Impact of visceral obesity on infectious complications after resection for colorectal cancer: a retrospective cohort study; Objectives: To explore the impact of visceral obesity (VO) measured by preoperative abdominal computed tomography (CT) on postoperative infectious complications for colorectal cancer (CRC) patients and establish a predictive model. Methods: Patients who underwent resection for colorectal cancer between January 2015 and January 2021 were enrolled in this study. All patients were measured for body mass index (BMI) and visceral fat area (VFA) preoperatively. Infectious complications were compared between the different groups according to BMI and VO categories. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression were used to analyze whether VO was an independent risk factor for postoperative infectious complications. According to the results of logistic regression, six machine learning approaches were used to establish predictive models and perform internal validation. The best-performing model was interpreted by the SHAPley Additive exPlanations value. Results: Approximately 64.81% of 520 patients had VO. VO was significantly connected with postoperative infectious complications (P < 0.001), coronary heart disease (P = 0.004), cerebral infarction (P = 0.001), hypertension (P < 0.001), diabetes (P < 0.001), and fatty liver (P < 0.001). The rates of wound infection (P = 0.048), abdominal or pelvic infection (P = 0.006), and pneumonia (P = 0.008) increased obviously in patients with VO. Compared to the low BMI group, a high BMI was found to be significantly associated with hypertension (P=0.007), fatty liver (P＜0.001), and a higher rate of postoperative infection (P=0.003). The results of logistic regression revealed that VO (OR = 2.01, 95% CI 1.17 ~ 3.48, P = 0.012), operation time ≥ 4 h (OR = 2.52, 95% CI 1.60 ~ 3.97, P < 0.001), smoking (OR = 2.04, 95% CI 1.16 ~ 3.59, P = 0.014), ostomy (OR = 1.65, 95% CI 1.04 ~ 2.61, P = 0.033), and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (OR = 2.23, 95% CI 1.09 ~ 4.57, P = 0.029) were independent risk factors. The light gradient boosting machine (LGBM) model displayed the largest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) (0.74, 95% CI 0.68 ~ 0.81). Conclusions: In this study, VO was superior to BMI in evaluating the influence of obesity on metabolic comorbidities and postoperative infectious complications in colorectal cancer patients. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Naringenin alleviates the excessive lipid deposition of polycystic ovary syndrome rats and insulin-resistant adipocytes by promoting PKGIα; Background: Naringenin (NGEN) has anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic effects. On this basis, this study aims to determine whether NGEN affects insulin resistance (IR) in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: CCK-8 assay and oil red O staining were used to detect the cytotoxicity of NGEN and lipid production in cells or tissues, respectively. The differentiated mature SW872 cells were treated with palmitic acid (PA) to mimic IR cell model. Through detecting glucose consumption, the changes of inflammation and glycolipid metabolism can be observed with the assessment on expression levels of the inflammatory factors as well as lipid synthesis- (ACC, SREBP1c, PPARγ), glucose metabolism- and thermogenesis (ATGL, GLUT4, UCP1)-related genes. Insulin sensitivity was determined by changes in glucose consumption and PKGIα pathway. PKGIα was silenced to verify the protective mechanism of NGEN. PCOS rat model was constructed to confirm the results of cell experiments in vivo. Results: NGEN generated no effect on SW872 cell viability. SW872 cells were differentiated and mature, as evidenced by lipid droplet formation, lipid synthesis gene activation, sugar metabolism and inhibition of thermogenesis-related genes. PA induction promoted lipid synthesis in mature adipocytes, and inhibited glucose metabolism and cell insulin sensitivity. NGEN pretreatment effectively alleviated the above-mentioned abnormalities. The protective mechanism of NGEN was achieved through promoting PKGIα activation. NGEN also mitigated the abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism in PCOS rats. Conclusion: NGEN inhibits the expression of PKGIα to alleviate IR that occurs in PCOS. © 2023 The Authors. American Journal of Reproductive Immunology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Involvement of PGRMC1 Signaling in Cognitive Impairment Induced by Long-Term Clozapine Treatment in Rats; Introduction: Progesterone receptor component 1 (PGRMC1) has been identified as a potential target in atypical antipsychotic drug-induced metabolic disturbances as well as neuroprotection in the central nervous system. In our study, we aimed to figure out the essential role of PGRMC1 signaling pathway underlying clozapine-induced cognitive impairment. Methods: In male SD rats, we utilized recombinant adeno-associated viruses (BBB 2.0) and the specific inhibitor of PGRMC1 (AG205) to regulate the expression of PGRMC1 in the brain, with a special focus on the hippocampus. Treatments of clozapine and AG205 were conducted for 28 days, and subsequent behavioral tests including modified elevated plus maze and Morris water maze were conducted to evaluate the cognitive performance. Hippocampal protein expressions were measured by Western blotting. Results: Our study showed that long-term clozapine administration led to cognitive impairment as confirmed by behavioral tests as well as histopathological examination in the hippocampus. Clozapine inhibited neural survival through the PGRMC1/EGFR/GLP1R-PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, leading to a decrease in the downstream survival factor, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), and simultaneously promoted neural apoptosis in the rat hippocampus. Intriguingly, by targeting at the hippocampal PGRMC1, we found that inhibiting PGRMC1 mimics, while its upregulation notably mitigates clozapine-induced cognitive impairment through PGRMC1 and its downstream signaling pathways. Conclusion: PGRMC1-overexpression could protect hippocampus-dependent cognitive impairment induced by clozapine. This effect appears to arise, in part, from the upregulated expression of PGRMC1/EGFR/GLP1R and the activation of downstream PI3K-Akt-BDNF and caspase-3 signaling pathways.  © 2023 Verhaltenstherapie. All rights reserved.
Menin orchestrates hepatic glucose and fatty acid uptake via deploying the cellular translocation of SIRT1 and PPARγ; Background: Menin is a scaffold protein encoded by the Men1 gene, which interacts with various transcriptional proteins to activate or repress cellular processes and is a key mediator in multiple organs. Both liver-specific and hepatocyte-specific Menin deficiency promotes high-fat diet-induced liver steatosis in mice, as well as insulin resistance and type 2 diabetic phenotype. The potential link between Menin and hepatic metabolism homeostasis may provide new insights into the mechanism of fatty liver disease. Results: Disturbance of hepatic Menin expression impacts metabolic pathways associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), including the FoxO signaling pathway, which is similar to that observed in both oleic acid-induced fatty hepatocytes model and biopsied fatty liver tissues, but with elevated hepatic Menin expression and inhibited FABP1. Higher levels of Menin facilitate glucose uptake while restraining fatty acid uptake. Menin targets the expression of FABP3/4/5 and also CD36 or GK, PCK by binding to their promoter regions, while recruiting and deploying the cellular localization of PPARγ and SIRT1 in the nucleus and cytoplasm. Accordingly, Menin binds to PPARγ and/or FoxO1 in hepatocytes, and orchestrates hepatic glucose and fatty acid uptake by recruiting SIRT1. Conclusion: Menin plays an orchestration role as a transcriptional activator and/or repressor to target downstream gene expression levels involved in hepatic energy uptake by interacting with the cellular energy sensor SIRT1, PPARγ, and/or FoxO1 and deploying their translocations between the cytoplasm and nucleus, thereby maintaining metabolic homeostasis. These findings provide more evidence suggesting Menin could be targeted for the treatment of hepatic steatosis, NAFLD or metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), and even other hepatic diseases. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, Society of Chinese Bioscientists in America (SCBA).
Food co-consumption network as a new approach to dietary pattern in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Dietary patterns strongly correlate with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a leading cause of chronic liver disease in developed societies. In this study, we introduce a new definition, the co-consumption network (CCN), which depicts the common consumption patterns of food groups through network analysis. We then examine the relationship between dietary patterns and NAFLD by analyzing this network. We selected 1500 individuals living in Tehran, Iran, cross-sectionally. They completed a food frequency questionnaire and underwent scanning via the FibroScan for liver stiffness, using the CAP score. The food items were categorized into 40 food groups. We reconstructed the CCN using the Spearman correlation-based connection. We then created healthy and unhealthy clusters using the label propagation algorithm. Participants were assigned to two clusters using the hypergeometric distribution. Finally, we classified participants into two healthy NAFLD networks, and reconstructed the gender and disease differential CCNs. We found that the sweet food group was the hub of the proposed CCN, with the largest cliques of size 5 associated with the unhealthy cluster. The unhealthy module members had a significantly higher CAP score (253.7 ± 47.8) compared to the healthy module members (218.0 ± 46.4) (P < 0.001). The disease differential CCN showed that in the case of NAFLD, processed meat had been co-consumed with mayonnaise and soft drinks, in contrast to the healthy participants, who had co-consumed fruits with green leafy and yellow vegetables. The CCN is a powerful method for presenting food groups, their consumption quantity, and their interactions efficiently. Moreover, it facilitates the examination of the relationship between dietary patterns and NAFLD. © 2023, The Author(s).
Emerging therapeutic options in the management of diabetes: recent trends, challenges and future directions; Diabetes is a serious health issue that causes a progressive dysregulation of carbohydrate metabolism due to insufficient insulin hormone, leading to consistently high blood glucose levels. According to the epidemiological data, the prevalence of diabetes has been increasing globally, affecting millions of individuals. It is a long-term condition that increases the risk of various diseases caused by damage to small and large blood vessels. There are two main subtypes of diabetes: type 1 and type 2, with type 2 being the most prevalent. Genetic and molecular studies have identified several genetic variants and metabolic pathways that contribute to the development and progression of diabetes. Current treatments include gene therapy, stem cell therapy, statin therapy, and other drugs. Moreover, recent advancements in therapeutics have also focused on developing novel drugs targeting these pathways, including incretin mimetics, SGLT2 inhibitors, and GLP-1 receptor agonists, which have shown promising results in improving glycemic control and reducing the risk of complications. However, these treatments are often expensive, inaccessible to patients in underdeveloped countries, and can have severe side effects. Peptides, such as glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), are being explored as a potential therapy for diabetes. These peptides are postprandial glucose-dependent pancreatic beta-cell insulin secretagogues and have received much attention as a possible treatment option. Despite these advances, diabetes remains a major health challenge, and further research is needed to develop effective treatments and prevent its complications. This review covers various aspects of diabetes, including epidemiology, genetic and molecular basis, and recent advancements in therapeutics including herbal and synthetic peptides. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Association between Neck Circumference and Chronic Kidney Disease in Korean Adults in the 2019–2021 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major public health problem and a leading cause of cardiovascular disease and death. Early recognition and management of CKD risk factors are necessary to prevent its onset and progression. Neck circumference (NC) is a non-invasive and easily accessible anthropometric measure associated with central obesity and subcutaneous fat accumulation in the upper body. Our study aimed to explore the relationship between NC and the prevalence of CKD using data from the nationally representative Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2019–2021). We analyzed data from 10,219 subjects (age > 19 years, no missing values). CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 mL/min/1.73 m2. Logistic regression analysis was performed, which revealed a significant association between NC and CKD prevalence even after adjusting for confounding factors, both when NC was considered a continuous variable (OR [95% CI], 1.11 [1.03–1.19]) and in quartiles (Q1 as reference; Q2 OR [95% CI], 1.23 [0.91–1.67]; Q3 OR [95% CI], 1.59 [1.16–2.18]; Q4 OR [95% CI], 1.70 [1.16–2.50]). Our findings suggest that NC could be a simple and effective anthropometric measurement for identifying individuals at risk for CKD. © 2023 by the authors.
(−)-Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate Reduces Perfluorodecanoic Acid-Exacerbated Adiposity and Hepatic Lipid Accumulation in High-Fat Diet-Fed Male C57BL/6J Mice; Perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA), an enduring and harmful organic pollutant, is widely employed in diverse food-related sectors. Our previous studies have provided evidence that PFDA has the potential to facilitate obesity and hepatic fat accumulation induced by high-fat diet (HFD) intake. Epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), a polyphenol found in green tea, has been suggested to possess potential preventive effects against metabolic abnormalities and fatty liver. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of EGCG on PFDA-exacerbated adiposity and hepatic lipid accumulation in HFD-fed mice. The results showed that EGCG reduced body weight gain; tissue and organ weights; blood glucose, serum insulin, HOMA-IR, leptin, and lipid parameters; serum inflammatory cytokines (IL−1β, IL−18, IL−6, and TNF−α); and hepatic lipid accumulation in PFDA-exposed mice fed an HFD. Further work showed that EGCG improved liver function and glucose homeostasis in mice fed an HFD and co-exposed to PFDA. The elevated hepatic mRNA levels of SREBP-1 and associated lipogenic genes, NLRP3, and caspase−1 in PFDA-exposed mice fed an HFD were significantly decreased by EGCG. Our work provides evidence for the potential anti-obesity effect of EGCG on co-exposure to HFD and PFDA and may call for further research on the bioactivity of EGCG to attenuate the endocrine disruption effects of long-term exposure to pollutants. © 2023 by the authors.
Network analysis identifies circulating miR-155 as predictive biomarker of type 2 diabetes mellitus development in obese patients: a pilot study; Obesity is the main risk factor for many non-communicable diseases. In clinical practice, unspecific markers are used for the determination of metabolic alterations and inflammation, without allowing the characterization of subjects at higher risk of complications. Circulating microRNAs represent an attractive approach for early screening to identify subjects affected by obesity more at risk of developing connected pathologies. The aim of this study was the identification of circulating free and extracellular vesicles (EVs)-embedded microRNAs able to identify obese patients at higher risk of type 2 diabetes (DM2). The expression data of circulating microRNAs derived from obese patients (OB), with DM2 (OBDM) and healthy donors were combined with clinical data, through network-based methodology implemented by weighted gene co-expression network analysis. The six circulating microRNAs overexpressed in OBDM patients were evaluated in a second group of patients, confirming the overexpression of miR-155-5p in OBDM patients. Interestingly, the combination of miR-155-5p with serum levels of IL-8, Leptin and RAGE was useful to identify OB patients most at risk of developing DM2. These results suggest that miR-155-5p is a potential circulating biomarker for DM2 and that the combination of this microRNA with other inflammatory markers in OB patients can predict the risk of developing DM2. © 2023, The Author(s).
Composition of gut microbiota and its correlations with neurological, intestinal, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; The intestinal microbiota is a microenvironment that has been the subject of studies for several decades. Over time, it has been reconsidered as a possible cofactor of multiple acute and chronic human diseases. In fact, alterations of the intestinal bacterial flora have been found in various neurological diseases. There are three modes of interaction between the intestinal microbiota and the gut-brain-Axis: chemical signals, neural pathways and immune system. Even at the gastrointestinal level, the gut microbiota plays certainly an important role in the etiopathogenesis of chronic intestinal inflammatory diseases but also in irritable bowel syndrome. An important correlation has also been demonstrated with non-Alcoholic fatty liver disease, as well as in other metabolic, cardiovascular and oncological diseases. Bacteria, viruses, fungi and various microorganisms that normally reside in our intestines can also be called into question as protective factors against these diseases. All this evidence leads researchers to consider the gut microbiota as a key element in the determination of aforementioned diseases. Therefore, it would be foreseeable in the future to associate the use of probiotics with the therapies used in the treatment of all these diseases. In this review we have condensed the main current knowledge regarding the link between the most frequent diseases and the gut microbiota.  © 2023 The Author(s).
Experimental periodontitis induced hypoadiponectinemia by IRE1α-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress in adipocytes; Backgroud: Hypoadiponectinemia is the important cause of insulin resistance. Recent studies have shown that periodontitis is associated with hypoadiponectinemia. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of periodontitis-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) in visceral adipocytes on hypoadiponectinemia. Methods: Rat periodontitis models were established by local ligation with silk around the bilateral maxillary second molars. Porphyromonas gingivalis-lipopolysaccharid (P.g-LPS) was also used to stimulate the visceral adipocytes in vitro. The protein expression levels of glucose regulated protein 78 (GRP78), inositol-requiring protein 1α (IRE1α), protein kinase RNA-like ER kinase (PERK), activating transcription factor 6 (ATF6) and adiponectin were detected. IRE1α lentiviruses were transfected into visceral adipocytes in vitro, and an IRE1α inhibitor (KIRA6) was injected in epididymal adipose tissue of rats to detect and verify the effect of ERS on adiponectin expression in visceral adipocytes in vivo. Results: Hypoadiponectinemia was observed in periodontitis rat, and the expression levels of ERS key proteins GRP78 and the phosphorylation levels of IRE1α (p-IRE1α)/IRE1α in visceral adipocytes were increased, while the expression levels of adiponectin protein were decreased. After KIRA6 injection into epididymal adipose tissue of rats with periodontitis, adiponectin levels in visceral adipocytes increased, and serum adiponectin levels recovered to a certain extent. The protein expression levels of GRP78 and p-IRE1α/IRE1α were increased and adiponectin protein expression was decreased in P.g-LPS-induced visceral adipocytes. Overexpression of IRE1α further inhibited adiponectin expression in P.g-LPS-stimulated visceral adipocytes, and conversely, IRE1α inhibition restored adiponectin expression. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that periodontitis induces ERS in visceral adipocytes leading to hypoadiponectinemia. IRE1α is a key protein regulating adiponectin expression in visceral adipocytes. © 2023, The Author(s).
Deficiency of histone variant macroH2A1.1 is associated with sexually dimorphic obesity in mice; Obesity has a major socio-economic health impact. There are profound sex differences in adipose tissue deposition and obesity-related conditions. The underlying mechanisms driving sexual dimorphism in obesity and its associated metabolic disorders remain unclear. Histone variant macroH2A1.1 is a candidate epigenetic mechanism linking environmental and dietary factors to obesity. Here, we used a mouse model genetically depleted of macroH2A1.1 to investigate its potential epigenetic role in sex dimorphic obesity, metabolic disturbances and gut dysbiosis. Whole body macroH2A1 knockout (KO) mice, generated with the Cre/loxP technology, and their control littermates were fed a high fat diet containing 60% of energy derived from fat. The diet was administered for three months starting from 10 to 12 weeks of age. We evaluated the progression in body weight, the food intake, and the tolerance to glucose by means of a glucose tolerance test. Gut microbiota composition, visceral adipose and liver tissue morphology were assessed. In addition, adipogenic gene expression patterns were evaluated in the visceral adipose tissue. Female KO mice for macroH2A1.1 had a more pronounced weight gain induced by high fat diet compared to their littermates, while the increase in body weight in male mice was similar in the two genotypes. Food intake was generally increased upon KO and decreased by high fat diet in both sexes, with the exception of KO females fed a high fat diet that displayed the same food intake of their littermates. In glucose tolerance tests, glucose levels were significantly elevated upon high fat diet in female KO compared to a standard diet, while this effect was absent in male KO. There were no differences in hepatic histology. Upon a high fat diet, in female adipocyte cross-sectional area was larger in KO compared to littermates: activation of proadipogenic genes (ACACB, AGT, ANGPT2, FASN, RETN, SLC2A4) and downregulation of antiadipogenic genes (AXIN1, E2F1, EGR2, JUN, SIRT1, SIRT2, UCP1, CCND1, CDKN1A, CDKN1B, EGR2) was detected. Gut microbiota profiling showed increase in Firmicutes and a decrease in Bacteroidetes in females, but not males, macroH2A1.1 KO mice. MacroH2A1.1 KO mice display sexual dimorphism in high fat diet-induced obesity and in gut dysbiosis, and may represent a useful model to investigate epigenetic and metabolic differences associated to the development of obesity-associated pathological conditions in males and females. © 2023, The Author(s).
Heat Shock Proteins (HSPs) and Cardiovascular Complications of Obesity: Searching for Potential Biomarkers; Heat shock proteins (HSPs), a family of proteins that support cellular proteostasis and perform a protective function under various stress conditions, such as high temperature, intoxication, inflammation, or tissue hypoxia, constitute a promising group of possible biochemical markers for obesity and cardiovascular diseases. HSP27 is involved in essential cellular processes occurring in conditions of obesity and its cardiometabolic complications; it has protective properties, and its secretion may indicate a cellular response to stress. HSP40 plays a controversial role in the pathogenesis of obesity. HSP60 is involved in various pathological processes of the cardiovascular, immune, excretory, and nervous systems and is associated with obesity and concomitant diseases. The hypersecretion of HSP60 is associated with poor prognosis; hence, this protein may become a target for further research on obesity and its cardiovascular complications. According to most studies, intracellular HSP70 is an obesity-promoting factor, whereas extracellular HSP70 exhibited inconsistent dynamics across different patient groups and diagnoses. HSPs are involved in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular pathology. However, in the context of cardiovascular and metabolic pathology, these proteins require further investigation. © 2023 by the authors.
Immune-mediated hematological disease in dogs is associated with alterations of the fecal microbiota: a pilot study; Background: The dog is the most popular companion animal and is a valuable large animal model for several human diseases. Canine immune-mediated hematological diseases, including immune-mediated hemolytic anemia (IMHA) and immune thrombocytopenia (ITP), share many features in common with autoimmune hematological diseases of humans. The gut microbiome has been linked to systemic illness, but few studies have evaluated its association with immune-mediated hematological disease. To address this knowledge gap, 16S rRNA gene sequencing was used to profile the fecal microbiota of dogs with spontaneous IMHA and ITP at presentation and following successful treatment. In total, 21 affected and 13 healthy control dogs were included in the study. Results: IMHA/ITP is associated with remodeling of fecal microbiota, marked by decreased relative abundance of the spirochete Treponema spp., increased relative abundance of the pathobionts Clostridium septicum and Escherichia coli, and increased overall microbial diversity. Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that Treponema spp. were associated with decreased risk of IMHA/ITP (odds ratio [OR] 0.24–0.34), while Ruminococcaceae UCG-009 and Christensenellaceae R-7 group were associated with increased risk of disease (OR = 6.84 [95% CI 2–32.74] and 8.36 [95% CI 1.85–71.88] respectively). Conclusions: This study demonstrates an association of immune-mediated hematological diseases in dogs with fecal dysbiosis, and points to specific bacterial genera as biomarkers of disease. Microbes identified as positive or negative risk factors for IMHA/ITP represent an area for future research as potential targets for new diagnostic assays and/or therapeutic applications. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd.
Insulin sensitivity and β-cell function during early and late pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE To evaluate the metabolic alterations associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in women with overweight or obesity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We compared fasting and postprandial plasma glucose and free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations, insulin sensitivity (IS; Matsuda index), and β-cell function (i.e., b-cell responsiveness to glucose) by using a frequently sampled oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 15 and 35 weeks’ gestation in women with overweight or obesity who had GDM (n = 29) or did not have GDM (No-GDM; n = 164) at 35 weeks. RESULTS At 15 weeks, IS and β-cell function were lower, and fasting, 1-h, and total areaunder- the-curve plasma glucose concentrations during the OGTT were higher (all P < 0.05) in the GDM than in the No-GDM group. At 35 weeks compared with 15 weeks, IS decreased, β-cell function increased, and postprandial suppression of plasma FFA was blunted in both the GDM and No-GDM groups, but the decrease in IS and the increase in postprandial FFA concentration were greater and the increase in β-cell function was less (all P ≤ 0.05) in the GDM than in the No-GDM group. A receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that both fasting plasma glucose and 1-h OGTT glucose concentration at 15 weeks are predictors of GDM, but the predictive power was <30%. CONCLUSIONS Women with overweight or obesity and GDM, compared with those without GDM, have worse IS and β-cell function early during pregnancy and a greater subsequent decline in IS and blunted increase in β-cell function. Increased fasting and 1-h OGTT plasma glucose concentration early during pregnancy are markers of increased GDM risk, albeit with weak predictive power. © 2023 by the American Diabetes Association.
Impact of obesity on female puberty and pubertal disorders; The worldwide epidemic of obesity appears to be one of the crucial health problems. One-third of children and adolescents in the United States are classified as either overweight or obese and 6% of adolescents are severely obese. With the development of high technology, children, and adolescents, spend more time in sedentary life. Together with the availability of consuming fast caloric food, it is almost unavoidable to get an imbalance between caloric intake and caloric expenditure of energy, resulting in the accumulation of fat-energy stores. Obesity has an enormous impact on physical and psychological health and is associated with more than 29 adverse health consequences previously identified in the adult population only, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, postmenopausal breast cancer, and others. In addition, excess adiposity may exert a harmful effect on the reproductive system, resulting in precocious puberty, irregular menstrual cycle, polycystic ovary syndrome, and high-risk sexual behavior. Intervention programs for healthy lifestyle modification, consisting of caloric restriction together with physical activity did not gain the expected efficacy. Other approaches as medical and surgical therapies are currently not evidence-based for the young population. The obesity crisis in children and adolescents requires a better understanding of etiology, pathophysiology, and management of obesity in this unique population. Researchers and physicians must “turn over every stone” to find a solution for deviating obesity ascent. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Causal association between gut microbiota and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: mendelian randomization study; Background: Previous observational cohort studies have shown that the composition of the gut microbiota is related to the risk of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), although it is unclear if the association is causative. This study used Mendelian randomization (MR) to systematically examine whether the gut microbiota was causally linked to ICP. Methods: We obtained the genome-wide association study (GWAS) summary statistics of gut microbiota and ICP from published GWASs. Maximum likelihood (ML), MR-Egger regression, weighted median, inverse variance weighted (IVW), and weighted model were used to investigate the causal association between gut microbiota and ICP. We further conducted a series of sensitivity analyses to confirm the robustness of the primary results of the MR analyses. Reverse MR analysis was performed on the bacterial taxa that were reported to be causally linked to ICP risk in forwarding MR analysis to evaluate the possibility of reverse causation. Results: MR analysis revealed that phylum Tenericutes (OR: 1.670, 95%CI: 1.073–2.598, P = 0.023), class Bacteroidia (OR: 1.644, 95%CI: 1.031–2.622, P = 0.037), class Mollicutes (OR: 1.670, 95%CI: 1.073–2.598, P = 0.023), and order Bacteroidales (OR: 1.644, 95%CI: 1.031–2.622, P = 0.037), and were positively associated with the risk of ICP. And we identified that the relative abundance of genus Dialister (OR: 0.562, 95%CI: 0.323–0.977, P = 0.041), genus Erysipelatoclostridium (OR: 0.695, 95%CI: 0.490–0.987, P = 0.042), genus Eubacterium (brachy group) (OR: 0.661, 95%CI: 0.497–0.880, P = 0.005), genus Eubacterium (hallii group) (OR: 0.664, 95%CI: 0.451–0.977, P = 0.037), genus Holdemania (OR: 0.590, 95%CI: 0.414–0.840, P = 0.003), genus Ruminococcus (torques group) (OR: 0.448, 95%CI: 0.235–0.854, P = 0.015), and genus Veillonella (OR: 0.513, 95%CI: 0.294–0.893, P = 0.018) were related to a lower risk of ICP. Additional sensitivity analyses confirmed the robustness of the association between specific gut microbiota composition and ICP. No evidence of reverse causality from ICP to identified bacterial taxa was found in the findings of the reverse MR analyses. Conclusions: Under MR assumptions, our findings propose new evidence of the relationship between gut microbiota and ICP risk. Our results show that the gut microbiota may be useful target of intervention for ICP. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
The association of female reproductive factors with risk of metabolic syndrome in women from NHANES 1999–2018; Background: Female reproductive factors such as age at first birth (AFB), age at last birth (ALB), number of pregnancies and live births play an essential role in women’s health. However, few epidemiological studies have evaluated the association between female reproductive factors and metabolic syndrome (MetS). We therefore conducted a cross-sectional study to investigate the association between MetS risk and female reproductive factors. Methods: We investigated the relationship between AFB, ALB, number of pregnancies and live births and the incidence of MetS using publicly available data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 1999 to 2018. Weighted multivariable logistic regression analysis, restricted cubic spline (RCS) model, and subgroup analysis were used to evaluate the association between AFB and ALB and the risk of MetS in women. In addition, the relationship between the number of pregnancies, live births and MetS risk was also explored. Results: A total of 15,404 women were included in the study, and 5,983 (38.8%) had MetS. RCS models showed an N-shaped relationship between AFB and MetS risk, whereas ALB, number of pregnancies, and live births were linearly associated with MetS. Weighted multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that the number of live births was associated with MetS risk, with ORs of 1.18 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.35) for women with ≥ 5 deliveries compared to women with ≤ 2 births. Conclusions: AFB was associated with the risk of MetS in an N-shaped curve in women. In addition, women with high live births have a higher incidence of MetS. © 2023, The Author(s).
Nano-Stevia reduces the liver injury caused by streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes in rats by targeting PEPCK/GCK genes, INSR pathway and apoptosis; Objectives: Extensive application of stevia in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) has been proven by a large number of previous studies. We prepared stevia loaded in nanoniosomes (nanostevia) to improve its bioavailability, functionality, and stability and explore its protective effects and underlying mechanisms in the liver of STZ-induced diabetic rats. Methods: Single-dose intraperitoneal injection of STZ (50 mg/kg body weight) was used to establish diabetic model. The mRNA levels of PEPCK and GCK genes and the protein level of INSR were evaluated by Real time-PCR and Western blot assays, respectively. TUNEL assay was used to detect apoptotic cell death in the liver tissue. Results: Diabetic rats exhibited significantly reduced levels of INSR (*** P < 0.001) as well as elevated levels of PEPCK (*** P < 0.001). Both stevia and nano-stevia were capable of increasing levels of GCK and INSR and reducing levels of PEPCK (## P < 0.01 and ### P < 0.001, respectively). In addition, significantly increased number of apoptotic cell death was seen in the liver tissue of diabetic rats (*** P < 0.001) which was markedly mitigated by treatment with both Stevia and nano-Stevia (#P < 0.05 and ## P < 0.01, respectively). Conclusion: Both stevia and nano-stevia demonstrates potent anti-apoptotic activity in the liver tissue of diabetic rats by targeting PEPCK/GCK genes and INSR pathway. These finding show that nano-stevia has more potential to reduce the liver injury caused by STZ-induced diabetes in rats and hence can be considered a valid agent and alternative therapy for attenuating complications of type 2 DM. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Geniposide suppressed OX-LDL-induced osteoblast apoptosis by regulating the NRF2/NF-κB signaling pathway; Background: Osteoporosis (OP), due to microarchitectural alterations, is associated with decreased bone mass, declined strength, and increased fracture risk. Increased osteoblast apoptosis contributes to the progression of OP. Natural compounds from herbs provide a rich resource for drug screening. Our previous investigation showed that geniposide (GEN), an effective compound from Eucommia ulmoides, could protect against the pathological development of OP induced by cholesterol accumulation. Methods: The rat OP models were duplicated. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, hematoxylin and eosin staining, and immunohistochemistry were used to evaluate bone changes. TUNEL/DAPI staining assays were used for cell apoptosis detection. Protein expression was determined by western blotting assays. Results: A high-fat diet promoted OP development in vivo, and OX-LDL stimulated osteoblast apoptosis in vitro. GEN exhibited protective activities against OX-LDL-induced osteoblast apoptosis by increasing the NRF2 pathway and decreasing the NF-κB pathway. PDTC, an NF-κB inhibitor, could further promote the biological functions of GEN. In contrast, ML385, an NRF2 inhibitor, might eliminate GEN’s protection. Conclusion: GEN suppressed OX-LDL-induced osteoblast apoptosis by regulating the NRF2/NF-κB signaling pathway. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Metabolomics to Understand Alterations Induced by Physical Activity during Pregnancy; Physical activity (PA) and exercise have been associated with a reduced risk of cancer, obesity, and diabetes. In the context of pregnancy, maintaining an active lifestyle has been shown to decrease gestational weight gain (GWG) and lower the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertension, and macrosomia in offspring. The main pathways activated by PA include BCAAs, lipids, and bile acid metabolism, thereby improving insulin resistance in pregnant individuals. Despite these known benefits, the underlying metabolites and biological mechanisms affected by PA remain poorly understood, highlighting the need for further investigation. Metabolomics, a comprehensive study of metabolite classes, offers valuable insights into the widespread metabolic changes induced by PA. This narrative review focuses on PA metabolomics research using different analytical platforms to analyze pregnant individuals. Existing studies support the hypothesis that exercise behaviour can influence the metabolism of different populations, including pregnant individuals and their offspring. While PA has shown considerable promise in maintaining metabolic health in non-pregnant populations, our comprehension of metabolic changes in the context of a healthy pregnancy remains limited. As a result, further investigation is necessary to clarify the metabolic impact of PA within this unique group, often excluded from physiological research. © 2023 by the authors.
Obesity and metabolic disorders in infertile women: an interesting relationship between multifactorial conditions; obesity impacts multiple aspects of health. it is closely related to a number of adverse reproductive outcomes, including anovulation, polycystic ovary syndrome, and infertility. a correlation between obesity/dysmetabolism and oocyte maturation pathways, endometrial characteristics, and embryonic quality has been demonstrated. obesity, by increasing the risk of metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance, diabetes, or relative hyperandrogenism, also adversely affects reproductive function, causing a chronic inflammatory state that is reflected both systemically and locally, at the ovarian follicular microenvironment, altering oocyte maturation and quality. obesity comes to affect endometrial receptivity, with lower clinical pregnancy and live birth rates and higher abortion rates. it also appears to have a negative impact on assisted reproduction outcomes, with fewer implantations and clinical pregnancies, higher incidence of miscarriage or complications during gestation. obese women are more likely to create poor-quality embryos. Whether these results are due to defects in oocyte quality, abnormal embryo development, or an unwelcoming uterine environment is still debated, but clinical evidence to date suggests a combination of factors. A healthy diet, combined with sufficient antioxidant intake, body weight control and regular physical activity, is estimated to reduce the risk of ovulatory infertility. Medications to treat obesity may be useful in combination with lifestyle interventions; bariatric surgery remains the most effective intervention for significant and lasting weight loss. These interventions improve quality of life and may increase the likelihood of spontaneous conception. Further studies are needed to define the impact of obesity in the short and long term, from pregnancy research to pregnancy success. © 2023 edizioni Minerva Medica.
Oral-gut axis as a novel biological mechanism linking periodontal disease and systemic diseases: A review; Substantial evidence suggests that periodontal disease increases the risk of developing and progressing extraoral manifestations such as diabetes, atherosclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and inflammatory bowel disease. The most probable causative mechanism behind this is the influx of bacteria and/or bacterial products (endotoxin) and inflammatory cytokines into the systemic circulation originating from inflamed periodontal tissues. However, recent studies have revealed that oral bacteria, especially periodontopathic bacteria, play a role in inducing dysbiosis of the gut microbiota resulting induction of gut dysbiosis-related pathology associated with systemic diseases. Conversely, the disruption of gut microbiota has been shown to have a negative impact on the pathogenesis of periodontal disease. Based on our study findings and the available literature, this review presents an overview of the relationship between periodontal disease and systemic health, highlighting the mouth-gut connection. © 2023 The Authors
The Role of the FGF19 Family in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes: A Narrative Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications. Understanding the pathogenesis and appropriate diagnosis of GDM enables the implementation of early interventions during pregnancy that reduce the risk of maternal and fetal complications. At the same time, it provides opportunities to prevent diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in women with GDM and their offspring in the future. Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) represent a heterogeneous family of signaling proteins which play a vital role in cell proliferation and differentiation, repair of damaged tissues, wound healing, angiogenesis, and mitogenesis and also affect the regulation of carbohydrate, lipid, and hormone metabolism. Abnormalities in the signaling function of FGFs may lead to numerous pathological conditions, including metabolic diseases. The FGF19 subfamily, also known as atypical FGFs, which includes FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23, is essential in regulating metabolic homeostasis and acts as a hormone while entering the systemic circulation. Many studies have pointed to the involvement of the FGF19 subfamily in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases, including GDM, although the results are inconclusive. FGF19 and FGF21 are thought to be associated with insulin resistance, an essential element in the pathogenesis of GDM. FGF21 may influence placental metabolism and thus contribute to fetal growth and metabolism regulation. The observed relationship between FGF21 and increased birth weight could suggest a potential role for FGF21 in predicting future metabolic abnormalities in children born to women with GDM. In this group of patients, different mechanisms may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in women in later life, and FGF23 appears to be their promising early predictor. This study aims to present a comprehensive review of the FGF19 subfamily, emphasizing its role in GDM and predicting its long-term metabolic consequences for mothers and their offspring. © 2023 by the authors.
Diet and Exercise in the Management of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Practical Considerations for Person-Centered Care; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex multisystem condition associated with life-long reproductive, metabolic, and psychological symptoms. Individuals with PCOS are at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, with approximately 70% of all PCOS cases presenting with insulin resistance. Lifestyle interventions have historically been recommended as first-line therapies for the management of PCOS-related cardiometabolic disorders. The term lifestyle management incorporates a multifaceted approach to dietary, exercise, and behavioral strategies, aiming to promote a healthy lifestyle. This approach has been commonly employed in practice, in particular through exercise and dietary modulation, due to its effect on cardiometabolic outcomes as well as its tolerability. Furthermore, there is evidence to suggest that combining dietary change with exercise may yield the greatest improvements in clinical outcomes. However, such practices require careful consideration and coordination, as there are instances where certain exercise and/or dietary prescriptions may compromise the effectiveness of the respective interventions. Thus, this review aims to provide practical guidance on diet and exercise planning in the routine care of PCOS. Such recommendations include emphasizing realistic and achievable goals, as well as minimizing barriers to lifestyle changes in order to increase the long-term sustainability of this treatment strategy. © 2023 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Profiles and integration of the gut microbiome and fecal metabolites in severe intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Background: The pathogenesis of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) remains unknown. The gut microbiome and its metabolites play important roles in bile acid metabolism, and previous studies have indicated the association of the gut microbiome with ICP. Methods: We recruited a cohort of 5100 participants, and 20 participants were enrolled in the severe ICP group, matched with 20 participants in the mild ICP group and 20 controls. 16S rRNA sequencing and nontargeting metabolomics were adapted to explore the gut microbiome and fecal metabolites. Results: An increase in richness and a dramatic deviation in composition were found in the gut microbiome in ICP. Decreased Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes abundances and increased Proteobacteria abundances were found in women with severe but not mild ICP compared to healthy pregnant women. Escherichia-Shigella and Lachnoclostridium abundances increased, whereas Ruminococcaceae abundance decreased in ICP group, especially in severe ICP group. The fecal metabolite composition and diversity presented typical variation in severe ICP. A significant increase in bile acid, formate and succinate levels and a decrease in butyrate and hypoxanthine levels were found in women with severe ICP. The MIMOSA model indicated that genera Ruminococcus gnavus group, Lachnospiraceae FCS020 group, and Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group contributed significantly to the metabolism of hypoxanthine, which was significantly depleted in subjects with severe ICP. Genus Acinetobacter contributed significantly to formate metabolism, which was significantly enriched in subjects with severe ICP. Conclusions: Women with severe but not mild ICP harbored a unique gut microbiome and fecal metabolites compared to healthy controls. Based on these profiles, we hypothesized that the gut microbiome was involved in bile acid metabolism through metabolites, affecting ICP pathogenesis and development, especially severe ICP. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Impact of neighbourhood-level social determinants of health on healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis: a population-based study in Ontario, Canada; Background Cirrhosis is rising in North America, driven partly by the epidemic of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), most in women of reproductive age. Little is known about factors that impact perinatal outcomes and healthcare utilisation in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis. Objectives We investigated the association between population-level social determinants, health outcomes and healthcare utilisation. Methods We retrospectively analysed healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in a cohort of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis from Ontario, Canada from 2000 to 2016 and followed for 90 days postdelivery. We compared utilisation and health outcomes according to income, residential instability, material deprivation, dependency and ethnic diversity. A Cochran-Armitage test for trend was done to assess whether utilisation patterns were linear across quintiles. Results 3320 pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis formed the study cohort. Decreasing income quintile associated with a higher proportion of women with at least one emergency department (ED) visit. Increasing residential instability, material deprivation and dependency were associated with a higher frequency of ED visitation, with no compelling differences in the rates of perinatal complications or adverse outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis. Using multiple population-level proxies for social determinants of health, this study demonstrates an association between marginalisation and increased ED visitation. Conclusions As the incidence rate of pregnancies among women with NAFLD cirrhosis continues to rise, understanding how this population uses healthcare services will help coordinate care for these patients.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Fine particulate matter and its constituent on ovarian reserve: Identifying susceptible windows of exposure; Background: Little is known about the associations of exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and its constituents with ovarian reserve, and the potential susceptible window of exposure remains unclear. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of 5189 women who attended a fertility center in Hubei, China, during 2019–2022, and estimated concentrations of PM2.5 and its major constituents during the development of follicles (4th–6th month [W1], 0-4th month [W2], 0-6th month [W3]) and 1-year before measurement (W4) based on Tracking Air Pollution in China database. We used multivariable linear regression and logistic regression models to examine the associations of PM2.5 and its constituent exposures with anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH), the preferred indicator of ovarian reserve. Results: We observed significantly decreased AMH levels associated with increasing PM2.5 concentrations, with the percent changes (95 % confidence intervals [CIs]) of 1.99 % (0.24 %–3.71 %) during W1 and 3.99 % (0.74 %–7.15 %) during W4 for per 10 μg/m3 increases in PM2.5.When PM2.5 exposure levels were equal to 50th percentile (32.6–42.3 μg/m3) or more, monotonically decreased AMH levels and increased risks of low AMH were seen with increasing PM2.5 concentrations during W1 and W4 (P < 0.05). Black carbon (BC), ammonium (NH4+), nitrate (NO3−), and organic matter (OM) during W1, and NH4+, NO3−, as well as sulfate (SO42−) during W4 were significantly associated with decreased AMH. Moreover, PM2.5 and SO42− exposures during W4 were positively associated with low AMH. Additionally, the associations were stronger among women aged <35 years, lived in urban regions, or measured AMH in cold-season (P for interaction <0.05). Conclusion: PM2.5 and specific chemical components (particularly NH4+, NO3−, and SO42−) exposure during the secondary to antral follicle stage and 1-year before measurement were associated with diminished ovarian reserve (DOR), indicating the adverse impact of PM2.5 and its constituent exposures on female reproductive potential. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Double knockout of FFAR4 and FGF21 aggravates metabolic disorders in mice; Several investigations have examined the involvement of free fatty acid receptor 4 (FFAR4) in metabolic disorders, but its action remains controversial. To investigate whether endogenous fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21)-mediated signaling controls the metabolic status in FFAR4-deficient mice, we generated FFAR4/FGF21 double knockout (DKO) mice. We also evaluated the role of FGF21 on glucose and lipid metabolism in FFAR4 KO mice fed a high-fat diet. Levels of FGF21 were significantly increased in FFAR4-deficient mice and double deletion of FGF21 and FFAR4 led to severe metabolic disorders. Additionally, FFAR4/FGF21 DKO mice displayed metabolic abnormalities that may be caused by decreased energy expenditure. Collectively, this study characterized the effects of endogenous FGF21, which acts as a master feedback regulator in the absence of FFAR4. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation improves early-stage diabetic nephropathy and subclinical atherosclerosis in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Numerous studies have evaluated the beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids on inflammatory, autoimmune and renal diseases. However, data about the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on diabetic kidney disease in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) are lacking. Objectives: This randomized-controlled trial assessed the effect of oral omega-3 supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profile, albuminuria level, kidney injury molecule-1 (KIM-1) and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) in pediatric patients with T1DM and diabetic nephropathy. Methods: Seventy T1DM patients and diabetic nephropathy were enrolled with a mean age 15.2 ± 1.96 years and median disease duration 7 years. Patients were randomly assigned into two groups; intervention group which received oral omega-3 fatty acids capsules (1 g daily). The other group received a matching placebo and served as a control group. Both groups were followed-up for 6 months with assessment of fasting blood glucose (FBG), HbA1c, fasting lipids, urinary albumin creatinine ratio (UACR), KIM-1 and CIMT. Results: After 6 months, omega-3 fatty acids adjuvant therapy for the intervention group resulted in a significant decrease in FBG, HbA1c, triglycerides, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, UACR, KIM-1 and CIMT, whereas, HDL-cholesterol was significantly higher post-therapy compared with baseline levels and compared with the control group (p < 0.05). Baseline KIM-1 levels were positively correlated to HbA1c, UACR and CIMT. Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids was safe and well-tolerated. Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acids as an adjuvant therapy in pediatric T1DM patients with diabetic nephropathy improved glycemic control, dyslipidemia and delayed disease progression and subclinical atherosclerosis among those patients. This trial was registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier no. NCT05980026. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Maternal betaine supplementation ameliorates fatty liver disease in offspring mice by inhibiting hepatic NLRP3 inflammasome activation; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Previous research has shown maternal betaine supplementation alleviates fetal-derived hepatic steatosis. Therefore, this study examined thanti-inflammatory effect of maternal betaine intake in offspring mice and its mechanism. MATERIALS/METHODS: Female C57BL/6J mice and their offspring were randomly divided into 3 groups according to the treatment received during gestation and lactation: control diet (CD), fatty liver disease (FLD), and fatty liver disease + 1% betaine (FLD-BET). The FLD group was given a high-fat diet and streptozotocin (HFD + STZ), and the FLD-BET group was treated with HFD + STZ + 1% betaine. After weaning, the offspring mice were given a normal diet for 5 weeks and then dissected to measure the relevant indexes. RESULTS: Compared to the CD group, the offspring mice in the FLD group revealed obvious hepatic steatosis and increased serum levels of alanine aminotransferase, interleukin (IL)-6, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α; maternal betaine supplementation reversed these changes. The hepatic mRNA expression levels of IL-6, IL-18, and Caspase-1 were significantly higher in the FLD group than in the CD group. Maternal betaine supplementation reduced the expression of IL-1β, IL-6, IL-18, and apoptosis-associated speck-like protein containing C-terminal caspase recruitment domain (ASC). Maternal betaine supplementation also reversed the increasing protein expressions of nitric oxide dioxygenase-like receptor family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3), ASC, Caspase-1, IL-1β, and IL-18 in offspring mice exposed to HFD + STZ. Maternal betaine supplementation decreased the homocysteine (Hcy) and s-adenosine homocysteine (SAH) levels significantly in the livers. Furthermore, the hepatic Hcy concentrations showed significant inverse relationships with the mRNA expression of TNF-α, NLRP3, ASC, and IL-18. The hepatic SAH concentration was inversely associated with the IL-1β mRNA expression. CONCLUSIONS: The lipotropic and anti-inflammatory effect of maternal betaine supplementation may be associated with the inhibition of NLRP3 inflammasome in the livers of the offspring mice. © 2023 The Korean Nutrition Society and the Korean Society of Community Nutrition.
The Protective Effect of Auricularia cornea var. Li. Polysaccharide on Alcoholic Liver Disease and Its Effect on Intestinal Microbiota; This study’s objective was to examine the protective effect and mechanism of a novel polysaccharide (AYP) from Auricularia cornea var. Li. on alcoholic liver disease in mice. AYP was extracted from the fruiting bodies of Auricularia cornea var. Li. by enzymatic extraction and purified by DEAE-52 and Sephacryl S-400. Structural features were determined using high-performance liquid chromatography, ion exchange chromatography and Fourier-transform infrared analysis. Additionally, alcoholic liver disease (ALD) mice were established to explore the hepatoprotective activity of AYP (50, 100 and 200 mg/kg/d). Here, our results showed that AYP presented high purity with a molecular weight of 4.64 × 105 Da. AYP was composed of galacturonic acid, galactose, glucose, arabinose, mannose, xylose, rhamnose, ribos, glucuronic acid and fucose (molar ratio: 39.5:32.9:23.6:18.3:6.5:5.8:5.8:3.3:2:1.1). Notably, AYP remarkably reduced liver function impairment (alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC)), nitric oxide (NO) and malondialdehyde (MDA) of the liver and enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and glutathione (gGSH)) in mice with ALD. Meanwhile, the serum level of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-1β (IL-1β) were reduced in ALD mice treated by AYP. Furthermore, the AYPH group was the most effective and was therefore chosen to further investigate its effect on the intestinal microbiota (bacteria and fungi) of ALD mice. Based on 16s rRNA and ITS-1 sequencing data, AYP influenced the homeostasis of intestinal microbiota to mitigate the damage of ALD mice, possibly by raising the abundance of favorable microbiota (Muribaculaceae, Lachnospiraceae and Kazachstania) and diminishing the abundance of detrimental microbiota (Lactobacillus, Mortierella and Candida). This discovery opens new possibilities for investigating physiological activity in A. cornea var. Li. and provides theoretical references for natural liver-protecting medication research. © 2023 by the authors.
Binding mechanism and biological effects of flavone DYRK1A inhibitors for the design of new antidiabetics; The selective inhibition of kinases from the diabetic kinome is known to promote the regeneration of beta cells and provide an opportunity for the curative treatment of diabetes. The effect can be achieved by carefully tailoring the selectivity of inhibitor toward a particular kinase, especially DYRK1A, previously associated with Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease. Recently DYRK1A inhibition has been shown to promote both insulin secretion and beta cells proliferation. Here, we show that commonly available flavones are effective inhibitors of DYRK1A. The observed biochemical activity of flavone compounds is confirmed by crystal structures solved at 2.06 Å and 2.32 Å resolution, deciphering the way inhibitors bind in the ATP-binding pocket of the kinase, which is driven by the arrangement of hydroxyl moieties. We also demonstrate antidiabetic properties of these biomolecules and prove that they could be further improved by therapy combined with TGF-β inhibitors. Our data will allow future structure-based optimization of the presented scaffolds toward potent, bioavailable and selective anti-diabetic drugs. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
Analysis of cortisol mechanism to predict common genes between PCOS and its co-morbidities; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial endocrine disorder and one of the main causes of PCOS is hormonal imbalance due to lifestyle changes. Estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, cortisol and melatonin are the major hormones that regulate the menstrual cycle and other endocrine disorders in women. The hormone cortisol, in particular, can lead to many comorbid conditions related to PCOS. In this proposed work, PubMed articles were mined using R program to retrieve target genes for PCOS. The NCBI Gene/Genome database was used to download PCOS genes, and genes related to cortisol and major comorbid diseases. Then, commonly intersecting genes among PCOS–Cortisol–Comorbids were identified. From the obtained results, the top seven genes were considered as Hub–Bottleneck genes based on the Degree and Betweenness values of the 26 intersecting (merged) genes. Functional annotation and pathway analysis were performed to examine significant pathways of Hub–Bottleneck genes. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature.
Expression of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 in HELLP syndrome; Objective: To investigate the expression of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3(IGFBP-3) in HELLP syndrome and its possible role in the pathogenesis of this disease. Methods: 1) 87 subjects were enrolled, including 29 patients with HELLP syndrome, 29 patients with pre-eclampsia (PE), and 29 healthy gravidae as control. The levels of IGFBP-3, IGF-1, TGF-β1, and VEGF in maternal and umbilical blood of them were detected using ELISA. Correlation analysis was used to observe the correlation between IGFBP-3 and IGF-1/TGF-β1/VEGF in maternal and umbilical blood, as well as that between maternal serum IGFBP-3 and clinical diagnostic indicators of HELLP syndrome. 2) Human hepatic sinusoid endothelial cells (HLSEC) and human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) were cultured with different concentrations of IGFBP-3. After 72 h of culture, cell apoptosis and the normal living cells rate were detected and compared. Results: 1) In both maternal and umbilical blood of HELLP group, levels of IGFBP-3 and TGF-β1 were higher than control and PE group, IGF-1was lower than control group, VEGF was lower than control and PE group. IGFBP-3 in maternal blood was correlated with IGF-1/TGF-β1/ VEGF, while IGFBP-3 in umbilical blood was linked to IGF-1/TGF-β1. In maternal blood, there was a negative correlation between PLT and IGFBP-3, and a positive correlation between ALT/AST/LDH and IGFBP-3. 2) After cultured with IGFBP-3, the total apoptosis rate of either HLSEC or HUVEC was considerably elevated, while the normal living rate was decreased. Conclusion: The expression of IGFBP-3 is elevated in HELLP syndrome, which may subsequently promote cell apoptosis by affecting the expression and function of IGF-1, VEGF, and TGFβ1 in the IGF/PI3K/Akt, TGF-β1/Smad3, and VEGF/eNOS/NO pathways. IGFBP-3 aggravates inflammatory reactions of the vascular endothelium and liver under hypoxia, affects the normal function of cells, and plays a role in the pathogenesis of diseases. © 2023, The Author(s).
NLRP3 inhibitors: Unleashing their therapeutic potential against inflammatory diseases; The NOD-like receptor pyrin domain-containing protein 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome has been linked to the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and is essential for innate defence against infection and danger signals. These secreted cytokines improve the inflammatory response caused by tissue damage and associated inflammation. Consequently, the development of NLRP3 inflammasome inhibitors are viable option for the treatment of diverse inflammatory disorders. The significant anti-inflammatory effects of the NLRP3 inhibitors have severe side effects. Hence, the application of NLRP3 inhibitors against inflammatory disease has not yet been understood and most of the developed inhibitors are unsuccessful in clinical trials. The processes behind the NLRP3 complex, priming, and activation are the main emphasis of this review, which also covers therapeutical inhibitors of the NLRP3 inflammasome and potential therapeutic strategies for directing the NLRP3 inflammasome towards clinical development. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
The effects of zinc supplementation on the metabolic factors in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with metabolic factors including obesity, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and elevated inflammatory factors. Zinc (Zn) supplementation has been investigated as a potential adjunctive therapy in managing NAFLD outcomes. Methods: In this randomized, double-blinded, controlled clinical trial, 50 overweight or obese participants with NAFLD were randomized into 2 groups of 25 and received either 30 mg of daily Zn or a placebo for 8 weeks. Both groups were invited to follow a balanced energy-restricted diet and physical activity recommendations. Results: Based on the between-group comparison, Zn supplementation caused a significant increase in the Zn level (P < 0.001) and a significant decrease in weight (P = 0.004), body mass index (BMI) (P = 0.002), waist circumference (P = 0.010), aspartate transaminase (AST) (P = 0.033), total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.045), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (P = 0.014), but it had no significant effect on alanine transaminase (ALT), fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglyceride (TG), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), malondialdehyde (MDA), and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The results of the present study indicated that 8-week supplementation of 30 mg daily Zn may increase the Zn serum level and decline anthropometric parameters, AST, TC, and LDL-C in NAFLD patients, so further research is suggested in the future. Trial registration: The trial was retrospectively registered at IRCT.ir as IRCT20191015045113N1 (December/8/2019). © 2023, The Author(s).
The Role of Irisin throughout Women’s Life Span; Since its discovery, much attention has been drawn to irisin’s potential role in metabolic and reproductive diseases. This narrative review summarizes and updates the possible role played by this fascinating molecule in different physiological (puberty and menopause) and pathological (polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), functional hypothalamic amenorrhea (FHA), endometriosis, and gestational diabetes) conditions that can affect women throughout their entire lives. Irisin appears to be an important factor for the hypothalamic–pituitary–gonadal axis activation, and appears to play a role in the timing of puberty onset. Serum irisin levels have been proposed as a biomarker for predicting the future development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Its role in PCOS is still controversial, although an “irisin resistance” mechanism has been hypothesized. In addition to its impact on metabolism, irisin also appears to influence bone health. Irisin levels are inversely correlated with the prevalence of fractures in postmenopausal women. Similar mechanisms have also been postulated in young women with FHA. In clinical settings, further controlled, prospective and randomized clinical trials are needed to investigate the casual relationship between irisin levels and the conditions described and, in turn, to establish the role of irisin as a prognostic/diagnostic biomarker or a therapeutic target. © 2023 by the authors.
Predicting Insulin Resistance in a Pediatric Population with Obesity; Objectives: Insulin resistance (IR) affects children and adolescents with obesity and early diagnosis is crucial to prevent long-term consequences. Our aim was to identify predictors of IR and develop a multivariate model to accurately predict IR. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of demographical, clinical, and biochemical data from a cohort of patients attending a specialized Paediatric Nutrition Unit in Portugal over a 20-year period. We developed multivariate regression models to predict IR. The participants were randomly divided into 2 groups: a model group for developing the predictive models and a validation group for cross-validation of the study. Results: Our study included 1423 participants, aged 3-17 years old, randomly divided in the model (n = 879) and validation groups (n = 544). The predictive models, including uniquely demographic and clinical variables, demonstrated good discriminative ability [area under the curve (AUC): 0.834-0.868; sensitivity: 77.0%-83.7%; specificity: 77.0%-78.7%] and high negative predictive values (88.9%-91.6%). While the diagnostic ability of adding fasting glucose or triglycerides/high density lipoprotein cholesterol index to the models based on clinical parameters did not show significant improvement, fasting insulin appeared to enhance the discriminative power of the model (AUC: 0.996). During the validation, the model considering demographic and clinical variables along with insulin showed excellent IR discrimination (AUC: 0.978) and maintained high negative predictive values (90%-96.3%) for all models. Conclusion: Models based on demographic and clinical variables can be advantageously used to identify children and adolescents at moderate/high risk of IR, who would benefit from fasting insulin evaluation. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Thermoneutral Housing Enables Studies of Vertical Transmission of Obesogenic Diet-Driven Metabolic Diseases; Vertical transmission of obesity is a critical contributor to the unabated obesity pandemic and the associated surge in metabolic diseases. Existing experimental models insufficiently recapitulate “human-like” obesity phenotypes, limiting the discovery of how severe obesity in pregnancy instructs vertical transmission of obesity. Here, via utility of thermoneutral housing and obesogenic diet feeding coupled to syngeneic mating of WT obese female and lean male mice on a C57BL/6 background, we present a tractable, more “human-like” approach to specifically investigate how maternal obesity contributes to offspring health. Using this model, we found that maternal obesity decreased neonatal survival, increased offspring adiposity, and accelerated offspring predisposition to obesity and metabolic disease. We also show that severe maternal obesity was sufficient to skew offspring microbiome and create a proinflammatory gestational environment that correlated with inflammatory changes in the offspring in utero and adulthood. Analysis of a human birth cohort study of mothers with and without obesity and their infants was consistent with mouse study findings of maternal inflammation and offspring weight gain propensity. Together, our results show that dietary induction of obesity in female mice coupled to thermoneutral housing can be used for future mechanistic interrogations of obesity and metabolic disease in pregnancy and vertical transmission of pathogenic traits. © 2023 by the authors.
The association between lipid profile, oxidized LDL and the components of metabolic syndrome with serum mineral status and kidney function in individuals with obesity; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is presented with a cluster of cardio-metabolic risk factors with widespread prevalence. In the present case-control study, we aimed to examine the relationship between several minerals and renal function tests with the components of MetS in individuals with obesity. Methods: This study included 127 individuals with obesity of both gender with or without MetS as the case and control, respectively. MetS was characterized based on the Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) criteria. Anthropometric variables and blood pressure were recorded. Mineral status including serum magnesium, copper, calcium, phosphorous, and iron were measured using standard colorimetric methods. Also, the serum lipid levels, concentrations of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (Ox-LDL), and renal function tests, including total protein, albumin, urea, creatinine, and uric acid were evaluated using commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kits. Results: According to our results, individuals with obesity and MetS had higher levels of waist circumference (WC) and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.05) compared to individuals with obesity and without MetS. Moreover, individuals with obesity and MetS had higher levels of serum total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), insulin, and iron (P < 0.05). In individuals with obesity and MetS, iron and albumin showed a positive relationship with LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations, respectively (P < 0.05 for all of them). Also, there was a positive association between serum magnesium and Ox- LDL in individuals with obesity with MetS. While, in individuals with obesity and without MetS, only a positive association between urea and uric acid with WC was observed (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Our results suggest that disturbed serum lipids in obesity-metabolic syndrome is associated with homeostatic changes in the level of minerals or proteins that are involved in their metabolism. Although, further studies are needed to better explain and clarify the underlying mechanism of observed relationships. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
The role of platelets in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: From pathophysiology to therapeutics; Platelets are one of the key mediators in thrombosis as well as in the progression of many diseases. An increase in platelet activation and a decrease in platelet count is associated with a plethora of liver diseases. In non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), platelets are highly activated and participate in the disease progression by enhancing the pro-thrombotic and pro-inflammatory state. Some altered platelet parameters such as mean platelet volume, plateletcrits, and platelet distribution width, aspartate transaminase to platelet ratio index, liver stiffness to platelet ratio and red cell distribution width to platelet ratio were found to be associated with NAFLD disease. Further, platelet contributes to the progression of cardiovascular complications in NAFLD is gaining the researcher's attention. An elevated mean platelet volume is known to enhance the risk of stroke, atherosclerosis, thrombosis, and myocardial infarction in NAFLD. Evidence also suggested that modulation in platelet function using aspirin, ticlopidine, and cilostazol help in controlling the NAFLD progression. Future research should focus on antiplatelet therapy as a treatment strategy that can control platelet activation in NAFLD as well as its cardiovascular risk. In the present review, we have detailed the role of platelets in NAFLD and its cardiovascular complications. We further aimed to highlight the growing need for antiplatelet therapy in NAFLD. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine”: maternal vitamin D status and supplementation in pregnancy and their effect on neonatal and childhood outcomes; Vitamin D (VD) plays a crucial role in regulating calcium homeostasis, while the wealth of its pleiotropic actions is gaining increasing research interest. Sufficient VD concentrations are of clinical relevance, particularly in the context of physiological alterations, such as those occurring during pregnancy when maternal VD is the sole source for the developing fetus. As a result, inadequate VD concentrations in pregnancy have been associated with perinatal complications and adverse neonatal outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, increased rates of cesarean section, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age infants, poor immune and skeletal growth, allergies, and respiratory infections. Over the past few decades, several observational studies have underlined the important role of maternal VD in the neural, musculoskeletal, and psychomotor growth and bone health of the offspring. However, the complexity of the factors involved in regulating and assessing VD homeostasis, including race, sun exposure, dietary habits, and laboratory measurement techniques, makes the interpretation of relevant research findings challenging. The aim of this narrative review is to summarize the evidence on the importance of VD in maintaining optimal health during pregnancy, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Hellenic Endocrine Society.
Decoding the Influence of Obesity on Prostate Cancer and Its Transgenerational Impact; In recent decades, the escalating prevalence of metabolic disorders, notably obesity and being overweight, has emerged as a pressing concern in public health. Projections for the future indicate a continual upward trajectory in obesity rates, primarily attributable to unhealthy dietary patterns and sedentary lifestyles. The ramifications of obesity extend beyond its visible manifestations, intricately weaving a web of hormonal dysregulation, chronic inflammation, and oxidative stress. This nexus of factors holds particular significance in the context of carcinogenesis, notably in the case of prostate cancer (PCa), which is a pervasive malignancy and a leading cause of mortality among men. A compelling hypothesis arises from the perspective of transgenerational inheritance, wherein genetic and epigenetic imprints associated with obesity may wield influence over the development of PCa. This review proposes a comprehensive exploration of the nuanced mechanisms through which obesity disrupts prostate homeostasis and serves as a catalyst for PCa initiation. Additionally, it delves into the intriguing interplay between the transgenerational transmission of both obesity-related traits and the predisposition to PCa. Drawing insights from a spectrum of sources, ranging from in vitro and animal model research to human studies, this review endeavors to discuss the intricate connections between obesity and PCa. However, the landscape remains partially obscured as the current state of knowledge unveils only fragments of the complex mechanisms linking these phenomena. As research advances, unraveling the associated factors and underlying mechanisms promises to unveil novel avenues for understanding and potentially mitigating the nexus between obesity and the development of PCa. © 2023 by the authors.
Olfr78, a novel short-chain fatty acid receptor, regulates glucose homeostasis and gut GLP-1 secretion in mice; Olfr78, which is a novel receptor for short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) acetate and propionate, plays essential roles in some cellular processes. The present study aimed to investigate the role of olfr78 in regulating energy metabolism and delineate the underlying mechanisms using olfr78−/− mice. Deletion of olfr78 did not influence the adiposity of mice fed either normal chow or a high-fat diet (HFD). However, olfr78−/− mice exhibited glucometabolic dysfunction, as evidenced by increased fasting blood glucose levels, decreased serum insulin levels, and impaired oral glucose tolerance under HFD feeding. When compared to wild-type (WT) mice, olfr78 deficiency enhanced HFD-induced gluconeogenesis and increased the mRNA expression of key gluconeogenic genes in the liver and kidney. Quantitative real-time PCR results revealed that olfr78 expression was higher in the colon compared with other tissues in WT mice. Analysis of the gut microbiota in the feces of olfr78−/− mice using 16S rRNA gene sequencing revealed altered relative abundances of some representative SCFAs producers along with decreased levels of SCFAs, including propionic, isobutyric, 2-methylbutyric, valeric, isovaleric, and 4-methylvaleric acids. Importantly, mice lacking olfr78 had low circulating levels of glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1). In the STC-1 enteroendocrine cell line, propionate and acetate induced the secretion of the gut hormone GLP-1, and this effect was partially abolished by olfr78 siRNA-mediated knockdown. Together, these results suggest a previously undescribed, specific regulatory role for gut olfr78 in glucose homeostasis and highlight olfr78 as a potential target for diabetes treatment. © 2023 The Authors. Food Frontiers published by NCU, NWU, JSU, ZJU & FAFU and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Potential diagnostic markers and biological mechanism for osteoarthritis with obesity based on bioinformatics analysis; Numerous observational studies have shown that obesity (OB) is a significant risk factor in the occurrence and progression of osteoarthritis (OA), but the underlying molecular mechanism between them remains unclear. The study aimed to identify the key genes and pathogeneses for OA with OB. We obtained two OA and two OB datasets from the gene expression omnibus (GEO) database. First, the identification of differentially expressed genes (DEGs), weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA), and machine learning algorithms were used to identify key genes for diagnosing OA with OB, and then the nomogram and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve were conducted to assess the diagnostic value of key genes. Second, Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) analyses were performed to explore the pathogenesis of OA with OB. Third, CIBERSORT was created to investigate immunocyte dysregulation in OA and OB. In this study, two genes (SOD2, ZNF24) were finally identified as key genes for OA with OB. These two key genes had high diagnostic values via nomogram and ROC curve calculation. Additionally, functional analysis emphasized that oxidative stress and inflammation response were shared pathogenesis of OB and AD. Finally, in OA and OB, immune infiltration analysis showed that SOD2 closely correlated to M2 macrophages, regulatory T cells, and CD8 T cells, and ZNF24 correlated to regulatory T cells. Overall, our findings might be new biomarkers or potential therapeutic targets for OA and OB comorbidity. Copyright: © 2023 Li et al.
Naringenin promotes the expression of oxidized myofibers via the PKA signaling pathway in C57BL/6J mice and C2C12 cells; Naringenin, a citrus-derived flavonoid, has been reported to positively exert skeletal muscle function. The study designed to explore the potential role and mechanisms of naringenin on regulating the expression of oxidized myofibrils in mice and C2C12 myotubes. In this study, we found that naringenin supplementation significantly improved exercise endurance and oxygen consumption of mice, and also increased aerobic enzyme activity and oxidative myofibers expression in skeletal muscle and C2C12 cells. Meanwhile, naringenin activated the expression of p-PKA/PKA, p-LKB1/LKB1, p-AMPK/AMPK and PGC-1α in skeletal muscle. Furthermore, in vitro studies shown that inhibition of PKA, LKB1 and AMPK could attenuate naringenin-regulated increase in slow muscle fiber proteins. This study suggests that naringenin supplementation can enhance slow myofiber expression by activating the PKA signaling pathway in C57BL/6J mice and C2C12 myotubes. These findings provide a new application of naringenin as a natural candidate to regulate oxidized fiber types and endurance of skeletal muscle. © 2023 The Authors
Associations of early pregnancy serum uric acid levels with risk of gestational diabetes and birth outcomes: a retrospective cohort study; Background: Previous evidence suggests that higher blood uric acid (UA) levels are associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes during pregnancy and subsequent birth outcomes. However, it has been relatively unclear whether these associations persist in normotensive pregnant women. Methods: The study was based on a retrospective analysis of 18,250 mother-infant pairs in a large obstetric center in China. Serum UA concentrations in early pregnancy (median: 17.6, IQR: 16.3, 18.6 gestational weeks) were assessed. Hyperuricemia was defined as ≥ one standard deviation (SD) of the reference value for the corresponding gestational age. Outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth (PB), low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia, small for gestational age (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA) were extracted from the medical records. Results: The mean maternal UA level was 0.22 ± 0.05 mmol/L, and 2,896 (15.9%) subjects had hyperuricemia. After adjustment for several covariates, UA was associated with several adverse outcomes. The ORs (95%CI) per one SD increase in serum UA concentration were 1.250 (1.136, 1.277) for GDM, 1.137 (1.060, 1.221) for PB, 1.134 (1.051, 1.223) for LBW, and 1.077 (1.020, 1.137) for SGA, respectively. Similar adverse associations were found between hyperuricemia and GDM, PB (ORs: 1.394 and 1.385, P < 0.001), but not for LBW, macrosomia, SGA, and LGA. Adverse associations tended to be more pronounced in subjects with higher BMI for outcomes including PB, LBW, and SGA (P interaction = 0.001–0.028). Conclusion: Higher UA levels in early pregnancy were associated with higher risk of GDM, PB, LBW, and SGA in normotensive Chinese women. © 2023, The Author(s).
Indian Academy of Pediatrics Revised Guidelines on Evaluation, Prevention and Management of Childhood Obesity; Justification: The last guidelines for pediatric obesity were released in 2004 by Indian Academy of Pediatrics (IAP). Since then, there has been an alarming increase in prevalence and a significant shift in our understanding in the pathogenesis, risk factors, evaluation, and management of pediatric obesity and its complications. Thus, it was decided to revise and update the previous recommendations. Objectives: To review the existing literature on the burden of childhood obesity and its underlying etiology and risk factors. To recommend evaluation of childhood obesity and suggest optimum prevention and management strategies of childhood obesity. Process: The following IAP chapters (Pediatric and Adolescent Endocrinology, Infant and Young Child feeding, Nutrition, Non-Communicable Disease and Adolescent Health Academy) were invited to nominate members to become part of the writing committee. The Committee held discussions on various aspects of childhood obesity through online meetings between February and August, 2023. Recommendations were then formulated, which were analyzed, revised and approved by all members of the Committee. Recommendations: Exogenous or primary obesity accounts for the majority of cases of childhood obesity. It is important to differentiate it from endogenous or secondary obesity as evaluation and management changes depending on the cause. In Indian, in children under 5 years of age, weight for length/height using WHO charts, and in children 5–18 years, BMI using IAP 2015 charts is used to diagnose overweight and obesity. Waist circumference should be routinely measured in all overweight and obese children and plotted on India specific charts, as it is a key measure of cardio-metabolic risk. Routine evaluation for endocrine causes is not recommended, except in short and obese children with additional diagnostic clues. All obese children more than ten years old should be evaluated for comorbidities like hypertension, dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease/metabolic dysfunction associated steatotic liver disease (NAFLD/MASLD). Prevention and management of childhood obesity mainly involves healthy diet practices, daily moderate to vigorous physical activity and reduced screen time. Pharmacotherapy may be offered as an addition to lifestyle interventions only in cases of class 3 obesity or if there are any life-threatening comorbidities. Finally, surgical management may be offered in children older than 12 years of age with class 2 obesity and associated comorbidities or class 3 obesity with/without comorbidities, only after failure of a proper trial of intense lifestyle modifications and pharmacotherapy for at least 6 months. © 2023, Indian Academy of Pediatrics.
Copper levels, Cadmium toxicity and presence of Taste anomalies as predictors for early diagnosis of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; The global prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has been observed to escalate annually. However, studies also report a higher prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes. This results in disease progression accompanied with development of macro and micro complications. Taste disorders are significant clinical manifestations for diabetes which have been ignored in majority of the cases. Certain trace elements are identified to be associated with the development and progression of diabetes and are also established to activate or suppress the functioning of human taste receptors. This study aims at determining the serum trace element concentrations in diabetic (n =153) and non-diabetic (n=153) subjects who have been screened for taste perception anomalies. Linear correlation of trace metal levels with glucose levels showed a slightly positive association of Cu, Cr and Cd with FBG. Multiple logistic regression model predicted Cu levels, Cd toxicity and taste anomaly as significant biomarkers for T2DM. This would enable early diagnosis of T2DM, thus facilitating appropriate medical intervention to avoid multiple complications in T2DM individuals. © 2023 World Research Association. All rights reserved.
Gremlin-1 in pregnancy and postpartum: relation to the fatty liver index, markers of bone health, glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus status; Introduction: Gremlin-1 is a peptide that functions as an antagonist to bone morphogenic proteins and is overexpressed in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Gremlin-1 has not yet been investigated in pregnancy, pregnancy-related insulin resistance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Patients and methods: Gremlin-1 levels were measured throughout the pregnancy of 58 women at high risk for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna. Furthermore, an oral glucose tolerance test, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, sex hormones, blood lipids, liver and renal parameters, and markers of bone development were evaluated at two points during pregnancy (< 20 weeks of gestation (GW), GW 24–28) and 12–14 weeks postpartum. Results: Gremlin-1 levels decreased from < 20 GW (mean = 9.2 pg/ml, SD = 8.4 pg/ml) to GW 24–28 (mean = 6.7 pg/ml, SD = 5.7 pg/ml, p = 0.033) and increased again postpartum, albeit not significantly (mean = 10.7 pg/ml, SD = 13.1 pg/ml, p = 0.339). During pregnancy, Gremlin-1 levels correlated negatively with osteocalcin and procollagen type I aminoterminal propeptide (P1NP), markers of bone health. Concerning glucose metabolism, Gremlin-1 levels were inversely related to the Insulinogenic Index at GW < 20. However, Gremlin-1 levels were not significantly different between women with normal glucose tolerance and GDM during pregnancy. Postpartum, Gremlin-1 was associated with the fatty liver index, osteocalcin levels, diastolic blood pressure and weight. Conclusion: Gremlin-1 levels decreased significantly during pregnancy. The biomarker is not related to GDM status, but correlates negatively with the Insulinogenic Index, an index related to beta cell function. Trial Registry Number ACTRN12616000924459. © 2023, The Author(s).
Natural compounds efficacy in complicated diabetes: A new twist impacting ferroptosis; Ferroptosis, as a way of cell death, participates in the body's normal physiological and pathological regulation. Recent studies have shown that ferroptosis may damage glucose-stimulated islets β Insulin secretion and programmed cell death of T2DM target organs are involved in the pathogenesis of T2DM and its complications. Targeting suppression of ferroptosis with specific inhibitors may provide new therapeutic opportunities for previously untreated T2DM and its target organs. Current studies suggest that natural bioactive compounds, which are abundantly available in drugs, foods, and medicinal plants for the treatment of T2DM and its target organs, have recently received significant attention for their various biological activities and minimal toxicity, and that many natural compounds appear to have a significant role in the regulation of ferroptosis in T2DM and its target organs. Therefore, this review summarized the potential treatment strategies of natural compounds as ferroptosis inhibitors to treat T2DM and its complications, providing potential lead compounds and natural phytochemical molecular nuclei for future drug research and development to intervene in ferroptosis in T2DM. © 2023 The Authors
A Scoping Review of the Clinical Evidence for the Health Benefits of Culinary Doses of Herbs and Spices for the Prevention and Treatment of Metabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a growing global health problem. Evidence suggests that diets rich in phytochemical-containing herbs and spices can contribute to reducing the risk of chronic diseases. This review assesses the scope of evidence supporting the use of herbs and spices in the diet for the prevention or treatment of MetS and its associated health conditions. A search of the PubMed, Scopus and Google Scholar databases was carried out to assess the available clinical evidence for culinary doses of commonly used herbs and spices. Trials that were measuring health factors related to metabolic disorders in healthy individuals, or the health of individuals with MetS or associated diseases, were included. Out of a total of 1738 papers identified, there were 142 relevant studies on black pepper, chilli, cardamom, cinnamon, coriander, cumin, fennel, fenugreek, garlic, ginger, nigella seed, rosemary, sage and turmeric. No relevant research was found for cloves, mint, oregano, parsley or thyme. Cinnamon, fenugreek and ginger were the herbs/spices with the most published trials on them and that showed promise for glycaemic control. Cardamom appears to have potential to reduce inflammatory markers, and cinnamon, ginger and turmeric to reduce blood lipids. Patients with type 2 diabetes were the population most likely to be included in studies, but the preventative benefits of herbs/spices in healthy populations were also investigated, particularly for chilli, ginger and cinnamon. There is evidence for the beneficial effect of culinary doses of many common herbs/spices in the prevention and treatment of MetS and associated disorders. © 2023 by the authors.
N6-methyladenosine RNA modification in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease worldwide, influencing numerous regulatory axes and extrahepatic vital organs. The molecular mechanisms that lead to the progression of NAFLD remain unclear and knowledge on the pathways causing hepatocellular damage followed by lipid accumulation is limited. Recently, a number of studies have shown that mRNA N6-methyladenosine (m6A) modification contributes to the progression of NAFLD. In this review, we summarize current knowledge on m6A modification in the metabolic processes associated with NAFLD and discuss the challenges of and prospects for therapeutic avenues based on m6A regulation for the treatment of liver disease. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
fetuin-a as a marker of insulin resistance; Fetuin-a is a glycoprotein which helps in the regulation of metab¬olism. It is an early marker of insulin resistance (ir). The aim of this study ttm to evaluate the role of fetuin-a as a predictive bi- omarker in cases of newly delected type 2 diabetes (\'dd). The study involved 60 ndd and 60 normal healthy controls (nhc). All the demographics and anthropological characteristics were noted. Fasting blood samples here drawn and various biochemi¬cal parameters were analyzed. The homeostatic model assess¬ment of insulin resistance (homa-ir) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (quick!) Score was calculated. Chi- square. Student t-test and mann whitney v tests were employed to associate and compare the mean and median between the ndd and nhc groups. Pearson's and spearman's correlation analysis were employed to examine the relationship of fetuin-a levels with parametric and nonparametric variables. The independent pre¬dictors of fetuin-a was determined by employing multiple for¬ward linear regression. Fetuin-a was significantly high in ndd compared to nhc (1323 vs. 306.98 mcg/ml; p<0.001). Majority of ndd patients demonstrated 1r based on the homa-ir (88.33% vs. 66.67%) and quick! Score (96.67% vs. 85%). The multiple linear regression analysis showed that systolic blood pressure, age and quick1 score were independently associated with fetuin-a (p value <0.01). Fetuin-a may be used as a bi- omarker to delect ndd. Therefore, early detection of fetuin-a levels in ndd gives an opportunity for suitable patient manage¬ment. © 2023 The Author(s).
Effects of physical activity and exercise on Nucleobindin-2 gene expression and Nesfatin-1 concentration: A rapid review; The aim of this rapid review is to examine the research evidence that presents the effects of physical activity and exercise on Nucleobindin-2 (NUCB2) gene expression and Nesfatin-1 concentration. Five databases (PubMed, Science Direct, Springer, Wiley, and Google Scholar) were searched for eligible studies from the earliest available date to August 2023. In human studies, Nesfatin-1 concentration either remains unchanged or increases after exercise training. It appears that higher exercise intensity and longer duration of training accentuate the increase of blood Nesfatin-1 concentration. The few human studies that have examined the acute response of exercise on Nesfatin-1 concentration from blood draws show conflicting results. There is a severe lack of biopsy studies in humans which warrants attention. All published animal studies have used the mouse model. The majority show that regular exercise training increases tissue NUCB2/Nesfatin-1. In some animal studies, where the effects of exercise on tissue Nesfatin-1 concentration has been seen as significant, there has been no significant effect of exercise on plasma Nesfatin-1 concentration. All animal studies evaluated the effect of endurance training except one which used resistance training. No animal studies have investigated the effects of acute exercise, which warrants investigation. In conclusion, human and animal studies have shown that physical training can increase NUCB2/Nesfatin-1, but research evidence examining the effect of acute exercise is in its infancy. In addition, future comparative studies are needed to compare the effects of different training protocols on NUCB2/Nesfatin-1 in humans and animals. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
High-fat-diet induced inflammation and apoptosis via activation of Ire1α in liver and hepatocytes of black seabream (Acanthopagrus schlegelii); The present study aimed to reveal the role of inositol-requiring enzyme 1α (Ire1α) in mediating high-fat-diet (HFD) induced inflammation and apoptosis in fish and elucidate underling mechanisms of action. In experiment 1, black seabream juveniles were fed a control diet (Control, 12 % dietary lipid) or a high fat diet (HFD, 19 % dietary lipid) for eight weeks. In experiment 2, primary hepatocytes were isolated from black seabream juveniles and treated with oleic acid (OA, 200 μmol/L), OA + transfection with non-silencing control siRNA (negative control) (OA + NC), and OA + transfection with ire1α-small interfering RNA (OA + siire1α) for 48 h versus untreated (Control). Results indicated that fish fed HFD increased lipid deposition in the liver and caused hepatic steatosis. HFD group had significantly higher ire1α/Ire1α mRNA and phosphorylated protein expression and endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) related genes expression compared to the Control group, indicating that ERS was triggered. Meanwhile, feeding HFD induced inflammation and apoptosis by evaluated nuclear factor kappa B (nf-κb) mRNA and phosphorylated Nf-κb p65 protein expression, and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (jnk) mRNA and protein expression. However, knock down of ire1α (OA + siire1α) in primary hepatocytes alleviated OA-induced increased expression of ire1α/Ire1α mRNA and protein expression, nf-κb/Nf-κb p65 mRNA and phosphorylated protein expression, and jnk/Jnk mRNA and phosphorylated protein expression. These findings revealed the underling mechanism of action of HFD in fish, confirming that HFD increased ESR stress and Ire1α that, in turn, activated Nf-κb and Jnk pathways in hepatocytes and liver mediating HFD-induced inflammation and apoptosis. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Effect of a Diet-Induced Obesity on the Progeny Response in a Murine Model; Diet-induced obesity could have detrimental effects on adults and their progeny. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of a high-energy diet on both F1 mice body weight and tissue/organ weight and F2 offspring growth. A simple murine model for obesity was developed using a high-energy diet and mice reared in litters of five or ten, from 30 dams receiving a cafeteria diet of either commercial chow (low energy), or a mixture of commercial chow, chocolate (50% cacao), and salty peanuts (high energy). This diet continued from mating until weaning, when the pups were allocated according to sex into eight groups based on maternal diet, litter size, and post-weaning diet. On day 74, the males were slaughtered, and the females were bred then slaughtered after lactation. As a result, the high-energy maternal diet increased the F1 offspring growth during lactation, while the high-energy post-weaning diet increased the F1 adult body weight and tissue/organ weight. The high-energy maternal diet could negatively affect the onset of the F1 but not the maintenance of breastfeeding of F1 and F2 offspring. For F2 offspring growth, the high energy overlapped the low-energy post-weaning diet, due to problems of gaining weight during lactation. © 2023 by the authors.
Endocrine, genetic, and microbiome nexus of obesity and potential role of postbiotics: a narrative review; Obesity is a public health crisis, presenting a huge burden on health care and the economic system in both developed and developing countries. According to the WHO’s latest report on obesity, 39% of adults of age 18 and above are obese, with an increase of 18% compared to the last few decades. Metabolic energy imbalance due to contemporary lifestyle, changes in gut microbiota, hormonal imbalance, inherent genetics, and epigenetics is a major contributory factor to this crisis. Multiple studies have shown that probiotics and their metabolites (postbiotics) supplementation have an effect on obesity-related effects in vitro, in vivo, and in human clinical investigations. Postbiotics such as the SCFAs suppress obesity by regulating metabolic hormones such as GLP-1, and PPY thus reducing feed intake and suppressing appetite. Furthermore, muramyl di-peptides, bacteriocins, and LPS have been tested against obesity and yielded promising results in both human and mice studies. These insights provide an overview of targetable pharmacological sites and explore new opportunities for the safer use of postbiotics against obesity in the future. © 2023, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Bisphenol A (BPA) and Cardiovascular or Cardiometabolic Diseases; Bisphenol A (BPA; 4,4′-isopropylidenediphenol) is a well-known endocrine disruptor. Most human exposure to BPA occurs through the consumption of BPA-contaminated foods. Cardiovascular or cardiometabolic diseases such as diabetes, obesity, hypertension, acute kidney disease, chronic kidney disease, and heart failure are the leading causes of death worldwide. Positive associations have been reported between blood or urinary BPA levels and cardiovascular or cardiometabolic diseases. BPA also induces disorders or dysfunctions in the tissues associated with these diseases through various cell signaling pathways. This review highlights the literature elucidating the relationship between BPA and various cardiovascular or cardiometabolic diseases and the potential mechanisms underlying BPA-mediated disorders or dysfunctions in tissues such as blood vessels, skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, liver, pancreas, kidney, and heart that are associated with these diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Lentinan, β-glucan from Shiitake (Lentinula edodes): A review on structure, conformational transition, and gastro-intestinal interaction contributing towards its anti-diabetic potential; Background: Lentinan (LNT), a β-glucan in Shiitake mushroom (Lentinula edodes) has attracted attention for its potent biofunctionalities and immune-boosting properties. Despite comprehensive research into its chemical structure and conformation transitions, the exact mechanism of digestion and absorption remains a subject of exploration, especially its potential hypoglycemic effects. The conformation-dependent functionality of LNT in relation to hypoglycemic effects has yielded inconclusive results and health benefits. With an increasing number of individuals affected by type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM), elucidating the mechanism to unlock its nutraceutical potential is crucial. Scope and approach: LNT's therapeutic potential as an antidiabetic drug lies in its ability to limit hyperglycemic effects. The review compiles fragmented information on LNT's configuration, structural characteristics, interactions in the gastrointestinal tract, and bioavailability with the aim of bridging the gap between in vivo and in vitro studies. Additionally, examining the bioavailability of LNT and addressing associated issues will encourage greater acceptance of Shiitake as a functional food supplement. Key findings and conclusions: This up-to-the-minute review provides a comprehensive overview of LNT's structural characteristics with respect to hypoglycemia in the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) modulating the glucose milieu. Additionally, it outlines the possible anti-diabetic mechanisms like regulation of carbohydrate digestion and absorption, hepatic oxidative stress, lipotoxicity, insulin sensitivity, advanced glycation end products (AGE) formation, redox stress, short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) formation, and gut-brain axis-induced satiety. This review presents these insights for the first time providing a foundation for unraveling LNT's mechanism, standardizing bioactivity assessment, and emphasizing the need for clinical trials to validate its potential as a superfood in diabetes management. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal inulin alleviates high-fat diet-induced lipid disorder in offspring by epigenetically modulating hypothalamus feeding circuit-related genes; Increasing evidence supports the existence of fetal-originated adult diseases. Recent research indicates that the intrauterine environment affects the fetal hypothalamic energy intake center. Inulin is a probiotic that can moderate metabolic disorders, but whether maternal inulin intervention confers long-term metabolic benefits to lipid metabolism in offspring in their adult lives and the mechanism involved are unknown. Here, we used a maternal overnutrition model that was induced by excess energy intake before and during pregnancy and lactation and maternal inulin intervention was performed during pregnancy and lactation. The hypothalamic genome methylation in offspring was analyzed using a methylation array. The results showed that maternal inulin treatment modified the maternal high-fat diet (HFD)-induced increases in body weight, adipose tissue weight, and serum insulin and leptin levels and decreases in serum adiponectin levels. Maternal inulin intervention regulated the impairments in hypothalamic leptin resistance, induced the methylation of Socs3, Npy, and Il6, and inhibited the methylation of Lepr in the hypothalamus of offspring. In conclusion, maternal inulin intervention modifies offspring lipid metabolism, and the underlying mechanism involves the methylation of genes in the hypothalamus feeding circuit. © 2024 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Transgenerational Epigenetic DNA Methylation Editing and Human Disease; During gestation, maternal (F0), embryonic (F1), and migrating primordial germ cell (F2) genomes can be simultaneously exposed to environmental influences. Accumulating evidence suggests that operating epi- or above the genetic DNA sequence, covalent DNA methylation (DNAme) can be recorded onto DNA in response to environmental insults, some sites which escape normal germline erasure. These appear to intrinsically regulate future disease propensity, even transgenerationally. Thus, an organism’s genome can undergo epigenetic adjustment based on environmental influences experienced by prior generations. During the earliest stages of mammalian development, the three-dimensional presentation of the genome is dramatically changed, and DNAme is removed genome wide. Why, then, do some pathological DNAme patterns appear to be heritable? Are these correctable? In the following sections, I review concepts of transgenerational epigenetics and recent work towards programming transgenerational DNAme. A framework for editing heritable DNAme and challenges are discussed, and ethics in human research is introduced. © 2023 by the author.
Maternal pea fiber supplementation to a high calorie diet in obese pregnancies protects male offspring from metabolic dysfunction in adulthood; We investigated the influence of maternal yellow-pea fiber supplementation in obese pregnancies on offspring metabolic health in adulthood. Sixty newly-weaned female Sprague-Dawley rats were randomized to either a low-calorie control diet (CON) or high calorie obesogenic diet (HC) for 6-weeks. Obese animals were then fed either the HC diet alone or the HC diet supplemented with yellow-pea fiber (HC + FBR) for an additional 4-weeks prior to breeding and throughout gestation and lactation. On postnatal day (PND) 21, 1 male and 1 female offspring from each dam were weaned onto the CON diet until adulthood (PND 120) for metabolic phenotyping. Adult male, but not female, HC offspring demonstrated increased body weight and feed intake vs CON offspring, however no protection was offered by maternal FBR supplementation. HC male and female adult offspring demonstrated increased serum glucose and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) compared with CON offspring. Maternal FBR supplementation improved glycemic control in male, but not female offspring. Compared with CON offspring, male offspring from HC dams demonstrated marked dyslipidemia (higher serum cholesterol, increased number of TG-rich lipoproteins, and smaller LDL particles) which was largely normalized in offspring from HC + FBR mothers. Male offspring born to obese mothers (HC) had higher hepatic TG, which tended to be lowered (p = 0.07) by maternal FBR supplementation. Supplementation of a maternal high calorie diet with yellow-pea fiber in prepregnancy and throughout gestation and lactation protects male offspring from metabolic dysfunction in the absence of any change in body weight status in adulthood.  © The Author(s), 2024. Published by Cambridge University Press in association with The International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD).
Metabolic Syndrome: A Narrative Review from the Oxidative Stress to the Management of Related Diseases; Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a growing disorder affecting thousands of people worldwide, especially in industrialised countries, increasing mortality. Oxidative stress, hyperglycaemia, insulin resistance, inflammation, dysbiosis, abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidaemia and hypertension are important factors linked to MS clusters of different pathologies, such as diabesity, cardiovascular diseases and neurological disorders. All biochemical changes observed in MS, such as dysregulation in the glucose and lipid metabolism, immune response, endothelial cell function and intestinal microbiota, promote pathological bridges between metabolic syndrome, diabesity and cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disorders. This review aims to summarise metabolic syndrome’s involvement in diabesity and highlight the link between MS and cardiovascular and neurological diseases. A better understanding of MS could promote a novel strategic approach to reduce MS comorbidities. © 2023 by the authors.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors alleviate cognitive dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are commonly at high risk for developing cognitive dysfunction. Antidiabetic agents might be repurposed for targeting cognitive dysfunction in addition to modulation on glucose homeostasis. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4i) on cognitive function in T2DM. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library and Web of Science were systematically searched from inception to September 30, 2023. Weighted mean differences were calculated using the Mantel-Haenszel (M-H) fixed or random effects model based on the degree of heterogeneity among studies. Heterogeneity was evaluated using a Chi-squared test and quantified with Higgins I2. Sensitivity analysis was performed with the leave-one-out method, and publication bias was evaluated according to Begg’s and Egger’s tests. Results: Six clinical trials involving 5,178 participants were included in the pooled analysis. Administration of DPP-4i generally correlated with an increase of Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scores (1.09, 95% CI: 0.22 to 1.96). DPP-4i alleviated cognitive impairment in the copying skill subdomain of MMSE (0.26, 95% CI: 0.12 to 0.40). Treatment with DPP-4i also resulted in an increase of Instrumental Activities of Daily Living (IADL) scores (0.82, 95% CI: 0.30 to 1.34). However, DPP-4i produced no significant effects on Barthel Activities of Daily Living (BADL) scores (0.37, 95% CI: -1.26 to 1.99) or other test scores. Conclusions: DPP-4i treatment favourably improved cognitive function in patients with T2DM. Further trials with larger samples should be performed to confirm these estimates and investigate the association of different DPP-4i with cognitive function among diabetic patients. Trial registration in PROSPERO: CRD42023430873. © 2023, The Author(s).
Glycerol monolaurate improves growth, lipid utilization and antioxidative status of white-leg shrimp, Penaeus vannamei fed with varying protein-lipid diets reared in inland saline water; Higher lipid at suboptimum dietary protein level can be a suitable approach to formulate cost-effective feed for cultured fish. However, excess lipid may cause metabolic burden to animals resulted in growth retardation with lipid deposition. Therefore, a feeding trial of 60 days was conducted to assess the effect of glycerol monolaurate (GML) supplemented in varying protein and lipid diets on growth, lipid utilization, antioxidant status and biochemical indices of white-leg shrimp, Penaeus vannamei juveniles reared in inland saline water (ISW). Accordingly, three hetero-lipidic (5–9% lipid), hetero-nitrogenous (30–36% CP), and hetero-energetic (379–400 Kcal DE/100 g) diets with three levels of GML (0%, 0.07% and 0.1%) were formulated for nine diets viz. P36L5G0 (36% CP, 5% lipid and 0% GML), P36L5G0.07 (36% CP, 5% lipid and 0.07% GML), P36L5G0.1 (36% CP, 5% lipid and 0.1% GML), P33L7G0 (33% CP, 7% lipid and 0% GML), P33L7G0.07 (33% CP, 7% lipid and 0.07% GML), P33L7G0.1 (33% CP, 7% lipid and 0.1% GML), P30L9G0 (30% CP, 9% lipid and 0% GML), P30L9G0.07 (30% CP, 9% lipid and 0.07% GML) and P30L9G0.1 (30% CP, 9% lipid and 0.1% GML). Five hundred and forty P. vannamei juveniles (4.02 ± 0.01 g) were randomly distributed following 3 × 3 factorial design. Highest (p < 0.05) weight gain. Specific growth rate, protein efficiency ratio, lipid efficiency ratio, whole body protein with lowest feed conversion ratio, whole body lipid, and hepatopancreas–somatic index was recorded in P33L7G0.1 group. Hepatopancreatic amylase and lipase activities increased (p < 0.05) significantly while protease activity decreased in relation to increased levels of dietary lipid. However, supplementing GML resulted in increased (p < 0.05) activity of all digestive enzymes and highest activity was found in 0.1% GML fed group. Lipid metabolic enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 activities were found maximum (p < 0.05) in P33L7G0.1 group and lowest in P36L5G0 group. Hepatopancreatic and branchial superoxide dismutase and catalase activities showed a decreased (p < 0.05) and increased trend with dietary lipid levels, while GML reduced the activities and lowest activity recorded in P33L7G0.1 group. Shrimps of 9% lipid group exhibited highest serum malondialdehyde, glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride levels but 0.1% GML significantly showed the lowest levels that other groups. Higher hemocyanin and total protein observed in 33% dietary protein and 0.1% GML fed group. Therefore, 33% protein, 7% lipid with 0.1% GML is optimum for maximum growth performance, lipid utilization, whole body protein, and antioxidative status of white-leg shrimp, P. vannamei juveniles reared in ISW of 10 ppt. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Role of food supplements in diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is one of the prevailing metabolic disorders affecting globally. The current data says around 422 million people are affected with diabetes globally and this fact of global spreading is very well understood by the recognized institutions such as WHO, USDA, IDF, and CDA. Prediabetes, type 1, type 2, gestational diabetes, and other specific etiologic types are a few important classes of diabetes with urbanization, lifestyle, and genetic susceptibility as the main cause. Diet and supplements had a great role in prevention as well as management of diabetes, even the long-term complications of diabetes can be prevented or delayed. The common dietary supplements recommended in diabetes are micronutrients, antioxidants, dietary fibers, vitamins, and phyto foods. The details of all these dietary materials beneficial in diabetes along with examples, source, role, mechanism, and other recent research are explained in the chapter. © 2024 Apple Academic Press, Inc. Co-published with CRC Press (Taylor & Francis). All rights reserved.
DISTURBANCES IN PLASMA ALIPHATIC AND AROMATIC AMINO ACIDS METABOLOMIC PROFILES IN EGYPTIAN OBESE WOMEN; Background: According to the World Health Organization (WHO), Egypt ranks 18th with the highest prevalence of obesity worldwide. The impact of obesity is a result of its comorbidities rather than a direct effect. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to investigate its risk factors to establish its potential preventive strategies for future complications. This study aimed at investigating the disturbances in aliphatic and aromatic amino acids profiles in Egyptian obese women. Methods: The study comprised 85 women that were classified into 5 groups (17 each):1- healthy, 2-overweights, 3-moderate obese, 4-severe obese, 5-morbid obese. Plasma metabolomic profile of the previous amino acids was evaluated using an amino acid analyzer. Results: Compared with controls, obese subgroups had significantly stepwise higher levels in the mean plasma levels of tyrosine, total aromatic amino acids (AAA) and alanine together with significantly lower levels of leucine, isoleucine, total branched chain amino acids (BCAA), BCAA/AAA ratio and glycine. Conclusion: Multivariate regression analysis indicated that the significantly elevated circulating alanine levels were good independent predictors for identifying obese patients at risk of associated metabolic disorders. Moreover, the study suggested that AA metabolomic profile can be used as useful tools for early prediction of overweight women. Amino acids-directed regimens intervention could serve as a specific potential targeting strategy for management of obesity. © 2023 Assiut University. All rights reserved.
Effects of high-fat diet on testicular germ cell apoptosis in mice through endoplasmic reticulum stress; Aim To study the effects of high-fat diet on testicular germ cell apoptosis in mice through endoplasmic reticulum stress. Methods C57BL/6J male mice were assigned into normal group and high-fat diet group randomly, with six mice in each group. The mice in normal group or high-fat diet group were fed with regular or high-fat diet continuously for five months. The mice were weighed, anesthetized, and euthanized to collect testicular and epididymal tissue for analysis. The testicular tissue was weighed and their indices were calculated. Epididymal tissue was collected for semen analysis. The morphological alterations of testicular tissue were observed using hematoxylin-eosin ( HE ) staining. The apoptosis of germ cells was detected by TUNEL staining and the apoptotic indices were calculated. The expression levels of apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress-related proteins in testicular tissue were detected by Western blot. The protein expression and localization of GRP78 in testicular tissue were further detected by immunofluorescence. Results The results showed that compared to the normal group, the high-fat diet group had a significant increase in body weight, a significant decrease in testicular index, sperm concentration, and sperm vability, loose arrangement of germ cells, significant thinning of the seminiferous epithelium, no significant change in the diameter of seminiferous tubules, a significant increase in germ cell apoptosis , with an increased apoptosis index, and significant increase in expression of Bax and cleaved-caspase-12,and a significant decrease in Bcl-2 protein expression. The expression levels of GRP78 , p-IREl, XBP1, and ATF6a proteins were significantly up-regulated, while p-PERK, p-eIF2a, ATF4 protein expression showed no significant changes. Immunofluorescence results further showed a significant increase in the expression of GRP78 protein in the testicular tissue,with no significant changes in the expression location. Conclusions High-fat diet can induce the apoptosis of mouse testicular germ cells, and the mechanism may be related to the activation of endoplasmic reticulum stress IRE1 and ATF6 signaling pathway. © 2023 Publication Centre of Anhui Medical University. All rights reserved.
The role of mitochondrial dynamics in the pathophysiology of endometriosis; Aim: Endometriosis is a chronic disease of reproductive age, associated with pelvic pain and infertility. Endometriotic cells adapt to changing environments such as oxidative stress and hypoxia in order to survive. However, the underlying mechanisms remain to be fully elucidated. In this review, we summarize our current understanding of the pathogenesis of endometriosis, focusing primarily on the molecular basis of energy metabolism, redox homeostasis, and mitochondrial function, and discuss perspectives on future research directions. Methods: Papers published up to March 31, 2023 in the PubMed and Google Scholar databases were included in this narrative literature review. Results: Mitochondria serve as a central hub sensing a multitude of physiological processes, including energy production and cellular redox homeostasis. Under hypoxia, endometriotic cells favor glycolysis and actively produce pyruvate, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH), and other metabolites for cell proliferation. Mitochondrial fission and fusion dynamics may regulate the phenotypic plasticity of cellular energy metabolism, that is, aerobic glycolysis or OXPHOS. Endometriotic cells have been reported to have reduced mitochondrial numbers, increased lamellar cristae, improved energy efficiency, and enhanced cell proliferation and survival. Increased mitochondrial fission and fusion turnover by hypoxic and normoxic conditions suggests an activation of mitochondrial quality control mechanisms. Recently, candidate molecules that influence mitochondrial dynamics have begun to be identified. Conclusion: This review suggests that unique energy metabolism and redox homeostasis driven by mitochondrial dynamics may be linked to the pathophysiology of endometriosis. However, further studies are needed to elucidate the regulatory mechanisms of mitochondrial dynamics in endometriosis. © 2023 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Diabetes mellitus: Classification, mediators, and complications; A gate to identify potential targets for the development of new effective treatments; Nowadays, diabetes mellitus has emerged as a significant global public health concern with a remarkable increase in its prevalence. This review article focuses on the definition of diabetes mellitus and its classification into different types, including type 1 diabetes (idiopathic and fulminant), type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hybrid forms, slowly evolving immune-mediated diabetes, ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes, and other special types. Diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus are also discussed. The role of inflammation in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes is explored, along with the mediators and potential anti-inflammatory treatments. Furthermore, the involvement of various organs in diabetes mellitus is highlighted, such as the role of adipose tissue and obesity, gut microbiota, and pancreatic β-cells. The manifestation of pancreatic Langerhans β-cell islet inflammation, oxidative stress, and impaired insulin production and secretion are addressed. Additionally, the impact of diabetes mellitus on liver cirrhosis, acute kidney injury, immune system complications, and other diabetic complications like retinopathy and neuropathy is examined. Therefore, further research is required to enhance diagnosis, prevent chronic complications, and identify potential therapeutic targets for the management of diabetes mellitus and its associated dysfunctions. © 2023 The Authors
Regulation of the gut microbiota by diet and exercise: Improvements in cognition and emotion; The intestinal flora lives in the human intestine, and affects the health of the host through the protection of the intestine and its participation in the regulation of the body's metabolism. Gut microbiota plays a key role in regulating psychological behavior by regulating the integrity of the intestinal barrier, significantly alleviating depression, aversion, and anxiety-like emotions, while also regulating and improving human cognition and emotion. It has been proven that the right intake of probiotics and moderate exercise can maintain the homeostasis of the intestinal microbiota, and effectively regulate the composition and structure of the intestinal flora, thus having a positive effect on the regulation of human cognition and emotion. This review discusses the relationship between gut microbiota and health, and further explores the mechanism of maintaining gut microbiota homeostasis through diet and exercise to improve cognitive ability and emotion. © 2023 The Author(s)
Dietary inflammation index is associated with dyslipidemia: evidence from national health and nutrition examination survey, 1999–2019; Background and aims: This study aimed to investigate the association between the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) and dyslipidemia, as well as to evaluate the mortality risk associated with DII in participants with dyslipidemia. Methods: Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey database were divided into dyslipidemia and non-dyslipidemia groups. The association between DII and dyslipidemia was investigated using the weighted chi-square test, weighted t-test, and weighted logistic regression. Weighted Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for all-cause and cardiovascular disease-related mortality within the dyslipidemia group. Results: A total of 17,820 participants, including 4,839 without and 12,981 with dyslipidemia were analyzed in this study. The results showed that DII was higher in the dyslipidemia group compared to the non-dyslipidemia group (1.42 ± 0.03 vs. 1.23 ± 0.04, P < 0.01). However, for energy, protein, carbohydrates, total fat, saturated fat, and iron, DII was lower in participants with dyslipidemia. Logistic regression analysis revealed a strong positive association between DII and dyslipidemia. The odds ratios for dyslipidemia from Q1 to Q4 were 1.00 (reference), 1.12 (0.96–1.31), 1.23 (1.04–1.44), and 1.33 (1.11–1.59), respectively. In participants with dyslipidemia, a high DII was associated with high all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Conclusion: DII was closely associated with dyslipidemia. A pro-inflammatory diet may play a role in unfavorable consequences and is linked to both all-cause mortality and cardiovascular death in patients with dyslipidemia. Participants with dyslipidemia should pay attention to their anti-inflammatory dietary patterns. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Progress of the application clinical prediction model in polycystic ovary syndrome; Clinical prediction models play an important role in the field of medicine. These can help predict the probability of an individual suffering from disease, complications, and treatment outcomes by applying specific methodologies. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common disease with a high incidence rate, huge heterogeneity, short- and long-term complications, and complex treatments. In this systematic review study, we reviewed the progress of clinical prediction models in PCOS patients, including diagnosis and prediction models for PCOS complications and treatment outcomes. We aimed to provide ideas for medical researchers and clues for the management of PCOS. In the future, models with poor accuracy can be greatly improved by adding well-known parameters and validations, which will further expand our understanding of PCOS in terms of precision medicine. By developing a series of predictive models, we can make the definition of PCOS more accurate, which can improve the diagnosis of PCOS and reduce the likelihood of false positives and false negatives. It will also help discover complications earlier and treatment outcomes being known earlier, which can result in better outcomes for women with PCOS. © 2023, The Author(s).
Dietary intakes of methionine, threonine, lysine, arginine and histidine increased risk of type 2 diabetes in Chinese population: does the mediation effect of obesity exist?; Background: Published studies have shown positive associations of branched chain and aromatic amino acids with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and the findings remain consistent. However, the associations of other essential and semi-essential amino acids, i.e., methionine (Met), threonine (Thr), lysine (Lys), arginine (Arg) and histidine (His), with T2DM remain unknown. Obesity is an important independent risk factor for T2DM, and excessive amino acids can convert into glucose and lipids, which might underlie the associations of amino acids with obesity. Therefore, we aimed to estimate the associations between dietary intakes of these 5 amino acids and T2DM risk, as well as the mediation effects of obesity on these associations, in a Chinese population. Methods: A total of 10,920 participants (57,293 person-years) were included, and dietary intakes of 5 amino acids were investigated using 24-h dietary recalls. Anthropometric obesity indices were measured at both baseline and the follow-up endpoints. Associations of amino acids with T2DM were estimated using COX regression models, hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were shown. The mediation effects of obesity indices were analyzed, and the proportion of the mediation effect was estimated. Results: Higher intakes of the 5 amino acids were associated with increasing T2DM risk, while significant HRs were only shown in men after adjustments. No interaction by gender was found. Regression analyses using quintiles of amino acids intakes showed that T2DM risk was positively associated with amino acids intakes only when comparing participants with the highest intake levels of amino acids to those with the lowest intake levels. Adjusted correlation coefficients between amino acid intakes and obesity indices measured at follow-up endpoints were significantly positive. Mediation analyses showed that mediation effects of obesity indices existed on associations between amino acids intakes and T2DM risk, and the mediation effect of waist circumference remained strongest for each amino acid. Conclusions: We found positive associations of dietary intakes of Met, Thr, Lys, Arg and His with increasing T2DM risk in general Chinese residents, on which the mediation effect of obesity existed. These findings could be helpful for developing more constructive guidance in the primary prevention of T2DM based on dietary interventions. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Follistatin and follistatin-like 3 in metabolic disorders; Follistatin (FST) is a glycoprotein which main role is antagonizing activity of transforming growth factor β superfamily members. Folistatin-related proteins such as follistatin-like 3 (FSTL3) also reveal these properties. The exact function of them has still not been established, but it can be bound to the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders. So far, there were performed a few studies about their role in type 2 diabetes, obesity or gestational diabetes and even less in type 1 diabetes. The outcomes are contradictory and do not allow to draw exact conclusions. In this article we summarize the available information about connections between follistatin, as well as follistatin-like 3, and metabolic disorders. We also emphasize the strong need of performing further research to explain their exact role, especially in the pathogenesis of diabetes and obesity. © 2023 The Authors
Drug Therapies for Diabetes; The treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D) necessitates a multifaceted approach that combines behavioral and pharmacological interventions to mitigate complications and sustain a high quality of life. Treatment encompasses the management of glucose levels, weight, cardiovascular risk factors, comorbidities, and associated complications through medication and lifestyle adjustments. Metformin, a standard in diabetes management, continues to serve as the primary, first-line oral treatment across all age groups due to its efficacy, versatility in combination therapy, and cost-effectiveness. Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA) offer notable benefits for HbA1c and weight reduction, with significant cardiovascular benefits. Sodium-glucose cotransporter inhibitors (SGLT-2i) lower glucose levels independently of insulin while conferring notable benefits for cardiovascular, renal, and heart-failure outcomes. Combined therapies emphasizing early and sustained glycemic control are promising options for diabetes management. As insulin therapy remains pivotal, metformin and non-insulin agents such as GLP-1 RA and SGLT-2i offer compelling options. Notably, exciting novel treatments like the dual GLP-1/ glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) agonist show promise for substantially reducing glycated hemoglobin and body weight. This comprehensive review highlights the evolving landscape of pharmacotherapy in diabetes, the drugs currently available for treating diabetes, their effectiveness and efficacy, the impact on target organs, and side effects. This work also provides insights that can support the customization of treatment strategies. © 2023 by the authors.
Fermented soybean foods and diabetes; The number of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasing, and its prevention and management are important. One of the factors contributing to the increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is the change in dietary habits, including a Westernized diet. Fermented foods are foods that are transformed by the action of microorganisms to produce beneficial effects in humans and have been consumed for thousands of years. The production and consumption of fermented soy foods, including natto, miso, douchi, cheonggukjang, doenjang, tempeh, and fermented soy milk, are widespread in Asian countries. This review focuses on fermented soybean foods and summarizes their effects on diabetes. Fermentation increases the content of ingredients originally contained in soybeans and adds new ingredients that are not present in the original soybeans. Recent studies have revealed that fermented soybean food modifies the gut microbiota-related metabolites by modifying dysbiosis. Furthermore, it has been reported that fermented soybean foods have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-diabetic effects. In recent years, fermented foods, including fermented soybeans, have shown various beneficial effects. Therefore, it is necessary to continue focusing on the benefits and mechanisms of action of fermented foods. © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Clinical significance of components of metabolic syndrome in women of fertile age with different reproductive function disorders; Introduction. Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a complex medical and social problem and is directly related to obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, which have a negative impact on women's fertility. The aim. To analyze the relationship between the components of the MS with different disorders of the female reproductive function and the pathogenesis of their occurrence. Material and methods. The literature sources were reviewed, and the obtained data were analyzed. Results. The initial manifestations of metabolic disorders are associated with obesity or adiposipathy. Waist circumference is a better prognostic indicator than body mass index. The leading role in the progression of MS is played by lifestyle, chronic stress, lack of sleep, and hereditary factors. Insulin resistance is often observed in newborns with low weight for gestational age and is sharply increased in obesity. Low nighttime melatonin levels are associated with insulin resistance, especially in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. The feedback between the level of vitamin D and the degree of obesity is established, since vitamin D is able to suppress the adipogenesis process. Leptin is an important factor in binding obesity, MS and cardiovascular disease. Android obesity is strongly correlated with the development of metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Excessive androgens are an inductive factor in adipocyte hypertrophy and local inflammation. Polycystic ovary syndrome associated with visceral fat accumulation, and insulin resistance in women stimulates androgen secretion with ovaries. Conclusions. Pathological changes in the ratio of sex hormones can lead to individual components of MS. At the same time, insulin resistance is one of the factors in the development of gynecological pathology from the acceleration of sexual development, virilization and, as a result, dysfunction of the ovaries, endometrium, and the development of gestational diabetes. The relationship between the MS manifestations, reproductive function and gynecological pathology in women of all ages requires further study to determine additional MS parameters, mandatory methods of diagnosis and prevention. © 2023, Publishing House Medknyha. All rights reserved.
Programming of metabolic and autoimmune diseases in canine and feline: linkage to the gut microbiome; Metabolic and autoimmune disorders have long represented challenging health problems because of their growing prevalence in companion animals. The gut microbiome, made up of trillions of microorganisms, is implicated in multiple physiological and pathological processes. Similar to human beings, the complicated microbiome harbored in the gut of canines and felines emerges as a key factor determining a wide range of normal and disease conditions. Evidence accumulated from recent findings on canine and feline research uncovered that the gut microbiome is actively involved in host metabolism and immunity. Notably, the composition, abundance, activity, and metabolites of the gut microbiome are all elements that shape clinical outcomes concerning metabolism and immune function. This review highlights the implications of the gut microbiome for metabolic disorders (obesity, diabetes, and hepatic lipidosis) and autoimmune diseases (inflammatory bowel disease, osteoarthritis, asthma, and myasthenia gravis) in canine and feline animals, providing novel strategies and therapeutic targets for the prevention and treatment of pet diseases. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
New Insights into Prospective Health Potential of ω-3 PUFAs; Purpose of Review: Docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid are the two essential long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 PUFAs) promoting human health which are obtained from diet or supplementation. The eicosanoids derived from ω-6 and ω-3 PUFAs have opposite characteristics of pro- and anti-inflammatory activities. The proinflammatory effects of ω-6 PUFAs are behind the pathology of the adverse health conditions of PUFA metabolism like cardiovascular diseases, neurological disorders, and inflammatory diseases. A balanced ω-6 to ω-3 ratio of 1–4:1 is critical to prevent the associated disorders. But due to modern agricultural practices, there is a disastrous shift in this ratio to 10–20:1. This review primarily aims to discuss the myriad health potentials of ω-3 PUFAs uncovered through recent research. It further manifests the importance of maintaining a balanced ω-6 to ω-3 PUFA ratio. Recent Findings: ω-3 PUFAs exhibit protective effects against diabetes mellitus–associated complications including diabetic retinopathy, diabetic nephropathy, and proteinuria. COVID-19 is also not an exception to the health benefits of ω-3 PUFAs. Supplementation of ω-3 PUFAs improved the respiratory and clinical symptoms in COVID-19 patients. Summary: ω-3 PUFAs exhibit a variety of health benefits including anti-inflammatory property and antimicrobial property and are effective in protecting against various health conditions like atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, COVID-19, and neurological disorders. In the present review, various health potentials of ω-3 PUFAs are extensively reviewed and summarized. Further, the importance of a balanced ω-6 to ω-3 PUFA ratio has been emphasized besides stating the diverse sources of ω-3 PUFA. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Childhood obesity, metabolic syndrome, and oxidative stress: microRNAs go on stage; The incidence of childhood obesity and metabolic syndrome has grown notably in the last years, becoming major public health burdens in developed countries. Nowadays, oxidative stress is well-recognized to be closely associated with the onset and progression of several obesity-related complications within the framework of a complex crosstalk involving other intertwined pathogenic events, such as inflammation, insulin disturbances, and dyslipidemia. Thus, understanding the molecular basis behind these oxidative dysregulations could provide new approaches for the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of childhood obesity and associated disorders. In this respect, the transcriptomic characterization of miRNAs bares great potential because of their involvement in post-transcriptional modulation of genetic expression. Herein, we provide a comprehensive literature revision gathering state-of-the-art research into the association between childhood obesity, metabolic syndrome, and miRNAs. We put special emphasis on the potential role of miRNAs in modulating obesity-related pathogenic events, with particular focus on oxidative stress. © 2023, The Author(s).
Remnant cholesterol, but not other cholesterol parameters, is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women: a prospective cohort study; Objective: No evidence has been found of a relationship between remnant cholesterol (RC) and the likelihood of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women. The aim of our study was to investigate the link between serum RC at 12–14 weeks of gestation and the risk of GDM. Methods: This was a secondary analysis with data from a prospective cohort study in Korea. A total of 590 single pregnant women attending two hospitals in Korea, up to 14 weeks gestation, from November 2014 to July 2016 were included in the study. The formula used to calculate RC in detail was RC (mg/dL) = TC (mg/dL)-HDL-c (mg/dL)-LDL-c (mg/dL). Logistic regression models were employed to examine the relationship between RC and GDM and explore the association between other lipoprotein cholesterol parameters and the risk of GDM. Furthermore, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to assess the ability of RC to identify GDM. Additionally, sensitivity and subgroup analyses were conducted. Results: The mean age of participants was 32.06 ± 3.80 years. The median of RC was 34.66 mg/dL. 37 pregnant women (6.27%) were eventually diagnosed with GDM. Multivariate adjusted logistic regression analysis showed that RC was positively associated with the risk of GDM (OR = 1.458, 95% CI 1.221, 1.741). There was no significant association between other lipoprotein cholesterols (including TC, LDL-c, HDL-c) and the risk of GDM. The area under the ROC curve for RC as a predictor of GDM was 0.8038 (95% CI 0.7338–0.8738), and the optimal RC cut-off was 24.30 mg/dL. Our findings were demonstrated to be robust by performing a series of sensitivity analyses. Conclusion: Serum RC levels at 12–14 weeks of gestation are positively associated with GDM risk in pregnant women. RC in early pregnancy is an early warning indicator of GDM in pregnant women, especially those with normal HDL-c, LDL-c, and TC that are easily overlooked. There is a high risk of developing GDM in pregnant women whose RC is more than 24.30 mg/dL. This study may help optimize GDM prevention in pregnant women and facilitate communication between physicians, pregnant patients, and their families. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Salvianolic acid B ameliorates myocardial fibrosis in diabetic cardiomyopathy by deubiquitinating Smad7; Background: Salvianolic acid B (Sal B), a water-soluble phenolic compound derived from Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge, is commonly used in Traditional Chinese Medicine to treat cardiovascular disease. In our previous study, Sal B protected against myocardial fibrosis induced by diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM). This study aimed to investigate the ameliorative effects and potential mechanisms of Sal B in mitigating myocardial fibrosis induced by DCM. Methods: Various methods were used to investigate the effects of Sal B on myocardial fibrosis induced by DCM in vivo and in vitro. These methods included blood glucose measurement, echocardiography, HE staining, Masson’s trichrome staining, Sirius red staining, cell proliferation assessment, determination of hydroxyproline levels, immunohistochemical staining, evaluation of fibrosis-related protein expression (Collagen-I, Collagen-III, TGF-β1, p-Smad3, Smad3, Smad7, and α-smooth muscle actin), analysis of Smad7 gene expression, and analysis of Smad7 ubiquitin modification. Results: The animal test results indicated that Sal B significantly improved cardiac function, inhibited collagen deposition and phenotypic transformation, and ameliorated myocardial fibrosis in DCM by upregulating Smad7, thereby inhibiting the TGF-β1 signaling pathway. In addition, cell experiments demonstrated that Sal B significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration, phenotypic transformation, and collagen secretion of cardiac fibroblasts (CFs) induced by high glucose (HG). Sal B significantly decreased the ubiquitination of Smad7 and stabilized the protein expression of Smad7, thereby increasing the protein expression of Smad7 in CFs and inhibiting the TGF-β1 signaling pathway, which may be the potential mechanism by which Sal B mitigates myocardial fibrosis induced by DCM. Conclusion: This study revealed that Sal B can improve myocardial fibrosis in DCM by deubiquitinating Smad7, stabilizing the protein expression of Smad7, and blocking the TGF-β1 signaling pathway. © 2023, The Author(s).
Research progress on the relationship between bile acid metabolism and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Bile acids, which are steroid molecules originating from cholesterol and synthesized in the liver, play a pivotal role in regulating glucose metabolism and maintaining energy balance. Upon release into the intestine alongside bile, they activate various nuclear and membrane receptors, influencing crucial processes. These bile acids have emerged as significant contributors to managing type 2 diabetes mellitus, a complex clinical syndrome primarily driven by insulin resistance. Bile acids substantially lower blood glucose levels through multiple pathways: BA-FXR-SHP, BA-FXR-FGFR15/19, BA-TGR5-GLP-1, and BA-TGR5-cAMP. They also impact blood glucose regulation by influencing intestinal flora, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and bitter taste receptors. Collectively, these regulatory mechanisms enhance insulin sensitivity, stimulate insulin secretion, and boost energy expenditure. This review aims to comprehensively explore the interplay between bile acid metabolism and T2DM, focusing on primary regulatory pathways. By examining the latest advancements in our understanding of these interactions, we aim to illuminate potential therapeutic strategies and identify areas for future research. Additionally, this review critically assesses current research limitations to contribute to the effective management of T2DM. © 2023, The Author(s).
Oral probiotics increased the proportion of Treg, Tfr, and Breg cells to inhibit the inflammatory response and impede gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more prone to acquire type 2 diabetes and obesity as adults. Due to this link, early intervention strategies that alter the gut microbiome may benefit the mother and kid long-term. This work uses metagenomic and transcriptome sequencing to investigate how probiotics affect gut microbiota dysbiosis and inflammation in GDM. Methods: GDM and control metagenomic sequencing data were obtained from the SRA database. This metagenomic data helped us understand gut microbiota abundance and function. KEGG detected and extracted functional pathway genes. Transcriptome sequencing data evaluated GDM-related gene expression. Finally, GDM animal models were given probiotics orally to evaluate inflammatory response, regulatory immune cell fractions, and leptin protein levels. Results: GDM patients had more Fusobacteria and Firmicutes, while healthy people had more Bacteroidetes. Gut microbiota composition may affect GDM by altering the L-aspartate and L-asparagine super pathways. Mannan degradation and the super pathway of L-aspartate and L-asparagine synthesis enhanced in GDM mice with leptin protein overexpression. Oral probiotics prevent GDM by lowering leptin. Oral probiotics increased Treg, Tfr, and Breg cells, which decreased TNF-α and IL-6 and increased TGF-β and IL-10, preventing inflammation and preserving mouse pregnancy. Conclusion: Dysbiosis of the gut microbiota may increase leptin expression and cause GDM. Oral probiotics enhance Treg, Tfr, and Breg cells, which limit the inflammatory response and assist mice in sustaining normal pregnancy. Thus, oral probiotics may prevent GDM, enabling targeted gut microbiota modulation and maternal and fetal health. © 2023, The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research.
Obesity during Pregnancy in the Horse: Effect on Term Placental Structure and Gene Expression, as Well as Colostrum and Milk Fatty Acid Concentration; In horses, the prevalence of obesity is high and associated with serious metabolic pathologies. Being a broodmare has been identified as a risk factor for obesity. In other species, maternal obesity is known to affect the development of the offspring. This article is a follow-up study of previous work showing that Obese mares (O, n = 10, body condition score > 4.25 at insemination) were more insulin resistant and presented increased systemic inflammation during pregnancy compared to Normal mares (N, n = 14, body condition score < 4 at insemination). Foals born to O mares were more insulin-resistant, presented increased systemic inflammation, and were more affected by osteoarticular lesions. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effect of maternal obesity on placental structure and function, as well as the fatty acid profile in the plasma of mares and foals, colostrum, and milk until 90 days of lactation, which, to our knowledge, has been poorly studied in the horse. Mares from both groups were fed the same diet during pregnancy and lactation. During lactation, mares were housed in pasture. A strong heat wave, followed by a drought, occurred during their 2nd and 3rd months of lactation (summer of 2016 in the Limousin region, France). In the present article, term placental morphometry, structure (stereology), and gene expression (RT-qPCR, genes involved in nutrient transport, growth, and development, as well as vascularization) were studied. Plasma of mares and their foals, as well as colostrum and milk, were sampled at birth, 30 days, and 90 days of lactation. The fatty acid composition of these samples was measured using gas chromatography. No differences between the N and O groups were observed for term placental morphometry, structure, or gene expression. No difference in plasma fatty acid composition was observed between groups in mares. The plasma fatty acid profile of O foals was more pro-inflammatory and indicated an altered placental lipid metabolism between birth and 90 days of age. These results are in line with the increased systemic inflammation and altered glucose metabolism observed until 18 months of age in this group. The colostrum fatty acid profile of O mares was more pro-inflammatory and indicated an increased transfer and/or desaturation of long-chain fatty acids. Moreover, O foals received a colostrum poorer in medium-chain saturated fatty acid, a source of immediate energy for the newborn that can also play a role in immunity and gut microbiota development. Differences in milk fatty acid composition indicated a decreased ability to adapt to heat stress in O mares, which could have further affected the metabolic development of their foals. In conclusion, maternal obesity affected the fatty acid composition of milk, thus also influencing the foal’s plasma fatty acid composition and likely participating in the developmental programming observed in growing foals. © 2023 by the authors.
Scientific evidence supporting the newly developed one-health labeling tool “Med-Index”: an umbrella systematic review on health benefits of mediterranean diet principles and adherence in a planeterranean perspective; Background: Med-Index is a one-health front-of-pack (FOP) label, based on Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) principles, developed to summarize information about the nutritional properties and related-health benefits of any food as well as its sustainable production processes, and the associated food company’s social responsibility parameters in a new “Planeterranean” perspective. Thus, Med-Index can be adopted in and by any European region and authority as well as worldwide; this is achieved by consumption and cooking of locally available and sourced foods that respect MedDiet principles, both in terms of healthy nutrition and sustainable production. The huge body of scientific evidence about the health benefits of the MedDiet model and principles requires a comprehensive framework to encompass the scientific reliability and robustness of this tool. A systematic review was carried out to examine the association between human health and adherence to MedDiet patterns upon which the “Med-Index” tool was subsequently developed. Methods: MEDLINE and PubMed databases were searched for eligible publications from 1990 to April 2023. Systematic literature reviews, with or without meta-analysis, of clinical trials and observational studies were screened by two independent investigators for eligibility, data extraction, and quality assessment. English language and the time interval 1990–2023 were applied. A registry code CRD42023464807 was generated on PROSPERO and approved for this search protocol. The corrected covered area (CCA), calculated to quantify the degree of overlap between reviews, gave a slight overlap (CCA = 4%). Results: A total of 84 systematic reviews out of 6681 screened records were selected. Eligible reviews included studies with predominantly observational designs (61/84, 72.6%%), of which 26/61 referenced studies of mixed observational and RCT designs, while 23/84 (27.4%) were RCT-only systematic reviews. Seventy-nine different entries were identified for health outcomes, clustered into 10 macro-categories, each reporting a statistically significant association with exposure to the MedDiet. Adherence to MedDiet was found to strongly benefit age-related chronic diseases (21.5%), neurological disorders (19%), and obesity-related metabolic features (12.65), followed by CVDs (11.4%), cancer (10.1%), diabetes (7.5%), liver health (6.3%), inflammation (5%), mortality (5%), and renal health (1.2%). The quality of the studies was moderate to high. Conclusion: In the context of a “Planeterranean” framework and perspective that can be adopted in any European region and worldwide, MedDiet represents a healthy and sustainable lifestyle model, able to prevent several diseases and reduce premature mortality. In addition, the availability of a FOP, such as Med-Index, might foster more conscious food choices among consumers, paying attention both to human and planetary health. © 2023, The Author(s).
No effect of multi-strain probiotic supplementation on metabolic and inflammatory markers and newborn body composition in pregnant women with obesity: Results from a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background and aims: Modulation of the gut microbiome composition with probiotics may have beneficial metabolic effects in pregnant women with obesity. The aim was to investigate the effect of probiotic supplementation during pregnancy on metabolic and inflammatory markers and the body composition of the offspring. Methods and results: A randomized double-blind trial in 50 pregnant women (pre-pregnancy BMI ≥30 and < 35 kg/m2) comparing multi-strain probiotics (Vivomixx®; 450 billion CFU/d) versus placebo from 14 to 20 weeks of gestation until delivery was carried out. Participants were followed with two predelivery visits at gestational week 27–30 and 36–37 and with one postdelivery visit. All visits included fasting blood samples (C-reactive protein (CRP), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), insulin, C-peptide, glucose, glucagon, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1)). At delivery, umbilical cord blood samples were collected (GLP-1 and glucagon). At the postdelivery visit, a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan of the newborn was performed. Forty-nine of 50 participants completed the study until delivery, and 36 mother-offspring dyads underwent postdelivery examinations including a DXA scan. There were no significant differences in changes in measured biomarkers between the probiotic versus the placebo group. No differences were found in newborn body composition or GLP-1 and glucagon. GLP-1 measured in umbilical blood samples was positively correlated to fat percent in offspring from the probiotic group. Conclusion: In this study of pregnant women with obesity and their newborns, there was no effect of probiotic supplementation in mothers or babies on metabolic or inflammatory biomarkers or on body composition of offspring. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02508844. © 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Metformin Inefficiency to Lower Lipids in Vitamin B12 Deficient HepG2 Cells Is Alleviated via Adiponectin-AMPK Axis; Background: Prolonged metformin treatment decreases vitamin B12 (B12) levels, whereas low B12 is associated with dyslipidaemia. Some studies have reported that metformin has no effect on intrahepatic triglyceride (TG) levels. Although AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation via adiponectin lowers hepatic TG content, its role in B12 deficiency and metformin has not been explored. We investigated whether low B12 impairs the beneficial effect of metformin on hepatic lipid metabolism via the AMPK-adiponectin axis. Methods: HepG2 was cultured using custom-made B12-deficient Eagle’s Minimal Essential Medium (EMEM) in different B12-medium concentrations, followed by a 24-h metformin/adiponectin treatment. Gene and protein expressions and total intracellular TG were measured, and radiochemical analysis of TG synthesis and seahorse mitochondria stress assay were undertaken. Results: With low B12, total intracellular TG and synthesized radiolabelled TG were increased. Regulators of lipogenesis, cholesterol and genes regulating fatty acids (FAs; TG; and cholesterol biosynthesis were increased. FA oxidation (FAO) and mitochondrial function were decreased, with decreased pAMPKα and pACC levels. Following metformin treatment in hepatocytes with low B12, the gene and protein expression of the above targets were not alleviated. However, in the presence of adiponectin, intrahepatic lipid levels with low B12 decreased via upregulated pAMPKα and pACC levels. Again, combined adiponectin and metformin treatment ameliorated the low B12 effect and resulted in increased pAMPKα and pACC, with a subsequent reduction in lipogenesis, increased FAO and mitochondrion function. Conclusions: Adiponectin co-administration with metformin induced a higher intrahepatic lipid-lowering effect. Overall, we emphasize the potential therapeutic implications for hepatic AMPK activation via adiponectin for a clinical condition associated with B12 deficiency and metformin treatment. © 2023 by the authors.
C-Reactive Protein: Pathophysiology, Diagnosis, False Test Results and a Novel Diagnostic Algorithm for Clinicians; The current literature provides a body of evidence on C-Reactive Protein (CRP) and its potential role in inflammation. However, most pieces of evidence are sparse and controversial. This critical state-of-the-art monography provides all the crucial data on the potential biochemical properties of the protein, along with further evidence on its potential pathobiology, both for its pentameric and monomeric forms, including information for its ligands as well as the possible function of autoantibodies against the protein. Furthermore, the current evidence on its potential utility as a biomarker of various diseases is presented, of all cardiovascular, respiratory, hepatobiliary, gastrointestinal, pancreatic, renal, gynecological, andrological, dental, oral, otorhinolaryngological, ophthalmological, dermatological, musculoskeletal, neurological, mental, splenic, thyroid conditions, as well as infections, autoimmune-supposed conditions and neoplasms, including other possible factors that have been linked with elevated concentrations of that protein. Moreover, data on molecular diagnostics on CRP are discussed, and possible etiologies of false test results are highlighted. Additionally, this review evaluates all current pieces of evidence on CRP and systemic inflammation, and highlights future goals. Finally, a novel diagnostic algorithm to carefully assess the CRP level for a precise diagnosis of a medical condition is illustrated. © 2023 by the author.
Identification of PCB congeners and their thresholds associated with diabetes using decision tree analysis; Few studies have investigated the potential combined effects of multiple PCB congeners on diabetes. To address this gap, we used data from 1244 adults in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2003–2004. We used (1) classification trees to identify serum PCB congeners and their thresholds associated with diabetes; and (2) logistic regression to estimate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of diabetes with combined PCB congeners. Of the 40 PCB congeners examined, PCB 126 has the strongest association with diabetes. The adjusted OR of diabetes comparing PCB 126 > 0.025 to ≤ 0.025 ng/g was 2.14 (95% CI 1.30–3.53). In the subpopulation with PCB 126 > 0.025 ng/g, a lower PCB 101 concentration was associated with an increased risk of diabetes (comparing PCB 101 < 0.72 to ≥ 0.72 ng/g, OR 3.3, 95% CI 1.27–8.55). In the subpopulation with PCB 126 > 0.025 & PCB 101 < 0.72 ng/g, a higher PCB 49 concentration was associated with an increased risk of diabetes (comparing PCB 49 > 0.65 to ≤ 0.65 ng/g, OR 2.79, 95% CI 1.06–7.35). This nationally representative study provided new insights into the combined associations of PCBs with diabetes. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
Placenta-derived exosomal miR-135a-5p promotes gestational diabetes mellitus pathogenesis by activating PI3K/AKT signalling pathway via SIRT1; Most people are aware of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a dangerous pregnancy complication in which pregnant women who have never been diagnosed with diabetes develop chronic hyperglycaemia. Exosomal microRNA (miRNA) dysregulation has been shown to be a key player in the pathophysiology of GDM. In this study, we looked into how placental exosomes and their miRNAs may contribute to GDM. When compared to exosomes from healthy pregnant women, it was discovered that miR-135a-5p was elevated in placenta-derived exosomes that were isolated from the maternal peripheral plasma of GDM women. Additionally, we discovered that miR-135a-5p encouraged HTR-8/SVneo cell growth, invasion and migration. Further research revealed that miR-135a-5p activates HTR-8/SVneo cells' proliferation, invasion and migration by promoting PI3K/AKT pathway activity via Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1). The transfer of exosomal miR-135a-5p generated from the placenta could be viewed as a promising agent for targeting genes and pertinent pathways involved in GDM, according to our findings. © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Human milk polyunsaturated fatty acids are related to neurodevelopmental, anthropometric, and allergic outcomes in early life: A systematic review; Polyunsaturated fatty acids are critically important for newborn nutrition and in the trajectory of growth and developmental processes throughout early life. This systematic review (PROSPERO ID: CRD42023400059) critically analyzes literature pertaining to how omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in human milk are related to health outcomes in early life. Literature selected for the review were published between 2005 and 2020 and included assessments in healthy term children between 0 and 5 years of age. The studies reported the relation between human milk fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3, DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3, EPA), alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3, ALA), arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6, AA), and linoleic acid (C18:2n-6, LA) with three domains of health outcomes: neurodevelopment, body composition, and allergy, skin & eczema. Results from the 21 studies consistently suggested better health outcomes across the three domains for infants consuming milk with higher concentrations of total n-3, DHA, EPA, and ALA. Negative health outcomes across the three domains were associated with higher levels of total n-6, AA, and LA in milk. N-3 and n-6 content of milk were related to neurodevelopmental, body composition, and allergy, skin & eczema outcomes with moderate certainty. Maternal diet impacting milk fatty acid content and fatty acid desaturase genotype modifying physiologic responses to fatty acid intake were prominent gaps identified in the review using the NIH Quality Assessment Tool for Observational Cohort and Cross-Sectional Studies and GRADE approach. This research study can inform baby nutrition product development, and fatty acid intake recommendations or dietary interventions for mothers and children.  © The Author(s), 2024. Published by Cambridge University Press in association with The International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD).
Exosomes: New Insights into the Pathogenesis of Metabolic Syndrome; Exosomes are a subtype of extracellular vesicles (EVs) with a diameter of 30~150 nm (averaging ~100 nm) that are primarily produced through the endosomal pathway, and carry various components such as lipids, proteins, RNA, and other small molecular substances. Exosomes can mediate intercellular communication through the bioactive substances they carry, thus participating in different physiological activities. Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a disease caused by disturbances in the body’s metabolism, mainly including insulin resistance (IR), diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), hyperlipidemia, and atherosclerosis (AS). Recent studies have shown that exosomes are closely related to the occurrence and development of MS. Exosomes can act as messengers to mediate signaling transductions between metabolic cells in the organism and play a bidirectional regulatory role in the MS process. This paper mainly reviews the components, biogenesis, biological functions and potential applications of exosomes, and exosomes involved in the pathogenesis of MS as well as their clinical significance in MS diagnosis. © 2023 by the authors.
Deciphering the genetic landscape of obesity: a data-driven approach to identifying plausible causal genes and therapeutic targets; Objectives: Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have successfully revealed numerous susceptibility loci for obesity. However, identifying the causal genes, pathways, and tissues/cell types responsible for these associations remains a challenge, and standardized analysis workflows are lacking. Additionally, due to limited treatment options for obesity, there is a need for the development of new pharmacological therapies. This study aimed to address these issues by performing step-wise utilization of knowledgebase for gene prioritization and assessing the potential relevance of key obesity genes as therapeutic targets. Methods and results: First, we generated a list of 28,787 obesity-associated SNPs from the publicly available GWAS dataset (approximately 800,000 individuals in the GIANT meta-analysis). Then, we prioritized 1372 genes with significant in silico evidence against genomic and transcriptomic data, including transcriptionally regulated genes in the brain from transcriptome-wide association studies. In further narrowing down the gene list, we selected key genes, which we found to be useful for the discovery of potential drug seeds as demonstrated in lipid GWAS separately. We thus identified 74 key genes for obesity, which are highly interconnected and enriched in several biological processes that contribute to obesity, including energy expenditure and homeostasis. Of 74 key genes, 37 had not been reported for the pathophysiology of obesity. Finally, by drug-gene interaction analysis, we detected 23 (of 74) key genes that are potential targets for 78 approved and marketed drugs. Conclusions: Our results provide valuable insights into new treatment options for obesity through a data-driven approach that integrates multiple up-to-date knowledgebases. © 2023, The Author(s).
Low Levels of Serum Total Vitamin B12 Are Associated with Worse Metabolic Phenotype in a Large Population of Children, Adolescents and Young Adults, from Underweight to Severe Obesity; Vitamin B12 (or cobalamin) is an essential vitamin for DNA synthesis, fatty acid and protein metabolism as well as other metabolic pathways fundamental to the integrity of cells and tissues in humans. It is derived from the diet and mostly stored in the liver. Its deficiency has been associated with metabolic derangements, i.e., obesity, glucose intolerance, increased lipogenesis and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) and steatohepatitis (MASH). However, data with regard to body weight across the whole spectrum (from underweight to severe obesity) in children and young individuals are scarce. The present study aims to describe the association between serum total vitamin B12 and body mass index (BMI) ranging from underweight to severe obesity in a large population of children, adolescents and young adults. This study also investigates associations with visceral adiposity, glucose and lipid metabolism and liver dysfunction. A cross-sectional, single-centre study was conducted at the Paediatrics and Endocrinology units of the ”Bambino Gesù Children Hospital”, a tertiary referral institution for eating disorders. Clinical charts were reviewed and 601 patients aged from 5 to 25 years were enrolled in order to analyse anthropometric, auxological, clinical, biochemical and liver ultrasound data using robust statistical approaches. Analyses were adjusted for potential confounders. A reduction in serum total B12 levels was associated with a linear increase in body weight, as expressed by WHO BMI SDS (r = −0.31, p < 0.001, BCa 95% −0.38, −0.24). Lower B12 levels were associated with higher waist circumference but only in pubertal girls (r = −0.33, p = 0.008, BCa 95% −0.53, −0.11). Hepatic insulin resistance was higher in males with lower B12 levels (B = −0.003 (−0.007, −0.0001), p = 0.039), but not in females, whereas whole-body insulin resistance was unaffected. Serum lipid profiles (total, HDL and LDL cholesterol and triglycerides) were not influenced by serum cobalamin levels. However, lower cobalamin levels were associated with higher grading of ultrasound-scored hepatic steatosis (ptrend = 0.035). Lastly, both AST and ALT showed a significant and direct correlation with total B12 levels in underweight (r = 0.22 and 0.24, p = 0.002 and <0.001, respectively) and severely obese subjects (r = 0.24 and 0.32, p = 0.002 and <0.001). In conclusion lower vitamin B12 levels are associated with higher body weight, adiposity and with worse metabolic health in a large population of children, adolescents and young adults. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal circulating metabolic biomarkers and their prediction performance for gestational diabetes mellitus related macrosomia; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a metabolism-related pregnancy complication, is significantly associated with an increased risk of macrosomia. We hypothesized that maternal circulating metabolic biomarkers differed between women with GDM and macrosomia (GDM-M) and women with GDM and normal neonatal weight (GDM-N), and had good prediction performance for GDM-M. Methods: Plasma samples from 44 GDM-M and 44 GDM-N were analyzed using Olink Proseek multiplex metabolism assay targeting 92 biomarkers. Combined different clinical characteristics and Olink markers, LASSO regression was used to optimize variable selection, and Logistic regression was applied to build a predictive model. Nomogram was developed based on the selected variables visually. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration plot, and clinical impact curve were used to validate the model. Results: We found 4 metabolism-related biomarkers differing between groups [CLUL1 (Clusterin-like protein 1), VCAN (Versican core protein), FCRL1 (Fc receptor-like protein 1), RNASE3 (Eosinophil cationic protein), FDR < 0.05]. Based on the different clinical characteristics and Olink markers, a total of nine predictors, namely pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), weight gain at 24 gestational weeks (gw), parity, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 2 h glucose at 24 gw, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) at 24 gw, and plasma expression of CLUL1, VCAN and RNASE3 at 24 gw, were identified by LASSO regression. The model constructed using these 9 predictors displayed good prediction performance for GDM-M, with an area under the ROC of 0.970 (sensitivity = 0.955, specificity = 0.886), and was well calibrated (PHosmer-Lemeshow test = 0.897). Conclusion: The Model included pre-pregnancy BMI, weight gain at 24 gw, parity, OGTT 2 h glucose at 24 gw, HDL and LDL at 24 gw, and plasma expression of CLUL1, VCAN and RNASE3 at 24 gw had good prediction performance for predicting macrosomia in women with GDM. © 2023, The Author(s).
Abnormal expression of fission and fusion genes and the morphology of mitochondria in eutopic and ectopic endometrium; Mitochondria play a pivotal role in physiological and metabolic function of the cell. Mitochondrial dynamics orchestrate mitochondrial function and morphology, involving fission and fusion as well as ultrastructural remodeling. Mounting evidence unravels the close link between mitochondria and endometriosis. However, how mitochondrial architecture changes through fission and fusion in eutopic and ectopic tissues of women with ovarian endometriosis remains unknown. We detected the expression of fission and fusion genes and the morphology of mitochondria in eutopic and ectopic endometrium in ovarian endometriosis. The results showed that the expression of DRP1 and LCLAT1 was upregulated in eutopic endometrial stromal cells (ESCs), and the expression of DRP1, OPA1, MFN1, MFN2, and LCLAT1 was significantly downregulated in ectopic ESCs, and reduced number of mitochondria, wider cristae width and narrower cristae junction width was observed, but there was no difference in cell survival rate. The altered mitochondrial dynamics and morphology might, respectively, provide an advantage for migration and adhesion in eutopic ESCs and be the adaptive response in ectopic endometrial cells to survive under hypoxic and oxidative stress environment. © 2023, The Author(s).
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, type 2 diabetes, and liver-related outcomes: Secondary data analysis of a prospective recruited cohort; Background: The association of vitamin D deficiency, which is prevalent in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), with liver disease and related mortality has not been quantified. Our study aimed to (1) investigate whether there is a synergistic association of vitamin D deficiency and T2DM with liver-related outcomes and (2) explore whether high 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations are associated with a lower risk of liver-related outcomes in T2DM. Method: Leveraging the data from UK Biobank, we conducted 2 studies: study I assessed the joint associations of vitamin D deficiency [25(OH)D <50 nmol/L] and T2DM with liver-related outcomes among 439, 276 participants, and study II explored the associations of vitamin D status with liver-related outcomes among 21, 519 individuals with T2DM. Baseline T2DM was identified through medication, laboratory test, and electronic health-related records. Serum 25 (OH)D was measured by direct competitive chemiluminescent immunoassay. Liver-related outcomes included 6 liver disease end points and mortality by overall liver disease, chronic liver disease, and severe liver disease. Results: During an average follow-up duration of 11.6 years, we observed a significant positive additive interaction effect (all synergy index > 1.0) of T2DM and vitamin D deficiency on the risk of liver-related outcomes. Compared with participants without either T2DM or vitamin D deficiency, the multivariable-adjusted HRs of overall liver diseases were 1.29 for participants without T2DM but with vitamin D deficiency, 1.73 for participants with T2DM but without vitamin D deficiency, and 2.19 for participants with both T2DM and vitamin D deficiency. In individuals with T2DM, we observed that participants without vitamin D deficiency were inversely associated with incident liver disease and related mortality (multivariable-adjusted HRs 0.41-0.81) when compared with individuals with vitamin D deficiency. Conclusions: There are positive synergistic associations of vitamin D deficiency and T2DM with liver-related outcomes. Inverse associations between serum 25 (OH)D concentrations and liver-related outcomes were observed in individuals with T2DM. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Resveratrol and beyond: The Effect of Natural Polyphenols on the Cardiovascular System: A Narrative Review; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are among the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Unhealthy dietary habits have clearly been shown to contribute to the development of CVDs. Beyond the primary nutrients, a healthy diet is also rich in plant-derived compounds. Natural polyphenols, found in fruits, vegetables, and red wine, have a clear role in improving cardiovascular health. In this review, we strive to summarize the results of the relevant pre-clinical and clinical trials that focused on some of the most important natural polyphenols, such as resveratrol and relevant flavonoids. In addition, we aim to identify their common sources, biosynthesis, and describe their mechanism of action including their regulatory effect on signal transduction pathways. Finally, we provide scientific evidence regarding the cardiovascular benefits of moderate, long-term red wine consumption. © 2023 by the authors.
Liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among Chinese pregnant women; Background: Liver plays an important role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. We aimed to examine the associations of liver enzymes and hepatic steatosis index (HSI, a reliable biomarker for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in early pregnancy with subsequent GDM risk, as well as the potential mediation effects of lipid metabolites on the association between HSI and GDM. Methods: In a birth cohort, liver enzymes were measured in early pregnancy (6-15 gestational weeks, mean 10) among 6,860 Chinese women. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the association between liver biomarkers and risk of GDM. Pearson partial correlation and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression were conducted to identify lipid metabolites that were significantly associated with HSI in a subset of 948 women. Mediation analyses were performed to estimate the mediating roles of lipid metabolites on the association of HSI with GDM. Results: Liver enzymes and HSI were associated with higher risks of GDM after adjustment for potential confounders, with ORs ranging from 1.42 to 2.24 for extreme-quartile comparisons (false discovery rate-adjusted P-trend ≤0.005). On the natural log scale, each SD increment of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, alkaline phosphatase, and HSI was associated with a 1.15-fold (95% CI: 1.05, 1.26), 1.10-fold (1.01, 1.20), 1.21-fold (1.10, 1.32), 1.15-fold (1.04, 1.27), and 1.33-fold (1.18, 1.51) increased risk of GDM, respectively. Pearson partial correlation and LASSO regression identified 15 specific lipid metabolites in relation to HSI. Up to 52.6% of the association between HSI and GDM risk was attributed to the indirect effect of the HSI-related lipid score composed of lipid metabolites predominantly from phospholipids (e.g., lysophosphatidylcholine and ceramides) and triacylglycerol. Conclusions: Elevated liver enzymes and HSI in early pregnancy, even within a normal range, were associated with higher risks of GDM among Chinese pregnant women. The association of HSI with GDM was largely mediated by altered lipid metabolism. © 2023, The Author(s).
Endostatin and Cystatin C as Potential Biomarkers for Early Prediction of Preeclampsia; Preeclampsia (PE) is characterized by new onset hypertension and proteinuria. Undoubtedly, some individuals do not fit precisely into this description, and it could be challenging to spot newly developed PE in females who already have hypertension or renal illness. Monitoring the disease’s progression enables the optimization of delivery time while minimizing premature births. The current study explores the diagnostic benefits of serum endostatin and cystatin C in addition to serum and urinary magnesium (Mg) and fractional excretion magnesium (FEMg) for early prediction of PE. The population sample included 82 pregnant women divided into 3 groups: normal pregnancy group served as a control (n = 26), nonpreeclampsia (NPE, n = 34) group included pregnant women with one or more risk factors but did not progress to PE, and pregnant women who developed preeclampsia (PE, n = 22) group. Blood samples were withdrawn at two sampling times: at 12th to 16th and 24th to 26th weeks of gestation. Compared to normal pregnancy, results (X̅ ± SD) indicated a significant increase in serum endostatin in NPE at the first sample (10.78 ± 3.63 ng/mL) and the second sample (28.03 ± 3.79 ng/mL), while cystatin C was at the first sample (0.68 ± 0.06 mg/dL) and the second sample (0.71 ± 0.07 mg/dL). In the PE group, the serum endostatin was 18.86 ± 4.37 ng/mL at the first sampling time and 53.56 ± 9.76 ng/mL for the second sample. Serum cystatin C was also elevated in PE with X̅ ± SD equivalent to 0.73 ± 0.08 and 0.89 ± 0.08 mg/dL at the first and second samples, respectively. On the other hand, serum and urinary Mg in addition to FEMg levels did not significantly differ across the groups under study. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis proved that both endostatin and cystatin C could be good indicators for PE. The findings imply that measuring endostatin and cystatin C at early pregnancy and before progression to PE may be effective in detecting the likelihood of PE. Endostatin could be more precise and sensitive in assessing the probability of PE than cystatin C; however, coupling of the two parameters may be promising. © 2023 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.
Folic acid supplementation in a mouse model of diabetes in pregnancy alters insulin sensitivity in female mice and beta cell mass in offspring; Epidemiological studies have reported discrepant findings on the relationship between folic acid intake during pregnancy and risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To begin to understand how folic acid impacts metabolic health during pregnancy, we determined the effects of excess folic acid supplementation (5× recommendation) on maternal and fetal offspring metabolic health. Using a mouse (female C57BL/6J) model of diet-induced diabetes in pregnancy (western diet) and control mice, we show that folic acid supplementation improved insulin sensitivity in the female mice fed the western diet and worsened insulin sensitivity in control mice. We found no unmetabolized folic acid in liver from supplemented mice suggesting the metabolic effects of folic acid supplementation are not due to unmetabolized folic acid. Male fetal (gestational day 18.5) offspring from folic acid supplemented dams (western and control) had greater beta cell mass and density than those from unsupplemented dams; this was not observed in female offspring. Differential sex-specific hepatic gene expression profiles were observed in the fetal offspring from supplemented dams but this differed between western and controls. Our findings suggest that folic acid supplementation affects insulin sensitivity in female mice, but is dependent on their metabolic phenotype and has sex-specific effects on offspring pancreas and liver. © 2023 The Authors. The FASEB Journal published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology.
The roles of dietary lipids and lipidomics in gut-brain axis in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), one of the main types of Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), is a systemic inflammatory disease characterized by dysfunctional pancreatic β-cells and/or peripheral insulin resistance, resulting in impaired glucose and lipid metabolism. Genetic, metabolic, multiple lifestyle, and sociodemographic factors are known as related to high T2DM risk. Dietary lipids and lipid metabolism are significant metabolic modulators in T2DM and T2DM-related complications. Besides, accumulated evidence suggests that altered gut microbiota which plays an important role in the metabolic health of the host contributes significantly to T2DM involving impaired or improved glucose and lipid metabolism. At this point, dietary lipids may affect host physiology and health via interaction with the gut microbiota. Besides, increasing evidence in the literature suggests that lipidomics as novel parameters detected with holistic analytical techniques have important roles in the pathogenesis and progression of T2DM, through various mechanisms of action including gut-brain axis modulation. A better understanding of the roles of some nutrients and lipidomics in T2DM through gut microbiota interactions will help develop new strategies for the prevention and treatment of T2DM. However, this issue has not yet been entirely discussed in the literature. The present review provides up-to-date knowledge on the roles of dietary lipids and lipidomics in gut-brain axis in T2DM and some nutritional strategies in T2DM considering lipids- lipidomics and gut microbiota interactions are given. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effects of maternal probiotic supplementation on breast milk microbiome and infant gut microbiome and health: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; OBJECTIVE: The early-life microbiome is formed during the perinatal period and is critical for infants’ lifelong health. This is established by maternal-infant microbiome crosstalk, which is mediated by the breast milk microbiome. The milk microbiome is dependent on the maternal gut microbiome, suggesting that it could potentially be restored through oral probiotic supplements. Therefore, we conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the effect of maternal probiotic supplements on breast milk and infant gut microbiome composition and on infant health. DATA SOURCES: The PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, Scopus, CINAHL, and Science Direct databases were searched until December 15, 2022. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Randomized controlled trials following the population, intervention, comparison, and outcome (population: pregnant or lactating women; intervention: probiotics; control: placebo or follow-up; outcome: breast milk and infant gut microbiome composition and infant health) principles were included. METHODS: Using a random effect model, the standard mean difference, risk difference, and risk ratio with 95% confidence interval were used to measure each outcome. All analyses were conducted using the intention-to-treat approach. Heterogeneity was evaluated using I2 statistics. RESULTS: The final data set included 24 randomized controlled trials with a total of 2761 mothers and 1756 infants. The overall effect of probiotics on the beneficial bacteria detection rate in breast milk had a risk difference of 24% (95% confidence interval, 0.1–0.37; P<.001; I2=91.12%). The pooled mean beneficial and pathogenic bacteria abundance in breast milk had a standard mean difference of 1.22 log10 colony forming units/mL (95% confidence interval, 0.48–1.97; P<.001; I2=95.51%) and −1.05 log10 colony forming unites/mL (95% confidence interval, −1.99 to −0.12; P=.03; I2=96.79%), respectively. The overall abundance of beneficial bacteria in the infant gut had a standard mean difference of 0.89 log10 colony forming units/g (95% confidence interval, 0.22–1.56; P=.01; I2=95.01%). It also controlled infant weight gain (standard mean difference, −0.49 kg/equivalent age; 95% confidence interval, −0.82 to −0.17; P<.001; I2=0.00%) and decreased the occurrence of infantile colic (risk ratio, 0.30; 95% confidence interval, 0.16–0.57; P<.001; I2=0.00%). CONCLUSION: Maternal probiotic supplements effectively orchestrate the breast milk and infant gut microbiome with a wide range of clinical benefits and safety. Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, Streptococcus thermophilus, and S. boulardii can be used as maternal supplements to promote infant health. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Autoimmune liver diseases and diabetes: A propensity score matched analysis and a proportional meta-analysis; Background and Aims: Patients with some chronic liver diseases have increased risk of diabetes. Whether this is also the case for patients with autoimmune liver diseases is unknown. The study aimed to calculate risk and worldwide prevalence of diabetes in patients with autoimmune hepatitis (AIH), primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) and primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC). Methods: We performed a case–control study using data from the United Kingdom Biobank (UKB) and compared frequency of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) in AIH and PBC with age-, sex-, BMI- and ethnicity-matched controls. Next, we performed a systematic review and proportional meta-analysis searching PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library and Web of Science (inception to 1 May 2022 [AIH]; 20 August 2022 [PBC]; 11 November 2022 [PSC]). The pooled prevalence of diabetes was calculated using an inverse method random effects model. Results: Three hundred twenty-eight AIH patients and 345 PBC patients were identified in UKB and risk of T1D and T2D significantly increased compared with matched controls. Our systematic search identified 6914 records including the UKB study. Of these, 77 studies were eligible for inclusion comprising 36 467, 39 924 and 4877 individuals with AIH, PBC and PSC, respectively. The pooled prevalence of T1D was 3.8% (2.6%–5.7%), 1.7% (0.9%–3.1%), 3.1% (1.9%–4.8%) and of T2D 14.8% (11.1%–19.5%), 18.1% (14.6%–22.2%), 6.3% (2.8%–13.3%) in patients with AIH, PBC and PSC, respectively. Conclusions: Patients with autoimmune liver diseases have increased risk of diabetes. Increased awareness of diabetes risk in patients with autoimmune liver diseases is warranted. © 2023 The Authors. Liver International published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Associations of alanine aminotransferase/aspartate aminotransferase with insulin resistance and β-cell function in women; We tested whether alanine aminotransferase/aspartate aminotransferase (ALT/AST), a marker of hepatosteatosis, associates with insulin resistance, β-cell function and postglucose glycemia. We studied 311 young and 148 middle-aged Japanese women, whose BMI averaged < 23.0 kg/m2. Insulinogenic index and Matsuda index were evaluated in 110 young and 65 middle-aged women. In two groups of women, ALT/AST was associated positively with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and inversely with Matsuda index. In middle-aged women only, the ratio was also associated positively with fasting and postload glycemia and HbA1c. The ratio showed negative association with disposition index (a product of insulinogenic index and Matsuda index). On multivariate linear regression analysis, HOMA-IR emerged as a single determinant of ALT/AST in young and middle-aged women (standardized β: 0.209, p = 0.003 and 0.372, p = 0.002, respectively). ALT/AST was associated with insulin resistance and β-cell function even in non-obese Japanese women, suggesting a pathophysiologic basis in its prediction of diabetic risk. © 2023, The Author(s).
An early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus based on metabolomic biomarkers; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents the main metabolic alteration during pregnancy. The available methods for diagnosing GDM identify women when the disease is established, and pancreatic beta-cell insufficiency has occurred.The present study aimed to generate an early prediction model (under 18 weeks of gestation) to identify those women who will later be diagnosed with GDM. Methods: A cohort of 75 pregnant women was followed during gestation, of which 62 underwent normal term pregnancy and 13 were diagnosed with GDM. Targeted metabolomics was used to select serum biomarkers with predictive power to identify women who will later be diagnosed with GDM. Results: Candidate metabolites were selected to generate an early identification model employing a criterion used when performing Random Forest decision tree analysis. A model composed of two short-chain acylcarnitines was generated: isovalerylcarnitine (C5) and tiglylcarnitine (C5:1). An analysis by ROC curves was performed to determine the classification performance of the acylcarnitines identified in the study, obtaining an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.934 (0.873–0.995, 95% CI). The model correctly classified all cases with GDM, while it misclassified ten controls as in the GDM group. An analysis was also carried out to establish the concentrations of the acylcarnitines for the identification of the GDM group, obtaining concentrations of C5 in a range of 0.015–0.25 μmol/L and of C5:1 with a range of 0.015–0.19 μmol/L. Conclusion: Early pregnancy maternal metabolites can be used to screen and identify pregnant women who will later develop GDM. Regardless of their gestational body mass index, lipid metabolism is impaired even in the early stages of pregnancy in women who develop GDM. © 2023, The Author(s).
History of Gestational Diabetes and Incident Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Kangbuk Samsung Health Study; INTRODUCTION: We examined the relationship between a previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) and risk of incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and investigated the effect of insulin resistance or development of diabetes as mediators of any association. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of 64,397 Korean parous women without NAFLD. The presence of and the severity of NAFLD at baseline and follow-up were assessed using liver ultrasonography. Cox proportional hazards models were used to determine adjusted hazard ratios for incident NAFLD according to a self-reported GDM history, adjusting for confounders as time-dependent variables. Mediation analyses were performed to examine whether diabetes or insulin resistance may mediate the association between pGDM and incident NAFLD. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 3.7 years, 6,032 women developed incident NAFLD (of whom 343 had moderate-to-severe NAFLD). Multivariable adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) comparing women with time-dependent pGDM with the reference group (no pGDM) were 1.46 (1.33–1.59) and 1.75 (1.25–2.44) for incident overall NAFLD and moderate-to-severe NAFLD, respectively. These associations remained significant in analyses restricted to women with normal fasting glucose <100 mg/dL or that excluded women with prevalent diabetes at baseline or incident diabetes during follow-up. Diabetes and insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance) each mediated <10% of the association between pGDM and overall NAFLD development. DISCUSSION: A previous history of GDM is an independent risk factor for NAFLD development. Insulin resistance, measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance, and development of diabetes each explained only <10% of the association between GDM and incident NAFLD. © 2023 by The American College of Gastroenterology.
Correction to: YY1 inactivated transcription co‐regulator PGC‐1α to promote mitochondrial dysfunction of early diabetic nephropathy‐associated tubulointerstitial fibrosis; The development of diabetic nephropathy (DN) could be promoted by the occurrence of tubulointerstitial fibrosis (TIF), which has a close relationship with mitochondrial dysfunction of renal tubular epithelial cells (RTECs). As a key regulator of metabolic homeostasis, Yin Yang 1 (YY1) plays an important role not only in regulating the fibrosis process but also in maintaining the mitochondrial function of pancreatic β-cells. However, it was not clear whether YY1 participated in maintaining mitochondrial function of RTECs in early DN-associated TIF. In this study, we dynamically detected mitochondrial functions and protein expression of YY1 in db/db mice and high glucose (HG)-cultured HK-2 cells. Our results showed that comparing with the occurrence of TIF, the emergence of mitochondrial dysfunction of RTECs was an earlier even, besides the up-regulated and nuclear translocated YY1. Correlation analysis showed YY1 expressions were negatively associated with PGC-1α in vitro and in vivo. Further mechanism research demonstrated the formation of mTOR-YY1 heterodimer induced by HG up-regulated YY1, the nuclear translocation of which inactivated PGC-1α by binding to the PGC-1α promoter. Overexpression of YY1 induced mitochondrial dysfunctions in normal glucose-cultured HK-2 cells and 8-weeks-old db/m mice. While, dysfunctional mitochondria induced by HG could be improved by knockdown of YY1. Finally, downregulation of YY1 could retard the progression of TIF by preventing mitochondrial functions, resulting in the improvement of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in early DN. These findings suggested that YY1 was a novel regulator of mitochondrial function of RTECs and contributed to the occurrence of early DN-associated TIF. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Plantain flour – A beneficial material for the organ and transcriptional profile of kidney of diabetic rats; This study investigated the ameliorative effects of plantain flour on the organs of diabetic rats, and explored the mechanism from the perspective of kidney transcription. Diabetes was induced in rats by streptozotocin (STZ) and a high-sugar and high-fat diet. The alleviation effects and molecular mechanism of diabetes by plantain flour at different doses (1 g/kg·Bw, 2 g/kg·Bw, and 4 g /kg·Bw) were evaluated based on the analysis of biochemical indicators, histological observations, homeostasis model, and kidney transcriptome. The findings demonstrated that the intervention of plantain flour can reduce the level of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and urea (UREA). The pathological study revealed that plantain flour can alleviate the pathological symptoms of fat accumulation in liver and kidney tissue. According to the homeostasis model, plantain flour was able to reduce insulin resistance in diabetic rats. Transcriptome analysis showed that plantain flour improved dyslipidemia by up-regulating Acsl1, down-regulating Fabp4 and Plin1, and reduced kidney injury by up-regulating Slco1a6, Hsd17b2, Cyp2c24, and Cyp2c11 genes. These results suggested that plantain flour could improve the organ damage caused by diabetes and has the potential to be developed into healthy food. © 2023 The Authors
Effects of a High-Fat Diet and Docosahexaenoic Acid during Pregnancy on Fatty Acid Composition in the Fetal Livers of Mice; A high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy promotes fat accumulation and reduces docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels in the liver of the offspring at postnatal ages, which can depend on fetal sex. However, the prenatal mechanisms behind these associations are still unclear. Thus, we analyzed if an HFD alters DHA content and the expression of molecules related to fatty acid (FA) metabolism in the fetal liver. Female C57BL/6 mice were fed a control diet or HFD for 4–6 weeks before pregnancy until the gestational day (GD) 17.5. A subgroup of each diet received DHA (100 mg/Kg) orally from GD 6.5 until 16.5. On GD 17.5, maternal livers, placentas, and livers from male and female fetuses were collected for FA profiling with gas-chromatography and gene expression of molecules related to FA metabolism using qPCR. PPAR-α protein expression was evaluated using Western blot. The gene expression of placental FA transporters was also assessed. An HFD increased eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and decreased DHA levels and protein expression of PPAR-α in the fetal livers of both sexes. DHA increased the gene expression of Ppara, Cpt1, and Acsl1 in the livers of female fetuses. Therefore, an HFD reduces DHA levels and PPAR-α, a master regulator of gene expression, in the fetal liver. In turn, the livers of female fetuses seem to be more sensitive to DHA action. © 2023 by the authors.
The association between fatty liver index and onset of diabetes: secondary analysis of a population-based cohort study; Background: According to research, the fatty liver index (FLI) is associated with diabetes. However, few studies have been conducted to investigate the relationship between FLI and diabetes risk from various perspectives. This study comprehensively investigated the relationship between FLI and incident diabetes in a large Japanese population. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included 14,280 participants from Murakami Memorial Hospital in Japan from 2004 to 2015. The independent and dependent variables are FLI and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), respectively. To examine the link between FLI and incident T2DM, Cox proportional-hazards regression was employed. In addition, we performed a number of sensitivity studies to guarantee the validity of the results. Moreover, we conducted subgroup analyses. Results: After adjusting covariates, the results showed that FLI was positively associated with the risk of T2DM (HR = 1.019, 95%CI: 1.012, 1.025). Additionally, the sensitivity analysis showed how reliable the outcomes were. And a stronger association between FLI and incident T2DM was observed in the regular exercisers (HR = 1.036, 95%CI: 1.019–1.053, P < 0.0001) and the population without ethanol consumption (HR = 1.028, 95%CI: 1.017–1.039, P < 0.0001). Besides, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis showed that FLI was better than waist circumference, triglycerides, body mass index, and gamma-glutamyl transferase in predicting incident T2DM. Conclusion: FLI is positively associated with incident T2DM. © 2023, The Author(s).
Plasma lipidomic profiling reveals metabolic adaptations to pregnancy and signatures of cardiometabolic risk: a preconception and longitudinal cohort study; Background: Adaptations in lipid metabolism are essential to meet the physiological demands of pregnancy and any aberration may result in adverse outcomes for both mother and offspring. However, there is a lack of population-level studies to define the longitudinal changes of maternal circulating lipids from preconception to postpartum in relation to cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: LC-MS/MS-based quantification of 689 lipid species was performed on 1595 plasma samples collected at three time points in a preconception and longitudinal cohort, Singapore PREconception Study of long-Term maternal and child Outcomes (S-PRESTO). We mapped maternal plasma lipidomic profiles at preconception (N = 976), 26–28 weeks’ pregnancy (N = 337) and 3 months postpartum (N = 282) to study longitudinal lipid changes and their associations with cardiometabolic risk factors including pre-pregnancy body mass index, body weight changes and glycaemic traits. Results: Around 56% of the lipids increased and 24% decreased in concentration in pregnancy before returning to the preconception concentration at postpartum, whereas around 11% of the lipids went through significant changes in pregnancy and their concentrations did not revert to the preconception concentrations. We observed a significant association of body weight changes with lipid changes across different physiological states, and lower circulating concentrations of phospholipids and sphingomyelins in pregnant mothers with higher pre-pregnancy BMI. Fasting plasma glucose and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentrations were lower whereas the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), 2-h post-load glucose and fasting insulin concentrations were higher in pregnancy as compared to both preconception and postpartum. Association studies of lipidomic profiles with these glycaemic traits revealed their respective lipid signatures at three physiological states. Assessment of glycaemic traits in relation to the circulating lipids at preconception with a large sample size (n = 936) provided an integrated view of the effects of hyperglycaemia on plasma lipidomic profiles. We observed a distinct relationship of lipidomic profiles with different measures, with the highest percentage of significant lipids associated with HOMA-IR (58.9%), followed by fasting insulin concentration (56.9%), 2-h post-load glucose concentration (41.8%), HbA1c (36.7%), impaired glucose tolerance status (31.6%) and fasting glucose concentration (30.8%). Conclusions: We describe the longitudinal landscape of maternal circulating lipids from preconception to postpartum, and a comprehensive view of trends and magnitude of pregnancy-induced changes in lipidomic profiles. We identified lipid signatures linked with cardiometabolic risk traits with potential implications both in pregnancy and postpartum life. Our findings provide insights into the metabolic adaptations and potential biomarkers of modifiable risk factors in childbearing women that may help in better assessment of cardiometabolic health, and early intervention at the preconception period. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03531658. © 2023, The Author(s).
Alpha-linolenic acid modulates systemic and adipose tissue-specific insulin sensitivity, inflammation, and the endocannabinoid system in dairy cows; Metabolic disorders are often linked to alterations in insulin signaling. Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids modulate immunometabolic responses; thus, we examined the effects of peripartum n-3 on systemic and adipose tissue (AT)-specific insulin sensitivity, immune function, and the endocannabinoid system (ECS) in dairy cows. Cows were supplemented peripartum with saturated fat (CTL) or flaxseed supplement rich in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Blood immunometabolic biomarkers were examined, and at 5–8 d postpartum (PP), an intravenous glucose-tolerance-test (GTT) and AT biopsies were performed. Insulin sensitivity in AT was assessed by phosphoproteomics and proteomics. Peripartum n-3 reduced the plasma concentrations of Interleukin-6 (IL-6) and IL-17α, lowered the percentage of white blood cells PP, and reduced inflammatory proteins in AT. Systemic insulin sensitivity was higher in ALA than in CTL. In AT, the top canonical pathways, according to the differential phosphoproteome in ALA, were protein-kinase-A signaling and insulin-receptor signaling; network analysis and immunoblots validated the lower phosphorylation of protein kinase B (Akt), and lower abundance of insulin receptor, together suggesting reduced insulin sensitivity in ALA AT. The n-3 reduced the plasma concentrations of ECS-associated ligands, and lowered the abundances of cannabinoid-1-receptor and monoglycerol-lipase in peripheral blood mononuclear cells PP. Peripartum ALA supplementation in dairy cows improved systemic insulin sensitivity and immune function, reduced ECS components, and had tissue-specific effects on insulin-sensitivity in AT, possibly counter-balancing the systemic responses. © 2023, The Author(s).
A transdermal treatment with MC903 ameliorates diet-induced obesity by reducing visceral fat and increasing myofiber thickness and energy consumption in mice; Aim: MC903 is a synthetic derivative of vitamin D3 that has been designed to diminish its impact on calcium metabolism and is clinically used as a transdermal reagent for psoriasis. Animal studies showed that an oral or intraperitoneal vitamin D3 treatment prevented the development of obesity. In contrast, the bioavailability of orally administered vitamin D3 is reported to be low in obese patients. In the current study, we aimed to investigate the impact of a transdermal treatment with MC903 in established obese mice. We further studied the underlying mechanisms of MC903-mediated metabolic improvement. Materials and methods: Male C57BL/6 J mice were fed standard chow or a 60% high-fat diet (HFD) for 7 weeks, and a transdermal treatment with MC903 on the ear auricle was initiated thereafter. The metabolic profiles of mice were analyzed during 4 weeks of treatment, and mice were dissected for histological and gene expression analyses. The direct impacts of MC903 and vitamin D3 were investigated using 3T3-L1 adipocytes and C2C12 myotubes in vitro. Results: HFD-fed mice showed significant increases in body and epididymal white adipose tissue (eWAT) weights with enlarged adipocytes. They exhibited glucose intolerance, decreased oxygen consumption, and chronic inflammation in eWAT. The transdermal treatment with MC903 significantly ameliorated these metabolic abnormalities in HFD-fed mice without affecting food consumption. In accordance with enhanced energy metabolism, myofiber diameters and the expression of uncoupling protein 3 (UCP3) in the gastrocnemius and soleus muscle were significantly increased in MC903-treated HFD mice. In addition, vitamin D3 and MC903 both suppressed adipogenic differentiation and enhanced lipolysis in 3T3-L1 adipocytes, and increased UCP3 expression in cultured C2C12 myotubes. Furthermore, MC903 increased oxygen consumption and UCP3 knockdown significantly decreased them in C2C12 myotubes. Conclusions: A transdermal treatment with MC903 increased myofiber diameter and energy metabolism and decreased visceral fat accumulation, thereby improving obesity and glucose intolerance in mice. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effects of eight-week high-intensity interval training on some metabolic, hormonal and cardiovascular indices in women with PCOS: a randomized controlled trail; Background: Studies have revealed that high-intensity interval training (HIIT) has beneficial effect on hormonal, cardiovascular indices in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). There, however, is still no comprehensive data on the type, intensity and duration of training for these women. Objective: The current study aimed to investigate the effects of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) on metabolic, hormonal and cardiovascular indices in women with PCOS compared to a control group. Methods: In a randomized controlled study, 28 patients (age: 23.8 ± 5.3 years, weight: 82.4 ± 9.7 kg, BMI: 30.33 ± 3.99 kg/m2) were divided into two groups including HIIT (n = 14) and the control (n = 14). The training protocol was performed with 100–110 maximum aerobic velocity (MAV), 4–6 sets, 4 laps, 3 sessions per week for eight weeks. Anthropometric indices, aerobic performance, insulin resistance and sensitivity, lipid profiles, testosterone, cortisol and hs-CRP were evaluated. Results: The HIIT intervention decreased BMI, waist to hip ratio (WHR), visceral fat, insulin, insulin resistance, low density lipoprotein (LDL), atherogenic index, cholesterol and cortisol (P < 0.05). All variables remained unchanged in the control group (P > 0.05). Except for VAI, FBG, HDL, TG and AIP, the rest of the variables in the training and control groups show a significant difference (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The results of the present study indicate that eight weeks of HIIT has beneficial effects on anthropometric, insulin sensitivity, fat profile, and inflammatory and cardiovascular indices in PCOS patients. It seems that the intensity of HIIT (100–110 MAV) is a determining factor in creating optimal adaptations in PCOS patients. Trail registration: IRCT20130812014333N143. Registration date: 22/03/2020. URL: https://en.irct.ir/trial/46295. © 2023, The Author(s).
Maternal cafeteria diet influences kisspeptin (Kiss1), kisspeptin receptor(Gpr54), and sirtuin (Sirt1) genes, hormonal and metabolic profiles, and reproductive functions in rat offspring in a sex-specific manner; Kisspeptin (KP, encoded by Kiss1, binding to the Gpr54 receptor) is a neuropeptide conveying information on the metabolic status to the hypothalamic–pituitary–gonadal axis. KP acts together with dynorphin A (encoded by Pdyn) and neurokinin B (encoded by Tac2) to regulate reproduction. KP is crucial for the onset of puberty and is under the control of sirtuin (encoded by Sirt1). We hypothesize that the maternal cafeteria (CAF) diet has adverse effects on the offspring’s hormonal, metabolic, and reproductive functions due to sex-specific alterations in the expression of Kiss1, Gpr54, Pdyn, Tac2, and Sirt1 in the hypothalamus, and Kiss1, Gpr54, and Sirt1 in the liver. Rats were fed a CAF diet before pregnancy, during pregnancy, and during lactation. The vaginal opening was monitored. Offspring were sacrificed in three age points: PND 30, PND 35, and PND 60 (females) and PND 40, PND 45, and PND 60 (males). Their metabolic and hormonal status was assessed. mRNA for Kiss1, Gpr54, Pdyn, Tac2, and Sirt1 were measured by real-time PCR in the hypothalamus and/or livers. We found that CAF offspring had lower weight and altered body composition; increased cholesterol and triglyceride levels, sex-specific changes in glucose and insulin levels; sex-dependent changes in Sirt1/Kiss1 mRNA ratio in the hypothalamus; sex-specific alterations in Kiss1 and Sirt1 mRNA in the liver with more diversity in males; and a delayed puberty onset in females. We concluded that the mother’s CAF diet leads to sex-specific alterations in metabolic and reproductive outcomes via Kiss1/Gpr54 and Sirt1 systems in offspring. © The Author(s) 2023.
The Pan-liver Network Theory: From Traditional Chinese Medicine to Western Medicine; In traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), the liver is the “general organ” that is responsible for governing/maintaining the free flow of qi over the entire body and storing blood. According to the classic five elements theory, zang–xiang theory, yin–yang theory, meridians and collaterals theory, and the five–viscera correlation theory, the liver has essential relationships with many extrahepatic organs or tissues, such as the mother–child relationships between the liver and the heart, and the yin–yang and exterior–interior relationships between the liver and the gallbladder. The influences of the liver to the extrahepatic organs or tissues have been well-established when treating the extrahepatic diseases from the perspective of modulating the liver by using the ancient classic prescriptions of TCM and the acupuncture and moxibustion. In modern medicine, as the largest solid organ in the human body, the liver has the typical functions of filtration and storage of blood; metabolism of carbohydrates, fats, proteins, hormones, and foreign chemicals; formation of bile; storage of vitamins and iron; and formation of coagulation factors. The liver also has essential endocrine function, and acts as an immunological organ due to containing the resident immune cells. In the perspective of modern human anatomy, physiology, and pathophysiology, the liver has the organ interactions with the extrahepatic organs or tissues, for example, the gut, pancreas, adipose, skeletal muscle, heart, lung, kidney, brain, spleen, eyes, skin, bone, and sexual organs, through the circulation (including hemodynamics, redox signals, hepatokines, metabolites, and the translocation of microbiota or its products, such as endotoxins), the neural signals, or other forms of pathogenic factors, under normal or diseases status. The organ interactions centered on the liver not only influence the homeostasis of these indicated organs or tissues, but also contribute to the pathogenesis of cardiometabolic diseases (including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic [dysfunction]-associated fatty liver diseases, and cardio-cerebrovascular diseases), pulmonary diseases, hyperuricemia and gout, chronic kidney disease, and male and female sexual dysfunction. Therefore, based on TCM and modern medicine, the liver has the bidirectional interaction with the extrahepatic organ or tissue, and this established bidirectional interaction system may further interact with another one or more extrahepatic organs/tissues, thus depicting a complex “pan-hepatic network” model. The pan-hepatic network acts as one of the essential mechanisms of homeostasis and the pathogenesis of diseases. © 2023 Chinese Journal of Physiology.
Association of rotating night shift work, CLOCK, MTNR1A, MTNR1B genes polymorphisms and their interactions with type 2 diabetes among steelworkers: a case–control study; Background: The purpose of this study is to investigate the association of rotating night shift work, CLOCK, MTNR1A, MTNR1B genes polymorphisms and their interactions with type 2 diabetes among steelworkers. Methods: A case–control study was conducted in the Tangsteel company in Tangshan, China. The sample sizes of the case group and control group were 251 and 451, respectively. The logistic regression, log-linear model and generalized multifactor dimensionality (GMDR) method were used to investigate the interaction between circadian clock gene, melatonin receptor genes and rotating night shift work on type 2 diabetes among steelworkers. Relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI) and attributable proportions (AP) were used to evaluate additive interactions. Results: Rotating night shift work, current shift status, duration of night shifts, and average frequency of night shifts were associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes after adjustment for confounders. Rs1387153 variants in MTNR1B was found to be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, which was not found between MTNR1A gene rs2119882 locus, CLOCK gene rs1801260 locus and the risk of type 2 diabetes. The association between rotating night shift work and risk of type 2 diabetes appeared to be modified by MTNR1B gene rs1387153 locus (RERI = 0.98, (95% CI, 0.40–1.55); AP = 0.60, (95% CI, 0.07–1.12)). The interaction between MTNR1A gene rs2119882 locus and CLOCK gene rs1801260 locus was associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (RERI = 1.07, (95% CI, 0.23–1.91); AP = 0.77, (95% CI, 0.36–1.17)). The complex interaction of the MTNR1A-MTNR1B-CLOCK-rotating night shift work model based on the GMDR methods may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes (P = 0.011). Conclusions: Rotating night shift work and rs1387153 variants in MTNR1B were associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes among steelworkers. The complex interaction of MTNR1A-MTNR1B-CLOCK-rotating night shift work may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. © 2023, The Author(s).
Evaluating glucose variability through OGTT in early pregnancy and its association with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in non-diabetic pregnancies: a large-scale multi-center retrospective study; Background: Recent evidence suggests increased glucose variability (GV) causes endothelial dysfunction, a central pathology of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). We aimed to investigate the association between GV in early pregnancy and subsequent HDP development among non-diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnancies. Methods: This multicenter retrospective study used data from singleton pregnancies between 2009 and 2019. Among individuals who had 75 g-OGTT before 20 weeks of gestation, we evaluated GV by 75 g-OGTT parameters and examined its relationship with HDP development, defining an initial-increase from fasting-plasma glucose (PG) to 1-h-PG and subsequent-decrease from 1-h-PG to 2-h-PG. Results: Approximately 3.0% pregnancies (802/26,995) had 75 g-OGTT before 20 weeks of gestation, and they had a higher prevalence of HDP (14.3% vs. 7.5%). The initial-increase was significantly associated with overall HDP (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 1.02–1.42), and the subsequent-decrease was associated with decreased and increased development of early-onset (EoHDP: aOR 0.56, 95% CI 0.38–0.82) and late-onset HDP (LoHDP: aOR 1.38, 95% CI 1.11–1.73), respectively. Conclusions: A pattern of marked initial-increase and minor subsequent-decrease (i.e., sustained hyperglycemia) was associated with EoHDP. Contrarily, the pattern of marked initial-increase and subsequent-decrease (i.e., increased GV) was associated with LoHDP. This provides a new perspective for future study strategies. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effects of half-dose spiomet treatment in girls with early puberty and accelerated bone maturation: a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled study protocol; Background: A “mismatch” sequence of less prenatal weight gain and more postnatal weight gain may lead to ectopic lipid accumulation, and trigger the development of early adrenarche/pubarche and the activation of the gonadotropic axis resulting in early puberty and ending up in full-blown adolescent polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In the present study, we assess whether a low-dose combination of generics that collectively reduce ectopic fat through different pathways can slow down the accelerated maturation in “mismatch” girls with early puberty. Methods: Randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter, phase 2a, study in 64 girls [age, 8.0–9.3 years; birthweight (BW) for gestational age in lower tertile (−1.96< Z-score <−0.44), body mass index (BMI) in upper tertile (+0.44< Z-score < +1.96) and early progressive puberty (Tanner B2 at 7.7–9.0 years)]. Pharmacological intervention will be with a half-dose version of SPIOMET (mini-spiomet), a combination that reverts the PCOS phenotype in “mismatch” adolescents; mini-spiomet will contain spironolactone (25 mg/day, to raise brown adipose tissue activity), pioglitazone (3.75 mg/day, to raise adiponectin and insulin sensitivity), and metformin (425 mg/day, to raise AMPK activity and GDF15). Recruitment: 1 year; double-blind treatment: 1 year; open follow-up: 1 year; analyses and reporting: 1 year. Interventions: randomization (1:1) for placebo vs mini-spiomet. Primary outcome: annualized bone age advancement (0–1 year) by BoneXpert; secondary outcomes: insulin, IGF-I, high-molecular-weight adiponectin (HMW-adip), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), ultra-sensitive C-reactive protein (usCRP), androgens, luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), oestradiol, growth-and-differentiation factor 15 (GDF15), C-X-C motif chemokine ligand-14 (CXCL14), safety parameters, and quantification of hepato-visceral fat. Discussion: The present study, if successful, may provide a first proof of the concept that the rapid maturation of girls with an upward mismatch between pre- and post-natal weight gain can be slowed down with a fixed low-dose combination of old and safe generics jointly targeting a reduction of ectopic fat without necessarily lowering body weight. Trial registration: EudraCT 2021-006766-21. Registered on May 30, 2022. © 2023, The Author(s).
Gut microbiota alters host bile acid metabolism to contribute to intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a female pregnancy-specific disorder that is characterized by increased serum bile acid and adverse fetal outcomes. The aetiology and mechanism of ICP are poorly understood; thus, existing therapies have been largely empiric. Here we show that the gut microbiome differed significantly between individuals with ICP and healthy pregnant women, and that colonization with gut microbiome from ICP patients was sufficient to induce cholestasis in mice. The gut microbiomes of ICP patients were primarily characterized by Bacteroides fragilis (B. fragilis), and B. fragilis was able to promote ICP by inhibiting FXR signaling via its BSH activity to modulate bile acid metabolism. B. fragilis-mediated FXR signaling inhibition was responsible for excessive bile acid synthesis and interrupted hepatic bile excretion to ultimately promote the initiation of ICP. We propose that modulation of the gut microbiota-bile acid-FXR axis may be of value for ICP treatment. © 2023, The Author(s).
Pentadecanoic Acid (C15:0), an Essential Fatty Acid, Shares Clinically Relevant Cell-Based Activities with Leading Longevity-Enhancing Compounds; Pentadecanoic acid (C15:0) is an essential odd-chain saturated fatty acid with broad activities relevant to protecting cardiometabolic, immune, and liver health. C15:0 activates AMPK and inhibits mTOR, both of which are core components of the human longevity pathway. To assess the potential for C15:0 to enhance processes associated with longevity and healthspan, we used human cell-based molecular phenotyping assays to compare C15:0 with three longevity-enhancing candidates: acarbose, metformin, and rapamycin. C15:0 (n = 36 activities in 10 of 12 cell systems) and rapamycin (n = 32 activities in 12 of 12 systems) had the most clinically relevant, dose-dependent activities. At their optimal doses, C15:0 (17 µM) and rapamycin (9 µM) shared 24 activities across 10 cell systems, including anti-inflammatory (e.g., lowered MCP-1, TNFα, IL-10, IL-17A/F), antifibrotic, and anticancer activities, which are further supported by previously published in vitro and in vivo studies. Paired with prior demonstrated abilities for C15:0 to target longevity pathways, hallmarks of aging, aging rate biomarkers, and core components of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, our results support C15:0 as an essential nutrient with activities equivalent to, or surpassing, leading longevity-enhancing candidate compounds. © 2023 by the authors.
Genetically proxied vitamin B12 and homocysteine in relation to life course adiposity and body composition; Objective: Observational studies explore the association between vitamin B12 and obesity. However, causality is not reflected by such observations. We performed a bi-directional Mendelian randomization (MR) study to elucidate the causal relationship of vitamin B12 and homocysteine (Hcy) with life course adiposity and body composition. Methods: Two-sample MR analysis was conducted. Independent genetic variants associated with vitamin B12 and Hcy from large-scale genome-wide association studies (GWASs) were utilized as genetic instruments, and their causal effects on five life course adiposity phenotypes (birth weight, body mass index (BMI), childhood BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio) and three body compositions (body fat mass, body fat-free mass, body fat percentage) were estimated from UK Biobank, other consortia, and large-scale GWASs. The inverse variance weighting (IVW, main analysis), bi-directional MR, and other six sensitivity MR analyses were performed. Results: Genetically proxied higher vitamin B12 concentrations were robustly associated with reduced BMI (Beta = −0.01, 95% confidence interval (CI) −0.016 to −0.004, P = 7.60E-04), body fat mass (Beta = −0.012, 95%CI -0.018 to −0.007, P = 1.69E-05), and body fat percentage (Beta = −0.005, 95%CI -0.009 to −0.002, P = 4.12E-03) per SD unit by IVW and other sensitivity analyses. Stratification analysis showed that these results remained significant in females and at different body sites (all P < 0.05 after Bonferroni correction). Bi-directional analyses showed no reverse causation. Conclusions: This study provides strong evidence for the causal effect of vitamin B12 on adiposity. This gives novel clues for intervening obesity in public health and nutrition. © 2023
Recent approaches to the liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis of modified deoxynucleosides as biomarkers in clinical research; Chromatographic techniques have found wide application in the quantitative analysis of modified deoxynucleosides in DNA and biological fluids, which is also reflected in clinical research. Recently most determinations have been made using ultra/high-pressure liquid chromatography with mass spectrometric detection. Increasing the reliability of the results forces the use of internal standards labeled with stable isotopes. Progressing automation is also noticeable at the preparation level and chromatographic analysis. This review article focuses on the recent developments and advances related to the use of deoxynucleosides quantification in clinical applications by liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry. We also direct attention to the potential sources and importance of the contamination in this type of analysis. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
The Ketogenic Effect of SGLT-2 Inhibitors—Beneficial or Harmful?; Sodium–glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, also called gliflozins or flozins, are a class of drugs that have been increasingly used in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) due to their glucose-lowering, cardiovascular (CV), and renal positive effects. However, recent studies suggest that SGLT-2 inhibitors might also have a ketogenic effect, increasing ketone body production. While this can be beneficial for some patients, it may also result in several potential unfavorable effects, such as decreased bone mineral density, infections, and ketoacidosis, among others. Due to the intricate and multifaceted impact caused by SGLT-2 inhibitors, this initially anti-diabetic class of medications has been effectively used to treat both patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and those with heart failure (HF). Additionally, their therapeutic potential appears to extend beyond the currently investigated conditions. The objective of this review article is to present a thorough summary of the latest research on the mechanism of action of SGLT-2 inhibitors, their ketogenesis, and their potential synergy with the ketogenic diet for managing diabetes. The article particularly discusses the benefits and risks of combining SGLT-2 inhibitors with the ketogenic diet and their clinical applications and compares them with other anti-diabetic agents in terms of ketogenic effects. It also explores future directions regarding the ketogenic effects of SGLT-2 inhibitors. © 2023 by the authors.
Dietary intakes of branched-chain amino acids and plasma lipid profiles among filipino women in Korea: the Filipino Women’s Diet and Health Study (FiLWHEL); Background: The potential role of dietary branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) in metabolic health, including cardiovascular disease and diabetes, is evolving, and it is yet to be understood if dietary BCAA intakes are associated with plasma lipid profiles or dyslipidaemia. This study tested the association of dietary BCAA intakes with plasma lipid profiles and dyslipidaemia among Filipino women in Korea. Methods: Energy-adjusted dietary BCAA intakes (isoleucine, leucine, valine, and total BCAA) and fasting blood profiles of triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) were determined in a sample of 423 women enrolled in the Filipino Women’s Diet and Health Study (FiLWHEL). The generalized linear model was applied to estimate least-square (LS) means and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and compare plasma TG, TC, HDL-C, and LDL-C across tertile distribution of energy-adjusted dietary BCAA intakes at P < 0.05. Results: Mean of energy-adjusted dietary total BCAA intake was 8.3 ± 3.9 g/d. Average plasma lipid profiles were 88.5 ± 47.4 mg/dl for TG, 179.7 ± 34.5 mg/dl for TC, 58.0 ± 13.7 mg/dl for HDL-C, and 104.0 ± 30.5 mg/dl for LDL-C. LS means, and 95% CIs across tertiles of energy-adjusted total BCAA intakes were 89.9 mg/dl, 88.8 mg/dl and 85.8 mg/dl (P-trend = 0.45) for TG, 179.1 mg/dl, 183.6 mg/dl and 176.5 mg/dl (P-trend = 0.48) for TC, 57.5 mg/dl, 59.6 mg/dl and 57.1 mg/dl (P-trend = 0.75) for HDL-C and 103.6 mg/dl, 106.2 mg/dl and 102.3 mg/dl (P-trend = 0.68) for LDL-C. Furthermore, the multivariable-adjusted prevalence ratios and 95% confidence intervals for dyslipidaemia across increasing tertile distribution of energy-adjusted total BCAA intake were; 1.00, 0.67 (0.40, 1.13) and 0.45 (0.16, 1.27; P-trend = 0.03) for the first, second and third tertile, respectively. Conclusions: Higher dietary intakes of BCAA presented a statistically significant inverse trend with the prevalence of dyslipidaemia among Filipino women in this study and testing these associations in longitudinal studies may be necessary to confirm these findings. © 2023, The Author(s).
Preconception and developmental DEHP exposure alter liver metabolism in a sex-dependent manner in adult mouse offspring; Environmental exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) during critical periods of development is associated with an increased risk of metabolic diseases, including hepatic steatosis and obesity. Di-2-ethylhexyl-phthalate (DEHP) is an EDC strongly associated with these metabolic abnormalities. DEHP developmental windows of susceptibility are unknown yet have important public health implications. The purpose of this study was to identify these windows of susceptibility and determine whether developmental DEHP exposure alters hepatic metabolism later in life. Dams were exposed to control or feed containing human exposure relevant doses of DEHP (50 μg/kg BW/d) and high dose DEHP (10 mg/kg BW/d) from preconception until weaning or only exposed to DEHP during preconception. Post-weaning, all offspring were fed a control diet throughout adulthood. Using the Metabolon Untargeted Metabolomics platform, we identified 148 significant metabolites in female adult livers that were altered by preconception-gestation-lactation DEHP exposure. We found a significant increase in the levels of acylcarnitines, diacylglycerols, sphingolipids, glutathione, purines, and pyrimidines in DEHP-exposed female livers compared to controls. These changes in fatty acid oxidation and oxidative stress-related metabolites were correlated with hepatic changes including microvesicular steatosis, hepatocyte swelling, inflammation. In contrast to females, we observed fewer metabolic alterations in male offspring, which were uniquely found in preconception-only low dose DEHP exposure group. Although we found that preconception-gestational-lactation exposure causes the most liver pathology, we surprisingly found preconception exposure linked to an abnormal liver metabolome. We also found that two doses exhibited non-monotonic DEHP-induced changes in the liver. Collectively, these findings suggest that metabolic changes in the adult liver of offspring exposed periconceptionally to DHEP depends on the timing of exposure, dose, and sex. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Small molecule metabolites: discovery of biomarkers and therapeutic targets; Metabolic abnormalities lead to the dysfunction of metabolic pathways and metabolite accumulation or deficiency which is well-recognized hallmarks of diseases. Metabolite signatures that have close proximity to subject’s phenotypic informative dimension, are useful for predicting diagnosis and prognosis of diseases as well as monitoring treatments. The lack of early biomarkers could lead to poor diagnosis and serious outcomes. Therefore, noninvasive diagnosis and monitoring methods with high specificity and selectivity are desperately needed. Small molecule metabolites-based metabolomics has become a specialized tool for metabolic biomarker and pathway analysis, for revealing possible mechanisms of human various diseases and deciphering therapeutic potentials. It could help identify functional biomarkers related to phenotypic variation and delineate biochemical pathways changes as early indicators of pathological dysfunction and damage prior to disease development. Recently, scientists have established a large number of metabolic profiles to reveal the underlying mechanisms and metabolic networks for therapeutic target exploration in biomedicine. This review summarized the metabolic analysis on the potential value of small-molecule candidate metabolites as biomarkers with clinical events, which may lead to better diagnosis, prognosis, drug screening and treatment. We also discuss challenges that need to be addressed to fuel the next wave of breakthroughs. © 2023, The Author(s).
The number of metabolic syndrome risk factors predicts alterations in gut microbiota in Chinese children from the Huantai study; Background: Evidence on the effect of gut microbiota on the number of metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk factors among children is scarce. We aimed to examine the alterations of gut microbiota with different numbers of MetS risk factors among children. Methods: Data were collected from a nested case–control study at the baseline of the Huantai Childhood Cardiovascular Health Cohort Study in Zibo, China. We compared the differences in gut microbiota based on 16S rRNA gene sequencing among 72 children with different numbers of MetS risk factors matched by age and sex (i.e., none, one, and two-or-more MetS risk factors; 24 children for each group). Results: The community richness (i.e., the total number of species in the community) and diversity (i.e., the richness and evenness of species in the community) of gut microbiota decreased with an increased number of MetS risk factors in children (P for trend < 0.05). Among genera with a relative abundance greater than 0.01%, the relative abundance of Lachnoclostridium (PFDR = 0.009) increased in the MetS risk groups, whereas Alistipes (PFDR < 0.001) and Lachnospiraceae_NK4A136_group (PFDR = 0.043) decreased in the MetS risk groups compared to the non-risk group. The genus Christensenellaceae_R-7_group excelled at distinguishing one and two-or-more risk groups from the non-risk group (area under the ROC curve [AUC]: 0.84 − 0.92), while the genera Family_XIII_AD3011_group (AUC: 0.73 − 0.91) and Lachnoclostridium (AUC: 0.77 − 0.80) performed moderate abilities in identifying none, one, and two-or-more MetS risk factors in children. Conclusions: Based on the nested case–control study and the 16S rRNA gene sequencing technology, we found that dysbiosis of gut microbiota, particularly for the genera Christensenellaceae_R-7_group, Family_XIII_AD3011_group, and Lachnoclostridium may contribute to the early detection and the accumulation of MetS risk factors in childhood. © 2023, The Author(s).
Mitochondria-derived peptide MOTS-c: effects and mechanisms related to stress, metabolism and aging; MOTS-c is a peptide encoded by the short open reading frame of the mitochondrial 12S rRNA gene. It is significantly expressed in response to stress or exercise and translocated to the nucleus, where it regulates the expression of stress adaptation-related genes with antioxidant response elements (ARE). MOTS-c mainly acts through the Folate-AICAR-AMPK pathway, thereby influencing energy metabolism, insulin resistance, inflammatory response, exercise, aging and aging-related pathologies. Because of the potential role of MOTS-c in maintaining energy and stress homeostasis to promote healthy aging, especially in view of the increasing aging of the global population, it is highly pertinent to summarize the relevant studies. This review summarizes the retrograde signaling of MOTS-c toward the nucleus, the regulation of energy metabolism, stress homeostasis, and aging-related pathological processes, as well as the underlying molecular mechanisms. © 2023, The Author(s).
Metabolomic Profiles of Nonobese and Obese Women With Gestational Diabetes; Context: In non-pregnant population, nonobese individuals with obesity-related metabolome have increased risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The risk of these diseases is also increased after gestational diabetes. Objective: This work aimed to examine whether nonobese (body mass index [BMI] < 30) and obese (BMI ≥ 30) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obese non-GDM women differ in metabolomic profiles from nonobese non-GDM controls. Methods: Levels of 66 metabolic measures were assessed in early (median 13, IQR 12.4-13.7 gestation weeks), and across early, mid (20, 19.3-23.0), and late (28, 27.0-35.0) pregnancy blood samples in 755 pregnant women from the PREDO and RADIEL studies. The independent replication cohort comprised 490 pregnant women. Results: Nonobese and obese GDM, and obese non-GDM women differed similarly from the controls across early, mid, and late pregnancy in 13 measures, including very low-density lipoprotein-related measures, and fatty acids. In 6 measures, including fatty acid (FA) ratios, glycolysis-related measures, valine, and 3-hydroxybutyrate, the differences between obese GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls. In 16 measures, including HDL-related measures, FA ratios, amino acids, and inflammation, differences between obese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM women and controls. Most differences were evident in early pregnancy, and in the replication cohort were more often in the same direction than would be expected by chance alone. Conclusion: Differences between nonobese and obese GDM, or obese non-GDM women and controls in metabolomic profiles may allow detection of high-risk women for timely targeted preventive interventions. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Child and adolescent obesity; The prevalence of child and adolescent obesity has plateaued at high levels in most high-income countries and is increasing in many low-income and middle-income countries. Obesity arises when a mix of genetic and epigenetic factors, behavioural risk patterns and broader environmental and sociocultural influences affect the two body weight regulation systems: energy homeostasis, including leptin and gastrointestinal tract signals, operating predominantly at an unconscious level, and cognitive–emotional control that is regulated by higher brain centres, operating at a conscious level. Health-related quality of life is reduced in those with obesity. Comorbidities of obesity, including type 2 diabetes mellitus, fatty liver disease and depression, are more likely in adolescents and in those with severe obesity. Treatment incorporates a respectful, stigma-free and family-based approach involving multiple components, and addresses dietary, physical activity, sedentary and sleep behaviours. In adolescents in particular, adjunctive therapies can be valuable, such as more intensive dietary therapies, pharmacotherapy and bariatric surgery. Prevention of obesity requires a whole-system approach and joined-up policy initiatives across government departments. Development and implementation of interventions to prevent paediatric obesity in children should focus on interventions that are feasible, effective and likely to reduce gaps in health inequalities. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
Protective role of metformin in preeclampsia via the regulation of NF-κB/sFlt-1 and Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathways by activating AMPK; Introduction: Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy complication that leads to hypertension and proteinuria and causes maternal mortality. Metformin (MET) is an oral hypoglycemic agent that activates AMPK-regulated signaling pathways and inhibits inflammation and oxidative stress responses. This study explored MET's roles and molecular mechanisms in PE. Methods: The protein or mRNA expression of signaling pathways and inflammation-related genes were detected by Western blotting and RT-qPCR and cell viability was analyzed with MTT. In addition, flow cytometry was used to assess apoptosis, and mitochondrial membrane potential was detected using JC-1 staining with flow cytometry. Moreover, LDH Cytotoxicity Assay Kit detected the release of LDH, and ROS, MDA, or SOD kits detected oxidative stress-related factors. Results: MET significantly inhibited inflammatory damage and oxidative stress responses in LPS-induced HTR-8/SVneo cells. Besides, MET could activate AMPK and then affect NF-κB/sFlt-1 and Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathways in LPS-induced HTR-8/SVneo cells. Compound C (an AMPK inhibitor) significantly reversed MET's effects on LPS-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells. Discussion: MET attenuated inflammatory and oxidative stress of HTR-8/SVneo cells in PE by activating AMPK to regulate NF-κB/sFlt-1 and Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathways, suggesting that MET was a potential therapeutic drug for PE. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Roles of protein post-translational modifications in glucose and lipid metabolism: mechanisms and perspectives; The metabolism of glucose and lipids is essential for energy production in the body, and dysregulation of the metabolic pathways of these molecules is implicated in various acute and chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, Alzheimer’s disease, atherosclerosis (AS), obesity, tumor, and sepsis. Post-translational modifications (PTMs) of proteins, which involve the addition or removal of covalent functional groups, play a crucial role in regulating protein structure, localization function, and activity. Common PTMs include phosphorylation, acetylation, ubiquitination, methylation, and glycosylation. Emerging evidence indicates that PTMs are significant in modulating glucose and lipid metabolism by modifying key enzymes or proteins. In this review, we summarize the current understanding of the role and regulatory mechanisms of PTMs in glucose and lipid metabolism, with a focus on their involvement in disease progression associated with aberrant metabolism. Furthermore, we discuss the future prospects of PTMs, highlighting their potential for gaining deeper insights into glucose and lipid metabolism and related diseases. © 2023, The Author(s).
Prebiotics, Probiotics, and Synbiotics—A Research Hotspot for Pediatric Obesity; Childhood obesity is a major public health problem worldwide with an increasing prevalence, associated not only with metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but also with psychosocial problems. Gut microbiota is a new factor in childhood obesity, which can modulate the blood lipopolysaccharide levels, the satiety, and fat distribution, and can ensure additional calories to the host. The aim of this review was to assess the differences and the impact of the gut microbial composition on several obesity-related complications such as metabolic syndrome, NAFLD, or insulin resistance. Early dysbiosis was proven to be associated with an increased predisposition to obesity. Depending on the predominant species, the gut microbiota might have either a positive or negative impact on the development of obesity. Prebiotics, probiotics, and synbiotics were suggested to have a positive effect on improving the gut microbiota and reducing cardio-metabolic risk factors. The results of clinical trials regarding probiotic, prebiotic, and synbiotic administration in children with metabolic syndrome, NAFLD, and insulin resistance are controversial. Some of them (Lactobacillus rhamnosus bv-77, Lactobacillus salivarius, and Bifidobacterium animalis) were proven to reduce the body mass index in obese children, and also improve the blood lipid content; others (Bifidobacterium bifidum, Bifidobacterium longum, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus, Enterococcus faecium, and fructo-oligosaccharides) failed in proving any effect on lipid parameters and glucose metabolism. Further studies are necessary for understanding the mechanism of the gut microbiota in childhood obesity and for developing low-cost effective strategies for its management. © 2023 by the authors.
High-normal serum bilirubin decreased the risk of lower limb atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes: a real-world study; Background: Bilirubin has been found to protect against overt atherosclerotic diseases, but to date, few studies have investigated the effects of bilirubin especially within the normal range on lower limb atherosclerosis. Therefore, we aimed to assess the associations of bilirubin within normal limits including total bilirubin (TB), conjugated bilirubin (CB) and unconjugated bilirubin (UCB) with lower limb atherosclerosis in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: 7284 T2DM patients with normal levels of serum bilirubin were included in this cross-sectional, real-world study. Patients were divided into quintiles by TB levels (< 8.7, 8.7-10.19, 10.20-11.99, 12-13.99, > 13.99 µmol/L). Lower limb ultrasonography was conducted to detect lower limb plaque and stenosis. The association between serum bilirubin and lower limb atherosclerosis was explored by multiple logistic regression. Results: A remarkable decrease in the prevalence of lower limb plaque (77.5, 75.3, 70.7, 71.7 and 67.9%) and stenosis (21.1, 17.2, 13.3, 13.0 and 12.0%) was observed across the TB quintiles. Multivariable regression analysis showed that serum TB levels were negatively correlated with higher risks of lower limb plaque and stenosis, both as a continuous variable [OR (95%CI): 0.870 (0.784–0.964), p = 0.008 for plaque; and 0.835 (0.737–0.946), p = 0.005 for stenosis] and as categorized in quintiles (p = 0.015 and 0.016 for plaque and stenosis). Interestingly, serum CB levels were only negatively correlated with lower limb stenosis [OR (95%CI): 0.767 (0.685–0.858), p < 0.001], whereas serum UCB levels were only negatively associated with lower limb plaque [OR (95%CI): 0.864 (0.784–0.952), p = 0.003] after a fully-adjusted analysis. Furthermore, serum CRP was significantly decreased across the TB quintiles and negatively associated with serum TB (r = -0.107, p < 0.001), CB (r = -0.054, p < 0.001), and UCB (r = -0.103, p < 0.001). Conclusions: High-normal serum bilirubin levels were independently and significantly related to reduced risks of lower limb atherosclerosis in T2DM patients. Furthermore, serum bilirubin levels including TB, CB and UCB were inversely correlated with CRP. These results suggested that higher-normal serum bilirubin may exhibit an anti-inflammatory and protective effect against lower limb atherosclerotic progression in T2DM subjects. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on type 2 diabetes biomarkers: an umbrella of interventional meta-analyses; Background: Vitamin D supplementation exerts several supporting effects on improving glycemic status, however, results are inconclusive. Thus, in the present study, we aimed to conduct an umbrella of meta-analysis regarding the impact of vitamin D on type 2 diabetes (T2DM) biomarkers. Methods: The Scopus, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Google Scholar online databases were searched up to March 2022. All meta-analyses evaluating the impact of vitamin D supplementation on T2DM biomarkers were considered eligible. Overall, 37 meta-analyses were included in this umbrella meta-analysis. Results: Our findings indicated that vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased fasting blood sugar (FBS) (WMD = − 3.08; 95% CI: − 3.97, − 2.19, p < 0.001, and SMD = − 0.26; 95% CI: − 0.38, − 0.14, p < 0.001), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (WMD = − 0.05; 95% CI: − 0.10, − 0.01, p = 0.016, and SMD = − 0.16; 95% CI: − 0.27, − 0.05, p = 0.004), insulin concentrations (WMD = − 2.62; 95% CI: − 4.11, − 1.13; p < 0.001, and SMD = − 0.33; 95% CI: − 0.56, − 0.11, p = 0.004), and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD = − 0.67; 95% CI: − 1.01, − 0.32, p < 0.001, and SMD = − 0.31; 95% CI: − 0.46, − 0.16, p < 0.001). Conclusion: This umbrella meta-analysis proposed that vitamin D supplementation may improve T2DM biomarkers. © 2023, The Author(s).
Maternal Exercise Prior to and during Gestation Induces Sex-Specific Alterations in the Mouse Placenta; While exercise (EX) during pregnancy is beneficial for both mother and child, little is known about the mechanisms by which maternal exercise mediates changes in utero. Six-week-old female C57BL/6 mice were divided into two groups: with (exercise, EX; N = 7) or without (sedentary, SED; N = 8) access to voluntary running wheels. EX was provided via 24 h access to wheels for 10 weeks prior to conception until late pregnancy (18.5 days post coitum). Sex-stratified placentas and fetal livers were collected. Microarray analysis of SED and EX placentas revealed that EX affected gene transcript expression of 283 and 661 transcripts in male and female placentas, respectively (±1.4-fold, p < 0.05). Gene Set Enrichment and Ingenuity Pathway Analyses of male placentas showed that EX led to inhibition of signaling pathways, biological functions, and down-regulation of transcripts related to lipid and steroid metabolism, while EX in female placentas led to activation of pathways, biological functions, and gene expression related to muscle growth, brain, vascular development, and growth factors. Overall, our results suggest that the effects of maternal EX on the placenta and presumably on the offspring are sexually dimorphic. © 2023 by the authors.
Impact of a Food Rebalancing Program Associated with Plant-Derived Food Supplements on the Biometric, Behavioral, and Biological Parameters of Obese Subjects; Between 2021 and 2023, the Scientific Council of Dietplus®, a group specialized in overweight and obesity management, conducted a clinical study on 170 volunteer subjects with a BMI > 29 Kg/m2 consecutively recruited. The Dietplus® program comprises nutritional education, intensive, personalized coaching, and consuming food supplements rich in plant derivatives. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of the Dietplus® program on biometric, behavioral, and biological parameters. A control group of 30 obese patients was followed for a similar 12-week period. Mean weight loss reached 9 ± 2.1 kg in the Dietplus® test group versus a 1 ± 0.1 kg weight gain in the control group. Excess weight loss reached 33 ± 13%, and fat mass loss was 7.6% (p < 0.001); waist circumference was reduced by 30%. Quality of Life, Nutriscore, and Prochaska di Clemente scale significantly improved (p < 0.001). Biological parameters showed substantial improvements in the carbohydrate profile and insulin resistance (HOMA index) and in the lipid profile with lower plasma triglyceride (p < 0.01) and VLDL (p < 0.01) concentrations. Inflammatory parameters (orosomucoid, ultrasensitive C-reactive protein, and PINI indices) were also substantially reduced. These results indicate a substantial benefit in subjects who followed the Dietplus® program. (Dietplus® 116 Rue Robert Bunsen, 57460 Behren-lès-Forbach, France is active in France Belgium and Spain. Plant Derived Food Supplements are produced in France). Indeed, improvements were observed in all biometric, behavioral, and metabolic parameters. © 2023 by the authors.
The mitochondrial amidoxime reducing component—from prodrug-activation mechanism to drug-metabolizing enzyme and onward to drug target; The mitochondrial amidoxime–reducing component (mARC) is one of five known molybdenum enzymes in eukaryotes. mARC belongs to the MOSC domain superfamily, a large group of so far poorly studied molybdoenzymes. mARC was initially discovered as the enzyme activating N-hydroxylated prodrugs of basic amidines but has since been shown to also reduce a variety of other N-oxygenated compounds, for example, toxic nucleobase analogs. Under certain circumstances, mARC might also be involved in reductive nitric oxide synthesis through reduction of nitrite. Recently, mARC enzymes have received a lot of attention due to their apparent involvement in lipid metabolism and, in particular, because many genome-wide association studies have shown a common variant of human mARC1 to have a protective effect against liver disease. The mechanism linking mARC enzymes with lipid metabolism remains unknown. Here, we give a comprehensive overview of what is currently known about mARC enzymes, their substrates, structure, and apparent involvement in human disease. © 2023 The Authors
The Effect of Sodium Benzoate on Host Health: Insight into Physiological Indexes and Gut Microbiota; Sodium benzoate (SB) is a common food preservative widely used in the food industry. However, the effects of SB intake on host health at different stages were still unclear. Hence, we investigated the impact of SB with three concentrations (150 mg/kg, 500 mg/kg and 1000 mg/kg) and at three stages (intake for 5-weeks, intake for 10-weeks and removal for 5 weeks) on host health in normal mice. The results showed that SB intake for 5 weeks slightly changed gut microbiota composition, but it significantly increased TG (only 150 mg/kg and 1000 mg/kg) and blood glucose levels (only 500 mg/kg) and promoted the secretion of interleukin (IL)-1β and IL-6 (p < 0.01). However, SB intake for 10 weeks mostly maintained normal glucolipid metabolism; although, IL-1β (p < 0.01) and IL-6 (p < 0.05) levels were also significantly increased and positively regulated the gut microbiota by significantly increasing the relative abundance of Lactobacillus and significantly decreasing the relative abundance of Ileibacterium. Meanwhile, the safety of SB for host metabolism and gut microbiota was also confirmed via a fecal microbiota transplantation experiment. In addition, we found that SB removal after 10 weeks of intake significantly increased the levels of blood glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR index, which might be attributed to gut microbiota dysbiosis. Mechanistically, these positive effects and negative effects had no close relationship with the concentration of short-chain fatty acids in the gut, which might be associated with metabolites of SB or special bacterial strains. In short, this work provided positive evidence for the safety of SB consumption within the recommended range. © 2023 by the authors.
Mass spectrometric analysis of exhaled breath: Recent advances and future perspectives; The analysis of exhaled breath has attracted considerable interest for use in disease diagnosis and for monitoring treatments. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based approaches have been proven to be powerful analytical tools for breath analysis in clinical applications such as disease research, diagnosis, and monitoring. This review highlights MS methodologies as potential clinical tools in diagnosing human diseases. Different breath sampling methods and MS methods for breath analysis are reviewed, emphasizing their features, advantages, and limitations. Breath biomarkers from different diseases are summarized, describing their specificity, sensitivity, and drawbacks. The future perspectives and challenges on further development of MS-based breath diagnostics are discussed. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
A Synopsis of the Evidence for the Science and Clinical Management of Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic (CKM) Syndrome: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; A growing appreciation of the pathophysiological interrelatedness of metabolic risk factors such as obesity and diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease has led to the conceptualization of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. The confluence of metabolic risk factors and chronic kidney disease within cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome is strongly linked to risk for adverse cardiovascular and kidney outcomes. In addition, there are unique management considerations for individuals with established cardiovascular disease and coexisting metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, or both. An extensive body of literature supports our scientific understanding of, and approach to, prevention and management for individuals with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. However, there are critical gaps in knowledge related to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome in terms of mechanisms of disease development, heterogeneity within clinical phenotypes, interplay between social determinants of health and biological risk factors, and accurate assessments of disease incidence in the context of competing risks. There are also key limitations in the data supporting the clinical care for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome, particularly in terms of early-life prevention, screening for risk factors, interdisciplinary care models, optimal strategies for supporting lifestyle modification and weight loss, targeting of emerging cardioprotective and kidney-protective therapies, management of patients with both cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease, and the impact of systematically assessing and addressing social determinants of health. This scientific statement uses a crosswalk of major guidelines, in addition to a review of the scientific literature, to summarize the evidence and fundamental gaps related to the science, screening, prevention, and management of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Epidemiological and transcriptome data identify potential key genes involved in iron overload for type 2 diabetes; Background: Many previous studies have reported the association between iron overload (IO) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, the underlying molecular mechanism is not clear. Methods: Epidemiological data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2017–2018 (NHANES) was used to systematically explore the association between IO and diabetes. Furthermore, transcriptome data from Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) were analyzed using bioinformatics methods to explore the underlying functional mechanisms at the molecular level. Results: Data from NHANES showed a “W” shape relationship between serum iron (frozen) and the risk of diabetes (P < 0.001) as well as a “∧” shape correlation between serum unsaturated iron binding capacity (UIBC) and the risk of diabetes (P = 0.007). Furthermore, the serum iron (frozen) was positively associated with fasting plasma glucose and HOMAB (P < 0.05), and UIBC was positively associated with fasting insulin (P < 0.05). Transcriptome data showed that two IO-related genes [Transferrin receptor (TFRC) and Solute carrier family-11 member-2 (SLC11A2)] were down-regulated in T2DM. The correlation analysis showed that expression levels of TFRC and SLC11A2 were significantly and positively correlated with genes involved in insulin secretion (P < 0.05). Protein–protein interaction network analysis showed that TFRC and SLC11A2 interacted with four key genes, including VAMP2, HIF1A, SLC2A1, and RAB11FIP2. Conclusion: We found that IO status was associated with increased FPG and aggravated HOMAB, and two IO-related genes (TFRC and SLC11A2) might induce the occurrence of T2DM by influencing insulin secretion, which provides potential therapeutic targets for T2DM patients. © 2023, The Author(s).
Next Generation, Modifiable Cardiometabolic Biomarkers: Mitochondrial Adaptation and Metabolic Resilience: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association; Cardiometabolic risk is increasing in prevalence across the life span with disproportionate ramifications for youth at socioeconomic disadvantage. Established risk factors and associated disease progression are harder to reverse as they become entrenched over time; if current trends are unchecked, the consequences for individual and societal wellness will become untenable. Interrelated root causes of ectopic adiposity and insulin resistance are understood but identified late in the trajectory of systemic metabolic dysregulation when traditional cardiometabolic risk factors cross current diagnostic thresholds of disease. Thus, children at cardiometabolic risk are often exposed to suboptimal metabolism over years before they present with clinical symptoms, at which point life-long reliance on pharmacotherapy may only mitigate but not reverse the risk. Leading-edge indicators are needed to detect the earliest departure from healthy metabolism, so that targeted, primordial, and primary prevention of cardiometabolic risk is possible. Better understanding of biomarkers that reflect the earliest transitions to dysmetabolism, beginning in utero, ideally biomarkers that are also mechanistic/causal and modifiable, is critically needed. This scientific statement explores emerging biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk across rapidly evolving and interrelated "omic"fields of research (the epigenome, microbiome, metabolome, lipidome, and inflammasome). Connections in each domain to mitochondrial function are identified that may mediate the favorable responses of each of the omic biomarkers featured to a heart-healthy lifestyle, notably to nutritional interventions. Fuller implementation of evidence-based nutrition must address environmental and socioeconomic disparities that can either facilitate or impede response to therapy.  © 2023 American Heart Association, Inc.
Exosomal IRF1-loaded rat adipose-derived stem cell sheet contributes to wound healing in the diabetic foot ulcers; Background: Cell-based therapy has been recognized as a novel technique for the management of diabetic foot ulcers, and cell-sheet engineering leads to improved efficacy in cell transplantation. This study aims to explore the possible molecular mechanism of the rat adipose-derived stem cell (ASC) sheet loaded with exosomal interferon regulatory factor 1 (IRF1) in foot wound healing. Methods: Rats were rendered diabetic with streptozotocin, followed by measurement of miR-16-5p expression in wound tissues. Relationship between IRF1, microRNA (miR)-16-5p, and trans-acting transcription factor 5 (SP5) was analyzed using luciferase activity, RNA pull-down, and chromatin immunoprecipitation assays. IRF1 was overexpressed in rat ASCs (rASCs) or loaded onto the rASC sheet, and then exosomes were extracted from rASCs. Accordingly, we assessed the effects of IRF1-exosome or IRF1-rASC sheet on the proliferation and migration of the fibroblasts along with endothelial cell angiogenesis. Results: miR-16-5p was poorly expressed in the wound tissues of diabetic rats. Overexpression of miR-16-5p promoted fibroblast proliferation and migration as well as endothelial cell angiogenesis, thus expediting wound healing. IRF1 was an upstream transcription factor that could bind to the miR-16-5p promoter and increase its expression. In addition, SP5 was a downstream target gene of miR-16-5p. IRF1-exosome from rASCs or the IRF1-rASC sheet facilitated the foot wound healing in diabetic rats through miR-16-5p-dependent inhibition of SP5. Conclusion: The present study demonstrates that exosomal IRF1-loaded rASC sheet regulates miR-16-5p/SP5 axis to facilitate wound healing in diabetic rats, which aids in development of stem cell-based therapeutic strategies for diabetic foot wounds. © 2023, The Author(s).
Association between neck circumference and diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Despite that several original researchers have investigated the association between neck circumference (NC) and the risk of diabetes mellitus (DM), their results remain controversial. This review aimed to quantitatively determine the risk of DM in relation to the NC. Methods: We conducted a literature search of PubMed, Embase, and the Web of Science from these databases’ inception through September 2022 to identify observational studies that examined the association between NC and the risk of DM. A meta-analysis of the random-effects model was applied to combine the results of the enrolled studies. Results: Sixteen observational studies involving 4,764 patients with DM and 26,159 participants were assessed. The pooled results revealed that NC was significantly associated with the risk of type 2 DM (T2DM) (OR = 2.17; 95% CI: 1.30–3.62) and gestational DM (GDM) (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17–1.48). Subgroup analysis revealed that after controlling for BMI, the relationship between the NC and T2DM remained statistically significant (OR = 1.94; 95% CI: 1.35–2.79). Moreover, the pooled OR of T2DM was found to be 1.16 (95% CI: 1.07–1.27) for an increment per each centimeter in the NC. Conclusions: Integrated epidemiological evidence supports the hypothesis that a greater NC is associated with an increased risk of T2DM and GDM. © 2023, The Author(s).
Lachnospiraceae-derived butyrate mediates protection of high fermentable fiber against placental inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Inflammation-associated insulin resistance is a key trigger of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the underlying mechanisms and effective interventions remain unclear. Here, we report the association of placental inflammation (tumor necrosis factor–α) and abnormal maternal glucose metabolism in patients with GDM, and a high fermentable dietary fiber (HFDF; konjac) could reduce GDM development through gut flora–short-chain fatty acid–placental inflammation axis in GDM mouse model. Mechanistically, HFDF increases abundances of Lachnospiraceae and butyrate, reduces placental-derived inflammation by enhancing gut barrier and inhibiting the transfer of bacterial-derived lipopolysaccharide, and ultimately resists high-fat diet–induced insulin resistance. Lachnospiraceae and butyrate have similar anti-GDM and anti–placental inflammation effects, and they can ameliorate placental function and pregnancy outcome effects probably by dampening placental immune dysfunction. These findings demonstrate the involvement of important placental inflammation–related mechanisms in the progression of GDM and the great potential of HFDFs to reduce susceptibility to GDM through gut-flora-placenta axis. © 2023 American Association for the Advancement of Science. All rights reserved.
Higher Peripheral Thyroid Sensitivity Is Linked to a Lower Risk of Heart Failure After Acute Myocardial Infarction; Context: It is still not clear how the free triiodothyronine (FT3) to free thyroxine (FT4) ratio affects the prognosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI), especially the risk of heart failure (HF) subsequent to AMI. Objective: The purpose of this study was to see how peripheral sensitivity to thyroid hormones, as measured by the FT3/FT4 ratio, affected HF and mortality after AMI. Methods: Our study was a retrospective cohort study. The primary endpoint was HF after AMI during and after hospitalization. The secondary endpoints were all-cause death and cardiovascular death after hospitalization. Results: The main sample included 3648 inpatients with AMI with a median age of 61.0 years; 68.9% were male. In the fully adjusted model, compared with patients in the lowest Q1 of the FT3/FT4 ratio, the risk of in-hospital HF in the highest Q4 patients was reduced by 44% (OR 0.56, 95% CI 0.44-0.72, P trend < .001), the risk of out-of-hospital HF was reduced by 37% (HR 0.63, 95% CI 0.48-0.84, P trend < .001), and the risks of all-cause and cardiovascular death were also significantly reduced. The analysis of different subgroups is consistent with the overall results. Furthermore, the sensitivity analysis of the euthyroid sample of 2484 patients was consistent with the main sample. Mediation analysis showed that altered levels of amino-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide were mediators between the FT3/FT4 ratio and all endpoints in our study. Conclusion: The thyroid hormone peripheral sensitivity of the FT3/FT4 ratio is an independent predictor of HF and mortality after AMI. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
The metabolomic profiling of total fat and fat distribution in a multi-cohort study of women and men; Currently studies aiming for the comprehensive metabolomics profiling of measured total fat (%) as well as fat distribution in both sexes are lacking. In this work, bioimpedance analysis was applied to measure total fat (%) and fat distribution (trunk to leg ratio). Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based untargeted metabolomics was employed to profile the metabolic signatures of total fat (%) and fat distribution in 3447 participants from three Swedish cohorts (EpiHealth, POEM and PIVUS) using a discovery-replication cross-sectional study design. Total fat (%) and fat distribution were associated with 387 and 120 metabolites in the replication cohort, respectively. Enriched metabolic pathways for both total fat (%) and fat distribution included protein synthesis, branched-chain amino acids biosynthesis and metabolism, glycerophospholipid metabolism and sphingolipid metabolism. Four metabolites were mainly related to fat distribution: glutarylcarnitine (C5-DC), 6-bromotryptophan, 1-stearoyl-2-oleoyl-GPI (18:0/18:1) and pseudouridine. Five metabolites showed different associations with fat distribution in men and women: quinolinate, (12Z)-9,10-dihydroxyoctadec-12-enoate (9,10-DiHOME), two sphingomyelins and metabolonic lactone sulfate. To conclude, total fat (%) and fat distribution were associated with a large number of metabolites, but only a few were exclusively associated with fat distribution and of those metabolites some were associated with sex*fat distribution. Whether these metabolites mediate the undesirable effects of obesity on health outcomes remains to be further investigated. © 2023, The Author(s).
Nontargeted metabolomics reveals the potential mechanism underlying the association between birthweight and metabolic disturbances; Aims: The aim of this study was to characterize the metabolites associated with small- and large-gestational-age newborns in maternal and cord blood, and to investigate potential mechanisms underlying the association between birthweight and metabolic disturbances. Research design and methods: We recorded detailed anthropometric data of mother-offspring dyads. Untargeted metabolomic assays were performed on 67 pairs of cord blood and maternal fasting plasma samples including 16 pairs of small-for-gestational (SGA, < 10th percentile) dyads, 28 pairs of appropriate-for-gestational (AGA, approximate 50 percentile) dyads, and 23 pairs of large-for-gestational (LGA, > 90th percentile) dyads. The association of metabolites with newborn birthweight was conducted to screen for metabolites with U-shaped and line-shaped distributions. The association of metabolites with maternal and fetal phenotypes was also performed. Results: We found 2 types of metabolites that changed in different patterns according to newborn birthweight. One type of metabolite exhibited a “U-shaped” trend of abundance fluctuation in the SGA-AGA-LGA groups. The results demonstrated that cuminaldehyde level was lower in the SGA and LGA groups, and its abundance in cord blood was negatively correlated with maternal BMI (r = -0.352 p = 0.009) and weight gain (r = -0.267 p = 0.043). 2-Methoxy-estradiol-17b 3-glucuronide, which showed enrichment in the SGA and LGA groups, was positively correlated with homocysteine (r = 0.44, p < 0.001) and free fatty acid (r = 0.42, p < 0.001) in maternal blood. Serotonin and 13(S)-HODE were the second type of metabolites, denoted as “line-shaped”, which both showed increasing trends in the SGA-AGA-LGA groups in both maternal and cord blood and were both significantly positively correlated with maternal BMI before pregnancy. Moreover, cuminaldehyde, serotonin, 13(S)-HODE and some lipid metabolites showed a strong correlation between maternal and cord blood. Conclusions: These investigations demonstrate broad-scale metabolomic differences associated with newborn birthweight in both pregnant women and their newborns. The U-shaped metabolites associated with both the SGA and LGA groups might explain the U-shaped association between birthweight and metabolic dysregulation. The line-shaped metabolites might participate in intrauterine growth regulation. These observations might help to provide new insights into the insulin resistance and the risk of metabolic disturbance of SGA and LGA babies in adulthood and might identify potential new markers for adverse newborn outcomes in pregnant women. © 2023, The Author(s).
Sugar-sweetened beverage consumption among pregnant women attending general and teaching hospitals in Ibadan, Nigeria: SSB consumption during pregnancy; Background: Sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) have become a global health concern because of their adverse health effects and their association with the obesity pandemic. It has not received much attention in sub-Saharan Africa, including Nigeria, especially among pregnant women. The pattern, frequency and factors associated with SSBs among pregnant women in Ibadan, Nigeria, were investigated. Design: Data were from the Ibadan Pregnancy Cohort Study - a prospective cohort study investigating 1745 pregnant women from four comprehensive obstetric facilities in Ibadan. A qualitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess the pregnant women’s intake of food and drinks over the previous months. Sugar-sweetened beverage variable and scores were also generated using the principal component analysis with varimax rotation. Factors associated with high SSB scores were examined using multivariate logistics regression analyses at a 5% significance level. Results: The most commonly consumed SSBs were cocoa-sweetened beverages, soft drinks, malt drinks, and fruit juice. A quarter of the women (75th percentile) consumed SSB more than once weekly. The factors associated with high SSB on multivariate analysis were; being employed (AOR: 1.52, 95% CI 1.02–2.26), maternal obesity (AOR: 0.065, 95% CI 0.47–0.89), high fruit intake (AOR:3.62, 95% CI 2.62–4.99), high green vegetable consumption (AOR:1.99, 95% CI 1.06–3.74), high milk intake (AOR: 2.13, 95% CI 1.65– 2.74), frequent fast food outlet visit (AOR: 2.19, 95% CI 1.53–1.70), all of these remained significant after adjusting for confounding variables. Conclusion: SSBs were common among our study population. Factors associated with high SSBs intake are crucial for implementing locally relevant public health interventions. © 2023, The Author(s).
The effect of DASH diet on glycemic response, meta-inflammation and serum LPS in obese patients with NAFLD: a double-blind controlled randomized clinical trial; Background: As dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern has been shown to be effective in hypertension and obesity, the present study investigated the effects of following DASH diet on glycemic, meta-inflammation, lipopolysaccharides (LPS) and liver function in obese patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: In this double-blind controlled randomized clinical trial, 40 obese patients with NAFLD were randomly allocated into either “DASH diet” (n = 20) or calorie-restricted diet as "Control” (n = 20) group for 8 weeks. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, glycemic response, liver enzymes, toll-like reseptor-4 (TLR-4) and monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP-1) and LPS as well as Dixon's DASH diet index were assessed at baseline and after 8 weeks. Results: After 8 weeks, although all obesity indices decreased significantly in both groups, the reduction in all anthropometric measures were significantly greater in DASH vs control group, after adjusting for baseline values and weight change. Fasting glucose level decreased in both group, however, no inter-group significant difference was found at the end of study. Nevertheless, serum levels of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), TLR-4, MCP-1 and LPS as well as aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased significantly in DASH group, after adjusting for baseline values and weight change (p < 0.001, p = 0.004, p = 0.027, p = 0.011, and p = 0.008, respectively). The estimated number needed to treats (NNTs) for one and two grade reductions in NAFLD severity following DASH diet were 2.5 and 6.67, respectively. Conclusion: Adherence to DASH diet could significantly improve weight, glycemia, inflammation and liver function in obese patients with NAFLD. © 2023, The Author(s).
Cord blood epigenome-wide meta-analysis in six European-based child cohorts identifies signatures linked to rapid weight growth; Background: Rapid postnatal growth may result from exposure in utero or early life to adverse conditions and has been associated with diseases later in life and, in particular, with childhood obesity. DNA methylation, interfacing early-life exposures and subsequent diseases, is a possible mechanism underlying early-life programming. Methods: Here, a meta-analysis of Illumina HumanMethylation 450K/EPIC-array associations of cord blood DNA methylation at single CpG sites and CpG genomic regions with rapid weight growth at 1 year of age (defined with reference to WHO growth charts) was conducted in six European-based child cohorts (ALSPAC, ENVIRONAGE, Generation XXI, INMA, Piccolipiù, and RHEA, N = 2003). The association of gestational age acceleration (calculated using the Bohlin epigenetic clock) with rapid weight growth was also explored via meta-analysis. Follow-up analyses of identified DNA methylation signals included prediction of rapid weight growth, mediation of the effect of conventional risk factors on rapid weight growth, integration with transcriptomics and metabolomics, association with overweight in childhood (between 4 and 8 years), and comparison with previous findings. Results: Forty-seven CpGs were associated with rapid weight growth at suggestive p-value <1e−05 and, among them, three CpGs (cg14459032, cg25953130 annotated to ARID5B, and cg00049440 annotated to KLF9) passed the genome-wide significance level (p-value <1.25e−07). Sixteen differentially methylated regions (DMRs) were identified as associated with rapid weight growth at false discovery rate (FDR)-adjusted/Siddak p-values < 0.01. Gestational age acceleration was associated with decreasing risk of rapid weight growth (p-value = 9.75e−04). Identified DNA methylation signals slightly increased the prediction of rapid weight growth in addition to conventional risk factors. Among the identified signals, three CpGs partially mediated the effect of gestational age on rapid weight growth. Both CpGs (N=3) and DMRs (N=3) were associated with differential expression of transcripts (N=10 and 7, respectively), including long non-coding RNAs. An AURKC DMR was associated with childhood overweight. We observed enrichment of CpGs previously reported associated with birthweight. Conclusions: Our findings provide evidence of the association between cord blood DNA methylation and rapid weight growth and suggest links with prenatal exposures and association with childhood obesity providing opportunities for early prevention. © 2023, The Author(s).
Research Progress on the Relationship between Vitamins and Diabetes: Systematic Review; Diabetes is a serious chronic metabolic disease that causes complications over time, bringing serious public health challenges that affect different countries across the world. The current clinical drugs for diabetes may lead to adverse effects such as hypoglycemia and liver and abdominal distension and pain, which prompt people to explore new treatments for diabetes without side effects. The research objective of this review article is to systematically review studies on vitamins and diabetes and to explain their possible mechanism of action, as well as to assess the role of vitamins as drugs for the prevention and treatment of diabetes. To achieve our objective, we searched scientific databases in PubMed Central, Medline databases and Web of Science for articles, using “vitamin” and “diabetes” as key words. The results of numerous scientific investigations revealed that vitamin levels were decreased in humans and animals with diabetes, and vitamins show promise for the prevention and/or control of diabetes through anti-inflammation, antioxidation and the regulation of lipid metabolism. However, a few studies showed that vitamins had no positive effect on the development of diabetes. Currently, studies on vitamins in the treatment of diabetes are still very limited, and there are no clinical data to clarify the dose–effect relationship between vitamins and diabetes; therefore, vitamins are not recommended as routine drugs for the treatment of diabetes. However, we still emphasize the great potential of vitamins in the prevention and treatment of diabetes, and higher quality studies are needed in the future to reveal the role of vitamins in the development of diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Young and undamaged recombinant albumin alleviates T2DM by improving hepatic glycolysis through EGFR and protecting islet β cells in mice; Background: Albumin is the most abundant protein in serum and serves as a transporter of free fatty acids (FFA) in blood vessels. In type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients, the reduced serum albumin level is a risk factor for T2DM development and progression, although this conclusion is controversial. Moreover, there is no study on the effects and mechanisms of albumin administration to relieve T2DM. We examined whether the administration of young and undamaged recombinant albumin can alleviate T2DM in mice. Methods: The serum albumin levels and metabolic phenotypes including fasting blood glucose, glucose tolerance tests, and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion were studied in db/db mice or diet-induced obesity mice treated with saline or young, undamaged, and ultrapure rMSA. Apoptosis assays were performed at tissue and cell levels to determine the function of rMSA on islet β cell protection. Metabolic flux and glucose uptake assays were employed to investigate metabolic changes in saline-treated or rMSA-treated mouse hepatocytes and compared their sensitivity to insulin treatments. Results: In this study, treatment of T2DM mice with young, undamaged, and ultrapure recombinant mouse serum albumin (rMSA) increased their serum albumin levels, which resulted in a reversal of the disease including reduced fasting blood glucose levels, improved glucose tolerance, increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, and alleviated islet atrophy. At the cellular level, rMSA improved glucose uptake and glycolysis in hepatocytes. Mechanistically, rMSA reduced the binding between CAV1 and EGFR to increase EGFR activation leading to PI3K-AKT activation. Furthermore, rMSA extracellularly reduced the rate of fatty acid uptake by islet β-cells, which relieved the accumulation of intracellular ceramide, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and apoptosis. This study provided the first clear demonstration that injections of rMSA can alleviate T2DM in mice. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that increasing serum albumin levels can promote glucose homeostasis and protect islet β cells, which alleviates T2DM. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effect of common pregnancy and perinatal complications on offspring metabolic traits across the life course: a multi-cohort study; Background: Common pregnancy and perinatal complications are associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. These complications may influence multiple metabolic traits in the offspring and these associations might differ with offspring age. Methods: We used data from eight population-based cohort studies to examine and compare associations of pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth (PTB), small (SGA) and large (LGA) for gestational age (vs. appropriate size for gestational age (AGA)) with up to 167 plasma/serum-based nuclear magnetic resonance-derived metabolic traits encompassing lipids, lipoproteins, fatty acids, amino acids, ketones, glycerides/phospholipids, glycolysis, fluid balance, and inflammation. Confounder-adjusted regression models were used to examine associations (adjusted for maternal education, parity age at pregnancy, ethnicity, pre/early pregnancy body mass index and smoking, and offspring sex and age at metabolic trait assessment), and results were combined using meta-analysis by five age categories representing different periods of the offspring life course: neonates (cord blood), infancy (mean ages: 1.1–1.6 years), childhood (4.2–7.5 years); adolescence (12.0–16.0 years), and adulthood (22.0–67.8 years). Results: Offspring numbers for each age category/analysis varied from 8925 adults (441 PTB) to 1181 infants (135 GD); 48.4% to 60.0% were females. Pregnancy complications (PE, GH, GD) were each associated with up to three metabolic traits in neonates (P≤0.001) with some evidence of persistence to older ages. PTB and SGA were associated with 32 and 12 metabolic traits in neonates respectively, which included an adjusted standardised mean difference of −0.89 standard deviation (SD) units for albumin with PTB (95% CI: −1.10 to −0.69, P=1.3×10−17) and −0.41 SD for total lipids in medium HDL with SGA (95% CI: −0.56 to −0.25, P=2.6×10−7), with some evidence of persistence to older ages. LGA was inversely associated with 19 metabolic traits including lower levels of cholesterol, lipoproteins, fatty acids, and amino acids, with associations emerging in adolescence, (e.g. −0.11 SD total fatty acids, 95% CI: −0.18 to −0.05, P=0.0009), and attenuating with older age across adulthood. Conclusions: These reassuring findings suggest little evidence of wide-spread and long-term impact of common pregnancy and perinatal complications on offspring metabolic traits, with most associations only observed for newborns rather than older ages, and for perinatal rather than pregnancy complications. © 2023, The Author(s).
Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis boosts neonatal immunity: unravelling systemic defences against Salmonella; Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis may be a useful probiotic intervention for regulating neonatal intestinal immune responses and counteracting Salmonella infection. However, recent research has focused on intestinal immunity, leaving uncertainties regarding the central, peripheral, and neural immune responses in neonates. Therefore, this study investigated the role and mechanisms of B. animalis subsp. lactis in the systemic immune responses of neonatal rats following Salmonella infection. Through extremely early pretreatment with B. animalis subsp. lactis (6 hours postnatal), the neonatal rat gut microbiota was effectively reshaped, especially the Bifidobacterium community. In the rats pretreated with B. animalis subsp. lactis, Salmonella was less prevalent in the blood, liver, spleen, and intestines following infection. The intervention promoted T lymphocyte subset balance in the spleen and thymus and fostered neurodevelopment and neuroimmune balance in the brain. Furthermore, metabolic profiling showed a strong correlation between the metabolites in the serum and colon, supporting the view that B. animalis subsp. lactis pretreatment influences the systemic immune response by modifying the composition and metabolism of the gut microbiota. Overall, the results imply that B. animalis subsp. lactis pretreatment, through the coordinated regulation of colonic and serum metabolites, influences the systemic immune responses of neonatal rats against Salmonella infection. © 2024 The Royal Society of Chemistry
Gut microbiome dysregulation drives bone damage in broiler tibial dyschondroplasia by disrupting glucose homeostasis; Tibial dyschondroplasia (TD) with multiple incentives is a metabolic skeletal disease that occurs in fast-growing broilers. Perturbations in the gut microbiota (GM) have been shown to affect bone homoeostasis, but the mechanisms by which GM modulates bone metabolism in TD broilers remain unknown. Here, using a broiler model of TD, we noted elevated blood glucose (GLU) levels in TD broilers, accompanied by alterations in the pancreatic structure and secretory function and damaged intestinal barrier function. Importantly, faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) of gut microbes from normal donors rehabilitated the GM and decreased the elevated GLU levels in TD broilers. A high GLU level is a predisposing factor to bone disease, suggesting that GM dysbiosis-mediated hyperglycaemia might be involved in bone regulation. 16S rRNA gene sequencing and short-chain fatty acid analysis revealed that the significantly increased level of the metabolite butyric acid derived from the genera Blautia and Coprococcus regulated GLU levels in TD broilers by binding to GPR109A in the pancreas. Tibial studies showed reduced expression of vascular regulatory factors (including PI3K, AKT and VEFGA) based on transcriptomics analysis and reduced vascular distribution, contributing to nonvascularization of cartilage in the proximal tibial growth plate of TD broilers with elevated GLU levels. Additionally, treatment with the total flavonoids from Rhizoma drynariae further validated the improvement in bone homoeostasis in TD broilers by regulating GLU levels through the regulation of GM to subsequently improve intestinal and pancreatic function. These findings clarify the critical role of GM-mediated changes in GLU levels via the gut–pancreas axis in bone homoeostasis in TD chickens. © 2023, The Author(s).
Pre-pregnancy body mass index has greater influence on newborn weight and perinatal outcome than weight control during pregnancy in obese women; Background: The pre-pregnancy weight and gestational weight gain (GWG) are closely related to perinatal maternal and infant complications, but the relationship between pre-pregnancy weight and GWG and the pattern of interaction have not been reported. This study investigated the influence of weight control during pregnancy on the perinatal maternal and infant outcomes. Methods: A total of 835 singleton pregnant women who were hospitalized between January 2018 and December 2018 were retrospectively included in this study and divided into two groups: the diet guidance (DG) group (n = 167) and the control group (n = 668). The pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), GWG, and perinatal outcomes of the women and infants were determined in two groups. Results: The dietary modification and reasonable exercise during pregnancy effectively reduced the GWG, and even some women with pre-pregnancy obesity achieved weight loss during pregnancy. The GWG in the DG group was significantly lower than in the control group, especially in the second and third trimesters. GWG was positively related to birth weight. The birth weight in the DG group was significantly lower than in the control group when their mothers had similar GWG. In women with pre-pregnancy obesity, GWG seemed to be negatively related to birth weight. However, after adjusting the mean BMI, the pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG were positively related to the birth weight. Compared with the control group, the incidences of dystocia, postpartum hemorrhage, macrosomia, small for gestational age infants and neonatal complications significantly reduced in the DG group, and the preterm birth rate was comparable between two groups. Some women with pre-pregnancy obesity lose weight during pregnancy, but there was no premature birth or small for gestational age infant. The incidences of macrosomia, postpartum hemorrhage, dystocia, cesarean section and gestational diabetes increased significantly with the increase of pre-pregnancy BMI. Conclusion: For women with increased pre-pregnancy BMI, strict weight control is required to reduce obesity-related complications of the mother and infant. The weight control in the second and third trimesters is especially important and most likely to prevent GWG. Compared with GWG, pre-pregnancy BMI has greater influence on the birth weight and maternal and infant complications, and may even compromise the benefits of weight control during pregnancy. Thus, weight control is recommended before pregnancy. © 2023, The Author(s).
Determinants of maternal and neonatal PFAS concentrations: a review; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are used for their properties such as stain and water resistance. The substances have been associated with adverse health outcomes in both pregnant mothers and infants, including pre-eclampsia and low birthweight. A growing body of research suggests that PFAS are transferred from mother to fetus through the placenta, leading to in utero exposure. A systematic review was performed using the PubMed database to search for studies evaluating determinants of PFAS concentrations in blood matrices of pregnant mothers and neonates shortly after birth. Studies were included in this review if an observational study design was utilized, exposure to at least one PFAS analyte was measured, PFAS were measured in maternal or neonatal matrices, at least one determinant of PFAS concentrations was assessed, and results such as beta estimates were provided. We identified 35 studies for inclusion in the review and evaluated the PFAS and determinant relationships among the factors collected in these studies. Parity, breastfeeding history, maternal race and country of origin, and household income had the strongest and most consistent evidence to support their roles as determinants of certain PFAS concentrations in pregnant mothers. Reported study findings on smoking status, alcohol consumption, and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) suggest that these factors are not important determinants of PFAS concentrations in pregnant mothers or neonates. Further study into informative factors such as consumer product use, detailed dietary information, and consumed water sources as potential determinants of maternal or neonatal PFAS concentrations is needed. Research on determinants of maternal or neonatal PFAS concentrations is critical to estimate past PFAS exposure, build improved exposure models, and further our understanding on dose–response relationships, which can influence epidemiological studies and risk assessment evaluations. Given the potential for adverse outcomes in pregnant mothers and neonates exposed to PFAS, it is important to identify and understand determinants of maternal and neonatal PFAS concentrations to better implement public health interventions in these populations. © 2023, The Author(s).
Obeticholic acid alleviates intrauterine growth restriction induced by di-ethyl-hexyl phthalate in pregnant female mice by improving bile acid disorder; Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) is a ubiquitous environmental pollutant and is widely used in industrial plastics. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), distinguished by maternal pruritus and elevated serum bile acid levels, is linked to unfavorable pregnancy consequences. Few studies have investigated the potential effect of gestational DEHP exposure on the cholestasis in pregnant female mice, and the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. In the present study, a mouse model of cholestasis during pregnancy was established by DEHP exposure. We found that DEHP induces elevated bile acid levels by affecting bile acid synthesis and transporter receptor expression in the maternal liver and placenta of pregnant female mice, ultimately leading to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). In addition, DEHP changed the bile acid composition of maternal serum and liver as well as placenta and amniotic fluid in pregnant female mice; Importantly, we found that DEHP down-regulates the expression of farnesoid X receptor (FXR), which is considered to be a bile acid receptor. FXR agonist obeticholic acid (OCA) effectively alleviated the adverse effects of DEHP on pregnant female mice. While, OCA itself had no adverse effects on normal pregnant female mice. In summary, DEHP could induces bile acid disorder and IUGR in pregnant female mice by affect FXR, which was reversed by OCA. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Health: A Presidential Advisory from the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health reflects the interplay among metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, and the cardiovascular system and has profound impacts on morbidity and mortality. There are multisystem consequences of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health, with the most significant clinical impact being the high associated incidence of cardiovascular disease events and cardiovascular mortality. There is a high prevalence of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population, with a disproportionate burden seen among those with adverse social determinants of health. However, there is also a growing number of therapeutic options that favorably affect metabolic risk factors, kidney function, or both that also have cardioprotective effects. To improve cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health and related outcomes in the population, there is a critical need for (1) more clarity on the definition of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome; (2) an approach to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic staging that promotes prevention across the life course; (3) prediction algorithms that include the exposures and outcomes most relevant to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health; and (4) strategies for the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease in relation to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health that reflect harmonization across major subspecialty guidelines and emerging scientific evidence. It is also critical to incorporate considerations of social determinants of health into care models for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and to reduce care fragmentation by facilitating approaches for patient-centered interdisciplinary care. This presidential advisory provides guidance on the definition, staging, prediction paradigms, and holistic approaches to care for patients with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and details a multicomponent vision for effectively and equitably enhancing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Feasibility study of automated cardiac motion quantification to assess left ventricular function in type 2 diabetes; The global incidence of diabetes and related complications is gradually increasing, with cardiovascular complications being the leading cause of death in the diabetic population. The purpose of this study was to examine left ventricular function in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and conduct a feasibility analysis using automated cardiac motion quantification (aCMQ) approach. A total of 150 T2D patients with a history of diabetes mellitus dating back more than 10 years were chosen, and we treated 87 patients with T2D that had been present for less than 15 years as group I, 63 patients with T2D that had been present for more than 15 years as group II, and 50 healthy volunteers as the control group. From the three groups, clinical information, conventional ultrasonography parameters, and mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE) parameters were gathered. aCMQ technique was used to collect longitudinal strain and circumferential strain in the left ventricle. Tissue motion mitral annular displacement technique (TMAD) in aCMQ was used to collect parameters related to TMAD, and cardiac motion quantification (CMQ) was used to collect two-dimensional global longitudinal strain (2D-GLS) to compare the degree of difference between the aforementioned three groups. The differences between longitudinal strain groups in aCMQ were all statistically significant and gradually decreased with increasing disease duration. Most TMAD parameters were lower in groups I and II than in the control group, and TMAD parameters gradually decreased with increasing disease duration. The results of the LV global longitudinal strain and 2D-GLS using Bland–Altman analyses showed high agreement between and within groups, Pearson correlation analysis showed a significant positive correlation (r = 0.18, P < 0.05), and the AUC of ROC curves predicting the value of left ventricular function in patients with T2D was 0.723 and 0.628, respectively. With significant positive correlations between MAPSE, s', and the majority of the TAMD parameters (P < 0.05), TAMD, MAPSE, and s' demonstrated high inter- and intra-group agreement using Bland–Altman analyses, and the three had predictive value in assessing left ventricular function in T2D patients by ROC curve. Reduced longitudinal strain and reduced mitral annular displacement were seen in patients with different disease stages of T2D, so the application of aCMQ and TAMD was effective in detecting altered left ventricular function in patients with T2D. aCMQ had higher value in predicting left ventricular function in patients with T2D compared to CMQ for overall longitudinal strain, and the software performed the depiction automatically, reducing manual errors. MAPSE parameters and s ' can replace the TMAD technique for assessing mitral annular motion and was simpler to perform, saving operational time. © 2023, The Author(s).
PNPLA3 rs738409 risk genotype decouples TyG index from HOMA2-IR and intrahepatic lipid content; Background: Recent reports suggested a different predictive value for TyG index compared to HOMA-IR in coronary artery calcification (CAC) and other atherosclerotic outcomes, despite that both indices are proposed as surrogate markers of insulin resistance. We hypothesized a key role for liver pathology as an explanation and therefore assessed the relationship among the two indices and the intrahepatic lipid content stratified by PNPLA3 rs738409 genotypes as a known non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) genetic risk. Methods: Thirty-nine women from a prior GDM-genetic study were recalled with PNPLA3 rs738409 CC and GG genotypes for metabolic phenotyping and to assess hepatic triglyceride content (HTGC). 75 g OGTT was performed, fasting lipid, glucose, insulin levels and calculated insulin resistance indices (TyG and HOMA2-IR) were used. HTGC was measured by MR based methods. Mann–Whitney-U, χ2 and for the correlation analysis Spearman rank order tests were applied. Results: The PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype had a significant effect on the direct correlation between the HOMA2-IR and TyG index: the correlation (R = 0.52, p = 0.0054) found in the CC group was completely abolished in those with the GG (NAFLD) risk genotype. In addition, the HOMA2-IR correlated with HTGC in the entire study population (R = 0.69, p < 0.0001) and also separately in both genotypes (CC R = 0.62, p = 0.0006, GG: R = 0.74, p = 0.0058). In contrast, the correlation between TyG index and HTGC was only significant in rs738409 CC genotype group (R = 0.42, p = 0.0284) but not in GG group. A similar pattern was observed in the correlation between TG and HTGC (CC: R = 0.41, p = 0.0335), when the components of the TyG index were separately assessed. Conclusions: PNPLA3 rs738409 risk genotype completely decoupled the direct correlation between two surrogate markers of insulin resistance: TyG and HOMA2-IR confirming our hypothesis. The liver lipid content increased in parallel with the HOMA2-IR independent of genotype, in contrast to the TyG index where the risk genotype abolished the correlation. This phenomenon seems to be related to the nature of hepatic fat accumulation and to the different concepts establishing the two insulin resistance markers. © 2023, The Author(s).
Role of Non-Coding RNAs in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Progression: From Classic to Novel Clinicopathogenetic Implications; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a predominant malignancy with increasing incidences and mortalities worldwide. In Western countries, the progressive affirmation of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) as the main chronic liver disorder in which HCC occurrence is appreciable even in non-cirrhotic stages, constitutes a real health emergency. In light of this, a further comprehension of molecular pathways supporting HCC onset and progression represents a current research challenge to achieve more tailored prognostic models and appropriate therapeutic approaches. RNA non-coding transcripts (ncRNAs) are involved in the regulation of several cancer-related processes, including HCC. When dysregulated, these molecules, conventionally classified as “small ncRNAs” (sncRNAs) and “long ncRNAs” (lncRNAs) have been reported to markedly influence HCC-related progression mechanisms. In this review, we describe the main dysregulated ncRNAs and the relative molecular pathways involved in HCC progression, analyzing their implications in certain etiologically related contexts, and their applicability in clinical practice as novel diagnostic, prognostic, and therapeutic tools. Finally, given the growing evidence supporting the immune system response, the oxidative stress-regulated mechanisms, and the gut microbiota composition as relevant emerging elements mutually influencing liver-cancerogenesis processes, we investigate the relationship of ncRNAs with this triad, shedding light on novel pathogenetic frontiers of HCC progression. © 2023 by the authors.
CYP2E1 C-1054T and 96-bp I/D genetic variations and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in chinese women: a case-control study; Background: Cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1) plays a key role in the metabolism of xenobiotic and endogenous low-molecular-weight compounds. This study aimed to determine if the genetic variations of 96-bp insertion/deletion (I/D) and C-1054T (rs2031920) in CYP2E1 were associated with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: CYP2E1 polymorphisms were genotyped in a case-control study of 1,134 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 723 women with GDM. The effects of genotype on the clinical, metabolic, and oxidative stress indices were assessed. Results: The CYP2E1 C-1054T variant was associated with an increased risk of GDM based on the genotype, recessive, dominant, and allele genetic models (P < 0.05). The TT + CT genotype remained a significant predictive factor for GDM risk after correcting for maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index (OR = 1.277, 95% CI: 1.042–1.563, P = 0.018). Moreover, fasting insulin concentrations and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were significantly higher in GDM patients carrying the T allele than in those with the CC genotype (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the combined genotype II + ID/TT + CT of the 96-bp I/D and C-1054T polymorphisms further increased the risk of GDM when the combined genotype DD/CC was set as the reference category (OR = 1.676, 95% CI: 1.182–2.376, P = 0.004). Conclusions: The T allele of the C-1054T polymorphism and its combination with the I allele of the 96-bp I/D variation in CYP2E1 are associated with an increased risk of GDM in the Chinese population. The − 1054T allele may be associated with more serious insulin resistance in patients. © 2023, The Author(s).
The association between dietary diabetic risk reduction score with anthropometric and body composition variables in overweight and obese women: a cross-sectional study; Dietary diabetes risk reduction score (DDRRs) is inversely associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Given the importance of the association between body fat and insulin resistance and the effect of diet on these parameters, this study aimed to investigate the association between DDRRS and body composition parameters, including the visceral adiposity index (VAI), lipid accumulation product (LAP), and skeletal muscle mass (SMM). This study was conducted on 291 overweight and obese women aged 18–48 years old recruited from 20 Tehran Health Centers in 2018. The anthropometric indices, biochemical parameters, and body composition were measured. A semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to calculate DDRRs. Linear regression analysis was used to examine the association between DDRRs and body composition indicators. The mean (SD) age of participants was 36.67 (9.10) years. After adjustment for potential confounders, VAI (β = 0.27, 95% CI = − 0.73, 1.27, Ptrend = 0.052), LAP (β = 8.14, 95% CI = − 10.54, 26.82, Ptrend = 0.069), TF (β = − 1.41, 95% CI = 11.45, 17.30, Ptrend = 0.027), trunk fat percent (TF%) (β = − 21.55, 95% CI = − 44.51, 1.61, Ptrend = 0.074), body fat mass (BFM) (β = − 3.26, 95% CI = − 6.08, − 0.44, Ptrend = 0.026), visceral fat area (VFA) (β = − 45.75, 95% CI = − 86.10, − 5.41, Ptrend = 0.026), waist-to-hip ratio (WHtR) (β = − 0.014, 95% CI = − 0.031, 0.004, Ptrend = 0.066), visceral fat level (VFL) (β = − 0.38, 95% CI = − 5.89, 5.12, Ptrend = 0.064), fat mass index (FMI) (β = − 1.15, 95% CI = − 2.28, − 0.02, Ptrend = 0.048) decreased significantly over tertiles of DDRRs, and also there was no significant association between SMM and DDRRs tertiles (β = − 0.57, 95% CI = − 1.69, 0.53, Ptrend = 0.322). The findings of this study demonstrated that participants with higher adherence to the DDRRs had lower VAI (β = 0.78 vs 0.27) and LAP (β = 20.73 vs 8.14). However, there was no significant association between DDRRs and VAI, LAP and SMM, which are mentioned as the primary outcomes. Future studies with larger sample of both genders are needed to investigate our findings. © 2023, The Author(s).
Epigenetic implications in maternal diabetes and metabolic syndrome-associated risk of orofacial clefts; Orofacial clefts (OFCs) are one of the most common types of structural birth defects. The etiologies are complicated, involving with genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors. Studies have found that maternal diabetes and metabolic syndrome are associated with a higher risk of OFCs in offspring. Metabolic syndrome is a clustering of several disease risk factors, including hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension. Metabolic disease during pregnancy can increase risk of adverse outcomes and significantly influence fetal development, including orofacial formation and fusion. An altered metabolic state may contribute to developmental disorders or congenital defects including OFCs, potentially through epigenetic modulations, such as histone modification, DNA methylation, and noncoding RNA expression to alter activities of critical morphogenetic signaling or related developmental genes. This review summarizes the currently available evidence and underlying mechanisms of how the maternal metabolic syndrome is associated with OFCs in mostly human and some animal studies. It may provide a better understanding of the interactions between intrauterine metabolic status and fetal orofacial development which might be applied toward prevention and treatments of OFCs. © 2023 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Uncovering the Hidden Dangers and Molecular Mechanisms of Excess Folate: A Narrative Review; This review delves into the intricate relationship between excess folate (vitamin B9) intake, especially its synthetic form, namely, folic acid, and its implications on health and disease. While folate plays a pivotal role in the one-carbon cycle, which is essential for DNA synthesis, repair, and methylation, concerns arise about its excessive intake. The literature underscores potential deleterious effects, such as an increased risk of carcinogenesis; disruption in DNA methylation; and impacts on embryogenesis, pregnancy outcomes, neurodevelopment, and disease risk. Notably, these consequences stretch beyond the immediate effects, potentially influencing future generations through epigenetic reprogramming. The molecular mechanisms underlying these effects were examined, including altered one-carbon metabolism, the accumulation of unmetabolized folic acid, vitamin-B12-dependent mechanisms, altered methylation patterns, and interactions with critical receptors and signaling pathways. Furthermore, differences in the effects and mechanisms mediated by folic acid compared with natural folate are highlighted. Given the widespread folic acid supplementation, it is imperative to further research its optimal intake levels and the molecular pathways impacted by its excessive intake, ensuring the health and well-being of the global population. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal obesity and programming of metabolic syndrome in the offspring: searching for mechanisms in the adipocyte progenitor pool; Background: It is now understood that it is the quality rather than the absolute amount of adipose tissue that confers risk for obesity-associated disease. Adipose-derived stem cells give rise to adipocytes during the developmental establishment of adipose depots. In adult depots, a reservoir of progenitors serves to replace adipocytes that have reached their lifespan and for recruitment to increase lipid buffering capacity under conditions of positive energy balance. Main: The adipose tissue expandability hypothesis posits that a failure in de novo differentiation of adipocytes limits lipid storage capacity and leads to spillover of lipids into the circulation, precipitating the onset of obesity-associated disease. Since adipose progenitors are specified to their fate during late fetal life, perturbations in the intrauterine environment may influence the rapid expansion of adipose depots that occurs in childhood or progenitor function in established adult depots. Neonates born to mothers with obesity or diabetes during pregnancy tend to have excessive adiposity at birth and are at increased risk for childhood adiposity and cardiometabolic disease. Conclusion: In this narrative review, we synthesize current knowledge in the fields of obesity and developmental biology together with literature from the field of the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) to put forth the hypothesis that the intrauterine milieu of pregnancies complicated by maternal metabolic disease disturbs adipogenesis in the fetus, thereby accelerating the trajectory of adipose expansion in early postnatal life and predisposing to impaired adipose plasticity. © 2023, The Author(s).
Association between maternal metabolic profiles in pregnancy, dietary patterns during lactation and breast milk leptin: A retrospective cohort study; Breast milk leptin plays a potential role in preventing childhood obesity. However, the associations of breast milk leptin with maternal metabolism in pregnancy and dietary patterns during lactation are still unclear. We aimed to explore associations of breast milk leptin with maternal metabolic profiles in pregnancy and dietary patterns during lactation. A total of 332 participants were recruited for this retrospective cohort study. Breast milk samples were collected at approximately 6 weeks postpartum. Breast milk leptin and twenty-three metabolic profiles in pregnancy were measured in this study. A semi-quantitative FFQ was used to gather dietary information during lactation. Both principal component analysis and the diet balance index were used to derive dietary patterns. Among twenty-three maternal metabolic profiles, maternal serum glucose (β = 1·61, P = 0·009), γ-glutamyl transferase (β = 0·32, P = 0·047) and albumin (β = -2·96, P = 0·044) in pregnancy were correlated with breast milk leptin. All dietary patterns were associated with breast milk leptin. Given the joint effects of maternal metabolism in pregnancy and dietary patterns during lactation, only diet quality distance was significantly associated with leptin concentrations in breast milk (low level v. almost no diet problem: β = -0·46, P = 0·011; moderate/high level v. almost no diet problem: β = -0·43, P = 0·035). In conclusion, both maternal metabolism in pregnancy and dietary patterns during lactation were associated with breast milk leptin. Maternal diet balance during lactation was helpful to improve breast milk leptin concentration.  © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
Circulating levels of adropin and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Objective: Adropin, a newly identified regulatory protein has garnered attention given its potential role in metabolism regulation, especially glucose metabolism and insulin resistance. However, studies on the association between adropin and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are equivocal. The aim of this study is to assess the association between serum adropin levels and T2DM using a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of science, and Google Scholar were searched, up to August 2022, for studies that reported the association between serum levels of adropin in adults with T2DM compared to a control group without diabetes. A random-effect model was used to compute the pooled weighted mean difference (WMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Meta-analysis of 15 studies (n = 2813 participants) revealed that the serum adropin concentrations were significantly lower in patients with T2DM compared with the control group (WMD= -0.60 ng/mL, 95% CI: -0.70 to -0.49; I2 = 99.5%). Subgroup analysis also found lower concentration of adropin in patients with T2DM who were otherwise healthy compared to a control group (n = 9; WMD=-0.04 ng/ml, 95% CI= -0.06 to -0.01, p = 0.002; I2 = 96.4). Conclusions: Our study showed adropin levels are lower in patients with diabetes compared to a control group without diabetes. However, the limitations of observational studies challenge the validity of the results, and further investigations are needed to confirm the veracity of these findings and additionally explore possible mechanisms. © 2023, The Author(s).
Challenges Related to Acquisition of Physiological Data for Physiologically Based Pharmacokinetic (PBPK) Models in Postpartum, Lactating Women and Breastfed Infants—A Contribution from the ConcePTION Project; Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modelling is a bottom-up approach to predict pharmacokinetics in specific populations based on population-specific and medicine-specific data. Using an illustrative approach, this review aims to highlight the challenges of incorporating physiological data to develop postpartum, lactating women and breastfed infant PBPK models. For instance, most women retain pregnancy weight during the postpartum period, especially after excessive gestational weight gain, while breastfeeding might be associated with lower postpartum weight retention and long-term weight control. Based on a structured search, an equation for human milk intake reported the maximum intake of 153 mL/kg/day in exclusively breastfed infants at 20 days, which correlates with a high risk for medicine reactions at 2–4 weeks in breastfed infants. Furthermore, the changing composition of human milk and its enzymatic activities could affect pharmacokinetics in breastfed infants. Growth in breastfed infants is slower and gastric emptying faster than in formula-fed infants, while a slower maturation of specific metabolizing enzymes in breastfed infants has been described. The currently available PBPK models for these populations lack structured systematic acquisition of population-specific data. Future directions include systematic searches to fully identify physiological data. Following data integration as mathematical equations, this holds the promise to improve postpartum, lactation and infant PBPK models. © 2023 by the authors.
Association between plant-based diets and metabolic syndrome in obese adults from Iran: a cross-sectional study; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a common chronic disease with several complications. Given that, studies on the association of plant-based diet indices (PDIs) with risk of MetS among adults with obesity, are limited, we aimed to examine the association between PDIs (including overall PDI, healthy PDI (hPDI), unhealthy PDI (uPDI)) and MetS in Iranian adults with obesity. Methods: In Tabriz, Iran, a total of 347 adults between the ages of 20 and 50 participated in this cross-sectional research study. We created an overall PDI, hPDI, and uPDI from validated semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) data. To investigate the association between hPDI, overall PDI, uPDI, and MetS and its components, a binary logistic regression analysis was performed. Results: The average age was 40.78 ± 9.23 years, and the average body mass index was 32.62 ± 4.80 kg/m2. There was no significant association between overall PDI (OR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.54–1.47), hPDI (OR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.48–1.40), and uPDI (OR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.87–2.46) with MetS, even after adjustment for confounders. Moreover, our findings showed that participants with the highest adherence to uPDI had a higher chance of hyperglycemia (OR: 2.50; 95% CI: 1.13–5.52). Also, this association was significant in the first (OR: 2.51; 95% CI: 1.04–6.04) and second (OR: 2.58; 95% CI: 1.05–6.33) models, after controlling for covariates. However, in both adjusted and crude models, we did not find a significant association between hPDI and PDI scores and MetS components such as high triglyceride, high waist circumference, low High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, raised blood pressure, and hyperglycemia. Moreover, those in the top tertile of uPDI had higher fasting blood sugar and insulin levels when compared with those in the first tertile, and subjects in the last tertile of hPDI compared with participants in the first tertile had lower weight, waist-to-hip ratio, and fat-free mass. Conclusion: We found a direct significant association between uPDI and odds of hyperglycemia in the whole population of study. Future large-scale, prospective studies on PDIs and the MetS are necessary to confirm these findings. © 2023, The Author(s).
Pathophysiological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome; Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) is a common breathing disorder in sleep in which the airways narrow or collapse during sleep, causing obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of OSAS continues to rise worldwide, particularly in middle-aged and elderly individuals. The mechanism of upper airway collapse is incompletely understood but is associated with several factors, including obesity, craniofacial changes, altered muscle function in the upper airway, pharyngeal neuropathy, and fluid shifts to the neck. The main characteristics of OSAS are recurrent pauses in respiration, which lead to intermittent hypoxia (IH) and hypercapnia, accompanied by blood oxygen desaturation and arousal during sleep, which sharply increases the risk of several diseases. This paper first briefly describes the epidemiology, incidence, and pathophysiological mechanisms of OSAS. Next, the alterations in relevant signaling pathways induced by IH are systematically reviewed and discussed. For example, IH can induce gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis, impair the intestinal barrier, and alter intestinal metabolites. These mechanisms ultimately lead to secondary oxidative stress, systemic inflammation, and sympathetic activation. We then summarize the effects of IH on disease pathogenesis, including cardiocerebrovascular disorders, neurological disorders, metabolic diseases, cancer, reproductive disorders, and COVID-19. Finally, different therapeutic strategies for OSAS caused by different causes are proposed. Multidisciplinary approaches and shared decision-making are necessary for the successful treatment of OSAS in the future, but more randomized controlled trials are needed for further evaluation to define what treatments are best for specific OSAS patients. © 2023, The Author(s).
Proteomic and functional analysis of HDL subclasses in humans and rats: a proof-of-concept study; Background: The previous study investigated whether the functions of small, medium, and large high density lipoprotein (S/M/L-HDL) are correlated with protein changes in mice. Herein, the proteomic and functional analyses of high density lipoprotein (HDL) subclasses were performed in humans and rats. Methods: After purifying S/M/L-HDL subclasses from healthy humans (n = 6) and rats (n = 3) using fast protein liquid chromatography (FPLC) with calcium silica hydrate (CSH) resin, the proteomic analysis by mass spectrometry was conducted, as well as the capacities of cholesterol efflux and antioxidation was measured. Results: Of the 120 and 106 HDL proteins identified, 85 and 68 proteins were significantly changed in concentration among the S/M/L-HDL subclasses in humans and rats, respectively. Interestingly, it was found that the relatively abundant proteins in the small HDL (S-HDL) and large HDL (L-HDL) subclasses did not overlap, both in humans and in rats. Next, by searching for the biological functions of the relatively abundant proteins in the HDL subclasses via Gene Ontology, it was displayed that the relatively abundant proteins involved in lipid metabolism and antioxidation were enriched more in the medium HDL (M-HDL) subclass than in the S/L-HDL subclasses in humans, whereas in rats, the relatively abundant proteins associated with lipid metabolism and anti-oxidation were enriched in M/L-HDL and S/M-HDL, respectively. Finally, it was confirmed that M-HDL and L-HDL had the highest cholesterol efflux capacity among the three HDL subclasses in humans and rats, respectively; moreover, M-HDL exhibited higher antioxidative capacity than S-HDL in both humans and rats. Conclusions: The S-HDL and L-HDL subclasses are likely to have different proteomic components during HDL maturation, and results from the proteomics-based comparison of the HDL subclasses may explain the associated differences in function. © 2023, The Author(s).
Targeting protein modifications in metabolic diseases: molecular mechanisms and targeted therapies; The ever-increasing prevalence of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) represents a major public health burden worldwide. The most common form of NCD is metabolic diseases, which affect people of all ages and usually manifest their pathobiology through life-threatening cardiovascular complications. A comprehensive understanding of the pathobiology of metabolic diseases will generate novel targets for improved therapies across the common metabolic spectrum. Protein posttranslational modification (PTM) is an important term that refers to biochemical modification of specific amino acid residues in target proteins, which immensely increases the functional diversity of the proteome. The range of PTMs includes phosphorylation, acetylation, methylation, ubiquitination, SUMOylation, neddylation, glycosylation, palmitoylation, myristoylation, prenylation, cholesterylation, glutathionylation, S-nitrosylation, sulfhydration, citrullination, ADP ribosylation, and several novel PTMs. Here, we offer a comprehensive review of PTMs and their roles in common metabolic diseases and pathological consequences, including diabetes, obesity, fatty liver diseases, hyperlipidemia, and atherosclerosis. Building upon this framework, we afford a through description of proteins and pathways involved in metabolic diseases by focusing on PTM-based protein modifications, showcase the pharmaceutical intervention of PTMs in preclinical studies and clinical trials, and offer future perspectives. Fundamental research defining the mechanisms whereby PTMs of proteins regulate metabolic diseases will open new avenues for therapeutic intervention. © 2023, The Author(s).
Risk Factors of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in the Iranian Adult Population: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Context: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is progressing considerably worldwide. Identifying the risk factors of NAFLD is a critical step in preventing its progression. Methods: In November 2022, two independent researchers studied seven databases, including PubMed, ISI/WoS, ProQuest, Scopus, SID, Magiran, and Google Scholar, and reference list of relevant articles, searching studies that assessed NAFLD risk factors in the Iranian adult population. Heterogeneity between studies was assessed by Cochran’s test and its composition using I2 statistics. A random-effects model was used when heterogeneity was observed; otherwise, a fixed-effects model was applied. Egger’s regression test and Trim-and-Fill analysis were used to assess publication bias. Comprehensive Meta-analysis software (version 3) was used for the analyses of the present study. Results: The results of this study showed significant associations between NAFLD with age [n = 15, odds ratio (OR) = 2.12, 95% CI: 1.79-2.51], body mass index (n = 46, OR = 5.00, 95% CI: 3.34-7.49), waist circumference (n = 20, OR = 6.37, 95% CI: 3.25-12.48), waist-to-hip ratio (n = 17, OR = 4.72, 95% CI: 3.93-5.66), total cholesterol (n = 39, OR = 1.80, 95% CI: 1.52-2.13), high-density lipoprotein (n = 37, OR = 0.53, 95% CI: 0.44-0.65), low-density lipoprotein (n = 31, OR = 1.68, 95% CI: 1.38-2.05), triglyceride (n = 31, OR = 3.21, 95% CI: 2.67-3.87), alanine aminotransferase (n = 26, OR = 4.06, 95% CI: 2.94-5.62), aspartate aminotransferase (n = 27, OR = 2.16, 95% CI: 1.50-3.12), hypertension (n = 13, OR = 2.53, 95% CI: 2.32-2.77), systolic blood pressure (n = 13, OR = 1.83, 95% CI: 1.53-2.18), diastolic blood pressure (n = 14, OR = 1.80, 95% CI: 1.48-2.20), fasting blood sugar (n = 31,OR = 2.91, 95% CI: 2.11-4.01), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (n = 5, OR = 1.92, 95% CI: 1.48-2.59), diabetes mellitus (n = 15, OR = 3.04, 95% CI: 2.46-3.75), metabolic syndrome (n = 10, OR = 3.56, 95% CI: 2.79-4.55), and physical activity (n = 11, OR = 0.32, 95% CI: 0.24-0.43) (P < 0.05). Conclusions: In conclusion, several factors are significantly associated with NAFLD. However, anthropometric indices had the strongest relationship with NAFLD in the Iranian adult population. © 2023, Author(s).
PFAS: forever chemicals—persistent, bioaccumulative and mobile. Reviewing the status and the need for their phase out and remediation of contaminated sites; Background: Per- and polyfluorinated alkyl substances (PFAS) have received increasing scientific and political attention in recent years. Several thousand commercially produced compounds are used in numerous products and technical processes. Due to their extreme persistence in the environment, humans and all other life forms are, therefore, increasingly exposed to these substances. In the following review, PFAS will be examined comprehensively. Results: The best studied PFAS are carboxylic and sulfonic acids with chain lengths of C4 to C14, particularly perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS). These substances are harmful to aquatic fauna, insects, and amphibians at concentrations of a few µg/L or less, accumulate in organisms, and biomagnify in food webs. Humans, as the final link in numerous food chains, are subjected to PFAS uptake primarily through food and drinking water. Several PFAS have multiple toxic effects, particularly affecting liver, kidney, thyroid, and the immune system. The latter effect is the basis for the establishment of a tolerable weekly dose of only 4.4 ng/kg body weight for the sum of the four representatives PFOA, PFOS, perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA) and perfluorohexane sulfonic acid (PFHxS) by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) in 2020. Exposure estimates and human biomonitoring show that this value is frequently reached, and in many cases exceeded. PFAS are a major challenge for analysis, especially of products and waste: single-substance analyses capture only a fragment of the large, diverse family of PFAS. As a consequence, sum parameters have gained increasing importance. The high mobility of per and polyfluorinated carboxylic and sulfonic acids makes soil and groundwater pollution at contaminated sites a problem. In general, short-chain PFAS are more mobile than long-chain ones. Processes for soil and groundwater purification and drinking water treatment are often ineffective and expensive. Recycling of PFAS-containing products such as paper and food packaging leads to carryover of the contaminants. Incineration requires high temperatures to completely destroy PFAS. After PFOA, PFOS and a few other perfluorinated carboxylic and sulfonic acids were regulated internationally, many manufacturers and users switched to other PFAS: short-chain representatives, per- and polyfluorinated oxo carboxylic acids, telomeric alcohols and acids. Analytical studies show an increase in environmental concentrations of these chemicals. Ultra-short PFAS (chain length C1–C3) have not been well studied. Among others, trifluoroacetic acid (TFA) is present globally in rapidly increasing concentrations. Conclusions: The substitution of individual PFAS recognized as hazardous by other possibly equally hazardous PFAS with virtually unknown chronic toxicity can, therefore, not be a solution. The only answer is a switch to fluorine-free alternatives for all applications in which PFAS are not essential. © 2023, The Author(s).
Certain Fermented Foods and Their Possible Health Effects with a Focus on Bioactive Compounds and Microorganisms; Fermented foods refer to beverages or foods made by carefully regulated microbial growth and the enzymatic conversion of dietary components. Fermented foods have recently become more popular. Studies on fermented foods suggest the types of bacteria and bioactive peptides involved in this process, revealing linkages that may have impacts on human health. By identifying the bacteria and bioactive peptides involved in this process, studies on fermented foods suggest relationships that may have impressions on human health. Fermented foods have been associated with obesity, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes. In this article, fermented dairy products, vegetables and fruits, legumes, meats, and grains are included. Two elements in particular are emphasized when discussing the fermentation of all of these foods: bioactive chemicals generated during fermentation and microorganisms involved during fermentation. Organic acids, bioactive peptides, conjugated linoleic acid, biogenic amines, isoflavones, phytoestrogens, and nattokinase are a few of the bioactive compounds included in this review. Also, certain bacteria such as Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, Streptococcus, and Bacillus species, which are utilized in the fermentation process are mentioned. The effects of both substances including anti-fungal and antioxidant properties; the modulation of intestinal microbiota; anti-inflammatory, antidiabetes, anti-obesity, anticancer, and antihypertension properties; and the protection of cognitive function are explained in this review. © 2023 by the authors.
Melatonin protects HT-22 cells against palmitic acid-induced glucolipid metabolic dysfunction and cell injuries: Involved in the regulation of synaptic plasticity and circadian rhythms; Melatonin (MLT) is a hormonal substance reported with various pharmacological activities. Based on its effects of neuroprotection and metabolic regulation, the aim of the present study is to investigate its potential effect on palmitic acid (PA)-induced cell injuries and glucolipid metabolic dysfunction and explore the possible mechanism. Briefly, HT-22 cells were challenged with PA (0.1 mM, 24 h) and treated with MLT (10−6-10−8 mol/L). Cell proliferation, lipid accumulation and glucose consumption were detected. The protein expression of key molecular involved with the function of synaptic plasticity and circadian rhythms were measured via western blotting, and the expression of Map-2, MT1A, MT1B and Bmal1 were measured via immunofluorescence staining. The results showed that MLT could alleviate the neurotoxicity induced by PA, as indicated by the increased cell proliferation, enhanced fluorescence intensity of Map-2, and decreased lipid deposition and insulin resistance. Moreover, treatment of MLT could reverse the imbalanced expression of p-Akt, p-ERK, Synapsin I, Synaptotagmin I, BDNF, MT1B, Bmal1, and Clock in PA-induced HT-22 cells. These results suggested a remarkably neuroprotective effect of MLT against PA-induced cell injury and glucolipid metabolic dysfunction, the mechanism of which might be involved in the regulation of synaptic plasticity and circadian rhythms. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Investigating the potential role of swertiamarin on insulin resistant and non-insulin resistant granulosa cells of poly cystic ovarian syndrome patients; Background and aim: Conventional drugs have limitations due to prevalence of contraindications in PCOS patients. To explore the potential effects of swertiamarin, on abrupted insulin and steroidogenic signaling in human luteinized granulosa cells from PCOS patients with or without insulin resistance. Experimental procedure: hLGCs from 8 controls and 16 PCOS patients were classified for insulin resistance based on down regulation of protein expression of insulin receptor-β (INSR- β) as shown in our previous paper. Cells were grouped as control, PCOS-IR and PCOS-NIR, treated with swertiamarin (66 µM) and metformin (1 mM). Expression of key molecules involved in insulin signaling, fat metabolism, IGF system and steroidogenesis were compared between groups. Results: Swertiamarin significantly (P < 0.05) reversed the expression of INSR-β, PI(3)K, p-Akt, PKC-ζ, PPARγ, (P < 0.01) IRS (Ser 307) and IGF system in PCOS-IR group and was equally potent to metformin. In the same group, candidate genes viz SREBP1c, FAS, ACC-1 and CPT-1 were down regulated by swertiamarin (P < 0.001) and metformin (P < 0.001). Significant upregulation was demonstrated in expression of StAR, CYP19A1, 17β-HSD and 3β-HSD when treated with swertiamarin (P < 0.01) and metformin (P < 0.01) in PCOS-IR followed by increase in 17β-HSD and 3β-HSD enzyme activity along with estradiol and progesterone secretions. However, swertiamarin did not reveal any effect on PCOS-NIR group as compared to metformin that significantly (P < 0.01) reversed all the parameters related to steroidogenesis and down regulated basal expression of insulin signaling genes. Conclusion: Swertiamarin, presents itself as a potential fertility drug in hLGCs from PCOS-IR patients. © 2023, The Author(s).
Prolactin in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Metabolic Effects and Therapeutic Prospects; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most prevalent endocrine and metabolic disorder in premenopausal women, characterized by hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction, and polycystic ovaries. Patients frequently present comorbidities, including obesity, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose and lipid metabolism. The diverse clinical presentation may mimic various endocrine disorders, making the diagnosis challenging in some clinical circumstances. Prolactin (PRL) is a recommended biomarker in the initial diagnostic workup to rule out hyperprolactinemia (HPRL). The traditional role of PRL is linked to lactation and the reproductive system. Recent research highlights PRL’s emerging role in metabolic homeostasis. PRL influences metabolism directly by interacting with the pancreas, liver, hypothalamus, and adipose tissue. Its influence on an individual’s metabolism is intricately tied to its serum concentration. While deficient and very high levels of PRL can negatively affect metabolism, intermediate–normal to moderately high levels may promote metabolic health. In women with PCOS, PRL levels may be altered. Research results on different aspects of the relationship between PCOS and the impact of various levels of PRL on metabolic homeostasis are limited and inconsistent. In this narrative literature review, we comprehensively examined data on serum PRL levels in PCOS patients. We investigated the correlation between a favorable metabolic profile and serum PRL levels in this population. Furthermore, we explored the concept of beneficial PRL effects on metabolism and discussed the potential therapeutic application of dopamine agonists in PCOS treatment. Lastly, we emphasized several promising avenues for future research in this field. © 2023 by the authors.
How caffeic acid and its derivatives combat diabetes and its complications: A systematic review; Caffeic acid (CA) and its derivatives, caffeic acid phenyl ethyl amide (CAPA) and caffeic acid phenyl ester (CAPE), were shown to have anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-diabetic effects. Therefore, in this systematic review, a literature search was conducted from inception until June 2023 on major electronic databases (ISI Web of Science, MEDLINE/PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library, and Google Scholar) to find studies evaluating the impacts of CA and its common derivatives on diabetes and its complications in different cellular, animal, and clinical studies. CA and its derivatives therapy mitigated levels of blood glucose, oxidative stress markers, and inflammatory cytokines while increasing levels of anti-oxidative markers in different cellular and animal models of diabetes. Furthermore, they remarkably propagated insulin secretion and ameliorated insulin resistance. CA and its derivatives also revealed protective effects against diabetes complications, such as diabetic-induced hepatic damage, cardiomyopathy, endothelial dysfunction, retinopathy, cognitive deficit, nephropathy, and neuropathy. © 2023
The clinical implications of Porphyromonas gingivalis and its detection methods – a systematic review; Introduction: Mounting evidence has shown the significant correlation between periodontitis and the development of other comorbidities, such as cardiovascular disease due to periodontopathogenic bacterial migration and colonisation. As the main etiologic agent of periodontitis, the role of Porphyromonas gingivalis (P. gingivalis) has been widely explored as the main culprit and its early detection is crucial to control the exacerbation of diseases. This review aims to identify and summarise all clinical diseases that potentially developed due to the presence of P. gingivalis and discover all its detection methods that have been developed. Materials and Methods: Full-text articles of case report, case control, cohort and cross-sectional studies that were published from 1st January 2012 until 30th June 2022, were searched using PubMed, CINAHL and Scopus. Periodontal related diseases were excluded in this review due to its well-known associated disease with P. gingivalis. A comparison studies of detection methods were also excluded in this review. Results: Out of 612 articles that were screened, only 106 met the eligibility criteria to be selected for further review. Risk of bias was performed using FEAT principles and reviewers’ discussion. A total of 21 final articles that were reviewed showed significant correlation with P. gingivalis and were classified into several clinical domains. Twelve out of 13 detection methods showed high sensitivity and specificity with short duration analysis. Conclusion: Due to asymptomatic periodontal disease and the high prevalence of P. gingivalis-associated clinical diseases, this review suggests the need for oral public health awareness and early screening for the bacterium detection especially among elderly groups to maintain their quality of life. © 2023, Malaysian Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Unveiling the future of metabolic medicine: omics technologies driving personalized solutions for precision treatment of metabolic disorders; Metabolic disorders are increasingly prevalent worldwide, leading to high rates of morbidity and mortality. The variety of metabolic illnesses can be addressed through personalized medicine. The goal of personalized medicine is to give doctors the ability to anticipate the best course of treatment for patients with metabolic problems. By analyzing a patient's metabolomic, proteomic, genetic profile, and clinical data, physicians can identify relevant diagnostic, and predictive biomarkers and develop treatment plans and therapy for acute and chronic metabolic diseases. To achieve this goal, real-time modeling of clinical data and multiple omics is essential to pinpoint underlying biological mechanisms, risk factors, and possibly useful data to promote early diagnosis and prevention of complex diseases. Incorporating cutting-edge technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning is crucial for consolidating diverse forms of data, examining multiple variables, establishing databases of clinical indicators to aid decision-making, and formulating ethical protocols to address concerns. This review article aims to explore the potential of personalized medicine utilizing omics approaches for the treatment of metabolic disorders. It focuses on the recent advancements in genomics, epigenomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and nutrigenomics, emphasizing their role in revolutionizing personalized medicine. © 2023
Epigenetic regulation in metabolic diseases: mechanisms and advances in clinical study; Epigenetics regulates gene expression and has been confirmed to play a critical role in a variety of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), osteoporosis, gout, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism and others. The term ‘epigenetics’ was firstly proposed in 1942 and with the development of technologies, the exploration of epigenetics has made great progresses. There are four main epigenetic mechanisms, including DNA methylation, histone modification, chromatin remodelling, and noncoding RNA (ncRNA), which exert different effects on metabolic diseases. Genetic and non-genetic factors, including ageing, diet, and exercise, interact with epigenetics and jointly affect the formation of a phenotype. Understanding epigenetics could be applied to diagnosing and treating metabolic diseases in the clinic, including epigenetic biomarkers, epigenetic drugs, and epigenetic editing. In this review, we introduce the brief history of epigenetics as well as the milestone events since the proposal of the term ‘epigenetics’. Moreover, we summarise the research methods of epigenetics and introduce four main general mechanisms of epigenetic modulation. Furthermore, we summarise epigenetic mechanisms in metabolic diseases and introduce the interaction between epigenetics and genetic or non-genetic factors. Finally, we introduce the clinical trials and applications of epigenetics in metabolic diseases. © 2023, The Author(s).
Pure total flavonoids from citrus improve nonalcoholic steatohepatitis liver inflammatory responses by regulating the CCL2/CCR2-PI3K-Akt signal transduction pathway; Background and Aim: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a critical stage in the prognosis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Pure total flavonoids from circus (PTFC) play essential roles in the improvement of NASH symptoms, but the underlying regulatory mechanism remains elusive. Our previous high-throughput omics screening results indicate that the CCL2/CCR2-PI3K-Akt signaling pathway is a key pathway that regulates the liver inflammatory response. PTFC may regulate the CCL2/CCR2-PI3K-Akt signaling pathway to improve the liver inflammatory response. Methods: A mice model of NASH was established by a high-fat diet, and PTFC was used as treatment. Hematoxylin-eosin and oil red O staining were used to observe the pathological changes in the liver tissue. Western blotting and real-time PCR were used to measure the mRNA and protein levels in the liver. The expression of proinflammatory cytokines in the peripheral blood and liver tissues was measured by liquid suspension array. An automatic biochemical method was used to examine serum transaminases and lipids levels, as well as liver lipids. Results: Compared with the mice in the high-fat diet group, mice in the HFD + PTFC group showed significantly improved liver histopathology, and levels of serum transaminase and lipids, liver lipids and serum proinflammatory cytokines. Moreover, the mRNA and protein expression and phosphorylation levels of key signaling molecules in the CCL2/CCR2-PI3K-Akt signal transduction pathway were obviously reduced by PTFC treatment. Conclusive Remarks: PTFC can ameliorate NASH symptoms, and the mechanism may be related to regulating the CCL2/CCR2-PI3K-Akt signal transduction pathway to reduce the liver inflammatory response. © 2022 American Association for Anatomy.
Nurturing through Nutrition: Exploring the Role of Antioxidants in Maternal Diet during Pregnancy to Mitigate Developmental Programming of Chronic Diseases; Chronic diseases represent one of the major causes of death worldwide. It has been suggested that pregnancy-related conditions, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), maternal obesity (MO), and intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR) induce an adverse intrauterine environment, increasing the offspring’s predisposition to chronic diseases later in life. Research has suggested that mitochondrial function and oxidative stress may play a role in the developmental programming of chronic diseases. Having this in mind, in this review, we include evidence that mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress are mechanisms by which GDM, MO, and IUGR program the offspring to chronic diseases. In this specific context, we explore the promising advantages of maternal antioxidant supplementation using compounds such as resveratrol, curcumin, N-acetylcysteine (NAC), and Mitoquinone (MitoQ) in addressing the metabolic dysfunction and oxidative stress associated with GDM, MO, and IUGR in fetoplacental and offspring metabolic health. This approach holds potential to mitigate developmental programming-related risk of chronic diseases, serving as a probable intervention for disease prevention. © 2023 by the authors.
The effect of chronic high-intensity interval training programs on glycaemic control, aerobic resistance, and body composition in type 2 diabetic patients: a meta-analysis; Background: Type 2 diabetes is an increasing health problem worldwide. HIIT has been proposed as an exercise alternative to be part of integral type 2 diabetes treatment. Objective: The aim of this meta-analysis was to determine the effect of different types of chronic HIIT on glycaemic control, aerobic resistance, and body composition in individuals above 18 years with T2D. Design: This meta-analysis was conducted in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-analysis (PRISMA) statement and was registered with PROSPERO on November 21st, 2021. Data sources: A systematic literature search of the following databases: EbscoHost (Academic Search Ultimate, Fuente Académica Plus, MEDline and SportDiscus), Web of Science, PubMed, and EMBASE between April of 2021 and April of 2023 was conducted. Eligibility criteria for selecting studies: Eligibility criteria included (1) participants aged ≥ 18 years with a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, (2) an HIIT protocol with detailed description, (3) control group and/or continuous aerobic training comparison group, (4) report of pre-test and post-test values for at least one of the studied variables (from glycaemic control, aerobic resistance, and/or body composition), and (5) experimental or quasi-experimental intervention design. Analyses: Meta-analysis was made by a pre–post-test between-group analysis following the inverse variance heterogeneity model for each variable, and then, a subgroup analysis by type of HIIT was conducted. Results: Of the 2817 records obtained, 180 records were included for meta-analysis. Significant improvements were found in the most part of the variables when HIIT was compared to control group, while fat-free mass kept without changes. HIIT vs. continuous aerobic training results showed and advantage in favor of HIIT for fasting blood glycemia. Subgroup analysis refers a possible advantage of SI-HIIT and SIT-HIIT in the improvement of fasting glycemia and SIT-HIIT advantage in HOMA 1-IR decrease. Conclusions: HIIT improves glycaemic control, aerobic resistance, and % fat and waist circumference, and kept fat-free mass unchanged in individuals with T2D. SI-HIIT and SIT-HIIT could be better than the other types of HIIT. HIIT benefit is similar to continuous aerobic training except for fasting blood glycemia. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Exploratory analysis of the effect of a controlled lifestyle intervention on inflammatory markers – the Healthy Lifestyle Community Programme (cohort 2); Background: Chronic low-grade inflammation is associated with an increased risk of chronic disease and mortality. The objective of the study was to test the effect of a healthy lifestyle intervention on biomarkers of inflammation (among other risk markers). Methods: We conducted a non-randomized controlled trial with mostly middle-aged and elderly participants from the general population in rural northwest Germany (intervention: n = 114; control: n = 87). The intervention consisted of a 1-year lifestyle programme focusing on diet (largely plant-based; strongest emphasis), physical activity, stress management, and social support. High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) was assessed at baseline, 10 weeks, 6 months, and 1 year. Homocysteine (Hcy) was assessed at baseline, 10 weeks, and 1 year. Adiponectin (Apn) was assessed at baseline and 10 weeks. An exploratory analysis of these inflammatory markers assessing the between-group differences with ANCOVA was conducted. Results: The 1-year trajectory of hs-CRP was significantly lower in the intervention group compared to control (between-group difference: -0.8 (95% CI -1.2, -0.3) mg/l; p = 0.001; adjusted for baseline). The 1-year trajectory of Hcy was non-significantly higher in the intervention compared to control (between-group difference: 0.2 (95% CI -0.3, 0.7) µmol/l; p = 0.439; adjusted for baseline). From baseline to 10 weeks, Apn decreased significantly more in the intervention group compared to control (between-group difference: -1.6 (95% CI -2.7, -0.5) µg/ml; p = 0.004; adjusted for baseline). Conclusions: Our study shows that healthy lifestyle changes can lower hs-CRP and Apn levels and are unlikely to significantly affect Hcy levels within 1 year. Trial registration: German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS; reference: DRKS00018775, registered 12 Sept 2019; retrospectively registered; www.drks.de). © 2023, The Author(s).
Severe gestational diabetes mellitus in lean dams is associated with low IL-1α levels and affects the growth of the juvenile mouse offspring; We investigated how maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts the metabolic status of offspring. GDM was induced in CD1 mice consuming a fast-food diet (FFD) by repeated low-dose streptozotocin injections before mating. Offspring of normoglycemic standard chow or the FFD consuming dams served as controls. In 4-week-old offspring weaned to standard chow, plasma concentrations of extracellular DNA, inflammatory markers, and parameters of the cardiometabolic status (glycemia, liver lipid content; body, organ, and fat weight) were determined. Two-factor analysis of variance indicated that the male offspring of GDM dams manifest postnatal growth retardation and lower relative kidney weight. Regardless of sex, GDM offspring manifest the lowest IL-1α levels, and other inflammatory markers showed mild and inconsistent alterations. Offspring of dams consuming the FFD displayed higher liver triacylglycerols content. The three groups of offspring showed no significant differences in glycemia and extracellular DNA. Partial least squares-discriminant analysis indicated that male GDM offspring present lower kidney, body, and brown adipose tissue weights; lower IL-1α levels, and higher concentrations of GM-CSF and IL-10 compared with their FFD counterparts. The model failed to select discriminative variables in females. In conclusion, in mice, maternal GDM in the absence of obesity adversely affects the early growth of juvenile male offspring. © 2023, The Author(s).
Excessive Pregestational Weight and Maternal Obstetric Complications: The Role of Adipokines; There is a high frequency of overweight and obesity in women of reproductive age. Women who start pregnancy with overweight or obesity have an increased risk of developing maternal obstetric complications such as gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum hemorrhage, and requiring C-section to resolve the pregnancy with a higher risk of C-section surgical site infection. Excessive weight in pregnancy is characterized by dysregulation of adipokines, the functions of which partly explain the predisposition of pregnant women with overweight or obesity to these maternal obstetric complications. This review compiles, organizes, and analyzes the most recent studies on adipokines in pregnant women with excess weight and the potential pathophysiological mechanisms favoring the development of maternal pregnancy complications. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of natural products on polycystic ovary syndrome: From traditional medicine to modern drug discovery; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder with a worldwide prevalence of 6–10 % of women of reproductive age. PCOS is a risk factor for cardiometabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction, and stroke in addition to exhibiting signs of hyperandrogenism and anovulation. However, there is no known cure for PCOS, and medications have only ever been used symptomatically, with a variety of adverse effects. Drugs made from natural plant products may help treat PCOS because several plant extracts have been widely recognized to lessen the symptoms of PCOS. In light of this, 72 current studies on natural products with the potential to control PCOS were examined. By controlling the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and decreasing NF-κB and cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin-1 (IL-1), and interleukin-6 (IL-6), certain plant-derived chemicals might reduce inflammation. Other substances altered the HPO axis, which normalized hormones. Additionally, other plant components increased glutathione (GSH), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) levels to reduce radiation-induced oxidative stress. The other substances prevented autophagy by impairing beclin 1, autophagy-related 5 (ATG5), and microtubule-associated protein 1A/1B-light chain 3 - II (LC3- II). The main focus of this comprehensive review is the possibility of plant extracts as natural bio-resources of PCOS treatment by regulating inflammation, hormones, reactive oxygen species (ROS), or autophagy. © 2023 The Authors
MicroRNAs and Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis: A Review; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a clinicopathologic syndrome caused by fat deposition in hepatocytes. Patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), an advanced form of NAFLD with severe fibrosis, are at high risk for liver-related complications, including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, the mechanism of progression from simple fat deposition to NASH is complex, and previous reports have linked NAFLD to gut microbiota, bile acids, immunity, adipokines, oxidative stress, and genetic or epigenetic factors. NASH-related liver injury involves multiple cell types, and intercellular signaling is thought to be mediated by extracellular vesicles. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, noncoding RNAs that play important roles as post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression and have been implicated in the pathogenesis of various diseases. Recently, many reports have implicated microRNAs in the pathogenesis of NALFD/NASH, suggesting that exosomal miRNAs are potential non-invasive and sensitive biomarkers and that the microRNAs involved in the mechanism of the progression of NASH may be potential therapeutic target molecules. We are interested in which miRNAs are involved in the pathogenesis of NASH and which are potential target molecules for therapy. We summarize targeted miRNAs associated with the etiology and progression of NASH and discuss each miRNA in terms of its pathophysiology, potential therapeutic applications, and efficacy as a NASH biomarker. © 2023 by the authors.
Astragaloside IV Inhibited Podocyte Pyroptosis in Diabetic Kidney Disease by Regulating SIRT6/HIF-1α Axis; To investigate the effect of astragaloside IV (AS) on podocytes pyroptosis in diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Forty male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into normal group (n = 10) and model group (n = 30). Rats in model group were intraperitoneally injected streptozotocin (60 mg/kg) for 3 days to induce DKD. Then rats were divided into DKD group, AS group, and UBCS group. The AS group was given 40 mg/kg/d of AS by gavage, and UBCS group was given 50 mg/kg/d of UBCS039 by gavage, and normal group and DKD group were given the same amount saline for 8 weeks, once a day. Hematoxylin-eosin and masson staining were used to observe pathology of kidney. Rat podocytes were divided into normal group, mannitol hypertonic group, high-glucose group, UBCS group, OSS group, and AS group. Western blotting, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, immunofluorescence, and flow cytometry were used to analyze pyroptosis-related markers and reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels. Results showed that AS inhibited ROS and alleviated podocytes pyroptosis in rats by increasing expression of sirtuin 6 (SIRT6) and decreasing expression of hypoxia inducible factor 1 subunit alpha (HIF-1a). UBCS039 and AS enhanced SIRT6 level, decreased HIF-1a level, and finally improved pyroptosis of podocytes in vitro, whereas OSS-128167 showed the opposite effect for podocytes pyroptosis. AS improved podocytes pyroptosis in DKD by regulating SIRT6/HIF-1a pathway, thereby alleviating injury of DKD. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Clinical Significance of Adropin and Afamin in Evaluating Renal Function and Cardiovascular Health in the Presence of CKD-MBD Biomarkers in Chronic Kidney Disease; Aim: The study aims to test the hypothesis that concentrations of adropin and afamin differ between patients in various stages of chronic kidney disease when compared with healthy controls. The study also investigates the association of the biomarkers (adropin and afamin) with CKD-MBD and traditional cardiovascular risk parameters in CKD patients. Methodology: The cross-sectional study includes the subjects divided into four groups comprising the control group (healthy volunteers = 50), CKD stages 1–2 patients (n = 50), CKD stages 3–4 patients (n = 50), CKD stage 5 patients (n = 50). Serum concentrations of adropin and afamin were determined using ELISA. Clinical variables (renal, lipid, and CKD-MBD parameters) were correlated to adropin and afamin concentrations. Results: Afamin concentration was found to be higher in group IV, followed by groups III and II when compared to the control group, i.e., (83.243 ± 1.46, 64.233 ± 0.99, and 28.948 ± 0.72 vs. 14.476 ± 0.5) mg/L (p < 0.001), and adropin concentration was found to be lower in group IV as compared to groups III, II, and I (200.342 ± 8.37 vs. 284.682 ± 9.89 vs. 413.208 ± 12.32 vs. 706.542 ± 11.32) pg/mL (p < 0.001), respectively. Pearson correlation analysis showed that afamin was positively correlated with traditional cardiovascular risk biomarkers, while adropin showed a negative correlation. Conclusions: Adropin and afamin may potentially serve as futuristic predictors for the deterioration of renal function and may be involved in the pathological mechanisms of CKD and its associated complications such as CKD-MBD and high lipid levels. © 2023 by the authors.
Intramyocellular Triglyceride Content During the Early Course of Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes; Intramyocellular lipid content (IMCL) is elevated in insulin-resistant humans, but it changes over time, and relationships with comorbidities remain unclear. We examined IMCL during the initial course of diabetes and its associations with complications. Participants of the German Diabetes Study (GDS) with recent-onset type 1 (n = 132) or type 2 diabetes (n = 139) and glucose-tolerant control subjects (n = 128) underwent1 H-MRS to measure IMCL and muscle volume, whole-body insulin sensitivity (hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps; M-value), and cycling spiroergometry (VO2max). Subgroups underwent the same measurements after 5 years. At baseline, IMCL was ~30% higher in type 2 diabetes than in other groups independently of age, sex, BMI, and muscle volume. In type 2 diabetes, the M-value was ~36% and ~62% lower compared with type 1 diabetes and control subjects, re-spectively. After 5 years, the M-value decreased by ~29% in type 1 and ~13% in type 2 diabetes, whereas IMCL remained unchanged. The correlation between IMCL and M-value in type 2 diabetes at baseline was modulated by VO2max. IMCL also associated with micro-albuminuria, the Framingham risk score for cardiovascular disease, and cardiac autonomic neuropathy. Changes in IMCL within 5 years after diagnosis do not mirror the progression of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes but associate with early diabetes-related complications. © 2023 by the American Diabetes Association.
The role of probiotic supplementation in inflammatory biomarkers in adults: an umbrella meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Despite the increasing evidence for probiotics’ anti-inflammatory effects, the results of meta-analyses remain inconsistent. The present umbrella meta-analysis aimed to investigate the effects of probiotic supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers. Methods: We performed a wide-ranging systematic search in several databases, including PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, EMBASE, and Google Scholar up to April 2023. The overall effect sizes were calculated using effect size (ES) values and their corresponding confidence intervals (CI). Results: Out of a total of 580 related articles, 39 studies were qualified for inclusion in the analysis. The results of the analysis revealed a significant reduction of C-reactive protein (CRP) (ES = −1.02; 95% CI: −1.23, −0.80, p < 0.001; I 2: 94.1%, p < 0.001), TNF-α (ES = −0.35; 95% CI: −0.50, −0.20, p < 0.001; I 2: 75.6%, p < 0.001), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels (ES = −0.36; 95% CI: −0.59, −0.13, p = 0.002; I 2: 85.6%, p < 0.001), following probiotic supplementation. Conclusion: Probiotic supplementation significantly reduced serum concentrations of TNF-a, CRP, and IL-6. Thus, probiotic supplementation can be considered adjuvant therapy to alleviate inflammation in various inflammatory conditions. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Sex Hormone Binding Globulin is an Independent Predictor for Insulin Resistance in Male Patients with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: This study explored the correlation between sex hormones, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), and insulin resistance in male patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 48 male patients with newly diagnosed T2DM were enrolled in this study between March 2022 and December 2022. Clinical characteristics, sex hormones, and SHBG levels were collected. All enrolled subjects received intensive hypoglycemic treatment with insulin pump for 1 week to achieve glycemic control, then the steady-state glucose infusion rate (GIR), an indicator of insulin sensitivity, was determined by the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. Correlation analysis and multivariate logistic regression analysis were performed to explore the association of clinical characteristics, sex hormones, and SHBG with insulin sensitivity. The optimal cutoff value to predict insulin resistance was calculated using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Results: According to the GIR cut-point value of 5.700 mg/(kg min), there were 40 patients with insulin resistance (IR group) and 8 patients without (non-IR group). The IR group exhibited lower testosterone and SHBG levels than the non-IR group (all p < 0.050). Correlation analysis showed that insulin sensitivity was positively associated with testosterone and SHBG, while negatively associated with body mass index, fasting blood glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, total cholesterol, triglyceride, and apolipoprotein B (all p < 0.050). Multivariate logistic regression analysis demonstrated that SHBG is an independent predictor for insulin resistance (p = 0.029). Further ROC curve analysis revealed that the optimal cutoff value of SHBG to predict insulin resistance is 17.200 nmol/L, with the corresponding area under the curve (AUC) and its 95% confidence interval (CI) being 0.813 and 0.691–0.934. Conclusions: SHBG is an independent predictor for insulin resistance in male patients with newly diagnosed T2DM. Trial Registration Number: KY20220314-01. © 2023, The Author(s).
Advances in the application of lipidomics analysis method in children's health and diseases; Lipidomics analysis method is a comprehensive and systematic analysis and identification of lipid metabolites and interacting molecules, which can reveal the relationship between lipid metabolism and physiological or pathological processes of cells, organs and even the body. The development of lipidomics analysis method has not only been limited to the auxiliary verification of pathology in clinically diagnosed patients, but has gradually developed into a means of prospective prediction of disease occurrence and monitoring of disease progression. This article mainly summarizes the application progress of lipidomics analysis method in children s health and disease. © 2023 Editorial Office of Chinese Journal of Child Health Care
Prevalence of incidental sonographic findings of hepatic steatosis in children under 4 years of age; Background: The age of onset of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and its prevalence in young children is incompletely understood. Objective: We sought to evaluate the prevalence of ultrasound findings of hepatic steatosis in a cohort of children less than 4 years of age. Materials and methods: This is an institutional review board–approved retrospective review of ultrasounds performed on children less than 4 years of age from January 2022 to August 2022 at a single quaternary care center. Two independent blinded reviewers evaluated for qualitative and semi-quantitative findings of hepatic steatosis. Per prior literature, hepatorenal index (HRI)>1.75 was used as a threshold suggestive of hepatic steatosis. Chi-square, Mann–Whitney U test, and logistic regression analyses were performed for univariable and multivariable statistical analyses. Kappa statistics were used to assess agreement between reviewers. Results: Eighty-five males and 102 females, median age of 1.1 years (interquartile range 2.1 years), were included. Qualitative findings of hepatic steatosis were seen in 26/187 (14%; 95% CI 10–20%). An HRI>1.75 was present in 15/187 (8%; 95% CI: 5–13%) of examinations, including 11 females and 4 males, and 7/123 (6%) participants <2 years old. Among participants with overweight or obesity, 8/43 (19%) had HRI>1.75 vs. 7/144 (5%) participants without overweight or obesity (P=0.004). Each percentile increase in anthropometrics percentile (weight-to-length or BMI, depending on age) was associated with 22 increased odds of HRI>1.75 (P=0.02). Conclusion: Prevalence of sonographic findings of hepatic steatosis in an unselected sample of preschool-age children is 8–14%, and are more common in participants with overweight/obesity. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Recent advances in LC-MS-based metabolomics for clinical biomarker discovery; The employment of liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) untargeted and targeted metabolomics has led to the discovery of novel biomarkers and improved the understanding of various disease mechanisms. Numerous strategies have been reported to expand the metabolite coverage in LC-MS-untargeted and targeted metabolomics. To improve the sensitivity of low-abundance or poor-ionized metabolites for reducing the amount of clinical sample, chemical derivatization methods are used to target different functional groups. Proper sample preparation is beneficial for reducing the matrix effect, maintaining the stability of the LC-MS system, and increasing the metabolite coverage. Machine learning has recently been integrated into the workflow of LC-MS metabolomics to accelerate metabolite identification and data-processing automation, and increase the accuracy of disease classification and clinical outcome prediction. Due to the rapidly growing utility of LC-MS metabolomics in discovering disease markers, this review will address the recent advances in the field and offer perspectives on various strategies for expanding metabolite coverage, chemical derivatization, sample preparation, clinical disease markers, and machining learning for disease modeling. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes in pediatric obesity; Type 2 Diabetes in youth is an aggressive disease characterized by progressive pancreatic B-cell function loss and worse glycemic control and diabetes-related comorbidities outcomes than in adults with T2DM. Additionally, there are limited, effective treatment outcomes for youth with T2DM compared to adults. Treatment of obesity may help glycemic control in both adults and adolescents with T2DM. This chapter is a review of the epidemiology, pathophysiology, screening, and treatment options for youth with T2DM with an anti-obesity approach. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023. All rights reserved.
Dietary intake of pregnant women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A case-control study; Background and aims: Findings on the role of diet in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) pathogenesis are inconsistent. There are few studies on the dietary habits of pregnant women with NAFLD. Our primary aim was to compare the dietary intakes of pregnant women with and without NAFLD. Methods: This case–control study recruited 60 women (26–34 weeks' gestation) with recently diagnosed gestational diabetes (GDM) before any treatment was implemented. At recruitment, all participants underwent B-mode hepatic ultrasound. We included 30 women with sonographic NAFLD (cases) and 30 women without NAFLD (controls) matched for age, skin color, and pre-pregnancy body mass index. We assessed participants' dietary intakes in the last six months using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Mann–Whitney´s test was used to compare differences in median macro and micronutrient intakes between cases and controls. Results: Total median daily energy (1965.1 × 1949.2 calories) and lipid (25.1% × 28.3%) intakes were similar in women with and without NAFLD and fell within recommended ranges. Participants with NAFLD reported significantly higher median daily intakes of carbohydrates (59.4% × 53.1% p = 0.003), and significantly lower protein (15.6% × 17.0% p = 0.005), fiber (10.7 × 13.3 g/day p = 0.010), and vitamin C (151.8 × 192.6 mg/day p = 0.008) intakes than those without NAFLD. Conclusions: Pregnant women with NAFLD ingest more carbohydrates and less protein, fiber, and vitamin C than those without NAFLD. Our findings contribute to understanding the role of diet in the development of NAFLD in pregnant women. © 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
In praise of pioglitazone: An economically efficacious therapy for type 2 diabetes and other manifestations of the metabolic syndrome; Pioglitazone improves glycaemic control, not only by lowering insulin resistance, but also by improving beta cell function. Because of the improved beta cell function the glycaemic control that occurs with pioglitazone is prolonged. Pioglitazone has positive effects not only on cardiac risk factors and surrogate measures of cardiovascular disease, it also lowers the incidence of cardiac events in patients with diabetes. The recurrence of transient ischaemic attack and ischaemic stroke is also reduced in non-diabetic, insulin-resistant subjects. Utilized at preclinical stages (but not later) of heart failure, pioglitazone improves diastolic function and avoids progression to heart failure. Pioglitazone, through suppression of atrial remodelling, also decreases the incidence of atrial fibrillation. The manifestations of diseases associated with insulin resistance (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and polycystic ovary disease) are also improved with pioglitazone. Pioglitazone may possibly improve psoriasis and other dermopathies. Pioglitazone is therefore an inexpensive and efficacious drug for the insulin-resistant subject with diabetes that is underutilized because of biases that have evolved from the toxicities of other thiazolidinediones. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Aggravated hepatic fibrosis induced by phenylalanine and tyrosine was ameliorated by chitooligosaccharides supplementation; Hepatic fibrosis is a classic pathological manifestation of metabolic chronic hepatopathy. The pathological process might either gradually deteriorate into cirrhosis and ultimately liver cancer with inappropriate nutrition supply, or be slowed down by several multifunctional nutrients, alternatively. Herein, we found diet with excessive phenylalanine (Phe) and tyrosine (Tyr) exacerbated hepatic fibrosis symptoms of liver dysfunction and gut microflora dysbiosis in mice. Chitooligosaccharides (COS) could ameliorate hepatic fibrosis with the regulation of amino acid metabolism by downregulating the mTORC1 pathway, especially that of Phe and Tyr, and also with the alleviation of the dysbiosis of gut microbiota, simultaneously. Conclusively, this work presents new insight into the role of Phe and Tyr in the pathologic process of hepatic fibrosis, while revealing the effectiveness and molecular mechanism of COS in improving hepatic fibrosis from the perspective of metabolites. © 2023 The Authors
Genome-wide DNA methylation analysis of body composition in Chinese monozygotic twins; Background: Little is currently known about epigenetic alterations associated with body composition in obesity. Thus, we aimed to explore epigenetic relationships between genome-wide DNA methylation levels and three common traits of body composition as measured by body fat percentage (BF%), fat mass (FM) and lean body mass (LBM) among Chinese monozygotic twins. Methods: Generalized estimated equation model was used to regress the methylation level of CpG sites on body composition. Inference about Causation Through Examination Of Familial Confounding was used to explore the evidence of a causal relationship. Gene expression analysis was further performed to validate the results of differentially methylated genes. Results: We identified 32, 22 and 28 differentially methylated CpG sites (p < 10−5) as well as 20, 17 and eight differentially methylated regions (slk-corrected p < 0.05) significantly associated with BF%, FM and LBM which were annotated to 65 genes, showing partially overlapping. Causal inference demonstrated bidirectional causality between DNA methylation and body composition (p < 0.05). Gene expression analysis revealed significant correlations between expression levels of five differentially methylated genes and body composition (p < 0.05). Conclusions: These DNA methylation signatures will contribute to increased knowledge about the epigenetic basis of body composition and provide new strategies for early prevention and treatment of obesity and its related diseases. © 2023 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Photo-excitable zinc sulfide nanoparticles: A theranostic nanotool for cancer management; Objectives: Zinc sulfide nanoparticles (ZnS NPs), as one of the quantum dots less than 10 nm, possess unique size-dependent autofluorescence. Excitation of their valence electrons by energy higher than the bandgap reveals the ZnS NPs' inherited photocatalysis with additive cytotoxic consequences of reactive oxygen species (ROS) release. Coupling the cytotoxicity of photoactivated ZnS NPs with their autofluorescence would be a novel theranostic modality, combating superficially accessible carcinoma. Material and methods: After synthesizing and characterization of ZnS NPs, we verified their photocatalysis and electron donation upon UV excitation in degrading organic dye and DNA cleavage, respectively. We then tested the efficacy of UV-activated ZnS NPs to induce ROS-dependent apoptosis in squamous cell carcinoma and breast cancer cell lines. Results: The energetic electron–hole pairs generated upon UV excitation of ZnS NPs with the consequent cascade of ROS release revealed potent apoptotic cancer cell deaths, compared with single treatment modalities of nonexcited nanoparticles and UV. Moreover, the inherited luminescence of ZnS NPs enabled visualization of their predominant intracytoplasmic uptake with tracking of their cellular response. Conclusion: The intensified luminescence and the fortified cytotoxicity of photoactivated ZnS NPs enhance their theranostic qualifications, boosting their antitumorigenic use. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Dioscorea nipponica Makino: A comprehensive review of its chemical composition and pharmacology on chronic kidney disease; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a widespread ailment that significantly impacts global health. It is characterized by high prevalence, poor prognosis, and substantial healthcare costs, making it a major public health concern. The current clinical treatments for CKD are not entirely satisfactory, leading to a high demand for alternative therapeutic options. Chinese herbal medicine, with its long history, diverse varieties, and proven efficacy, offers a promising avenue for exploration. One such Chinese herbal medicine, Dioscorea nipponica Makino (DNM), is frequently used to treat kidney diseases. In this review, we have compiled studies examining the mechanisms of action of DNM in the context of CKD, focusing on five primary areas: improvement of oxidative stress, inhibition of renal fibrosis, regulation of metabolism, reduction of inflammatory response, and regulation of autophagy. © 2023 The Authors
Validation of the Rapid Prime Diet Quality Score Screener (rPDQS), A Brief Dietary Assessment Tool With Simple Traffic Light Scoring; Background: Dietary pattern is a determinant of chronic disease, but nonregistered dietitian nutritionist (non-RDN) clinicians rarely assess diet because of barriers such as time constraints and lack of valid, brief diet quality assessment tools. Objective: The study aimed to evaluate the relative validity of a brief diet quality screener using both a numeric scoring system and a simple traffic light scoring system. Design: A cross-sectional study was conducted using the CloudResearch online platform to compare participants’ responses to the 13-item rapid Prime Diet Quality Score screener (rPDQS) and the Automated Self-Administered 24-hour (ASA24) Dietary Assessment Tool. Participants/setting: The study was conducted in July and August 2021 and included 482 adults ≥18 years of age or older sampled to be representative of the US population. Main Outcome Measures: All participants completed the rPDQS and an ASA24; of these, 190 completed a second ASA24 and rPDQS. Responses to rPDQS items were coded using both traffic light (eg, green = healthiest intake, red = least healthy intake) and numeric (eg, consume < 1 time a week, consume ≥ 2 times per day) scoring methods and were compared with food group equivalents and Healthy Eating Index-2015 (HEI-2015) scores estimated from ASA24s. Statistical analyses: Deattenuated Pearson correlation coefficients were calculated to account for within-person variation in 24-hour diet recalls. Results: Overall, 49% of participants were female, 62% were ≥35 years, and 66% were non-Hispanic White, 13% non-Hispanic Black, 16% Hispanic/Latino, and 5% Asian. For both food groups to encourage (eg, vegetables, whole grains) and to consume in moderation (eg, processed meats, sweets), there were statistically significant associations with intakes assessed by rPDQS, using both traffic light and numeric scoring methods. Total rPDQS scores correlated with the HEI-2015, r = 0.75 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.65, 0.82). Conclusions: The rPDQS is a valid, brief diet quality screener that identifies clinically relevant patterns of food intake. Future research is needed to test whether the simple traffic light scoring system is an effective tool that can help non-RDN clinicians provide brief dietary counseling or make referrals to registered dietitian nutritionists, as needed. © 2023 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics
Characteristics of Transcriptome and Metabolome Concerning Intramuscular Fat Content in Beijing Black Pigs; To study the characteristics of genes and metabolites related to intramuscular fat (IMF) content with less influence by breed background and individual differences, the skeletal muscle samples from 40 Beijing black pigs with either high or low IMF content were used to perform transcriptome and metabolome analyses. About 99 genes (twofold-change) were differentially expressed. Up-regulated genes in the high IMF pigs were mainly related to fat metabolism. The key genes in charge of IMF deposition are ADIPOQ, CIDEC, CYP4B1, DGAT2, LEP, OPRL1, PLIN1, SCD, and THRSP. KLHL40, TRAFD1, and HSPA6 were novel candidate genes for the IMF trait due to their high abundances. In the low IMF pigs, the differentially expressed genes involved in virus resistance were up-regulated. About 16 and 18 differential metabolites (1.5 fold-change) were obtained in the positive and negative modes, respectively. Pigs with low IMF had weaker fatty acid oxidation due to the down-regulation of various carnitines. Differentially expressed genes were more important in determining IMF deposition than differential metabolites because relatively few differential metabolites were obtained, and they were merely the products under the physiological status of diverged IMF content. This study provided valuable information for further studies on IMF deposition. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Associations of MTHFR Polymorphisms and Cytosine Modifications with Early-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Pregnant Women; Early-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (Early-GDM) is a complex condition that may cause complications in infants of affected mothers. The aim of this case–control study was to analyze the effects of genetic-epigenetic interaction on Early-GDM and fetal development with respect to cytosine modifications (i.e., 5mC, 5-methylcytosines; and 5hmC, 5-hydroxymethylcytosines) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of MTHFR, a key gene involving cytosine modifications. Peripheral blood samples were collected from 92 women in their first or second trimester of pregnancy (Early-GDM, n = 14; Controls, n = 78). Global DNA 5mC and 5hmC were quantified by HPLC-MS/MS, and MTHFR SNPs (rs1801133 C > T and rs1801131 A > C) were determined by TaqMan-qPCR. Association analysis suggested that MTHFR rs1801133 TT genotype was a risk factor of Early-GDM (OR [odds ratio] = 4.00; 95% CI [confidence interval]: 1.24, 12.86; p = 0.02). The C allele of rs1801131 appeared to be a protective factor for the 2-h OGTT (oral glucose tolerance test) (OR = -0.79; 95% CI: -1.48, -0.10; p = 0.03). Patients with Early-GDM had higher global 5mC and lower global 5hmC. The reduction of global 5hmC and the TT genotype of rs1801133 were associated with higher level of the 1st-FBG (fasting blood glucose in the first trimester) (p < 0.05). Additionally, global 5mC showed a positive correlation with birth weight, body length and head circumference of newborns, while global 5hmC showed a negative correlation with birth weight. The current study implicated MTHFR SNPs and cytosine modifications in the development of Early-GDM and potential complications in their newborns. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Society for Reproductive Investigation.
Inflammation and Oxidative Stress Induced by Obesity, Gestational Diabetes, and Preeclampsia in Pregnancy: Role of High-Density Lipoproteins as Vectors for Bioactive Compounds; Inflammation and oxidative stress are essential components in a myriad of pathogenic entities that lead to metabolic and chronic diseases. Moreover, inflammation in its different phases is necessary for the initiation and maintenance of a healthy pregnancy. Therefore, an equilibrium between a necessary/pathologic level of inflammation and oxidative stress during pregnancy is needed to avoid disease development. High-density lipoproteins (HDL) are important for a healthy pregnancy and a good neonatal outcome. Their role in fetal development during challenging situations is vital for maintaining the equilibrium. However, in certain conditions, such as obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular diseases, it has been observed that HDL loses its protective properties, becoming dysfunctional. Bioactive compounds have been widely studied as mediators of inflammation and oxidative stress in different diseases, but their mechanisms of action are still unknown. Nonetheless, these agents, which are obtained from functional foods, increase the concentration of HDL, TRC, and antioxidant activity. Therefore, this review first summarizes several mechanisms of HDL participation in the equilibrium between inflammation and oxidative stress. Second, it gives an insight into how HDL may act as a vector for bioactive compounds. Third, it describes the relationships between the inflammation process in pregnancy and HDL activity. Consequently, different databases were used, including MEDLINE, PubMed, and Scopus, where scientific articles published in the English language up to 2023 were identified. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of probiotics in patients with morbid obesity undergoing bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Probiotics are commonly used after bariatric surgery. However, uncertainty remains regarding their effects. The purpose of this systematic review was to assess the effect of probiotics in patients with morbid obesity undergoing bariatric surgery. Methods: PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, Science Direct, and Web of Science were searched from inception to April 4, 2023. No language restrictions were applied. Relevant randomized controlled trials and controlled clinical trials were included. We used the aggregated data extracted from the trials and assessed the heterogeneity. When severe heterogeneity was detected, a random effect model was used. All stages of the review were done by independent authors. Results: We screened 2024 references and included 11 randomized controlled trials and controlled clinical trials. Compared with the protocol groups, probiotics showed significant effects on regulating aspartate amino transferase level (MD = −4.32 U/L; 95% CI [−7.10, −1.53], p = 0.002), triglycerides (MD = −20.16 mg/dL; 95% CI [−34.51, −5.82], p = 0.006), weight (MD = −1.99 kg; 95% CI [−3.97, −0.01], p = 0.05), vitamin B12 (MD = 2.24 pg/dL; 95% CI [−0.02, 4.51], p = 0.05), dietary energy (MD = −151.03 kcal; 95% CI [−215.68, −86.37], p < 0.00001), dietary protein (MD = −4.48 g/day, 95% CI [−8.76, −0.20], p = 0.04), dietary carbohydrate (MD = −34.25 g/day, 95% CI [−44.87, −23.62], p < 0.00001), and dietary fiber (MD = −2.17 g/day, 95% CI [−3.21, −1.14], p < 0.0001). There were no severe side effects related to probiotics. Conclusions: Our meta-analysis suggested that probiotics may delay the progression of liver function injury, improve lipid metabolism, reduce weight, and reduce food intake, although the effects on other indicators were insignificant. Probiotics may be helpful for patients undergoing bariatric surgery. The review was registered on PROSPERO (International prospective register of systematic reviews): CRD42023407970. No primary source of funding. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effects of maternal high-fat diet on fetal growth, placental nutrient transporters and circular RNA expression profiles; Epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that there is a strong correlation between maternal high-fat diet and fetal-placental development. The current study aims to investigate the effects of maternal high-fat diet on fetal growth, placental nutrient transporters and circular RNA expression profiles in a mouse model. Forty C57BL/6 female mice were randomly assigned to two groups, fed either a control (10% fat for energy) diet (CON) or a high-fat (60% fat for energy) diet (HFD) for 4 weeks before mating and throughout pregnancy, and were killed on day 19.5 of pregnancy. The serum glucose, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein, the glucolipid metabolism-related hormones, and the insulin resistance index were significantly increased. High-throughput sequencing showed that differentially expressed circRNAs (DE circRNAs) in the placenta can regulate various biological processes, cellular components, and molecular functions through various energy metabolism pathways, and mmu-let-7g-5p was found to target and bind to multiple DE circRNAs. In addition, this study also predicted that various circRNAs with protein coding functions can regulate maternal placental nutrient transport. In general, the ceRNA (circRNAs-miRNAs-mRNAs) regulatory network of maternal placental nutrient transport constructed in this study is of great significance for further understanding the effect of maternal nutrition on fetal growth in the future. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Glucose-lowering effects of a synbiotic combination containing Pediococcus acidilactici in C. elegans and mice; Aims/hypothesis: Modulation of gut microbiota has emerged as a promising strategy to treat or prevent the development of different metabolic diseases, including type 2 diabetes and obesity. Previous data from our group suggest that the strain Pediococcus acidilactici CECT9879 (pA1c) could be an effective probiotic for regulating glucose metabolism. Hence, the objectives of this study were to verify the effectiveness of pA1c on glycaemic regulation in diet-induced obese mice and to evaluate whether the combination of pA1c with other normoglycaemic ingredients, such as chromium picolinate (PC) and oat β-glucans (BGC), could increase the efficacy of this probiotic on the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. Methods: Caenorhabditis elegans was used as a screening model to describe the potential synbiotic activities, together with the underlying mechanisms of action. In addition, 4-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were fed with a high-fat/high-sucrose diet (HFS) for 6 weeks to induce hyperglycaemia and obesity. Mice were then divided into eight groups (n=12 mice/group) according to dietary supplementation: control-diet group; HFS group; pA1c group (1010 colony-forming units/day); PC; BGC; pA1c+PC+BGC; pA1c+PC; and pA1c+BGC. Supplementations were maintained for 10 weeks. Fasting blood glucose was determined and an IPGTT was performed prior to euthanasia. Fat depots, liver and other organs were weighed, and serum biochemical variables were analysed. Gene expression analyses were conducted by real-time quantitative PCR. Sequencing of the V3–V4 region of the 16S rRNA gene from faecal samples of each group was performed, and differential abundance for family, genera and species was analysed by ALDEx2R package. Results: Supplementation with the synbiotic (pA1c+PC+BGC) counteracted the effect of the high glucose by modulating the insulin–IGF-1 signalling pathway in C. elegans, through the reversal of the glucose nuclear localisation of daf-16. In diet-induced obese mice, all groups supplemented with the probiotic significantly ameliorated glucose tolerance after an IPGTT, demonstrating the glycaemia-regulating effect of pA1c. Further, mice supplemented with pA1c+PC+BGC exhibited lower fasting blood glucose, a reduced proportion of visceral adiposity and a higher proportion of muscle tissue, together with an improvement in the brown adipose tissue in comparison with the HFS group. Besides, the effect of the HFS diet on steatosis and liver damage was normalised by the synbiotic. Gene expression analyses demonstrated that the synbiotic activity was mediated not only by modulation of the insulin–IGF-1 signalling pathway, through the overexpression of GLUT-1 and GLUT-4 mediators, but also by a decreased expression of proinflammatory cytokines such as monocyte chemotactic protein-1. 16S metagenomics demonstrated that the synbiotic combinations allowed an increase in the concentration of P. acidilactici, together with improvements in the intestinal microbiota such as a reduction in Prevotella and an increase in Akkermansia muciniphila. Conclusions/interpretation: Our data suggest that the combination of pA1c with PC and BGC could be a potential synbiotic for blood glucose regulation and may help to fight insulin resistance, diabetes and obesity. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2023, The Author(s).
Pharmacological potentials of lycopene against aging and aging-related disorders: A review; Aging and aging-related chronic disorders are one of the principal causes of death worldwide. The prevalence of these disorders is increasing gradually and globally. Considering this unwavering acceleration of the global burden, seeking alternatives to traditional medication to prevent the risk of aging disorders is needed. Among them, lycopene, a carotenoid, is abundant in many fruits and vegetables, including tomatoes, grapefruits, and watermelons, and it has a unique chemical structure to be a potent antioxidant compound. This nutraceutical also possesses several anti-aging actions, including combating aging biomarkers and ameliorating several chronic disorders. However, no systematic evaluation has yet been carried out that can comprehensively elucidate the effectiveness of lycopene in halting the course of aging and the emergence of chronic diseases linked to aging. This review, therefore, incorporates previous pre-clinical, clinical, and epidemiological studies on lycopene to understand its potency in treating aging disorders and its role as a mimic of caloric restriction. Lycopene-rich foods are found to prevent or attenuate aging disorders in various research. Based on the evidence, this review suggests the clinical application of lycopene to improve human health and alleviate the prevalence of aging and aging disorders. © 2023 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
A Metabolite Perspective on the Involvement of the Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a commonly diagnosed condition that has been extensively studied. The composition and activity of gut microbes, as well as the metabolites they produce (such as short-chain fatty acids, lipopolysaccharides, trimethylamine N-oxide, and bile acids) can significantly impact diabetes development. Treatment options, including medication, can enhance the gut microbiome and its metabolites, and even reverse intestinal epithelial dysfunction. Both animal and human studies have demonstrated the role of microbiota metabolites in influencing diabetes, as well as their complex chemical interactions with signaling molecules. This article focuses on the importance of microbiota metabolites in type 2 diabetes and provides an overview of various pharmacological and dietary components that can serve as therapeutic tools for reducing the risk of developing diabetes. A deeper understanding of the link between gut microbial metabolites and T2D will enhance our knowledge of the disease and may offer new treatment approaches. Although many animal studies have investigated the palliative and attenuating effects of gut microbial metabolites on T2D, few have established a complete cure. Therefore, conducting more systematic studies in the future is necessary. © 2023 by the authors.
Clinical relevance of circulating non-coding RNAs in metabolic diseases: Emphasis on obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and metabolic syndrome; Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) participate in the regulation of several cellular processes including transcription, RNA processing and genome rearrangement. The aberrant expression of ncRNAs is associated with several pathological conditions. In this review, we focused on recent information to elucidate the role of various regulatory ncRNAs i.e., micro RNAs (miRNAs), circular RNAs (circRNAs) and long-chain non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), in metabolic diseases, e.g., obesity, diabetes mellitus (DM), cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). The mechanisms by which ncRNAs participated in disease pathophysiology were also highlighted. miRNAs regulate the expression of genes at transcriptional and translational levels. circRNAs modulate the regulation of gene expression via miRNA sponging activity, interacting with RNA binding protein and polymerase II transcription regulation. lncRNAs regulate the expression of genes by acting as a protein decoy, miRNA sponging, miRNA host gene, binding to miRNA response elements (MRE) and the recruitment of transcriptional element or chromatin modifiers. We examined the role of ncRNAs in the disease pathogenesis and their potential role as molecular markers for diagnosis, prognosis and therapeutic targets. We showed the involvement of ncRNAs in the onset of obesity and its progression to MetS and CVD. miRNA-192, miRNA-122, and miRNA-221 were dysregulated in all these metabolic diseases. Other ncRNAs, implicated in at least three diseases include miRNA-15a, miRNA-26, miRNA-27a, miRNA-320, and miRNA-375. Dysregulation of ncRNAs increased the risk of development of DM and MetS and its progression to CVD in obese individuals. Hence, these molecules are potential targets to arrest or delay the progression of metabolic diseases. © 2022 Chongqing Medical University
Adverse cardiovascular effects of long-term exposure to diethyl phthalate in the rat aorta; Phthalates are classified as priority environmental pollutants, since they are ubiquitous in the environment, have endocrine disrupting properties and can contribute to impaired health. Used primarily in personal care products and excipients for pharmaceuticals, diethyl phthalate (DEP) is a short-chain alkyl phthalate that has been linked to decreased blood pressure, glucose tolerance, and increased gestational weight gain in humans, while in animals it has been associated with atherosclerosis and metabolic syndrome. Although all these findings are related to risk factors or cardiovascular diseases, DEP's vascular impacts still need to be clarified. Thus, performing ex vivo and in vitro experiments, we aimed to understand the vascular DEP effects in rat. To evaluate the vascular contractility of rat aorta exposed to different doses of DEP (0.001–1000 μM), an organs bath was used; and resorting to a cell line of the rat aorta vascular smooth muscle, electrophysiology experiments were performed to analyse the effects of a rapid (within minutes with no genomic effects) and a long-term (24 h with genomic effects) exposure of DEP on the L-type Ca2+ current (ICa,L), and the expression of several genes related with the vascular function. For the first time, vascular electrophysiological properties of an EDC were analysed after a long-term genomic exposure. The results show a hormetic response of DEP, inducing a Ca2+ current inhibition of the rat aorta, which may be responsible for impaired cardiovascular electrical health. Thus, these findings contribute to a greater scientific knowledge about DEP's effects in the cardiovascular system, specifically its implications in the development of electrical disturbances like arrhythmias and its possible mechanisms. © 2023 The Authors
The role of SPARC (secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine) in the pathogenesis of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC) is an extracellular matrix glycoprotein with pleiotropic functions, which is expressed in adipose, hepatic, muscular, and pancreatic tissue. Particularly, several studies demonstrated that SPARC is an important player in the context of obesity, diabetes, and fatty liver disease including advanced hepatic fibrosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Evidence in murine and human samples indicates that SPARC is involved in adipogenesis, cellular metabolism, extracellular matrix modulation, glucose and lipid metabolism, among others. Furthermore, studies in SPARC knockout mouse model showed that SPARC contributes to adipose tissue formation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and diabetes. Hence, SPARC may represent a novel and interesting target protein for future therapeutic interventions or a biomarker of disease progression. This review summarizes the role of SPARC in the pathophysiology of obesity, and extensively revised SPARC functions in physiological and pathological adipose tissue deposition, muscle metabolism, liver, and diabetes-related pathways. © 2022, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to University of Navarra.
Prevalence and risk factors for secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) in patients undergoing bariatric surgery; Introduction: Secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) after bariatric surgery has significant adverse implications for bone metabolism, increasing the risk for osteoporosis and fracture. Our aim was to characterize prevalence and identify risk factors for SHPT in bariatric surgery patients. Methods: We performed a single-institution, retrospective chart review of patients who underwent bariatric surgery from June 2017 through December 2021. Demographic and clinical data were collected, including serum parathyroid hormone, calcium, and vitamin D3 at enrollment and 3, 6, and 12-months postoperatively. Chi-square or Fisher’s exact tests were used to analyze categorical data and Mann–Whitney U test for continuous data. Multivariable analysis using binomial logistic regression assessed risk factors for SHPT. P-values ≤ 0.05 were considered significant. Results: 350 patients were analyzed. SHPT prevalence at any time point was 72.9%. 65.8% had SHPT at enrollment; 45.9% resolved with intensive vitamin supplementation; and 19.7% had recurrent SHPT. New-onset SHPT occurred in 8.6%. Persistent SHPT was present in 42.4% at 1-year. Baseline SHPT correlated with black race and T2DM. SHPT at any time point correlated with T2DM and higher baseline BMI. 1-year SHPT correlated with RYGB, depression, and longer time in program. SHPT was not correlated with %TBWL at any time point. In patients with SHPT, vitamin D3 deficiency prevalence was significantly higher at baseline (77.0%) compared to all post-bariatric time points (16.7%, 17.3%, and 23.1%; P < 0.0001). Conclusions: SHPT is highly prevalent in patients with obesity seeking weight loss surgery. 42% had persistent SHPT at 1-year despite appropriate vitamin supplementation. Current vitamin D3 and calcium supplementation protocols may not effectively prevent SHPT in many post-bariatric patients. Low prevalence of concomitant vitamin D3 deficiency with SHPT after bariatric surgery suggests that there may be alternative mechanisms in this population. Further studies are needed to develop effective treatment strategies to mitigate the adverse effects of bariatric surgery on bone metabolism. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Microbial modifications with Lycium barbarum L. oligosaccharides decrease hepatic fibrosis and mitochondrial abnormalities in mice; Background: Lycium barbarum L. is a typical Chinese herbal and edible plant and are now consumed globally. Low molecular weight L. barbarum L. oligosaccharides (LBO) exhibit better antioxidant activity and gastrointestinal digestibility in vitro than high molecular weight polysaccharides. However, the LBO on the treatment of liver disease is not studied. Purpose: Modification of the gut microbial ecosystem by LBO is a promising treatment for liver fibrosis. Study design and methods: Herein, LBO were prepared and characterized. CCl4-treated mice were orally gavaged with LBO and the effects on hepatic fibrosis and mitochondrial abnormalities were evaluated according to relevant indicators (gut microbiota, faecal metabolites, and physiological and biochemical indices). Results: The results revealed that LBO, a potential prebiotic source, is a pyranose cyclic oligosaccharide possessing α-glycosidic and β-glycosidic bonds. Moreover, LBO supplementation restored the configuration of the bacterial community, enhanced the proliferation of beneficial species in the gastrointestinal tract (e.g., Bacillus, Tyzzerella, Fournierella and Coriobacteriaceae UCG-002), improved microbial metabolic alterations (i.e., carbohydrate metabolism, vitamin metabolism and entero-hepatic circulation), and increased antioxidants, including doxepin, in mice. Finally, LBO administration reduced serum inflammatory cytokine and hepatic hydroxyproline levels, improved intestinal and hepatic mitochondrial functions, and ameliorated mouse liver fibrosis. Conclusion: These findings indicate that LBO can be utilized as a prebiotic and has a remarkable ability to mitigate liver fibrosis. © 2023
Differences in the Composition of Akkermansia Species and Families of Christensenellaceae and Ruminococcaceae Bacteria in the Gut Microbiota of Healthy Polish Women following a Typical Western Diet; The gastrointestinal microbiota consists of trillions of microorganisms that live symbiotically in the human body. The main factor influencing the formation of the gastrointestinal microbiota is lifestyle, particularly the diet of people from different geographic regions. As described in several reports, the gut microbiota composition of healthy adults can be stable for years. However, the relative abundance of each microbe fluctuates over time, and it varies between individuals and within individuals over the course of their lives depending on many factors such as diet and gender. The study aimed to define the basic profile of the oral and gut microbiota in healthy people of Polish ethnicity under the Western diet, showing the stability under one type of diet and dependence on gender. The study group included 144 healthy adults. The research materials were swabs and stool samples. The KomPAN questionnaire was used to examine eating habits. Bacterial 16S rRNA genes were sequenced using the next-generation sequencing (NGS) technology. The respondents followed a typical Western diet. There were no statistically significant differences in alpha species diversity in the oral and gut microbiota between the female and male groups. Statistically significant differences were found in the beta diversity between gut microbiota composition in women and men (p < 0.048). The oral microbiota was dominated by Firmicutes and Proteobacteria, and Firmicutes dominated the gut microbiota. According to the received results, it was found that in healthy adults of Polish origin, there is a basic profile of the oral and gut microbiota ensuring good health condition. © 2023 by the authors.
Alpha-lipoic acid, apocynin or probiotics influence glutathione status and selected inflammatory parameters in C57/BL6 mice when combined with a low-fat diet; Background: The aim of the study was to determine the potential of a low-fat diet (LFD) to protect against oxidative and inflammatory damage in the course of asthma and obesity when combined with antioxidants (alpha-lipoic acid–ALA, apocynin–APO) or a probiotic (P) (Lactobacillus casei). Methods: The experiments were carried out on ten groups of male C57/BL6 mice that were fed standard fat (SFD), low-fat (LFD), or high-fat (HFD) diets. Ovalbumin (OVA, administered subcutaneously and by inhalation) was used to sensitize the animals. IL-1α, IL-10, eotaxin-1, leptin, and TNF-α concentrations were examined in blood, while total glutathione (GSHt), reduced glutathione (GSH), oxidized glutathione (GSSG) and –SH groups were measured in lung homogenates. Results: LFD in combination with the analyzed compounds (APO, P, ALA) significantly decreased the concentration of IL-1α compared to the OVA + HFD group (p < 0.01; p = 0.025; p = 0.002, respectively). Similarly, the treated mice demonstrated lower eotaxin-1 concentrations compared to the HFD group (p < 0.001). Moreover, supplementation of LFD with probiotics significantly increased the concentration of IL-10 vs. controls (p < 0.001) and vs. untreated OVA-sensitized and challenged/obese mice (p < 0.001). Animals administered APO/ALA with LFD displayed a significant decrease in TNF-α concentration compared to OVA + HFD mice (p = 0.013; p = 0.002 respectively). Those treated with ALA displayed significantly improved GSH levels (p = 0.035) compared to OVA + HFD mice. Conclusions: Supplementation of the tested compounds with LFD appears to have a positive influence on the glutathione redox status of pulmonary tissues and selected inflammatory parameters in mouse blood. © 2023, The Author(s).
Transcriptomics integrated with metabolomics reveals perfluorobutane sulfonate (PFBS) exposure effect during pregnancy and lactation on lipid metabolism in rat offspring; Emerging epidemiological evidence indicates potential associations between gestational perfluorobutane sulfonate (PFBS) exposure and adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Our study aimed to investigate PFBS exposure effects during pregnancy and lactation on rat offspring lipid profiles and the possible underlying mechanisms. Although the biochemical index difference including total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), alanine amino transaminase (ALT), aspartate amino transferase (AST), and fasting blood glucose between exposed groups and the control group was not significant, transcriptome analyses showed that the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in the 50 mg/kg/day PFBS exposure group were significantly related to protein digestion and absorption, peroxisome proliferator activated-receptor (PPAR) signaling pathway, xenobiotic metabolism by cytochrome P450, glycine, serine and threonine metabolism, β-alanine metabolism, bile secretion, unsaturated fatty acid (FA) biosynthesis, and alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism. Untargeted metabolomics analyses identified 17 differential metabolites in the 50 mg/kg/day PFBS exposure group. Among these, phosphatidylserine [PS (18:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z))], lysoPE (18:1(11Z)/0:0), and PS (14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)) were significantly correlated with phospholipid metabolism disorders. Correlation analysis indicated the DEGs, including FA binding protein (Fabp4), spermine oxidase (Smox), Fabp2, acyl-CoA thioesterase 5 (Acot5), sarcosine dehydrogenase (Sardh), and amine oxidase, copper-containing 3 (Aoc3) that significantly enriched in xenobiotic metabolism by cytochrome P450 and glycine, serine, and threonine metabolism signaling pathways were highly related to the differential metabolite pantetheine 4’−phosphate. Pantetheine 4′-phosphate was significantly negatively associated with non-high-density lipoprotein (non-HDL) and TC levels. Collectively, our study indicated that maternal PFBS exposure at a relatively low level could alter gene expression and metabolic molecules in lipid metabolism-related pathway series in rat offspring, although the effects on metabolic phenotypes were not significant within the limited observational period, using group-wise and trend analyses. © 2023
Biomarkers of Postpartum Depression: A Narrative Review; Postpartum depression (PPD) is a disorder that impairs the formation of the relationship between mother and child, and reduces the quality of life for affected women to a functionally significant degree. Studying markers associated with PPD can help in early detection, prevention, or monitoring treatment. The purpose of this paper is to review biomarkers linked to PPD and to present selected theories on the pathogenesis of the disease based on data from biomarker studies. The complex etiology of the disorder reduces the specificity and sensitivity of markers, but they remain a valuable source of information to help clinicians. The biggest challenge of the future will be to translate high-tech methods for detecting markers associated with postpartum depression into more readily available and less costly ones. Population-based studies are needed to test the utility of potential PPD markers. © 2023 by the authors.
Asprosin, a novel glucogenic adipokine implicated in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Asprosin, encoded by penultimate two exons (exon 65 and exon 66) of the gene Fibrillin 1 (FBN1), has been recently discovered to be a novel hormone secreted by white adipose tissues during fasting. The glucose metabolism disorders are often accompanied by increased asprosin level. Previous research suggests that asprosin may contribute to the development of diabetes by regulating glucose homeostasis, appetite, insulin secretion, and insulin sensitivity. In this review, we summarize the recent findings from studies on asprosin and its association with Type 2 diabetes mellitus, and discusses its mechanisms from various aspects, so as to provide clinical diagnosis and treatment ideas for T2DM. © 2023
Probiotic for Pancreatic β-Cell Function in Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Introduction: Many clinical studies have proved the effectiveness of probiotics in metabolic disorders associated with insulin resistance. However, the impact of probiotic therapy on pancreatic β-cell function is ambiguous. The influence of probiotic supplementation vs. placebo on β-cell function in people with type 2 diabetes (T2D) was assessed in a double-blind, single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled trial (RCT). Methods: Sixty-eight patients with T2D were selected for participation in the RCT. Patients were randomly allocated to consumption of live multistrain probiotics or a placebo for 8 weeks, administered as a sachet formulation in double-blind treatment. The primary main outcome was the assessment of β-cell function as change in C-peptide and HOMA-β (homeostasis model assessment-estimated β-cell function), which was calculated using the HOMA2 calculator (Diabetes Trials Unit, University of Oxford). Secondary outcomes were the changes in glycemic control-related parameters, anthropomorphic variables, and cytokines levels. Analysis of covariance was used to assess the difference between groups. Results: Supplementation with live multiprobiotic was associated with slight significant improvement of β-cell function (HOMA-β increased from 32.48 ± 13.12 to 45.71 ± 25.18; p = 0.003) and reduction of fasting glucose level (13.03 ± 3.46 vs 10.66 ± 2.63 mmol/L and 234.63 ± 62.36 vs 192.07 ± 47.46 mg/dL; p < 0.001) and HbA1c (8.86 ± 1.28 vs 8.48 ± 1.22; p = 0.043) as compared to placebo. Probiotic therapy significantly affects chronic systemic inflammation in people with T2D by reducing pro-inflammatory cytokine levels. Conclusions: Probiotic therapies modestly improved β-cell function in patients with T2D. Modulating the gut microbiota represents a new diabetes treatment and should be tested in more extensive studies. Trial Registration: NCT05765292. © 2023, The Author(s).
Research progress of NLRP3 inflammasome and its inhibitors with aging diseases; In recent years, a new target closely linked to a variety of diseases has appeared in the researchers' vision, which is the NLRP3 inflammasome. With the deepening of the study of NLRP3 inflammasome, it was found that it plays an extremely important role in a variety of physiological pathological processes, and NLRP3 inflammasome was also found to be associated with some age-related diseases. It is associated with the development of insulin resistance, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's, cardiovascular aging, hearing and vision loss. At present, the only clinical approach to the treatment of NLRP3 inflammasome-related diseases is to use anti-IL-1β antibodies, but NLRP3-specific inhibitors may be better than the IL-1β antibodies. This article reviews the relationship between NLRP3 inflammasome and aging diseases: summarizes some of the relevant experimental results reported in recent years, and introduces the biological signals or pathways closely related to the NLRP3 inflammasome in a variety of aging diseases, and also introduces some promising small molecule inhibitors of NLRP3 inflammasome for clinical treatment, such as: ZYIL1, DFV890 and OLT1177, they have excellent pharmacological effects and good pharmacokinetics. © 2023
Long-chain n-3 PUFA given before and throughout gestation and lactation in rats prevent high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in male offspring in a tissue-specific manner; This study investigated whether long-chain n-3 PUFA (LC n-3 PUFA) given to pregnant rats fed a high-fat (HF) diet may prevent fetal programming in male offspring at adulthood. Six weeks before mating, and throughout gestation and lactation, female nulliparous Sprague-Dawley rats were given a chow (C) diet, HF (60·6 % fat from maize, rapeseed oils and lard) or HF in which one-third of fat was replaced by fish oil (HF n-3). At weaning, the three offspring groups were randomly separated in two groups fed C diet, or HF without LC n-3 PUFA, for 7 weeks until adulthood. Glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity were assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test both at weaning and at adulthood. Insulin signalling was determined in liver, muscle and adipose tissue by quantification of the phosphorylation of Akt on Ser 473 at adulthood. At weaning, as at adulthood, offspring from HF-fed dams were obese and displayed glucose intolerance (GI) and insulin resistance (IR), but not those from HFn-3 fed dams. Following the post-weaning C diet, phosphorylation of Akt was strongly reduced in all tissues of offspring from HF dams, but to a lesser extent in liver and muscle of offspring from HFn-3 dams. However, it was abolished in all tissues of all offspring groups fed the HF post-weaning diet. Thus, LC n-3 PUFA introduced in a HF in dams partially prevented the transmission of GI and IR in adult offspring even though they were fed without LC n-3 PUFA from weaning. © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
Cord Blood FGF-21 and GDF-15 Levels Are Affected by Maternal Exposure to Moderate to Severe Anemia and Malaria; Context: Anemia and malaria are global health problems affecting >50% of pregnant women in sub-Saharan Africa and are associated with intrauterine growth restriction. The hormones fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) are involved in metabolic regulation and are expressed in the placenta. No studies exist on FGF-21 and GDF-15 responses to exposures of malaria and anemia in pregnancy. Objective and Methods: Using a prospective, longitudinal pregnancy and birth cohort of women with an average age of 26 years from a rural region in northeastern Tanzania, we examined if FGF-21 and GDF-15 levels in maternal blood at week 33 ± 2 (n = 301) and in cord blood at birth (n = 353), were associated with anemia and malaria exposure at different time points in pregnancy and with neonatal anthropometry. Results: Among mothers at gestation week 33 ± 2, lower FGF-21 levels were observed after exposure to malaria in the first trimester, but not anemia, whereas GDF-15 levels at week 33 ± 2 were not associated with malaria nor anemia. In cord blood, moderate to severe anemia at any time point in pregnancy was associated with higher levels of FGF-21, whereas malaria exposure in the third trimester was associated with lower FGF-21 levels in cord blood. Negative associations were observed between cord blood FGF-21 and GDF-15 levels and neonatal skinfold thicknesses and birthweight. Conclusion: Our results suggest that moderate to severe anemia throughout pregnancy associates with higher FGF-21 levels, and malaria in last trimester associates with lower FGF-21 levels, in the neonates, thereby potentially affecting the future cardiometabolic health of the child. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Molecular Processes Involved in the Shared Pathways between Cardiovascular Diseases and Diabetes; Cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus are currently among the diseases with the highest morbidity and mortality. The pathogenesis and development of these diseases remain strongly connected, along with inflammation playing a major role. Therefore, the treatment possibilities showing a positive impact on both of these diseases could be especially beneficial for patients. SGLT-2 inhibitors and GLP-1 receptor agonists present this dual effect. Moreover, the hostile composition of the gut microbiota could influence the progression of these conditions. In this review, the authors present the latest knowledge on and innovations in diabetes mellitus and CVD—with the focus on the molecular mechanisms and the role of the microbiota. © 2023 by the authors.
Dityrosine Aggravates Hepatic Insulin Resistance in Obese Mice by Altering Gut Microbiota and the LPS/TLR4/NF-κB Inflammatory Pathway; Scope: Dityrosine is the main product of protein oxidation, which has been proved to be a threat to human health. This study aims to investigate whether dityrosine exacerbates insulin resistance by inducing gut flora disturbance and associated inflammatory responses. Methods and results: Mice fed with normal diet or high-fat diet (HFD) received daily gavage of dityrosine (320 µg kg−1 BW) or saline for consecutive 13 weeks. The effects of dityrosine on gut microbiota are verified by in vitro fermentation using fecal microbiota from db/m mice and db/db mice. As a result, dityrosine causes the insulin resistance in mice fed normal diet, and aggravates the effects of HFD on insulin sensitivity. Dityrosine increases the levels of lipopolysaccharide (LPS), lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interleukin-8 (IL-8) but decreases levels of interleukin-10 (IL-10) in the plasma of CON and HFD-fed mice. The changes of gut flora composition caused by dityrosine are significantly correlated with the changes of inflammatory biomarkers. Conclusion: The effects of dityrosine on insulin resistance may be attributed to the reshaping of the gut microbiota composition and promoting the activity of the LPS/TLR4/NF-κB inflammatory pathway in HFD-induced obese individuals. © 2023 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
The Role of Vitamin D and Its Molecular Bases in Insulin Resistance, Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, and Cardiovascular Disease: State of the Art; In the last decade, an increasing awareness was directed to the role of Vitamin D in non-skeletal and preventive roles for chronic diseases. Vitamin D is an essential hormone in regulating calcium/phosphorous balance and in the pathogenesis of inflammation, insulin resistance, and obesity. The main forms of vitamin D, Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3) and Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) are converted into the active form (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D) thanks to two hydroxylations in the liver, kidney, pancreas, and immune cells. Some anti-inflammatory cytokines are produced at higher levels by vitamin D, while some pro-inflammatory cytokines are released at lower levels. Toll-Like Receptor (TLR) expression is increased, and a pro-inflammatory state is also linked to low levels of vitamin D. Regardless of how it affects inflammation, various pathways suggest that vitamin D directly improves insulin sensitivity and secretion. The level of vitamin D in the body may change the ratio of pro- to anti-inflammatory cytokines, which would impact insulin action, lipid metabolism, and the development and function of adipose tissue. Many studies have demonstrated an inverse relationship between vitamin D concentrations and pro-inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. It is interesting to note that several long-term studies also revealed an inverse correlation between vitamin D levels and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Vitamin D supplementation in people has controversial effects. While some studies demonstrated improvements in insulin sensitivity, glucose, and lipid metabolism, others revealed no significant effect on glycemic homeostasis and inflammation. This review aims to provide insight into the molecular basis of the relationship between vitamin D, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type 1 and 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Virtual touch IQ elastography in the evaluation of fetal liver and placenta in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: Elastography is considered a novel technique in the assessment of placenta parenchymal elasticity and very few data present the feasibility of elastography on human fetal tissue. This study aims to investigate the feasibility of fetal liver and placenta elastography and differences in pregnancies with GDM. Methods: Fifty-five women with GDM and 40 women with uncomplicated pregnancy as the control group was enrolled prospectively in this case-control study. Fetal liver VTIQ and placenta VTIQ elastography were performed between 25 and 39 weeks of pregnancy. Results: Mean placenta thickness at the level of umbilical cord insertion was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p=0.034). VTIQ elastography elasticity velocity (kPa) examinations revealed similar mean placenta and mean fetal liver stiffness in both groups. A weak to moderate correlation was observed between the mean elasticity of the placenta and the mean elasticity of the fetal liver (r=0.310; p=0.004). Conclusions: Elastography may provide valuable information of especially on fetal tissue development and pathology. While placenta and fetal liver VTIQ elastography are feasible in pregnancy, the diagnostic value of these examinations in GDM is not certain and it seems to be that significant differences in SWE examinations that reflect structural changes in fetal tissue or placenta are more prominent in more chronic conditions such as type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.  © 2023 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Signaling Pathways of the Insulin-like Growth Factor Binding Proteins; The 6 high-affinity insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs) are multifunctional proteins that modulate cell signaling through multiple pathways. Their canonical function at the cellular level is to impede access of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF-2 to their principal receptor IGF1R, but IGFBPs can also inhibit, or sometimes enhance, IGF1R signaling either through their own post-translational modifications, such as phosphorylation or limited proteolysis, or by their interactions with other regulatory proteins. Beyond the regulation of IGF1R activity, IGFBPs have been shown to modulate cell survival, migration, metabolism, and other functions through mechanisms that do not appear to involve the IGF-IGF1R system. This is achieved by interacting directly or functionally with integrins, transforming growth factor β family receptors, and other cell-surface proteins as well as intracellular ligands that are intermediates in a wide range of pathways. Within the nucleus, IGFBPs can regulate the diverse range of functions of class II nuclear hormone receptors and have roles in both cell senescence and DNA damage repair by the nonhomologous end-joining pathway, thus potentially modifying the efficacy of certain cancer therapeutics. They also modulate some immune functions and may have a role in autoimmune conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis. IGFBPs have been proposed as attractive therapeutic targets, but their ubiquity in the circulation and at the cellular level raises many challenges. By understanding the diversity of regulatory pathways with which IGFBPs interact, there may still be therapeutic opportunities based on modulation of IGFBP-dependent signaling. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Research progress of the pathogenesis and treatment of insulin resistance in patients with obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome; Obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome (OSAHS) is a common chronic disease. In recent years, the correlation of OSAHS with type 2 diabetes has attracted many scholars' attention. Insulin resistance is the key factor linking T2DM with OSAHS. Chronic intermittent hypoxia and sleep fragmentation of OSAHS activate the sympathetic nervous system, and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis,which cause systemic inflammation and autophagy,promote the development of insulin resistance and progress to reduced glucose tolerance,eventually leading to T2DM. However,the evidence on the specific pathway between OSAHS and insulin resistance is insufficient, and further studies are needed to verify it. This article will makes a review on the new research progress in the pathogenesis and treatment of insulin resistance in patients with OSAHS, in order to provide reference for clinical and basic research. © 2023 Journal of Xinxiang Medical University. All rights reserved.
Molecular Study of the Protective Effect of a Low-Carbohydrate, High-Fat Diet against Brain Insulin Resistance in an Animal Model of Metabolic Syndrome; Brain insulin resistance is linked to metabolic syndrome (MetS). A low-carbohydrate, high-fat (LCHF) diet has been proposed to have a protective effect. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the brain insulin resistance markers in a rat animal model of MetS and the protective effects of the LCHF diet. Four groups of male rats (10/group) were created. Group I (Control) was fed a regular diet. Groups II–IV were injected with dexamethasone (DEX) to induce MetS. Group II received DEX with a regular diet. Group III (DEX + LCHF) rates were fed a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet, while Group IV (DEX + HCLF) rats were fed a high-carbohydrate, low-fat (HCLF) diet. At the end of the four-week experiment, HOMA-IR was calculated. Moreover, cerebral gene expression analysis of S-100B, BDNF, TNF-α, IGF-1, IGF-1 R, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-5, Bax, Bcl-2, and caspase-3 was carried out. In the DEX group, rats showed a significant increase in the HOMA-IR and a decrease in the gene expression of IGF-1, IGF-1 R, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-5, BDNF, and Bcl2, with a concomitant rise in S100B, TNF-α, Bax, and caspase-3. The LCHF diet group showed a significantly opposite effect on all parameters. In conclusion, MetS is associated with dysregulated cerebral gene expression of BDNF, S100B, and TNF-α and disturbed IGF-1 signaling, with increased apoptosis and neuroinflammation. Moreover, the LCHF diet showed a protective effect, as evidenced by preservation of the investigated biochemical and molecular parameters. © 2023 by the authors.
Comprehensive analysis of macrosomia: exploring the association between first-trimester alanine aminotransferase and uric acid measurements in pregnant women; Objectives: Investigating the relationship between liver enzymes, uric acid (UA), and macrosomia will benefit physicians in the early detection of complications that may emerge during/after pregnancy. The study analyzed liver enzyme activity and UA levels in first-trimester pregnant for the risk of macrosomia. Methods: This retrospective cross-sectional research analyzed the data of pregnant women who gave birth between Jan 2021-2023. All data were extracted from medical records, and UA and AST-ALT were examined in all the participants. Results: Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels were higher in the macrosomia (p<0.05). Similarly, UA levels were higher in the macrosomia (p<0.001). There was a moderate positive correlation between ALT and birth weight (r=0.168, p<0.01), while we found a strong positive correlation between UA and birth weight (r=0.355, p<0.01). In the ROC (receiver operating characteristic), Area Under the Curve (AUC) for ALT and UA was significant (p<0.0001) but not for AST (p=0.157). UA showed a predictive value for macrosomia with 68.1 % sensitivity and 63.8 % specificity at a 3.15 cut-off (AUC:0.689; p:0.0001; CI:0.644-0.725). Conclusions: These results indicate that ALT and UA may be potentially important in determining the risk of macrosomia. The UA had a more potent marker for macrosomia than ALT. The occurrence of macrosomia might be more closely related to the mother's metabolic syndrome rather than NAFLD. © 2023 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Effects of dietary chloroquine on fish growth, hepatic intermediary metabolism, antioxidant and inflammatory responses in turbot; Autophagy is a conserved cellular self-digestion process and is essential for individual growth, cellular metabolism and inflammatory responses. It was responsive to starvation, pathogens infection and environmental stress. However, the information on the regulation of autophagy in fish hepatic intermediary metabolism, antioxidant system, and immune responses were limited. In the present study, turbot with inhibited autophagy flux was built by dietary chloroquine. The hepatic metabolic response, antioxidant enzymes and immune responses were explored. Results showed that dietary chloroquine induced the expression of Beclin 1, SQSTM and LC-3II, and effectively inhibited autophagy flux. Autophagy dysfunction depressed fish growth and feed utilization, while it induced clusters of liver lipid droplets. The genes involved in lipolysis and fatty acid β-oxidation, as well as the lipogenesis-related genes in chloroquine group were depressed. The phosphorylation of AMPK was activated in chloroquine group, and the genes involved in glycolysis were induced. The hepatic content of malonyldialdehyde and the activities of SOD and CAT were induced when autophagy was inhibited. The content of Complement 3, Complement 4 and Immunoglobulin M, as well as the activity of lysozyme in plasma were depressed in chloroquine group. Dietary chloroquine induced the expression of toll-like receptors and stimulated the expression of myd88 and nf-κb p65, as well as the pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as tnf-α and il-1β. The expression of anti-inflammatory cytokine tgf-β was depressed in the chloroquine group. Our results would extend the knowledge on the role of autophagy in teleost and assist in improving fishery production. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Nuciferine relieves type 2 diabetes mellitus via enhancing GLUT4 expression and translocation; Nuciferine contained in lotus leaves have been confirmed to have the effect of ameliorating hyperlipemia and hyperglycemia. A laser scanning confocal microscope was used to track the translocation of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) in L6 cells and the changes in intracellular Ca2+ levels in real time, and related protease inhibitors combined with western blotting were used to explore the mechanism of nuciferine. Meanwhile, KK-Ay mice, the spontaneous type 2 diabetic mice, were used to evaluate the in vivo activity of nuciferine. In this study, the in vitro studies indicated that nuciferine-induced GLUT4 translocation was regulated by G protein-PLC-PKC and AMPK pathways and nuciferine-enhanced intracellular Ca2+ was mediated by G protein-PLC-IP3-IP3R pathway, the increase in intracellular Ca2+ caused by nuciferine was not directly related to GLUT4 translocation, but both promote glucose uptake. The in vivo results suggested that nuciferine ameliorated weight gain induced by high-fat diet, abnormal lipid metabolism and the symptoms of insulin resistance in KK-Ay diabetic mice. Western blot results suggested that nuciferine increased AMPK and PKC phosphorylation levels in skeletal muscle and liver, and enhanced GLUT4 expression in skeletal muscle. Taken together, this research showed that nuciferine has the non-negligible potential in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2023
Per- and Poly-fluoroalkyl Substances and Bile Acid Profiles in Pregnant Women; Alterations in bile acid (BA) profiles are closely associated with adverse outcomes in pregnant women and their offspring and may be one potential pathway underlying the related metabolic effects of per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) exposure. However, evidence of associations between PFAS exposure and BA profiles in pregnant women is scarce. This study examined the associations of individual PFAS and PFAS mixture with BA profiles of pregnant women. We obtained quantitative data on the plasma concentrations of 13 PFAS and 15 BAs in 645 pregnant women from the Jiashan birth cohort. In Bayesian kernel machine regression models, the PFAS mixture was associated with increased plasma CA, TCA, TCDCA, and GLCA levels but with decreased GCA and LCA concentrations. Furthermore, the PFAS mixture was associated with increased concentrations of total BAs and the secondary/primary BA ratio but with decreased conjugated/unconjugated and glycine/taurine-conjugated BA ratios. PFHxS, PFUdA, PFOS, PFNA, and PFDA were the dominant contributors. The results of the linear regression analysis of individual PFAS were generally similar. Our findings provide the first epidemiological evidence for the associations of a PFAS mixture with BA profiles in pregnant women and may provide explanatory insights into the biological pathways underlying the related metabolic effects of PFAS exposure. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
A simpler definition of MAFLD precisely predicts incident metabolic diseases: a 7-year cohort study; Background: Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a novel definition proposed in 2020 with a relatively complex set of criteria. Thus, simplified criteria that are more applicable are required. This study aimed to develop a simplified set of criteria for identifying MAFLD and predicting MAFLD-related metabolic diseases. Methods: We developed a simplified set of metabolic syndrome-based criteria for MAFLD, and compared the performance of the simplified criteria with that of the original criteria in predicting MAFLD-related metabolic diseases in a 7-year follow-up. Results: In the 7-year cohort, a total of 13,786 participants, including 3372 (24.5%) with fatty liver, were enrolled at baseline. Of the 3372 participants with fatty liver, 3199 (94.7%) met the MAFLD-original criteria, 2733 (81.0%) met the simplified criteria, and 164 (4.9%) were metabolic healthy and met neither of the criteria. During 13,612 person-years of follow-up, 431 (16.0%) fatty liver individuals newly developed T2DM, with an incidence rate of 31.7 per 1000 person-years. Participants who met the simplified criteria had a higher risk of incident T2DM than those who met the original criteria. Similar results were observed for incident hypertension, and incident carotid atherosclerotic plaque. Conclusion: The MAFLD-simplified criteria are an optimized risk stratification tool for predicting metabolic diseases in fatty liver individuals. © 2023, Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver.
Microbiota and Nod-like receptors balance inflammation and metabolism during obesity and diabetes; Gut microbiota influence host immunity and metabolism during obesity. Bacterial sensors of the innate immune system relay signals from specific bacterial components (i.e., postbiotics) that can have opposing outcomes on host metabolic inflammation. NOD-like receptors (NLRs) such as Nod1 and Nod2 both recruit receptor-interacting protein kinase 2 (RIPK2) but have opposite effects on blood glucose control. Nod1 connects bacterial cell wall-derived signals to metabolic inflammation and insulin resistance, whereas Nod2 can promote immune tolerance, insulin sensitivity, and better blood glucose control during obesity. NLR family pyrin domain containing (NLRP) inflammasomes can also generate divergent metabolic outcomes. NLRP1 protects against obesity and metabolic inflammation potentially because of a bias toward IL-18 regulation, whereas NLRP3 appears to have a bias toward IL-1β-mediated metabolic inflammation and insulin resistance. Targeting specific postbiotics that improve immunometabolism is a key goal. The Nod2 ligand, muramyl dipeptide (MDP) is a short-acting insulin sensitizer during obesity or during inflammatory lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stress. LPS with underacylated lipid-A antagonizes TLR4 and counteracts the metabolic effects of inflammatory LPS. Providing underacylated LPS derived from Rhodobacter sphaeroides improved insulin sensitivity in obese mice. Therefore, certain types of LPS can generate metabolically beneficial metabolic endotoxemia. Engaging protective adaptive immunoglobulin immune responses can also improve blood glucose during obesity. A bacterial vaccine approach using an extract of the entire bacterial community in the upper gut promotes protective adaptive immune response and long-lasting improvements in blood glucose control. A key future goal is to identify and combine postbiotics that cooperate to improve blood glucose control. © 2023 The Authors
New insights into the suppression of inflammation and lipid accumulation by JAZF1; Atherosclerosis is one of the leading causes of disease and death worldwide. The identification of new therapeutic targets and agents is critical. JAZF1 is expressed in many tissues and is found at particularly high levels in adipose tissue (AT). JAZF1 suppresses inflammation (including IL-1β, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, TNFα, IFN-γ, IAR-20, COL3A1, laminin, and MCP-1) by reducing NF-κB pathway activation and AT immune cell infiltration. JAZF1 reduces lipid accumulation by regulating the liver X receptor response element (LXRE) of the SREBP-1c promoter, the cAMP-response element (CRE) of HMGCR, and the TR4 axis. LXRE and CRE sites are present in many cytokine and lipid metabolism gene promoters, which suggests that JAZF1 regulates these genes through these sites. NF-κB is the center of the JAZF1-mediated inhibition of the inflammatory response. JAZF1 suppresses NF-κB expression by suppressing TAK1 expression. Interestingly, TAK1 inhibition also decreases lipid accumulation. A dual-targeting strategy of NF-κB and TAK1 could inhibit both inflammation and lipid accumulation. Dual-target compounds (including prodrugs) 1–5 exhibit nanomolar inhibition by targeting NF-κB and TAK1, EGFR, or COX-2. However, the NF-κB suppressing activity of these compounds is relatively low (IC50 > 300 nM). Compounds 6–14 suppress NF-κB expression with IC50 values ranging from 1.8 nM to 38.6 nM. HS-276 is a highly selective, orally bioavailable TAK1 inhibitor. Combined structural modifications of compounds using a prodrug strategy may enhance NF-κB inhibition. This review focused on the role and mechanism of JAZF1 in inflammation and lipid accumulation for the identification of new anti-atherosclerotic targets. © 2023 Chongqing Medical University
Regulatory mechanisms underlying endoplasmic reticulum stress involvement in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus entail the CHOP-PPARα–NF–κB pathway; Objective: We investigated the proinflammatory functions of endoplasmic reticulum stress and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α (PPARα) in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their relationship in regulating inflammation in GDM. Methods: This study was performed on placentas of normal pregnant women, women with GDM, and HTR8 cells. Transmission electron microscopy, immunohistochemistry, Western blot analysis, and RT-PCR were performed to analyze ERS and PPARα expression on both normal and GDM pregnancy placentas. ELISA was performed to analyze inflammatory biomarkers. To generate models of the GDM-like state, placentas of normal pregnancy were treated with LPS and polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid (poly [I:C]). TG, CHOP plasmid, and CHOP siRNA were assessed as to their regulation of HTR8 cells to discern the relationship between ERS and PPARα in regulating the inflammation associated with GDM. Results: ERS was elevated in GDM placentas, induced the secretion of IL-6 and TNF-α, and attenuated the expression of GLUT-4. PPARα was diminished in GDM placentas and inhibited the inflammatory responses via the NF-κB nuclear-transport process. 4-PBA reduced CHOP and augmented PPARα, and it decreased IL-6 and TNF-α in our GDM-like explant. However, with both 4-PBA and MK886 treatment, we noted no significant difference in CHOP expression. The level of PPARα was reduced, and that of NF-κB p65 in the nucleus was elevated with TG treatment in the HTR8/Svneo. Knockdown of CHOP increased PPARα and reduced NF-κB p65, while expression of PPARα declined, and that of NF-κB p65 rose with the application of CHOP when HTR8 cells were treated with TG. Conclusions: ERS contributes to the pathophysiology of GDM in pregnancy via the CHOP-PPARα–NF–κB-signalling pathway by inducing aberrant activation of inflammation and insulin resistance. © 2023
Impacts of selenium enrichment on nutritive value and obesity prevention of Cordyceps militaris: A nutritional, secondary metabolite, and network pharmacological analysis; This study aimed to compare the nutritive value and obesity prevention of ordinary Cordyceps militaris (CM) and selenium-enriched CM (SeCM). The results indicated that Se enrichment significantly increased the total carbohydrate and soluble dietary fiber content, while the protein and insoluble dietary fiber content decreased. Although the fat content was not affected, the medium and long-chain fatty acids content significantly changed. Moreover, Se enrichment significantly elevated the secondary metabolites belonging to terpenoids and alkaloids, which are linked with the enhanced biosynthesis of secondary metabolites. Both CM and SeCM reduced body weight, adipose accumulation, impaired glucose tolerance, and lipid levels in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice, and there was no significant difference between them. Network pharmacological analysis revealed that dietary CM and SeCM prevented HFD-induced obesity and associated metabolic diseases with multi-ingredients acting on multi-targets. Overall, Se enrichment improved the nutritive value of CM without altering its role in preventing obesity. © 2023 The Author(s)
Extracellular microRNAs in Relation to Weight Loss—A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Obesity is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Even a modest weight loss of 5–15% improves metabolic health, but circulating markers to indicate weight loss efficiency are lacking. MicroRNAs, small non-coding post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression, are secreted from tissues into the circulation and may be potential biomarkers for metabolic health. However, it is not known which specific microRNA species are reproducibly changed in levels by weight loss. In this study, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate the microRNAs associated with weight loss by comparing baseline to follow-up levels following intervention-driven weight loss. This systematic review was performed according to the PRISMA guidelines with searches in PubMed and SCOPUS. The primary search resulted in a total of 697 articles, which were screened according to the prior established inclusion and exclusion criteria. Following the screening of articles, the review was based on the inclusion of 27 full-text articles, which were evaluated for quality and the risk of bias. We performed systematic data extraction, whereafter the relative values for miRNAs were calculated. A meta-analysis was performed for the miRNA species investigated in three or more studies: miR-26a, miR-126, and miR-223 were overall significantly increased following weight loss, while miR-142 was significantly decreased after weight loss. miR-221, miR-140, miR-122, and miR-146 were not significantly changed by intervention-driven weight loss. These results indicate that few miRNAs are significantly changed during weight loss. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal consumption of L-malic acid enriched diets improves antioxidant capacity and glucose metabolism in offspring by regulating the gut microbiota; Maternal diets during pregnancy and lactation are key determinants that regulate the development of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in offspring. L-malic acid (MA) was previously reported to improve antioxidant capacity and aerobic metabolism. However, the effects of maternal MA consumption on the metabolic features of offspring remain largely unexplored. Herein, through pig models consuming MA-enriched diets during late pregnancy and lactation, we found that maternal MA consumption potentiated the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant capacity of sows, thereby improving their reproductive performance and the growth performance of piglets. Maternal MA consumption also induced a transition of slow-twitch to fast-twitch fibers in the early life of offspring. Along with muscle growth and fiber-type transition, insulin sensitivity and glucose metabolism, including aerobic metabolism and glycolysis, were improved in the skeletal muscle of offspring. An untargeted metabolomic analysis further revealed the contribution of modified amino acid metabolism to the improved aerobic metabolism. Mechanistically, maternal MA consumption remodeled colonic microbiota of their offspring. Briefly, the abundance of Colidextribacter, Romboutsia, and Family_XIII_AD3011_group increased, which were positively associated with the antioxidant capacity and glucose metabolism of skeletal muscles. A decreased abundance of Prevotella, Blautia, Prevotellaceae_NK3B31_group, and Collinsella was also detected, which were involved in less insulin sensitivity. Notably, milk metabolites, such as ascorbic acid (AA) and granisetron (GS), were found as key effectors regulating the gut microbiota composition of piglets. The properties of AA and GS in alleviating insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress were further verified through mice treated with high-fat diets. Overall, this study revealed that maternal MA consumption could modulate the inflammatory response, antioxidant capacity, and glucose metabolism by regulating the gut microbiota of offspring through the vertical transmission of milk metabolites. These findings suggest the potential of MA in the prevention and treatment of MetS in early life. © 2023 The Authors
Obesity theranostics using nanoemulsions of probiotics and local herbs; Obesity is a polygenic disorder which has become a global epidemic in recent years. Aim of the present study was to assess the theranostic potential of probiotics (Lactobacillus bulgaricus, Bifidobacterium) and local herbs (fenugreek seeds, aloe vera) on the body weight, biochemical (liver and kidney functions) and histology of some internal organs (liver, kidney, ovary, small intestine) in obese rats. In present study, nanoemulsions of probiotics and local herbs were formulated by high energy method and characterized by FTIR and UV analysis. One hundred and sixty (1 6 0) female wistar rats were divided into sixteen groups. A high-fat diet was given to induce obesity in them. Obese rats were treated with different doses of probiotics, local herbs and their combination. Weekly body weight was monitored. Rats were dissected after fifteen weeks; blood and organs were harvested for biochemical analysis and histology. Results demonstrated a protective effect of nanoemulsion of probiotics and local herbs on the central vein, glomerulus, villi and normal ovulatory function of obese rats. Rats treated with a combination of probiotics and local herbs (fenugreek seeds, aloe vera) exhibited improved levels of bilirubin (4 mg/dl to15 mg/dl), AST from (110 U/L to 18 U/L) and ALT from (52 U/L to 10U/L). Similar renoprotective effects were recorded on the overall renal function tests (RFT). A combination of probiotics and local herbs in post treatment rats improved urea (63 mg/dl to 22 mg/dl) and creatinine (0.2 mg/dl to 0.8 mg/dl) levels. It was therefore evident that a combination of probiotics and local herbs has the potential to reverse the effects of obesity on the biochemical parameters and histological architecture of liver, kidney, small intestine and ovary. The overall results indicated that probiotics have positive effects of their own, but when combined with local herbs, they produced highly effective results in obese rats and therefore can be used as a complementary option in obese individuals. © 2023 The Author(s)
Towards precision medicine in bariatric surgery prescription; Obesity is a complex, multifactorial and chronic disease. Bariatric surgery is a safe and effective treatment intervention for obesity and obesity-related diseases. However, weight loss after surgery can be highly heterogeneous and is not entirely predictable, particularly in the long-term after intervention. In this review, we present and discuss the available data on patient-related and procedure-related factors that were previously appointed as putative predictors of bariatric surgery outcomes. In addition, we present a critical appraisal of the available evidence on which factors could be taken into account when recommending and deciding which bariatric procedure to perform. Several patient-related features were identified as having a potential impact on weight loss after bariatric surgery, including age, gender, anthropometrics, obesity co-morbidities, eating behavior, genetic background, circulating biomarkers (microRNAs, metabolites and hormones), psychological and socioeconomic factors. However, none of these factors are sufficiently robust to be used as predictive factors. Overall, there is no doubt that before we long for precision medicine, there is the unmet need for a better understanding of the socio-biological drivers of weight gain, weight loss failure and weight-regain after bariatric interventions. Machine learning models targeting preoperative factors and effectiveness measurements of specific bariatric surgery interventions, would enable a more precise identification of the causal links between determinants of weight gain and weight loss. Artificial intelligence algorithms to be used in clinical practice to predict the response to bariatric surgery interventions could then be created, which would ultimately allow to move forward into precision medicine in bariatric surgery prescription. © 2023, The Author(s).
Metabolomic insights into maternal and neonatal complications in pregnancies affected by type 1 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: Type 1 diabetes in pregnancy is associated with suboptimal pregnancy outcomes, attributed to maternal hyperglycaemia and offspring hyperinsulinism (quantifiable by cord blood C-peptide). We assessed metabolomic patterns associated with risk factors (maternal hyperglycaemia, diet, BMI, weight gain) and perinatal complications (pre-eclampsia, large for gestational age [LGA], neonatal hypoglycaemia, hyperinsulinism) in the Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Women with Type 1 Diabetes in Pregnancy Trial (CONCEPTT). Methods: A total of 174 CONCEPTT participants gave ≥1 non-fasting serum sample for the biorepository at 12 gestational weeks (147 women), 24 weeks (167 women) and 34 weeks (160 women) with cord blood from 93 infants. Results from untargeted metabolite analysis (ultrahigh performance LC-MS) are presented as adjusted logistic/linear regression of maternal and cord blood metabolites, risk factors and perinatal complications using a modified Bonferroni limit of significance for dependent variables. Results: Maternal continuous glucose monitoring time-above-range (but not BMI or excessive gestational weight gain) was associated with increased triacylglycerols in maternal blood and increased carnitines in cord blood. LGA, adiposity, neonatal hypoglycaemia and offspring hyperinsulinism showed distinct metabolite profiles. LGA was associated with increased carnitines, steroid hormones and lipid metabolites, predominantly in the third trimester. However, neonatal hypoglycaemia and offspring hyperinsulinism were both associated with metabolite changes from the first trimester, featuring triacylglycerols or dietary phenols. Pre-eclampsia was associated with increased abundance of phosphatidylethanolamines, a membrane phospholipid, at 24 weeks. Conclusions/interpretation: Altered lipid metabolism is a key pathophysiological feature of type 1 diabetes pregnancy. New strategies for optimising maternal diet and insulin dosing from the first trimester are needed to improve pregnancy outcomes in type 1 diabetes. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s).
Studying the Immunological Dysregulation in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: “Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)” is the most prevalent pregnancy-related metabolic condition, and its prevalence is rising globally. It is responsible for hyperglycemia in “pregnant women.” Early detection of pregnant women at risk of GDM is the first step toward administering effective preventative measures to reduce maternal and neonatal problems. The accurate identification of GDM is still debatable, and interleukin-1-beta (IL-1β), IL-18, and nod-like receptor protein 3 (NLRP3) are the most recent markers utilized in the diagnosis of GDM. Objective: The goal of this study was to determine (NLRP3, IL-1β, and IL-18) levels in the serum of women with GDM to know their role in immunological dysregulation in women with GDM. Materials and Methods: In this study, 89 individuals were used from August 2022 to December 2022; a total of 29 healthy participants and 60 pregnant with GDM were recruited. Healthy pregnancy and research participants ranged in age from 23 to 47 years, and all of them were analyzed using serum blood samples (3 mL). Results: Sixty patient women affirmatives out of 89 using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA); we determined that our GDM participants met the inclusion criteria. The findings of the (NLRP3, IL-1β, and IL-18) ELISA kit indicated that the level of markers was greatest in GDM (P = 0.01). The detection of (NLRP3, IL-1β, and IL-18) is made possible by using ELISA kit. This suggests that the levels of these markers are higher in pregnant patients than in controls. Conclusion: Patients in Babylon Province with GDM had significantly higher than average levels of (NLRP3, IL-1β, and IL-18). © 2023 Medical Journal of Babylon.
Role of MicroRNAs in Dietary Interventions for Obesity and Obesity-Related Diseases; Obesity and related metabolic syndromes pose a serious threat to human health and quality of life. A proper diet is a safe and effective strategy to prevent and control obesity, thus maintaining overall health. However, no consensus exists on the connotations of proper diet, and it is attributed to various factors, including “nutritional dark matter” and the “matrix effect” of food. Accumulating evidence confirms that obesity is associated with the in vivo levels of miRNAs, which serve as potential markers and regulatory targets for obesity onset and progression; food-derived miRNAs can regulate host obesity by targeting the related genes or gut microbiota across the animal kingdom. Host miRNAs mediate food nutrient-gut microbiota-obesity interactions. Thus, miRNAs are important correlates of diet and obesity onset. This review outlines the recent findings on miRNA-mediated food interventions for obesity, thereby elucidating their potential applications. Overall, we provide new perspectives and views on the evaluation of dietary nutrition, which may bear important implications for dietary control and obesity prevention. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Intervention Effects of Physical Activity on Type 2 Diabetic Patients Potentially Infected with COVID-19; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has clearly had a great influence on the lifestyles of the population, especially on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. During the COVID-19 outbreak, many countries/regions implemented social-isolation measures, leading to an increase in negative behaviors and impairing the capability of diabetic patients to resist COVID-19, ultimately causing severe prognoses. Moreover, as the epidemic progressed, multiple studies emphasized the significance of physical exercise in the management of type 2 diabetic patients infected with COVID-19. In this study, we selected research from 1 December 2019 to 9 August 2023 that focused on COVID-19-infected diabetic patients to investigate the impact of type 2 diabetes on the immune functions, inflammation factor levels, lung injuries, and mental disorders of such patients, as well as to assess the risk of novel coronavirus pneumonia in these patients. Additionally, the effects of high-intensity, moderate-intensity, and low-intensity exercises on novel coronavirus pneumonia infection in type 2 diabetic patients and the mechanisms of the effects of such exercise were considered. We concluded that elderly diabetic patients with COVID-19 should perform low-intensity exercises to facilitate their recoveries. This study offers guidance for a proper understanding of the dangers of diabetes and the use of appropriate measures to reduce the risk of novel coronavirus pneumonia infections in type 2 diabetic patients. © 2023 by the authors.
Melatonin associated with a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation prevents liver changes in the offspring; In the present study, we set out to determine whether melatonin combined with a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can prevent liver disorders in offspring. Forty rats were divided into four groups: DC - pregnant rats submitted to the standard diet; DC + Mel - pregnant rats submitted to the standard diet combined with melatonin; HFD - pregnant rats submitted to a high-fat diet; HFD + Mel - pregnant rats submitted to a high-fat diet combined with melatonin. Morphophysiological and biochemical parameters were analyzed. Melatonin (5 mg/kg) was administered intraperitoneally. The HFD group offspring showed an increase in AST, ALT, alkaline phosphatase, cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL and glucose levels, and a reduction in HDL and lipase levels. In the liver obseved steatosis, hepatocellular ballooning, increased lobular parenchyma and reduced non-lobular parenchyma, beside reduced liver glycogen and fibrosis. These changes were not observed in the HFD + Mel group. In conclusion, melatonin combined with a high-fat diet preserves the liver architecture and function in the offspring. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Targeting Retinol-Binding Protein 4 (RBP4) in the Management of Cardiometabolic Diseases; The ancient use of herbs for the treatment of various human diseases have been documented, with several scientific literatures supporting the use of medicinal plants. There is however a major concern about the phyto-constituents in the plants that performs the healing function and the mechanism by which it works for different ailments are still a research prospect. Cardiometabolic disease (CMD) is no doubt becoming more frequent globally and this is due to poor approach in therapy, contrary effects linked with intensive control, inept strategies with old drugs, inadequate control of some risk factors and lack of knowledge of the pathophysiological mechanisms that lead to this malaise. Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) are predominantly secreted in the liver and adipose tissues and several researches have observed that elevation in serum levels of RBP4 often observed in obese experimental animals and human subjects causes CMD (obesity, insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, etc.). RBP4 has gained special attention in the last 20 years in the field of metabolism research. This review aims to show research interaction of some medicinal plants targeting RBP4 in treating CMD and to encourage researchers, who are interested in CMD drug design, to focus on medicinal plants that inhibit the secretion of serum RBP4 in the adipose tissue for therapeutic approach to CMD. It also aims to identify the major bioactive compounds of plants that serves as a better and cheaper drug candidate for CMD and also study the signaling pathway which the plant material uses to regulate the metabolic consequences. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Beta-cell function in type 2 diabetes (T2DM): Can it be preserved or enhanced?; Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is a complex metabolic disorder manifested by hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and deteriorating beta-cell function. A way to prevent progression of the disease might be to enhance beta-cell function and insulin secretion. However, most previous studies examined beta-cell function while patients were using glycemia-lowering agents without an adequate period off medications (washout). In the present review we focus on studies with a washout period. We performed a literature search (2010 to June 2021) using beta-cell function and enhancement. The evidence shows that beta-cell function can be enhanced. Bariatric surgery and very low calorie diets show improvement in beta-cell function in many individuals. In addition, use of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists for prolonged periods (3 years or more) can also lead to improvement of beta-cell function. Further research is needed to understand the mechanisms leading to improved beta-cell function and identify agents that could enhance beta-cell function in patients with T2DM. © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes published by Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Pectic oligosaccharides ameliorate high-fat diet-induced obesity and hepatic steatosis in association with modulating gut microbiota in mice; Accumulating evidence has shown that gut microbiota and its metabolites have important significance in the etiology of obesity and related disorders. Prebiotics prevent and alleviate obesity by modulating the gut microbiota. However, how pectin oligosaccharides (POS) derived from pectin degradation affect gut microbiota and obesity remains unclear. To investigate the potential anti-obesity effects of POS, mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) for 12 weeks and a POS supplement with drinking water during the last 8 weeks. The outcomes demonstrated that POS supplementation in HFD-fed mice decreased body weight (P < 0.01), improved glucose tolerance (P < 0.001), reduced fat accumulation (P < 0.0001) and hepatic steatosis, protected intestinal barrier, and reduced pro-inflammatory cytokine levels. After fecal metagenomic sequencing, the POS corrected the gut microbiota dysbiosis caused by the HFD, as shown by the increased populations of Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus taiwanensis, and Bifidobacterium animalis, and decreased populations of Alistipes and Erysipelatoclostridium, which were previously considered harmful bacteria. Notably, the changed gut microbiota was associated with the obesity prevention of POS. These findings demonstrate that POS regulates particular gut microbiota, which is essential owing to its ability to prevent disorders associated with obesity. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Obesity in the 21st century; In recent years, the focus of obesity prevention has been on diet. However, diet is only one of many factors which play a role in the development of obesity. This book looks at these factors and the latest research on how they contribute to the development of obesity, and the many different methods that have been and are being used to treat and prevent obesity. Written in an accessible language, this book provides the latest and most up to date information on research into the causes, health consequences and treatment of obesity. It educates and advocates for healthier lifestyles, a better understanding of diets and weight loss programs, and associated chronic diseases. It is written for everyone interested in obesity and enables the reader to take informed action to reduce the likelihood of putting on weight and the risk of developing chronic illnesses. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023. All rights reserved.
Nutrition and Developmental Origins of Kidney Disease; The developmental programming hypothesis proposes that adverse environmental insults during critical developmental periods increase the risk of diseases later in life. The kidneys are deemed susceptible to such a process, although the exact mechanisms remain elusive. Many factors have been reported to contribute to the developmental origin of chronic kidney diseases (CKD), among which peri-gestational nutrition has a central role, affecting kidney development and metabolism. Physiologically, the link between malnutrition, reduced glomerular numbers, and increased blood pressure is key in the developmental programming of CKD. However, recent studies regarding oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, epigenetic modifications, and metabolic changes have revealed potential novel pathways for therapeutic intervention. This review will discuss the role of imbalanced nutrition in the development of CKD. © 2023 by the authors.
Targeting Nrf2 for ferroptosis-based therapy: Implications for overcoming ferroptosis evasion and therapy resistance in cancer; Ferroptosis is a newly discovered form of programmed cell death caused by redox-active iron-mediated lipid peroxidation. Ferroptosis exhibits a unique morphological phenotype resulting from oxidative damage to membrane lipids. Ferroptosis induction has been shown to be effective in treating human cancers that rely on lipid peroxidation repair pathways. Nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) can control the regulatory pathways of ferroptosis, which involve genes associated with glutathione biosynthesis, antioxidant responses, and lipid and iron metabolism. Resistant cancer cells often utilize Nrf2 stabilization by Keap1 inactivation or other somatic alterations in the genes from the Nrf2 pathway, which can confer resistance to ferroptosis induction and other therapies. However, pharmacological inactivation of the Nrf2 pathway can sensitize cancer cells to ferroptosis induction. Inducing lipid peroxidation and ferroptosis through regulating the Nrf2 pathway is a promising strategy for enhancing the anticancer effects of chemotherapy and radiation therapy in therapy-resistant human cancers. Despite promising preliminary studies, clinical trials in human cancer therapy have not yet been realized. A deeper understanding of their exact processes and efficacies in various cancers remains unsolved. Therefore, this article aims to summarize the regulatory mechanisms of ferroptosis, their modulation by Nrf2, and the potential of targeting Nrf2 for ferroptosis-based cancer therapy. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Integrative Analysis of Core Genes and Biological Process Involved in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common gynecological endocrine disordered disease, affecting the function of the ovaries in women of reproductive age. However, there are limited curative therapies for PCOS due to lack of reliable candidates. Hence, this study aimed to identify hub pathogenic genes and potential therapeutic targets for PCOS using bioinformatics tools. We obtained the expression profiles of 29 PCOS samples and 24 normal samples from three Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) datasets. Then, the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were screened, which were subjected to functional enrichment analyses. Moreover, we found 30 ferroptosis-related genes out of the 89 DEGs. Among the top 10 significant ferroptosis-related DEGs, 8 genes showed good predictive performance. We constructed interaction network of top three ferroptosis-related DEGs (SLC38A1, ACO1, DDIT3). Finally, real-time PCR was performed to test the relative expression of these genes. In conclusions, we have identified ferroptosis-related DEGs as core genes and potential therapeutic targets of PCOS based on comprehensive bioinformatics analysis. The findings are conducive to understanding of the pathogenesis of PCOS and paving the way towards curative therapies. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Society for Reproductive Investigation.
The Effect of Theaflavins on the Gut Microbiome and Metabolites in Diabetic Mice; With the development of diabetes, the gut microbiome falls into a state of dysbiosis, further affecting its progression. Theaflavins (TFs), a type of tea polyphenol derivative, show anti-diabetic properties, but their effect on the gut microbiome in diabetic mice is unclear. It is unknown whether the improvement of TFs on hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in diabetic mice is related to gut microbiota. Therefore, in this study, different concentrations of TFs were intragastrically administered to mice with diabetes induced by a high-fat-diet to investigate their effects on blood glucose, blood lipid, and the gut microbiome in diabetic mice, and the plausible mechanism underlying improvement in diabetes was explored from the perspective of the gut microbiome. The results showed that the TFs intervention significantly improved the hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia of diabetic mice and affected the structure of the gut microbiome by promoting the growth of bacteria positively related to diabetes and inhibiting those negatively related to diabetes. The changes in short-chain fatty acids in mice with diabetes and functional prediction analysis suggested that TFs may affect carbohydrate metabolism and lipid metabolism by regulating the gut microbiome. These findings emphasize the ability of TFs to shape the diversity and structure of the gut microbiome in mice with diabetes induced by a high-fat diet combined with streptozotocin and have practical implications for the development of functional foods with TFs. © 2023 by the authors.
Puberty as a DOHaD programming window: High-fat diet induces long-term hepatic dysfunction in male rats; The aim of this study was to evaluate whether high-fat (HF) diet intake during puberty can program obesity as well as generate glucose imbalance and hepatic metabolic dysfunctions in adult life. Male Wistar rats were randomly assigned into two groups: rats fed standard chow (NF) and rats fed a HF from postnatal 30-day-old (PND30) until PND60. Then, both groups were fed a standard chow from PND60 until PND120. Euthanasia and samples collections occurred at PND120. HF animals were overweight (+11%) and had increased adiposity, hyperphagia (+12%), hyperglycaemia (+13%), hyperinsulinemia (+69%), and hypertriglyceridemia (+34%). Plasma glucose levels during intravenous glucose tolerance test (ivGTT) and intraperitoneal insulin tolerance test (ipITT) were also higher in the HF group, whereas Kitt was significantly lower (-34%), suggesting reduced insulin sensitivity. In the same sense, HF animals present pancreatic islets hypertrophy and high β-cell mass. HF animals also had a significant increase in blood glucose levels during pyruvate tolerance test, indicating increased gluconeogenesis. Hepatic morphology analyses showed an increase in lipid inclusion in the HF group. Moreover, PEPCK and FAS protein expression were higher in the livers of the HF animals (+79% and + 37%, respectively). In conclusion, HF during puberty causes obese phenotype leading to glucose dyshomeostasis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, which can be related to the overexpression of proteins PEPCK and FAS.  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Cambridge University Press in association with The International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD).
Estimated exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances during infancy and serum-adipokine concentrations in later childhood; Background: Perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) are transferred through human milk and may cause elevated exposure during infancy. Given the lack of early postnatal blood samples, PFAS concentrations can be estimated to serve as predictors of subsequent metabolic toxicity. Methods: A total of 298 children from a prospective birth cohort were followed up through to age 9 years. Serum-PFAS was measured at birth and 18 months of age, while exposures during infancy were estimated by structural equations. Adiponectin, resistin, leptin, and the leptin receptor were measured in serum at age 9. Adjusted regression coefficients for estimated serum-PFAS concentrations were calculated, with additional consideration of the duration of breastfeeding and potential effect modification by sex. Results: A doubling in estimated serum-PFAS concentrations, particularly at ages 6 and 12 months, was associated with a loss of about 10–15% in age 9 resistin concentrations, while other associations were much weaker. Sex dependence of the associations was not observed, and neither did the duration of breastfeeding affect outcomes at age 9. Conclusion: Lowered serum-resistin concentrations at age 9 years were most strongly associated with early postnatal PFAS exposures. These findings suggest that infancy may represent a vulnerable time window for some aspects of metabolic programming that may be affected by PFAS exposure. Impact: Serum-PFAS concentrations during infancy can be estimated in the absence of blood samples.Adipokine concentrations were measured at age 9 years as metabolic biomarkers.Resistin was significantly lower in children with elevated PFAS exposures in infancy.The findings suggest that early postnatal PFAS exposures may affect subsequent metabolic health.Assessment of infancy vulnerability to PFAS can be explored using estimated serum-PFAS concentrations. © 2023, The Author(s).
A Systematic Approach to Treating Early Metabolic Disease and Prediabetes; At least 70% of US adults have metabolic disease. However, less is done to address early disease (e.g., overweight, obesity, prediabetes) versus advanced disease (e.g., type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease). Given the burden of advanced metabolic disease and the burgeoning pandemics of obesity and prediabetes a systematic response is required. To accomplish this, we offer several recommendations: (A) Patients with overweight, obesity, and/or prediabetes must be consistently diagnosed with these conditions in medical records to enable population health initiatives. (B) Patients with early metabolic disease should be offered in-person or virtual lifestyle interventions commensurate with the findings of the Diabetes Prevention Program. (C) Patients unable to participate in or otherwise failing lifestyle intervention must be screened to assess if they require pharmacotherapy. (D) Patients not indicated for, refusing, or failing pharmacotherapy must be screened to assess if they need bariatric surgery. (E) Regardless of treatment approach or lack of treatment, patients must be consistently screened for the progression of early metabolic disease to advanced disease to enable early control. Progression of metabolic disease from an overweight yet otherwise healthy person includes the development of prediabetes, obesity ± prediabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, chronic kidney disease, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Systematic approaches in health systems must be deployed with clear protocols and supported by streamlined technologies to manage their population’s metabolic health from early through advanced metabolic disease. Additional research is needed to identify and validate optimal system-level interventions. Future research needs to identify strategies to roll out systematic interventions for the treatment of early metabolic disease and to improve the metabolic health among the progressively younger patients being impacted by obesity and diabetes. © 2023, The Author(s).
An unwelcome inheritance: childhood obesity after diabetes in pregnancy; Diabetes in pregnancy affects 20 million women per year and is associated with increased risk of obesity in offspring, leading to insulin resistance and cardiometabolic disease. Despite the substantial public health ramifications, relatively little is known about the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying obesity in these high-risk children, which creates a barrier to successful intervention. While maternal glucose itself is undeniably a major stimulus upon intrauterine growth, the degree of offspring hyperinsulinism and disturbed lipid metabolism in mothers and offspring are also likely to be implicated in the disease process. The aim of this review is to summarise current understanding of the pathophysiology of childhood obesity after intrauterine exposure to maternal hyperglycaemia and to highlight possible opportunities for intervention. I present here a new unified hypothesis for the pathophysiology of childhood obesity in infants born to mothers with diabetes, which involves self-perpetuating twin cycles of pancreatic beta cell hyperfunction and altered lipid metabolism, both acutely and chronically upregulated by intrauterine exposure to maternal hyperglycaemia. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2023, The Author(s).
Abnormal tryptophan catabolism in diabetes mellitus and its complications: Opportunities and challenges; In recent years, the incidence rate of diabetes mellitus (DM), including type 1 diabetes mellitus(T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus(T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has increased year by year and has become a major global health problem. DM can lead to serious complications of macrovascular and microvascular. Tryptophan (Trp) is an essential amino acid for the human body. Trp is metabolized in the body through the indole pathway, kynurenine (Kyn) pathway and serotonin (5-HT) pathway, and is regulated by intestinal microorganisms to varying degrees. These three metabolic pathways have extensive regulatory effects on the immune, endocrine, neural, and energy metabolism systems of the body, and are related to the physiological and pathological processes of various diseases. The key enzymes and metabolites in the Trp metabolic pathway are also deeply involved in the pathogenesis of DM, playing an important role in pancreatic function, insulin resistance (IR), intestinal barrier, and angiogenesis. In DM and its complications, there is a disruption of Trp metabolic balance. Several therapy approaches for DM and complications have been proven to modify tryptophan metabolism. The metabolism of Trp is becoming a new area of focus for DM prevention and care. This paper reviews the impact of the three metabolic pathways of Trp on the pathogenesis of DM and the alterations in Trp metabolism in these diseases, expecting to provide entry points for the treatment of DM and its complications. © 2023 The Authors
Identification of ferroptosis-related genes in type 2 diabetes mellitus based on machine learning; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), which has a high incidence and several harmful consequences, poses a severe danger to human health. Research on the function of ferroptosis in T2DM is increasing. This study uses bioinformatics techniques identify new diagnostic T2DM biomarkers associated with ferroptosis. Methods: To identify ferroptosis-related genes (FRGs) that are differentially expressed between T2DM patients and healthy individuals, we first obtained T2DM sequencing data and FRGs from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database and FerrDb database. Then, drug-gene interaction networks and competitive endogenous RNA (ceRNA) networks linked to the marker genes were built after marker genes were filtered by two machine learning algorithms (LASSO and SVM-RFE algorithms). Finally, to confirm the expression of marker genes, the GSE76895 dataset was utilized. The protein and RNA expression of some marker genes in T2DM and nondiabetic tissues was also examined by Western blotting, immunohistochemistry (IHC), immunofluorescence (IF) and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). Results: We obtained 58 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) associated with ferroptosis. GO and KEGG enrichment analyses showed that these DEGs were significantly enriched in hypoxia and ferroptosis. Subsequently, eight marker genes (SCD, CD44, HIF1A, BCAT2, MTF1, HILPDA, NR1D2, and MYCN) were screened by LASSO and SVM-RFE machine learning algorithms, and a model was constructed based on these eight genes. This model also has high diagnostic power. In addition, based on these eight genes, we obtained 48 drugs and constructed a complex ceRNA network map. Finally, Western blotting, IHC, IF, and qRT-PCR results of clinical samples further confirmed the results of public databases. Conclusions: The diagnosis and aetiology of T2DM can be greatly aided by eight FRGs, providing novel therapeutic avenues. © 2023 The Authors. Immunity, Inflammation and Disease published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Dominant-negative HNF1α mutant promotes liver steatosis and inflammation by regulating hepatic complement factor D; Patients with HNF1A variants may develop liver steatosis, while the underlying mechanism is still unclear. Here, we established a mouse model carrying the dominant-negative HNF1α P291fsinsC mutation (hHNF1Amut/-) and found that the mutant mice developed liver steatosis spontaneously under the normal chow diet. Transcriptome analysis showed significant upregulation of Cfd and other genes related to innate immune response in the liver of hHNF1Amut/- mice. The changes in lipid metabolism and complement pathways were also confirmed by proteomics. We demonstrated that HNF1α inhibited CFD expression in hepatocytes, and the P291fsinsC mutant could reverse this inhibitory effect. Furthermore, the suppression of CFD with specific inhibitor or siRNAs reduced triglyceride levels in hepatocytes, suggesting that CFD regulated hepatocyte lipid deposition. Our results demonstrate that the HNF1α P291fsinsC mutant promotes hepatic steatosis and inflammation by upregulating CFD expression, and targeting CFD may delay the progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. © 2023 The Author(s)
Disrupted Balance of the Oxidant–Antioxidant System in the Pathophysiology of Female Reproduction: Oxidative Stress and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; The significance of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of male reproductive processes has been closely studied in the last two decades. Recently, it has become clear that oxidative stress can lead to numerous pathological conditions during female reproductive processes as well, contributing to the development of endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome and various forms of infertility. During pregnancy, physiological generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) occurs in association with several developmental processes including oocyte maturation and implantation. An overproduction of ROS can lead to disturbances in fetal development and increases the risk for missed abortion, intrauterine growth restriction, pre-eclampsia, premature delivery and gestational diabetes. Our review focuses on the etiological role of the disrupted oxidant–antioxidant system during human gestation as it relates to adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
The emerging role of ferroptosis in female reproductive disorders; Iron, as an essential trace element for the organism, is vital for maintaining the organism's health. Excessive iron can promote reactive oxygen species (ROS) accumulation, thus damaging cells and tissues. Ferroptosis is a novel form of programmed cell death distinguished by iron overload and lipid peroxidation, which is unique from autophagy, apoptosis and necrosis, more and more studies are focusing on ferroptosis. Recent evidence suggests that ferroptosis is associated with the development of female reproductive disorders (FRDs), including polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), premature ovarian insufficiency (POI), endometriosis (EMs), ovarian cancer (OC), preeclampsia (PE) and spontaneous abortion (SA). Pathways and genes associated with ferroptosis may participate in processes that regulate granulosa cell proliferation and secretion, oocyte development, ovarian reserve function, early embryonic development and placental oxidative stress. However, its exact mechanism has not been fully revealed. Therefore, our review systematically elaborates the occurrence mechanism of ferroptosis and its research progress in the development of FRDs, with a view to providing literature references for clinical targeting of ferroptosis -related pathways and regulatory factors for the management of FRDs. © 2023 The Authors
Association of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances with hepatic steatosis and metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease among patients with acute coronary syndrome; Etiology of hepatic steatosis and metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) among acute coronary syndrome (ACS) remains unclear. Existing studies suggested the potential role of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in comorbidity of hepatic steatosis among ACS patients. Therefore, we conducted a cross-sectional study based on the ACS inpatients to assess the associations of plasma PFAS congeners and mixtures with hepatic steatosis and MAFLD. This study included 546 newly diagnosed ACS patients. Twelve PFAS were quantified using ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Hepatic steatosis was defined by hepatic steatosis index (HSI). MAFLD was defined as the combination of hepatic steatosis based on the risk factor calculation with metabolic abnormalities. Generalized linear model was used to examine the associations of PFAS congeners with HSI and MAFLD. Adaptive elastic net (AENET) was further used for PFAS congeners selection. Mixture effects were also assessed with Bayesian kernel machine regression model (BKMR). Congeners analysis observed significant greater percent change of HSI for each doubling in PFOS (1.82%, 95% CI: 0.87%, 2.77%), PFHxS (1.17%, 95% CI: 0.46%, 1.89%) and total PFAS (1.84%, 95% CI: 0.56%, 3.14%). Moreover, each doubling in PFOS (OR=1.42, 95% CI: 1.13, 1.81), PFHxS (OR=1.31, 95% CI: 1.09, 1.59) and total PFAS (OR=1.43, 95% CI: 1.06, 1.94) was associated with increased risk of MAFLD. In AENET regression, only PFOS presented significant positive associations with HSI. Mixture analysis indicated significant positive associations between PFAS mixtures and HSI. This is the first study to demonstrate associations of PFAS congeners and mixtures with hepatic steatosis and MAFLD among ACS patients, which provides hypothesis into the mechanisms behind comorbidity of hepatic steatosis among ACS patients, as well as tertiary prevention of ACS. © 2023 The Authors
Single and Joint Associations of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Exposure with Liver Function during Early Pregnancy; The individual and combined associations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) metabolites on liver function during pregnancy are still lacking. We aimed to explore the connection between urinary PAH metabolites and liver function in early pregnant women in southwest China based on the Zunyi birth cohort. Ten urinary PAH metabolites and five liver function parameters during early pregnancy were measured. The associations of single PAHs with parameters of liver function were assessed using multiple linear regression. A Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) model was used to evaluate the joint associations of the PAH mixture with outcomes. We found that each 1% increment of urinary 2-hydroxyphenanthrene (2-OH-PHE) was associated with 3.36% (95% CI: 0.40%, 6.40%) higher alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and 2.22% (95% CI: 0.80%, 3.67%) higher aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Each 1% increment in 1-hydroxy-phenanthrene (1-OH-PHE) was significantly associated with 7.04% (95% CI: 1.61%, 12.75%) increased total bile acid (TBA). Additionally, there was a significant positive linear trend between 2-OH-PHE and AST and 1-OH-PHE and TBA. BKMR also showed a significant positive association of PAH mixture with AST. Our results indicate that PAH metabolites were associated with increased parameters of liver function among early pregnant women. Early pregnant women should pay more attention to the adverse relationships between PAHs and liver function parameters to prevent environment-related adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
Polyphenols as NLRP3 inflammasome modulators in cardiometabolic diseases: a review of in vivo studies; The nucleotide-binding domain and leucine-rich repeat containing receptors (NLRs) are components of the innate immune system, important in coordinating the inflammatory response. Among them, NLRP3 can form inflammasomes, multiprotein complexes activating the inflammatory caspase-1 and leading, through a cell death-mediated signaling cascade, to the release of several proinflammatory cytokines. Dietary polyphenols, plant secondary metabolites, have been reported to exhibit anti-inflammatory properties, although studies have focused most on their effect on the expression of the final circulating cytokines rather than on the upstream signals activating the NLRP3 inflammasome. The present review explores current knowledge on the potential of dietary polyphenols to regulate the whole NLRP3 inflammasome pathway, in the context of cardiometabolic pathologies (obesity, cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease), based on in vivo studies. A clear tendency towards a decrease in the expression of the whole NLRP3 inflammasome signaling pathway when several animal models were supplemented with polyphenols was observed, commonly showing a dose-response effect; these modifications were concomitant with clinical improvements in the pathologies. Nevertheless, the diversity of doses used, the disparity in polyphenol structures tested and, particularly, the scarce clinical trials and exploration of mechanisms of action show the need to develop further research on the topic. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
The Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Lipid Profiles: an Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses; According to published meta-analyses, vitamin D exerts different beneficial effects in preventing and controlling risk factors associated with noncommunicable chronic diseases; however, the results are still conflicting. The purpose of this umbrella meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of vitamin D supplementation on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, total cholesterol (TC), and triglyceride (TG) as components of the lipid profile. PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were systematically searched for meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials. The umbrella meta-analysis followed the PRISMA guidelines. The random-effects model was employed to estimate the overall effect size (ES). Overall, 25 meta-analyses were included. In the standardized mean difference analysis, vitamin D significantly decreased TG (ES: −0.15; 95% CI: −0.23, −0.08; P ≤ 0.001) and TC levels (ES: −0.17; 95% CI: −0.23, −0.11; P ≤ 0.001) and increased HDL levels (ES: 0.08; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.15; P = 0.025). In the weighted mean difference analysis, vitamin D significantly decreased only TG levels (ES: −4.63 mg/dL; 95% CI: −7.70, −1.57; P = 0.003). The present study supports that vitamin D supplementation could be considered a beneficial adjuvant therapy in managing lipid profile levels, especially in individuals with vitamin D deficiency. This systematic review was registered in PROSPERO as CRD42022306334. © 2023 The Authors
Pancreatic-derived factor predicts remission of impaired glucose tolerance women with history of gestational diabetes; Aim: To clarify whether pancreatic derived factor (PANDER) predicts the remission of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) due to lifestyle intervention among women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: IGT women with GDM history in a prospective cohort study were enrolled at 4–12 weeks postpartum and grouped based on PANDER level at recruitment. After lifestyle intervention, glucose metabolism examined was performed at one year postpartum. The relation between PANDER level and glycemic outcome was analyzed with logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Results: In total, 48.7% (55/113) of subjects returned to normal glucose tolerance at one year postpartum. Compared to those with low PANDER group, women among high PANDER group and very high PANDER group were associated with a lower remission of IGT. These associations remained in multivariable logistic regression. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) of PANDER level for the remission of IGT was 0.702 (95% CI 0.595–0.809). When PANDER level was combined with clinical information, the AUC reached 0.812 (95% CI 0.725–0.899; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Circulating PANDER concentration is inversely associated with the remission of IGT in women with GMD history at one year postpartum. © 2023
Towards Precision Medicine in Gestational Diabetes: Pathophysiology and Glycemic Patterns in Pregnant Women With Obesity; Aims: Precision medicine has revolutionized our understanding of type 1 diabetes and neonatal diabetes but has yet to improve insight into gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most common obstetric complication and strongly linked to obesity. Here we explored if patterns of glycaemia (fasting, 1 hour, 2 hours) during the antenatal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), reflect distinct pathophysiological subtypes of GDM as defined by insulin secretion/sensitivity or lipid profiles. Methods: 867 pregnant women with obesity (body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2) from the UPBEAT trial (ISRCTN 89971375) were assessed for GDM at 28 weeks' gestation (75 g oral glucose tolerance test OGTT; World Health Organization criteria). Lipid profiling of the fasting plasma OGTT sample was undertaken using direct infusion mass spectrometry and analyzed by logistic/linear regression, with and without adjustment for confounders. Insulin secretion and sensitivity were characterized by homeostatic model assessment 2b and 2s, respectively. Results: In women who developed GDM (n = 241), patterns of glycaemia were associated with distinct clinical and biochemical characteristics and changes to lipid abundance in the circulation. Severity of glucose derangement, rather than pattern of postload glycaemia, was most strongly related to insulin action and lipid abundance/profile. Unexpectedly, women with isolated postload hyperglycemia had comparable insulin secretion and sensitivity to euglycemic women, potentially indicative of a novel mechanistic pathway. Conclusions: Patterns of glycemia during the OGTT may contribute to a precision approach to GDM as assessed by differences in insulin resistance/secretion. Further research is indicated to determine if isolated postload hyperglycemia reflects a different mechanistic pathway for targeted management.  © The Author(s) 2023.
From-Toilet-to-Freezer: A Review on Requirements for an Automatic Protocol to Collect and Store Human Fecal Samples for Research Purposes; The composition, viability and metabolic functionality of intestinal microbiota play an important role in human health and disease. Studies on intestinal microbiota are often based on fecal samples, because these can be sampled in a non-invasive way, although procedures for sampling, processing and storage vary. This review presents factors to consider when developing an automated protocol for sampling, processing and storing fecal samples: donor inclusion criteria, urine–feces separation in smart toilets, homogenization, aliquoting, usage or type of buffer to dissolve and store fecal material, temperature and time for processing and storage and quality control. The lack of standardization and low-throughput of state-of-the-art fecal collection procedures promote a more automated protocol. Based on this review, an automated protocol is proposed. Fecal samples should be collected and immediately processed under anaerobic conditions at either room temperature (RT) for a maximum of 4 h or at 4 °C for no more than 24 h. Upon homogenization, preferably in the absence of added solvent to allow addition of a buffer of choice at a later stage, aliquots obtained should be stored at either −20 °C for up to a few months or −80 °C for a longer period—up to 2 years. Protocols for quality control should characterize microbial composition and viability as well as metabolic functionality. © 2023 by the authors.
Potential role of irisin in digestive system diseases; Digestive system diseases (DSD) are very complex conditions that severely threaten human health. Therefore, there is an urgent need to develop new pharmacological treatment strategies. Irisin, a myokine discovered in 2012, is produced by fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 5 (FNDC5), which is a transmembrane protein. Irisin is involved in promoting the browning of white adipose tissue, the regulation of energy metabolism, and the improvement of insulin resistance. Irisin is also an essential mediator of the inflammatory response, oxidative stress, and cell apoptosis. Recent studies have proved that irisin concentration is altered in DSD and exerts pivotal effects on the initiation, progression, and prognosis of these diseases through various mechanisms. Therefore, studying the expression and function of irisin may have great significance for the diagnosis and treatment of DSD. Here, we focus on irisin and explore the multiple molecular pathways targeted by irisin therapy. This review indicates that irisin can serve as a diagnostic marker or potential therapeutic agent for DSD. Data Availability: Not applicable © 2023 The Authors
Immunological alterations in polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a frequent disease in women of reproductive age and a leading cause of subfertility. The PCOS has a complex pathophysiology and diverse clinical symptoms, including chronic low-grade inflammation. In this context, understanding the immune alterations in PCOS opens the possibility to personalize the treatment to the individual patient’s symptomatology as well as to develop new treatment approaches. Objective: The aim of this minireview is to summarize and contextualize solid observations on the immune deregulation in PCOS patients and to provide considerations on their impact on current treatment concepts. Material and methods: In this literature review relevant publications available in PubMed were extracted. Fundamental research studies, systematic reviews, and expert recommendations were discussed. Results: Significant immune alterations were associated with PCOS at the systemic, ovarian and endometrial levels. These alterations explain elevated markers of immune activation, which may contribute to the worsening of reproductive symptoms and comorbidities associated with PCOS. Conclusion: Insights into the impact of the immune system on the pathophysiology of PCOS enable a targeted selection of treatment and form a foundation for the long-term monitoring of this population of affected women. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Serum alanine transaminase is predictive of fasting and postprandial insulin and glucagon concentrations in type 2 diabetes; The liver plays a key role in glucose homeostasis. Serum liver enzyme levels, including alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST) and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), are reportedly predictive of the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, the link between the liver enzyme profile and metabolic derangements in T2D, particularly the secretion of both insulin and glucagon, is not clear. This study evaluated its relationships with glycemia, insulin and glucagon both during fasting and after an oral glucose load or a mixed meal in T2D. 15 healthy and 43 T2D subjects ingested a 75 g glucose drink. 86 T2D subjects consumed a mixed meal. Venous blood was sampled for measurements of blood glucose and plasma insulin, C-peptide and glucagon. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, C-peptide and glucagon concentrations, both fasting and after oral glucose, correlated directly with ALT, while fewer and weaker correlations were observed with GGT or AST. Subgroup analysis in T2D subjects ascertained that plasma insulin, C-peptide and glucagon concentrations after oral glucose were higher with increasing ALT. Similar findings were observed in the T2D subjects who received a mixed meal. In conclusion, serum liver enzyme profile, particularly ALT, reflects dysregulated fasting and nutrient-stimulated plasma insulin and glucagon concentrations in T2D. © 2023 The Authors
Nutri-microbiome epidemiology, an emerging field to disentangle the interplay between nutrition and microbiome for human health; Diet and nutrition have a substantial impact on the human microbiome, and interact with the microbiome, especially gut microbiome, to modulate various diseases and health status. Microbiome research has also guided the nutrition field to a more integrative direction, becoming an essential component of the rising area of precision nutrition. In this review, we provide a broad insight into the interplay among diet, nutrition, microbiome, and microbial metabolites for their roles in the human health. Among the microbiome epidemiological studies regarding the associations of diet and nutrition with microbiome and its derived metabolites, we summarize those most reliable findings and highlight evidence for the relationships between diet and disease-associated microbiome and its functional readout. Then, the latest advances of the microbiome-based precision nutrition research and multidisciplinary integration are described. Finally, we discuss several outstanding challenges and opportunities in the field of nutri-microbiome epidemiology. © The Author(s) 2023.
Effects of In Utero PFOS Exposure on Epigenetics and Metabolism in Mouse Fetal Livers; Prenatal exposure to perfluorooctanesulfonate (PFOS) increases fetus’ metabolic risk; however, the investigation of the underlying mechanism is limited. In this study, pregnant mice in the gestational days (GD, 4.5-17.5) were exposed to PFOS (0.3 and 3 μg/g of body weight). At GD 17.5, PFOS perturbed maternal lipid metabolism and upregulated metabolism-regulating hepatokines (Angptl4, Angptl8, and Selenop). Mass-spectrometry imaging and whole-genome bisulfite sequencing revealed, respectively, selective PFOS localization and deregulation of gene methylation in fetal livers, involved in inflammation, glucose, and fatty acid metabolism. PCR and Western blot analysis of lipid-laden fetal livers showed activation of AMPK signaling, accompanied by significant increases in the expression of glucose transporters (Glut2/4), hexose-phosphate sensors (Retsat and ChREBP), and the key glycolytic enzyme, pyruvate kinase (Pk) for glucose catabolism. Additionally, PFOS modulated the expression levels of PPARα and PPARγ downstream target genes, which simultaneously stimulated fatty acid oxidation (Cyp4a14, Acot, and Acox) and lipogenesis (Srebp1c, Acaca, and Fasn). Using human normal hepatocyte (MIHA) cells, the underlying mechanism of PFOS-elicited nuclear translocation of ChREBP, associated with a fatty acid synthesizing pathway, was revealed. Our finding implies that in utero PFOS exposure altered the epigenetic landscape associated with dysregulation of fetal liver metabolism, predisposing postnatal susceptibility to metabolic challenges. © 2023 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.
Dioscoreae Rhizoma starch improves chronic diarrhea by regulating the gut microbiotas and fecal metabolome in rats; Chinese yam (Dioscorea opposite Thunb.) has been used as food and medicine to treat diarrhea for thousands of years. This article aimed to elucidate the potential mechanism of Dioscoreae Rhizoma starch in alleviating chronic diarrhea induced by rhubarb based on gut microbiotas and fecal metabolome. The administration of the Dioscoreae Rhizoma aqueous extracts, crude polysaccharides, and starch could improve diarrhea and alleviate intestinal injury in chronic diarrhea rats. The Dioscoreae Rhizoma starch displayed the most apparent effect on regulating intestinal microbiotas by increasing the abundance and diversity of microbiotas. At the genus level, there were 17 changed intestinal microbiotas in model rats, and the treatment with Dioscoreae Rhizoma starch regulated 11 microbiotas. Metabolomics analysis revealed that Dioscoreae Rhizoma starch could regulate abnormal fecal metabolites to alleviate diarrhea, and these metabolites are involved in phenylalanine, tyrosine, and tryptophan biosynthesis; tyrosine metabolism; vitamin B6 metabolism; and purine metabolism. This study will contribute to the further research and development of Dioscoreae Rhizoma starch. © 2023 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Associations between perfluoroalkyl substances and the severity of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the leading cause of chronic liver disease worldwide and the determinants driving its severity remain to be elucidated. Perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are synthetic chemical compounds. They are used in commonplace products and persistent in water, soil and the human body. In vitro and animal studies suggest a pathogenic role for PFAS in metabolic diseases such as NAFLD. Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the association between NAFLD severity and serum PFAS concentrations in humans. Methods: One hundred biopsy-proven NAFLD patients were included with a well-balanced distribution between the different stages of severity: 25 patients with simple steatosis, 25 with early non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH and F0–F1 fibrosis), 33 with fibrotic NASH (NASH and F2–F3 fibrosis), and 17 with cirrhotic NASH (NASH and F4 fibrosis). Liver histological features were evaluated according to the NASH Clinical Research Network classification. Seventeen PFAS were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry on serum samples stored at −80 °C. Results: The median age was 60 years, 61 % of patients were male, 46 % had diabetes and the median body mass index (BMI) was 32 kg/m2. Long-chain PFAS were associated with steatosis grade (p = 0.03). Among the nine PFAS detected in > 50 % of the patients, Perfluoro-n-heptanoic acid (PFHpA) showed significantly higher concentrations in grade 3 steatosis versus grade 1 (p = 0.02). Perfluoro-n-dodecanoic acid (PFDoA) concentrations were higher in patients with significant fibrosis (p = 0.04) and PFHpA in patients with advanced fibrosis (p = 0.02). The association between PFHpA and steatosis grade remained significant in multivariate analysis adjusted for age, gender, BMI, diabetes presence and dyslipidemia (p = 0.004). Discussion: Our study showed a significant association between PFHpA and liver steatosis in NAFLD. According to data available in the literature, PFHpA could be implicated in liver steatosis through β-oxidation and biosynthesis of fatty acids. © 2023 The Author(s)
Paired Liver:Plasma PFAS Concentration Ratios from Adolescents in the Teen-LABS Study and Derivation of Empirical and Mass Balance Models to Predict and Explain Liver PFAS Accumulation; Animal studies have pointed at the liver as a hotspot for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) accumulation and toxicity; however, these findings have not been replicated in human populations. We measured concentrations of seven PFAS in matched liver and plasma samples collected at the time of bariatric surgery from 64 adolescents in the Teen-Longitudinal Assessment of Bariatric Surgery (Teen-LABS) study. Liver:plasma concentration ratios were perfectly explained (r2 > 0.99) in a multilinear regression (MLR) model based on toxicokinetic (TK) descriptors consisting of binding to tissue constituents and membrane permeabilities. Of the seven matched plasma and liver PFAS concentrations compared in this study, the liver:plasma concentration ratio of perfluoroheptanoic acid (PFHpA) was considerably higher than the liver:plasma concentration ratio of other PFAS congeners. Comparing the MLR model with an equilibrium mass balance model (MBM) suggested that complex kinetic transport processes are driving the unexpectedly high liver:plasma concentration ratio of PFHpA. Intratissue MBM modeling pointed to membrane lipids as the tissue constituents that drive the liver accumulation of long-chain, hydrophobic PFAS, whereas albumin binding of hydrophobic PFAS dominated PFAS distribution in plasma. The liver:plasma concentration data set, empirical MLR model, and mechanistic MBM modeling allow the prediction of liver from plasma concentrations measured in human cohort studies. Our study demonstrates that combining biomonitoring data with mechanistic modeling can identify underlying mechanisms of internal distribution and specific target organ toxicity of PFAS in humans. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Causal Associations between Gut Microbiota and Different Types of Dyslipidemia: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study; The determination of a causal association between gut microbiota and a range of dyslipidemia remains uncertain. To clarify these associations, we employed a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis utilizing the inverse-variance weighted (IVW) method. This comprehensive analysis investigated the genetic variants that exhibited a significant association (p < 5 × 10−8) with 129 distinct gut microbiota genera and their potential link to different types of dyslipidemia. The results indicated a potential causal association between 22 gut microbiota genera and dyslipidemia in humans. Furthermore, these findings suggested that the impact of gut microbiota on dyslipidemia regulation is dependent on the specific phylum, family, and genus. Bacillota phylum demonstrated the greatest diversity, with 15 distinct genera distributed among eight families. Notably, gut microbiota-derived from the Lachnospiraceae and Lactobacillaceae families exhibit statistically significant associations with lipid levels that contribute to overall health (p < 0.05). The sensitivity analysis indicated that our findings possess robustness (p > 0.05). The findings of our investigation provide compelling evidence that substantiates a causal association between the gut microbiota and dyslipidemia in the human body. It is noteworthy to highlight the significant influence of the Bacillota phylum as a crucial regulator of lipid levels, and the families Lachnospiraceae and Lactobacillaceae should be recognized as probiotics that significantly contribute to this metabolic process. © 2023 by the authors.
Sterile inflammation and the NLRP3 inflammasome in cardiometabolic disease; Inflammation plays an important role in the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic diseases. Sterile inflammation, a non-infectious and damage-associated molecular pattern (DAMP)-induced innate response, is now well-established to be closely associated with development and progression of cardiometabolic diseases. The NOD-like receptor (NLR) family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome is well-established as a major player in sterile inflammatory responses. It is a multimeric cytosolic protein complex which regulates the activation of caspase-1 and subsequently promotes cleavage and release of interleukin (IL)-1 family cytokines, which have a deleterious impact on the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Therefore, targeting NLRP3 itself or the downstream consequences of NLRP3 activation represent excellent potential therapeutic targets in inflammatory cardiometabolic diseases. Here, we review our current understanding of the role which NLRP3 inflammasome regulation plays in cardiometabolic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Finally, we highlight the potential of targeting NLPR3 or related signaling molecules as a therapeutic approach. © 2023 The Authors
Maternal cardiovascular disorders before and during pregnancy and offspring cardiovascular risk across the life course; Obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia are highly prevalent among women of reproductive age and contribute to complications in >30% of pregnancies in Western countries. An accumulating body of evidence suggests that these cardiovascular disorders in women, occurring before and during their pregnancy, can affect the development of the structure, physiology and function of cardiovascular organ systems at different stages during embryonic and fetal development. These developmental adaptations might, in addition to genetics and sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, increase the susceptibility of the offspring to cardiovascular disease throughout the life course. In this Review, we discuss current knowledge of the influence of maternal cardiovascular disorders, occurring before and during pregnancy, on offspring cardiovascular development, dysfunction and disease from embryonic life until adulthood. We discuss findings from contemporary, large-scale, observational studies that provide insights into specific critical periods, evidence for causality and potential underlying mechanisms. Furthermore, we focus on priorities for future research, including defining optimal cardiovascular and reproductive health in women and men before their pregnancy and identifying specific embryonic, placental and fetal molecular developmental adaptations from early pregnancy onwards. Together, these approaches will help stop the intergenerational cycle of cardiovascular disease. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
Dietary Models and Cardiovascular Risk Prevention in Pediatric Patients; Nutritional intervention is worldwide recognized as a first step treatment for subjects with increased cardiovascular risk and it is of utmost importance especially for children and adolescents. Currently scientific evidence supports the role of dietary patterns instead of simple single nutrients or foods in cardiovascular risk prevention. Indeed, the American Heart Association dietary guidelines have expanded beyond nutrients to dietary pattern, that comprise not only single food items but also behavioral or cultural habits of specific populations. The aim of our narrative review is to analyze the most frequently adopted dietary patterns in children and adolescents and to evaluate their effect on cardiovascular risk factors and in cardiovascular risk prevention. Literature review showed that children cannot be considered as little adults: nutritional intervention must always grant adequate growth and neurodevelopment before reaching the proposed goals, therefore dietary patterns considered heart-healthy for adult subjects might not be suitable for pediatric patients. Mediterranean diet, DASH diet, Nordic diet and some plant-based diets seem to be the most promising dietary patterns in terms of cardiovascular health in the developmental age, even if further studies are needed to better standardize and analyze their effect on growing up individuals. © 2023 by the authors.
The role of microRNA-185 in the pathogenesis of human diseases: A focus on cancer; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a widely-studied class of non-coding RNAs characterized by their short length (18–25 nucleotides). The precise functions of miRNAs are not well-elucidated; however, an increasing number of studies suggest their involvement in various physiologic processes and deregulation in pathologic conditions. miRNA-185 (miR-185) is among the mostly-studied miRNAs in human diseases, which is found to play putative roles in conditions like metabolic disorders, asthma, frailty, schizophrenia, and hepatitis. Notably, many cancer studies report the downregulation of miR-185 in cell lines, tumor tissues, and plasma specimens of patients, while it demonstrates a suppressing role on the malignant properties of cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. Accordingly, miR-185 can be considered a tumor suppressor miRNA in human malignancies, while a few studies also report inconsistent findings. Being suggested as a prognostic/diagnostic biomarker, mi-185 is also found to offer clinical potentials, particularly for early diagnosis and prediction of the prognosis of cancer patients. In this review, we have outlined the studies that have evaluated the functions and clinical significance of miR-185 in different human diseases with a particular focus on cancer. © 2023 Elsevier GmbH
The Association between CDKAL1 Gene rs10946398 Polymorphism and Post-Transplant Diabetes in Kidney Allograft Recipients Treated with Tacrolimus; Post-transplant diabetes mellitus (PTDM) is a common complication that occurs in kidney transplant patients, increasing the risk of infection, cardiovascular disease and loss of graft function. Currently, factors that increase the risk of this complication are being sought, among them polymorphisms in genes that regulate carbohydrate metabolism and influence pancreatic β-cell function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of selected polymorphisms of genes affecting carbohydrate metabolism, such as CDKAL1 rs10946398, GCK rs1799884, GCKR rs780094 and DGKB/TMEM195 rs2191349, with the development of post-transplant diabetes in kidney transplant patients. This study included 201 Caucasian patients after kidney transplantation treated with tacrolimus. An association was observed between the CDKAL1 rs10946398 gene polymorphism and PTDM. Among patients with PTDM, there was an increased prevalence of the CC genotype in the PTDM group compared to the group without PTDM. The chance of PTDM in those with the CC genotype was 2.60 times higher compared to those with the AC + AA genotypes (CC vs. AC + AA OR (95% CI): 2.60 (1.02–6.61), p = 0.040). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that advanced age and the CC genotype (rare homozygote) of CDKAL1 rs10946398 were risk factors for the development of PTDM at 1 year after transplantation. There was no statistically significant association between GCK rs1799884, GCKR rs780094 or DGKB/TMEM195 rs2191349 polymorphisms and the development of post-transplant diabetes mellitus in kidney transplant patients. The results of this study suggest that the CDKAL1 rs10946398 CC genotype is associated with the increased risk of PTDM development in patients after kidney graft transplantation treated with tacrolimus. © 2023 by the authors.
Diagnostic value of triglyceride-glucose index and related parameters in metabolism-associated fatty liver disease in a Chinese population: A cross-sectional study; Objective Our study aimed to explore the diagnostic value of triglyceride-glucose (TyG) and its related parameters in metabolism-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Design A cross-sectional study of residents who attended medical checkups at the First Hospital of Nanping City, Fujian Medical University, between 2015 and 2017. Setting One participation centre. Participants 2605 subjects met the inclusion-exclusion criteria and were grouped according to whether they had MAFLD. Results The TyG index and its associated parameters are positively associated with the risk of developing MAFLD (p<0.001). Restriction cube spline analysis showed a significant dose-response relationship between the TyG index and MAFLD. The risk of developing MAFLD increases significantly with a higher TyG index. After adjusting for confounders, this relationship remains (OR: 4.89, 95% CI 3.98 to 6.00). The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves of the TyG index for MAFLD detection were 0.793 (0.774 to 0.812). The areas under the curve (AUC) of TyG-related parameters were improved, among which TyG-waist circumference (TyG-WC) showed the largest AUC for MAFLD detection (0.873, 95% CI 0.860 to 0.887). In addition, the best cut-off value of the TyG-WC was 716.743, with a sensitivity and specificity of 88.7% and 71.4%, respectively. Conclusion The TyG index effectively identifies MAFLD, and the TyG-related parameters improved the identification and diagnosis of MAFLD, suggesting that TyG-related parameters, especially TyG-WC, may be a useful marker for diagnosing MAFLD.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
In Silico Analysis Predicting the Structural and Functional Effects of High-risk nsSNPs in the Human GCK Gene Associated with Gestational Diabetes; To assess the effect of missense variants and the degree of pathogenicity of each nsSNP on the function, structure, and stability of the glucokinase protein (GCK), several algorithms were utilized including PHD-SNP, PROVEAN, SNPs&GO, PolyPhen 2.0, SIFT, MutPred, I-Mutant, MUpro, Consurf, and STRING. We have evaluated the flexibility levels of the residues in GCK protein using the PredFlexy server and then we used the DynOmics server to study the molecular dynamics and understand the correlated communications between the residues. Towards the end, TM-align and the PyMol program were used to analyze the topology and structural similarity between the native model and the generated mutants. In total, seven out of eight nsSNPs were found to be the most damaging variants and to exhibit a deleterious effect on the structure of the GCK protein, and probably on its function. This in silico study gives information on functional polymorphisms that impact the structure, stability, and function of the GCK protein, and consequently susceptibility to Gestational Diabetes. © 2023, Physical Chemistry Research. All Rights Reserved.
The association between chemical constituents of ambient fine particulate matter and obesity in adults: A large population-based cohort study; Objectives: Current evidence demonstrated that ambient fine particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter ≤2.5 μm (PM2.5) and its constituents may be obesogenic in children, but evidence from adults is lacking. Our aim was to characterize the association between PM2.5 and its constituents and obesity in adults. Methods: We included 68,914 participants from the China Multi-Ethnic Cohort (CMEC) baseline survey. Three-year average concentrations of PM2.5 and its constituents were evaluated by linking pollutant estimates to the geocoded residential addresses. Obesity was defined as body mass index (BMI) ≥ 28 kg/m2. Logistic regression was used to examine the relationship between PM2.5 and its constituents and obesity. We performed weighed quantile sum (WQS) regression to get the overall effect of PM2.5 and its constituents and the relative contribution of each constituent. Results: Per-SD increase in PM2.5 (odds ratio [OR] = 1.43, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.37–1.49), black carbon (BC) (1.42, 1.36–1.48), ammonium (1.43, 1.37–1.49), nitrate (1.44, 1.38–1.50), organic matter (OM) (1.45, 1.39–1.51), sulfate (1.42, 1.35–1.48), and soil particles (SOIL) (1.31, 1.27–1.36) were positively associated with obesity, and SS (0.60, 0.55–0.65) was negatively associated with obesity. The overall effect (OR = 1.34, 95% CI: 1.29–1.41) of the PM2.5 and its constituents was positively associated with obesity, and ammonium made the most contribution to this relationship. Participants who were older, female, never smoked, lived in urban areas, had lower income or higher levels of physical activity were more significantly adversely affected by PM2.5, BC, ammonium, nitrate, OM, sulfate and SOIL compared to other individuals. Conclusion: Our study revealed that PM2.5 constituents except SS were positively associated with obesity, and ammonium played the most important role. These findings provided new evidence for public health interventions, especially the precise prevention and control of obesity. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Algae-Derived Natural Products in Diabetes and Its Complications—Current Advances and Future Prospects; Diabetes poses a significant global health challenge, necessitating innovative therapeutic strategies. Natural products and their derivatives have emerged as promising candidates for diabetes management due to their diverse compositions and pharmacological effects. Algae, in particular, have garnered attention for their potential as a source of bioactive compounds with anti-diabetic properties. This review offers a comprehensive overview of algae-derived natural products for diabetes management, highlighting recent developments and future prospects. It underscores the pivotal role of natural products in diabetes care and delves into the diversity of algae, their bioactive constituents, and underlying mechanisms of efficacy. Noteworthy algal derivatives with substantial potential are briefly elucidated, along with their specific contributions to addressing distinct aspects of diabetes. The challenges and limitations inherent in utilizing algae for therapeutic interventions are examined, accompanied by strategic recommendations for optimizing their effectiveness. By addressing these considerations, this review aims to chart a course for future research in refining algae-based approaches. Leveraging the multifaceted pharmacological activities and chemical components of algae holds significant promise in the pursuit of novel antidiabetic treatments. Through continued research and the fine-tuning of algae-based interventions, the global diabetes burden could be mitigated, ultimately leading to enhanced patient outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
Separation detection of saccharides in whole blood using an electrodynamic microfluidic channel sensor with AuCo dendrite-anchored conductive polymer; A simple method for separation detection of saccharides in whole blood was developed using an electrodynamic microfluidic channel coupled with an external catalytic sensor. The device demonstrated that saccharides and isomers were precisely separated according to the molecular weight and the dipole moment by the small AC potential applied symmetrically on the channel walls. To attain a selective and sensitive saccharide sensor, different types of nanostructured catalysts of Au, AuZn, AuCu, and AuNi were synthesized and examined. Among them, AuCo dendrite revealed the best sensor performance, and it was stabilized through anchoring on a polyterthiophene benzoate (pTBA) layer. The calibration plots for eight standard saccharides display the linear ranges between 0.1 × 10−3 and 9.0 mM, with the detection limits ranging from 6.6 × 10−5 ± 1.9 × 10−6 to 1.6 × 10−4 ± 6.1 × 10−6 mM. The interference effects and the method reliability were assessed by determining thirteen saccharides in the human blood sample. The average glucose concentration was 4.87 ± 0.48 mM, which was consistent with that obtained with a commercial glucometer at 95% confidence, while all the other saccharides ranged from 1.4 × 10−3 to 6.8 × 10−5 mM. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Effect of total flavonoids from hawthorn leaf on antioxidant enzyme activity and related gene expression in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice; Diabetes is a serious hazard to human health, and its pathogenesis is related to oxidative stress. Hawthorn (Crataegus pinnatifida Bunge) is a fruit-bearing shrub as a medicinal substance, in which total flavonoids from hawthorn leaf (TF-HL) have favorable antioxidant properties. To explore the antioxidant effect of TFHL on diabetic mice, 84 four-week-old SPF male ICR mice were randomly divided into control group, model control group, DMSO model control group, model groups with high-, medium-and low-dose of TFHL and positive control group, there was no significant difference in body mass among all groups. The mice in each model group were intraperitoneally injected with 1% streptozotocin (STZ) at 150 mg/kg to construct STZ-induced diabetic mice, and the control group were injected with the same amount of sodium citrate solution. After the successful preparation of the model, the patients were given different concentrations of TFHL, or metformin hydrochloride or DMSO or water daily for 28 days. Then, enzyme activities of speroxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-PX), total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) and malondialdehyde (MDA) content in serum and liver tissues of mice were measured by the reagent kit method; the expression of antioxidant genes SOD-1, S0D-2, GPX-1 and GPX-4 were detected by Real-time PCR. The results showed that TFHL significantly increased the activities of SOD, T-AOC and GSH-PX in the serum and liver of diabetic mice (P < 0. 01), and reduced the content of MDA (P < 0. 01). meanwhile the expression of SOD-l, SOD-2, GPX-1 and GPX-4 genes were increased in the liver of diabetic mice after treated with TFHL. These data suggested that TFHL can improve the oxidative stress in STZ-induced diabetic mice and enhance their antioxidant capacity. © 2023 Science China Press. All Rights Reserved.
Role of plant-based bioactive nutritional or dietary supplements in the metabolic syndrome of women and children during Covid-19; Metabolic syndrome includes obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D) mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and inflammation showing detrimental result in women and children on the immune response to COVID-19. The plants are the best sources for the production of bioactive compounds like polyphenol, flavonoids, etc. (Keservani and Sharma, 2014). These compounds have properties to improve the functionality of many receptors (insulin IR, AMPK, TNF, and TNFR, cytokine receptor, IL-1, ILR, TNF, TNFR, and PPARG) that can control internal factors (LDL, VLDL, HDL, triglycerides, glucose level, C-reactive protein (CRP), erythrocytes, heart rate and blood pressure) which eventually reduces the risk of metabolic syndrome. The processing, digestibility, and functionality of bioactive constituents from plants helps in the consumption of nutraceutical supplements through many government schemes and decreases the cases of metabolic syndrome in many countries. © 2023 Apple Academic Press, Inc.
Prebiotics Progress Shifts in the Intestinal Microbiome That Benefits Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Hypoglycemic medications that could be co-administered with prebiotics and functional foods can potentially reduce the burden of metabolic diseases such as Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). The efficacy of drugs such as metformin and sulfonylureas can be enhanced by the activity of the intestinal microbiome elaborated metabolites. Functional foods such as prebiotics (e.g., oligofructose) and dietary fibers can treat a dysbiotic gut microbiome by enhancing the diversity of microbial niches in the gut. These beneficial shifts in intestinal microbiome profiles include an increased abundance of bacteria such as Faecalibacterium prauznitzii, Akkermancia muciniphila, Roseburia species, and Bifidobacterium species. An important net effect is an increase in the levels of luminal SCFAs (e.g., butyrate) that provide energy carbon sources for the intestinal microbiome in cross-feeding activities, with concomitant improvement in intestinal dysbiosis with attenuation of inflammatory sequalae and improved intestinal gut barrier integrity, which alleviates the morbidity of T2DM. Oligosaccharides administered adjunctively with pharmacotherapy to ameliorate T2DM represent current plausible treatment modalities. © 2023 by the authors.
The Role of Hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) as a Functional Food in Vegetarian Nutrition; Recently, there has been a renewed interest in Cannabis sativa and its uses. The recreational use of inflorescences as a source of THC has led to the legal restriction of C. sativa cultivation to limit the detrimental effects of psychotropic substance abuse on health. However, this has also limited the cultivation of textile/industrial varieties with a low content of THC used for textile and nutritional purposes. While previously the bans had significantly penalized the cultivation of C. sativa, today many countries discriminate between recreational use (marijuana) and industrial and food use (hemp). The stalks of industrial hemp (low in psychotropic substances) have been used extensively for textile purposes while the seeds are nutritionally versatile. From hemp seeds, it is possible to obtain flours applicable in the bakery sector, oils rich in essential fatty acids, proteins with a high biological value and derivatives for fortification, supplementation and nutraceutical purposes. Hemp seed properties seem relevant for vegetarian diets, due to their high nutritional value and underestimated employment in the food sector. Hemp seed and their derivatives are a valuable source of protein, essential fatty acids and minerals that could provide additional benefit to vegetarian nutrition. This document aims to explore the information available in the literature about hemp seeds from a nutritional point of view, highlighting possible beneficial effects for humans with particular attention to vegetarian nutrition as a supplemental option for a well-planned diet. © 2023 by the authors.
Aetiology of Type 2 diabetes in people with a ‘normal’ body mass index: testing the personal fat threshold hypothesis; Weight loss in overweight or obese individuals with Type 2 diabetes (T2D) can normalize hepatic fat metabolism, decrease fatty acid oversupply to β cells and restore normoglycaemia. One in six people has BMI <27 kg/m2 at diagnosis, and their T2D is assumed to have different aetiology. The Personal Fat Threshold hypothesis postulated differing individual thresholds for lipid overspill and adverse effects on β-cell function. To test this hypothesis, people with Type 2 diabetes and body mass index <27kg/m2 (n = 20) underwent repeated 5% weight loss cycles. Metabolic assessments were carried out at stable weight after each cycle and after 12 months. To determine how closely metabolic features returned to normal, 20 matched normoglycemic controls were studied once. Between baseline and 12 months: BMI fell (mean +− SD), 24.8 +− 0.4 to 22.5 +− 0.4 kg/m2 (P<0.0001) (controls: 21.5 +− 0.5); total body fat, 32.1 +− 1.5 to 27.6 +− 1.8% (P<0.0001) (24.6 +− 1.5). Liver fat content and fat export fell to normal as did fasting plasma insulin. Post-meal insulin secretion increased but remained subnormal. Sustained diabetes remission (HbA1c < 48 mmol/mol off all glucose-lowering agents) was achieved by 70% (14/20) by initial weight loss of 6.5 (5.5–10.2)%. Correction of concealed excess intra-hepatic fat reduced hepatic fat export, with recovery of β-cell function, glycaemic improvement in all and return to a non-diabetic metabolic state in the majority of this group with BMI <27 kg/m2 as previously demonstrated for overweight or obese groups. The data confirm the Personal Fat Threshold hypothesis: aetiology of Type 2 diabetes does not depend on BMI. This pathophysiological insight has major implications for management. © 2023 The Author(s). This is an open access article published by Portland Press Limited on behalf of the Biochemical Society and distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0 (CC BY).
Correlation of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease with Dietary Folate and Serum Folate in U.S. Adults: Cross-Sectional Analyses from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2009–2018; Background and Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a global health problem, and dietary intervention is still considered one of the primary interventions. This study aimed to examine cross-sectional associations between dietary and serum levels of folate and NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a study of 7543 adults who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2009–2018. NAFLD status was determined by a fatty liver index (FLI) value ‡60. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to estimate associations between folate and NAFLD. Results: Almost half (45%) of the patients were classified as having NAFLD based on the FLI. In the fully adjusted model, participants in the highest quartile of dietary total folate and food folate were found to have a lower prevalence of NAFLD than those in the lowest quartile [odds ratio (OR)quartile 4 versus 1 = 0.582; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.350–0.968; and ORquartile 4 versus 1 = 0.737; 95% CI = 0.611–0.888, respectively], and the fourth quartile values of serum total folate and 5-methyl-tetrahydrofolate were significantly negatively associated with NAFLD prevalence (ORquartile 4 versus 1 = 0.664; 95% CI = 0.495–0.891; and ORquartile 4 versus 1 = 0.712; 95% CI = 0.532–0.954, respectively). Subgroup analyses revealed that this beneficial association was more significant in women (ORquartile 4 versus 1 = 0.526; 95% CI = 0.329–0.843; pinteraction < 0.001) than in men (ORquartile 4 versus 1 = 0.805; 95% CI = 0.546–1.186). Conclusions: Higher dietary folate intake and serum folate levels are associated with a lower NAFLD prevalence among U.S. adults and the trend is more pronounced among women, indicating opportunities for dietary NAFLD interventions. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Physical exercise and persistent organic pollutants; Exposure to the legacy and emerging persistent organic pollutants (POPs) incessantly has become an important threat to individual health, which is closely related to neurodevelopment, endocrine and cardiovascular homeostasis. Exercise, on the other hand, has been consistently shown to improve physical fitness. Whereas associations between traditional air pollutants, exercise and lung function have been thoroughly reviewed, reviews on associations between persistent organic pollutants and exercise are scarce. Hence, a literature review focused on exercise, exposure to POPs, and health risk assessment was performed for studies published from 2004 to 2022. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of exposure pathways and levels of POPs during exercise, as well as the impact of exercise on health concerns attributable to the redistribution, metabolism, and excretion of POPs in vivo. Therein lies a broader array of exercise benefits, including insulin sensitizing, mitochondrial DNA repair, lipid metabolism and intestinal microecological balance. Physical exercise is conducive to reduce POPs body burden and resistant to health hazards of POPs generally. Besides, individual lipid metabolism condition is a critical factor in evaluating potential link in exercise, POPs and health effects. © 2023 The Authors
The association between circulatory, local pancreatic PCSK9 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The effects of antidiabetic drugs on PCSK9; Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) is a potent modulator of cholesterol metabolism and plays a crucial role in the normal functioning of pancreatic islets and the progression of diabetes. Islet autocrine PCSK9 deficiency can lead to the enrichment of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor (LDLR) and excessive LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) uptake, subsequently impairing the insulin secretion in β-cells. Circulatory PCSK9 levels are primarily attributed to hepatocyte secretion. Notably, anti-PCSK9 strategies proposed for individuals with hypercholesterolemia chiefly target liver-derived PCSK9; however, these anti-PCSK9 strategies have been associated with the risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus (NODM). In the current review, we highlight a new direction in PCSK9 inhibition therapy strategies: screening candidates for anti-PCSK9 from the drugs used in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) treatment. We explored the association between circulating, local pancreatic PCSK9 and T2DM, as well as the relationship between PCSK9 monoclonal antibodies and NODM. We discussed the emergence of artificial and natural drugs in recent years, exhibiting dual benefits of antidiabetic activity and PCSK9 reduction, confirming that the diverse effects of these drugs may potentially impact the progression of diabetes and associated disorders, thereby introducing novel avenues and methodologies to enhance disease prognosis. © 2023 The Authors
Tannic Acid Ameliorates Systemic Glucose and Lipid Metabolic Impairment Induced by Low-Dose T-2 Toxin Exposure; Subacute mycotoxin exposure in food is commonly overlooked. As one of the most toxic trichothecene mycotoxins, the T-2 toxin severely pollutes human foods and animal feeds. In our study, we investigated the effects of low-dose T-2 toxin on glucose and lipid metabolic function and further investigated the protective effect of tannic acid (TA) in C57BL/6J mice. Results showed that low-dose T-2 toxin significantly impaired blood glucose and lipid homeostasis, promoted ferroptosis in the pancreas and subsequent repression of insulin secretion in β-cells, and impacted hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism by targeted inhibition of the insulin receptor substrate (IRS)/phosphatidylin-ositol-3-kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT) signaling pathway, which induced insulin resistance and steatosis in the liver. TA treatment attenuated pancreatic function and hepatic metabolism by ameliorating oxidative stress and insulin resistance in mice. These findings provide new perspectives on the toxic mechanism and intervention of chronic subacute toxicity of foodborne mycotoxins. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Fatty Acid Composition of a Maternal Diet and Erythrocyte Phospholipid Status in Latvian Pregnant Women; Background and Objectives: Dietary fats are essential for maternal and fetal health. Fatty acids (FAs) in erythrocytes characterize the FA profile, which is influenced by diet and other factors. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between the main FAs in erythrocyte membrane phospholipids and their influencing factors—dietary fat and supplement intake and lifestyle factors—in Latvian pregnant women. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study included 236 pregnant and postpartum women. The data were collected from medical documentation, a food frequency questionnaire, and a questionnaire on demographic, lifestyle, health status, and nutritional habits in outpatient clinics and maternity departments. FAs in erythrocyte membrane phospholipids were determined using gas chromatography. Results: Correlations were found between dietary SFAs and erythrocyte SFAs (r = −0.140, p = 0.032) and PUFAs (r = 0.167, p = 0.01) and between dietary PUFAs and erythrocyte MUFAs (r = −0.143, p = 0.028). Dietary SFAs, MUFAs, and PUFAs positively correlated with the studied n-3 and n-6 FAs in erythrocytes. Vitamin D correlated positively with MUFA and negatively with total PUFA and AA in erythrocytes. There was a negative correlation between dietary vitamin A and linoleic acid in erythrocytes. Physical activity negatively correlated with erythrocyte MUFAs and positively with erythrocyte PUFAs. Alcohol consumption positively correlated with erythrocyte SFAs and negatively with erythrocyte PUFAs. Conclusions: There are indications that some dietary FAs may be correlated with erythrocyte FAs. Possible influencing factors for this association are alcohol, physical activity, vitamin D, and vitamin A. © 2023 by the authors.
The Effect of Visfatin Rs61330082 Gene Polymorphism on Serum Level of Visfatin, Type 2 Diabetes and Insulin Resistance in an Iranian Population; Background: Type 2 diabetes is a metabolic disease and the most common endocrine disorder. Visfatin is a cytokine with insulin-mimetic effects which is associated with diabetes. The rs61330082 polymorphism is located in the promoter region of visfatin gene and regulates visfatin gene expression. The aim of this study is to investigate the association of rs61330082 polymorphism of the visfatin gene with biochemical and anthropometric variables, visfatin level, diabetes and insulin resistance. Methods: This case-control study was performed on 80 patients with type 2 diabetes and 80 controls (persons without diabetes). Biochemical and anthropometric parameters were determined using standard methods. Insulin and visfatin levels were measured by ELISA method. Genotype was determined by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method. The data was analyzed with SPSS software. Results: LDL-C level in healthy people and fasting blood sugar level in patients showed a significant difference in carriers of rs61330082 polymorphism genotypes. No associations was found between visfatin level and single nucleotide polymorphism rs61330082 in the current study. Regression analysis showed that genotypes of rs61330082 polymorphism are not significantly associated with type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance. Conclusion: The rs61330082 polymorphism is associated with LDL-C in healthy subjects and FBS in patients with T2D. Visfatin rs61330082 polymorphism is not associated with visfatin level and type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance. © 2023 Iranian Journal of Diabetes and Metabolism and Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Clinical and Translational Imaging and Sensing of Diabetic Microangiopathy: A Narrative Review; Microvascular changes in diabetes affect the function of several critical organs, such as the kidneys, heart, brain, eye, and skin, among others. The possibility of detecting such changes early enough in order to take appropriate actions renders the development of appropriate tools and techniques an imperative need. To this end, several sensing and imaging techniques have been developed or employed in the assessment of microangiopathy in patients with diabetes. Herein, we present such techniques; we provide insights into their principles of operation while discussing the characteristics that make them appropriate for such use. Finally, apart from already established techniques, we present novel ones with great translational potential, such as optoacoustic technologies, which are expected to enter clinical practice in the foreseeable future. © 2023 by the authors.
2023 Clinical Practice Guidelines for Diabetes Mellitus of the Korean Diabetes Association; In May 2023, the Committee of Clinical Practice Guidelines of the Korean Diabetes Association published the revised clinical practice guidelines for Korean adults with diabetes and prediabetes. We incorporated the latest clinical research findings through a comprehensive systematic literature review and applied them in a manner suitable for the Korean population. These guidelines are designed for all healthcare providers nationwide, including physicians, diabetes experts, and certified diabetes educators who manage patients with diabetes or individuals at risk of developing diabetes. Based on recent changes in international guidelines and the results of a Korean epidemiological study, the recommended age for diabetes screening has been lowered. In collaboration with the relevant Korean medical societies, recently revised guidelines for managing hypertension and dyslipidemia in patients with diabetes have been incorporated into this guideline. An abridgment containing practical information on patient education and systematic management in the clinic was published separately. Copyright © 2023 Korean Diabetes Association.
Vitamin D and calcium co-therapy mitigates pre-established cadmium nephropathy by regulating renal calcium homeostatic molecules and improving anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory activities in rat; Background: Cadmium (Cd) is a major environmental pollutant and chronic toxicity could induce nephropathy by increasing renal oxidative stress and inflammation. Although vitamin D (VD) and calcium (Ca) prophylactic treatments attenuated Cd-induced cell injury, none of the prior studies measure their renoprotective effects against pre-established Cd-nephropathy. Aims: To measure the alleviating effects of VD and/or Ca single and dual therapies against pre-established nephrotoxicity induced by chronic Cd toxicity prior to treatment initiation. Methods: Forty male adult rats were allocated into: negative controls (NC), positive controls (PC), Ca, VD and VC groups. The study lasted for eight weeks and all animals, except the NC, received CdCl2 in drinking water (44 mg/L) throughout the study. Ca (100 mg/kg) and/or VD (350 IU/kg) were given (five times/week) during the last four weeks to the designated groups. Subsequently, the expression of transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β1), inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), kidney injury molecule-1 (KIM-1), VD synthesising (Cyp27b1) and catabolizing (Cyp24a1) enzymes with VD receptor (VDR) and binding protein (VDBP) was measured in renal tissues. Similarly, renal expression of Ca voltage-dependent channels (CaV1.1/CaV3.1), store-operated channels (RyR1/ITPR1), and binding proteins (CAM/CAMKIIA/S100A1/S100B) were measured. Serum markers of renal function alongside several markers of oxidative stress (MDA/H2O2/GSH/GPx/CAT) and inflammation (IL-6/TNF-α/IL-10) together with renal cell apoptosis and expression of caspase-3 were also measured. Results: The PC group exhibited hypovitaminosis D, hypocalcaemia, hypercalciuria, proteinuria, reduced creatinine clearance, and increased renal apoptosis/necrosis with higher caspase-3 expression. Markers of renal tissue damage (TGF-β1/iNOS/NGAL/KIM-1), oxidative stress (MDA/H2O2), and inflammation (TNF-α/IL-1β/IL-6) increased, whilst the antioxidants (GSH/GPx/CAT) and IL-10 decreased, in the PC group. The PC renal tissues also showed abnormal expression of Cyp27b1, Cyp24a1, VDR, and VDBP, alongside Ca-membranous (CaV1.1/CaV3.1) and store-operated channels (RyR1/ITPR1) and cytosolic Ca-binding proteins (CAM/CAMKIIA/S100A1/S100B). Although VD was superior to Ca monotherapy, their combination revealed the best mitigation effects by attenuating serum and renal tissue Cd concentrations, inflammation and oxidative stress, alongside modulating the expression of VD/Ca-molecules. Conclusions: This study is the first to show improved alleviations against Cd-nephropathy by co-supplementing VD and Ca, possibly by better regulation of Ca-dependent anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory actions. © 2023 Elsevier GmbH
Neuroprotective Effects of Phenolic Antioxidant Tert-butylhydroquinone (tBHQ) in Brain Diseases; Human life and health are gravely threatened by brain diseases. The onset and progression of the illnesses are influenced by a variety of factors, including pathogenic causes, environmental factors, mental issues, etc. According to scientific studies, neuroinflammation and oxidative stress play a significant role in the development and incidence of brain diseases by producing pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidative tissue damage to induce inflammation and apoptosis. Neuroinflammation, oxidative stress, and oxidative stress-related changes are inseparable factors in the etiology of several brain diseases. Numerous neurodegenerative diseases have undergone substantial research into the therapeutic alternatives that target oxidative stress, the function of oxidative stress, and the possible therapeutic use of antioxidants. Formerly, tBHQ is a synthetic phenolic antioxidant, which has been widely used as a food additive. According to recent researches, tBHQ can suppress the processes that lead to neuroinflammation and oxidative stress, which offers a fresh approach to treating brain diseases. In order to achieve the goal of decreasing inflammation and apoptosis, tBHQ is a specialized nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor (Nrf2) activator that decreases oxidative stress and enhances antioxidant status by upregulating the Nrf2 gene and reducing nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB) activity. This article reviews the effects of tBHQ on neuroinflammation and oxidative stress in recent years and looks into how tBHQ inhibits neuroinflammation and oxidative stress through human, animal, and cell experiments to play a neuroprotective role in Alzheimer’s disease (AD), stroke, depression, and Parkinson’s disease (PD). It is anticipated that this article will be useful as a reference for upcoming research and the creation of drugs to treat brain diseases. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Relationship between chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and adiponectin concentrations: An updated meta-analysis and single-cell RNA sequencing; Background: Adipose tissue, being an organ of the endocrine system, can influence the severity of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Even though several inflammatory markers can potentially significantly influence lung function, the precise function of adipokines, like adiponectin, in COPD is still disputed. To analyze the association of COPD with adiponectin concentrations, a meta-analysis of the most recent literature and single-cell sequencing data were conducted. Methods: Studies in Embase, PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science were browsed to obtain relevant data, which were then assessed with the aid of R 4.1.3 and STATA 11.0 software. Standardized mean differences and correlation coefficients aided the analysis of effect values. Moreover, a single-cell sequencing GSE136831 dataset was retrieved to ascertain the mRNA expression of adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) in the lung tissue of COPD patients to confirm the difference in the expression of adiponectin between the case and control groups. Results: This meta-analysis comprised 18 publications involving 24 studies. The overall combined data established the concentration of plasma/serum adiponectin as significantly higher in patients with COPD compared to healthy subjects. Subgroup analyses based on disease status, specimen type, ethnicity, study design method, measurement method, and age of COPD patients demonstrated that all patients with COPD had elevated levels of adiponectin compared to healthy controls. When subgroup analysis was performed for gender alone, the results depicted that male COPD patients had significantly higher adiponectin than healthy males, while female patients of COPD had elevated adiponectin compared to healthy females. Furthermore, it was found that plasma/serum adiponectin appeared to be positively correlated with tumor necrosis factor-α, and it was negatively correlated with FEV1% and FEV1/FVC. The results of single-cell sequencing data suggested that ADIPOQ mRNA was mainly expressed in alveolar epithelial cells, and the level of ADIPOQ mRNA was higher in lung tissues of patients with COPD than in lung tissues of healthy subjects. Conclusion: This meta-analysis suggests that the levels of plasma/serum adiponectin are significantly elevated in patients with COPD versus controls. Tumor necrosis factor-α, FEV1/FVC, and FEV1% may all be associated with the concentrations of adiponectin. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary polyphenols on maternal and fetal outcomes in maternal diabetes; The incidences of short-term or long-term adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by maternal diabetes are increasing. Due to toxicity or side effects, economic pressures, and other problems associated with injections or oral hypoglycemic drugs, many researchers have investigated natural treatment methods. Polyphenols can protect against chronic pathologies by regulating numerous physiological processes and provide many health benefits. Moreover, polyphenols have anti-diabetic properties and can be used to treat diabetic complications. Diets rich in polyphenols are beneficial to pregnant women with diabetes. Here, we review the epidemiological and experimental evidence on the impact of dietary polyphenols on maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with diabetes, and the effects of polyphenols on biological changes and possible mechanisms. Previous data (mainly from in vitro and animal experiments) showed that polyphenols can alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetic embryopathy by reducing maternal hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, alleviating inflammation and oxidative stress, and regulating related signaling pathways. Although polyphenols have shown many health benefits, further research is needed to better understand the complex interactions between polyphenols and maternal diabetes. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry
FTZ polysaccharides ameliorate kidney injury in diabetic mice by regulating gut-kidney axis; Background: The Fufang-zhenzhu-tiaozhi formula (FTZ), a traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) commonly used to treat metabolic diseases, potentially impacts the microbial ecosystem. Increasing evidence suggests that polysaccharides, bioactive components of TCMs, have great potential on kinds of diseases such as DKD by regulating intestinal flora. Purpose: This study aimed to investigate whether the polysaccharide components in FTZ (FTZPs) have beneficial effects in DKD mice via the gut-kidney axis. Study design and methods: The DKD model in mice was established by streptozotocin combined with a high-fat diet (STZ/HFD). Losartan was used as a positive control, and FTZPs were administered at doses of 100 and 300 mg/kg daily. Renal histological changes were measured by H&E and Masson staining. Western blotting, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (q-PCR) and immunohistochemistry were performed to analyze the effects of FTZPs on renal inflammation and fibrosis, which were further confirmed using RNA sequencing. Immunofluorescence was used to analyze the effects of FTZPs on colonic barrier function in DKD mice. Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) was used to evaluate the contribution of intestinal flora. 16S rRNA sequencing was utilized to analyze the composition of intestinal bacteria, and UPLC-QTOF-MS-based untargeted metabolomics was used to identify the metabolite profiles. Results: Treatment with FTZPs attenuated kidney injury, as indicated by the decreased urinary albumin/creatinine ratio and improved renal architecture. FTZPs downregulated the expression of renal genes associated with inflammation, fibrosis, and systematically blunted related pathways. FTZPs also restored the colonic mucosal barrier and increased the expression of tight junction proteins (E-cadherin). The FMT experiment confirmed the substantial contribution of the FTZPs-reshaped microbiota to relieving DKD symptoms. Moreover, FTZPs elevated the content of short-chain fatty acids (propionic acid and butanoic acid) and increased the level of the SCFAs transporter Slc22a19. Intestinal flora disorders caused by diabetes, including the growth of the genera Weissella, Enterococcus and Akkermansia, were inhibited by FTZPs treatment. Spearman's analysis revealed that these bacteria were positively correlated with indicators of renal damage. Conclusion: These results show that oral administration of FTZPs, by altering SCFAs levels and the gut microbiome, is a therapeutic strategy for the treatment of DKD. © 2023
Could Cyclosiversioside F Serve as a Dietary Supplement to Prevent Obesity and Relevant Disorders?; Obesity is the basis of numerous metabolic diseases and has become a major public health issue due to its rapidly increasing prevalence. Nevertheless, current obesity therapeutic strategies are not sufficiently effective, so there is an urgent need to develop novel anti-obesity agents. Naturally occurring saponins with outstanding bio-activities have been considered promising drug leads and templates for human diseases. Cyclosiversioside F (CSF) is a paramount multi-functional saponin separated from the roots of the food-medicinal herb Astragali Radix, which possesses a broad spectrum of bioactivities, including lowering blood lipid and glucose, alleviating insulin resistance, relieving adipocytes inflammation, and anti-apoptosis. Recently, the therapeutic potential of CSF in obesity and relevant disorders has been gradually explored and has become a hot research topic. This review highlights the role of CSF in treating obesity and obesity-induced complications, such as diabetes mellitus, diabetic nephropathy, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Remarkably, the underlying molecular mechanisms associated with CSF in disease therapy have been partially elucidated, especially PI3K/Akt, NF-κB, MAPK, apoptotic pathway, TGF-β, NLRP3, Nrf-2, and AMPK, with the aim of promoting the development of CSF as a functional food and providing references for its clinical application in obesity-related disorders therapy. © 2023 by the authors.
In vitro evaluation of the antidiabetic efficacy of mushrooms; Medicinal mushrooms have been valued as a traditional source of natural bioactive compounds over several decades and have been targeted as potential hypoglycemic and antidiabetic agents. A large number of in vitro studies have reported significant antidiabetic efficacy of a wide array of mushroom extracts and isolated mycoconstituents that impart their antidiabetic effects by modulating the activity of enzymes like α-glycosidase and aldose reductase: displaying insulin-like or insulin potentiating action: and DPPH-free radical scavenging activity that potentially neutralizes the oxidized "advanced glycated end products" (AGEs). The significant in vitro hypoglycemic effect and the corresponding in vivo antidiabetic activity exhibited by various mushrooms investigated emphasizes the fact that these macrofungi could potentially serve as a promising source of medicine and have the potential to serve as functional food and in addition the extract and its fractions may be explored for the development of natural product-based pharmaceuticals. © 2023 Apple Academic Press, Inc. All rights reserved.
Unraveling Obesity: Transgenerational Inheritance, Treatment Side Effects, Flavonoids, Mechanisms, Microbiota, Redox Balance, and Bioavailability—A Narrative Review; Obesity is known as a transgenerational vicious cycle and has become a global burden due to its unavoidable complications. Modern approaches to obesity management often involve the use of pharmaceutical drugs and surgeries that have been associated with negative side effects. In contrast, natural antioxidants, such as flavonoids, have emerged as a promising alternative due to their potential health benefits and minimal side effects. Thus, this narrative review explores the potential protective role of flavonoids as a natural antioxidant in managing obesity. To identify recent in vivo studies on the efficiency of flavonoids in managing obesity, a comprehensive search was conducted on Wiley Online Library, Scopus, Nature, and ScienceDirect. The search was limited to the past 10 years; from the search, we identified 31 articles to be further reviewed. Based on the reviewed articles, we concluded that flavonoids offer novel therapeutic strategies for preventing obesity and its associated co-morbidities. This is because the appropriate dosage of flavonoid compounds is able to reduce adipose tissue mass, the formation of intracellular free radicals, enhance endogenous antioxidant defences, modulate the redox balance, and reduce inflammatory signalling pathways. Thus, this review provides an insight into the domain of a natural product therapeutic approach for managing obesity and recapitulates the transgenerational inheritance of obesity, the current available treatments to manage obesity and its side effects, flavonoids and their sources, the molecular mechanism involved, the modulation of gut microbiota in obesity, redox balance, and the bioavailability of flavonoids. In toto, although flavonoids show promising positive outcome in managing obesity, a more comprehensive understanding of the molecular mechanisms responsible for the advantageous impacts of flavonoids—achieved through translation to clinical trials—would provide a novel approach to inculcating flavonoids in managing obesity in the future as this review is limited to animal studies. © 2023 by the authors.
Insulin Resistance and Hypertension: Mechanisms Involved and Modifying Factors for Effective Glucose Control; Factors such as aging, an unhealthy lifestyle with decreased physical activity, snacking, a standard Western diet, and smoking contribute to raising blood pressure to a dangerous level, increasing the risk of coronary artery disease and heart failure. Atherosclerosis, or aging of the blood vessels, is a physiological process that has accelerated in the last decades by the overconsumption of carbohydrates as the primary sources of caloric intake, resulting in increased triglycerides and VLDL-cholesterol and insulin spikes. Classically, medications ranging from beta blockers to angiotensin II blockers and even calcium channel blockers were used alone or in combination with lifestyle modifications as management tools in modern medicine to control arterial blood pressure. However, it is not easy to control blood pressure or the associated complications. A low-carbohydrate, high-fat (LCHF) diet can reduce glucose and insulin spikes, improve insulin sensitivity, and lessen atherosclerosis risk factors. We reviewed articles describing the etiology of insulin resistance (IR) and its impact on arterial blood pressure from databases including PubMed, PubMed Central, and Google Scholar. We discuss how the LCHF diet is beneficial to maintaining arterial blood pressure at normal levels, slowing down the progression of atherosclerosis, and reducing the use of antihypertensive medications. The mechanisms involved in IR associated with hypertension are also highlighted. © 2023 by the authors.
Obesity and Dyslipidemia: A Review of Current Evidence; Purpose of Review: Obesity is accompanied by atherogenic dyslipidemia, a specific lipid disorder characterized by both quantitative and qualitative changes of plasma lipoproteins. The main alterations in the lipid profile include hypertriglyceridemia, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level, and elevated small dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles. Epidemiological data show that obesity is more common in women and is a frequent risk factor for reproductive disorders, metabolic complications in pregnancy, and cardiometabolic disease later in life. The aim of this narrative review is to discuss recent advances in the research of dyslipidemia in obesity, with an emphasis on female-specific disorders and cardiometabolic risk. Recent Findings: The focus of current research on dyslipidemia in obesity is moving toward structurally and functionally modified plasma lipoproteins. Special attention is paid to the pro-atherogenic role of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and their remnants. Introduction of advanced analytical techniques enabled identification of novel lipid biomarkers with potential clinical applications. In particular, proteomic and lipidomic studies have provided significant progress in the comprehensive research of HDL’s alterations in obesity. Obesity-related dyslipidemia is a widespread metabolic disturbance in polycystic ovary syndrome patients and high-risk pregnancies, but is seldom evaluated with respect to its impact on future cardiometabolic health. Summary: Obesity and associated cardiometabolic diseases require a more depth insight into the quality of lipoprotein particles. Further application of omics-based techniques would enable a more comprehensive evaluation of dyslipidemia in order to reduce an excessive cardiovascular risk attributable to increased body weight. However, more studies on obesity-related female reproductive disorders are needed for this approach to be adopted in daily clinical practice. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Terminalia catappa Leaf Abrogates Diabetes-induced Dyslipidaemia in Type 2 Diabetic Rats by Upregulating Lipid Metabolic Genes; Background and objectives: This study examined the abrogative role of Terminalia catappa (T. catappa) leaf aqueous extract (TCLAE) on diabetes-induced dyslipidaemia in obese diabetic rats. Methods: Diabetic animals were induced by fat-rich feed for eight weeks and intraperitoneal streptozotocin (STZ, 30 mg/ kg bw) injection, while glibenclamide (10 mg/kg bw) and TCLAE-graded doses were administered for four weeks. Then, the biomarkers for diabetes, liver function, lipid profile, cardiovascular indices, and liver histology were investigated, in addition to the hepatic expression of some lipid metabolic genes. Results: TCLAE reduced the diabetes-induced fasting blood glucose, weight loss, insulin, alanine transaminase, bilirubin, cholesterol (CHOL), triglyceride (TRIG), low-density lipoprotein-CHOL and -TRIG, high-density lipoprotein-TRIG, atherogenic, coronary risk, and other studied cardiovascular indices. The increase in high-density lipoprotein-CHOL, the upregulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR-α), PPAR delta (PPAR-δ), and carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1a, and the downregulation of C-reactive protein hepatic gene expression, in addition to the reversal of damaged liver histology, were observed in diabetic rats treated with TCLAE. Conclusion: T. catappa leaf mitigates diabetes-induced dyslipidaemia in type 2 diabetic rats by ameliorating the altered expression of lipid metabolic genes. © 2023 The Author(s).
Modulation of microRNAs through Lifestyle Changes in Alzheimer’s Disease; Lifestyle factors, including diet and physical activity (PA), are known beneficial strategies to prevent and delay Alzheimer’s disease (AD) development. Recently, microRNAs have emerged as potential biomarkers in multiple diseases, including AD. The aim of this review was to analyze the available information on the modulatory effect of lifestyle on microRNA expression in AD. Few studies have addressed this question, leaving important gaps and limitations: (1) in human studies, only circulating microRNAs were analyzed; (2) in mice studies, microRNA expression was only analyzed in brain tissue; (3) a limited number of microRNAs was analyzed; (4) no human nutritional intervention studies were conducted; and (5) PA interventions in humans and mice were poorly detailed and only included aerobic training. Despite this, some conclusions could be drawn. Circulating levels of let-7g-5p, miR-107, and miR-144-3p were associated with overall diet quality in mild cognitive impairment patients. In silico analysis showed that these microRNAs are implicated in synapse formation, microglia activation, amyloid beta accumulation, and pro-inflammatory pathways, the latter also being targeted by miR-129-5p and miR-192-5p, whose circulating levels are modified by PA in AD patients. PA also modifies miR-132, miR-15b-5p, miR-148b-3p, and miR-130a-5p expression in mice brains, which targets are related to the regulation of neuronal activity, ageing, and pro-inflammatory pathways. This supports the need to further explore lifestyle-related miRNA changes in AD, both as biomarkers and therapeutic targets. © 2023 by the authors.
Daily Early-Life Exposures to Diet Soda and Aspartame Are Associated with Autism in Males: A Case-Control Study; Since its introduction, aspartame—the leading sweetener in U.S. diet sodas (DS)—has been reported to cause neurological problems in some users. In prospective studies, the offspring of mothers who consumed diet sodas/beverages (DSB) daily during pregnancy experienced increased health problems. We hypothesized that gestational/early-life exposure to ≥1 DS/day (DSearly) or equivalent aspartame (ASPearly: ≥177 mg/day) increases autism risk. The case-control Autism Tooth Fairy Study obtained retrospective dietary recalls for DSB and aspartame consumption during pregnancy/breastfeeding from the mothers of 235 offspring with autism spectrum disorder (ASD: cases) and 121 neurotypically developing offspring (controls). The exposure odds ratios (ORs) for DSearly and ASPearly were computed for autism, ASD, and the non-regressive conditions of each. Among males, the DSearly odds were tripled for autism (OR = 3.1; 95% CI: 1.02, 9.7) and non-regressive autism (OR = 3.5; 95% CI: 1.1, 11.1); the ASPearly odds were even higher: OR = 3.4 (95% CI: 1.1, 10.4) and 3.7 (95% CI: 1.2, 11.8), respectively (p < 0.05 for each). The ORs for non-regressive ASD in males were almost tripled but were not statistically significant: DSearly OR = 2.7 (95% CI: 0.9, 8.4); ASPearly OR = 2.9 (95% CI: 0.9, 8.8). No statistically significant associations were found in females. Our findings contribute to the growing literature raising concerns about potential offspring harm from maternal DSB/aspartame intake in pregnancy. © 2023 by the authors.
Bioactive Properties, Bioavailability Profiles, and Clinical Evidence of the Potential Benefits of Black Pepper (Piper nigrum) and Red Pepper (Capsicum annum) against Diverse Metabolic Complications; The consumption of food-derived products, including the regular intake of pepper, is increasingly evaluated for its potential benefits in protecting against diverse metabolic complications. The current study made use of prominent electronic databases including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Scopus to retrieve clinical evidence linking the intake of black and red pepper with the amelioration of metabolic complications. The findings summarize evidence supporting the beneficial effects of black pepper (Piper nigrum L.), including its active ingredient, piperine, in improving blood lipid profiles, including reducing circulating levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides in overweight and obese individuals. The intake of piperine was also linked with enhanced antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties by increasing serum levels of superoxide dismutase while reducing those of malonaldehyde and C-reactive protein in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Evidence summarized in the current review also indicates that red pepper (Capsicum annum), together with its active ingredient, capsaicin, could promote energy expenditure, including limiting energy intake, which is likely to contribute to reduced fat mass in overweight and obese individuals. Emerging clinical evidence also indicates that pepper may be beneficial in alleviating complications linked with other chronic conditions, including osteoarthritis, oropharyngeal dysphagia, digestion, hemodialysis, and neuromuscular fatigue. Notably, the beneficial effects of pepper or its active ingredients appear to be more pronounced when used in combination with other bioactive compounds. The current review also covers essential information on the metabolism and bioavailability profiles of both pepper species and their main active ingredients, which are all necessary to understand their potential beneficial effects against metabolic diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Zinc supplementation and cardiovascular disease risk factors: A GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis; Background and objective: A deficit in zinc has been related to a higher probability of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative capabilities of zinc may have a wide range of therapeutic impacts on CVDs. We conducted a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of the possible impacts that zinc supplementation may have on the risk factors associated with CVDs. Methods: To identify eligible randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of zinc supplementation on CVDs risk factors, electronic databases including PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus were systematically searched up to January 2023. The heterogeneity of trials was checked using the I2 statistic. According to the heterogeneity tests, random effects models were estimated and pooled data were defined as the weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: Of 23165 initial records, 75 studies that met inclusion criteria were analyzed in this meta-analysis. The pooled findings indicated the significant lowering effects of zinc supplementation on triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), fasting blood glucose (FBG), Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C), Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), Tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), nitric oxide (NO), malondialdehyde (MDA), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and glutathione (GSH), with no noticeable effects on low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), insulin, systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), aspartate transaminase (AST), and Alanine aminotransferase (ALT). Conclusion: Overall, zinc supplementation may boost recognized coronary risk factors that contribute to the development of CVDs. Future research should be conducted to bolster our results. © 2023 Elsevier GmbH
A prospective cohort study of starchy and non-starchy vegetable intake and mortality risk; Whether starchy and non-starchy vegetables have distinct impacts on health remains unknown. We prospectively investigated the intake of starchy and non-starchy vegetables in relation to mortality risk in a nationwide cohort. Diet was assessed using 24-h dietary recalls. Deaths were identified via the record linkage to the National Death Index. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95 % CI were calculated using Cox regression. During a median follow-up of 7·8 years, 4904 deaths were documented among 40Â 074 participants aged 18 years or older. Compared to those with no consumption, participants with daily consumption of ≥ 1 serving of non-starchy vegetables had a lower risk of mortality (HR = 0·76, 95 % CI 0·66, 0·88, P trend = 0·001). Dark-green and deep-yellow vegetables (HR = 0·79, 95 % CI 0·63, 0·99, P trend = 0·023) and other non-starchy vegetables (HR = 0·80, 95 % CI 0·70, 0·92, P trend = 0·004) showed similar results. Total starchy vegetable intake exhibited a marginally weak inverse association with mortality risk (HR = 0·89, 95 % CI 0·80, 1·00, P trend = 0·048), while potatoes showed a null association (HR = 0·93, 95 % CI 0·82, 1·06, P trend = 0·186). Restricted cubic spline analysis suggested a linear dose-response relationship between vegetable intake and death risk, with a plateau at over 300 and 200 g/d for total and non-starchy vegetables, respectively. Compared with starchy vegetables, non-starchy vegetables might be more beneficial to health, although both showed a protective association with mortality risk. The risk reduction in mortality plateaued at approximately 200 g/d for non-starchy vegetables and 300 g/d for total vegetables. © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
Oat β-glucan supplementation pre- and during pregnancy alleviates fetal intestinal immunity development damaged by gestational diabetes in rats; Oat β-glucan (OG) has been shown to improve intestinal microecology in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the effect on fetal intestine health is unknown. Herein, we aimed to investigate the effects of OG supplementation during gestation in GDM dams on fetal intestinal immune development. OG was supplemented one week before mating until the end of the experiment. GDM rats were made with a high-fat diet (HFD) with a minimal streptozotocin (STZ) dose. The fetal intestines were sampled at gestation day (GD) 19.5, and the intestinal morphology, chemical barrier molecules, intraepithelial immune cell makers, and levels of inflammatory cytokines were investigated. The results showed that OG supplementation alleviated the decrease of the depth of fetal intestinal villi and crypts, the number of goblet cells (GCs), protein expression of mucin-1 (Muc1) and Muc2, the mRNA levels of Gpr41, Gpr43, and T cell markers, and increased the number of paneth cells (PCs), the mRNA levels of defensin-6 (defa6), and macrophage (Mø) marker and the expression of cytokines induced by GDM. In addition, OG supplementation alleviated the function of immune cell self-proliferation, chemotaxis and assembly capabilities, protein, fat, folic acid, and zinc absorption damaged by GDM. As indicated by these findings, OG supplementation before and during pregnancy improved the fetal intestinal chemical barriers, immune cells, cytokines, and the metabolism of nutrients to protect the fetal intestinal immunity. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Phthalates’ exposure leads to an increasing concern on cardiovascular health; Being an essential component in the plastics industry, phthalates are ubiquitous in the environment and in everyday life. They are considered environmental contaminants that have been classified as endocrine-disrupting compounds. Despite di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) being the most common plasticizer and the most studied to date, there are many others that, in addition to being widely used in the plastic, are also applied in the medical and pharmaceutical industries and cosmetics. Due to their wide use, phthalates are easily absorbed by the human body where they can disrupt the endocrine system by binding to molecular targets and interfering with hormonal homeostasis. Thus, phthalates exposure has been implicated in the development of several diseases in different age groups. Collecting information from the most recent available literature, this review aims to relate human phthalates’ exposure with the development of cardiovascular diseases throughout all ages. Overall, most of the studies presented demonstrated an association between phthalates and several cardiovascular diseases, either from prenatal or postnatal exposure, affecting foetuses, infants, children, young and older adults. However, the mechanisms underlying these effects remain poorly explored. Thus, considering the cardiovascular diseases incidence worldwide and the constant human exposure to phthalates, this topic should be extensively studied to understand the mechanisms involved. © 2023 The Authors
Obese mothers supplemented with melatonin during gestation and lactation ameliorate the male offspring's pancreatic islet cellular composition and beta-cell function; Melatonin supplementation to obese mothers during gestation and lactation might benefit the pancreatic islet cellular composition and beta-cell function in male offspring adulthood. C57BL/6 females (mothers) were assigned to two groups (n = 20/each) based on their consumption in control (C 17% kJ as fat) or high-fat diet (HF 49% kJ as fat). Mothers were supplemented with melatonin (Mel) (10 mg/kg daily) during gestation and lactation, or vehicle, forming the groups (n = 10/each): C, CMel, HF, and HFMel. The male offspring were studied, considering they only received the C diet after weaning until three months old. The HF mothers and their offspring showed higher body weight, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and low insulin sensitivity than the C ones. However, HFMel mothers and their offspring showed improved glucose metabolism and weight loss than the HF ones. Also, the offspring's higher expressions of pro-inflammatory markers and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress were observed in HF but reduced in HFMel. Contrarily, antioxidant enzymes were less expressed in HF but improved in HFMel. In addition, HF showed increased beta-cell mass and hyperinsulinemia but diminished in HFMel. Besides, the beta-cell maturity and identity gene expressions diminished in HF but enhanced in HFMel. In conclusion, obese mothers supplemented with melatonin benefit their offspring's islet cell remodeling and function. In addition, improving pro-inflammatory markers, oxidative stress, and ER stress resulted in better glucose and insulin levels control. Consequently, pancreatic islets and functioning beta cells were preserved in the offspring of obese mothers supplemented with melatonin.  © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press in association with International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study; Objective: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. Methods: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. Results: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. Conclusion: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation. © 2023 by the authors.
Low sirtuin-1 levels are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to determine whether sirtuin-1 (SIRT1), which has a regulatory role in glucose and lipid metabolism with its deacetylase activity, has a decisive role in predicting gestational diabetes (GDM). METHODS: This study was performed at the antenatal outpatient clinic of Ankara City Hospital between January 2021 and May 2021. A total of 525 women with low-risk pregnancy underwent the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 24th-28th weeks of pregnancy during the study period. Fasting serum SIRT1 levels of patients diagnosed with GDM according to OGTT results were compared some of those without GDM. RESULTS: Of the 525 pregnant women who underwent 75 g OGTT, 50 (9.6%) were diagnosed with GDM. The data of pregnant women with GDM were compared with age and Body Mass Index matched 122 controls. While serum SIRT1 levels were 22.0 (19.9-24.3) ng/mL in the GDM group, it was 34.7 (28.8-54.6) ng/mL in the control group (P<0.001). ROC curve analysis showed that a threshold level for serum SIRT1 equal to or greater than 27.3 ng/mL may predict GDM with a sensitivity of 86% and specificity of 80%. CONCLUSIONS: Second-trimester low serum SIRT1 levels are associated with GDM. It may be a diagnostic marker for GDM. © 2022 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA Online version at https://www.minervamedica.it.
Diagnostic Approach to Elevated Liver Function Tests during Pregnancy: A Pragmatic Narrative Review; Liver disease is not uncommon during pregnancy and is associated with increased maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and mortality. Physiological changes during pregnancy, including a hyperestrogenic state, increase in circulating plasma volume and/or reduction in splanchnic vascular resistance, and hemostatic imbalance, may mimic or worsen liver disease. For the clinician, it is important to distinguish among the first presentation or exacerbation of chronic liver disease, acute liver disease non-specific to pregnancy, and pregnancy-specific liver disease. This last group classically includes conditions such as hyperemesis gravidarum, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, liver disorders associated with the pre-eclampsia spectrum, and an acute fatty liver of pregnancy. All of these disorders often share pathophysiological mechanisms, symptoms, and laboratory findings (such as elevated liver enzymes), but a prompt and correct diagnosis is fundamental to guide obstetric conduct, reduce morbidity and mortality, and inform upon the risk of recurrence or development of other chronic diseases later on in life. Finally, the cause of elevated liver enzymes during pregnancy is unclear in up to 30–40% of the cases, and yet, little is known on the causes and mechanisms underlying these alterations, or whether these findings are associated with worse maternal/fetal outcomes. In this narrative review, we aimed to summarize pragmatically the diagnostic work-up and the management of subjects with elevated liver enzymes during pregnancy. © 2023 by the authors.
Cord Blood Spexin Level in Mothers with Obesity—Forecast of Future Obesity?; Spexin (SPX) is a peptide that plays an important role in the regulation of food intake and body weight (BW) by the effect on carbohydrate-lipid metabolism. However, the role of SPX in fetal life, in children, and in adolescent metabolism is limited. Therefore, we decided to check whether obesity affects the concentration of SPX in the mother’s peripheral blood (MB) and umbilical cord blood (UCB). Using MB and UCB sera on the day of delivery obtained from 48 women (24 non-obese and 24 obese) and commercially available Elisa kits and colorimetric assays, we determined changes in SPX and the relationship between SPX concentration and other metabolic and anthropometric markers (body weight and BMI) on the day of delivery and in children at the age of 36 months. We found lower concentrations of SPX in MB (p < 0.05) and UCB (p < 0.01) derived from obese women (BMI > 30) and a moderate linear correlation (r = 0.4429; p < 0.01) between SPX concentrations in MB and UCB. We also noted that the concentration of SPX is not correlated with the child’s body weight on the day of birth (r = −0.0128). However, there is a relationship between SPX at birth and body weight at 3 years of age (r = −0.3219; p < 0.05). Based on the obtained results, it can be assumed that spexin is one of the factors modulating the child’s metabolism already in the fetal period and can be considered a potential marker of future predisposition to obesity. However, confirmation of this thesis requires additional research. © 2023 by the authors.
Metal Exposure during Early Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Mixture Effect and Mediation by Phospholipid Fatty Acids; Despite existing studies exploring the association between metal exposure and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), most of them have focused on a single metal or a small mixture of metals. Our prospective work investigated the joint and independent effects of early gestational exposure to 17 essential and nonessential metals on the GDM risk and potential mediation by plasma phospholipid fatty acids (PLFAs) based on a nested case-control study established with 335 GDM cases and 670 randomly matched healthy controls. The Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) and quantile g-computation analyses demonstrated a joint effect from metal co-exposure on GDM risk. BKMR with hierarchical variable selection indicated that the group of essential metals was more strongly associated with GDM than the group of nonessential metals with group posterior inclusion probabilities (PIPs) of 0.979 and 0.672, respectively. Cu (0.988) and Ga (0.570) had the largest conditional PIPs within each group. We also observed significant mediation effects of selected unsaturated PLFAs on Cu-GDM and Ga-GDM associations. KEGG enrichment analysis further revealed significant enrichment in the biosynthesis of unsaturated PLFAs. C18:1 n-7 exhibited the largest proportion of mediation in both associations (23.8 and 22.9%). Collectively, our work demonstrated the joint effect of early gestational metal exposure on GDM risk and identified Cu and Ga as the key species to the joint effect. The findings lay a solid ground for further validation through multicenter investigations and mechanism exploration via laboratory studies. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Increased risk of cardiometabolic disease in normal-weight individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly associated with obesity, but there is increasing evidence that not all individuals who are overweight/obese also develop NAFLD. Currently, it is unclear whether normal-weight (Nw) individuals with NAFLD have a higher risk of cardiometabolic disease risk compared with individual sub-groups (Nw and Obesity [Ob]) of non-NAFLD. Aims: This study aimed to compare the cardiometabolic profiles, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes between Nw vs. Ob with non-NAFLD vs. NAFLD. Methods: This study utilized the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys collected from 2019 to 2021. Individuals were stratified into Nw vs. Ob categories and further divided into non-NAFLD and NAFLD groups based on the hepatic steatosis index and liver fat score (N = 6615). Results: The prevalence of non-NAFLD Nw, non-NAFLD Ob, NAFLD Nw, and NAFLD Ob groups was 36%, 20%, 7%, and 37%, respectively. NAFLD Nw vs. non-NAFLD Ob manifests deteriorated cardiometabolic disease risk profiles and surrogate markers of insulin resistance despite having higher weight, waist circumference, and BMI. In addition, compared to non-NAFLD Nw, individuals with NAFLD Nw had a significantly higher risk of CVDs (738%, p <.001) and diabetes (408%, p <.001), with no difference between NAFLD Nw and NAFLD Ob groups. Conclusions: Cardiometabolic disease risk is more closely related to NAFLD developments than adiposity status. Therefore, not all overweight/obese individuals have a higher cardiometabolic disease risk, and NAFLD in Nw is an aggressive disease that is associated with cardiometabolic disease risk compared with Ob individuals without NAFLD. © 2023 Asia Oceania Association for the Study of Obesity
Toxic Effects and Mechanisms of Polybrominated Diphenyl Ethers; Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are a group of flame retardants used in plastics, textiles, polyurethane foam, and other materials. They contain two halogenated aromatic rings bonded by an ester bond and are classified according to the number and position of bromine atoms. Due to their widespread use, PBDEs have been detected in soil, air, water, dust, and animal tissues. Besides, PBDEs have been found in various tissues, including liver, kidney, adipose, brain, breast milk and plasma. The continued accumulation of PBDEs has raised concerns about their potential toxicity, including hepatotoxicity, kidney toxicity, gut toxicity, thyroid toxicity, embryotoxicity, reproductive toxicity, neurotoxicity, and immunotoxicity. Previous studies have suggested that there may be various mechanisms contributing to PBDEs toxicity. The present study aimed to outline PBDEs’ toxic effects and mechanisms on different organ systems. Given PBDEs’ bioaccumulation and adverse impacts on human health and other living organisms, we summarize PBDEs’ effects and potential toxicity mechanisms and tend to broaden the horizons to facilitate the design of new prevention strategies for PBDEs-induced toxicity. © 2023 by the authors.
An Integrated Multi-OMICS Approach Highlights Elevated Non-Esterified Fatty Acids Impact BeWo Trophoblast Metabolism and Lipid Processing; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are linked with impaired placental function and early onset of non-communicable cardiometabolic diseases in offspring. Previous studies have highlighted that the dietary non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs) palmitate (PA) and oleate (OA), key dietary metabolites associated with maternal obesity and GDM, are potential modulators of placental lipid processing. Using the BeWo cell line model, the current study integrated transcriptomic (mRNA microarray), metabolomic, and lipidomic readouts to characterize the underlying impacts of exogenous PA and OA on placental villous trophoblast cell metabolism. Targeted gas chromatography and thin-layer chromatography highlighted that saturated and monounsaturated NEFAs differentially impact BeWo cell lipid profiles. Furthermore, cellular lipid profiles differed when exposed to single and multiple NEFA species. Additional multi-omic analyses suggested that PA exposure is associated with enrichment in β-oxidation pathways, while OA exposure is associated with enrichment in anti-inflammatory and antioxidant pathways. Overall, this study further demonstrated that dietary PA and OA are important regulators of placental lipid metabolism. Encouraging appropriate dietary advice and implementing dietary interventions to maintain appropriate placental function by limiting excessive exposure to saturated NEFAs remain crucial in managing at-risk obese and GDM pregnancies. © 2023 by the authors.
Lactobacillus gasseri CKCC1913 mediated modulation of the gut-liver axis alleviated insulin resistance and liver damage induced by type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic metabolic disorder characterized by dysregulation of lipid metabolism, insulin resistance, and gut microbiota disorder. Compared to drug interventions, probiotic interventions may have a more enduring effect without producing any side effects. Thus, the potential of probiotics as a therapeutic approach for diabetes and other metabolic disorders has gained increasing attention in recent years. In this study, we evaluated the therapeutic efficacy of Lactobacillus gasseri CKCC1913, a potential probiotic strain, in high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant diabetes using the C57BL/6J mouse animal model. From the results, L. gasseri CKCC1913 has been shown to increase glucose tolerance, reduce fasting blood glucose levels in diabetic mice, and reduce the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as TNF-α and IL-6. Besides, L. gasseri CKCC1913 intervention effectively alleviated oxidative stress damage by increasing SOD activity, decreasing MDA levels, reducing insulin resistance, and improving dyslipidemia caused by diabetes. The potential mechanism of L. gasseri CKCC1913 in improving metabolic health and alleviating diabetes involves an increased abundance of beneficial bacteria, such as Parabacteroides merdae, which directly produce short-chain fatty acids that help regulate immune cells and reduce inflammation. SCFAs also enter the bloodstream and promote antioxidant enzyme activity in the liver, protecting against oxidative damage. Additionally, L. gasseri CKCC1913 influences local bacterial metabolism pathways, such as the superpathway of unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis, leading to an increase in unsaturated fatty acids, increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and improving lipid metabolism and glucose control in diabetic mice. In summary, in this study, L. gasseri CKCC1913 and its potential impact on metabolic health highlight the promising potential of probiotics as a therapeutic approach for diabetes. Future research should focus on identifying the optimal dose and duration, investigating the long-term effects and mechanisms of action, and exploring the potential use of probiotics as an adjunct to other therapies or in preventing metabolic disorders. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Determination of the Level of Cardiovascular Risk in 172,282 Spanish Working Women; Introduction, objectives: Although cardiovascular events have been traditionally associated mainly with men, some data reflect an increase in women, which may even exceed their male counterparts, constituting the leading cause of death in working women in Spain. The objective of this present study was to analyze the level of cardiovascular risk in Spanish working women by assessing the influence of age, type of work, and tobacco consumption. Material, methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was carried out in 172,282 working women from different Spanish geographical areas and from different companies between January 2018 and June 2020. A range of variables and risk factors were assessed and various cardiovascular risk scales were used to analyze the data. Results: An increase in cardiovascular risk was observed in the least qualified work groups, mainly corresponding to blue-collar workers, when using the SCORE or REGICOR risk equation. The prevalence of altered values for all the parameters analyzed (overweight and obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, fatty liver, hepatic fibrosis, atherogenic indexes, and cardiovascular risk scales) was higher among blue-collar women. Age was the only factor that influenced all the cardiovascular risk scales studied, increasing risk when comparing the group of women aged 50 years and older with the others. Conclusions: Aging and belonging to the blue-collar job category meant worse results in the cardiovascular risk scales and in all the parameters analyzed. This is in line with numerous studies that argue that age and zip code are more influential than genetic code. © 2023 by the authors.
Central Sensitivity to Free Triiodothyronine With MAFLD and Its Progression to Liver Fibrosis in Euthyroid Adults; Context: Impaired sensitivity to thyroid hormones has been demonstrated to be positively associated with the prevalence of metabolic disorders. However, the relationship between sensitivity to thyroid hormones and metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and liver fibrosis remained unclear. Objective: We aimed to determine the associations of thyroid hormone sensitivity indices with MAFLD and its progression to liver fibrosis in Chinese euthyroid adults. Methods: This community-based study included 7906 euthyroid adults. We calculated the thyroid sensitivity indices, including free triiodothyronine to free thyroxine (FT3/FT4) ratio, Thyroid Feedback Quantile-based Index by FT4 (TFQIFT4), and Thyroid Feedback Quantile-based Index by FT3 (TFQIFT3), indicating peripheral and central thyroid hormone sensitivity respectively. Liver steatosis and fibrosis were diagnosed by vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Multivariable logistic/linear regression and restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis were conducted. Results: Compared with participants in the first quartile (Q1), the prevalence of MAFLD was increased by 62% in the fourth quartile (Q4) of FT3/ FT4 ratio (OR 1.62; 95% CI [1.38, 1.91]) and by 40% in Q4 of TFQIFT3 (OR 1.40; 95% CI [1.18, 1.65]) (both P < .05). No associations between TFQIFT4 and the prevalence of MAFLD were found. In addition, compared with participants in Q1, the prevalence of liver fibrosis was increased by 45% in Q4 of TFQIFT3 (OR 1.45; 95% CI [1.03, 2.06]) (P < .05) in participants with MAFLD. Conclusion: Impaired central sensitivity to FT3 was associated with MAFLD and its progression to liver fibrosis. More prospective and mechanism studies are warranted to confirm these conclusions. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
High-Dose Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) Displays Strong Anti-Inflammatory Properties in Lipopolysaccharide-Stimulated Monocytes; Vitamin B6 is shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which makes it an interesting nutraceutical agent. Vitamin B6 deficiency is well established as a contributor to inflammatory-related conditions, whilst B6 supplementation can reverse these inflammatory effects. There is less information available regarding the effects of high-dose vitamin B6 supplementation as a therapeutic agent. This study set out to examine the effects of high-dose vitamin B6 on an LPS-stimulated monocyte/macrophage cell population via an analysis of protein and gene expression using an RT2 profiler PCR array for Human Innate and Adaptive Immune responses. It was identified that high-dose vitamin B6 has a global anti-inflammatory effect on lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation in monocyte/macrophage cells by downregulating the key broad-spectrum inflammatory mediators CCL2, CCL5, CXCL2, CXCL8, CXCL10, CCR4, CCR5, CXCR3, IL-1β, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10, IL-18, IL-23-a, TNF-α, CSF2, DDX58, NLRP3, NOD1, NOD2, TLR-1 -2 -4 -5 -7 -8 -9, MYD88, C3, FOXP3, STAT1, STAT3, STAT6, LYZ, CASP-1, CD4, HLA-E, MAPK1, MAPK8 MPO, MX-1, NF-κβ, NF-κβ1A, CD14, CD40, CD40LG, CD86, Ly96, ICAM1, IRF3, ITGAM, and IFCAM2. The outcomes of this study show promise regarding vitamin B6 within the context of a potent broad-spectrum anti-inflammatory mediator and could prove useful as an adjunct treatment for inflammatory-related diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Hepatic and ovarian effects of perfluorooctanoic acid exposure differ in lean and obese adult female mice; Obesity and overweight cause poor oocyte quality, miscarriage, infertility, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and offspring birth defects and affects 40% and 20% of US women and girls, respectively. Perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), a per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substance (PFAS), is environmentally persistent and has negative female reproductive effects including endocrine disruption, oxidative stress, altered menstrual cyclicity, and decreased fertility in humans and animal models. PFAS exposure is associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease which affects ∼24–26% of the US population. This study investigated the hypothesis that PFOA exposure impacts hepatic and ovarian chemical biotransformation and alters the serum metabolome. At 7 weeks of age, female lean, wild type (KK.Cg-a/a) or obese (KK.Cg-Ay/J) mice received saline (C) or PFOA (2.5 mg/Kg) per os for 15 d. Hepatic weight was increased by PFOA exposure in both lean and obese mice (P < 0.05) and obesity also increased liver weight (P < 0.05) compared to lean mice. The serum metabolome was also altered (P < 0.05) by PFOA exposure and differed between lean and obese mice. Exposure to PFOA altered (P < 0.05) the abundance of ovarian proteins with roles in xenobiotic biotransformation (lean - 6; obese - 17), metabolism of fatty acids (lean – 3; obese - 9), cholesterol (lean – 8; obese – 11), amino acids (lean – 18; obese – 19), glucose (lean – 7; obese – 10), apoptosis (lean – 18; obese – 13), and oxidative stress (lean – 3; obese – 2). Use of qRT-PCR determined that exposure to PFOA increased (P < 0.05) hepatic Ces1 and Chst1 in lean but Ephx1 and Gstm3 in obese mice. Also, obesity basally increased (P < 0.05) Nat2, Gpi and Hsd17b2 mRNA levels. These data identify molecular changes resultant from PFOA exposure that may cause liver injury and ovotoxicity in females. In addition, differences in toxicity induced by PFOA exposure occurs in lean and obese mice. © 2023
Hyperglycemia and Hyperlipidemia with Kidney or Liver Transplantation: A Review; Although solid organ transplantation in persons with diabetes mellitus is often associated with hyperglycemia, the risk of hyperlipidemia in all organ transplant recipients is often underestimated. The diagnosis of diabetes often predates transplantation; however, in a moderate percentage of allograft recipients, perioperative hyperglycemia occurs triggered by antirejection regimens. Post-transplant prescription of glucocorticoids, calcineurin inhibitors and mTOR inhibitors are associated with increased lipid concentrations. The existence of diabetes mellitus prior to or following a liver transplant is associated with shorter times of useful allograft function. A cycle involving Smad, TGF beta, m-TOR and toll-like receptors has been identified in the contribution of rejection and aging of allografts. Glucocorticoids (prednisone) and calcineurin inhibitors (cyclosporine and tacrolimus) induce hyperglycemia associated with insulin resistance. Azathioprine, mycophenolate and prednisone are associated with lipogenesis. mTOR inhibitors (rapamycin) are used to decrease doses of atherogenic agents used for immunosuppression. Post-transplant medication management must balance immune suppression and glucose and lipid control. Concerns regarding rejection often override those relative to systemic and organ vascular aging and survival. This review focuses attention on the underlying mechanism of relationships between glycemia/lipidemia control, transplant rejection and graft aging. © 2023 by the authors.
DNA methylation analysis reveals the effect of arsenic on gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Arsenic (As) exposure is one of the risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study aimed to explore the effect of As-exposure on DNA methylation in GDM and to establish a risk assessment model of GDM in As exposed pregnant women. Method: We collected elbow vein blood of pregnant women before delivery to measure As concentration and DNA methylation data. Then compared the DNA methylation data and established a nomogram. Result: We identified a total of 10 key differentially methylated CpGs (DMCs) and found 6 corresponding genes. Functions were enriched in Hippo signaling pathway, cell tight junction, prophetic acid metabolism, ketone body metabolic process, and antigen processing and presentation. A nomogram was established that can predict GDM risks (c-index = 0.595, s:p = 0.973). Conclusion: We found 6 genes associated with GDM with high As exposure. The prediction of the nomograms has been proven to be effective. © 2023 The Authors
Association Between Blood Calcium, Magnesium, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Adults: a Cohort-Based Case-Control Study; Previous studies have shown that calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), and Ca/Mg ratio are associated with inflammation and metabolic disorders, but their relationship with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Thus, we aimed to explore the association between Ca, Mg, Ca/Mg ratio, and NAFLD in Chinese adults. We conducted a case-control study based on the Kailuan Cohort in China, including 1816 cases and 1111 gender- and age-matched controls. Dose-response relationships between blood Ca, Mg, Ca/Mg ratio, and NAFLD were evaluated using restricted cubic splines. Odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by logistic regression models. A negative association between blood Ca (overall association P < 0.001 and linear association P < 0.001) and NAFLD as well as Ca/Mg ratio (overall association P = 0.002 and linear association P = 0.024) and NAFLD was observed. Compared with the highest quartile, the adjusted OR (95% CI) for the lowest quartile of Ca and Ca/Mg ratio was 2.116 (1.679–2.667) and 1.358 (1.076–1.713), respectively. A U-shaped relationship was found for blood Mg and NAFLD, with the highest OR of 1.685 in the lowest quartile group when using the second quartile as a reference. Additionally, we observed the interaction between alanine aminotransferase and blood Ca (P = 0.024), total cholesterol (P = 0.017), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P = 0.013), and blood Mg, as well as total cholesterol and Ca/Mg ratio (P = 0.014). Lower blood Ca and Ca/Mg ratio were significantly associated with the risk of NAFLD. Liver function or lipid metabolism parameters may modify their association, suggesting an individualized prevention strategy for NAFLD. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The potential role and mechanism of circRNAs in foam cell formation: circRNAs in foam cell formation; Atherosclerosis is a significant risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD) and myocardial infarction (MI). Atherosclerosis develops during foam cell generation, which is caused by an imbalance in cholesterol uptake, esterification, and efflux. LOX-1, SR-A1, and CD36 all increased cholesterol uptake. ACAT1 and ACAT2 promote free cholesterol (FC) esterification to cholesteryl esters (CE). The hydrolysis of CE to FC was aided by nCEH. FC efflux was promoted by ABCA1, ABCG1, ADAM10, and apoA-I. SR-BI promotes not only cholesterol uptake but also FC efflux. Circular RNAs (circRNAs), which are single-stranded RNAs with a closed covalent circular structure, have emerged as promising biomarkers and therapeutic targets for atherosclerosis due to their highly tissue, cell, and disease state-specific expression profiles. Numerous studies have shown that circRNAs regulate foam cell formation, acting as miRNA sponges to influence atherosclerosis development by regulating the expression of SR-A1, CD36, ACAT2, ABCA1, ABCG1, ADAM10, apoA-I, SR-B1. Several circRNAs, including circ-Wdr91, circ 0004104, circRNA0044073, circRNA_0001805, circDENND1B, circRSF1, circ 0001445, and circRNA 102682, are potential biomarkers for atherosclerosis to better evaluate cardiovascular risk. It is difficult to deliver synthetic therapeutic circRNAs to the desired target tissues. Nanotechnology, such as GA-RM/GZ/PL, may be an important solution to this problem. In this review, we focus on the potential role and mechanism of circRNA/miRNA axis in foam cell formation in the hopes of discovering new targets for the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of atherosclerosis. © 2023 The Authors
The ethnobotanical, bioactive compounds, pharmacological activities and toxicological evaluation of garlic (Allium sativum): A review; Background: Garlic (Allium sativum) is a medicinal plant exploited for its diverse pharmacological benefits and used as a cooking spice globally. In traditional Chinese medicine, garlic is prepared and served in different forms such as syrup, extract, decoct, garlic oil, tincture, and infusion, and they are exploited for their medicinal benefits in the treatment of several diseases such as food poisoning, cholera, fever, headache, dysentery, lowering blood pressure, and as a stimulant, diuretic, expectorant, and diaphoretic agent. Objectives: This study reviewed the ethnomedicinal uses, bioactive compounds, pharmacological activities, and toxicological evaluation of garlic. Method: Literature searches were carried out on the following databases: PubMed, Frontiers, Science Direct, Springer, Wiley, and MDPI databases. Chemical structures identified in garlic were drawn using ChemDraw (version 12.0.2) after a thorough search in PubChem databases, the NIST Chemistry Webbook, and ChemSpider. "Allium sativum", "garlic", "Allium sativum pharmacological", "Allium sativum ethnomedicine", "Allium sativum bioactive compounds", and other similar keywords were used to search for relevant journals and contents. Results: The plant is a rich source of carbohydrate, minerals, fat, vitamins, fibers, and phenolic compounds that promote good health. The sulfur-containing bioactive compounds extracted from garlic include Allicin, Vinyl-4H-1, 3-dithiin, E-Ajoene, Diallyl trisulfide, Alliin, Allyl methyl sulfide, 2-Diallyl sulfide, Z-Ajoene, Diallyl disulfide, Quercetin, Allyl mercaptan, Allyl propyl disulfide, Thiacremonone, Allyl methyl trisulfide, and Gamma-glutamylcysteine. Several in vitro and in vivo studies have reported that garlic and its bioactive constituents have several pharmacological activities, including anti-inflammatory, anticancer, antidiabetic, antihypertensive, anti-obesity, antimicrobial, antioxidant, antithrombotic, and anti-Alzheimer activities. Conclusion: This study suggested the effective use of garlic in treating various diseases, which may be attributed to the presence of bioactive compounds in the plant. Additionally, its powerful antioxidant action also contributes to reducing the harm that oxidative stress causes to critical biomolecules in the body which helps in disease prevention. The presence of bioactive compounds in garlic can be exploited by the food and pharmaceutical industries for the development of therapeutic and food products. However, more comprehensive studies in human clinical trials are needed to validate safe and effective doses for the use of garlic for treating several diseases. © 2023 The Author(s)
A Review on Mitochondrial Derived Peptide Humanin and Small Humanin-Like Peptides and Their Therapeutic Strategies; The peptides are known to have diverse therapeutic indications and help cure many disease conditions. The mitochondrial genome comprises a novel class of micro peptides with various biological effects. Human mitochondrial peptides are among those that have a favourable impact on medicinal applications. Mitochondrial-derived peptides are small therapeutic peptides transcribed through mitochondrial DNA open-reading frames. Humanin is a mitochondrial peptide inhibiting complex I activity and reducing oxidative stress. It has significant apoptosis activity; therefore, it acts as an anti-apoptotic agent in the testis, boosting its reproductive role. It primarily affects cardioprotective and neuroprotective pathways, which operate as Alzheimer’s disease treatment agents. SHLPs and humanin were derived from mitochondrially encoded 16s rRNA small open reading frames. This peptide enhances mitochondrial functions and the survival of cells in response to oxidative stress. SHLP (1–6) has distinct and overlapping functions with humanin which regulate cell viability. The anti-diabetic activity is present in SHLP 2 and 3, which are insulin-resistant. Likewise, SHLP-6 has an apoptotic effect on cancer cells while it protects the cells against mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis. The mitochondrial-derived peptides increase insulin sensitivity, stimulating glucose absorption through peripheral tissues while decreasing glucose synthesis in the liver. These peptides are helpful in the treatment of multiple diseases. Thus, in this review discusses the mitochondrial peptide-humanin and SHLP types and their therapeutic potential. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and its association with lifestyle habits in adults in Chile: a cross-sectional study from the National Health Survey 2016-2017; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents an excessive fat accumulation within the liver, usually associated with excess body weight. A liver biopsy is the gold standard for diagnosis, but it is inapplicable in population-based studies. In large populations, non-invasive methods could be used, which may also serve to identify potential protective factors. We aimed to (a) estimate NAFLD prevalence in the adult population in Chile by using non-invasive methods and (b) determine the association between the presence of NAFLD and lifestyle habits. The National Health Survey of Chile 2016-2017 was analysed. We included individuals aged 21-75 years, without infectious diseases nor risky alcohol consumption. NAFLD was detected by either fatty liver index (FLI; considers circulating TAG, circulating γ-glutamyl-transferase, BMI and waist circumference), lipid accumulation product (LAP; considers sex, circulating TAG and waist circumference) or their combination. Lifestyle habits were determined by questionnaires. We included 2774 participants, representative of 10 599 094 (9 831 644, 11 366 544) adults in Chile. NAFLD prevalence (95 % CI) was 39·4 % (36·2, 42·8) by FLI, 27·2 % (24·2, 30·4) by LAP and 23·5 % (20·7, 26·5) by their combination. The prevalence progressively increased with increasing BMI. Of note, less smoking and more moderate-vigorous physical activity and whole-grain consumption were associated with lower odds of having NAFLD, independently of BMI. At least one out of four adults in Chile is afflicted with NAFLD. Health promotion strategies focused on controlling excess body weight and promoting specific lifestyle habits are urgently required.  © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
COVID-19 associated liver injury: An updated review on the mechanisms and management of risk groups; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has been associated with various liver injury cases worldwide. To date, the prevalence, mechanism, clinical manifestations, diagnosis, and outcomes of COVID-19-induced liver injury in various at-risk groups are not well defined. Liver injury may arise in the prevention and treatment of COVID-19 from direct causes such as viral infection and indirect causes such as systemic inflammation, hypoxic changes, and drugs that exacerbate any pre-existing liver disease. Studies have found that patients with underlying liver disease are at higher risk of COVID-19-induced liver injury. Certain condition of cardiopulmonary and metabolic diseases and vulnerable stages in lifespan may also involve in the development of COVID-19-induced liver injury. This review summarized studies of COVID-19-induced liver injury in different at-risk groups regarding their clinical characteristics, parameters, and correlations of the severity with these indicators and signs as well as potential treatment suggestions, to increase attention to physiological and pathological conditions and continue liver function monitoring as they can help in strengthening early supportive treatment and reducing the incidence of adverse outcomes. © 2023 The Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University
The Possible Role of Probiotic Supplementation in Inflammation: A Narrative Review; The fine balance between symbiotic and potentially opportunistic and/or pathogenic microorganisms can undergo quantitative alterations, which, when associated with low intestinal biodiversity, could be responsible for the development of gut inflammation and the so-called “intestinal dysbiosis”. This condition is characterized by the disbalance of a fine synergistic mechanism involving the mucosal barrier, the intestinal neuroendocrine system, and the immune system that results in an acute inflammatory response induced by different causes, including viral or bacterial infections of the digestive tract. More frequently, however, dysbiosis is induced slowly and subtly by subliminal causal factors, resulting in a chronic condition related to different diseases affecting the digestive tract and other organs and apparatuses. Studies on animal models, together with studies on humans, highlight the significant role of the gut microbiota and microbiome in the occurrence of inflammatory conditions such as metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs); neurodegenerative, urologic, skin, liver, and kidney pathologies; and premature aging. The blood translocation of bacterial fragments has been found to be one of the processes linked to gut dysbiosis and responsible for the possible occurrence of “metabolic endotoxemia” and systemic inflammation, associated with an increased risk of oxidative stress and related diseases. In this context, supplementation with different probiotic strains has been shown to restore gut eubiosis, especially if administered in long-term treatments. The aim of this review is to describe the anti-inflammatory effects of specific probiotic strains observed in clinical trials and the respective indications, highlighting the differences in efficacy depending on strain, formulation, time and duration of treatment, and dosage used. © 2023 by the authors.
Neuroprotective Potential of Punicalagin, a Natural Component of Pomegranate Polyphenols: A Review; Neurodegenerative diseases (NDs), such as Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and Parkinson’s disease (PD), are major health problems worldwide. To date, available remedies against NDs are limited. In fact, current treatment options include drug intervention and nutritional therapy, which mainly focus on the repair of neuronal damage and functional monitoring. However, these treatments do not completely alleviate disease symptoms. Recently, eliminating harmful molecules, such as reactive oxygen species, and inhibiting neuroinflammation have become potential strategies recommended by many researchers. Accordingly, remarkable interest has been generated in recent years regarding natural products, including polyphenols, that provide neuroprotective effects. In this review, we aimed to provide experimental evidence of the therapeutic potential of punicalagin (PUN), a prevailing compound in pomegranate polyphenols with antioxidant activity. Overall, the chemistry, methods of determination, characteristics of metabolism, transformation mechanisms of action, and neuroprotective effects of PUN on NDs are summarised to provide a scientific basis for elucidating the therapeutic mechanisms and targets of NDs. Copyright: © 2023 The Author(s).
Therapeutic Potentials of Microalgae and Their Bioactive Compounds on Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder characterized by hyperglycemia due to impaired insulin secretion, insulin resistance, or both. Oxidative stress and chronic low-grade inflammation play crucial roles in the pathophysiology of diabetes mellitus. There has been a growing interest in applying natural products to improve metabolic derangements without the side effects of anti-diabetic drugs. Microalgae biomass or extract and their bioactive compounds have been applied as nutraceuticals or additives in food products and health supplements. Several studies have demonstrated the therapeutic effects of microalgae and their bioactive compounds in improving insulin sensitivity attributed to their antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and pancreatic β-cell protective properties. However, a review summarizing the progression in this topic is lacking despite the increasing number of studies reporting their anti-diabetic potential. In this review, we gathered the findings from in vitro, in vivo, and human studies to discuss the effects of microalgae and their bioactive compounds on diabetes mellitus and the mechanisms involved. Additionally, we discuss the limitations and future perspectives of developing microalgae-based compounds as a health supplement for diabetes mellitus. In conclusion, microalgae-based supplementation has the potential to improve diabetes mellitus and be applied in more clinical studies in the future. © 2023 by the authors.
CircFOXN2 alleviates glucocorticoid-and tacrolimus-induced dyslipidemia by reducing FASN mRNA stability by binding to PTBP1 during liver transplantation; We aimed to examine impacts and functional mechanism of circular RNA forkhead box N2 (FOXN2) in tacrolimus (TAC)-and dexamethasone (Dex)-induced lipid metabolism disorders. RNA level and protein contents in TAC, Dex, or combined TAC-plus Dextreated patients and Huh-7 cells were measured utilizing quantitative real-Time (qRT)-PCR and western blotting assays measured the formation of lipid droplet. Total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride (TG) levels were determined using corresponding commercial kits and Oil red O staining. RNA immunoprecipitation and RNA pull-down verified the binding relationship among circFOXN2, polypyrimidine tract binding protein 1 (PTBP1) and fatty acid synthase (FASN). Male C57BL/6 mice were used to establish a dyslipidemia mouse model to validate the discoveries at the cellular level. Dex treatment significantly promoted TAC-mediated increase of TC and TG in serum samples and Huh-7 cells. Moreover, circFOXN2 was reduced but FASN was elevated in TAC-Treated Huh-7 cells, and these expression trends were markedly enhanced by Dex cotreatment. Overexpression of circFOXN2 could reverse the accumulation of TC and TG and the upregulation of FASN and sterol regulatory element binding transcription factor 2 (SREBP2) mediated by Dex and TAC cotreatment. Mechanistically, circFOXN2 reduced FASN mRNA stability by recruiting PTBP1. The protective roles of circFOXN2 overexpression on lipid metabolism disorders were weakened by FASN overexpression. In vivo finding also disclosed that circFOXN2 greatly alleviated the dysregulation of lipid metabolism triggered by TAC plus Dex. CircFOXN2 alleviated the dysregulation of lipid metabolism induced by the combination of TAC and Dex by modulating the PTBP1/FASN axis. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Collectively, our experiments revealed for the first time that circFOXN2 alleviated the Dex-and TACinduced dysregulation of lipid metabolism by regulating the PTBP1/FASN axis. These findings suggested that circFOXN2 and FASN might be candidate targets for the treatment of Dex-and TAC-induced metabolic disorders. © 2023 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Bifidobacterium longum CCFM1077 Attenuates Hyperlipidemia by Modulating the Gut Microbiota Composition and Fecal Metabolites: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; An increasing number of studies have indicated that gut microbiota and its metabolites are crucial in the development of hyperlipidemia. Bifidobacterium longum (B. longum) CCFM1077 has been shown to have lipid-lowering effects in animals. This study aimed to evaluate the potential of B. longum CCFM1077 in lowering the lipid levels in patients with hyperlipidemia and investigate the effect of this bacterium on serum lipid abnormalities, gut microbiota, and fecal metabolites in these patients. This study was a six-week, randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled pilot clinical trial. Subjects with hyperlipidemia (N = 62) were randomly assigned to receive placebo (N = 31) or B. longum CCFM1077 (1 × 1010 colony-forming units (CFUs) per day; N = 31). Serum lipid levels including total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total triglyceride (TG), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were examined at the baseline and interventional endpoints. Changes in the gut microbiota composition and diversity were measured based on 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequencing of the V3–V4 region at the end of the intervention period. Non-targeted metabolomics of the feces was performed using ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC)-Q-Exactive Orbitrap/mass spectrometer. Oral administration of B. longum CCFM1077 for six weeks significantly decreased the serum levels of TC (p < 0.01) and LDL-C (p < 0.01) in patients with hyperlipidemia. B. longum CCFM1077 treatment markedly increased gut microbiota diversity and the relative abundance of anti-obesity-related genera, including Lactobacillus, Butyricicoccus, Bifidobacterium, and Blautia, whereas it decreased the relative abundance of obesity-related genera, including Alistipes, Megamonas, and Catenibacterium. Additionally, some key metabolites (bile acids (BAs), biotin, and caffeine) and their corresponding metabolic pathways (primary BA biosynthesis, and taurine and hypotaurine, biotin, purine, and caffeine metabolisms) were enriched by B. longum CCFM1077, and thus it may lower lipid levels. B. longum CCFM1077 is a probiotic strain with the potential to lower serum TC and LDL-C levels patients with hyperlipidemia. The underlying mechanism may be related to the increased abundance of anti-obesity-related genera and fecal metabolites. These findings provide a foundation for future clinical applications of lipid-lowering probiotics in managing individuals with hyperlipidemia. © 2023
The Circadian Nobiletin-ROR Axis Suppresses Adipogenic Differentiation and IκBα/NF-κB Signaling in Adipocytes; Obesity is a known risk factor for metabolic diseases and is often associated with chronic inflammation in adipose tissue. We previously identified the polyethoxylated flavonoid Nobiletin (NOB) as a circadian clock modulator that directly binds to and activates the ROR receptors in the core oscillator, markedly improving metabolic fitness in obese mice. Here, we show that NOB enhanced the oscillation of core clock genes in differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes, including ROR target genes such as Bmal1, Cry1, Dec1, and Dec2. NOB inhibited lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 and SVF cells, concomitant with the dysregulated circadian expression of adipogenic differentiation-related genes including Cebpb, Pparg, Lpl, Scd1, and Fas. Importantly, RORα/RORγ double knockdown in 3T3-L1 cells (Ror DKD) significantly attenuated the effects of NOB on circadian gene expression and lipid accumulation. Furthermore, whereas NOB upregulated the expression of IκBα, a target of RORs, to inhibit NF-κB activation and proinflammatory cytokine expression, Ror DKD cells exhibited a heightened activation of the NF-κB pathway, further indicating a requisite role of RORs for NOB efficacy in adipocytes. Together, these results highlight a significant regulatory function of the NOB–ROR axis in the circadian expression of clock and clock-controlled genes in adipocytes, thereby governing adipogenic differentiation, lipogenesis, and inflammation. © 2023 by the authors.
Pets, Genuine Tools of Environmental Pollutant Detection; In a shared environment, our companion animals became unintended sentinels for pollutant exposure consequences, developing even earlier similar conditions to humans. This review focused on the human–pet cohabitation in an environment we all share. Alongside other species, canine and feline companions are veritable models in human medical research. The latency period for showing chronic exposure effects to pollutants is just a few years in them, compared to considerably more, decades in humans. Comparing the serum values of people and their companion animals can, for example, indicate the degree of poisonous lead load we are exposed to and of other substances as well. We can find 2.4 times higher perfluorochemicals from stain- and grease-proof coatings in canine companions, 23 times higher values of flame retardants in cats, and 5 times more mercury compared to the average levels tested in humans. All these represent early warning signals. Taking these into account, together with the animal welfare orientation of today’s society, finding non-invasive methods to detect the degree of environmental pollution in our animals becomes paramount, alongside the need to raise awareness of the risks carried by certain chemicals we knowingly use. © 2023 by the authors.
Association between Serum Klotho and Kidney Stones in US Middle-Aged and Older Individuals with Diabetes Mellitus: Results from 2007 to 2016 National Health and Nutrition Survey; Introduction: Kidney stones (KSs) are associated with hematuria and renal failure and pose a significant clinical and public health concern. Diabetes is associated with a higher risk of KSs. In addition, α-Klotho (Klotho), as a novel antiaging protein, is associated with kidney disease, diabetes, and complications and may participate in the pathological mechanism of KSs. However, studies that used large population-based database research are limited. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate whether or not KS prevalence is associated with serum Klotho levels in diabetic adults in the USA. Methods: This nationally representative cross-sectional study used data on diabetic adults in the USA aged 40-79 years from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2007-2016 cycles. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to calculate the association between Klotho and KS. Restricted cubic splines were used to further test for linearity and explore the shape of the dose-response association. Moreover, we performed stratified and interaction analyses to see if the relationship was stable in different subgroups. Results: Among the 3,537 diabetic patients included in this study (mean age of 61.4 years, consisting of 51.3% males), 543 participants (15.4%) suffered from KS. In the fully adjusted model, Klotho was negatively associated with KS (OR = 0.72; 95% CI: 0.54-0.96; p = 0.027). A negative relationship was observed between the occurrence of KS and Klotho (nonlinear: p = 0.560). Some differences in the association between Klotho and KS were found in stratified analyses; however, these differences lacked statistical significance. Conclusions: Serum Klotho was negatively associated with the incidence of KS; when ln-transformed Klotho concentration increased by 1 unit, the risk of KS was 28% lower. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
The Metabolic Impact of Vitamin B12 in The Context of Metabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (Mets) refers to a group of symptoms that increasing the risk of heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). One of the most difficult health issues facing the world today is diabetes mellitus (DM). In diabetes, chronic hyperglycemia can cause both immediate and delayed consequences. Cobalamin, or vitamin B12, is a water-soluble vitamin essential for proper neuronal and vascular function, normal hemo-poiesis, and DNA synthesis. The aim of this study was to determine the impact of vitamin B12 in the strepto-zotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. In this study, 30 males’ rats were divided into three groups, for a period of 9 weeks, the rats were injected with vitamin B12. Serum lipid levels, some biochemical, molecular parameters and histopathology of liver and brain tissues were determined. Our results demonstrated that compared to rats in the diabetic groups, the vitamin B12 reduced glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), cholesterol, triacylglycerol (TAG), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipo-protein-cholesterol (LDL-c) levels, and Malondialdehyde (MDA), while vitamin B12 increased vitamin 12, glutathione peroxidase (GPx), catalase (CAT), and superoxide dismutase (SOD) levels (P < 0.05). An upregu-lation was found in the gene expression in the homogenate of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), leptin receptor (LEPR), and glucose transporter-2 (GLUT-2). On the other hand, there was a significant downregulation in the mRNA expression of Janus kinase3 (JAK3), signal transducer and activator of transcription3 (STAT3), Transforming growth factor–β (TGF-β), and protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTPN1). In conclusion our findings suggested that vitamin B12 supplementation can mitigate the Impact of an STZ in diabetic rats. This new research provides further evidence that vitamin B12 may be useful as a treatment for diabetes. © 2023, Assiut University, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Department of Animal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Benzo[b]fluoranthene induces male reproductive toxicity and apoptosis via Akt-Mdm2-p53 signaling axis in mouse Leydig cells: Integrating computational toxicology and experimental approaches; This study aims to explore the male reproductive toxicity of Benzo[b]fluoranthene (BbF) and related mechanisms. The results of computational toxicology analysis indicated male reproductive toxicity of BbF was related to apoptosis of Leydig cells and that Akt/p53 pathway might play a key role. In experiments, BbF induced testosterone decline, decreased concentration and motility of sperm and aggravated testicular pathological injury in mice. Besides, BbF led to apoptosis in Leydig cells, and decreased expressions of p-Akt and Bcl2, while improving the expressions of p53, Bax and Cleaved Caspase-3 in vivo and in vitro. Further, compared with BbF group, Akt activator SC79 significantly reduced cell apoptosis rate, improved cell viability, promoted the expressions of p-Akt and p-Mdm2, and reversed the above molecular expressions. Similarly, p53 inhibitor Pifithrin-α also significantly enhanced the cell vitality, alleviated the apoptosis of TM3 cells induced by BbF, and decreased the expressions of Bax and Cleaved Caspase-3, with the up-regulation of Bcl2. To sum up, by inhibiting Akt-Mdm2 signaling, BbF activated the p53-mediated mitochondrial apoptosis pathway, further inducing the apoptosis of Leydig cells, therefore resulting in testosterone decline and male reproductive damage. Besides, this study provided a valid mode integrating computational toxicology and experimental approaches in toxicity testing. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) in endocrinology; Human growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) is a widely distributed protein that has shown to play multiple roles in both physiological and pathological conditions. In healthy individuals, GDF-15 is mainly expressed in the placenta, followed by the prostate, although low levels of expression have also been detected in different organs. GDF-15 acts through a recently identified receptor called glial-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) receptor alpha-like (GFRAL) which signals through the rearranged during transfection (RET) tyrosine kinase receptor. The effects of GDF-15 are pleiotropic and include appetite regulation, and actions on metabolism, pregnancy, cell survival, immune response, and inflammation. GDF-15 also plays different roles in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease, autoimmunity, cancer-associated anorexia/cachexia, and diabetes. In recent years, several studies have reported a link between GDF-15 and the endocrine system. In this review, we up-date and summarize the relevant investigations of the relationships between GDF-15 and different endocrine conditions. We also assess the potential pathogenic role and potential therapeutic applications of GDF-15 in the field of endocrinology. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Subfertility as Overlapping of Nutritional, Endocrine, Immune, and Cardiometabolic Dysregulations—A Study Focused on Biochemical Endophenotypes of Subfertile Couples; Subfertility is a global health issue, and as many as 30% of cases are attributed to unexplained reasons. A hypercaloric, high-fat diet stimulates the expansion of pro-inflammatory gut microbiota with a consequent rise in circulating lipopolysaccharides. Adverse gut microbiota remodeling can exacerbate insulin resistance, while sex and thyroid hormones may influence the variability in gut microbiota. This cross-sectional study included 150 participants and was designed to determine a biochemical, nutritional-related pattern that may distinguish subfertile from fertile individuals and couples. A panel of 28 biomarkers was assessed. Four biochemical phenotypes of unexplained subfertility were found, including two metabolic and two immune, when assessed using binary logistic regression models. Two phenotypes were distinguished in women: cardio-metabolic with atherogenic dyslipidemia (LowHDL-cholesterol: OR = 10.9; p < 0.05) and autoimmune thyroid disorder (Highanti-thyroid-peroxidase: OR = 5.5; p < 0.05) and two in men: hepato-metabolic with elevated liver injury enzymes (HighHOMA-IR: OR = 6.1; p < 0.05) and immune type-2 response (HighIgE: OR = 6.4; p < 0.05). The chances of a couple’s subfertility rose with the number of laboratory components of metabolic syndrome in the couple (OR = 1.7; p < 0.05) and if at least one partner had an elevated total IgE level (>100 kU/L) (OR = 6.5; p < 0.05). This study found that unexplained subfertility may be accompanied by mutually overlapping immune and metabolic dysregulations in individuals and couples. We propose one-time laboratory diagnostics taking into account the lipid profile, insulin resistance, anti-thyroid-peroxidase, and total IgE in both males and females with unexplained subfertility. This may allow for a one-time assessment of targeted medical and nutritional interventions and help optimize patients’ health. The gut–organ axes related to subfertility are discussed in the context of the obtained results. © 2023 by the authors.
Insights into the promising prospect of pharmacological approaches targeting mitochondrial dysfunction in major human diseases: At a glance; Mitochondria, distinguished by their unique structural and functional attributes, play a substantial role in the pathology of numerous diseases, encompassing cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, and age-related neurodegenerative diseases. Grounded on the notion that the modulation of mitochondrial activity could harbor significant therapeutic potential, this study navigates through this innovative approach. The study further accentuates the promising role of mitochondrial proteins (MPs) as therapeutic targets, brought into the spotlight by recent advancements in the field. With 312 of the roughly estimated 1500 mitochondrial proteomes known to interact with small compounds, these MPs become conspicuous candidates for drug targeting. However, the current clinical trial landscape unveils a scarcity of drugs specifically targeting MPs, despite these interactions' involvement in a multitude of biological processes. The study acknowledges the recent surge in the number of identified proteins localizing to the mitochondria and the accessible MP 3D structures, paving the way for unparalleled experimental screening and in silico prediction of mitochondrial drug targets. It underscores the potential of mitochondrial drug targeting techniques and innovative mitochondrial targets with a view to shaping future mitochondrial-directed therapies. Embodying a novel, comprehensive methodology to mitochondrial therapeutics, the study not only delves into the underpinning mechanisms of mitochondrial dysfunction but also investigates the prospects of new drug-targeting techniques and potential mitochondrial targets. The integration of genetic, proteomic, and chemogenomic techniques provides a multifaceted approach to mitochondrial drug discovery. The pioneering strategy of administering biologically active compounds directly into the mitochondria of living cells could revolutionize our approach to disease treatment and prevention. The prospect of directing biologically active compounds to the mitochondria of living cells could potentially lead to new strategies for manipulating mitochondrial functionality and selectively safeguarding or exterminating cells, achieving therapeutic benefits in a host of disorders. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Mitochondrial Cristae Morphology Reflecting Metabolism, Superoxide Formation, Redox Homeostasis, and Pathology; Significance: Mitochondrial (mt) reticulum network in the cell possesses amazing ultramorphology of parallel lamellar cristae, formed by the invaginated inner mitochondrial membrane. Its non-invaginated part, the inner boundary membrane (IBM) forms a cylindrical sandwich with the outer mitochondrial membrane (OMM). Crista membranes (CMs) meet IBM at crista junctions (CJs) of mt cristae organizing system (MICOS) complexes connected to OMM sorting and assembly machinery (SAM). Cristae dimensions, shape, and CJs have characteristic patterns for different metabolic regimes, physiological and pathological situations. Recent Advances: Cristae-shaping proteins were characterized, namely rows of ATP-synthase dimers forming the crista lamella edges, MICOS subunits, optic atrophy 1 (OPA1) isoforms and mitochondrial genome maintenance 1 (MGM1) filaments, prohibitins, and others. Detailed cristae ultramorphology changes were imaged by focused-ion beam/scanning electron microscopy. Dynamics of crista lamellae and mobile CJs were demonstrated by nanoscopy in living cells. With tBID-induced apoptosis a single entirely fused cristae reticulum was observed in a mitochondrial spheroid. Critical Issues: The mobility and composition of MICOS, OPA1, and ATP-synthase dimeric rows regulated by post-translational modifications might be exclusively responsible for cristae morphology changes, but ion fluxes across CM and resulting osmotic forces might be also involved. Inevitably, cristae ultramorphology should reflect also mitochondrial redox homeostasis, but details are unknown. Disordered cristae typically reflect higher superoxide formation. Future Directions: To link redox homeostasis to cristae ultramorphology and define markers, recent progress will help in uncovering mechanisms involved in proton-coupled electron transfer via the respiratory chain and in regulation of cristae architecture, leading to structural determination of superoxide formation sites and cristae ultramorphology changes in diseases. Antioxid. Redox Signal. 39, 635–683. ª Petr Ježek et al., 2023; Published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Metformin Disrupts Signaling and Metabolism in Fetal Hepatocytes; Metformin is used by women during pregnancy to manage diabetes and crosses the placenta, yet its effects on the fetus are unclear. We show that the liver is a site of metformin action in fetal sheep and macaques, given relatively abundant OCT1 transporter expression and hepatic uptake following metformin infusion into fetal sheep. To determine the effects of metformin action, we performed studies in primary hepatocytes from fetal sheep, fetal macaques, and juvenile macaques. Metformin increases AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling, decreases mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling, and decreases glucose production in fetal and juvenile hepatocytes. Metformin also decreases oxygen consumption in fetal hepatocytes. Unique to fetal hepatocytes, metformin activates stress pathways (e.g., increased PGC1A gene expression, NRF-2 protein abundance, and phosphorylation of eIF2α and CREB proteins) alongside perturbations in hepatokine expression (e.g., increased growth/differentiation factor 15 [GDF15] and fibroblast growth factor 21 [FGF21] expression and decreased insulin-like growth factor 2 [IGF2] expression). Similarly, in liver tissue from sheep fetuses infused with metformin in vivo, AMPK phosphorylation, NRF-2 protein, and PGC1A expression are increased. These results demonstrate disruption of signaling and metabolism, induction of stress, and alterations in hepatokine expression in association with metformin exposure in fetal hepatocytes. © 2023 by the American Diabetes Association.
PFAS Exposures and the Human Metabolome: A Systematic Review of Epidemiological Studies; Purpose of Review: There is a growing interest in understanding the health effects of exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) through the study of the human metabolome. In this systematic review, we aimed to identify consistent findings between PFAS and metabolomic signatures. We conducted a search matching specific keywords that was independently reviewed by two authors on two databases (EMBASE and PubMed) from their inception through July 19, 2022 following PRISMA guidelines. Recent Findings: We identified a total of 28 eligible observational studies that evaluated the associations between 31 different PFAS exposures and metabolomics in humans. The most common exposure evaluated was legacy long-chain PFAS. Population sample sizes ranged from 40 to 1,105 participants at different stages across the lifespan. A total of 19 studies used a non-targeted metabolomics approach, 7 used targeted approaches, and 2 included both. The majority of studies were cross-sectional (n = 25), including four with prospective analyses of PFAS measured prior to metabolomics. Summary: Most frequently reported associations across studies were observed between PFAS and amino acids, fatty acids, glycerophospholipids, glycerolipids, phosphosphingolipids, bile acids, ceramides, purines, and acylcarnitines. Corresponding metabolic pathways were also altered, including lipid, amino acid, carbohydrate, nucleotide, energy metabolism, glycan biosynthesis and metabolism, and metabolism of cofactors and vitamins. We found consistent evidence across studies indicating PFAS-induced alterations in lipid and amino acid metabolites, which may be involved in energy and cell membrane disruption. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
EASL Clinical Practice Guidelines on the management of liver diseases in pregnancy; Liver diseases in pregnancy comprise both gestational liver disorders and acute and chronic hepatic disorders occurring coincidentally in pregnancy. Whether related to pregnancy or pre-existing, liver diseases in pregnancy are associated with a significant risk of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Thus, the European Association for the Study of Liver Disease invited a panel of experts to develop clinical practice guidelines aimed at providing recommendations, based on the best available evidence, for the management of liver disease in pregnancy for hepatologists, gastroenterologists, obstetric physicians, general physicians, obstetricians, specialists in training and other healthcare professionals who provide care for this patient population. © 2023 European Association for the Study of the Liver
Gut microbiota-based pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic study and molecular mechanism of specnuezhenide in the treatment of colorectal cancer targeting carboxylesterase; Specnuezhenide (SNZ) is among the main components of Fructus Ligustri Lucidi, which has anti-inflammation, anti-oxidation, and anti-tumor effect. The low bioavailability makes it difficult to explain the mechanism of pharmacological effect of SNZ. In this study, the role of the gut microbiota in the metabolism and pharmacokinetics characteristics of SNZ as well as the pharmacological meaning were explored. SNZ can be rapidly metabolized by the gut microbiome, and two intestinal bacterial metabolites of SNZ, salidroside and tyrosol, were discovered. In addition, carboxylesterase may be the main intestinal bacterial enzyme that mediates its metabolism. At the same time, no metabolism was found in the incubation system of SNZ with liver microsomes or liver homogenate, indicating that the gut microbiota is the main part involved in the metabolism of SNZ. In addition, pharmacokinetic studies showed that salidroside and tyrosol can be detected in plasma in the presence of gut microbiota. Interestingly, tumor development was inhibited in a colorectal tumor mice model administered orally with SNZ, which indicated that SNZ exhibited potential to inhibit tumor growth, and tissue distribution studies showed that salidroside and tyrosol could be distributed in tumor tissues. At the same time, SNZ modulated the structure of gut microbiota and fungal group, which may be the mechanism governing the antitumoral activity of SNZ. Furthermore, SNZ stimulates the secretion of short-chain fatty acids by intestinal flora in vitro and in vivo. In the future, targeting gut microbes and the interaction between natural products and gut microbes could lead to the discovery and development of new drugs. © 2023 The Authors
Pharmacological and Nutritional Modulation of Metabolome and Metagenome in Cardiometabolic Disorders; Cardiometabolic disorders are major causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. A growing body of research indicates that the gut microbiota, whether it interacts favorably or not, plays an important role in host metabolism. Elucidating metabolic pathways may be crucial in preventing and treating cardiometabolic diseases, and omics methods are key to studying the interaction between the fecal microbiota and host metabolism. This review summarizes available studies that combine metabolomic and metagenomic approaches to describe the effects of drugs, diet, nutrients, and specific foods on cardiometabolic health and to identify potential targets for future research. © 2023 by the authors.
A comprehensive untargeted metabolomics study in zebrafish embryos exposed to perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS); Perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS) is one of the short-chain perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs), and frequently detected in the environment, humans, and wildlife, but a detailed mechanism of toxicity has been not studied yet. In this study, a comprehensive set of polar metabolites was determined in i) the developing zebrafish embryo (4, 24, 48, 72, and 120 h post fertilization (hpf)), and ii) in the developing zebrafish after exposure to four concentrations of PFHxS (0.3, 1, 3, and 10 μM) from 24to 120 hpf. The temporal (developmental stages) distribution of individual metabolites (541 metabolites) in zebrafish provided comprehensive information about the biological roles of various metabolites in developing vertebrates such as genetic processes, energy metabolism, protein metabolism, and glycerophospholipid metabolism. PFHxS in zebrafish embryo showed time- and concentration- dependent bioaccumulation, and no baseline toxicity was expected at the test concentrations. However, effects on many metabolites were already observed at the lowest tested concentration (0.3 μM), and these effects were more pronounced at later stages of developmental (72 and 120 hpf). In addition to oxidative stress, the effects of PFHxS on zebrafish embryos were related to the disruption of the fatty acid oxidation (FAO), sugar metabolism, and other metabolic pathways. This study gave new and comprehensive information on the underlying mechanism of the toxicity of PFHxS. © 2023 The Authors
The Uterine Environment and Childhood Obesity Risk: Mechanisms and Predictions; Purpose of Review: Childhood obesity is a growing health problem in many populations, hence the urgent need to unravel the underlying mechanisms. Some evidence suggests that exposure to suboptimal intrauterine environments can program foetal metabolic health, with adverse consequences in later life, including susceptibility to childhood obesity. Findings: Factors such as high and low foetal birth weight, excessive gestational-weight-gain, maternal stress and smoking are all associated with increased risk of childhood obesity in observational studies. Animal models, where both genetic background and the postnatal environment can be carefully controlled, suggest that several different mechanisms, including epigenetic changes, dysregulation of adipose tissue development and programming of appetite, may be key drivers of developmental programming of childhood obesity. However, the influence of genetics and the post-natal environment are much more difficult to disentangle as independent effects in human studies, which are also complicated by low follow-up rates. Summary: Suboptimal intrauterine environments interact with maternal and foetal genetics and with the postnatal environment to contribute to the risk of childhood obesity. Maternal metabolic challenges, for example obesity and insulin resistance, contribute to the risk of foetal overgrowth and subsequent adiposity in childhood. To protect the long-term health of populations, research focusing on effective means of identifying and intervening in the transgenerational cycle of childhood obesity is required. © 2023, The Author(s).
Methods in Public Health Environmental Justice Research: a Scoping Review from 2018 to 2021; Purpose of Review: The volume of public health environmental justice (EJ) research produced by academic institutions increased through 2022. However, the methods used for evaluating EJ in exposure science and epidemiologic studies have not been catalogued. Here, we completed a scoping review of EJ studies published in 19 environmental science and epidemiologic journals from 2018 to 2021 to summarize research types, frameworks, and methods. Recent Findings: We identified 402 articles that included populations with health disparities as a part of EJ research question and met other inclusion criteria. Most studies (60%) evaluated EJ questions related to socioeconomic status (SES) or race/ethnicity. EJ studies took place in 69 countries, led by the US (n = 246 [61%]). Only 50% of studies explicitly described a theoretical EJ framework in the background, methods, or discussion and just 10% explicitly stated a framework in all three sections. Among exposure studies, the most common area-level exposure was air pollution (40%), whereas chemicals predominated personal exposure studies (35%). Overall, the most common method used for exposure-only EJ analyses was main effect regression modeling (50%); for epidemiologic studies the most common method was effect modification (58%), where an analysis evaluated a health disparity variable as an effect modifier. Summary: Based on the results of this scoping review, current methods in public health EJ studies could be bolstered by integrating expertise from other fields (e.g., sociology), conducting community-based participatory research and intervention studies, and using more rigorous, theory-based, and solution-oriented statistical research methods. © 2023, The Author(s).
Targeting Metabolic Syndrome in Hidradenitis Suppurativa by Phytochemicals as a Potential Complementary Therapeutic Strategy; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by the appearance of painful inflamed nodules, abscesses, and pus-draining sinus tracts in the intertriginous skin of the groins, buttocks, and perianal and axillary regions. Despite its high prevalence of ~0.4–1%, therapeutic options for HS are still limited. Over the past 10 years, it has become clear that HS is a systemic disease, associated with various comorbidities, including metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its sequelae. Accordingly, the life expectancy of HS patients is significantly reduced. MetS, in particular, obesity, can support sustained inflammation and thereby exacerbate skin manifestations and the chronification of HS. However, MetS actually lacks necessary attention in HS therapy, underlining the high medical need for novel therapeutic options. This review directs attention towards the relevance of MetS in HS and evaluates the potential of phytomedical drug candidates to alleviate its components. It starts by describing key facts about HS, the specifics of metabolic alterations in HS patients, and mechanisms by which obesity may exacerbate HS skin alterations. Then, the results from the preclinical studies with phytochemicals on MetS parameters are evaluated and the outcomes of respective randomized controlled clinical trials in healthy people and patients without HS are presented. © 2023 by the authors.
Prevention of adverse metabolic sequelae after intrauterine growth restriction; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR; also referred to fetal growth retardation) occurs in about 5–8% of all pregnancies and is often caused by insufficient intrauterine supply. The diagnosis is not made based on birth weight, but on serial ultrasound measurements documenting that intrauterine growth is shifting downward and crossing percentiles for gestational age. Since IUGR increases the risk for the development of certain metabolic and nonmetabolic diseases, the diagnosis of IUGR should not only be communicated between obstetricians and neonatologists, but pediatric, general medicine and internal medicine colleagues treating the patient should also be informed. Whether the elevated risk develops into manifest disease depends on numerous internal and external factors during life. During certain windows of development like the early postnatal period, individual adaption to environmental factors (e.g., duration of breastfeeding, nutrient composition of early diet) can help to prevent secondary disease throughout the lifespan. The present review highlights etiology, diagnostic work-up, and management of IUGR. In addition, we present epidemiological and experimental research which illustrates the association between IUGR and later metabolic disease. Furthermore, we discuss preconceptional and prenatal strategies to prevent IUGR and outline approaches for postnatal strategies to prevent metabolic disease after IUGR. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Ecological Toxic Effect of Perfluorinated Compounds on Fish Based on Meta-analysis; Perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are refractor)organic pollutants, which are characterized by ubiquity, bioaccumulation, and biological toxicity. To explore the biotoxic effects of PFAS on fish, this study reviewed 64 publications. The toxicity of PFAS on functional traits of fish exposed to PFAS was analyzed based on Meta-analysis combined with effect sizes, which provided reference for the toxicity assessment of PFAS and was conducive to the priority control and management of PFAS pollution. The results showed that; (L)of the 12 functional traits studied, seven were found to be vulnerable in fish; the order of toxicity response was malformation (In RR = - 2.559 9), development (In RR = - 0.410 3), cell damage (In RR = - 0. 396 2), reproduction (In RR = - 0.372 4), thyroid response (In RR = - 0.249 2), growth (lnRR = -0.2194), and survival (In RR = -0.2192). (2) The aquatic toxicity of PFAS was significantly affected by the sex and developmental stage of fish. PFAS tended to have adverse effects on female fish (In RR = - 0.162 8), and the physiological function of embryos was most significantly affected by PFAS (In RR = - 0. 355 3). (3) A total of 13 PFAS were involved in the study, among which PFAS with sulfonate groups and long-chains were more likely to have significant toxicity to the functional traits of fish (P<0. 05). v4) Existing data revealed that PFAS tended to produce acute toxicity to fish at medium and low concentrations (0. 01-10 mg*L~, P <0. 05). © 2023 Science Press. All rights reserved.
Naringenin improves ovarian health by reducing the serum androgen and eliminating follicular cysts in letrozole-induced polycystic ovary syndrome in the Sprague Dawley rats; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is most common in women of reproductive age, giving rise to androgen excess and anovulation, leading to infertility and non-reproductive complications. We explored the ameliorating effect of naringenin in PCOS using the Sprague Dawley (SD) rat model and human granulosa cells. Letrozole-induced PCOS rats were given either naringenin (50 mg/kg/day) alone or in combination with metformin (300 mg/kg/day), followed by the estrous cycle, hormonal analysis, and glucose sensitivity test. To evaluate the effect of naringenin on granulosa cell (hGC) steroidogenesis, we treated cells with naringenin (2.5 μM) alone or in combination with metformin (1 mM) in the presence of forskolin (10 μM). To determine the steroidogenesis of CYP-17A1, -19A1, and 3βHSD2, the protein expression levels were examined. Treatment with naringenin in the PCOS animal groups increased ovulation potential and decreased cystic follicles and levels of androgens. The expression levels of CYP-17A1, -19A1, and 3βHSD2, were seen restored in the ovary of PCOS SD rats' model and in the human ovarian cells in response to the naringenin. We found an increased expression level of phosphorylated-AKT in the ovary and hGCs by naringenin. Naringenin improves ovulation and suppress androgens and cystic follicles, involving AKT activation. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Does an apple a day keep away diseases? Evidence and mechanism of action; Apples and their products exemplify the recently reemphasized link between dietary fruit intake and the alleviation of human disease. Their consumption does indeed improve human health due to their high phytochemical content. To identify potentially relevant articles from clinical trials, some epidemiological studies and meta-analyses, and in vitro and in vivo studies (cell cultures and animal models), PubMed was searched from January 1, 2012, to May 15, 2022. This review summarized the potential effects of apple and apple products (juices, puree, pomace, dried apples, extracts rich in apple bioactives and single apple bioactives) on health. Apples and apple products have protective effects against cardiovascular diseases, cancer, as well as mild cognitive impairment and promote hair growth, healing of burn wounds, improve the oral environment, prevent niacin-induced skin flushing, promote the relief of UV-induced skin pigmentation, and improve the symptoms of atopic dermatitis as well as cedar hay fever among others. These effects are associated with various mechanisms, such as vascular endothelial protection, blood lipids lowering, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antiapoptotic, anti-invasion, and antimetastatic effects. Meanwhile, it has provided an important reference for the application and development of medicine, nutrition, and other fields. © 2023 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The effect of dietary carbohydrate restriction and aerobic exercise on retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) and fatty acid binding protein 5 (FABP5) in middle-aged men with metabolic syndrome; Exercise and dietary interventions have been described to positively affect metabolic syndrome (MetS) via molecular-induced changes. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary carbohydrate restriction and aerobic exercise (AE) on retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) and fatty acid binding protein 5 (FABP5) in middle-aged men with MetS. The study had a randomised, double-blinded, parallel-controlled design. Forty middle-aged men with MetS (age: 53·97 ± 2·85 years, BMI = 31·09 ± 1·04 kg/m2) were randomly assigned to four groups, AE (n 10), ketogenic diet (KD; n 10), AE combined with KD (AE + KD; n 10) or control (C; n 10). RBP4, FABP5, body composition (body mass, BMI and body fat), insulin resistance, insulin sensitivity and MetS factors were evaluated prior to and after the 12-week intervention. AE + KD significantly decreased the body fat percentage (P = 0·006), BMI (P = 0·001), Zmets (P = 0·017), RBP4 (P = 0·017) and the homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = 0·001) as compared with control group and marginally significantly decreased the Zmets as compared with exercise group (P = 0·086). KD significantly decreased RBP4 levels as compared with control group (P = 0·041). Only the AE intervention (P = 0·045) significantly decreased FABP5 levels. Combining intervention of carbohydrate restriction with AE compared with carbohydrate restriction and AE alone improved RBP4, HOMA-IR as well as different body composition and MetS factors in middle-aged men with MetS.  © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
Reproduction as a window to future health in women; Cultivating awareness for reproduction as a window to future health presents an opportunity for early identification and modification of risk factors that can affect both individual and population-level morbidity and mortality. Infertility could serve as both a window into future health as well as a pathway to future pathology. The underlying mechanisms of infertility may share common pathways with long-term risk for health and well-being. Making this identification early in the disease process may improve opportunities for intervention, and deepen our understanding of long-term risk. Additionally, fertility treatments may increase individual risk. Only by making these associations and designing studies to understand how disease and treatment risk impact health can we truly fulfill our goal of building healthy families. The aim of this review is to discuss the short-term impact of fertility challenges and treatment, long-term associations of infertility with morbidity and mortality, and the role of parity in modifying these risk associations. © 2023 American Society for Reproductive Medicine
The effects of long-term almond consumption on whole-body insulin sensitivity, postprandial glucose responses, and 48 h continuous glucose concentrations in males and females with prediabetes: a randomized controlled trial; Purpose: Findings concerning the effects of almond consumption on glucose metabolism are inconsistent which might relate to body weight gain. The effects of long-term almond consumption on glucose metabolism are investigated in a free-living setting without detailed dietary instructions in males and females with overweight/obesity and prediabetes. Methods: Forty-three participants volunteered in this randomized, cross-over trial with a 5-months control and intervention period and a 2-months wash-out. In the intervention period participants daily consumed 50 g whole almonds. At the end of both periods insulin sensitivity was assessed by a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp, and postprandial glucose responses, and 48 h continuous glucose concentrations were measured. Results: Almond consumption significantly decreased insulin sensitivity (P = 0.002), and increased postprandial glucose concentrations (P = 0.019), as well as fasting insulin concentrations (P = 0.003) as compared to the control period. The AUCs for 24 h glucose concentrations were not significantly different between control and intervention (P = 0.066). Almond consumption also significantly increased BMI (P = 0.002), and waist circumference (P = 0.013), supported by the concurrent increased energy intake (P = 0.031). The effects on glucose metabolism could only partly be explained by the observed weight gain as the almond effect remained after correcting for BMI changes. Conclusions: In participants with prediabetes, long-term almond consumption showed adverse effects on insulin sensitivity and glucose metabolism. As almonds seemed not to have fully replaced other food items, it might be necessary to provide more supporting guidelines on how to incorporate energy-dense nuts into healthy diets to prevent type 2 diabetes development. Clinical Trial Registration: This clinical trial was registered in February 2018 as NCT03419702. © 2023, The Author(s).
Chromogranin A and its derived peptides: potential regulators of cholesterol homeostasis; Chromogranin A (CHGA), a member of the granin family of proteins, has been an attractive therapeutic target and candidate biomarker for several cardiovascular, neurological, and inflammatory disorders. The prominence of CHGA stems from the pleiotropic roles of several bioactive peptides (e.g., catestatin, pancreastatin, vasostatins) generated by its proteolytic cleavage and by their wide anatomical distribution. These peptides are emerging as novel modulators of cardiometabolic diseases that are often linked to high blood cholesterol levels. However, their impact on cholesterol homeostasis is poorly understood. The dynamic nature of cholesterol and its multitudinous roles in almost every aspect of normal body function makes it an integral component of metabolic physiology. A tightly regulated coordination of cholesterol homeostasis is imperative for proper functioning of cellular and metabolic processes. The deregulation of cholesterol levels can result in several pathophysiological states. Although studies till date suggest regulatory roles for CHGA and its derived peptides on cholesterol levels, the mechanisms by which this is achieved still remain unclear. This review aims to aggregate and consolidate the available evidence linking CHGA with cholesterol homeostasis in health and disease. In addition, we also look at common molecular regulatory factors (viz., transcription factors and microRNAs) which could govern the expression of CHGA and genes involved in cholesterol homeostasis under basal and pathological conditions. In order to gain further insights into the pathways mediating cholesterol regulation by CHGA/its derived peptides, a few prospective signaling pathways are explored, which could act as primers for future studies. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Associations of plasma proteomics with type 2 diabetes and related traits: results from the longitudinal KORA S4/F4/FF4 Study; Aims/hypothesis: This study aimed to elucidate the aetiological role of plasma proteins in glucose metabolism and type 2 diabetes development. Methods: We measured 233 proteins at baseline in 1653 participants from the Cooperative Health Research in the Region of Augsburg (KORA) S4 cohort study (median follow-up time: 13.5 years). We used logistic regression in the cross-sectional analysis (n=1300), and Cox regression accounting for interval-censored data in the longitudinal analysis (n=1143). We further applied two-level growth models to investigate associations with repeatedly measured traits (fasting glucose, 2 h glucose, fasting insulin, HOMA-B, HOMA-IR, HbA1c), and two-sample Mendelian randomisation analysis to investigate causal associations. Moreover, we built prediction models using priority-Lasso on top of Framingham-Offspring Risk Score components and evaluated the prediction accuracy through AUC. Results: We identified 14, 24 and four proteins associated with prevalent prediabetes (i.e. impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose), prevalent newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes and incident type 2 diabetes, respectively (28 overlapping proteins). Of these, IL-17D, IL-18 receptor 1, carbonic anhydrase-5A, IL-1 receptor type 2 (IL-1RT2) and matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein were novel candidates. IGF binding protein 2 (IGFBP2), lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and paraoxonase 3 (PON3) were inversely associated while fibroblast growth factor 21 was positively associated with incident type 2 diabetes. LPL was longitudinally linked with change in glucose-related traits, while IGFBP2 and PON3 were linked with changes in both insulin- and glucose-related traits. Mendelian randomisation analysis suggested causal effects of LPL on type 2 diabetes and fasting insulin. The simultaneous addition of 12 priority-Lasso-selected biomarkers (IGFBP2, IL-18, IL-17D, complement component C1q receptor, V-set and immunoglobulin domain-containing protein 2, IL-1RT2, LPL, CUB domain-containing protein 1, vascular endothelial growth factor D, PON3, C-C motif chemokine 4 and tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase type 5) significantly improved the predictive performance (ΔAUC 0.0219; 95% CI 0.0052, 0.0624). Conclusions/interpretation: We identified new candidates involved in the development of derangements in glucose metabolism and type 2 diabetes and confirmed previously reported proteins. Our findings underscore the importance of proteins in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and the identified putative proteins can function as potential pharmacological targets for diabetes treatment and prevention. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Identification of novel antisense long non-coding RNA APMAP-AS that modulates porcine adipogenic differentiation and inflammatory responses; Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are emerging as powerful regulators of adipocyte differentiation, fat metabolism and gene expression. However, the functional roles and mechanisms of lncRNAs in these processes remain unclear. Here, we identified a novel antisense transcript, named APMAP-AS, transcribed from adipocyte membrane-associated protein (APMAP) in the pig genome. APMAP-AS and APMAP were highly expressed in retroperitoneal adipose of obese pigs, compared with that in control pigs. Using a bone mesenchymal stem cells (BMSCs) adipogenic differentiation model, we found that APMAP-AS positively regulated adipogenic differentiation. APMAP-AS had the potential to form an RNA–RNA duplex with APMAP, and increased the stability of APMAP mRNA. Additionally, APMAP-AS promoted lipid metabolism and inhibited the expression of inflammatory factors. These findings of a natural antisense transcript for a regulatory gene associated with lipid synthesis might further our understanding of lncRNAs in driving adaptive adipose tissue remodeling and preserving metabolic health. © 2023 CAAS. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V
Protective Effects of Medicinal Plant-Based Foods against Diabetes: A Review on Pharmacology, Phytochemistry, and Molecular Mechanisms; Diabetes mellitus (DM) comprises a range of metabolic disorders characterized by high blood glucose levels caused by defects in insulin release, insulin action, or both. DM is a widespread condition that affects a substantial portion of the global population, causing high morbidity and mortality rates. The prevalence of this major public health crisis is predicted to increase in the forthcoming years. Although several drugs are available to manage DM, these are associated with adverse side effects, which limits their use. In underdeveloped countries, where such drugs are often costly and not widely available, many people continue to rely on alternative traditional medicine, including medicinal plants. The latter serves as a source of primary healthcare and plant-based foods in many low- and middle-income countries. Interestingly, many of the phytochemicals they contain have been demonstrated to possess antidiabetic activity such as lowering blood glucose levels, stimulating insulin secretion, and alleviating diabetic complications. Therefore, such plants may provide protective effects that could be used in the management of DM. The purpose of this article was to review the medicinal plant-based foods traditionally used for the management of DM, including their therapeutic effects, pharmacologically active phytoconstituents, and antidiabetic mode of action at the molecular level. It also presents future avenues for research in this field. © 2023 by the authors.
System Biology Investigation Revealed Lipopolysaccharide and Alcohol-Induced Hepatocellular Carcinoma Resembled Hepatitis B Virus Immunobiology and Pathogenesis; Hepatitis B infection caused by the hepatitis B virus is a life-threatening cause of liver fibrosis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. Researchers have produced multiple in vivo models for hepatitis B virus (HBV) and, currently, there are no specific laboratory animal models available to study HBV pathogenesis or immune response; nonetheless, their limitations prevent them from being used to study HBV pathogenesis, immune response, or therapeutic methods because HBV can only infect humans and chimpanzees. The current study is the first of its kind to identify a suitable chemically induced liver cirrhosis/HCC model that parallels HBV pathophysiology. Initially, data from the peer-reviewed literature and the GeneCards database were compiled to identify the genes that HBV and seven drugs (acetaminophen, isoniazid, alcohol, D-galactosamine, lipopolysaccharide, thioacetamide, and rifampicin) regulate. Functional enrichment analysis was performed in the STRING server. The network HBV/Chemical, genes, and pathways were constructed by Cytoscape 3.6.1. About 1546 genes were modulated by HBV, of which 25.2% and 17.6% of the genes were common for alcohol and lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatitis. In accordance with the enrichment analysis, HBV activates the signaling pathways for apoptosis, cell cycle, PI3K-Akt, TNF, JAK-STAT, MAPK, chemokines, NF-kappa B, and TGF-beta. In addition, alcohol and lipopolysaccharide significantly activated these pathways more than other chemicals, with higher gene counts and lower FDR scores. In conclusion, alcohol-induced hepatitis could be a suitable model to study chronic HBV infection and lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatitis for an acute inflammatory response to HBV. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects on Fetal Metabolic Programming and Endocannabinoid System of a Normocaloric Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation of Female Mice with Pregestational Obesity; Fetal programming provides explanatory mechanisms for the currently high prevalence of gestational obesity. The endocannabinoid system (ECS) participates in the regulation of energy balance, and with a high-fat diet (HFD), it is overactivated. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of a nutritional intervention during pregnancy and lactation on obese female progenitors, on metabolic alterations of the offspring and on the involvement of ECS. Female mice (C57/BL/6-F0), 45 days old, and their offspring (males) were separated according to type of diet before and during gestation and lactation: CON-F1: control diet; HFD-F1 group: HFD (fat: 60% Kcal); INT-F1 group: HFD until mating and control diet (fat: 10% Kcal) afterward. Glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity (IS) were tested at 2 and 4 months. At 120 days, mice were sacrificed, plasma was extracted for the determination of hormones, and livers for gene expression and the protein level determination of ECS components. INT-F1 group presented a lower IS compared to CON-F1, and normal levels of adiponectin and corticosterone in relation to the HFD-F1 group. The intervention increased hepatic gene expression for fatty-acid amide hydrolase and monoacylglycerol lipase enzymes; however, these differences were not observed at the protein expression level. Our results suggest that this intervention model normalized some hormonal parameters and hepatic mRNA levels of ECS components that were altered in the offspring of progenitors with pre-pregnancy obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
Hyperinsulinemia is a probable trigger for weight gain and hyperphagia in individuals with Prader-Willi syndrome; Objective: Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is the most frequently diagnosed genetic cause of early childhood obesity. Individuals with PWS typically progress through 7 different nutritional phases during their lifetime. The main objective of this study was to assess potential factors, particularly insulin, that may be responsible for the weight gains in sub-phase 2a and their role in the subsequent increase in fat mass and obesity in sub-phase 2b and insatiable appetite in phase 3. Methods: Fasting plasma insulin levels were measured in children with PWS between the ages of 0–12 years and in age-matched non-PWS participants with early-onset major (clinically severe) obesity (EMO) and in healthy-weight sibling controls (SC). Results: Participants with PWS in nutritional phases 1a and 1b had plasma insulin levels comparable to SC. However, the transition from phase 1b up to phase 3 in the PWS group was accompanied by significant increases in insulin, coinciding in weight gains, obesity, and hyperphagia. Only individuals with PWS in phase 3 had comparable insulin levels to the EMO group who were higher than the SC group at any age. Conclusions: Elevated insulin signaling is a probable trigger for weight gain and onset of hyperphagia in children with Prader-Willi syndrome. Regulating insulin levels early in childhood before the onset of the early weight gain may be key in modulating the onset and severity of obesity and hyperphagia in individuals with PWS, as well as in other young children with non-PWS early-onset obesity. Preventing or reversing elevated insulin levels in PWS with pharmacological agents and/or through diet restrictions such as a combined low carbohydrate, low glycemic-load diet may be a viable therapeutic strategy in combating obesity in children with PWS and others with early childhood obesity. © 2023 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Plasma fatty acid composition and some markers of dietary habits are associated with cardiovascular disease risk determined by an atherogenic plasma index in postmenopausal women; It is hypothesized that plasma proportion of selected fatty acids (FAs) and dietary habits are linked with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in postmenopausal women. Therefore, this study was designed to determine the association of plasma FA composition and markers of dietary habits with an atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a predictor of CVD risk in postmenopausal women. In total, 87 postmenopausal women with an average age of 57 ± 7 years were recruited and their dietary intake, anthropometric and biochemical parameters, and FA status in total plasma lipid proportions were determined, showing that 65.5% of the participants had a high risk of CVD according to their AIP value. After adjusting for some confounders (age, body mass index, and physical activity level), the risk of CVD was only positively associated with the frequency of consumption of animal fat spreads (butter and lard) of terrestrial origin. Regarding the FA profile, CVD risk was positively associated with the percentages of vaccenic acid, dihomo-γ-linolenic acid, and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA; mainly n-7) in total FA, as well as the MUFA/SFA ratio in total plasma and stearoyl-CoA desaturase-16 activity (16:1/16:0 ratio). In contrast, the risk of CVD was negatively associated with percentages of α-linolenic acid, total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and PUFA/MUFA ratio in total plasma lipid, and the estimated activity of Δ5-desaturase (20:4/20:3 n-6 ratio). These results support the current recommendations to decrease the frequency of animal fat spread intake because it is associated with a reduced CVD risk based on AIP in postmenopausal women. In accordance with these plasma percentages of ALA, vaccenic acid, dihomo-γ-linolenic acid, PUFA, PUFA/MUFA ratio, and 16:1/16:0 ratio may be important parameters in CVD risk assessment. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
HDAC1 participates in polycystic ovary syndrome through histone modification by regulating H19/miR-29a-3p/NLRP3-mediated granulosa cell pyroptosis; Histone deacetylase 1 (HDAC1) is known to participate in the molecular etiology of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). However, its role in granulosa cell (GC) pyroptosis remains unclear. This study sought to investigate the mechanism of HDAC1 in PCOS-induced GC pyroptosis through histone modification. Clinical serum samples and the general data of study subjects were collected. PCOS mouse models were established using dehydroepiandrosterone and cell models were established in HGL5 cells using dihydrotestosterone. Expressions of HDAC1, H19, miR-29a-3p, and NLR family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) and pyroptosis-related proteins and levels of hormones and inflammatory cytokines were determined. Ovarian damage was observed by hematoxylin-eosin staining. Functional rescue experiments were conducted to verify the role of H19/miR-29a-3p/NLRP3 in GC pyroptosis in PCOS. HDAC1 and miR-29a-3p were downregulated whereas H19 and NLRP3 were upregulated in PCOS. HDAC1 upregulation attenuated ovarian damage and hormone disorders in PCOS mice and suppressed pyroptosis in ovarian tissues and HGL5 cells. HDAC1 inhibited H3K9ac on the H19 promoter and H19 competitively bound to miR-29a-3p to improve NLRP3 expression. Overexpressed H19 or NLRP3 or inhibited miR-29a-3p reversed the inhibition of GC pyroptosis by HDAC1 upregulation. Overall, HDAC1 suppressed GC pyroptosis in PCOS through deacetylation to regulate the H19/miR-29a-3p/NLRP3 axis. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
The Impact of Serum and Follicular Fluid Irisin on Oocyte and Embryonic Characteristics in Infertile Women Undergoing ICSI According to BMI; Background: Irisin is a recently identified myokine that acts like adipokines. It has been revealed to be connected with insulin resistance (IR), obesity, and metabolic syndrome. Objective: To investigate serum, follicular fluid (FF), irisin, and IR in lean, overweighed, and obese women undergoing the intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) cycle and correlate them with oocyte and embryo quality. Methods: Ninety infertile Iraqi women aged 18 to 40 years had primary or secondary infertility. They were enrolled in this study and divided into three groups according to body mass index ranking: the first group: twenty-seven normal-weighted females, the second group: thirty-five overweighed females, and the third group: twenty-eight obese females. ICSI was done for them to evaluate the level of serum and follicular fluid Irisin with the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) at the day of oocyte pickup and correlate them to the outcome. Results: HOMI-IR, serum, and FF Irisin levels were significantly higher in obese people. Also, there was a significant difference between groups in regard to MII, oocyte maturity rate, grade 1 embryo, and pregnancy outcome, which was less in the obese group. In addition, there was a significant negative correlation between HOMI-IR and irisin levels in serum and follicular fluid with MII oocyte count, oocyte maturity rate, embryo grade 1, and pregnancy outcome. Conclusion: Serum, follicular fluid Irisin, and HOMA-IR were significantly higher in obese cases than in lean cases, which may cause a reduction in the ICSI outcome. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Al-Rafidain University College. This is an open access journal issued under the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).
Does the Micronutrient Molybdenum Have a Role in Gestational Complications and Placental Health?; Molybdenum is an essential trace element for human health and survival, with molybdenum-containing enzymes catalysing multiple reactions in the metabolism of purines, aldehydes, and sulfur-containing amino acids. Recommended daily intakes vary globally, with molybdenum primarily sourced through the diet, and supplementation is not common. Although the benefits of molybdenum as an anti-diabetic and antioxidant inducer have been reported in the literature, there are conflicting data on the benefits of molybdenum for chronic diseases. Overexposure and deficiency can result in adverse health outcomes and mortality, although physiological doses remain largely unexplored in relation to human health. The lack of knowledge surrounding molybdenum intake and the role it plays in physiology is compounded during pregnancy. As pregnancy progresses, micronutrient demand increases, and diet is an established factor in programming gestational outcomes and maternal health. This review summarises the current literature concerning varied recommendations on molybdenum intake, the role of molybdenum and molybdoenzymes in physiology, and the contribution these play in gestational outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
Gene–Diet Interactions: Viability of Lactoferrin-Fortified Yoghurt as an Element of Diet Therapy in Patients Predisposed to Overweight and Obesity; Given the availability of molecular tools, population studies increasingly include the gen-diet interactions in their considerations. The use of these interactions allows for the obtaining of more uniform research groups. In practice, this translates into the possibility of reducing the size of the research group while maintaining the precision of the research. The research results obtained in this way can be used to select certain ingredients and foods in a dietary intervention with a higher degree of personalisation. In both prophylaxis and dietary therapy of overweight and obesity, the proper selection of bioactive ingredients best suited to the given group of consumers is of key importance. Hence, the aim of the presented study was to assess the effectiveness of a dietary intervention with the use of lactoferrin (LF)-fortified yoghurt, in terms of the ability to regulate body weight and carbohydrate metabolism in individuals whose genomes contained single nucleotide polymorphisms that predisposed them to increased accumulation of fatty tissue and consequently overweight or obesity. A group of 137 participants (98 women and 37 men) of Polish origin were screened for the presence of four single nucleotide polymorphisms (rs993960—FTO gene, rs7903146—TCF7L2 gene, rs10830963—MTNR1B gene, and rs1121980—FTO gene). Subsequently, a group of 19 participants diagnosed with the presence of risk factors within said SNPs underwent a 21-day dietary intervention (crossover study) with the use of yoghurt fortified with lactoferrin (200 mg/day). The results of the study revealed a genetic difference between the Polish population and the European average, in terms of the SNPs analysed. The dietary intervention showed a statistically significantly higher efficiency in terms of body mass reduction (p = 0.000) and lowering the glycated haemoglobin ratio (HbA1c) (p = 0.000) when consuming specially prepared yoghurt containing lactoferrin, as compared to results registered for unfortified yoghurt. Given the above, yoghurt fortified with LF should be considered as a viable element of diet therapy in overweight and obese patients diagnosed with risk factors within the analysed polymorphisms. © 2023 by the authors.
Role of CD93 in Health and Disease; CD93 (also known as complement protein 1 q subcomponent receptor C1qR1 or C1qRp), is a transmembrane glycoprotein encoded by a gene located on 20p11.21 and composed of 652 amino acids. CD93 can be present in two forms: soluble (sCD93) and membrane-bound (CD93). CD93 is mainly expressed on endothelial cells, where it plays a key role in promoting angiogenesis both in physiology and disease, such as age-related macular degeneration and tumor angiogenesis. In fact, CD93 is highly expressed in tumor-associated vessels and its presence correlates with a poor prognosis, poor immunotherapy response, immune cell infiltration and high tumor, node and metastasis (TNM) stage in many cancer types. CD93 is also expressed in hematopoietic stem cells, cytotrophoblast cells, platelets and many immune cells, i.e., monocytes, neutrophils, B cells and natural killer (NK) cells. Accordingly, CD93 is involved in modulating important inflammatory-associated diseases including systemic sclerosis and neuroinflammation. Finally, CD93 plays a role in cardiovascular disease development and progression. In this article, we reviewed the current literature regarding the role of CD93 in modulating angiogenesis, inflammation and tumor growth in order to understand where this glycoprotein could be a potential therapeutic target and could modify the outcome of the abovementioned pathologies. © 2023 by the authors.
Adipolin, Chemerin, Neprilysin and Metabolic Disorders Associated with Obesity; Adipolin, neprilysin, and chemerin have pleiotropic properties; therefore, their concentrations may influence health complications associated with obesity. The study aimed to search the relationship between adipokine levels and anthropometric and metabolic parameters as well as blood pressure values, taking into account the influence of gender and age. The study group consisted of 88 people aged 30–60 years. It was found that chemerin concentration is positively correlated with glycaemia in the 120′ OGTT (rs = 0.412; p = 0.030) in obese women. There was a negative correlation between adipolin and LDL-C serum concentration (rs = −0.414; p = 0.044) in obese individuals with normal glucose tolerance and a positive correlation between chemerin concentration and triglyceridemia (rs = 0.333; p = 0.033) in the men. Moreover, high chemerin levels (above median values) were observed 3.79 times more frequently (OR = 3.79; 95% CI: 1.03–13.91; p = 0.040) in the male population characterized by elevated triglyceride levels (above 1.7 mmol/L). In the logistic regression analyses, we found that the frequency of high plasma adipolin concentrations increases with age (p = 0.005) only in people with a BMI < 30 kg/m2. It was also shown that the concentrations of the studied adipokines are interrelated. Adipolin, neprilysin and chemerin concentrations are associated with selected anthropometric and metabolism exponents. © 2023 by the authors.
Effect of zinc supplementation on blood sugar control in the overweight and obese population: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Although overweight and obese people have a higher risk of type 2 diabetes incidence than normal-weight individuals, the efficacy of zinc supplementation in blood sugar control in overweight and obese people remained unknown. This meta-analysis attempted to address this issue. Methods: Databases including PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception until May 2022 to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the effects of zinc supplementation among participants who were overweight or obese without language restriction. It is a random-effect meta-analysis that analyzed the impact of zinc supplementation on fasting glucose (FG) (i.e., primary outcome) and other variables including fasting insulin (FI), homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and 2-hour postprandial glucose (2 h- PG). Results: Analysis of 12 eligible RCTs involving 651 overweight/obese participants demonstrated that zinc supplementation significantly improves FG (weighted mean difference [WMD]: −8.57 mg/dL; 95% confidence interval [CI]: −14.04 to −3.09 mg/dL, p = 0.002), HOMA-IR (WMD: −0.54; 95% CI: −0.78 to −0.30, p < 0.001), HbA1c (WMD: −0.25%; 95% CI: −0.43% to −0.07%, p = 0.006), and 2 h-PG (WMD: −18.42 mg/dL; 95% CI: −25.04 to −11.79 mg/dL, p < 0.001) compared to those in the control group. After conducting subgroup analyses, we found that the primary outcome, FG, showed more significant results in the subgroups with Asia, Zinc supplementation alone, higher dose (≥30 mg) and patients with diabetes. Conclusion: Our meta-analysis indicated that zinc supplementation benefits blood sugar control in overweight and obese populations, with an especially significant reduction in FG. © 2023 The Authors
Metabolic complications of glucocorticoids – Prevention by metformin; Glucocorticoid treatment is prescribed in 2 to 3% of the population for various diseases. Chronic exposure to excess glucocorticoid can lead to iatrogenic Cushing's syndrome, which is associated with increased morbidity, especially from cardiovascular diseases and infections. While several ‘steroid-sparing’ drugs have been introduced, glucocorticoid treatment is still applied in a large number of patients. We have previously showed that the enzyme AMPK plays a key role in mediating the metabolic effects of glucocorticoids. While metformin is the most widely used drug for treatment of diabetes mellitus, its mechanism of effect is still debated. Among several effects, it stimulates AMPK in peripheral tissue, affects the mitochondrial electron chain, influences gut bacteria and stimulates GDF15. We have hypothesised that metformin will counteract the metabolic effects of glucocorticoids, even in patients without diabetes. Two double-blind placebo-controlled randomised clinical studies were conducted: in the first, glucocorticoid-naive patients started metformin treatment early together with the glucocorticoid treatment. While in placebo group glycaemic indices worsened, these sequelae were prevented in the metformin group, suggesting a beneficial effect of metformin on glycaemic control in non-diabetic patients receiving glucocorticoid treatment. In the second study, we treated patients already on established glucocorticoid therapy for a longer period with metformin or placebo. In addition to the beneficial effects on glucose metabolism, we observed significant improvement in lipid, liver, fibrinolysis, bone and inflammatory parameters, as well as fat tissue and carotid intima media thickness. Moreover, patients had a lower risk of developing pneumonia and a reduced number of admissions to hospital, representing financial advantage for the health service. We believe that the routine use of metformin for patients on glucocorticoid treatment would represent a key advantage in the care for this patient population. © 2023 The Authors
Sex differences in glycolipidic disorders after exposure to maternal hyperglycemia during early development; Purpose: The aim of this review was to summarize sex differences in glycolipid metabolic phenotypes of human and animal models after exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and overview the underlying mechanisms, providing a new perspective on the maternal hyperglycemia-triggered risk of glycolipidic disorders in offspring. Methods: A comprehensive literature search within PubMed was performed. Selected publications related to studies on offspring exposed to maternal hyperglycemia investigating the sex differences of glycolipid metabolism were reviewed. Results: Maternal hyperglycemia increases the risk of glycolipid metabolic disorders in offspring, such as obesity, glucose intolerance and diabetes. Whether with or without intervention, metabolic phenotypes have been shown to exhibit sex differences between male and female offspring in response to maternal hyperglycemia, which may be related to gonadal hormones, organic intrinsic differences, placenta, and epigenetic modifications. Conclusion: Sex may play a role in the different incidences and pathogenesis of abnormal glycolipid metabolism. More studies investigating both sexes are needed to understand how and why environmental conditions in early life affect long-term health between male and female individuals. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Metabolomic Profiling in Children with Celiac Disease: Beyond the Gluten-Free Diet; Celiac disease (CD) is included in the group of complex or multifactorial diseases, i.e., those caused by the interaction of genetic and environmental factors. Despite a growing understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of the disease, diagnosis is still often delayed and there are no effective biomarkers for early diagnosis. The only current treatment, a gluten-free diet (GFD), can alleviate symptoms and restore intestinal villi, but its cellular effects remain poorly understood. To gain a comprehensive understanding of CD’s progression, it is crucial to advance knowledge across various scientific disciplines and explore what transpires after disease onset. Metabolomics studies hold particular significance in unravelling the complexities of multifactorial and multisystemic disorders, where environmental factors play a significant role in disease manifestation and progression. By analyzing metabolites, we can gain insights into the reasons behind CD’s occurrence, as well as better comprehend the impact of treatment initiation on patients. In this review, we present a collection of articles that showcase the latest breakthroughs in the field of metabolomics in pediatric CD, with the aim of trying to identify CD biomarkers for both early diagnosis and treatment monitoring. These advancements shed light on the potential of metabolomic analysis in enhancing our understanding of the disease and improving diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. More studies need to be designed to cover metabolic profiles in subjects at risk of developing the disease, as well as those analyzing biomarkers for follow-up treatment with a GFD. © 2023 by the authors.
Made in the Womb: Maternal Programming of Offspring Cardiovascular Function by an Obesogenic Womb; Obesity incidence has been increasing at an alarming rate, especially in women of reproductive age. It is estimated that 50% of pregnancies occur in overweight or obese women. It has been described that maternal obesity (MO) predisposes the offspring to an increased risk of developing many chronic diseases in an early stage of life, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). CVD is the main cause of death worldwide among men and women, and it is manifested in a sex-divergent way. Maternal nutrition and MO during gestation could prompt CVD development in the offspring through adaptations of the offspring’s cardiovascular system in the womb, including cardiac epigenetic and persistent metabolic programming of signaling pathways and modulation of mitochondrial metabolic function. Currently, despite diet supplementation, effective therapeutical solutions to prevent the deleterious cardiac offspring function programming by an obesogenic womb are lacking. In this review, we discuss the mechanisms by which an obesogenic intrauterine environment could program the offspring’s cardiovascular metabolism in a sex-divergent way, with a special focus on cardiac mitochondrial function, and debate possible strategies to implement during MO pregnancy that could ameliorate, revert, or even prevent deleterious effects of MO on the offspring’s cardiovascular system. The impact of maternal physical exercise during an obesogenic pregnancy, nutritional interventions, and supplementation on offspring’s cardiac metabolism are discussed, highlighting changes that may be favorable to MO offspring’s cardiovascular health, which might result in the attenuation or even prevention of the development of CVD in MO offspring. The objectives of this manuscript are to comprehensively examine the various aspects of MO during pregnancy and explore the underlying mechanisms that contribute to an increased CVD risk in the offspring. We review the current literature on MO and its impact on the offspring’s cardiometabolic health. Furthermore, we discuss the potential long-term consequences for the offspring. Understanding the multifaceted effects of MO on the offspring’s health is crucial for healthcare providers, researchers, and policymakers to develop effective strategies for prevention and intervention to improve care. © 2023 by the authors.
Comparison of oxidative stress markers in the saliva, gingival crevicular fluid, and serum samples of pregnant women with gestational diabetes and healthy pregnant women; Background and Objective: To compare oxidative stress (OS) markers in the saliva, gingival crevicular fluid (GCF), and serum samples of pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM) and healthy pregnant women and to investigate the association between periodontal health/diseases and OS and GDM. Method: Eighty women with GDM and 80 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Medical and clinical anamnesis was obtained from all the pregnant women included in the study, and their plaque index (PI), gingival index (GI), bleeding on probing (BoP), probing pocket depth (PPD), and clinical attachment level (CAL) measurements were performed. GCF, saliva, and serum samples were collected for the measurements of the local and systemic total antioxidant status (TAS) and total oxidant status (TOS). Results: Clinical periodontal parameters were found to be significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the control group. The serum and saliva TAS, TOS, and TAS/TOS values were significantly lower in the GDM group than in the control group. In the analysis of the GCF samples, the mean TAS and TAS/TOS values were significantly lower and the TOS value was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group. The multivariate reduced model indicated that gravidity, salivary TAS/TOS, and GCF TAS were significant independent variables in the development of GDM (p <.05). Conclusion: Our results indicated that the OS of serum, saliva, and GCF samples increased in patients with GDM compared to healthy pregnant women. The role of local OS parameters in GDM may be associated with elevated clinical periodontal parameters. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Natural Drugs: A New Direction for the Prevention and Treatment of Diabetes; Insulin resistance, as a common pathological process of many metabolic diseases, including diabetes and obesity, has attracted much attention due to its relevant influencing factors. To date, studies have mainly focused on the shared mechanisms between mitochondrial stress and insulin resistance, and they are now being pursued as a very attractive therapeutic target due to their extensive involvement in many human clinical settings. In view of the complex pathogenesis of diabetes, natural drugs have become new players in diabetes prevention and treatment because of their wide targets and few side effects. In particular, plant phenolics have received attention because of their close relationship with oxidative stress. In this review, we briefly review the mechanisms by which mitochondrial stress leads to insulin resistance. Moreover, we list some cytokines and genes that have recently been found to play roles in mitochondrial stress and insulin resistance. Furthermore, we describe several natural drugs that are currently widely used and give a brief overview of their therapeutic mechanisms. Finally, we suggest possible ideas for future research related to the unique role that natural drugs play in the treatment of insulin resistance through the above targets. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal factors and the placenta: A programming environment for cardiovascular disease; The risk of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases (CVD) during postnatal life is not only determined by environmental factors in adulthood but also by intra-uterine and early life environment according to the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) concept. Environmental insults including poor nutrition, oxygen availability, maternal stress, alcohol, smoking and drugs, can compromise the maternal uterine and lactational environment leading to short-and long-term adaptations in offspring physiology or programming. While short-term predictive adaptive responses may offer immediate survival value, they can lead to irreversible changes in embryonic/fetal tissues and organs mediated through changes in cellular signalling and metabolic pathways, as well as endocrine axes governing whole-body function. The capacity for developmental adaptation may also be determined by both genetic susceptibility and epigenetic mechanisms, as well as environmentally induced changes in maternal microbiome structure and composition. Basic mechanisms involved in the development of CVD have been described in previous chapters. Here we will focus on how mechanisms involved in developmental programming may contribute to CVD in adulthood. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers. All rights reserved.
Metabolic risk factors in prepubertal and pubertal patients with overweight and obesity; Objectives: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of conditions linked to obesity that increases cardiovascular risk. We evaluated the frequency of clinical abnormalities associated with overweight and obesity in childhood, to determine whether a diagnosis of MetS is appropriate in this population. Methods: Cross-sectional study with 116 pubertal and prepubertal children with a mean age (SD) of 10.9 (2.5) years, with overweight and obesity. We defined MetS using the International Diabetes Federation criteria, regardless of the age. Results: 45 patients met the criteria, 20 had at least one metabolic abnormality in addition to a high waist circumference (WC), and seven with WC below percentile 90th, had at least one metabolic abnormality. The prepubertal had higher zBMI [3.1 (2.6-3.8) vs. 2.8 (2.4-3.3); p=0.037], less lean body mass (kg) [27.13 (7.3) vs. 34.13 (9.8); p=0.005] and a similar frequency of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) compared to the pubertal [44.7 vs. 35.9; p=0.323]. Prepubertal with NAFLD had higher zBMI, lower HDL levels, higher TG/HDL ratios and higher fat percentages; while pubertal with NAFLD had higher WC/height, aspartate aminotransferase and oxaloacetic transaminase. Conclusions: The diagnosis of MetS in childhood is not fundamental. Individualized management, focusing on the earliest age groups, in which we identified a more severe degree of obesity, should be done. We also recommend screening for NAFLD in all ages, due to the high prevalence observed.  © 2023 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Evaluation of bioactive compounds as antimicrobial and antidiabetic agent from the crude extract of Heliotropium curassavicum L.; In recent years, there is a hypothesis that halophytes, plants that thrive in extremely salty environments, may secrete bioactive compounds that may help reduce the negative effects of stress. These phytochemicals might be superior starting materials for creating new medicines. The goal of this study was to use three distinct solvents to describe the physiologically active compounds found in Heliotropium curassavicum L. which exhibited antimicrobial and anti-diabetic properties. Common phytochemical screening assays, an in vitro antidiabetic assay (using Alpha-glucosidase and Alpha-amylase), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, and a toxicity study utilizing brine shrimp were all used to analyze bioactive compounds. The plant extracts' antimicrobial efficacy was tested using the well diffusion method. Ethyl acetate extract of H.curassavicum contained the highest potency of Alkaloids, saponins, phenolics, flavonoids, steroids, cardiac glycosides, tannins, and terpenoids are examples of bioactive phytocompounds. The results of the antimicrobial assays revealed that at a concentration of 50 mg/ml, all three plant extracts demonstrated significant susceptibility to Bacillus cereus, Escherichia coli, and Staphylococcus aureus among the pathogens tested. Invitro antidiabetic study revealed that ethyl acetate extract exhibits 60% of inhibition with a IC 50 value of 0.36 ± 06, The IC 50 value of the standard was 0.2319 mg/mL. The current study provides insight into the potential of halophytes as a natural source of secondary metabolites and bioactive chemicals with antimicrobial and anti-diabetic properties. © 2023
Ectopic Lipid Accumulation Correlates with Cellular Stress in Rabbit Blastocysts from Diabetic Mothers; Maternal diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy leads to hyperlipidemia in reproductive tract organs and an altered embryonic environment. To investigate the consequences on embryonic metabolism, the effect of high environmental-lipid levels was studied in rabbit blastocysts cultured with a lipid mixture in vitro and in blastocysts from diabetic, hyperlipidemic rabbits in vivo. The gene and protein expression of marker molecules involved in lipid metabolism and stress response were analyzed. In diabetic rabbits, the expression of embryoblast genes encoding carnitine palmityl transferase 1 and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors α and γ increased, whereas trophoblast genes encoding for proteins associated with fatty acid synthesis and β-oxidation decreased. Markers for endoplasmic (activating transcription factor 4) and oxidative stress (nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2) were increased in embryoblasts, while markers for cellular redox status (superoxide dismutase 2) and stress (heat shock protein 70) were increased in trophoblasts from diabetic rabbits. The observed regulation pattern in vivo was consistent with an adaptation response to the hyperlipidemic environment, suggesting that maternal lipids have an impact on the intracellular metabolism of the preimplantation embryo in diabetic pregnancy and that embryoblasts are particularly vulnerable to metabolic stress. © 2023 by the authors.
Antiobesity Effects of Lactobacillus paracasei Subsp. paracasei, L. casei 431 on High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats; Obesity is currently regarded as a global concern, and the key objectives of the global health strategy include its prevention and control. Probiotic supplementation can help achieve these objectives. This study aimed to assess whether a probiotic strain Lactobacillus paracasei ssp. paracasei, Lactobacillus casei 431 (henceforth, L. casei 431) possesses antiobesogenic properties. High-fat diet-induced obese Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with L. casei 431 for 10 weeks, and the outcomes were compared with those of rats treated with the antiobesity medication orlistat. Body weights, epididymal fat, and tissues from mice were assessed. Furthermore, serological and histological analyses were performed. Epididymal fat accumulation was significantly reduced in groups administered L. casei 431 and orlistat. Furthermore, L. casei 431 and orlistat treatments lowered serum alanine transaminase, aspartate aminotransferase, and triglyceride (TG) levels. Hematoxylin and eosin staining of the liver and epididymal adipose tissues showed that the L. casei 431-treated groups exhibited reduced lipid buildup and adipocyte size. Furthermore, sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1c, adipose TG lipase, and lipoprotein lipase messenger RNA (mRNA) levels were upregulated, leading to lipid oxidation and degradation, in L. casei 431-supplemented groups. Furthermore, carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1, a major factor in lipolysis, was consistently upregulated at the protein level after L. casei 431 administration. Collectively, these results demonstrate the potential of L. casei 431 in alleviating obesity in rats through optimizing lipid metabolism and some related biomarkers.  © 2023, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers, and Korean Society of Food Science and Nutrition.
Detection methods, migration patterns, and health effects of pesticide residues in tea; Due to its rich health benefits and unique cultural charm, tea drinking is increasingly popular with the public in modern society. The safety of tea is the top priority that affects the development of tea industry and the health of consumers. During the process of tea growth, pesticides are used to prevent the invasion of pests and diseases with maintaining high quality and stable yield. Because hot water brewing is the traditional way of tea consumption, water is the main carrier for pesticide residues in tea into human body accompanied by potential risks. In this review, pesticides used in tea gardens are divided into two categories according to their solubility, among which water-soluble pesticides pose a greater risk. We summarized the methods of the sample pretreatment and detection of pesticide residues and expounded the migration patterns and influencing factors of tea throughout the process of growth, processing, storage, and consumption. Moreover, the toxicity and safety of pesticide residues and diseases caused by human intake were analyzed. The risk assessment and traceability of pesticide residues in tea were carried out, and potential eco-friendly improvement strategies were proposed. The review is expected to provide a valuable reference for reducing risks of pesticide residues in tea and ensuring the safety of tea consumption. © 2023 Institute of Food Technologists®.
PFOA exposure induces aberrant glucose and lipid metabolism in the rat liver through the AMPK/mTOR pathway; Perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) is the most prominent member of a widely utilized family of compounds named Perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs). Initially produced for use in both industrial and consumer applications, it has since been recognized that PFASs are extremely persistent in the environment where they have been characterized as persistent organic pollutants (POPs). While previous studies have demonstrated that PFOA may induce disorders of lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, the precise mechanisms by which PFOA produces this phenotype and the involvement of downstream AMPK/mTOR pathways remains unclear. In this study, male rats were exposed to 1.25, 5 and 20 mg PFOA/kg body weight/day for 28 days by oral gavage. After 28 days, blood was collected and tested for serum biochemical indicators and livers were removed and weighed. To investigate aberrant metabolism in rats exposed to PFOA, livers were analyzed by performing LC-MS/MS untargeted metabolomics, quantitative real-time PCR, western blotting, immunohistochemical staining was also performed on exposed tissues. Our results showed that exposure to PFOA induced liver damage, increased the expression of glucose and lipid related biochemical indexes in liver and serum, and altered the expression levels of AMPK/mTOR pathway related genes and proteins. In summary, this study clarifies the mechanisms responsible for PFOA toxicity in the liver of exposed animals. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
The 7-day Beverage Intake Questionnaire for Latino Children: Validation of a Culturally Tailored Tool; Objective: To validate a culturally tailored 7-day beverage intake questionnaire for Latino children (BIQ-L). Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: Federally qualified health center in San Francisco, CA. Participants: Latino parents and their children aged 1–5 years (n = 105). Variables Measured: Parents completed the BIQ-L for each child and three 24-hour dietary recalls. Participants’ height and weight were measured. Analysis: Correlations between the mean intake of beverages in 4 categories as determined by the BIQ-L and three 24-hour dietary recalls were assessed. Multivariable linear regression examined the association between sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) servings as determined by the BIQ-L and child body mass index z-score. Results: Mean daily intake of SSB (r = 0.52, P < 0.001), 100% fruit juice (r = 0.45, P < 0.001), flavored milk (r = 0.7, P < 0.001), and unflavored milk (r = 0.7, P < 0.001) from the BIQ-L were correlated with intake assessed via three 24-hour dietary recalls. In the multivariable model, weekly servings of SSBs were associated with child body mass index z-score (β = 0.15, P = 0.02). Culturally specific beverages comprised 38% of the SSB intake reported on the BIQ-L. Conclusions and Implications: The BIQ-L is a valid tool for assessing beverage intake among Latino children aged 1–5 years. The inclusion of culturally specific beverages is critical for accurately assessing beverage intake among Latino children. © 2023 Society for Nutrition Education and Behavior
Fecal Microbiota Transplantation for Weight and Glycemic Control of Obesity as Well as the Associated Metabolic Diseases: Meta-Analysis and Comprehensive Assessment; Objectives: An analysis of the weight and blood glucose management associated with fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) as well as metabolic diseases associated with FMT was conducted by the authors in order to provide clinical recommendations regarding the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for papers that were published between the creation of the database and October 2022. We reviewed research that investigated how FMT affected weight and glycemic management in cases of obesity and metabolic conditions that are related to obesity. Studies that were published more than once, lacked the entire text, included insufficient information, or were impossible to extract data from were excluded. Additionally, case reports, reviews, and systematic reviews were excluded from the analysis. In order to analyze the data, STATA 15.1 was used. Outcomes: When we combined all of our findings, we discovered that pooled outcomes showed that weight levels (WMD equals −4.77, 95%CI: −7.40~−2.14), BMI levels (WMD equals −1.59, 95%CI: −2.21~−0.97), HOMA-IR (WMD equals −0.79, 95%CI: −1.57~−0.00), and HbA1c (WMD equals −0.65, 95%CI: −0.75~−0.55) after FMT treatment were significantly lower than before treatment. However, FMT treatment may have no effect on glucose and insulin levels in obese patients at fasting and related metabolic diseases. Additionally, subgroup analysis outcomes found that FMT significantly reduced fasting blood glucose in people with diabetes. Conclusions: As a weight loss and glycemic control therapy, FMT helps to prevent and treat metabolic problems linked to obesity, and is a viable alternative to bariatric surgery for patients who do not wish to undergo the procedure. © 2023 by the authors.
What the BTBR/J mouse has taught us about diabetes and diabetic complications; Human and mouse genetics have delivered numerous diabetogenic loci, but it is mainly through the use of animal models that the pathophysiological basis for their contribution to diabetes has been investigated. More than 20 years ago, we serendipidously identified a mouse strain that could serve as a model of obesity-prone type 2 diabetes, the BTBR (Black and Tan Brachyury) mouse (BTBR T+ Itpr3tf/J, 2018) carrying the Lepob mutation. We went on to discover that the BTBR-Lepob mouse is an excellent model of diabetic nephropathy and is now widely used by nephrologists in academia and the pharmaceutical industry. In this review, we describe the motivation for developing this animal model, the many genes identified and the insights about diabetes and diabetes complications derived from >100 studies conducted in this remarkable animal model. © 2023 The Author(s)
Maternal Vitamin D and Inulin Supplementation in Oxidized Oil Diet Improves Growth Performance and Hepatic Innate Immunity in Offspring Mice; Dietary oxidized fat contains harmful materials such as hydrogen peroxide and malondialdehyde (MDA). Excessive oxidized fat intake during pregnancy and lactation not only leads to maternal body injury but also damages offspring health. Our previous study demonstrated that vitamin D (VD) had antioxidative capability in sows. This study was conducted to investigate the effect of maternal VD and inulin supplementation in oxidized oil diet on the growth performance and oxidative stress of their offspring. Sixty 5-month-old C57BL/6N female mice were randomly divided into five groups: Control group (basal diet, n = 12), OF group (oxidized-soybean-oil-replaced diet, n = 12), OFV group (oxidized-soybean-oil-replaced diet + 7000 IU/kg VD, n = 12), OFI group (oxidized-soybean-oil-replaced diet + 5% inulin, n = 12) and OFVI group (oxidized-soybean-oil-replaced diet + 7000 IU/kg VD + 5% inulin, n = 12). Mice were fed with the respective diet during pregnancy and lactation. The offspring were then slaughtered on day 21 of age at weaning. Results showed that a maternal oxidized oil diet impaired body weight and liver weight gain of offspring during lactation compared to the control group, while maternal VD, inulin or VD and inulin mixture supplementation reversed this effect. In addition, the activity of T-AOC in the liver of offspring was lower in the OF group than that in the control group, but could be restored by maternal VD and inulin mixture supplementation. Furthermore, the gene expression of both proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines, such as Il-6, Tnfα and Il-10, in offspring liver were downregulated by a maternal oxidized oil diet compared with the control group, but they were restored by maternal VD or VD and inulin mixture supplementation. The expressions of Vdr and Cyp27a1 were decreased by a maternal oxidized oil diet compared with the control group, while they could be increased by VD or VD and inulin mixture supplementation. Conclusion: maternal oxidized oil diet intake could impair the growth performance by inducing oxidative stress, but this can be relieved by maternal VD and inulin supplementation. © 2023 by the authors.
GLP-1 analogs and regional adiposity: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) analogs regulate body weight and liver steatosis. Different body adipose tissue (AT) depots exhibit biological variability. Accordingly, GLP-1 analog effects on AT distribution are unclear. Objectives: To investigate GLP1-analog effects on adiposity distribution. Search methods: PubMed, Cochrane, and Scopus databases were screened for eligible randomized human trials. Pre-defined endpoints included visceral AT (VAT), subcutaneous AT (SAT), total AT (TAT), epicardial AT (EAT), liver AT (LAT), and waist-to-hip ratio (W:H). Search was conducted until May 17, 2022. Data collection and analysis: Data extraction and bias assessment were performed by two independent investigators. Treatment effects were estimated using random effects models. Analyses were performed on Review Manager v5.3. Main results: Out of the 367 screened studies, 45 were included in the systematic review and 35 were used in the meta-analysis. GLP-1 analogs reduced VAT, SAT, TAT, LAT, and EAT, with non-significant effects on W:H. Overall bias risk was low. Conclusions: GLP-1 analog treatment reduces TAT, affecting most studied AT depots, including the pathogenic VAT, EAT, and LAT. GLP-1 analogs may have significant roles in combating metabolic, obesity-associated diseases via reductions of key AT depot volumes. © 2023 The Authors. Obesity Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of World Obesity Federation.
The maternal gut microbiome during pregnancy and its role in maternal and infant health; There is growing knowledge that the maternal gut microbiome undergoes substantial changes during pregnancy. However, despite the recognition that the maternal gut microbiome influences maternal and infant health, we still have a limited understanding of the clinical and environmental factors that can impact the maternal gut microbiome during pregnancy and the consequences of these changes. Here, we review the current body of knowledge about factors shaping the maternal gut microbiome during pregnancy and its role in the development of pregnancy complications and infant health. © 2023 The Authors
Compensatory Increase of Serum Hepassocin Protects Hyperthyroidism-Induced Hepatic Dysfunction; Hepatic dysfunction is commonly observed in subjects with hyperthyroidism. Hepassocin is a hepatokine playing an important role in metabolic diseases and exhibiting a hepatic protective effect. Nevertheless, the relationship between hepassocin and hyperthyroidism was still unknown. In the present study, a total of 36 subjects with Graves’ disease were enrolled, and we found that the alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels were significantly decreased in parallel with the decrement in serum hepassocin concentrations at 6 months after standard treatment for hyperthyroidism. In addition, HepG2 cell line was used to investigate the role of hepassocin in hyperthyroidism-induced hepatic dysfunction. Treatment of hepassocin recombinant protein in HepG2 cells dose-dependently decreased triiodothyronine (T3)-induced ALT and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) elevation. Moreover, hepassocin significantly increased the expression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) in a dose-dependent manner. Deletion of hepassocin in HepG2 cells reversed the effects of T3 on PEPCK expressions. Furthermore, we found that T3 increased the expression of hepassocin through a hepatocyte nuclear factor 1α-dependent pathway. Taken together, these results indicated a compensatory increase in serum hepassocin might have a protective role in hyperthyroidism-induced hepatic dysfunction. © 2023 by the authors.
Analysis of dietary patterns on cardiovascular risks in children: from a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study; Objectives: Diet is one of the main risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD), while the evidence about the relationship between dietary pattern (DP) and CVD in children is scarce. This study aims to explore the association between DP and CVD risk in children. Study design: This was a cross-sectional and longitudinal study. Methods: This research was conducted among 4351 children aged 6–12 years old in 2014, then the subgroup children in 2014 were followed up in 2019. Dietary intakes were assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. DP was clustered based on 15 food items, and finally, four main DPs were obtained. Results: Four major DPs were identified: (1) low intake of nuts and algae pattern, (2) low-energy intake pattern, (3) high-energy intake pattern, and (4) regular DP. Compared with the regular diet pattern, the low intake of nuts and algae pattern was associated with the increased risk of higher systolic blood pressure (107.71 mm Hg vs 105.78 mm Hg, P < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (64.98 mm Hg vs 63.91 mm Hg, P = 0.0056), hypertension (odds ratio [OR]:1.44, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.10, 1.88; P = 0.0036), dyslipidemia (OR: 2.41, 95% CI: 1.28, 4.52; P = 0.0194), and obesity (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.16, 1.89; P = 0.0003) in children from a cross-sectional aspect in 2014 and it was also found associated with an increased risk of hypertension (OR: 2.67, 95% CI: 1.45, 4.92; P = 0.0017) in 2019. Conclusions: Low nuts and algae intake combinations in children seemed associated with increased CVD risk. Such findings are imperative for national development of dietary recommendation for the prevention of CVDs. © 2023 The Royal Society for Public Health
MicroRNA-7: A New Intervention Target for Inflammation and Related Diseases; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small noncoding RNA that can regulate physiological and pathological processes through post-transcriptional regulatory gene expression. As an important member of the miRNAs family, microRNA-7 (miR-7) was first discovered in 2001 to play an important regulatory role in tissue and organ development. Studies have shown that miR-7 participates in various tissue and organ development processes, tumorigenesis, aging, and other processes by regulating different target molecules. Notably, a series of recent studies have determined that miR-7 plays a key regulatory role in the occurrence of inflammation and related diseases. In particular, miR-7 can affect the immune response of the body by influencing T cell activation, macrophage function, dendritic cell (DC) maturation, inflammatory body activation, and other mechanisms, which has important potential application value in the intervention of related diseases. This article reviews the current regulatory role of miR-7 in inflammation and related diseases, including viral infection, autoimmune hepatitis, inflammatory bowel disease, and encephalitis. It expounds on the molecular mechanism by which miR-7 regulates the occurrence of inflammatory diseases. Finally, the existing problems and future development directions of miR-7-based intervention on inflammation and related diseases are discussed to provide new references and help strengthen the understanding of the pathogenesis of inflammation and related diseases, as well as the development of new strategies for clinical intervention. © 2023 by the authors.
MicroRNA-574–5p targeting HOXC6 expression inhibits the hepatocyte lipid uptake to alleviate non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the main causes of liver disease that has reached its last stage. Over the past few years, evidence for miRNAs' centrality in NAFLD pathogenesis has accumulated. According to some studies, miR-574–5p plays a role in lipid metabolism. However, research on the relationship between miR-574–5p and NAFLD is lacking. For in vivo experiments, we induced the NAFLD mice model with a high-fat diet (HFD). AgomiR-574–5p was injected intravenously into HFD-fed mice for eight weeks, and qPCR was used to identify the expression of miR-574–5p in the serum. In in vitro experiments, The treatment of L-O2 cells with a miR-574–5p mimic resulted in a significant reduction in lipid deposition, suggesting that miR-574–5p can inhibit lipid accumulation and lipid formation induced by OA. The dual-luciferase reporter gene assay revealed that miR-574–5p targets the 3′ UTR region of HOXC6 directly. We discovered that OA-induced lipid accumulation in hepatocytes might be mediated through the miR-574-5p-HOXC6 signaling axis. Additional research is required in order to determine the specific mechanism by which HOXC6 downstream pathways are involved in the miR-574–5p induced lipid uptake. © 2023
Effects of miR-33 Deficiency on Metabolic and Cardiovascular Diseases: Implications for Therapeutic Intervention; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that post-transcriptionally inhibit gene expression. These small molecules are involved in several biological conditions such as inflammation, cell growth and proliferation, and regulation of energy metabolism. In the context of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, miR-33 is of particular interest as it has been implicated in the regulation of lipid and glucose metabolism. This miRNA is located in introns harboured in the genes encoding sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1 and SREBP-2, which are key transcription factors involved in lipid biosynthesis and cholesterol efflux. This review outlines the role of miR-33 in a range of metabolic and cardiovascular pathologies, such as dyslipidaemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), obesity, diabetes, atherosclerosis, and abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA), and it provides discussion about the effectiveness of miR-33 deficiency as a possible therapeutic strategy to prevent the development of these diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Plasma carnitine, choline, γ-butyrobetaine, and trimethylamine-N-oxide, but not zonulin, are reduced in overweight/obese patients with pre/diabetes or impaired glycemia; Background and aims: Zonulin, carnitine, choline, γ-butyrobetaine (γ-BB), and trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) are intricately involved in metabolic anomalies and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D). This study aimed to compare and correlate the plasma levels of zonulin, carnitine, choline, γ-butyrobetaine, and TMAO, along with the adiposity, atherogenicity, surrogate insulin resistance (sIR), and proinflammatory hematological indices of newly diagnosed drug-naive prediabetic and diabetic patients vs. apparently healthy normoglycemic controls. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, 30 normoglycemic subjects (controls) and 16 prediabetic (preDM) and 14 type 2 diabetes (T2D) cases, that were gender and age-matched, were enrolled. Zonulin, carnitine, choline, γ-BB, and TMAO plasma levels were appraised using colorimetric assays. A comparison between the study groups was conducted by ANOVA while Spearman rank correlations between the metabolic risk biomarkers and between the risk markers and adiposity, sIR, atherogenicity, and proinflammatory hematological indices were also examined. Results: Significant intergroup discrepancies in plasma carnitine, choline, γ-BB, and TMAO (but not zonulin) could be recognized in the cases vs. controls. Fasting blood glucose (FPG), glycated hemoglobin (A1C), triglycerides (TGs), body mass index (BMI), lipid accumulation product (LAP), visceral adiposity index (VAI), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), and all sIR were outstandingly higher in the cases vs. controls. Blood indices lacked a scoring value to discriminate cases from controls. Inadvertently, no relation was found between plasma carnitine, choline, γ-BB, TMAO, or zonulin in cases. Among the rest of the markers and sIR indices, the triglyceride glucose-body mass index (TyG*BMI) related reciprocally to zonulin. Noticeably, among adiposity indices, TyG*BMI, triglyceride glucose-waist circumference (TyG*WC), and metabolic score for insulin resistance (MetS-IR) positively associated with waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), BMI, body adiposity index (BAI), and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR). Exceptionally, LAP proportionally correlated with all sIR. TyG*WC and MetS-IR correlated directly with the conicity index (CI). WHR directly associated with triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and TyG*WC. Remarkably, the TyG index (but not TyG*BMI, TyG*WC, or MetS-IR) positively associated with all atherogenicity indices and RDW (but none of other blood indices). TMAO correlated inversely (p < 0.05) and moderately with choline. Distinctively, carnitine associated negatively with TC (p < 0.05). Both choline and carnitine related similarly and directly with PLR but inversely with lymphocytes (p<.05). Effectively, γ-butyrobetaine associated with both WC and the TyG-WC index equally negatively (p < 0.05). Substantially, γ-butyrobetaine correlated inversely with both atherogenic LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and MPV (p < 0.05). No pronounced relations were detected between the five microbiome signature determinants and glycemic control parameters (FBG and A1C%), sIR (TyG, TyG-BMI, or MetS-IR), adiposity (WHR, WHtR, CI, BAI, LAP, or VAI), atherogenicity indices (TC/HDL-C ratio, non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio, or AIP), or blood indices (NLR or MLR). Conclusion: Given the intergroup discrepancies in sIR, plasma zonulin, carnitine, choline, γ-BB, and TMAO along with their elective correlations with indices and clinical parameters of metabolic dysregulations, our study cannot rule out any possible molecular crosstalk and interplay of the biomarkers studied with the pathophysiology of prediabetes/diabetes. All in all, plasma zonulin, carnitine, choline, γ-BB, and TMAO with sIR can be putative surrogates for molecular cardiometabolic risk biomarkers to use as prognostic/predictive tools for the diagnosis/prevention and potential targets for prediabetes/diabetes management modalities. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Evaluation of 2-year outcomes in infants born to mothers with and without NAFLD in pregnancy; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects an estimated 17% of pregnant patients in the USA. However, there are limited data on the impact of maternal NAFLD on pediatric outcomes. We prospectively evaluated outcomes in infants born to mothers with and without NAFLD in pregnancy over their first 2 years of life. Maternal subjects were identified through an ongoing prospective study in which pregnant individuals were screened for NAFLD. Pediatric outcomes of infants born to these mothers—including adverse neonatal outcomes and weight and weight-for-length percentile at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months—were prospectively evaluated. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to evaluate the association of maternal NAFLD with pediatric outcomes, as well as to adjust for potentially confounding maternal characteristics. Six hundred thirty-eight infants were included in our cohort. The primary outcomes assessed were weight and growth throughout the first 2 years of life. Maternal NAFLD was also not associated with increased infant birth weight or weight-for-gestational-age percentile or weight or weight-for-length percentile over the first 2 years of life. Maternal NAFLD was significantly associated with very premature delivery before 32 weeks, even after adjustment for confounding maternal characteristics (aOR = 2.83, p = 0.05). Maternal NAFLD was also significantly associated with neonatal jaundice, including after adjusting for maternal race (aOR = 1.67, p = 0.03). However, maternal NAFLD was not significantly associated with any other adverse neonatal outcomes. Conclusion: Maternal NAFLD may be independently associated with very premature birth and neonatal jaundice but was not associated with other adverse neonatal outcomes. Maternal NAFLD was also not associated with any differences in infant growth over the first 2 years of life. What is Known: • Maternal NAFLD in pregnancy may be associated with adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes, but the findings are inconsistent across the literature. What is New: • Maternal NAFLD is not associated with any differences in weight at birth or growth over the first 2 years of life. • Maternal NAFLD is associated with very premature delivery and neonatal jaundice, but is not associated with other adverse neonatal outcomes. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Connecting the dots in the associations between diet, obesity, cancer, and microRNAs; The prevalence of obesity has reached pandemic levels worldwide, leading to a lower quality of life and higher health costs. Obesity is a major risk factor for noncommunicable diseases, including cancer, although obesity is one of the major preventable causes of cancer. Lifestyle factors, such as dietary quality and patterns, are also closely related to the onset and development of obesity and cancer. However, the mechanisms underlying the complex association between diet, obesity, and cancer remain unclear. In the past few decades, microRNAs (miRNAs), a class of small non-coding RNAs, have been demonstrated to play critical roles in biological processes such as cell differentiation, proliferation, and metabolism, highlighting their importance in disease development and suppression and as therapeutic targets. miRNA expression levels can be modulated by diet and are involved in cancer and obesity-related diseases. Circulating miRNAs can also mediate cell-to-cell communications. These multiple aspects of miRNAs present challenges in understanding and integrating their mechanism of action. Here, we introduce a general consideration of the associations between diet, obesity, and cancer and review the current knowledge of the molecular functions of miRNA in each context. A comprehensive understanding of the interplay between diet, obesity, and cancer could be valuable for the development of effective preventive and therapeutic strategies in future. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Familial Partial Lipodystrophy: Clinical Features, Genetics and Treatment in a Greek Referral Center; Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is a rare syndrome in which a patient’s phenotype is not merely dependent on the specific genetic mutation, but it is also defined by a combination of other demographic, environmental and genetic factors. In this prospective observational study in a Greek referral center, we enrolled 39 patients who fulfilled the clinical criteria of FPLD. A genetic analysis was conducted, which included sequence and deletion/duplication analyses of the LMNA and PPRARG genes, along with anthropometric and metabolic parameters. The treatment responses of patients who were eligible for treatment with metreleptin were evaluated at 3 and 12 months. In most of the patients, no significant changes were detected at the exon level, and any mutations that led to changes at the protein level were not associated with the lipodystrophic phenotype. On the contrary, various changes were detected at the intron level, especially in introns 7 and 10, whose clinical significance is considered unknown. In addition, treatment with metreleptin in specific FPLD patients significantly improved glycemic and lipidemic control, an effect which was sustained at the 12-month follow-up. More large-scale studies are necessary to clarify the genetic and allelic heterogeneity of the disease, along with other parameters which could predict treatment response. © 2023 by the authors.
15-Hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitor SW033291 ameliorates hepatic abnormal lipid metabolism, ER stress, and inflammation through PGE2/EP4 in T2DM mice; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a rapidly growing epidemic that results in increased morbidity, mortality, and soaring medical costs. Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), a vital lipid mediator, has been reported to protect against hepatic steatosis, inflammation, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, and insulin resistance, indicating its potential therapeutic role in T2DM. PGE2 can be degraded by 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (15-PGDH). SW033291, an inhibitor of 15-PGDH, has been reported to increase PGE2 levels, however, the effect of SW033291 in T2DM remains to be explored. This study aims to evaluate whether SW033291 protects against T2DM and explore its potential mechanisms. A T2DM mouse model was established through high-fat diet/streptozotocin injection, while palmitic acid-treated mouse primary hepatocytes were used as insulin-resistant cell models. SW033291 treatment reduced body weight, fat weight, fasting blood glucose, and improved impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance in T2DM mice. More importantly, SW033291 alleviated steatosis, inflammation, and ER stress in the liver of T2DM mice. Mechanistically, SW033291 decreased the expressions of SREBP-1c and ACC1, and increased the expression of PPARα in T2DM mice. Additionally, SW033291 inhibited NF-κB and eIF2α/CHOP signaling in T2DM mice. Further, we showed that the protective effects of SW033291 on the above-mentioned pathophysiological processes could be hindered by inhibition of the PGE2 receptor EP4. Overall, our study reveals a novel role of SW033291 in alleviating T2DM and suggests its potential as a new therapeutic strategy for T2DM. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Cord blood fatty acid binding protein 4 and lipids in infants born small- or large-for-gestational-age; Aim: Adverse (poor or excessive) fetal growth “programs” an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes. Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been implicated in regulating insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism relevant to fetal growth. We sought to determine whether FABP4 is associated with poor or excessive fetal growth and fetal lipids. Methods: In a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort including 60 trios of small-for-gestational-age (SGA, an indicator of poor fetal growth), large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of excessive fetal growth) and optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control) infants, we measured cord blood concentrations of FABP4 and lipids [high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterols, triglycerides (TG)]. Results: Adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics, higher cord blood FABP4 concentrations were associated with a lower odds of SGA [OR = 0.29 (0.11–0.77) per log unit increment in FABP4, P = 0.01], but were not associated with LGA (P = 0.46). Cord blood FABP4 was positively correlated with both LDL (r = 0.29, P = 0.025) and HDL (r = 0.33, P = 0.01) in LGA infants only. Conclusion: FABP4 was inversely associated with the risk of SGA. The study is the first to demonstrate LGA-specific positive correlations of cord blood FABP4 with HDL and LDL cholesterols, suggesting a role of FABP4 in fetal lipid metabolism in subjects with excessive fetal growth. 2023 Liu, Zheng, Tao, Huang, Zhang, Yang, Xu, Wang, He, Fang, Dong, Fan, Zhang, Ouyang, Li and Luo.
Fetal Organophosphate Pesticide Exposure and Child Adiposity Measures at 10 Years of Age in the General Dutch Population; BACKGROUND: Fetal exposure to organophosphate (OP) pesticides might lead to fetal metabolic adaptations, predisposing individuals to adverse metabolic profiles in later life. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association of maternal urinary OP pesticide metabolite concentrations in pregnancy with offspring body mass index (BMI) and fat measures at 10 years of age. METHODS: Between 2002 and 2006, we included 642 mother–child pairs from the Generation R Study, a population-based prospective cohort study in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. We measured maternal urinary concentrations of OP pesticide metabolites, namely, dialkyl phosphates, including three dimethyl and three diethyl phosphates in early-, mid-and late-pregnancy. At 10 years of age, child total and regional body fat and lean mass were measured through dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and abdominal and organ fat through magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Higher maternal urinary pregnancy-average or trimester-specific dialkyl, dimethyl, or diethyl phosphate concentrations were not associated with childhood BMI and the risk of overweight. In addition, we did not observe any association of dialkyl, dimethyl, or diethyl phosphate concentrations with total and regional body fat, abdominal visceral fat, liver fat, or pericardial fat at child age of 10 y. CONCLUSION: We observed no associations of maternal urinary dialkyl concentrations during pregnancy with childhood adiposity measures at 10 years of age. Whether these associations develop at older ages should be further studied. © 2023, Public Health Services, US Dept of Health and Human Services. All rights reserved.
The Role of Chemerin in Metabolic and Cardiovascular Disease: A Literature Review of Its Physiology and Pathology from a Nutritional Perspective; Chemerin is a novel adipokine that plays a major role in adipogenesis and lipid metabolism. It also induces inflammation and affects insulin signaling, steroidogenesis and thermogenesis. Consequently, it likely contributes to a variety of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, including atherosclerosis, diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. This review describes its origin and receptors, as well as its role in various diseases, and subsequently summarizes how nutrition affects its levels. It concludes that vitamin A, fat, glucose and alcohol generally upregulate chemerin, while omega-3, salt and vitamin D suppress it. Dietary measures rather than drugs acting as chemerin receptor antagonists might become a novel tool to suppress chemerin effects, thereby potentially improving the aforementioned diseases. However, more detailed studies are required to fully understand chemerin regulation. © 2023 by the authors.
Polysaccharides from small black soybean alleviating type 2 diabetes via modulation of gut microbiota and serum metabolism; Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is a complex metabolic disorder associated with chronic high blood sugar and insulin resistance. Small black soybean, as a medicinal soybean, is used for tonifying kidney and spleen in traditional Chinese medicine. We performed the antidiabtic effect and mechanism of crude polysaccharides extracted from small black soybean (SB) by gut microbiota and metabolic modulation in STZ-induced diabetic rats. It is found that SB improved symptoms of hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia and regulated linoleic acid metabolism. In addition, the relative abundance of Ruminococcus, Oscillospira, Dorea and Mucispirillum were modified by the middle dose of SB and these bacterial genera showed strong association with 6 vital metabolites and 10 risk indicators of T2DM. Additionally, it is further showed that 400 mg/kg pure polysaccharides exhibited more favorable antidiabetic activity than crude polysaccharides, which suggest that the antidiabetic effect of small black bean polysaccharides attributes to the pure polysaccharides. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Healthy regulation of Tibetan Brassica rapa L. polysaccharides on alleviating hyperlipidemia: A rodent study; Hyperlipidemia is a common metabolic disorder, which can lead to obesity, hypertension, diabetes, atherosclerosis and other diseases. Studies have shown that polysaccharides absorbed by the intestinal tract can regulate blood lipids and facilitate the growth of intestinal flora. This article aims to investigate whether Tibetan turnip polysaccharide (TTP) plays a protective role in blood lipid and intestinal health via hepatic and intestinal axes. Here we show that TTP helps to reduce the size of adipocytes and the accumulation of liver fat, playing a dose-dependent effect on ADPN levels, suggesting an effect on lipid metabolism regulation. Meantime, TTP intervention results in the downregulation of intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and serum inflammatory factors (interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α)), implying that TTP suppresses the progression of inflammation in the body. The expression of key enzymes associated with cholesterol and triglyceride synthesis, such as 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR), cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase (CYP7A1), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors γ (PPARγ), acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), fatty acid synthetase (FAS) and sterol-regulatory element binding proteins-1c (SREBP-1c), can be modulated by TTP. Furthermore, TTP also alleviates the damage to intestinal tissues caused by high-fat diet, restores the integrity of the intestinal barrier, improves the composition and abundance of the intestinal flora and increases the levels of SCFAs. This study provides a theoretical basis for the regulation of body rhythm by functional foods and potential intervention in patients with hyperlipidemia. © 2023
Role of flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) in disease prevention and treatment; Seeds of flax or linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) are important nutraceutical foods with antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, estrogenic, laxative, and antibacterial properties. Flaxseed oil and seeds are the richest vegetarian source of omega-3 fatty acids. Consumption of flaxseeds helps in prevention and control of cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative disorders, obesity, diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome, gout, liver and kidney dysfunction, oxidative stress-related diseases, post-menopausal symptoms, osteoporosis, irritable bowel syndrome, dry eye disease, cystic fibrosis, diarrhea, and cancer, particularly of the mammary and prostate gland cancer. Of late, flaxseed is gaining more importance not only because of its industrial values but also due to its nutraceutical and pharmaceutical properties. The literature review was performed using PubMed, Scopus, PubMed Central, Google Scholar, and Web of Science from 1995 onwards. Data was also obtained from websites/books/book chapters. © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
Association of single nucleotide polymorphisms with dyslipidemia and risk of metabolic disorders in the State of Qatar; Background: Dyslipidemia is recognized as one of the risk factors of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Objective: The study aimed to investigate the association between selected single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) with dyslipidemia and increased susceptibility risks of CVD, NAFLD, and/or T2DM in dyslipidemia patients in comparison with healthy control individuals from the Qatar genome project. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 2933 adults (859 dyslipidemia patients and 2074 healthy control individuals) from April to December 2021 to investigate the association between 331 selected SNPs with dyslipidemia and increased susceptibility risks of CVD, NAFLD and/or T2DM, and covariates. Results: The genotypic frequencies of six SNPs were found to be significantly different in dyslipidemia patients subjects compared to the control group among males and females. In males, three SNPs were found to be significant, the rs11172113 in over-dominant model, the rs646776 in recessive and over-dominant models, and the rs1111875 in dominant model. On the other hand, two SNPs were found to be significant in females, including rs2954029 in recessive model, and rs1801251 in dominant and recessive models. The rs17514846 SNP was found for dominant and over-dominant models among males and only the dominant model for females. We found that the six SNPs linked to gender type had an influence in relation to disease susceptibility. When controlling for the four covariates (gender, obesity, hypertension, and diabetes), the difference between dyslipidemia and the control group remained significant for the six variants. Finally, males were three times more likely to have dyslipidemia in comparison with females, hypertension was two times more likely to be present in the dyslipidemia group, and diabetes was six times more likely to be in the dyslipidemia group. Conclusion: The current investigation provides evidence of association for a common SNP to coronary heart disease and suggests a sex-dependent effect and encourage potential therapeutic applications. © 2023 The Authors. Molecular Genetics & Genomic Medicine published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Silica nanoparticles promoted pro-inflammatory macrophage and foam cell transformation via ROS/PPARγ/NF-κB signaling; Experimental evidence has pointed out silica nanoparticles (SiNPs) possessing a proatherogenic capability. However, the interplay between SiNPs and macrophages in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis was poorly understood. Here, we demonstrated SiNPs could promote macrophage adhesion to endothelial cells, accompanied by elevated Vcam1 and Mcp1. Upon SiNPs stimuli, macrophages manifested enhanced phagocytic activity and a pro-inflammatory phenotype, as reflected by the transcriptional determination of M1/M2-related biomarkers. In particular, our data certified the increased macrophage M1 subset facilitated more lipid accumulation and resultant foam cell transformation in comparison to the M2 phenotype. More importantly, the mechanistic investigations revealed ROS-mediated PPARγ/NF-κB signaling was a key contributor to the above phenomena. That was, SiNPs caused ROS accumulation in macrophages, resulting in the deactivation of PPARγ, nuclear translocation of NF-κB, ultimately contributing to macrophage phenotype shift toward M1 and foam cell transformation. Collectively, we first revealed SiNPs facilitated pro-inflammatory macrophage and foam cell transformation via ROS/PPARγ/NF-κB signaling. These data would provide new insight into the atherogenic property of SiNPs in a macrophage model. © 2023
Targeting gut microbiota and metabolism as the major probiotic mechanism - An evidence-based review; Background: The human gut hosts complex microbial communities, which are linked to health and disease. The gut microbiota is continuously reshaped by multiple environmental factors, especially diet. Gut dysbiosis may promote various metabolic, neurological, intestinal, and cardiovascular diseases, and even tumor development. Probiotics have shown promising prophylactic, mitigating, or even curative effects when use as nutrient supplements or adjunctive therapy. These beneficial and/or symptom alleviation effects are often accompanied by gut microbiome and metabolome changes. Scope and approach: Differing from other published review articles, here we summarized the latest knowledge of evidence-based health-promoting effects of probiotics by scouring literature of recent animal and human probiotic intervention studies. Key findings and conclusions: To elucidate the beneficial mechanisms of probiotics in enhancing intestinal homeostasis, intestinal barrier function, host immunity, and through modulating the gut microbiome and its metabolites. Meanwhile, we also discussed challenges in data analysis in clinical research of probiotics and data comparison between laboratories, and provides an outlook for future perspectives in the applications of probiotics. Key findings and conclusions: The beneficial mechanisms of probiotics are achieved through enhancing intestinal homeostasis, intestinal barrier function, host immunity, and gut microbiome and metabolome modulation. Current challenges in data analysis and comparison in clinical research of probiotics are discussed. Finally, an outlook for future perspectives in the applications of probiotics is provided. © 2023 The Authors
Leptin–VEGF crosstalk in excess body mass and related disorders: A systematic review; By 2030, it is expected that a billion people will have suffer from obesity. Adipose tissue synthesizes leptin, an adipokine that affects cardiovascular risk. Leptin intensifies the synthesis of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). Our study reviews recent reports on leptin–VEGF crosstalk in obesity and related disorders. PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched. One hundred and one articles involving human, animal, and in vitro research were included. In vitro studies show the crucial role of interaction between endothelial cells and adipocytes and hypoxia as a factor that intensifies leptin's effects on VEGF. Leptin–VEGF crosstalk promotes the progression of cancer. The animal research reveal that a high-fat diet enhances leptin and VEGF crosstalk. Genetic and epigenetic mechanisms and procreator-offspring programming may be involved in leptin–VEGF crosstalk. Some female-specific characteristics of leptin–VEGF relation in obesity were observed. The human studies have shown that increased leptin and VEGF synthesis and leptin–VEGF crosstalk are factors linking obesity with elevated cardiovascular risk. The studies of the last 10 years documented a range of significant aspects of leptin–VEGF crosstalk specific for obesity and related disorders, shedding new light on the link between obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. © 2023 World Obesity Federation.
Preptin Deficiency Does Not Protect against High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Dysfunction or Bone Loss in Mice; Preptin is derived from the cleavage of the E-peptide of pro-insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-II and is an insulin secretagogue. Observational studies have linked elevated circulating preptin to metabolic dysfunction in humans; however, a causal role for preptin in metabolic dysfunction has not been established. Additionally, preptin can promote osteoblast proliferation and differentiation, suggesting a link with skeletal health. We previously described a global preptin knockout (KO) model. In this study, we sought to uncover the impact of preptin KO in mice on the response to a moderately high-fat diet (HFD) and low-fat diet (LFD). HFD groups had higher weight and fat mass gain, lower trabecular and cortical bone volume and fracture load, and higher liver triglycerides. In males, preptin deficiency led to lower blood glucose than wild-type (WT) mice under LFD conditions. This was accompanied by differences in bone microarchitecture, including lower trabecular bone volume fraction, trabecular number, and lower cortical thickness. These differences were absent in female mice, although KO females had a HFD-driven increase in fat mass and liver triglycerides that was absent in WT mice. Female WT mice had increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion under HFD conditions that was absent in female KO mice. Overall, preptin may have a detrimental impact on metabolism and a positive impact on bone health in male mice and may protect against liver fat storage in females while enabling islet compensation under HFD conditions. When we consider that serum preptin levels are elevated in humans of both sexes in pathological states in which insulin levels are elevated, the impact of preptin on comorbidity risk needs to be better understood. © 2023 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. © 2023 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Lipid metabolism dysfunction following symbiont elimination is linked to altered Kennedy pathway homeostasis; Lipid metabolism is critical for insect reproduction, especially for species that invest heavily in the early developmental stages of their offspring. The role of symbiotic bacteria during this process is understudied but likely essential. We examined the role of lipid metabolism during the interaction between the viviparous tsetse fly (Glossina morsitans morsitans) and its obligate endosymbiotic bacteria (Wigglesworthia glossinidia) during tsetse pregnancy. We observed increased CTP:phosphocholine cytidylyltransferase (cct1) expression during pregnancy, which is critical for phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis in the Kennedy pathway. Experimental removal of Wigglesworthia impaired lipid metabolism via disruption of the Kennedy pathway, yielding obese mothers whose developing progeny starve. Functional validation via experimental cct1 suppression revealed a phenotype similar to females lacking obligate Wigglesworthia symbionts. These results indicate that, in Glossina, symbiont-derived factors, likely B vitamins, are critical for the proper function of both lipid biosynthesis and lipolysis to maintain tsetse fly fecundity. © 2023 The Author(s)
The role of extracellular vesicle-derived miRNAs in adipose tissue function and metabolic health; Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are nanometer size lipid particles that are released from virtually every cell type. Recent studies have shown that miRNAs carried by EVs play important roles in intercellular and interorgan communication. In the context of obesity and insulin resistance, EV-derived miRNAs functionally bridge major metabolic organs, including the adipose tissue, skeletal muscle, liver, and pancreas, to regulate insulin secretion and signaling. As a result, many of these EV-derived miRNAs have been proposed as potential disease biomarkers and/or therapeutic agents. However, the field’s knowledge of EV miRNA-mediated regulation of mammalian metabolism is still in its infancy. Here, we review the evidence indicating that EV-derived miRNAs provide cell-to-cell and organ-to-organ communication to support metabolic health, highlight the potential medical relevance of these discoveries, and discuss the most important knowledge gaps and future directions for this field. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s), Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. This paper is published under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Effects on Diabetic Mice of Consuming Lipid Extracted from Foxtail Millet (Setaria italica): Gut Microbiota Analysis and Serum Metabolomics; Millet and its components have received much extensive attention for their health benefits in mitigating metabolic diseases. Foxtail millet is rich in phytochemicals, including oil. However, the hypoglycemic capacity of foxtail millet oil has yet to be fully investigated. The present study explored the effects of consuming this oil as the lipid extract of foxtail millet (LEFM) on intestinal microbiota composition and metabolic function in diabetic mice. After eight weeks of LEFM supplementation, the blood glucose, insulin resistance index, and lipid accumulation of diabetic mice were significantly decreased. In addition, LEFM feeding modulated gut microbiota composition, reduced the abundance of harmful bacteria (Escherichia-Shigella, Peptococcus, and norank_f_Oscillospiraceae), induced a bloom of probiotics, especially short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria (Adlercreutzia, Faecalibaculum, and Bifidobacterium), and increased SCFAs concentration. LEFM treatment altered serum metabolite levels, for instance, greatly increasing the levels of l-carnitine and l-glutamine and reducing S-acetyldihydrolipoamide-E and sphingosine. Overall, improvements in gut microbiota and metabolic function were associated with the hypoglycemic potential of LEFM. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Noncanonical Regulation of cAMP-dependent Insulin Secretion and Its Implications in Type 2 Diabetes; Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and β-cell dysfunction in insulin resistance associated with obesity lead to type 2 diabetes (T2D). Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) from β-cells occurs via a canonical pathway that involves glucose metabolism, ATP generation, inactivation of KATP channels, plasma membrane depolarization, and increases in cytosolic concentrations of [Ca2+ ]c . However, optimal insulin secretion requires amplification of GSIS by increases in cyclic adeno-sine monophosphate (cAMP) signaling. The cAMP effectors protein kinase A (PKA) and exchange factor activated by cyclic-AMP (Epac) regulate membrane depolarization, gene expression, and trafficking and fusion of insulin granules to the plasma membrane for amplifying GSIS. The widely recognized lipid signaling generated within β-cells by the β-isoform of Ca2+-independent phospho-lipase A2 enzyme (iPLA2 β) participates in cAMP-stimulated insulin secretion (cSIS). Recent work has identified the role of a G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) activated signaling by the complement 1q like-3 (C1ql3) secreted protein in inhibiting cSIS. In the IGT state, cSIS is attenuated, and the β-cell function is reduced. Interestingly, while β-cell-specific deletion of iPLA2 β reduces cAMP-mediated amplification of GSIS, the loss of iPLA2 β in macrophages (MØ) confers protection against the development of glucose intolerance associated with diet-induced obesity (DIO). In this article, we discuss canonical (glucose and cAMP) and novel noncanonical (iPLA2 β and C1ql3) pathways and how they may affect β-cell (dys)function in the context of impaired glucose intolerance associated with obesity and T2D. In conclusion, we provide a perspective that in IGT states, targeting noncanonical pathways along with canonical pathways could be a more comprehen-sive approach for restoring β-cell function in T2D. © American Physiological Society.
Association between Serum Selenium Levels and Lipids among People with and without Diabetes; The current study aimed to examine the association between serum selenium levels and lipids and explore whether the association was modified by diabetic status. A total of 4132 adults from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2011–2016) were included in this study. Multiple linear regression models were used to estimate the association between serum selenium and lipids. Higher serum selenium levels were significantly associated with increased total cholesterol (TC) (p < 0.001), triglyceride (TG) (p = 0.003), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (p = 0.003) in the overall population. Diabetic status interacted with serum selenium for TC and LDL-C (p for interaction = 0.007 and <0.001). Comparing the highest with the lowest tertiles of serum selenium, the multivariate-adjusted β coefficients (95% CIs) were 17.88 (10.89, 24.87) for TC, 13.43 (7.68, 19.18) for LDL-C among subjects without diabetes, but nonsignificant among those with diabetes. In US adults, the serum selenium was positively associated with lipids and the association was modified by diabetic status. Higher serum selenium levels were significantly associated with increased TC and LDL-C among participants without diabetes, but not among participants with diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Desulfovibrio in the Gut: The Enemy within?; Desulfovibrio (DSV) are sulfate-reducing bacteria (SRB) that are ubiquitously present in the environment and as resident commensal bacteria within the human gastrointestinal tract. Though they are minor residents of the healthy gut, DSV are opportunistic pathobionts that may overgrow in the setting of various intestinal and extra-intestinal diseases. An increasing number of studies have demonstrated a positive correlation between DSV overgrowth (bloom) and various human diseases. While the relationship between DSV bloom and disease pathology has not been clearly established, mounting evidence suggests a causal role for these bacteria in disease development. As DSV are the most predominant genera of SRB in the gut, this review summarizes current knowledge regarding the relationship between DSV and a variety of diseases. In this study, we also discuss the mechanisms by which these bacteria may contribute to disease pathology. © 2023 by the authors.
Visfatin and Retinol Binding Protein-4 in Young-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background and Objectives: The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adolescents has increased rapidly in recent decades. However, the role of adipokines on pathophysiology in young-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (YDM) is not clear. In this article, we explored the relationships between the adipokines (visfatin and retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4)) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) components in both YDM and late-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (ODM). Materials and Methods: There were 36 patients with YDM (23.6 ± 4.8 years) and 36 patients with ODM (54.3 ± 10.1 years) enrolled. Visfatin, RBP4, and MetS components were measured. The relationships between visfatin, RBP4 and MetS components were assessed in YDM and ODM. Results: The visfatin, but not the RPB4 level, was significantly higher in YDM than in ODM. After adjusting for age and body mass index, visfatin was not related to any MetS components except that there was a negative correlation with fasting plasma glucose (FPG). As for RPB4, triglyceride was found to be positively and FPG negatively related to RBP4 in YDM. However, in ODM, the only positive relationship that existed was between RBP4 and diastolic blood pressure. Conclusions: In conclusion, both visfatin and RBP4 had certain roles in diabetes and MetS although their relationships were different in YDM and ODM. Further studies are needed to explore their physiological and pathological effects in glucose metabolism. © 2023 by the authors.
Design, synthesis and evaluation of a myricetin and nobiletin hybrid compound for alleviating hyperuricemia based on metabolomics and gut microbiota; Hyperuricemia (HUA) is the fourth most common basic metabolic disease that can cause damage to multiple organs throughout the body. In this study, a hybrid compound consisting of myricetin and nobiletin was synthesized and its biological activity was evaluated. We named the hybrid compound MNH, and its structure was confirmed by spectroscopy. This study used serum metabolomics profiling with LC/MS and 16S rRNA gene sequencing analysis to explore the anti-HUA efficacy of MNH on a yeast paste-induced mouse model. The results showed that serum uric acid (UA), creatinine (CRE) and urea nitrogen (BUN) levels were significantly decreased after the intervention of MNH. The efficacy of MNH in lowering UA was somewhat greater than that of myricetin and nobiletin. In addition, MNH could repair the renal histopathological damage. Moreover, serum metabolomics demonstrated that MNH regulated the metabolic pathways involved in glycerophospholipid metabolism, arachidonic acid metabolism and alanine etc. Furthermore, MNH supplementation restored the composition of gut microbiota with remarkable reductions in Lactobacillus and Limosilactobacillus and significant elevations in norank_f_Muribaculaceae and Bacteroides at the genus level. Taken together, these results indicated that MNH might represent a protective effect against HUA via modulating gut microbiota and metabolomics. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Magnetic resonance study of visceral, subcutaneous, liver and pancreas fat changes after 12 weeks intermittent fasting in obese participants with prediabetes; Background: It is not clear whether there are differences in proportions of fat loss from visceral:subcutaneous depots by probiotic supplementation, ethnicity or sex during weight loss; or whether visceral/pancreatic fat depot changes are related to changes in HbA1c. Our objective is to investigate whether weight loss from different fat depots is related to these factors during weight loss achieved by intermittent fasting. Method: Prediabetes participants on 5:2 intermittent fasting were randomized 1:1 to either daily probiotic or placebo for 12 weeks. Twenty-four patients had magnetic resonance imaging data at baseline and 12 weeks. Results: After 12 weeks of intermittent fasting, subcutaneous fat (%) changed from 35.9 ± 3.1 to 34.4 ± 3.2, visceral fat (%) from 15.8 ± 1.3 to 14.8 ± 1.2, liver fat (%) from 8.7 ± 0.8 to 7.5 ± 0.7 and pancreatic fat (%) from 7.7 ± 0.5 to 6.5 ± 0.5 (all p < 0.001). Changes in weight, HbA1c, SAT, VAT, LF and PF did not differ significantly between probiotic and placebo groups. Conclusion: Overall weight loss was correlated with fat loss from subcutaneous depots. Losses from different fat depots did not correlate with changes in HbA1c or differ by probiotic supplementation, ethnicity or sex. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Adipocyte-Derived Extracellular Vesicles: Small Vesicles with Big Impact; While increasing numbers of studies have established that adipose tissue plays a vital role in balancing energy intake and energy expenditure as both an energy and an endocrine organ, the detailed functions of adipose tissue remain unclear. Adipose tissues are complex, with multiple resident cell populations that communicate to diverse cells and organs via local and systemic metabolic, thermal, and inflammatory signaling. In normal physiology, adipose tissue-derived extracellular vesicles mediate the regulation of energy storage/consumption in adipose tissue, liver, and muscle. In a pathological sense, fat-derived extracellular vesicles can promote the progression of obesity, endocrine diseases, cancer, and reproductive system disorders. In this review, we demonstrate that adipocyte-derived extracellular vesicles function not only in physiological balance but also in the pathological process. We aim to illustrate the impact of adipocyte-derived extracellular vesicles and their value in understanding both homeostasis and disorders. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by IMR Press.
Polycystic ovary syndrome as a gender-specific cardiometabolic risk factor; With a prevalence of 15%, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in fertile-aged women. Insulin resistance and obesity play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of PCOS, modulate the severity of symptoms and are associated with an increased risk for cardiometabolic sequelae such as diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. PCOS should be considered as a gender-specific cardiovascular risk factor. Therefore, if traits indicative for PCOS are present, affected women should undergo PCOS diagnostics as a first step, thereby making it possible to initiate cardiovascular primary prevention strategies in this population of young women at high cardiometabolic risk. In women with known PCOS, screening and treatment of cardiometabolic risk factors and/or diseases should be routinely integrated into the concept of PCOS care. The close link between insulin resistance/obesity and PCOS can be used to improve PCOS-specific symptoms and enhance cardiometabolic health. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Structure-activity relationship, bioactivities, molecular mechanisms, and clinical application of nuciferine on inflammation-related diseases; Nuciferine aporphine alkaloid mainly exists in Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn and is a beneficial to human health, such as anti-obesity, lowering blood lipid, prevention of diabetes and cancer, closely associated with inflammation. Importantly, nuciferine may contribute to its bioactivities by exerting intense anti-inflammatory activities in multiple models. However, no review has summarized the anti-inflammatory effect of nuciferine. This review critically summarized the information regarding the structure-activity relationships of dietary nuciferine. Moreover, biological activities and clinical application on inflammation-related diseases, such as obesity, diabetes, liver, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer, as well as their potential mechanisms, involving oxidative stress, metabolic signaling, and gut microbiota has been reviewed. The current work provides a better understanding of the anti-inflammation properties of nuciferine against multiple diseases, thereby improving the utilization and application of nuciferine-containing plants across functional food and medicine. © 2023
Connection between Radiation-Regulating Functions of Natural Products and miRNAs Targeting Radiomodulation and Exosome Biogenesis; Exosomes are cell-derived membranous structures primarily involved in the delivery of the payload to the recipient cells, and they play central roles in carcinogenesis and metastasis. Radiotherapy is a common cancer treatment that occasionally generates exosomal miRNA-associated modulation to regulate the therapeutic anticancer function and side effects. Combining radiotherapy and natural products may modulate the radioprotective and radiosensitizing responses of non-cancer and cancer cells, but there is a knowledge gap regarding the connection of this combined treatment with exosomal miRNAs and their downstream targets for radiation and exosome biogenesis. This review focuses on radioprotective natural products in terms of their impacts on exosomal miRNAs to target radiation-modulating and exosome biogenesis (secretion and assembly) genes. Several natural products have individually demonstrated radioprotective and miRNA-modulating effects. However, the impact of natural-product-modulated miRNAs on radiation response and exosome biogenesis remains unclear. In this review, by searching through PubMed/Google Scholar, available reports on potential functions that show radioprotection for non-cancer tissues and radiosensitization for cancer among these natural-product-modulated miRNAs were assessed. Next, by accessing the miRNA database (miRDB), the predicted targets of the radiation- and exosome biogenesis-modulating genes from the Gene Ontology database (MGI) were retrieved bioinformatically based on these miRNAs. Moreover, the target-centric analysis showed that several natural products share the same miRNAs and targets to regulate radiation response and exosome biogenesis. As a result, the miRNA–radiomodulation (radioprotection and radiosensitization)–exosome biogenesis axis in regard to natural-product-mediated radiotherapeutic effects is well organized. This review focuses on natural products and their regulating effects on miRNAs to assess the potential impacts of radiomodulation and exosome biogenesis for both the radiosensitization of cancer cells and the radioprotection of non-cancer cells. © 2023 by the authors.
Can the new adipokine asprosin be a metabolic troublemaker for cardiovascular diseases? A state-of-the-art review; Adipokines play a significant role in cardiometabolic diseases. Asprosin, a newly discovered adipokine, was first identified as a glucose-raising protein hormone. Asprosin also stimulates appetite and regulates glucose and lipid metabolism. Its identified receptors so far include Olfr734 and Ptprd. Clinical studies have found that asprosin may be associated with cardiometabolic diseases. Asprosin may have diagnostic and therapeutic potential in obesity, diabetes, metabolic syndrome and atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases. Herein, the structure, receptors, and functions of asprosin and its relationship with cardiometabolic diseases are summarized based on recent findings. © 2023
Perfluorodecanoic acid promotes high-fat diet-triggered adiposity and hepatic lipid accumulation by modulating the NLRP3/caspase-1 pathway in male C57BL/6J mice; Perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA), a chemical contaminant, may casue became obesity, which makes it a public health concern. In this study, we investigated the effects of PFDA on adiposity development and hepatic lipid accumulation in mice fed with a high-fat diet (HFD). Animals were assigned to two diet treatments (low-fat and high-fat); and PFDA was administered through drinking water for 12 weeks. The contaminant promoted body weight gain and adiposity in HFD-fed mice. Moreover, HFD-fed mice exposed to PFDA had impaired glucose metabolism, inflammation and hepatic lipid accumulation compared to mice fed HFD alone. PFDA activated the expression of hepatic NLRP3 and caspase-1, and induced that of SREBP-1c expression in the liver of HFD-fed mice. PFDA exposure in HFD-fed mice significantly inhibited hepatic AMPK expression than animals fed HFD without PFDA exposure. Furthermore, MCC950, an NLRP3 inhibitor, suppressed the upregulation of NLRP3 and caspase-1 expression, and inhibited the expression of SREBP-1c and the accumulation of hepatic lipid in mice exposed to PFDA. Thus, PFDA may enhance HFD-induced adiposity and hepatic lipid accumulation through the NLRP3/caspase-1 pathway. This contaminant may be a key risk factor for obesity development in individuals consuming high-fat foods, particularly Western diet. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Garlic consumption in relation to colorectal cancer risk and to alterations of blood bacterial DNA; Purpose: Garlic consumption has been inversely associated to intestinal adenoma (IA) and colorectal cancer (CRC) risk, although evidence is not consistent. Gut microbiota has been implied in CRC pathogenesis and is also influenced by garlic consumption. We analyzed whether dietary garlic influence CRC risk and bacterial DNA in blood. Methods: We conducted a case–control study in Italy involving 100 incident CRC cases, 100 IA and 100 healthy controls matched by center, sex and age. We used a validated food frequency questionnaire to assess dietary habits and garlic consumption. Blood bacterial DNA profile was estimated using qPCR and16S rRNA gene profiling. We derived odds ratios (ORs) and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of IA and CRC according to garlic consumption from multiple conditional logistic regression. We used Mann–Whitney and chi-square tests to evaluate taxa differences in abundance and prevalence. Results: The OR of CRC for medium/high versus low/null garlic consumption was 0.27 (95% CI = 0.11–0.66). Differences in garlic consumption were found for selected blood bacterial taxa. Medium/high garlic consumption was associated to an increase of Corynebacteriales order, Nocardiaceae family and Rhodococcus genus, and to a decrease of Family XI and Finegoldia genus. Conclusions: The study adds data on the protective effect of dietary garlic on CRC risk. Moreover, it supports evidence of a translocation of bacterial material to bloodstream and corroborates the hypothesis of a diet-microbiota axis as a mechanism behind the role of garlic in CRC prevention. © 2023, The Author(s).
Maternal n-7 Unsaturated Fatty Acids Protect the Fetal Brain from Neuronal Degeneration in an Intrauterine Hyperglycemic Animal Model; We previously reported that glycation induces insulin resistance in the hearts of newborn pups from a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rat model. Administration of n-3 unsaturated fatty acids suppressed glycation and improved signaling in GDM rat pups. In this study, we investigated their effects on cranial neurons using the GDM rat model and PC12 cells derived from rat adrenal pheochromocytomas. Additionally, we examined whether n-3 and n-7 unsaturated fatty acids (cis-palmitoleic acid [CPA] and trans-palmitoleic acid [TPA]) ameliorate the detrimental effects of high glucose exposure on rats. In the neonatal cerebrum of GDM rats, increased levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) inhibited Akt phosphorylation; however, CPA and TPA intake during pregnancy ameliorated these abnormalities. Furthermore, exposure to high-glucose-induced apoptosis in PC12 cells compared to the cells cultured in control glucose. PC12 cells exposed to high-glucose with fatty acids exhibited reduced AGE production and apoptosis induction compared to the high-glucose group. These findings suggest that a hyperglycemic environment during pregnancy promotes AGE formation in brain neuronal proteins and induces apoptosis. Both TPA and CPA mitigated these abnormalities; however, CPA is cytotoxic, highlighting its safety in pregnant women. © 2023 by the authors.
Metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes: Adiposity variables and adipocytokines in offspring at age of 9 years; Aims: To compare body composition, visceral adiposity, adipocytokines, and low-grade inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring of mothers who were treated with metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 172 offspring of 311 mothers randomized to receive metformin (n = 82) or insulin (n = 90) for GDM were studied at 9 years of age (follow-up rate 55%). Measurements included anthropometrics, adipocytokines, markers of the low-grade inflammation, abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic liver spectrometry (MRS), and whole body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Serum markers of low-grade inflammation, visceral adipose tissue volume, total fat percentage, and liver fat percentage were similar between the study groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was higher in children in the metformin group compared to insulin group (median 10.37 vs 9.50 µg/ml, p = 0.016). This difference between groups was observed in boys only (median 12.13 vs 7.50 µg/ml, p < 0.001). Leptin/adiponectin-ratio was lower in boys in the metformin group than in the insulin group (median 0.30 vs 0.75; p = 0.016). Conclusions: Maternal metformin treatment for GDM had no effects on adiposity, body composition, liver fat, or inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring compared to maternal insulin treatment but was associated with higher adiponectin concentration and lower leptin/adiponectin-ratio in boys. © 2023 The Author(s)
Changes in m6A in Steatotic Liver Disease; Fatty liver disease is one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Fatty liver includes non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), now replaced by a consensus group as metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). While excess nutrition and obesity are major contributors to fatty liver, the underlying mechanisms remain largely unknown and therapeutic interventions are limited. Reversible chemical modifications in RNA are newly recognized critical regulators controlling post-transcriptional gene expression. Among these modifications, N6-methyladenosine (m6A) is the most abundant and regulates transcript abundance in fatty liver disease. Modulation of m6A by readers, writers, and erasers (RWE) impacts mRNA processing, translation, nuclear export, localization, and degradation. While many studies focus on m6A RWE expression in human liver pathologies, limitations of technology and bioinformatic methods to detect m6A present challenges in understanding the epitranscriptomic mechanisms driving fatty liver disease progression. In this review, we summarize the RWE of m6A and current methods of detecting m6A in specific genes associated with fatty liver disease. © 2023 by the authors.
Pharmacological and physiological roles of adipokines and myokines in metabolic-related dementia; Dementia is a detrimental neuropathologic condition with considerable physical, mental, social, and financial impact on patients and society. Patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS), a group of diseases that occur in tandem and increase the risk of neurologic diseases, have a higher risk of dementia. The ratio between muscle and adipose tissue is crucial in MetS, as these contain many hormones, including myokines and adipokines, which are involved in crosstalk and local paracrine/autocrine interactions. Evidence suggests that abnormal adipokine and myokine synthesis and release may be implicated in various MetS, such as atherosclerosis, diabetic mellitus (DM), and dyslipidemia, but their precise role is unclear. Here we review the literature on adipokine and myokine involvement in MetS-induced dementia via glucose and insulin homeostasis regulation, neuroinflammation, vascular dysfunction, emotional changes, and cognitive function. © 2023 The Authors
Regulatory network and targeted interventions for CCDC family in tumor pathogenesis; CCDC (coiled-coil domain-containing) is a coiled helix domain that exists in natural proteins. There are about 180 CCDC family genes, encoding proteins that are involved in intercellular transmembrane signal transduction and genetic signal transcription, among other functions. Alterations in expression, mutation, and DNA promoter methylation of CCDC family genes have been shown to be associated with the pathogenesis of many diseases, including primary ciliary dyskinesia, infertility, and tumors. In recent studies, CCDC family genes have been found to be involved in regulation of growth, invasion, metastasis, chemosensitivity, and other biological behaviors of malignant tumor cells in various cancer types, including nasopharyngeal carcinoma, lung cancer, colorectal cancer, and thyroid cancer. In this review, we summarize the involvement of CCDC family genes in tumor pathogenesis and the relevant upstream and downstream molecular mechanisms. In addition, we summarize the potential of CCDC family genes as tumor therapy targets. The findings discussed here help us to further understand the role and the therapeutic applications of CCDC family genes in tumors. © 2023
Prevalence and associated factors for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease among adults in the South Asian Region: a meta-analysis; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the commonest chronic liver disease worldwide. We estimated the prevalence and predefined associated factors for NAFLD among South-Asian adults. Methods: We searched PubMed and included descriptive, epidemiological studies with satisfactory methodology, reporting the prevalence of NAFLD with ultrasound. Two authors screened and extracted data independently. Gender, urban/rural settings, general population and individuals with metabolic diseases (MetD) stratified the analysis. In addition, a random-effects meta-analysis of the prevalence and effect sizes of associations of NAFLD was performed. Findings: Twenty-two publications were included after the quality assurance process. The difference in the NAFLD prevalence between the general population and people with MetD was found to be statistically significant (Q = 15.8, DF = 1, P < 0.001). The pooled overall prevalence of NAFLD in the general population was 26.9% (95% CI: 18.9–35.8%) with high heterogeneity. The prevalence was similar among men and women (Q = 0.06, DF = 1, P = 0.806). The NAFLD prevalence in the rural communities was 22.6% (95% CI: 13.6–33.1%), and the prevalence in urban communities was 32.9% (95% CI: 22.8–43.8%) and the difference was not statistically significant (Q = 1.92, DF = 1, P = 0.166). The pooled overall prevalence of NAFLD in patients with MetD was 54.1% (95% CI: 44.1–63.9%) with high heterogeneity. The pooled overall prevalence of NAFLD in the non-obese population was 11.7% (95% CI: 7.0–17.3%). The pooled prevalence of non-obese NAFLD in the NAFLD population was 43.4% (95% CI: 28.1–59.4%). Meta-analysis of binary variables showed that NAFLD in the South Asian population was associated with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, general obesity, central obesity and metabolic syndrome. Gender was not associated with NAFLD. Interpretation: The overall prevalence of NAFLD among adults in South Asia is high, especially in those with MetD, and a considerable proportion is non-obese. In the South Asian population, NAFLD was associated with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, general obesity, central obesity, and metabolic syndrome. Funding: None. © 2023 The Author(s)
Metabolic profiles reflect weight loss maintenance and the composition of diet after very-low-energy diet; Background & aims: Diet and weight loss affect circulating metabolome. However, metabolite profiles induced by different weight loss maintenance diets and underlying longer term weight loss maintenance remain unknown. Herein, we investigated after-weight-loss metabolic signatures of two isocaloric 24-wk weight maintenance diets differing in satiety value due to dietary fibre, protein and fat contents and identified metabolite features that associated with successful weight loss maintenance. Methods: Non-targeted LC-MS metabolomics approach was used to analyse plasma metabolites of 79 women and men (mean age ± SD 49.7 ± 9.0 years; BMI 34.2 ± 2.5 kg/m2) participating in a weight management study. Participants underwent a 7-week very-low-energy diet (VLED) and were thereafter randomised into two groups for a 24-week weight maintenance phase. Higher satiety food (HSF) group consumed high-fibre, high-protein, and low-fat products, while lower satiety food (LSF) group consumed isocaloric low-fibre products with average protein and fat content as a part of their weight maintenance diets. Plasma metabolites were analysed before the VLED and before and after the weight maintenance phase. Metabolite features discriminating HSF and LSF groups were annotated. We also analysed metabolite features that discriminated participants who maintained ≥10% weight loss (HWM) and participants who maintained <10% weight loss (LWM) at the end of the study, irrespective of the diet. Finally, we assessed robust linear regression between metabolite features and anthropometric and food group variables. Results: We annotated 126 metabolites that discriminated the HSF and LSF groups and HWM and LWM groups (p < 0.05). Compared to LSF, the HSF group had lower levels of several amino acids, e.g. glutamine, arginine, and glycine, short-, medium- and long-chain acylcarnitines (CARs), odd- and even-chain lysoglycerophospholipids, and higher levels of fatty amides. Compared to LWM, the HWM group in general showed higher levels of glycerophospholipids with a saturated long-chain and a C20:4 fatty acid tail, and unsaturated free fatty acids (FFAs). Changes in several saturated odd- and even-chain LPCs and LPEs and fatty amides were associated with the intake of many food groups, particularly grain and dairy products. Increase in several (lyso)glycerophospholipids was associated with decrease in body weight and adiposity. Increased short- and medium-chain CARs were related to decreased body fat-free mass. Conclusions: Our results show that isocaloric weight maintenance diets differing in dietary fibre, protein, and fat content affected amino acid and lipid metabolism. Increased abundances of several phospholipid species and FFAs were related with greater weight loss maintenance. Our findings indicate common and distinct metabolites for weight and dietary related variables in the context of weight reduction and weight management. The study was registered in isrctn.org with identifier 67529475. © 2023 The Authors
Maternal PBDE exposure disrupts gut microbiome and promotes hepatic proinflammatory signaling in humanized PXR-transgenic mouse offspring over time; Developmental exposure to the persistent environmental pollutant, polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), is associated with increased diabetes prevalence. The microbial tryptophan metabolite, indole-3-propionic acid (IPA), is associated with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and lower-grade inflammation and is a pregnane X receptor (PXR) activator. To explore the role of IPA in modifying the PBDE developmental toxicity, we orally exposed humanized PXR-transgenic (hPXR-TG) mouse dams to vehicle, 0.1 mg/kg/day DE-71 (an industrial PBDE mixture), DE-71+IPA (20 mg/kg/day), or IPA, from 4 weeks preconception to the end of lactation. Pups were weaned at 21 days of age and IPA supplementation continued in the corresponding treatment groups. Tissues were collected at various ages until 6 months of age (n = 5 per group). In general, the effect of maternal DE-71 exposure on the gut microbiome of pups was amplified over time. The regulation of hepatic cytokines and prototypical xenobiotic-sensing transcription factor target genes by DE-71 and IPA was age- and sex-dependent, where DE-71-mediated mRNA increased selected cytokines (Il10, Il12p40, Il1β [both sexes], and [males]). The hepatic mRNA of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) target gene Cyp1a2 was increased by maternal DE-71 and DE-71+IPA exposure at postnatal day 21 but intestinal Cyp1a1 was not altered by any of the exposures and ages. Maternal DE-71 exposure persistently increased serum indole, a known AhR ligand, in age- and sex-dependent manner. In conclusion, maternal DE-71 exposure produced a proinflammatory signature along the gut-liver axis, including gut dysbiosis, dysregulated tryptophan microbial metabolism, attenuated PXR signaling, and elevated AhR signaling in postweaned hPXR-TG pups over time, which was partially corrected by IPA supplementation.  © 2023 The Author(s).
Mulberry leaf water extract alleviates type 2 diabetes in mice via modulating gut microbiota-host co-metabolism of branched-chain amino acid; Elevations in circling branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) levels associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Morus alba L. water extracts (MLE) show hypoglycemic function, but the precise mechanism remains obscure. This study is designed to investigate the association of the antidiabetes effect of MLE with the BCAAs co-metabolism modulated by host and gut microbiota. Tissue-specific expressions of BCAA-catabolizing enzymes were detected by RT-PCR and western blot, respectively. The components of the intestinal microflora were analyzed by high-throughput 16S rRNA gene sequencing. The results showed that MLE administration improved blood glucose and insulin level, decreased inflammatory cytokines expression, and lowered serum and feces BCAAs levels. Furthermore, MLE reversed the abundance changes of the bacterial genera correlated with serum and feces BCAAs, such as Anaerovorax, Bilophila, Blautia, Colidextribacter, Dubosiella, Intestinimonas, Lachnoclostridium, Lachnospiraceae_NK4A136, Oscillibacter, and Roseburia. Functionality prediction indicated that MLE potentially inhibited bacterial BCAAs biosynthesis, and promoted the tissue-specific expression of BCAAs catabolic enzyme. More importantly, MLE had obvious impacts on BCAA catabolism in germ-free-mimic T2DM mice. Those results indicated that MLE improving T2DM-related biochemical abnormalities is associated with not only gut microbiota modification but also the tissue-specific expression of BCAAs catabolic enzyme. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Dietary Patterns and Circadian Syndrome among Adults Attending NHANES 2005–2016; The study aimed to assess the associations of dietary patterns and circadian syndrome (CircS). Data from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005–2016 were analyzed (n = 10,486). Factor analysis was used to construct dietary patterns based on two 24 h food recalls. CircS was defined based on components of the metabolic syndrome, with the addition of short sleep and depression symptoms. Multivariable logistic regression was used to analyze the associations. Two major dietary patterns were identified. The Western dietary pattern had high loadings of refined grains, solid fats, added sugars, and red and cured meats, while the prudent pattern was characterized by a high intake of vegetables, whole grains, oils, nuts, and seeds. The prevalence of CircS was 41.3%. Comparing extreme quartiles of intake, the odds ratios (OR) for having CircS were 1.96 (95%CI 1.53–2.53) and 0.71 (95%CI 0.58–0.86) for the Western pattern and prudent pattern, respectively. The association between the Western dietary pattern and CircS was stronger among men (OR = 2.05; 95%CI 1.48–2.85) and those with low income (OR = 1.94; 95%CI 1.27–2.96) and high education (OR = 3.38; 95%CI 1.90–6.04). The Western dietary pattern was associated with a higher likelihood of having CircS, while the prudent pattern was inversely associated with CircS. © 2023 by the authors.
Dietary soy prevents fetal demise, intrauterine growth restriction, craniofacial dysmorphic features, and impairments in placentation linked to gestational alcohol exposure: Pivotal role of insulin and insulin-like growth factor signaling networks; Introduction: Prenatal alcohol exposure can impair placentation and cause intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal demise, and fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD). Previous studies showed that ethanol's inhibition of placental insulin and insulin-like growth factor, type 1 (IGF-1) signaling compromises trophoblastic cell motility and maternal vascular transformation at the implantation site. Since soy isolate supports insulin responsiveness, we hypothesized that dietary soy could be used to normalize placentation and fetal growth in an experimental model of FASD. Methods: Pregnant Long-Evans rat dams were fed with isocaloric liquid diets containing 0% or 8.2% ethanol (v/v) from gestation day (GD) 6. Dietary protein sources were either 100% soy isolate or 100% casein (standard). Gestational sacs were harvested on GD19 to evaluate fetal resorption, fetal growth parameters, and placental morphology. Placental insulin/IGF-1 signaling through Akt pathways was assessed using commercial bead-based multiplex enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Results: Dietary soy markedly reduced or prevented the ethanol-associated fetal loss, IUGR, FASD dysmorphic features, and impairments in placentation/maturation. Furthermore, ethanol's inhibitory effects on the placental glycogen cell population at the junctional zone, invasive trophoblast populations at the implantation site, maternal vascular transformation, and signaling through the insulin and IGF1 receptors, Akt and PRAS40 were largely abrogated by co-administration of soy. Conclusion: Dietary soy may provide an economically feasible and accessible means of reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes linked to gestational ethanol exposure. © 2023
Evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity; Background and aims: We aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity or gestational diabetes on body composition, lipid, and glucose metabolism, arterial morphology, and functions in children, and to investigate these effects in terms of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: The study group was composed of 48 children who had a history of gestational diabetes or maternal obesity, and the control group was composed of 33 children. Echocardiographic assessments were performed. Socio-economic status and education level of mothers were obtained. Results: In the study group, carotid intima-media thickness, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and arterial stiffness values were found to be significantly higher compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while arterial distensibility and arterial strain values were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.003, p = 0.008, respectively). Among the children who had similar body mass index in both groups, children in the study group had higher carotid intima-media thickness and epicardial adipose tissue thickness values. Arterial stiffness values were significantly reduced (p = 0.028) and arterial distensibility and strain values were significantly increased (p = 0.039, p = 0.033, respectively) in the children whose mothers had gestational diabetes and high socio-economic status. Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic internal thickness were found to be significantly increased in the children who had obese and unemployed mothers (p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). Conclusion: Low socio-economic status was found to be associated with increased maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Poor socio-economic status, poor glycaemic control and being overweight during pregnancy indicate negative cardiometabolic outcomes for children in the long term.  © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press.
Plant-Based Nutrition: Exploring Health Benefits for Atherosclerosis, Chronic Diseases, and Metabolic Syndrome—A Comprehensive Review; Atherosclerosis, chronic non-communicable diseases, and metabolic syndrome are highly interconnected and collectively contribute to global health concerns that reduce life expectancy and quality of life. These conditions arise from multiple risk factors, including inflammation, insulin resistance, impaired blood lipid profile, endothelial dysfunction, and increased cardiovascular risk. Adopting a plant-based diet has gained popularity as a viable alternative to promote health and mitigate the incidence of, and risk factors associated with, these three health conditions. Understanding the potential benefits of a plant-based diet for human health is crucial, particularly in the face of the rising prevalence of chronic diseases like diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis, and cancer. Thus, this review focused on the plausible advantages of consuming a type of food pattern for the prevention and/or treatment of chronic diseases, emphasizing the dietary aspects that contribute to these conditions and the evidence supporting the benefits of a plant-based diet for human health. To facilitate a more in-depth analysis, we present separate evidence for each of these three concepts, acknowledging their intrinsic connection while providing a specific focus on each one. This review underscores the potential of a plant-based diet to target the underlying causes of these chronic diseases and enhance health outcomes for individuals and populations. © 2023 by the authors.
Role of ChREBP and SREBP-1c in gestational diabetes: two key players in glucose and lipid metabolism; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is any degree of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy. Metabolic abnormalities in GDM are associated with pancreatic β-cell destruction and decreased insulin sensitivity. Carbohydrate-responsive element-binding protein (ChREBP) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c) are two transcription factors that play a key role in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism homeostasis. Our aim in this study was to elucidate the role of these proteins in GDM. Methods: The study included 50 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and 52 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance. Maternal blood samples were collected from pregnant women between the 24th and 28th weeks of pregnancy. Serum SREBP-1c and ChREBP levels were measured with commercial ELISA kits according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Results: Serum ChREBP (p=0.044) and SREBP1c (p=0.042) levels of pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were found to be statistically significantly higher than women with GDM. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Mitigation of Insulin Resistance by Natural Products from a New Class of Molecules, Membrane-Active Immunomodulators; Insulin resistance (IR), accompanied by an impaired cellular glucose uptake, characterizes diverse pathologies that include, but are not limited to, metabolic disease, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes. Chronic inflammation associated with deranged cellular signaling is thought to contribute to IR. The key molecular players in IR are plasma membrane proteins, including the insulin receptor and glucose transporter 4. Certain natural products, such as lipids, phenols, terpenes, antibiotics and alkaloids have beneficial effects on IR, yet their mode of action remains obscured. We hypothesized that these products belong to a novel class of bioactive molecules that we have named membrane-active immunomodulators (MAIMs). A representative MAIM, the naturally occurring medium chain fatty acid ester diethyl azelate (DEA), has been shown to increase the fluidity of cell plasma membranes with subsequent downstream effects on cellular signaling. DEA has also been shown to improve markers of IR, including blood glucose, insulin and lipid levels, in humans. The literature supports the notion that DEA and other natural MAIMs share similar mechanisms of action in improving IR. These findings shed a new light on the mechanism of IR mitigation using natural products, and may facilitate the discovery of other compounds with similar activities. © 2023 by the authors.
Soluble Dietary Fibers as Antihyperlipidemic Agents: A Comprehensive Review to Maximize Their Health Benefits; The number of hypercholesterolemic people is increasing rapidly worldwide, with elevated lipid profiles representing a major risk factor of coronary heart diseases. Dietary intervention was shown to improve the lipid profile, thus enhancing the quality of life. Dietary fiber is a nondigestible form of carbohydrates, due to the lack of the digestive enzyme in humans required to digest fiber, and is classified according to its water solubility properties as either soluble (SDF) or insoluble dietary fiber (IDF). Consumption of SDF is associated with several health benefits such as reduced lipid levels, lower blood pressure, improved blood glucose control, improved immune function, and reduced inflammation. SDF has been shown to lower blood cholesterol by several action mechanisms including directly due to the gelling, mucilaginous, and viscous fiber nature, and indirectly due to its fermented products and modulation of the gut microbiome. This review aims to provide a holistic overview on how SDF impacts the lipid profile. We start by providing an overview of the chemical structure of the major SDFs including mucilage, gums (gum arabic and guar gum), pectin, and inulin. © 2023 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.
Holistic expression of miR-17-92 cluster in obesity, kidney diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes; miR-17-92 cluster encodes six micro RNAs (miRNAs) and plays a crucial role in the regulation of various cellular processes. Aberrant expression of this cluster may result in the onset of several diseases. Initially, the role of miR-17-92 cluster in tumorigenesis was discovered but recent research has also uncovered its role in other diseases. Members of the cluster may serve as potential biomarkers in the prognosis, diagnosis, and treatment of several diseases and their complications. In this article, we have reviewed the recent research carried out on the expression pattern of miR-17-92 cluster in non-communicable diseases i.e., obesity, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), kidney diseases (KD) and diabetes mellitus (DM). We examined miR-17-92 role in pathological processes and their potential importance as biomarkers. Each member of the cluster miR-17-92 was upregulated in obesity. miR-18a, miR-19b-3p, miR20a, and miR92a were significantly upregulated in CVD. An equal fraction of the cluster was dysregulated (upregulated and downregulated) in diabetes; however, miR-17-92 was downregulated in most studies on CKD. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Roles of Matrix Metalloproteinases and Their Natural Inhibitors in Metabolism: Insights into Health and Disease; Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are a family of zinc-activated peptidases that can be classified into six major classes, including gelatinases, collagenases, stromelysins, matrilysins, membrane type metalloproteinases, and other unclassified MMPs. The activity of MMPs is regulated by natural inhibitors called tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases (TIMPs). MMPs are involved in a wide range of biological processes, both in normal physiological conditions and pathological states. While some of these functions occur during development, others occur in postnatal life. Although the roles of several MMPs have been extensively studied in cancer and inflammation, their function in metabolism and metabolic diseases have only recently begun to be uncovered, particularly over the last two decades. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge regarding the metabolic roles of metalloproteinases in physiology, with a strong emphasis on adipose tissue homeostasis, and to highlight the consequences of impaired or exacerbated MMP actions in the development of metabolic disorders such as obesity, fatty liver disease, and type 2 diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06–3.31), 2.26 (1.96–2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21–3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell’s C−index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM. © 2023, Springer Nature B.V.
Improved Insulin Secretion Response and Beta-cell Function Correlated with Increased Prolactin Levels After Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy in Morbidly Obese Patients with Acanthosis Nigricans; Objective: To explore insulin secretion patterns, β-cell function, and serum prolactin (PRL) concentrations in Chinese morbidly obese patients with Acanthosis nigricans (AN) and their alterations after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG). Methods: A total of 138 morbidly obese subjects undergoing LSG were categorized as simple obesity without AN (OB group, n = 55) and obesity with AN (AN group, n = 83). Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), PRL, and related metabolic indices were performed pre- and 12 months post-LSG. Insulin secretion patterns were derived from insulin secretion peak time during OGTT: type I (peak at 30 or 60 min) and type II (peak at 120 or 180 min). Results: Preoperatively, AN group showed significantly higher proportions of type II insulin secretion pattern, fasting insulin (FINS), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) whereas lower oral glucose insulin sensitivity (OGIS), insulinogenic index (IGI), and disposition index (DI) than OB group, which were improved significantly at 12 months postoperatively in both groups, more pronounced in AN group. Intriguingly, serum PRL declined substantially in AN group than OB group at baseline whereas elevated only in the AN group post-LSG. After adjusting for confounding factors, elevated PRL correlated significantly with increased IGI and DI, and decreased HOMA-IR in both genders, as well as increased OGIS in females, which was detected only in the AN group Conclusion: Morbidly obese patients with AN presented delayed insulin secretion response, impaired insulin secretion, and β-cell dysfunction, which were significantly improved by LSG and might benefit from elevated PRL. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
A narrative review: CXC chemokines influence immune surveillance in obesity and obesity-related diseases: Type 2 diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Adipose tissue develops lipids, aberrant adipokines, chemokines, and pro-inflammatory cytokines as a consequence of the low-grade systemic inflammation that characterizes obesity. This low-grade systemic inflammation can lead to insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic complications, such as type 2 diabetes (T2D) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Although the CXC chemokines consists of numerous regulators of inflammation, cellular function, and cellular migration, it is still unknown that how CXC chemokines and chemokine receptors contribute to the development of metabolic diseases (such as T2D and NAFLD) during obesity. In light of recent research, the objective of this review is to provide an update on the linkage between the CXC chemokine, obesity, and obesity-related metabolic diseases (T2D and NAFLD). We explore the differential migratory and immunomodulatory potential of CXC chemokines and their mechanisms of action to better understand their role in clinical and laboratory contexts. Besides that, because CXC chemokine profiling is strongly linked to leukocyte recruitment, macrophage recruitment, and immunomodulatory potential, we hypothesize that it could be used to predict the therapeutic potential for obesity and obesity-related diseases (T2D and NAFLD). © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Gynecology and Obstetrics (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the “fourth-trimester” concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies. © 2023, Sociedad Espanola de Ginecologia y Obstetricia. All rights reserved.
Higher dietary fiber intake associated with better survival in male but not female cancer patients: Evidence from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999–2014; Objectives: Recent studies have found that dietary fiber improves prognosis in cancer patients. However, few subgroup analyses exist. Subgroups can differ greatly in terms of different factors such as dietary intake, lifestyle, and sex. It is unclear whether fiber benefits all of the subgroups equally. In this study, we examined differences in dietary fiber consumption and cancer mortality between subgroups, including sex. Methods: This trial was conducted using eight consecutive National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANESs) cycles data between 1999 and 2014. Subgroup analyses were used to investigate the results and heterogeneity within subgroups. Survival analysis was performed using the Cox proportional hazard model and Kaplan-Meier curves. Multivariable Cox regression models and restricted cubic spline analysis were applied to examine the association between dietary fiber intake and mortality. Results: In total, 3504 cases were included in this study. Among the participants, the mean age (SD) was 65.5 (15.7) y and 1657 (47.3%) of the participants were men. Subgroup analysis found that men differed significantly from women (P for interaction < 0.001). We found no significant differences in the other subgroups (all P for interaction > 0.05). During an average follow-up of 6.8 y, 342 cancer deaths were recorded. The Cox regression models found that fiber consumption was associated with a lower cancer mortality rate in men (model I: hazard ratio [HR] = 0.60; 95% CI, 0.50–0.72; model II: HR = 0.60; 95% CI, 0.47–0.75; and model III: HR = 0.61; 95% CI, 0.48–0.77). However, there was no relationship between fiber consumption and cancer mortality in women (model I: HR = 1.06; 95% CI, 0.88–1.28; model II: HR = 1.03; 95% CI, 0.84–1.26; and model III: HR = 1.04; 95% CI, 0.87–1.50). The Kaplan-Meier curve illustrates that male patients who consumed higher levels of dietary fiber survived significantly longer than those who consumed lower levels of fiber (P < 0.001). However, there were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of female patients (P = 0.84). A dose-response analysis found an L-shaped relationship between fiber intake and mortality among men. Conclusions: This study found that higher dietary fiber intake was only associated with better survival in male cancer patients, not in female cancer patients. Sex differences between dietary fiber intake and cancer mortality were observed. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Raspberry Leaves and Extracts-Molecular Mechanism of Action and Its Effectiveness on Human Cervical Ripening and the Induction of Labor; The gestational period is an incredibly stressful time for a pregnant woman. Pregnant patients constantly seek effective and reliable compounds in order to achieve a healthy labor. Nowadays, increasing numbers of women use herbal preparations and supplements during pregnancy. One of the most popular and most frequently chosen herbs during pregnancy is the raspberry leaf (Rubus idaeus). Raspberry extracts are allegedly associated with a positive effect on childbirth through the induction of uterine contractions, acceleration of the cervical ripening, and shortening of childbirth. The history of the consumption of raspberry leaves throughout pregnancy is vast. This review shows the current status of the use of raspberry leaves in pregnancy, emphasizing the effect on the cervix, and the safety profile of this herb. The majority of women apply raspberry leaves during pregnancy to induce and ease labor. However, it has not been possible to determine the exact effect of using raspberry extracts on the course of childbirth and the perinatal period. Additionally, it is unclear whether this herb has only positive effects. The currently available data indicate a weak effect of raspberry leaf extracts on labor induction and, at the same time, their possible negative impact on cervical ripening. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of Maternal Exercise Modes on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in Offspring Stem Cells; Context: Maternal exercise positively influences pregnancy outcomes and metabolic health in progeny; however, data regarding the effects of different modes of prenatal exercise on offspring metabolic phenotype is lacking. Objective: To elucidate the effects of different modes of maternal exercise on offspring umbilical cord derived mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) metabolism. Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting: Clinical research facility. Patients: Healthy females between 18 and 35 years of age and <16 weeks' gestation. Intervention: Women were randomized to either 150 minutes of moderate intensity aerobic, resistance (RE), or combination exercise per week or to a non-exercising control. Main Outcome Measures: At delivery, MSCs were isolated from the umbilical cords. MSC glucose and fatty acid(s) metabolism was assessed using radiolabeled substrates. Results: MSCs from offspring of all the exercising women demonstrated greater partitioning of oleate (P ≤ 0.05) and palmitate (P ≤ 0.05) toward complete oxidation relative to non-exercisers. MSCs from offspring of all exercising mothers also had lower rates of incomplete fatty acid oxidation (P ≤ 0.05), which was related to infant adiposity at 1 month of age. MSCs from all exercising groups exhibited higher insulin-stimulated glycogen synthesis rates (P ≤ 0.05), with RE having the largest effect (P ≤ 0.05). RE also had the greatest effect on MSC glucose oxidation rates (P ≤ 0.05) and partitioning toward complete oxidation (P ≤ 0.05). Conclusion: Our data demonstrates that maternal exercise enhances glucose and lipid metabolism of offspring MSCs. Improvements in MSC glucose metabolism seem to be the greatest with maternal RE. Clinical Trial: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03838146  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Integrating (Nutri-)Metabolomics into the One Health Tendency—The Key for Personalized Medicine Advancement; Metabolomics is an advanced technology, still under development, with multiple research applications, especially in the field of health. Individual metabolic profiles, the functionality of the body, as well as its interaction with the environment, can be established using this technology. The body’s response to various external factors, including the food consumed and the nutrients it contains, has increased researchers’ interest in nutrimetabolomics. Establishing correlations between diet and the occurrence of various diseases, or even the development of personalized nutrition plans, could contribute to advances in precision medicine. The interdependence between humans, animals, and the environment is of particular importance today, with the dramatic emergence and spread of zoonotic diseases, food, water and soil contamination, and the degradation of resources and habitats. All these events have led to an increase in risk factors for functional diseases, burdening global health. Thus, this study aimed to highlight the importance of metabolomics, and, in particular, nutrimetabolomics, as a technical solution for a holistic, collaborative, and precise approach for the advancement of the One Health strategy. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal fish oil and/or probiotics intervention: Allergic diseases in children up to two years old; Background: As n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics possess immunomodulatory properties, theoretically they could lower the risk of allergic diseases. But their effects remain controversial. We aimed to study the effects of fish oil and probiotics separately or in combination from early pregnancy onwards to lower the risk of allergic diseases in the infants. Methods: In this double-blind trial, women (n = 439) in early pregnancies were randomized into four intervention groups: fish oil + placebo, probiotics + placebo, fish oil + probiotics, and placebo + placebo. Fish oil (1.9 g docosahexaenoic acid and 0.22 g eicosapentaenoic acid) and probiotic (Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus HN001 and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis 420, 1010 colony-forming units each) supplements were provided for daily consumption from randomization up to 6 months postpartum. All analyses were adjusted with pet ownership. Results: No difference between the infants in the four intervention groups were found regarding physician-diagnosed food allergy, atopic eczema, or atopy at the age of 12 or 24 months (all p >.05). The probiotic intervention was associated with lower odds of recurrent wheezing at 24 months (OR 0.39, 95% CI 0.18–0.84, p =.017), but not at 12 months. Conclusions: The use of fish oil and/or probiotics from early pregnancy onwards did not lower the odds of childhood allergic diseases or atopy, with the exception of the probiotic intervention which decreased the risk of recurrent wheezing when the infants were two years old. This suggests that the incidence of asthma could also decrease later in childhood and thus these outcomes need to be clarified in further investigations. © 2023 The Authors. Pediatric Allergy and Immunology published by European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Effect of a Fish Oil and/or Probiotic Intervention from Early Pregnancy Onwards on Colostrum Immune Mediators: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blinded Clinical Trial in Overweight/Obese Mothers; Scope: Modifying the composition of colostrum by external factors may provide opportunities to improve the infant's health. Here, we evaluated how fish oil and/or probiotics supplementation modify concentrations of colostrum immune mediators and their associations with perinatal clinical factors on mothers with overweight/obesity. Methods and results: Pregnant women were randomized in a double-blind manner into four intervention groups, and the supplements were consumed daily from early pregnancy onwards. Colostrum samples were collected from 187 mothers, and 16 immune mediators were measured using bead-based immunoassays. Interventions modified colostrum composition; the fish oil+probiotics group had higher concentrations of IL-12p70 than probiotics+placebo and higher FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 ligand (FLT-3L) than fish oil+placebo and probiotics+placebo (one-way analysis of variance, post-hoc Tukey's test). Although the fish oil+probiotics group had higher levels of IFNα2 compared to the fish oil+placebo group, these differences were not statistically significant after correction for multiple testing. Multivariate linear model revealed significant associations between several immune mediators and the perinatal use of medication. Conclusion: Fish oil/probiotics intervention exerted a minor effect on concentrations of colostrum immune mediators. However, medication during the perinatal period modulated the immune mediators. These changes in colostrum's composition may contribute to immune system development in the infant. © 2023 The Authors. Molecular Nutrition & Food Research published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Influence of hsCRP Parameter on the Occurrence of Metabolic Syndrome in Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) is a common endocrine disorder that affects 8–13% of women of reproductive age. Increased body weight and insulin resistance may be associated with chronic inflammation, which increases the risk of cardiovascular complications. CRP (C-reactive protein) tests may be use to assess persistent inflammation. Elevated CRP levels may be associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Determination of hsCRP, highly sensitive C-reactive protein, can be used to assess cardiovascular risk in women with PCOS. In this study, 120 women between the ages of 18 and 42 were divided into two groups: patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (n = 80) and regular menstruating women in whom PCOS was excluded (n = 40). Lipid and carbohydrate metabolism parameters and hsCRP levels were assessed, followed by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis for hsCRP, where metabolic syndrome was the dependent variable. For hsCRP, the cutoff point was 1.44 (mg/dL). Sensitivity for the cutoff point was 0.913 and specificity was 0.691. The area under the curve (AUC) was 0.851 (p < 0.000). The closer the AUC value is to unity, the better the predictive ability of the studied variable. There was also a statistically significant correlation between hsCRP levels and the presence of metabolic syndrome. © 2023 by the authors.
Neonatal and Maternal Outcomes of Insulin Detemir versus Neutral Pro-tamine Hagedorn for Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnancy; Background and Objective: Diabetes in pregnancy can lead to severe neonatal and maternal adverse events. Moreover, there is an increase in GDM prevalence. Therefore, we aimed to compare insulin detemir (IDet) with the neutral protamine Hagedorn (NPH) in diabetic pregnant women. Methods: We searched four electronic databases until August 2021: PubMed, Scopus, Web of Sci-ence, and Cochrane. We included randomized controlled studies that compared IDet with NPH in diabetic pregnant women. We extracted both maternal and neonatal outcomes, and used RevMan software to conduct the analysis. Results: Five studies were included. The analysis showed a significantly lower risk of hypoglycemic events during pregnancy in the IDet group than the NPH group [RR = 0.6, 95% CI [0.43, 0.84], p = 0.003], and a higher gestational age (GA) at delivery in the IDet group than the NPH group [MD = 0.28, 95% [0.02, 0.55], p = 0.03]. On the other hand, the analysis revealed non-significant differences between IDet and NPH in terms of birth weight, congenital anomalies, neonatal hypo-glycemia, preterm delivery, and others. Conclusion: Insulin detemir (IDet) was preferred over neutral protamine Hagedorn (NPH) in terms of showing lower rates of hypoglycemic events during pregnancy and a higher gestational age at delivery. Meanwhile, there were non-significant variations between them with respect to neonatal outcomes, such as weight at birth, congenital anomalies, or neonatal hypoglycemia. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Research progress on sex hormone-binding globulin involved in the occurrence and development of diabetes mellitus; Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is significantly associated with abnormal glucose metabolism. Low SHBG level is a risk factor for insulin resistance and the occurence of diabetes mellitus. SHBG is negatively correlated with the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and plays an important role in regulating insulin resistance while predicting its development. The genotype of SHBG has been found to be closely related to the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Fatty liver and DNA methylation are also important factors mediating the relationship between SHBG and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The change in SHBG level may be related to insulin resistance by influencing hepatocyte nuclear factor 4a and regulating glucose transporter. © 2023 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Modulation of NRF2/KEAP1 Signaling in Preeclampsia; Placentation is a key and tightly regulated process that ensures the normal development of the placenta and fetal growth. Preeclampsia (PE) is a hypertensive pregnancy-related disorder involving about 5–8% of all pregnancies and clinically characterized by de novo maternal hypertension and proteinuria. In addition, PE pregnancies are also characterized by increased oxidative stress and inflammation. The NRF2/KEAP1 signaling pathway plays an important role in protecting cells against oxidative damage due to increased reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels. ROS activate NRF2, allowing its binding to the antioxidant response element (ARE) region present in the promoter of several antioxidant genes such as heme oxygenase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase that neutralize ROS, protecting cells against oxidative stress damages. In this review, we analyze the current literature regarding the role of the NRF2/KEAP1 pathway in preeclamptic pregnancies, discussing the main cellular modulators of this pathway. Moreover, we also discuss the main natural and synthetic compounds that can regulate this pathway in in vivo and in vitro models. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal obesity and offspring health: Adapting metabolic changes through autophagy and mitophagy; Maternal obesity leads to obstetric complications and a high prevalence of metabolic anomalies in the offspring. Among various contributing factors for maternal obesity-evoked health sequelae, developmental programming is considered as one of the leading culprit factors for maternal obesity-associated chronic comorbidities. Although a unified theory is still lacking to systematically address multiple unfavorable postnatal health sequelae, a cadre of etiological machineries have been put forward, including lipotoxicity, inflammation, oxidative stress, autophagy/mitophagy defect, and cell death. Hereinto, autophagy and mitophagy play an essential housekeeping role in the clearance of long-lived, damaged, and unnecessary cell components to maintain and restore cellular homeostasis. Defective autophagy/mitophagy has been reported in maternal obesity and negatively impacts fetal development and postnatal health. This review will provide an update on metabolic disorders in fetal development and postnatal health issues evoked by maternal obesity and/or intrauterine overnutrition and discuss the possible contribution of autophagy/mitophagy in metabolic diseases. Moreover, relevant mechanisms and potential therapeutic strategies will be discussed in an effort to target autophagy/mitophagy and metabolic disturbances in maternal obesity. © 2023 World Obesity Federation.
A Role for Advanced Glycation End Products in Molecular Ageing; Ageing is a composite process that involves numerous changes at the cellular, tissue, organ and whole-body levels. These changes result in decreased functioning of the organism and the development of certain conditions, which ultimately lead to an increased risk of death. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are a family of compounds with a diverse chemical nature. They are the products of non-enzymatic reactions between reducing sugars and proteins, lipids or nucleic acids and are synthesised in high amounts in both physiological and pathological conditions. Accumulation of these molecules increases the level of damage to tissue/organs structures (immune elements, connective tissue, brain, pancreatic beta cells, nephrons, and muscles), which consequently triggers the development of age-related diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, neurodegeneration, and cardiovascular and kidney disorders. Irrespective of the role of AGEs in the initiation or progression of chronic disorders, a reduction in their levels would certainly provide health benefits. In this review, we provide an overview of the role of AGEs in these areas. Moreover, we provide examples of lifestyle interventions, such as caloric restriction or physical activities, that may modulate AGE formation and accumulation and help to promote healthy ageing. © 2023 by the authors.
The association of plant-based dietary pattern with general and abdominal obesity: a large cross-sectional study; Purpose: Only a few studies have studied the association between plant-based dietary index (PDI) and the prevalence of obesity. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between PDI and the prevalence of general and abdominal obesity in a large sample of Iranian adults. Methods: The current cross-sectional study was performed from 2010 to 2012 in Isfahan, Iran. This study comprised 6,724 adults between the ages of 18 and 55. We analyzed data from 6,724 participants who were classified as having general obesity and 5,203 individuals who were classified as having abdominal obesity. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. We determined the PDI by assigning plant foods positive scores and animal foods negative values using the method of Satija et al. General obesity was defined as having a body mass index (BMI) greater than 30 kg/m2, whereas abdominal obesity was classified as having a waist circumference (WC) greater than 88 cm for women and 102 cm for men. Data was examined using Chi-squared test and the analysis of variance (ANOVA and ANCOVA). Multivariable binary logistic regression analyses were performed to evaluate the association between PDI and risk of general as well as abdominal obesity. Results: The mean age of the study participants was 36.8 ± 8.08 years, and 57% of them were female. General obesity prevalence was 9.6%, while abdominal obesity was 26.8%. In all the unadjusted and multivariable adjusted models of the total population, there was no significant association between highest vs. lowest adherence to the PDI and general obesity or abdominal obesity. No significant association was found when men and women were analyzed separately as well. Conclusion: In the present study, no association was observed between PDI and general and abdominal obesity in the Iranian adult population. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Polymethoxyflavone-Enriched Fraction from Ougan (Citrus reticulata cv. Suavissima) Attenuated Diabetes and Modulated Gut Microbiota in Diabetic KK-Ay Mice; Diabetes mellitus is a serious, chronic disease worldwide; yet it is largely preventable through physical activity and healthy diets. Ougan (Citrus reticulata cv. Suavissima) is a characteristic citrus variety rich in polymethoxyflavones. In the present study, the anti-diabetic effects of the polymethoxyflavone-enriched fraction from Ougan (OG-PMFs) were investigated. Diabetic KK-Ay mice were supplemented with different doses of OG-PMFs for 5 weeks. Our results demonstrated that OG-PMFs exhibited robust protective effects against diabetes symptoms in KK-Ay mice. The potential mechanisms may partially be attributed to the restoration of hepatic GLUT2 and catalase expression. Notably, OG-PMF administration significantly altered the gut microbiota composition in diabetic KK-Ay, indicated by the suppression of metabolic disease-associated genera Desulfovibrio, Lachnoclostridium, Enterorhabdus, and Ralstonia, implying that the gut microbiota might be another target for OG-PMFs to show effects. Taken together, our results provided a supplementation for the metabolic-protective effects of PMFs and highlighted that OG-PMFs hold great potential to be developed as a functional food ingredient. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Natural products targeting inflammation-related metabolic disorders: A comprehensive review; Currently, the incidence of metabolic disorders is increasing, setting a challenge to global health. With major advancement in the diagnostic tools and clinical procedures, much has been known in the etiology of metabolic disorders and their corresponding pathophysiologies. In addition, the use of in vitro and in vivo experimental models prior to clinical studies has promoted numerous biomedical breakthroughs, including in the discovery and development of drug candidates to treat metabolic disorders. Indeed, chemicals isolated from natural products have been extensively studied as prospective drug candidates to manage diabetes, obesity, heart-related diseases, and cancer, partly due to their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Continuous efforts have been made in parallel to improve their bioactivity and bioavailability using selected drug delivery approaches. Here, we provide insights on recent progress in the role of inflammatory-mediated responses on the initiation of metabolic disorders, with particular reference to diabetes mellitus, obesity, heart-related diseases, and cancer. In addition, we discussed the prospective role of natural products in the management of diabetes, obesity, heart-related diseases, and cancers and provide lists of potential biological targets for high throughput screening in drug discovery and development. Lastly, we discussed findings observed in the preclinical and clinical studies prior to identifying suitable approaches on the phytochemical drug delivery systems that are potential to be used in the treatment of metabolic disorders. © 2023 The Authors
The role of long non-coding RNAs in the development of adipose cells; In recent times, the rising prevalence of obesity and its associated comorbidities have had a severe impact on human health and social progress. Therefore, scientists are delving deeper into the pathogenesis of obesity, exploring the role of non-coding RNAs. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), once regarded as mere “noise” during genome transcription, have now been confirmed through numerous studies to regulate gene expression and contribute to the occurrence and progression of several human diseases. LncRNAs can interact with protein, DNA, and RNA, respectively, and participate in regulating gene expression by modulating the levels of visible modification, transcription, post-transcription, and biological environment. Increasingly, researchers have established the involvement of lncRNAs in regulating adipogenesis, development, and energy metabolism of adipose tissue (white and brown fat). In this article, we present a literature review of the role of lncRNAs in the development of adipose cells. © 2023 The Authors
Role of metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes: recent advances; Metformin is one of the oldest antidiabetic medications, commonly used in the management of type 2 diabetes. Its mechanism of action is based on reducing glucose production in the liver, decreasing insulin resistance, and increasing insulin sensitivity. The drug has been studied extensively and has been shown to be effective in lowering blood glucose levels without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It has been used for the treatment of obesity, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. According to current guidelines, metformin can be used as the first-line agent in the management of diabetes; however, in individuals with type 2 diabetes who would benefit from cardio-renal protection, newer agents, such as sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, are favored as the first-line therapy. The novel classes of antidiabetic medications have demonstrated significant positive effects on glycemia with added benefits in patients with obesity, renal disease, heart failure, and cardiovascular disease. The emergence of these more effective agents has significantly altered the way diabetes is managed, thus prompting re-evaluation of metformin as the initial therapy for all patients with diabetes. Copyright by the Author(s), 2023.
Dietary Supplementation with Rutin Alters Meat Quality, Fatty Acid Profile, Antioxidant Capacity, and Expression Levels of Genes Associated with Lipid Metabolism in Breast Muscle of Qingyuan Partridge Chickens; Consumer demand for tasty and quality meat has been quickly increasing. This study investigated how dietary supplemented rutin affects meat quality, muscle fatty acid profile, and antioxidant capacity in the Chinese indigenous Qingyuan partridge chicken. A cohort of 180 healthy 119-day-old chickens was subjected to a randomized assignment into three groups, identified as the control, R200, and R400 groups, with respective supplementation of 0, 200, and 400 mg/kg of rutin. The results revealed insignificance in growth performance, namely, average daily gain, average daily feed intake, and feed-to-gain ratio, across the various treatment groups (p > 0.05). Nevertheless, dietary rutin supplementation increased (p < 0.05) breast muscle yield and intramuscular fat content in breast muscle and decreased (p < 0.05) drip loss in breast muscle. Rutin supplementation increased (p < 0.05) the content of high-density lipoprotein but decreased (p < 0.05) the contents of glucose, triglyceride, and total cholesterol in serum. Rutin supplementation increased (p < 0.05) the levels of DHA (C22:6n-3), total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), n-3 PUFAs, decanoic acid (C10:0), the activity of Δ5 + Δ6 (22:6 (n − 3)/18:3 (n − 3)), and the ratio of PUFA/SFA in breast muscle but decreased (p < 0.05) the level of palmitoleic acid (C16:1n-7), the ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFAs, and the activity of Δ9 (16:1 (n − 7)/16:0). Rutin treatment also reduced (p < 0.05) the contents of malondialdehyde in serum and breast muscle, and increased (p < 0.05) the catalase activity and total antioxidant capacity in serum and breast muscle and the activity of total superoxide dismutase in serum. Additionally, rutin supplementation downregulated the expression of AMPKα and upregulated the expression of PPARG, FADS1, FAS, ELOVL7, NRF2, and CAT in breast muscle (p < 0.05). Convincingly, the results revealed that rutin supplementation improved meat quality, fatty acid profiles, especially n-3 PUFAs, and the antioxidant capacity of Qingyuan partridge chickens. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of Phycocyanin on Glucose Metabolism in Insulin-Resistant HepG2 Cells; To investigate the mechanism of phycocyanin (PC) on improving insulin resistance (IR) in vitro, high concentration of insulin was used to induce IR model. HepG2 cells were treated with five insulin concentration gradients (10-9 , 10-8 , 10-7 , 10- 6 , 10- 5 滋mol / L) and six time gradients (0, 12, 24, 36, 48, 72 h), respectively. According to the results of glucose consumption and cell viability, the optimal concentration and time of insulin resistance model of HepG2 (IR-HepG2) cells were determined. After PC intervention, glucose consumption, glycogen synthesis and cell viability of normal and IR鄄HepG2 cells were detected, respectively. RT-qPCR and Western blot were used to investigate the possible mechanism. The results showed that IR鄄HepG2 cells was optimally established with 10 -7 滋mol/ L insulin treatment for 36 h. Different concentrations of PC could promote glucose consumption of IR鄄HepG2 cells. PC could up鄄regulate the transcription levels of IRS1, IRS2, GLUT1 and GLUT4 genes in both normal and IR鄄HepG2 cells, and increased the phosphorylated protein expression levels of IRS1, AMPK, GSK鄄3茁and AKT. PC might significantly promote glucose consumption in IR-HepG2 cells by activating IRS1/ AKT signaling pathway and increasing the phosphorylation of AMPK, also activating expression of GLUT1 and GLUT4 genes ecoding glucose transporter,and accelerate glucose utilization and improve insulin resistance in IR-HepG2 cell. This study indicated that PC had a potential role in preventing or improving hepatic insulin resistance of type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2023 Beijing Technology and Business University, Department of Science and Technology. All rights reserved.
Probiotics supplementation for management of type II diabetes risk factors in adults with polycystic ovarian syndrome: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trial; This meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials aimed to evaluate the effects of probiotic supplementation on glucose homeostasis in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The meta-analysis was performed in accordance with the Cochrane Handbook guidelines and relevant the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) statement criteria. Of 825 identified reports, 11 randomized clinical trials were included in the meta-analysis. An analysis of pooled extracted data revealed that supplementation with probiotics significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (FBG, n = 7; standardized mean difference (SMD) = −0.40; 95 % confidence interval (CI): −2.02, −0.02; P = 0.04) and insulin levels (n = 6; SMD = −0.57; 95 % CI: −0.89, −0.25; P = 0.0004) and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (n = 7; SMD = −0.64; 95 % CI: −0.96, −0.31; P = 0.0001) while increasing the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI, n = 5; SMD = 0.58; 95 % CI: 0.08, 1.09; P = 0.02) in patients with PCOS. The FBG-reducing effect decreased as the baseline body mass index (BMI) and mean age of the participants increased. Indeed, a greater number of bacterial species and a higher bacterial dose were shown to reduce QUICKI effectively. The systematic review indicated that probiotic supplementation may help to control glucose homeostasis in adults with polycystic ovarian syndrome. © 2022
The gut microbiota-bile acid axis mediates the beneficial associations between plasma vitamin D and metabolic syndrome in Chinese adults: A prospective study; Background & aims: Previous studies have suggested that circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25 [OH]D, VD) and the gut microbiota-bile acid axis play crucial roles in metabolic health. Exploring the mediating role of the gut microbiota-bile acid axis would improve our understanding of the mechanisms underlying the effects of VD on human metabolic health. This study examined the association between plasma 25(OH)D and the prevalence/incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and the mediating role of the gut microbiota-bile acid axis. Methods: This prospective study included 3180 participants with plasma 25(OH)D data at baseline and 2966 participants with a 9-year follow-up. MetS was determined every three years. The gut microbiota was analyzed by 16S rRNA sequencing in 1752 participants, and targeted bile acid metabolites in feces were further determined in 974 participants using UPLC‒MS/MS at the middle of the study. Mediating roles of microbiota and bile acids in the VD-MetS associations were analyzed using mediation/path analyses adjusted for potential confounders. Results: Among the 2966 participants who were followed-up, 1520, 193, 647, and 606 were MetS-free (normal), recovered, had incident MetS, and had persistent MetS, respectively. The multivariable-adjusted ORs (95% CIs) of MetS prevalence were 0.65 (0.50, 0.84) for baseline MetS and 0.46 (0.33, 0.65) for 9-year persistent MetS in quartile 4 (compared to quartile 1) of plasma 25(OH)D (median: 37.7 vs. 19.6, ng/ml). The corresponding HR (95% CI) of 9-year MetS incidence was 0.71 (0.56, 0.90) (all P-trend < 0.05). Higher VD concentrations were associated with greater α-diversity of the gut microbiota, which was inversely correlated with MetS risk. The groups classified by VD and MetS status had significantly different β-diversity. Ruminiclostridium-6 and Christensenellaceae R-7 group were enriched in the high-VD group and were inversely associated with MetS. However, opposite associations were observed for Lachnoclostridium and Acidaminococcus. The overlapping differential microbial score (ODMS) developed from the four differential genera explained 12.2% of the VD-MetS associations (Pmediation = 0.015). Furthermore, the fecal bile acid score created from 11 differential bile acids related to ODMS and MetS mediated 34.2% of the association between ODMS and MetS (Pmediation = 0.029). Path analyses showed that the inverse association between plasma 25(OH)D and MetS could be mediated by the gut microbiota-bile acid axis. Conclusions: The findings suggest that the gut microbiota-bile acid axis partially mediates the beneficial association between plasma 25(OH)D and the risk of persistent MetS and incident MetS in the Chinese population. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Sirtuins, resveratrol and the intertwining cellular pathways connecting them; Sirtuins are a family of NAD+-dependent deacylases with numerous physiological and pathological implications, which lately became an attractive therapeutic target. Sirtuin-activating compounds (STACs) could be useful in disease prevention and treatment. Despite its bioavailability issues, resveratrol exerts a myriad of beneficial effects, known as the “resveratrol paradox”. Modulation of sirtuins’ expression and activity may, in fact, underlie many of resveratrol revered actions; however, the cellular pathways affected by modulating the activity of each sirtuin isoform, in different physio-pathological conditions, are not fully known. The purpose of this review was to summarize recent reports concerning the effects of resveratrol on the activity of sirtuins in different experimental settings, focusing on in vitro and in vivo preclinical studies. Most reports concern SIRT1, however recent studies dive into the effects initiated via other isoforms. Numerous cellular signaling pathways were reported to be modulated by resveratrol in a sirtuin-dependent manner (increased phosphorylation of MAPKs, AKT, AMPK, RhoA, BDNF, decreased activation of NLRP3 inflammasome, NF-κB, STAT3, upregulation of SIRT1/SREBP1c pathway, reduced β-amyloid via SIRT1-NF-κB-BACE1 signaling and counteracting mitochondrial damage by deacetylating PGC-1α). Thus, resveratrol may be the ideal candidate in the search for STACs as a tool for preventing and treating inflammatory and neurodegenerative diseases. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Evaluation of Nrg4 and thiol/disulfide homeostasis in patients with GDM; Background: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the role of neuregulin4 (Nrg4) in the etiopathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and thiol/disulfide homeostasis as an indicator of oxidative stress. Methods: This prospective, case-control study included 34 women with diabetes and 34 healthy pregnant women who applied between January 2017 and January 2020. Levels of native and total thiol, disulfide and Nrg4 were measured in both diabetes mellitus and healthy pregnant groups. Results: When compared to the control group, the serum neuregulin4 levels in the diabetes group were considerably lower (3.22 ± 2.16 vs. 4.55 ± 0.96, p < 0.001). Native thiol (292.67 ± 43.65 vs. 366.40 ± 51.28; p < 0.001), total thiol (388.60 ± 46.60 vs. 414.52 ± 54.19; p < 0.001) levels and native thiol/total thiol ratio (75.51 ± 8.95 vs. 88.35 ± 3.54; p < 0.001) were lower in diabetes group compared to control group. Disulfide level (47.96 ± 19.52 vs. 24.06 ± 7.69) and disulfide/native thiol (17.13 ± 8.03, vs. 6.67 ± 2.30) and disulfide/total thiol (12.24 ± 4.47 vs. 5.82 ± 1.77) ratios were higher in diabetes group (all p < 0.001). Conclusions: We suggested that decreased Nrg4 level and impaired oxidative stress parameters may be related with the increased risk of diabetes. However, we did not found a correlation between the Nrg4 and oxidative stress parameters. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Association of Long-term exposure to air pollution and residential greenness with lipid profile: Mediating role of inflammation; Lipidemic effect of air pollutants are still inconsistent and their joint effects are neglected. Meanwhile, identified inflammation pathways in animal have not been applied in epidemiological studies, and beneficial effect of residential greenness remained unclear. Therefore, we used data from typically air-polluted Chinese cities to answer these questions. Particulate matter (PM) with a diameter of ≤ 1 µm (PM1), PM with a diameter of ≤ 2.5 µm (PM2.5), PM with a diameter of ≤ 10 µm (PM10), sulphur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), and ozone (O3) were predicted by space–time extremely randomized trees model. Residential greenness was reflected by Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI). Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were measured, and atherogenic coefficient (AC) and TG/HDL-C (TGH) ratio were calculated to indicate lipid metabolism. Generalized additive mixed model and quantile g-computation were respectively conducted to investigate individual and joint lipidemic effect of air pollutants. Covariates including demographical characteristics, living habits, meteorological factors, time trends, and disease information were considered to avoid confounding our results. Complement C3 and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were analyzed as potential mediators. Finally, association between NDVI and lipid markers were explored. We found that long-term air pollutants exposure were positively associated with lipid markers. Complement C3 mediated 54.72% (95% CI: 0.30, 63.10) and 72.53% (95% CI: 0.65, 77.61) of the association between PM1 and TC and LDL-C, respectively. We found some significant associations of lipid markers with NDVI1000 m rather than NDVI500 m. BMI, disease status, smoke/drink habits are important effect modifiers. Results are robust in sensitive analysis. Our study indicated that air pollutants exposure may detriment lipid metabolism and inflammation may be the potential triggering pathways, while greenness may exert beneficial effects. This study provided insights for the lipidemic effects of air pollution and greenness. © 2023 The Authors
Valproate-Induced Metabolic Syndrome; Valproic acid (VPA) and its salts (sodium calcium magnesium and orotic) are psychotropic drugs that are widely used in neurology and psychiatry. The long-term use of VPA increases the risk of developing adverse drug reactions (ADRs), among which metabolic syndrome (MetS) plays a special role. MetS belongs to a cluster of metabolic conditions such as abdominal obesity, high blood pressure, high blood glucose, high serum triglycerides, and low serum high-density lipoprotein. Valproate-induced MetS (VPA-MetS) is a common ADR that needs an updated multidisciplinary approach to its prevention and diagnosis. In this review, we consider the results of studies of blood (serum and plasma) and the urinary biomarkers of VPA-MetS. These metabolic biomarkers may provide the key to the development of a new multidisciplinary personalized strategy for the prevention and diagnosis of VPA-MetS in patients with neurological diseases, psychiatric disorders, and addiction diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Ultra-Processed Food Consumption and Incidence of Obesity and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Adults: A Systematic Review of Prospective Studies; Ultra-processed foods (UPF) are energy-dense, nutritionally unbalanced products, low in fiber but high in saturated fat, salt, and sugar. Recently, UPF consumption has increased likewise the incidence of obesity and cardiometabolic diseases. To highlight a possible relationship, we conducted a systematic review of prospective studies from PubMed and Web of Science investigating the association between UPF consumption and the incidence of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors. Seventeen studies were selected. Eight evaluated the incidence of general and abdominal obesity, one the incidence of impaired fasting blood glucose, four the incidence of diabetes, two the incidence of dyslipidemia, and only one the incidence of metabolic syndrome. Studies’ quality was assessed according to the Critical Appraisal Checklist for cohort studies proposed by the Joanna Briggs Institute. Substantial agreement emerged among the studies in defining UPF consumption as being associated with the incident risk of general and abdominal obesity. More limited was the evidence on cardiometabolic risk. Nevertheless, most studies reported that UPF consumption as being associated with an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia. In conclusion, evidence supports the existence of a relationship between UPF consumption and the incidence of obesity and cardiometabolic risk. However, further longitudinal studies considering diet quality and changes over time are needed. © 2023 by the authors.
Hydroxylation markedly alters how the polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congener, PCB52, affects gene expression in human preadipocytes; Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) accumulate in adipose tissue and are linked to obesity and diabetes. The congener, PCB52 (2,2′,5,5′-tetrachorobiphenyl), is found at high levels in school air. Hydroxylation of PCB52 to 4-OH-PCB52 (4-hydroxy-2,2′,5,5′-tetrachorobiphenyl) may increase its toxicity. To understand PCB52's role in causing adipose dysfunction, we exposed human preadipocytes to PCB52 or 4-OH-PCB52 across a time course and assessed transcript changes using RNAseq. 4-OH-PCB52 caused considerably more changes in the number of differentially expressed genes as compared to PCB52. Both PCB52 and 4-OH-PCB52 upregulated transcript levels of the sulfotransferase SULT1E1 at early time points, but cytochrome P450 genes were generally not affected. A set of genes known to be transcriptionally regulated by PPARα were consistently downregulated by PCB52 at all time points. In contrast, 4-OH-PCB52 affected a variety of pathways, including those involving cytokine responses, hormone responses, focal adhesion, Hippo, and Wnt signaling. Sets of genes known to be transcriptionally regulated by IL17A or parathyroid hormone (PTH) were found to be consistently downregulated by 4-OH-PCB52. Most of the genes affected by PCB52 and 4-OH-PCB52 were different and, of those that were the same, many were changed in an opposite direction. These studies provide insight into how PCB52 or its metabolites may cause adipose dysfunction to cause disease. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Polymorphisms of Fat Mass and Obesity-Associated Gene in the Pathogenesis of Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome; Childhood metabolic syndrome (MetS) is prevalent around the world and is associated with a high likelihood of suffering from severe diseases such as cardiovascular disease later in adulthood. MetS is associated with genetic susceptibility that involves gene polymorphisms. The fat mass and obesity-associated gene (FTO) encodes an RNA N6-methyladenosine demethylase that regulates RNA stability and molecular functions. Human FTO contains genetic variants that significantly contribute to the early onset of MetS in children and adolescents. Emerging evidence has also uncovered that FTO polymorphisms in intron 1, such as rs9939609 and rs9930506 polymorphisms, are significantly associated with the development of MetS in children and adolescents. Mechanistic studies reported that FTO polymorphisms lead to aberrant expressions of FTO and the adjacent genes that promote adipogenesis and appetite and reduce steatolysis, satiety, and energy expenditure in the carriers. The present review highlights the recent observations on the key FTO polymorphisms that are associated with child and adolescent MetS with an exploration of the molecular mechanisms underlying the development of increased waist circumference, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia in child and adolescent MetS. © 2023 by the authors.
Sex differences in type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasing in both sexes, but men are usually diagnosed at a younger age and lower body fat mass than women. Worldwide, an estimated 17.7 million more men than women have diabetes mellitus. Women appear to bear a greater risk factor burden at the time of their type 2 diabetes diagnosis, especially obesity. Moreover, psychosocial stress might play a more prominent role in diabetes risk in women. Across their lifespan, women experience greater hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors than men. Pregnancies can unmask pre-existing metabolic abnormalities, resulting in the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which appears to be the most prominent risk factor for progression to type 2 diabetes in women. Additionally, menopause increases women’s cardiometabolic risk profile. Due to the progressive rise in obesity, there is a global increase in women with pregestational type 2 diabetes, often with inadequate preconceptual care. There are differences between men and women regarding type 2 diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors with respect to comorbidities, the manifestation of complications and the initiation of and adherence to therapy. Women with type 2 diabetes show greater relative risk of CVD and mortality than men. Moreover, young women with type 2 diabetes are currently less likely than men to receive the treatment and CVD risk reduction recommended by guidelines. Current medical recommendations do not provide information on sex-specific or gender-sensitive prevention strategies and management. Thus, more research on sex differences, including the underlying mechanisms, is necessary to increase the evidence in the future. Nonetheless, intensified efforts to screen for glucose metabolism disorders and other cardiovascular risk factors, as well as the early establishment of prophylactic measures and aggressive risk management strategies, are still required for both men and women at increased risk of type 2 diabetes. In this narrative review we aim to summarise sex-specific clinical features and differences between women and men with type 2 diabetes into risk factors, screening, diagnosis, complications and treatment. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s).
The Effects of Omega 3 and Omega 6 Fatty Acids on Glucose Metabolism: An Updated Review; Massive changes have occurred in our diet. A growing consumption of vegetal oils rich in omega-6 (ω-6) and a depletion of omega-3 (ω-3) fatty acids (FAs) in our food has led to an imbalance between ω-3 and ω-6. In particular, eicosapentaenoic (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio seems to be an indicator of this derangement, whose reduction is associated to the development of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus. Our aim was therefore to investigate the literature on the effects of ω-3 and ω-6 FAs on glucose metabolism. We discussed emerging evidence from pre-clinical studies and from clinical trials. Notably, conflicting results emerged. Source of ω-3, sample size, ethnicity, study duration and food cooking method may be responsible for the lack of univocal results. High EPA/AA ratio seems to be a promising indicator of better glycemic control and reduced inflammation. On the other hand, linoleic acid (LA) appears to be also associated to a minor incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, although it is still not clear if the outcome is related to a reduced production of AA or to its intrinsic effect. More data derived from multicenter, prospective randomized clinical trials are needed. © 2023 by the authors.
Osteoprotegerin/Receptor Activator of Nuclear Factor-Kappa B Ligand/Receptor Activator of Nuclear Factor-Kappa B Axis in Obesity, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Purpose of Review : To summarize evidence on the potential involvement of the osteoprotegerin (OPG)/receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-κΒ) ligand (RANKL)/receptor activator of NF-κΒ (RANK) axis in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases. Recent Findings : The OPG-RANKL-RANK axis, which has been originally involved in bone remodeling and osteoporosis, is now recognized as a potential contributor in the pathogenesis of obesity and its associated comorbidities, i.e., type 2 diabetes mellitus and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Besides bone, OPG and RANKL are also produced in adipose tissue and may be involved in the inflammatory process associated with obesity. Metabolically healthy obesity has been associated with lower circulating OPG concentrations, possibly representing a counteracting mechanism, while elevated serum OPG levels may reflect an increased risk of metabolic dysfunction or cardiovascular disease. OPG and RANKL have been also proposed as potential regulators of glucose metabolism and are potentially involved in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus. In clinical terms, type 2 diabetes mellitus has been consistently associated with increased serum OPG concentrations. With regard to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, experimental data suggest a potential contribution of OPG and RANKL in hepatic steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis; however, most clinical studies showed reduction in serum concentrations of OPG and RANKL. Summary : The emerging contribution of the OPG-RANKL-RANK axis to the pathogenesis of obesity and its associated comorbidities warrants further investigation by mechanistic studies and may have potential diagnostic and therapeutic implications. © 2023, The Author(s).
Birth weight and subclinical cardiovascular and renal damage in a population-based study (the STANISLAS cohort study); Objective:Although preterm-born and low-birth-weight individuals have an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood, little is known regarding early cardiovascular and renal damage (CVRD) or hypertension in adulthood. Our study investigated the association of birth weight with early CVRD markers as well as the heritability of birth weight in an initially healthy family-based cohort.Methods:This study was based on 1028 individuals from the familial longitudinal STANISLAS cohort (399 parents/629 children) initiated in 1993-1995, with a fourth examination conducted in 2011-2016. Analyses performed at the fourth visit included pulse-wave velocity, central pressure, ambulatory blood pressure, hypertension status, diastolic dysfunction/distensibility, left ventricular mass indexed (LVMI), carotid intima-media thickness and kidney damage. The family structure of the cohort allowed birth weight heritability estimation.Results:Mean (±SD) birth weight was 3.3 ± 0.6 kg. Heritability was moderate (42-44%). At the fourth visit, individuals were 37 years old (32.0-57.0), 56% were women and 13% had antihypertensive treatment. Birth weight was strongly and negatively associated with hypertension [odds ratio (OR) 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 (0.45-0.84)]. A nonlinear association was found with LVMI, participants with a birth weight greater than 3 kg having a higher LVMI. A positive association (β 95% CI 5.09 (1.8-8.38)] was also observed between birth weight and distensibility for adults with normal BMI. No associations were found with other CVRD.Conclusion:In this middle-Aged population, birth weight was strongly and negatively associated with hypertension, and positively associated with distensibility in adults with normal BMI and with LVMI for higher birth weights. No associations were found with other CVRD markers. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Chinese expert consensus on metformin in clinical practice: 2023 update; Metformin has robust glucose‑lowering effects and multiple benefits beyond hypoglycemic effects. It can also be used in combination with various hypoglycemic drugs and is cost effective. In the absence of the strong indications of glucagon like peptide‑1 receptor agonist (GLP‑1RA) or sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor (SGLT2i) for cardiorenal protection, metformin should be used as the first‑line pharmacological treatment for newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes and the basic drug for the combined treatment of hypoglycemic drugs. Metformin does not increase the risk of liver and kidney function damage, but patients with renal dysfunction should adjust the dosage of metformin based on estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) levels. Moreover, the correct use of metformin does not increase the risk of lactic acidosis. Because long‑term use of metformin is associated with a decrease in vitamin B12 levels, patients with insufficient intake or absorption of vitamin B12 should be regularly monitored and appropriately supplemented with vitamin B12. In view of the new progress made in the basic and clinical research related to metformin, the consensus updating expert group updated the consensus on the basis of the Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Metformin (2018 Edition). © 2023 Chinese Medical Association
CCN proteins: opportunities for clinical studies—a personal perspective; The diverse members of the CCN family now designated as CCN1(CYR61), CCN2 (CTGF), CCN3(NOV), CCN4(WISP1), CCN5(WISP2), CCN6(WISP3) are a conserved matricellular family of proteins exhibiting a spectrum of functional properties throughout all organs in the body. Interaction with cell membrane receptors such as integrins trigger intracellular signaling pathways. Proteolytically cleaved fragments (constituting the active domains) can be transported to the nucleus and perform transcriptional relevant functional activities. Notably, as also found in other protein families some members act opposite to others creating a system of functionally relevant checks and balances. It has become apparent that these proteins are secreted into the circulation, are quantifiable, and can serve as disease biomarkers. How they might also serve as homeostatic regulators is just becoming appreciated. In this review I have attempted to highlight the most recent evidence under the subcategories of cancer and non-cancer relevant that could lead to potential therapeutic approaches or ideas that can be factored into clinical advances. I have added my own personal perspective on feasibility. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2023, The International CCN Society.
Endocrine disruptors in plastics alter β-cell physiology and increase the risk of diabetes mellitus; Plastic pollution breaks a planetary boundary threatening wildlife and humans through its physical and chemical effects. Of the latter, the release of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) has consequences on the prevalence of human diseases related to the endocrine system. Bisphenols (BPs) and phthalates are two groups of EDCs commonly found in plastics that migrate into the environment and make low-dose human exposure ubiquitous. Here we review epidemiological, animal, and cellular studies linking exposure to BPs and phthalates to altered glucose regulation, with emphasis on the role of pancreatic β-cells. Epidemiological studies indicate that exposure to BPs and phthalates is associated with diabetes mellitus. Studies in animal models indicate that treatment with doses within the range of human exposure decreases insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance, induces dyslipidemia, and modifies functional β-cell mass and serum levels of insulin, leptin, and adiponectin. These studies reveal that disruption of β-cell physiology by EDCs plays a key role in impairing glucose homeostasis by altering the mechanisms used by β-cells to adapt to metabolic stress such as chronic nutrient excess. Studies at the cellular level demonstrate that BPs and phthalates modify the same biochemical pathways involved in adaptation to chronic excess fuel. These include changes in insulin biosynthesis and secretion, electrical activity, expression of key genes, and mitochondrial function. The data summarized here indicate that BPs and phthalates are important risk factors for diabetes mellitus and support a global effort to decrease plastic pollution and human exposure to EDCs.  © 2023 The Authors.
Hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model; Abstract: Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) is a pregnancy complication characterized by mild to moderate hyperglycaemia that negatively impacts short- and long-term health of mother and child. However, relationships between severity and timing of pregnancy hyperglycaemia and postpartum outcomes have not been systemically investigated. We investigated the impact of hyperglycaemia developing during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) or already present pre-mating (pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, PDM) on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. GDM and PDM were induced in C57BL/6NTac mice by combined 60% high fat diet (HF) and low dose streptozotocin (STZ). Animals were screened for PDM prior to mating, and all underwent an oral glucose tolerance test on gestational day (GD)15. Tissues were collected at GD18 or at postnatal day (PN)15. Among HFSTZ-treated dams, 34% developed PDM and 66% developed GDM, characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin release and inadequate suppression of endogenous glucose production. No increased adiposity or overt insulin resistance was observed. Furthermore, markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were significantly increased in PDM at GD18 and were positively correlated with basal glucose levels at GD18 in GDM dams. By PN15, NAFLD markers were also increased in GDM dams. Only PDM affected pregnancy outcomes such as litter size. Our findings indicate that GDM and PDM, resulting in disturbances of maternal glucose homeostasis, increase the risk of postpartum NAFLD development, related to the onset and severity of pregnancy hyperglycaemia. These findings signal a need for earlier monitoring of maternal glycaemia and more rigorous follow-up of maternal health after GDM and PDM pregnancy in humans. (Figure presented.). Key points: We studied the impact of high-fat diet/streptozotocin induced hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in mice and found that this impaired glucose tolerance and insulin release. Litter size and embryo survival were compromised by pre-gestational, but not by gestational, diabetes. Despite postpartum recovery from hyperglycaemia in a majority of dams, liver disease markers were further elevated by postnatal day 15. Maternal liver disease markers were associated with the severity of hyperglycaemia at gestational day 18. The association between hyperglycaemic exposure and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease signals a need for more rigorous monitoring and follow-up of maternal glycaemia and health in diabetic pregnancy in humans. © 2023 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of The Physiological Society.
Plant-Derived Nutraceuticals Involved in Body Weight Control by Modulating Gene Expression; Obesity is the most prevalent health problem in the Western world, with pathological body weight gain associated with numerous co-morbidities that can be the main cause of death. There are several factors that can contribute to the development of obesity, such as diet, sedentary lifestyle, and genetic make-up. Genetic predispositions play an important role in obesity, but genetic variations alone cannot fully explain the explosion of obesity, which is why studies have turned to epigenetics. The latest scientific evidence suggests that both genetics and environmental factors contribute to the rise in obesity. Certain variables, such as diet and exercise, have the ability to alter gene expression without affecting the DNA sequence, a phenomenon known as epigenetics. Epigenetic changes are reversible, and reversibility makes these changes attractive targets for therapeutic interventions. While anti-obesity drugs have been proposed to this end in recent decades, their numerous side effects make them not very attractive. On the other hand, the use of nutraceuticals for weight loss is increasing, and studies have shown that some of these products, such as resveratrol, curcumin, epigallocatechin-3-gallate, ginger, capsaicin, and caffeine, can alter gene expression, restoring the normal epigenetic profile and aiding weight loss. © 2023 by the authors.
Is Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus a Behavioural Disorder? An Evidence Review for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Prevention and Remission through Lifestyle Modification; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is steadily rising worldwide due to an increasingly sedentary lifestyle combined with unhealthy food habits. Currently, the burden of diabetes on healthcare systems is unprecedented and rising daily. Several observational studies and randomized controlled trials provide clinical evidence that T2DM remission is possible by adopting dietary interventions and a strict exercise training protocol. Notably, these studies provide ample evidence for remission in patients with T2DM or for prevention in those with risk factors for the disease through various non-pharmacological behavioural interventions. In this article, we present two clinical cases of individuals who showed remission from T2DM/prediabetes via behavioural changes, especially through the adoption of a low-energy diet and exercise. We also discuss the recent advances in T2DM and obesity research, focusing on nutritional interventions and exercise and their benefits for weight loss, improved metabolic profile, enhanced glycaemic control and remission of diabetes. © Touch Medical Media 2023.
Long-term effect of intensive lifestyle intervention on cardiometabolic risk factors and microvascular complications in patients with diabetes in real-world clinical practice: A 10-year longitudinal study; Introduction Intensive lifestyle intervention (ILI) has significantly reduced incidence of diabetes and improved many cardiovascular disease risk factors. We evaluated long-term effects of ILI on cardiometabolic risk factors, and microvascular and macrovascular complications among patients with diabetes in real-world clinical practice. Research design and methods We evaluated 129 patients with diabetes and obesity enrolled in a 12-week translational model of ILI. At 1 year, we divided participants into group A, who maintained <7% weight loss (n=61, 47.7%), and group B, who maintained ≥7% weight loss (n=67, 52.3%). We continued to follow them for 10 years. Results The total cohort lost an average of 10.8±4.6 kg (-9.7%) at 12 weeks and maintained an average weight loss of 7.7±10 kg (-6.9%) at 10 years. Group A maintained 4.3±9.5 kg (-4.3%) and group B maintained 10.8±9.3 kg (-9.3%) of weight loss at 10 years (p<0.001 between groups). In group A, A1c decreased from 7.5±1.3% to 6.7±0.9% at 12 weeks but rebounded to 7.7±1.4% at 1 year and 8.0±1.9% at 10 years. In group B, A1c decreased from 7.4±1.2% to 6.4±0.9% at 12 weeks then increased to 6.8±1.2% at 1 year and 7.3±1.5% at 10 years (p<0.05 between groups). Maintenance of ≥7% weight loss at 1 year was associated with a 68% lower risk of developing nephropathy for up to 10 years compared with maintenance of <7% weight loss (adjusted HR for group B: 0.32, 95% CI 0.11, 0.9, p=0.007). Conclusions Weight reduction in patients with diabetes can be maintained for up to 10 years in real-world clinical practice. Sustained weight loss is associated with significantly lower A1c at 10 years and improvement in lipid profile. Maintenance of ≥7% weight loss at 1 year is associated with decreased incidence of diabetic nephropathy at 10 years.  © 2023 BMJ Open Quality. All rights reserved.
A putative adverse outcome network for neonatal mortality and lower birth weight in rodents: Applicability to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and relevance to human health; Background: Some per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) cause neonatal mortality and lower birth weight in rodents. We constructed an Adverse Outcome Pathway (AOP) network for neonatal mortality and lower birth weight in rodents, comprising three putative AOPs. We then assessed strengths of the evidence for the AOPs and applicability to PFAS. Finally, we considered the relevance of this AOP network to human health. Methods: Literature searches targeted PFAS, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonists, other nuclear receptors, relevant tissues, and developmental targets. We used reviews of established biology and described results of studies with prenatal PFAS exposure that assessed birth weight and neonatal survival. Molecular initiating events (MIEs) and key events (KEs) were proposed and strengths of KE relationships (KERs), applicability to PFAS, and human relevance were assessed. Results: Neonatal mortality has been observed in rodents following gestational exposure to most longer chain PFAS studied, often coincident with lower birth weight. In AOP 1, PPARα activation and PPARγ activation or downregulation are MIEs; placental insufficiency, fetal nutrient restriction, neonatal hepatic glycogen deficit, and hypoglycemia are KEs leading to neonatal mortality and lower birth weight. In AOP 2, constitutive androstane receptor (CAR) and pregnane X receptor (PXR) activation upregulates Phase II metabolism, lowering maternal circulating thyroid hormones. In AOP 3, disrupted pulmonary surfactant function and PPARγ downregulation cause neonatal airway collapse and mortality from respiratory failure. Conclusions: It is likely that different components of this AOP network will apply to different PFAS, largely determined by which nuclear receptors they activate. The MIEs and KEs in this AOP network can occur in humans, but differences in PPAR structure and function, and the timeline of liver and lung development, suggest that humans may be less susceptible to this AOP network. This putative AOP network elucidates knowledge gaps and research needed to better understand the developmental toxicity of PFAS. © 2023 The Authors. Birth Defects Research published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Rational Design of Multifunctional Ferulic Acid Derivatives Aimed for Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases; Ferulic acid has numerous beneficial effects on human health, which are frequently attributed to its antioxidant behavior. In this report, many of them are reviewed, and 185 new ferulic acid derivatives are computationally designed using the CADMA-Chem protocol. Consequently, their chemical space was sampled and evaluated. To that purpose, selection and elimination scores were used, which are built from a set of descriptors accounting for ADME properties, toxicity, and synthetic accessibility. After the first screening, 12 derivatives were selected and further investigated. Their potential role as antioxidants was predicted from reactivity indexes directly related to the formal hydrogen atom transfer and the single electron transfer mechanisms. The best performing molecules were identified by comparisons with the parent molecule and two references: Trolox and α-tocopherol. Their potential as polygenic neuroprotectors was investigated through the interactions with enzymes directly related to the etiologies of Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s diseases. These enzymes are acetylcholinesterase, catechol-O-methyltransferase, and monoamine oxidase B. Based on the obtained results, the most promising candidates (FA-26, FA-118, and FA-138) are proposed as multifunctional antioxidants with potential neuroprotective effects. The findings derived from this investigation are encouraging and might promote further investigations on these molecules. © 2023 by the authors.
Association between intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus is one of the most prevalent prenatal illnesses (ranging from 5% to 18%), while intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy takes the first place among liver diseases during pregnancy (ranging from 0.2% to 27%). In our summary, we examined the relationship between the two gestation-related medical conditions and their combined presence affects on the outcome of pregnancy. Based on research available, it can be stated that intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy may be a predisposing factor to late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus. This connection stems from the modulating role of serum bile acids, as due to the regulation of farnesoid X receptor and Takeda G protein-coupled receptor 5 the bile acids affect glucose and lipid homeostasis. Common fetal complications of gestational diabetes and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy are stillbirth, acute respiratory distress syndrome and preterm delivery. Gestational diabetes mellitus may be more common in patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and the co-occurrence of the two diseases can increase the risk of fetal and maternal complications, therefore special attention must be paid to the prevention and treatment of these by the prenatal caregiver.  © Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest 2023.
The contribution of mango fruit (Mangifera indica L.) to human nutrition and health; The mango fruit is of great economic value worldwide and of great nutritional importance. Its functional effects are due to numerous important nutrients and bioactive compounds. In this review, the benefits of mango fruit (pulp, peel, and seed) for human nutrition and health are detailed. The first part of the review presents the nutrient and phytochemical content of the mango fruit, and the second part addresses its health effects. The very diverse phytochemical components in mango fruit can be classified into several groups including macronutrients such as carbohydrates (sugars, pectin, and cellulose), proteins, lipids (Ω-3 and Ω-6 fatty acids); micronutrients such as vitamins A and C, minerals, pigments (chlorophylls, carotenoids, and anthocyanins, depending on the cultivar), phenolic compounds (phenolic acids and flavonoids), and volatile compounds. The beneficial effects of mango fruit and its components have been studied on different non-communicable diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cancer. A great diversity of research approaches have been used to study mango fruit health benefits, and those can be grouped into three main categories: a) those that present the associations or direct effects of the edible portion of the fruit on health through observational epidemiological studies and clinical trials; b) in vivo and in vitro experimental approaches that address either the physiological effects or mechanisms of several kinds of extracts or purified components of mango fruit (pulp, peel and seed), and c) preclinical and clinical studies that explore the possible pharmacological uses of mango fruit. Current scientific understanding of mango health benefits suggest that consumption of mango fruit and its byproducts containing bioactive components can be useful as part of a healthy diet in order to reduce the incidence of health problems. © 2023 The Author(s)
Gene–environment interactions in the associations of PFAS exposure with insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in a Faroese cohort followed from birth to adulthood; Background: Exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) has been associated with changes in insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta-cell function in humans. Genetic predisposition to diabetes may modify these associations; however, this hypothesis has not been yet studied. Objectives: To evaluate genetic heterogeneity as a modifier in the PFAS association with insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta-cell function, using a targeted gene–environment (GxE) approach. Methods: We studied 85 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with type 2 diabetes, in 665 Faroese adults born in 1986–1987. Perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) were measured in cord whole blood at birth and in participants’ serum from age 28 years. We calculated the Matsuda-insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and the insulinogenic index (IGI) based on a 2 h-oral glucose tolerance test performed at age 28. Effect modification was evaluated in linear regression models adjusted for cross-product terms (PFAS*SNP) and important covariates. Results: Prenatal and adult PFOS exposures were significantly associated with decreased insulin sensitivity and increased beta-cell function. PFOA associations were in the same direction but attenuated compared to PFOS. A total of 58 SNPs were associated with at least one PFAS exposure variable and/or Matsuda-ISI or IGI in the Faroese population and were subsequently tested as modifiers in the PFAS-clinical outcome associations. Eighteen SNPs showed interaction p-values (PGxE) < 0.05 in at least one PFAS-clinical outcome association, five of which passed False Discovery Rate (FDR) correction (PGxE-FDR<0.20). SNPs for which we found stronger evidence for GxE interactions included ABCA1 rs3890182, FTO rs9939609, FTO rs3751812, PPARG rs170036314 and SLC12A3 rs2289116 and were more clearly shown to modify the PFAS associations with insulin sensitivity, rather than with beta-cell function. Discussion: Findings from this study suggest that PFAS-associated changes in insulin sensitivity could vary between individuals as a result of genetic predisposition and warrant replication in independent larger populations. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Natural activators of AMPK signaling: potential role in the management of type-2 diabetes; Adenosine 5’-monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is an evolutionarily conserved serine/threonine kinase involved in the homeostasis of cellular energy. AMPK has developed as an appealing clinical target for the diagnosis of multiple metabolic diseases such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, inflammation, and cancer. Genetic and pharmacological studies indicate that AMPK is needed in response to glucose deficiency, dietary restriction, and increased physical activity for preserving glucose homeostasis. After activation, AMPK influences metabolic mechanisms contributing to enhanced ATP production, thus growing processes that absorb ATP simultaneously. In this review, several natural products have been discussed which enhance the sensitivity of AMPK and alleviate sub complications or different pathways by which such AMPK triggers can be addressed. AMPK Natural products as potential AMPK activators can be developed as alternate pharmacological intervention to reverse metabolic disorders including type 2 diabetes. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Effect of Compound Vegetable Jiaosu on Intestinal Flora of Healthy Young Generation; This paper aimed to investigate the effects of the vegetable jiaosu complex on the intestinal flora of healthy youths and provide guidance for the consumption of jiaosu products. 26 healthy youths without exogenous antibiotics or fecal microbiota transplants consumed the vegetable Jiaosu complex for 14 days. Fecal samples were taken at days 0, 7, and 14, and the flora in each group was measured by high-throughput sequencing. The results showed that the structure and abundance of intestinal flora changed in healthy youths with continuous intake of the vegetable jiaosu complex. At the phylum and genus taxonomic levels, the structure and abundance of the intestinal flora of healthy youths were significantly different at days 0, 7, and 14 compared to each other; the abundance and structure of the flora gradually returned to that of day 0 at day 14. The PICRUSt2 and KEGG databases were analyzed, and similar patterns of change were found in the functional structures corresponding to the abundance and structure of the flora. The results of this study provide a theoretical reference to clarify the effect of enzymes on human intestinal flora. © 2023 Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology. All rights reserved.
Antihyperglycemic and anti-type 2 diabetic activity of marine hydroquinone isolated from brown algae (Dictyopteris polypodioides); Background and aims: Brown algae (Dictyopteris polypodioides) extract (DP) presented high inhibitory potential against α-amylase. The present study aims to isolate, purify and evaluate the antihyperglycemic and anti-type 2 diabetic activities of marine hydroquinone from DP. Methods: Marine hydroquinones were isolated using silica gel, HPLC, and NMR spectroscopy was used to identify compound 1 and compound 2 as zonarol and isozonarol, respectively. The anti-hyperglycemic and anti-type 2 diabetic activities of zonarol were investigated by in vitro assay (α-amylase, α-glucosidase), Lineweaver–Burk plot and Type 2 diabetes mellitus model (T2DM) mice induced by streptozotocin (STZ). Result: Zonarol had the highest content and the strongest inhibitory activity against α-glucosidase (IC50 value of 6.03 mg L−1) and α-amylase (IC50 value of 19.29 mg L−1) in a competitive inhibition and mix-type manner, respectively. The maltose and starch loading tests revealed that zonarol significantly reduced postprandial glycemia after 30 min loading (9.12 and 8.12 mg/dL, respectively), compared to normal (11.37 and 12.37 mg/dL, respectively). Zonarol exhibited pancreatic islet cell rejuvenation, as evidenced by increased pancreatic islet mass, and hence helps in the restoration of insulin levels and therefore improves the glucose metabolism in STZ-induced diabetic mice. Zonarol treatment in T2DM elevated abundant levels of main SCFAs (propionate, butyrate, and valeric acid), which are closely related to glucose metabolism homeostasis. Conclusion: Our finding indicates that zonarol could be used as a food supplement to treat hyperglycemia and diabetes. © 2023 Center for Food and Biomolecules, National Taiwan University
Polysaccharides from the hard shells of Juglans regia L. modulate intestinal function and gut microbiota in vivo; This study aimed to investigate the modulatory effects of polysaccharides from the hard shells of Juglans regia L. (JRP) on intestinal function and gut microbiota of mice. The results showed that JRP could increase the colonic length and colonic index, and ameliorate the histological characteristics of colon. JRP had a positive effect on immunity of mice by improving immune organ indexes. Owing to enhancement of intestinal peristalsis and increase of colonic fecal moisture by JRP, the defecation time was significantly reduced. After gastrointestinal digestion and absorption, JRP was metabolized by intestinal microorganisms to produce short chain fatty acids, thereby lowering the pH of intestine. Through microbial community analysis, the composition of gut microbiota was modulated by JRP via increasing the abundances of beneficial bacteria and decreasing the richness of harmful bacteria. This study suggests that JRP can be served as an excellent prebiotic to promote intestinal health. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Association between Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake and Eczema in Children and Adolescents; Introduction: Eczema is a common allergic skin condition among children and adolescents, and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are a kind of fatty acid which were reported to be associated with reduced risk of eczema. Previous studies explored different types of PUFAs with various age groups of children and adolescents, and the influence of confounding factors such as medicine use was not considered. In the present study, we aimed to identify the associations between PUFAs and the risk of eczema in children and adolescents. These findings of our study might help better understand the associations between PUFAs and eczema. Methods: This cross-sectional study collected the data of 2,560 children and adolescents aged 6-19 years from National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) between 2005 and 2006. Total PUFA, omega-3 (n-3), including octadecatrienoic acid/18:3, octadecatrienoic acid/18:4, eicosapentaenoic acid/20:5, docosapentaenoic acid/22:5, and docosahexaenoic acid/22:6, omega-6 (n-6), including octadecatrienoic acid/18:2 and eicosatetraenoic acid/20:4, total n-3 intake, total n-6 intake, and n-3/n-6 were main variables in this study. Univariate logistic regression was applied for identifying potential confounders for eczema. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis were conducted to explore the associations between PUFAs and eczema. Subgroup analysis was performed on subjects with different ages, and patients complicated with other allergic diseases, allergy, and medicine use or not. Results: In total, there were 252 (9.8%) subjects who had eczema. After adjusting for confounding factors including age, race, poverty to income ratio (PIR), medicine use, hay fever, sinus infection, body mass index (BMI), serum total immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody, and IgE, we observed that eicosatetraenoic acid/20:4 (OR = 0.17, 95% CI: 0.04-0.68) and total n-3 (OR = 0.88, 95% CI: 0.77-0.99) were linked with decreased risk of eczema in children and adolescents. Eicosatetraenoic acid/20:4 was correlated with decreased risk of eczema in participants without hay fever (OR = 0.82, 95% CI: 0.70-0.97) and medicine use (OR = 0.80, 95% CI: 0.68-0.94) or with allergy (OR = 0.75, 95% CI: 0.59-0.94). Total n-3 intake was associated with a reduced risk of eczema with the adjusted OR of 0.84, 95% CI: 0.72-0.98) in participants without hay fever. In those without sinus infection, octadecatrienoic acid/18:4 was linked with decreased risk of eczema (OR = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.69-0.99). Conclusion: N-3 and eicosatetraenoic acid/20:4 might be associated with the risk of eczema in children and adolescents.  © 2023 S. Karger AG, Basel. Copyright: All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be translated into other languages, reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, microcopying, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
Effect of genetic variations in drug transporters, metabolizing enzyme and regulatory genes on the development of HIV-associated lipodystrophy; Adipocytes play a crucial role in the metabolism of lipids and sugars. Their response varies depending on the circumstances or other factors influenced by physiological and metabolic stresses. People living with HIV (PLWH) experience different effects of HIV and highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) on their body fat. Some patients respond well to antiretroviral therapy (ART), while others taking similar regimens do not. The genetic makeup of patients has been strongly linked to the variable responses to HAART among PLWH. The cause of HIV-associated lipodystrophy syndrome (HALS) is not well understood, but it may be influenced by genetic variations in the host. The metabolism of lipid effectively modulates plasma triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in PLWH. Genes related to drug metabolism and transport play an important role in the transportation and metabolism of ART drugs. Genetic variation in metabolizing enzyme genes of antiretroviral drugs, lipid transport and transcription factor-related genes could interfere with fat storage and metabolism, contributing to the development of HALS. Hence we examined the impact of genes associated with transport, metabolism and various transcription factors in metabolic complications, and their impact on HALS. A study using databases such as PubMed, EMBASE and Google Scholar was conducted to understand the impact of these genes on metabolic complications and HALS. The present article discuss the changes in the expression and regulation of genes and their involvement in the lipid metabolism, lipolysis and lipogenesis pathways. Moreover, alteration of the drug transporter, metabolizing enzyme and various transcription factors can lead to HALS. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in genes that play an essential role in drug metabolism and drug and lipid transportation may also contribute to individual differences in the emergence of metabolic and morphological alterations during HAART treatment. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipid mediators controlling chronic inflammation in asthma; Asthma is a common chronic heterogeneous inflammatory respiratory disease with complex pathogenesis. Chronic lung inflammation can be the result of a defect in the resolution of the inflammatory process caused by an imbalance between the synthesis of proinflammatory and pro-resolving lipid mediators. The identification of immunomodulatory effects of eicosanoids, specialized proresolving mediators (SPMs), and endocannabinoids synthesized from polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) allows taking a fresh look at the ways of controlling inflammation rather than solely at its mechanisms. The use of ω-3 PUFA-containing food supplements in combination with standard therapy leads to improved asthma control due to the ability of ω-3 PUFAs to stimulate SPM synthesis and inhibit intracellular signaling pathways of inflammation. Lipid mediators are agonists of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) and glucocorticoid receptors (GR) that have anti-inflammatory properties. The receptors that are widely expressed in the pulmonary epithelium, endothelium, dendritic cells, eosinophils, fibroblasts, and macrophages play an important role in the regulation of immunometabolic homeostasis in the bronchopulmonary system. Our review systematizes the published data on the properties and mechanism of action of biologically active ω-3 and ω-6 PUFAs involved in the inflammatory process in asthma. Also, this article presents the prospects of using ω-3 PUFAs for the resolution of inflammation in asthma. © 2023, Russian Open Medical Journal.
The Association Between Eating Quickly and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Objectives: Maintaining an appropriate gestational weight gain (GWG) is essential for a safe pregnancy and delivery. This study aimed to determine the association between the habit of eating quickly and the risk of excessive GWG. Methods: We administered a questionnaire on eating habits to 1246 pregnant Japanese women in their second to third trimesters. We categorized the participants into three groups according to their answers to the question "Do you eat quickly?"Group 1, "always"or "usually"; Group 2, "sometimes"; and Group 3, "rarely"or "never."We assessed GWG according to the "The Optimal Weight Gain Chart"(Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, Japan), and those who exceeded the criteria were considered "excessive."Logistic regression analysis was performed with the risk of excess GWG as the dependent variable and quick food intake as the independent variable, to obtain relevant odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Model 1 was unadjusted, and Model 2 was adjusted for age, prepregnancy body mass index, energy intake, mother's educational attainment, household income, exercise habits, and childbearing experience. Results: The OR (95% CI) for Groups 2 and 3 in Model 1, compared with Group 1, was 0.80 (0.62-1.05) and 0.61 (0.43-0.88), respectively (p for trend = 0.047). In Model 2, the OR (95% CI) for Groups 2 and 3 were 0.73 (0.55-0.96) and 0.59 (0.40-0.86), respectively (p for trend = 0.003). Conclusion: These results suggest that quick food ingestion increases the risk of excessive GWG.  © Eri Abe et al., 2023; Published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2023.
Extensive identification of serum metabolites related to microbes in different gut locations and evaluating their associations with porcine fatness; Gut microbiota plays important roles in host metabolism. Whether and how much the gut microbiota in different gut locations contributes to the variations of host serum metabolites are largely unknown, because it is difficult to obtain microbial samples from different gut locations on a large population scale. Here, we quantified the gut microbial compositions using 16S rRNA gene sequencing for 1070 samples collected from the ileum, cecum and faeces of 544 F6 pigs from a mosaic pig population. Untargeted metabolome measurements determined serum metabolome profiles. We found 1671, 12,985 and 103,250 significant correlations between circulating serum metabolites and bacterial ASVs in the ileum, cecum, and faeces samples. We detected nine serum metabolites showing significant correlations with gut bacteria in more than one gut location. However, most metabolite-microbiota pairwise associations were gut location-specific. Targeted metabolome analysis revealed that CDCA, taurine, L-leucine and N-acetyl-L-alanine can be used as biomarkers to predict porcine fatness. Enriched taxa in fat pigs, for example Prevotella and Lawsonia intracellularis were positively associated with L-leucine, while enriched taxa in lean pigs, such as Clostridium butyricum, were negatively associated with L-leucine and CDCA, but positively associated with taurine and N-acetyl-L-alanine. These results suggested that the contributions of gut microbiota in each gut location to the variations of serum metabolites showed spatial heterogeneity. © 2023 The Authors. Microbial Biotechnology published by Applied Microbiology International and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Hypoglycemic Activities and Underlying Mechanisms of Two Saponins-Rich Components from Fried Ziziphus jujuba Mill. Kernel; Scope: Dried Ziziphus jujuba Mill. kernel is a potential natural source of nutraceutical and therapeutic agents in China. Recent researches have shown that the saponins of dried Z. jujuba Mill. kernel (SZJs: SZJ-1 and SZJ-2) have various biological effects. However, the hypoglycemic activities and underlying mechanisms of SZJs remain obscure. Method and results: In the current study, two saponins SZJ-1 and SZJ-2 mainly composed of betulinic acid, spinosin, jujuboside A, and jujuboside B are extracted and is olated from dried Z. jujuba Mill. kernel. The SZJ-1 and SZJ-2 could significantly inhibit the activities of digestion enzymes α-glucosidase and α-amylases. The hypoglycemic ability of SZJ-1 and SZJ-2 is further investigated and the results show that SZJ-1 and SZJ-2 can improve the hyperglycemic by increasing the glucose consumption, improving the superoxide dismutase (SOD), hexokinase (HK), pyruvate kinase (PK) activities, and decrease the MDA content of insulin resistant HepG2 cells. Furthermore, SZJ-1 and SZJ-2 can activate the phosphorated adenosine 5′-monophosphate (AMP)-activated protein kinase α (p-AMPK), phosphoinositide 3-kinase p110α (PI3K-p110α), and phosphorated glycogen synthase kinase-3β (Ser9) (p-GSK3β). Conclusion: These results indicating that the SZJ-1 and SZJ-2 might improve the insulin resistant symptoms by improving the energy metabolic level and increasing the glycogen synthase activity of HepG2 cells. © 2023 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Multi-omics Analysis Reveals the Crucial Mediators of DJB in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes; Purpose: Duodenal-jejunal bypass (DJB) has a definite hypoglycemic effect; however, the intrinsic mechanisms remain unclear. The purpose of this study was to determine whether DJB may cause changes in the gut microbiota and metabolite of portal venous blood and to explore the effects of DJB on blood glucose metabolism. Methods: T2DM was induced in rats with a high-fat diet and a low dose of streptozotocin, which were randomly divided into two groups: Sham operation and DJB. Results: DJB significantly improved several diabetic parameters. 16S rRNA analyses showed that the compositions of the gut microbiota were significantly different between the two groups. The results of metabolomics showed that DJB could significantly regulate the metabolites, among which diaminopimelic acid and isovaleric acid had a significant down-regulation in the DJB group. Transcriptomic analysis showed that DJB can regulate the expression of hepatic genes related to abnormal glucose metabolism, such as Ltc4s, Alox15, Ggt1, Gpat3, and Cyp2c24. Correlation analyses showed that diaminopimelic acid was positively associated with Allobaculum, Serratia, and Turicibacter. There was a significant correlation between diaminopimelic acid and Gpat3, and its Spearman correlation coefficient was the highest among metabolite-DEG pairs (ρ=0.97). Discussions: These results suggest an important cue of the relation between the diaminopimelic acid, Gpat3, and gut microbiome in the mechanism by which DJB can improve glucose metabolism. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Nutritional Aspects of Iron in Health and Disease; Dietary iron assimilation is critical for health and essential to prevent iron-deficient states and related comorbidities, such as anemia. The bioavailability of iron is generally low, while its absorption and metabolism are tightly controlled to satisfy metabolic needs and prevent toxicity of excessive iron accumulation. Iron entry into the bloodstream is limited by hepcidin, the iron regulatory hormone. Hepcidin deficiency due to loss-of-function mutations in upstream gene regulators causes hereditary hemochromatosis, an endocrine disorder of iron overload characterized by chronic hyperabsorption of dietary iron, with deleterious clinical complications if untreated. The impact of high dietary iron intake and elevated body iron stores in the general population is not well understood. Herein, we summarize epidemiological data suggesting that a high intake of heme iron, which is abundant in meat products, poses a risk factor for metabolic syndrome pathologies, cardiovascular diseases, and some cancers. We discuss the clinical relevance and potential limitations of data from cohort studies, as well as the need to establish causality and elucidate molecular mechanisms. © 2023 by the authors.
Role of adipocyte-derived extracellular vesicles during the progression of liver inflammation to hepatocellular carcinoma; Extracellular vesicles are membrane-bound cargos that vary in size and are stably transported through various bodily fluids. Extracellular vesicles communicate information between the cells and organs. Extracellular vesicles from the diseased cells alter cellular responses of the recipient cells contributing to disease progression. In obesity, adipocytes become hypertrophic and the extracellular vesicles from these dysfunctional adipocytes showed altered cargo contents instigating pathophysiological response leading to chronic liver diseases. In this review, the role of adipocyte-derived extracellular vesicles on the progression of liver inflammation, fibrosis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma are extensively discussed. Newer approaches are crucial to take advantage of extracellular vesicles and their content as biomarkers to diagnose initial liver inflammation before reaching to an irreversible liver failure stage. © 2023 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effect of ginger (Zingiber officinale) intake on human serum lipid profile: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Dyslipidemia is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events. Effect of ginger supplementation on lipid profile in humans remains controversial particularly in diabetic patients. A systematic search was performed covering PubMed, Medline, and Scopus, Web of Science (ISI), and Google scholar from January 2010 to January 2022. Inclusion criteria were randomized controlled clinical trials (RCT) study design, at least one of lipid profile components triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) measured before and after ginger consumption. For quantitative data synthesis, a random-effects model was applied. Pooled data showed that ginger intake reduced TC (SMD −0.44; 95% CI: −0.86, −0.02; p = 0.025) and TG (SMD -0.61; 95% CI: −1.14, −0.08; p = 0.024) levels significantly, but it has no significant effect on improving HDL-C (SMD 0.40; 95% CI: −0.01, 0.80; p = 0.057) and LDL-C (SMD −0.34; 95% CI: −0.81, 0.13; p = 0.153). Ginger supplementation decreased TG in obese and diabetic subjects more efficiently. In terms of ginger dose, the result of meta-regression found to be significant only for TC, so that increasing daily doses of ginger reduces TC levels by (β: −0.67; 95% CI: −1.28, −0.07; p = 0.028). Therefore, ginger could be considered as an effective lipid lowering nutraceuticals. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance is a critical pathophysiological process in the onset and advancement of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It is well-recognized that alterations in the metabolism of lipids and aberrant fat buildup effectively trigger the development of resistance to insulin. Adjusting one’s eating habits and managing weight appropriately are crucial for treating, controlling, and reducing the risk of T2DM because obesity and a lack of physical exercise are the primary factors responsible for the worldwide rise in T2DM. Omega-3 fatty acid is one of the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) that include long-chain omega-3 fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, commonly found in fish oils. Omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; 3 and 6 PUFAs) are essential for human health because they serve as metabolic precursors of eicosanoids, a class of signaling molecules that are essential for controlling a body’s inflammation. Since humans are unable to produce any of the omega-3 or omega-6 PUFAs, they both constitute imperative nutritional ingredients. Long-standing concerns about long-chain omega-3 fatty acids’ impact on diabetes management have been supported by experimental investigations that found significant increases in fasting glucose following omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and foods rich in PUFA and omega-3 fatty acid. Cellular explanations to explain the connection between inflammation and IR include mitochondrial dysfunction, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, and oxidative stress. Modifications in the lipid composition of mitochondrial membranes and/or receptor-mediated signaling may be part of the mechanism behind the activation of mitochondrial fusion by fish oil/omega-3 PUFA. The exact molecular processes by which omega-3 PUFAs control mitochondrial activity to defend against IR are still unknown. © 2023 by the authors.
The Role of Adipokines in Health and Disease; Adipokines are cell-signaling proteins secreted by adipose tissue that has been related to a low-grade state of inflammation and different pathologies. The present review aims to analyze the role of adipokines in health and disease in order to understand the important functions and effects of these cytokines. For this aim, the present review delves into the type of adipocytes and the cytokines produced, as well as their functions; the relations of adipokines in inflammation and different diseases such as cardiovascular, atherosclerosis, mental diseases, metabolic disorders, cancer, and eating behaviors; and finally, the role of microbiota, nutrition, and physical activity in adipokines is discussed. This information would allow for a better understanding of these important cytokines and their effects on body organisms. © 2023 by the authors.
The effects of purslane consumption on glycemic control and oxidative stress: A systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis; Purslane (Portulaca oleracea L.) is a herbal remedy with wide range of pharmaceutic properties. Although the beneficial effect of purslane on the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) has been shown, there is an inconsistency among the results of previous studies. Therefore, this study is aimed at conducting a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effect of purslane on glycemic profile and oxidative stress markers. A systematic search was performed in the Scopus, Web of science, PubMed and the Cochrane Library to find articles related to the effect of the purslane on Malondialdehyde (MDA) and Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC), Fasting Blood Sugar (FBS), Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), insulin resistance, Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) up to September 2022. Among the 611 initial studies that were identified from searching electronic databases, 16 Randomized Clinical Trials (RCTs) involving 1122 participants (557 cases and 565 controls) were included for data analysis. The results of random-effects modeling demonstrated that purslane consumption significantly reduced FBS (p <.001), MDA (p <.001) and increased TAC (p <.001). However, purslane consumption did not affect HbA1c (p <.109), fasting insulin (p =.298) and HOMA-IR (p =.382). Meta-analyses were performed using both the random- and fixed-effects model where appropriate, and I2 index was used to evaluate the heterogeneity. This meta-analysis study suggests that purslane has beneficial effects on oxidative stress markers and glycemic parameter. Therefore, it may be a promising adjuvant therapy in T2DM because of its benefits and negligible adverse effects. © 2023 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Molecular Mechanisms for the Vicious Cycle between Insulin Resistance and the Inflammatory Response in Obesity; The comprehensive anabolic effects of insulin throughout the body, in addition to the control of glycemia, include ensuring lipid homeostasis and anti-inflammatory modulation, especially in adipose tissue (AT). The prevalence of obesity, defined as a body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2, has been increasing worldwide on a pandemic scale with accompanying syndemic health problems, including glucose intolerance, insulin resistance (IR), and diabetes. Impaired tissue sensitivity to insulin or IR paradoxically leads to diseases with an inflammatory component despite hyperinsulinemia. Therefore, an excess of visceral AT in obesity initiates chronic low-grade inflammatory conditions that interfere with insulin signaling via insulin receptors (INSRs). Moreover, in response to IR, hyperglycemia itself stimulates a primarily defensive inflammatory response associated with the subsequent release of numerous inflammatory cytokines and a real threat of organ function deterioration. In this review, all components of this vicious cycle are characterized with particular emphasis on the interplay between insulin signaling and both the innate and adaptive immune responses related to obesity. Increased visceral AT accumulation in obesity should be considered the main environmental factor responsible for the disruption in the epigenetic regulatory mechanisms in the immune system, resulting in autoimmunity and inflammation. © 2023 by the author.
Probio-X Relieves Symptoms of Hyperlipidemia by Regulating Patients’ Gut Microbiome, Blood Lipid Metabolism, and Lifestyle Habits; Hyperlipidemia is a key risk factor for cardiovascular disease, and it is associated with lipid metabolic disorders and gut microbiota dysbiosis. Here, we aimed to investigate the beneficial effects of 3-month intake of a mixed probiotic formulation in hyperlipidemic patients (n = 27 and 29 in placebo and probiotic groups, respectively). The blood lipid indexes, lipid metabolome, and fecal microbiome before and after the intervention were monitored. Our results showed that probiotic intervention could significantly decrease the serum levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P, 0.05), while increasing the levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P, 0.05) in patients with hyperlipidemia. Probiotic recipients showing improved blood lipid profile also exhibited significant differences in their lifestyle habits after the 3-month intervention, with an increase in daily intake of vegetable and dairy products, as well as weekly exercise time (P, 0.05). Moreover, two blood lipid metabolites (namely, acetyl-carnitine and free carnitine) significantly increased after probiotic supplementation cholesterol (P, 0.05). In addition, probiotic-driven mitigation of hyperlipidemic symptoms were accompanied by increases in beneficial bacteria like Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum in patients’ fecal microbiota. These results supported that mixed probiotic application could regulate host gut microbiota balance, lipid metabolism, and lifestyle habits, through which hyperlipidemic symptoms could be alleviated. The findings of this study urge further research and development of probiotics into nutraceuticals for managing hyperlipidemia. IMPORTANCE The human gut microbiota have a potential effect on the lipid metabolism and are closely related to the disease hyperlipidemia. Our trial has demonstrated that 3-month intake of a mixed probiotic formulation alleviates hyperlipidemic symptoms, possibly by modulation of gut microbes and host lipid metabolism. The findings of the present study provide new insights into the treatment of hyperlipidemia, mechanisms of novel therapeutic strategies, and application of probiotics-based therapy. Copyright © 2023 Wang et al.
Role of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists in Achieving Weight Loss and Improving Cardiovascular Outcomes in People With Overweight and Obesity; Obesity remains a major public health problem, affecting almost half of adults in the United States. Increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and CVD mortality are major obesity-related complications, and management guidelines now recommend weight loss as a key strategy for the primary prevention of CVD in patients with overweight or obesity. The recently demonstrated efficacy of some pharmacologic therapies for chronic weight management may encourage health care professionals to recognize obesity as a treatable serious chronic disease and motivate patients to re-engage with weight loss when previous attempts have been ineffective or unsustainable. This review article summarizes the benefits and challenges associated with lifestyle changes, bariatric surgery, and historical pharmacologic interventions in the treatment of obesity, and focuses on the current evidence for the efficacy and safety of the newer glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist medications in the management of obesity and potential reduction of CVD risk. We conclude that the available evidence demonstrates glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists should be strongly considered in clinical practice for the treatment of obesity and reduction of CVD risk in people with type 2 diabetes. If ongoing research proves glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists to be effective in reducing the risk of CVD onset in patients with obesity, irrespective of type 2 diabetes status, it will herald a new treatment paradigm in this setting, and now is the time for health care professionals to better recognize the benefits of these agents. © 2023 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley.
The development and benefits of metformin in various diseases; Metformin has been used for the treatment of type II diabetes mellitus for decades due to its safety, low cost, and outstanding hypoglycemic effect clinically. The mechanisms underlying these benefits are complex and still not fully understood. Inhibition of mitochondrial respiratory-chain complex I is the most described downstream mechanism of metformin, leading to reduced ATP production and activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK). Meanwhile, many novel targets of metformin have been gradually discovered. In recent years, multiple pre-clinical and clinical studies are committed to extend the indications of metformin in addition to diabetes. Herein, we summarized the benefits of metformin in four types of diseases, including metabolic associated diseases, cancer, aging and age-related diseases, neurological disorders. We comprehensively discussed the pharmacokinetic properties and the mechanisms of action, treatment strategies, the clinical application, the potential risk of metformin in various diseases. This review provides a brief summary of the benefits and concerns of metformin, aiming to interest scientists to consider and explore the common and specific mechanisms and guiding for the further research. Although there have been countless studies of metformin, longitudinal research in each field is still much warranted. © 2023, Higher Education Press.
Fermented Pineapple Juice Consumption Limits Metabolic Disorders Associated to Sugary Drinks on High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice; Scope: Lactic acid fermentation (LAF) modulates the composition of food, leading to changes in safety, sensory, and nutritional properties. The effects of lactic fermented pineapple juice (FJ) supplementation on energetic metabolism of high-fat diet (HFD) fed mice are compared with either water (control), sweetened water (SW), bacteria in SW, and pineapple juice (J) supplementation. Methods and results: Drink consumption and body weight are measured during the 6 weeks of experiment, whereas glycemia and lipid content are determined at the beginning and at the end of the experiment. Total energy intake is similar between all groups though the volume of juice consumed is lower than that of SWs. Weight gain is higher for mice provided with sugary drinks (5.65 ± 1.32 to 7.74 ± 2.98 g) compared to water (4.68 ± 0.93 g). The FJ is less detrimental to blood carbohydrate regulation than other sugary drinks. Triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol content are not modified following fermented juice or water consumption, contrarily to other sugary drinks. Whatever the drink, intestinal permeability is preserved. Lactic acid bacterium (LAB) population in feces is not affected by the beverage but species composition is modified. Conclusion: From a health perspective, FJ is preferable to other sugary drinks to limit metabolic disorders related to HFD. © 2023 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Sirtuins at the Crossroads between Mitochondrial Quality Control and Neurodegenerative Diseases: Structure, Regulation, Modifications, and Modulators; Sirtuins (SIRT1-SIRT7), a family of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+)-dependent enzymes, are key regulators of life span and metabolism. In addition to acting as deacetylates, some sirtuins have the properties of deacylase, decrotonylase, adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribosyltransferase, lipoamidase, desuccinylase, demalonylase, deglutarylase, and demyristolyase. Mitochondrial dysfunction occurs early on and acts causally in the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease (AD), Parkinson’s disease (PD), and Huntington’s disease (HD). Sirtuins are implicated in the regulation of mitochondrial quality control, which is highly associated with the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative diseases. There is growing evidence indicating that sirtuins are promising and well-documented molecular targets for the treatment of mitochondrial dysfunction and neurodegenerative disorders by regulating mitochondrial quality control, including mitochondrial biogenesis, mitophagy, mitochondrial fission/fusion dynamics, and mitochondrial unfolded protein responses (mtUPR). Therefore, elucidation of the molecular etiology of sirtuin-mediated mitochondrial quality control points to new prospects for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases. However, the mechanisms underlying sirtuin-mediated mitochondrial quality control remain obscure. In this review, we update and summarize the current understanding of the structure, function, and regulation of sirtuins with an emphasis on the cumulative and putative effects of sirtuins on mitochondrial biology and neurodegenerative diseases, particularly their roles in mitochondrial quality control. In addition, we outline the potential therapeutic applications for neurodegenerative diseases of targeting sirtuin-mediated mitochondrial quality control through exercise training, calorie restriction, and sirtuin modulators in neurodegenerative diseases. © 2022 Xu H. et al.
The Combined Effect of Empowerment and Wealth on the Women's Nutritional Status in Egypt; Three-quarters or more of Egyptian women suffer from obesity or overweight, a matter that reflects their poor nutritional status. This study aimed to answer a specific question: Are there any significant differences in the body mass index degrees between the categories of the variable that classifies women according to both wealth and empowerment together? If any, are the different levels of women's empowerment affected by their wealth status and vice versa, regarding Egyptian women in their childbearing years? Using cluster analysis, the women were classified into six groups. To determine whether there were differences in BMI scores among the groups resulting from the classification, the Kruskal-Wallis test was used. Points of difference were identified by multiple comparisons. The results showed strong significant differences in BMI scores among the six groups resulting from the classification. The nutritional status of the woman with a certain level of empowerment was not affected by whether she belonged to a poor family or not. Moreover, the same status of the woman who belongs to a non-poor family was not affected by her empowerment level, while that of the woman who belongs to a poor family was affected by it. This study strongly demonstrates that high levels of empowerment for women who belong to poor families ensure that their nutritional status is not affected by their household wealth status. Therefore, empowering women in the family and combining it with awareness of the proper nutritional path is the key to advancing women's nutritional status in Egypt, where nearly half of the population suffers from poverty. © 2023 NSP Natural Sciences Publishing Cor.
Bioactive compounds from Polygonatum genus as anti-diabetic agents with future perspectives; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the most serious health problems worldwide. Species in the genus Polygonatum are traditional food and medicinal plants, which play an important role in controlling blood glucose. In this reveiw, we systematically summarized the traditional and modern applications of the genus Polygonatum in DM, focused on the material bases of polysaccharides, flavonoids and saponins. We highlighted their mechanisms of action in preventing obese diabetes, improving insulin resistance, promoting insulin secretion, regulating intestinal microecology, inhibiting advanced glycation end products (AGEs) accumulation, suppressing carbohydrate digestion and obsorption and modulating gluconeogenesis. Based on the safety and efficacy of this ‘medicinal food’ and its utility in the prevention and treatment of diabetes, we proposed a research and development program that includs diet design (supplementary food), medical nutrition therapy and new drugs, which could provide new pathways for the use of natural plants in prevention and treatment of DM. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Point-of-care applicable metabotyping using biofluidspecific electrospun MetaSAMPs directly amenable to ambient LA-REIMS; In recent years, ambient ionization mass spectrometry (AIMS) including laser ablation rapid evaporation IMS, has enabled direct biofluid metabolome analysis. AIMS procedures are, however, still hampered by both analytical, i.e., matrix effects, and practical, i.e., sample transport stability, drawbacks that impede metabolome coverage. In this study, we aimed at developing biofluid-specific metabolome sampling membranes (MetaSAMPs) that offer a directly applicable and stabilizing substrate for AIMS. Customized rectal, salivary, and urinary Meta- SAMPs consisting of electrospun (nano)fibrous membranes of blended hydrophilic (polyvinylpyrrolidone and polyacrylonitrile) and lipophilic (polystyrene) polymers supported metabolite absorption, adsorption, and desorption. Moreover, MetaSAMP demonstrated superior metabolome coverage and transport stability compared to crude biofluid analysis and was successfully validated in two pediatric cohorts (MetaBEAse, n = 234 and OPERA, n = 101). By integrating anthropometric and (patho)physiological with MetaSAMP-AIMS metabolome data, we obtained substantial weight-driven predictions and clinical correlations. In conclusion, MetaSAMP holds great clinical application potential for on-the-spot metabolic health stratification. © 2023 The Authors.
Low-dose spironolactone attenuates metabolic defects in the skeletal muscle of letrozole-induced hyperandrogenic female rats; Purpose: Hyperandrogenism is characterized by high levels of testosterone, which has been reported to cause insulin resistance and other metabolic adversities. Spironolactone (SPL) is a mineralocorticoid receptor blocker with anti-inflammatory effects. However, it is unknown whether SPL would restore skeletal muscle defect against letrozole-induced hyperandrogenism. Therefore, the present study investigated the hypothesis that low-dose SPL would attenuate skeletal muscle defect in hyperandrogenic female rats. Methods: Eight-week-old female Wistar rats were divided into three groups, namely, control, letrozole (LET)-treated, and LET + SPL-treated groups. The control received vehicle, LET-treated group received 1 mg/kg of LET, and LET + SPL-treated group received a combination of LET and SPL (0.25 mg/kg). The administrations were done by oral gavage for 21 days uninterruptedly. Biochemical analyses were determined with appropriate assay methods. Results: The results of this experiment showed that letrozole increased plasma testosterone and leptin and caused insulin resistance and increased triglyceride, total cholesterol, free fatty acids, pro-inflammatory markers (TNF-α and NF-κB), lipid peroxidation markers (MDA), and apoptosis in the skeletal muscle. Nevertheless, administration of low-dose SPL attenuated these alterations in skeletal muscles. Conclusion: The present study demonstrates that letrozole-induced hyperandrogenism causes metabolic-driven apoptosis in the skeletal muscles. Hence, low-dose SPL mitigates metabolic defect and apoptosis in the skeletal muscles of hyperandrogenic female rats. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Marketability level of potato in Armenia: Potato functional properties; Background: Functional food is becoming more and more important for professionals and also for consumers. On the other hand, it is known that the main factors affecting the sale of agricultural products are the general market dynamics, legislation, product range, seasonal sales dynamics, competitors, pricing, buyers and distribution channels. What’s also important is the profile of the company's personnel and the work of personnel in the market, advertising related to the quality of the product, which in recent times is especially based on the "natural" origin and functional value of the product․ Objective: The aim of the current study is to quantify the factors influencing the level of potato marketability through econometric analysis in Armenia. One of the objectives was also to observe whether the population appreciates the functional value of potatoes, which may affect future marketability and yield of potatoes. Methods: Quantitative assessment of the factors influencing the level of potato marketability was carried out with a number of indicators: the yield of the sowing area, the gross harvest and the volume of export and import. Observations were carried out during 10 years (2009 - 2018). A seven-item questionnaire was developed to explore consumer preferences for purchasing potatoes. Results: The level of marketability of potatoes had an increasing trend with the certain fluctuations (years: 2010, 2014, 2016 and 2018). The data on the correlation coefficients on the factors influencing the level of potato marketability indicated that the relationship between the marketability level and potato planting area is inverse to the average level (ryx1 = - 0.615). The correlation between the level of commerciality and yield is direct in the lower middle range (ryx2 = 0.461). The latter shows that increasing the level of yield contributes to the level of marketability. The effects of gross harvest, export and import volumes have a negative impact on the level of commoditization, but the relationship is extremely weak with ryx3 = - 0.214 and ryx4 = - 0.0532 and ryx5 = - 0.105. Interview studies show that factors affecting potato marketability and productivity are subject to change. Conclusion: The increase in metabolic/non-communicable diseases, increased consumer awareness of these diseases and their prevention, as well as developments in organic agriculture and functional food production require changes in economic research and calculations, also related to functional foods. © FFC 2023.
Iron, glucose and fat metabolism and obesity: an intertwined relationship; A bidirectional relationship exists between adipose tissue metabolism and iron regulation. Total body fat, fat distribution and exercise influence iron status and components of the iron-regulatory pathway, including hepcidin and erythroferrone. Conversely, whole body and tissue iron stores associate with fat mass and distribution and glucose and lipid metabolism in adipose tissue, liver, and muscle. Manipulation of the iron-regulatory proteins erythroferrone and erythropoietin affects glucose and lipid metabolism. Several lines of evidence suggest that iron accumulation and metabolism may play a role in the development of metabolic diseases including obesity, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidaemia and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In this review we summarise the current understanding of the relationship between iron homoeostasis and metabolic disease. © 2023, The Author(s).
Investigating fatty liver disease-associated adverse outcome pathways of perfluorooctane sulfonate using a systems toxicology approach; Adverse outcome pathway (AOP) frameworks help elucidate toxic mechanisms and support chemical regulation. AOPs link a molecular initiating event (MIE), key events (KEs), and an adverse outcome by key event relationships (KERs), which assess the biological plausibility, essentiality, and empirical evidence involved. Perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), a hazardous poly-fluoroalkyl substance, demonstrates hepatotoxicity in rodents. PFOS may induce fatty liver disease (FLD) in humans; however, the underlying mechanism remains unclear. In this study, we evaluated the toxic mechanisms of PFOS-associated FLD by developing an AOP using publicly available data. We identified MIE and KEs by performing GO enrichment analysis on PFOS- and FLD-associated target genes collected from public databases. The MIEs and KEs were then prioritized by PFOS–gene–phenotype–FLD networks, AOP-helpFinder, and KEGG pathway analyses. Following a comprehensive literature review, an AOP was then developed. Finally, six KEs for the AOP of FLD were identified. This AOP indicated that toxicological processes initiated by SIRT1 inhibition led to SREBP-1c activation, de novo fatty acid synthesis, and fatty acid and triglyceride accumulation, culminating in liver steatosis. Our study provides insights into the toxic mechanism of PFOS-induced FLD and suggests approaches to assessing the risk of toxic chemicals. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Activation of Nrf2 pathway as a protective mechanism against oxidative stress-induced diseases: Potential of astaxanthin; Astaxanthin, a red-orange liposoluble carotenoid, has been the centre of considerable attention in recent years for its numerous biological activities, notably its potent antioxidant activity. It is reported that astaxanthin elicits these biological activities via a number of cellular pathways. The Nrf2/Keap1 pathway is a major regulator of the antioxidant defence system of cells; it modulates the expression of a plethora of genes related to redox homeostasis as well as cellular detoxification. The pathway has received lots of attention as a prospective therapeutic target for diseases related to oxidative stress and inflammation. Several reports have shown that the pathway is inducible by many natural compounds. This present work reviews the Nrf2/Keap1 pathway, its regulation and involvement in diseases, provides a brief overview of naturally occurring compounds as activators of the pathway as well as discusses the effect of astaxanthin on the pathway. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Lactobacillus plantarum HF02 alleviates lipid accumulation and intestinal microbiota dysbiosis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice; BACKGROUND: Obesity is closely associated with lipid accumulation and intestinal microbiota dysbiosis. It has been proved that probiotics supplement contributes to alleviate obesity. The objective of this study was to investigate the mechanism by which Lactobacillus plantarum HF02 (LP-HF02) alleviated lipid accumulation and intestinal microbiota dysbiosis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice. RESULTS: Our results showed that LP-HF02 ameliorated body weight, dyslipidemia, liver lipid accumulation, and liver injury in obese mice. As expected, LP-HF02 inhibited pancreatic lipase activity in small intestinal contents and increased fecal triglyceride levels, thereby reducing dietary fat hydrolysis and absorption. Moreover, LP-HF02 ameliorated the intestinal microbiota composition, as evidenced by the enhanced ratio of Bacteroides to Firmicutes, the decreased abundance of pathogenic bacteria (including Bacteroides, Alistipes, Blautia, and Colidextribacter) and the increased abundance of beneficial bacteria (including Muribaculaceae, Akkermansia, Faecalibaculum, and Rikenellaceae_RC9_gut_group). LP-HF02 also increased fecal short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) levels and colonic mucosal thickness, and subsequently decreased serum lipopolysaccharide (LPS), interleukin-1β (IL-1β), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) levels in obese mice. Additionally, reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and Western blot results demonstrated that LP-HF02 ameliorated hepatic lipid accumulation via activating the adenosine monophosphate (AMP)-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway. CONCLUSION: Therefore, our results indicated that LP-HF02 could be considered as a probiotic preparation for preventing obesity. © 2023 Society of Chemical Industry. © 2023 Society of Chemical Industry.
Epigenetic Histone Methylation of PPARγ and CPT1A Signaling Contributes to Betahistine Preventing Olanzapine-Induced Dyslipidemia; As a partial histamine H1 receptor agonist and H3 antagonist, betahistine has been reported to partially prevent olanzapine-induced dyslipidemia and obesity through a combination therapy, although the underlying epigenetic mechanisms are still not known. Recent studies have revealed that histone regulation of key genes for lipogenesis and adipogenesis in the liver is one of the crucial mechanisms for olanzapine-induced metabolic disorders. This study investigated the role of epigenetic histone regulation in betahistine co-treatment preventing dyslipidemia and fatty liver caused by chronic olanzapine treatment in a rat model. In addition to abnormal lipid metabolism, the upregulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) and CCAAT/enhancer binding protein (C/EBPα), as well as the downregulation of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A (CPT1A) in the liver induced by olanzapine, were significantly attenuated by betahistine co-treatment. In addition, betahistine co-treatment significantly enhanced the global expression of H3K4me and the enrichment of H3K4me binding on the promoter of Cpt1a gene as revealed by ChIP-qPCR, but inhibited the expression of one of its site-specific demethylases, lysine (K)-specific demethylase 1A (KDM1A). Betahistine co-treatment also significantly enhanced the global expression of H3K9me and the enrichment of H3K9me binding on the promoter of the Pparg gene, but inhibited the expression of two of its site-specific demethylases, lysine demethylase 4B (KDM4B) and PHD finger protein 2 (PHF2). These results suggest that betahistine attenuates abnormal adipogenesis and lipogenesis triggered by olanzapine through modulating hepatic histone methylation, and thus inhibiting the PPARγ pathway-mediated lipid storage, while at the same time promoting CP1A-mediated fatty acid oxidation. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of Two Isocalorie Diets with Different Amounts of Fat during Pregnancy and Lactation of C57BL/6 Mice on Gene and Protein Level of Sirtuin 1 in the Liver Tissue of Adult Offspring; Background: Animal studies have shown maternal low/ high-calorie diet during pregnancy can alter metabolism of offspring through change in Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) expression, as a metabolic sensor. However, there is no study on the effects of isocalorie diet. Herein, effects of two isocalorie diets with different amounts of fat were assessed on SIRT1 gene and protein level in the liver of male and female offspring. Methods: The control group received AIN93G diet. In this diet, 16% and 64% of total calorie were prepared from fat and carbohydrate, respectively. The intervention group received high fat AIN93G diet contained 48% and 32% of calorie from fat and carbohydrate, respectively. In both diets, fat was prepared from soy oil. Diets were isocaloric and 20% of total calorie was provided from protein. Mothers categorized to one of these diets and offspring received the control diet after weaning (3 weeks after the birth). Results: SIRT1 gene and protein levels were lower in male and female offspring born from mothers received high-fat diet than the controls (p<0.001). Conclusion: Change in maternal dietary fat, without increase in calorie, effects on gene and protein levels of SIRT-1 in the liver of next generation. © 2023 Iranian Journal of Diabetes and Metabolism and Tehran University of Medical Sciences. Published by Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Role of natural mTOR inhibitors in treatment of diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is one of the most common and complex problems in today's society and is responsible for many socio-economic problems. Type 1 diabetes is due to a defect in insulin secretion caused by a destruction of pancreatic β cells. In contrast, the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes is associated with the development of insulin resistance in the liver and peripheral tissues, a decrease in β-cell mass, and a defect in insulin secretion. Various factors such as inflammation, stress, obesity, and lifestyle are involved in diabetes. Long-term or chronic increase in glucose in these patients is the leading causes of secondary disorders such as micro- and macro-angiopathy, weakness of the antioxidant defense system, and metabolic disorders and altered lipid profile. The above conditions lead to short-term and long-term complications. These complications cause damage to the physical and physiological function of diverse organs of the body and threaten human health. Late complications of diabetes, including nephropathy, retinopathy, cardiovascular complications, neuropathy, hypertension, and weight gain, are common, and more research has been done on them. Numerous drugs such as meglitinides, biguanides, and thiazolidinedione have been proposed to reduce high blood sugar, but due to the lack of complete cure of this disease with the use of existing drugs, the tendency to use alternative and traditional therapies has increased. In the meantime, the role of herbs with hypoglycemic properties in the treatment of diabetic patients cannot be ignored. The consumption of herbs by people with diabetes has become widespread even in Western countries. The use of herbs could be considered when conventional therapies cannot control the disease, and the patient needs to be prescribed insulin. The mammalian target of rapamycin, mTOR, plays a significant role in regulating cell growth, cellular metabolic status in response to nutrients, many extracellular cues, and growth factors. Impaired insulin secretion can lead to altered mTOR signaling. The mTOR pathway has shown different behaviors depending on the situation. It has been shown that mTOR can regulate the adaptation of β cells to blood sugar, and chronic inhibition of the mTOR pathway can also induce diabetes. Here, we have reviewed recent findings on the role of mTOR in major metabolic organs, such as the liver, pancreas, brain, and adipose tissue and muscle, and discussed its potential as a diabetes-related drug target. © 2022 Société Française de Pharmacologie et de Thérapeutique.
Roles of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) in the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) encompasses a spectrum of disease phenotypes which start with simple steatosis and lipid accumulation in the hepatocytes - a typical histological lesions characteristic. It may progress to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) that is characterized by hepatic inflammation and/or fibrosis and subsequent onset of NAFLD-related cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Due to the central role of the liver in metabolism, NAFLD is regarded as a result of and contribution to the metabolic abnormalities seen in the metabolic syndrome. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) has three subtypes, which govern the expression of genes responsible for energy metabolism, cellular development, inflammation, and differentiation. The agonists of PPARα, such as fenofibrate and clofibrate, have been used as lipid-lowering drugs in clinical practice. Thiazolidinediones (TZDs) - ligands of PPARγ, such as rosiglitazone and pioglitazone, are also used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D) with insulin resistance (IR). Increasing evidence suggests that PPARβ/δ agonists have potential therapeutic effects in improving insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism disorders. In addition, PPARs ligands have been considered as potential therapeutic drugs for hypertension, atherosclerosis (AS) or diabetic nephropathy. Their crucial biological roles dictate the significance of PPARs-targeting in medical research and drug discovery. Here, it reviews the biological activities, ligand selectivity and biological functions of the PPARs family, and discusses the relationship between PPARs and the pathogenesis of NAFLD and metabolic syndrome. This will open new possibilities for PPARs application in medicine, and provide a new idea for the treatment of fatty liver and related diseases. © 2023
Polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, pesticides, and diabetes in the Anniston Community Health Survey follow-up (ACHS II): single exposure and mixture analysis approaches; Dioxins and dioxin-like compounds measurements were added to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine pesticides to expand the exposure profile in a follow-up to the Anniston Community Health Survey (ACHS II, 2014) and to study diabetes associations. Participants of ACHS I (2005–2007) still living within the study area were eligible to participate in ACHS II. Diabetes status (type-2) was determined by a doctor's diagnosis, fasting glucose ≥125 mg/dL, or being on any glycemic control medication. Incident diabetes cases were identified in ACHS II among those who did not have diabetes in ACHS I, using the same criteria. Thirty-five ortho-substituted PCBs, 6 pesticides, 7 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD), 10 furans (PCDF), and 3 non-ortho PCBs were measured in 338 ACHS II participants. Dioxin toxic equivalents (TEQs) were calculated for all dioxin-like compounds. Main analyses used logistic regression models to calculate odds ratios (OR) and 95 % confidence intervals (CI). In models adjusted for age, race, sex, BMI, total lipids, family history of diabetes, and taking lipid lowering medication, the highest ORs for diabetes were observed for PCDD TEQ: 3.61 (95 % CI: 1.04, 12.46), dichloro-diphenyl dichloroethylene (p,p’-DDE): 2.07 (95 % CI 1.08, 3.97), and trans-Nonachlor: 2.55 (95 % CI 0.93, 7.02). The OR for sum 35 PCBs was 1.22 (95 % CI: 0.58–2.57). To complement the main analyses, we used BKMR and g-computation models to evaluate 12 mixture components including 4 TEQs, 2 PCB subsets and 6 pesticides; suggestive positive associations for the joint effect of the mixture analyses resulted in ORs of 1.40 (95% CI: -1.13, 3.93) for BKMR and 1.32 (95% CI: -1.12, 3.76) for g-computation. The mixture analyses provide further support to previously observed associations of trans-Nonachlor, p,p’- DDE, PCDD TEQ and some PCB groups with diabetes. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Adiponectin-leptin ratio as a marker of cardio-metabolic risk in Indian children and youth with type 1 diabetes; Objectives: Adiponectin/leptin ratio (ALR) is a promising novel marker of cardio-metabolic risk in patients with metabolic syndrome. Our aim was to study the association of adiponectin-leptin ratio with markers of obesity and adiposity and also to assess its usefulness as a marker of increased cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in Indian children and youth with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Methods: This observational study included 79 children and youth with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) (10-21 years) having disease duration>6 months. Demographic data and laboratory findings were obtained from patients' records. Patients with ALR<1 were categorised as having increased CMR and those with ALR>1 were categorised as having no CMR. Results: ALR showed a significant negative correlation with body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumference and body fat percentage (p<0.05). Body fat percentage was the single most important predictor of ALR. Children and youth with increased CMR had higher weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences and body fat percentage as compared to those with no CMR (p<0.05). In T1DM children with dyslipidemia, ALR was significantly lower as compared to those without dyslipidemia (p<0.05). Conclusions: ALR may be a useful marker for adiposity and increased cardiometabolic risk in Indian children and youth with type 1 diabetes mellitus.  © 2023 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Pregnancy outcome with maternal HNF1B gene mutations and 17q12 deletions; There is an increasing body of literature regarding monogenic diabetes, particularly the more common forms of glucokinase and HNF1-alpha mutations (MODY2 and MODY3). There is relatively little published literature regarding rarer mutations. HNF1-beta mutations and 17q12 deletions may be associated with a broad range of organ dysfunction, renal disease and diabetes in particular resulting in high-risk pregnancies. This manuscript describes pregnancy outcomes in a woman with an HNF1-beta mutation and 2 women with an HNF1B/17q12 deletion and reviews the previously published literature. It highlights the significant rate of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, and the maternal features suggestive of the diagnosis which should be considered in preconception counselling. © The Author(s) 2022.
Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) H19: An essential developmental regulator with expanding roles in cancer, stem cell differentiation, and metabolic diseases; Recent advances in deep sequencing technologies have revealed that, while less than 2% of the human genome is transcribed into mRNA for protein synthesis, over 80% of the genome is transcribed, leading to the production of large amounts of noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs). It has been shown that ncRNAs, especially long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), may play crucial regulatory roles in gene expression. As one of the first isolated and reported lncRNAs, H19 has gained much attention due to its essential roles in regulating many physiological and/or pathological processes including embryogenesis, development, tumorigenesis, osteogenesis, and metabolism. Mechanistically, H19 mediates diverse regulatory functions by serving as competing endogenous RNAs (CeRNAs), Igf2/H19 imprinted tandem gene, modular scaffold, cooperating with H19 antisense, and acting directly with other mRNAs or lncRNAs. Here, we summarized the current understanding of H19 in embryogenesis and development, cancer development and progression, mesenchymal stem cell lineage-specific differentiation, and metabolic diseases. We discussed the potential regulatory mechanisms underlying H19's functions in those processes although more in-depth studies are warranted to delineate the exact molecular, cellular, epigenetic, and genomic regulatory mechanisms underlying the physiological and pathological roles of H19. Ultimately, these lines of investigation may lead to the development of novel therapeutics for human diseases by exploiting H19 functions. © 2023 Chongqing Medical University
Hypoglycemic Effect of Nobiletin via Gut Microbiota-Metabolism Axis on Hyperglycemic Mice; Scope: Prediabetes and diabetes are major public health problems worldwide without specific cure currently. Gut microbes have been recognized as one of the vital therapeutic targets for diabetes. The exploration that nobiletin (NOB) whether affects gut microbes provides a scientific basis for its application. Methods and results: A hyperglycemia animal model is established using high-fat-fed ApoE−/− mice. After 24 weeks of NOB intervention, the level of fasting blood glucose (FBG), glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, and glycosylated serum protein (GSP) are measured. Pancreas integrity is observed by hematoxylin-eosin (HE) staining and transmission electron microscopy. 16s RNA sequencing and untargeted metabolomics are to determine the changes of intestinal microbial composition and metabolic pathways. The levels of FBG and GSP in hyperglycemic mice are effectively reduced. The secretory function of pancreas is improved. Meanwhile, NOB treatment restored the gut microbial composition and affected metabolic function. Furthermore, NOB treatment regulates the metabolic disorder mainly through lipid metabolism, amino acid metabolism, and Secondary bile acid metabolism, etc. In addition, it is possibly existed mutual promotion between microbe and metabolites. Conclusion: NOB probably plays a vital role in the hypoglycemic effect and pancreatic islets protection by improving microbiota composition and gut metabolism. © 2023 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and Aim: A recent study has demonstrated that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease than those without GDM. In contrary to non-alcoholic fatty liver, the association of GDM with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has still not been well established in the current literature. Therefore, we aim to evaluate the association of a history of GDM and the development of NASH throughout their lives independently of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A validated research database of more than 360 hospitals was utilized to construct this study. Adult females included were divided into two groups: those with NASH (case) and individuals without NASH (control). Regression analysis was performed to account for potential cofounders. Results: There were 70 632 640 individuals above the age of 18 years screened in the database. In patients with a history of GDM, NASH was most prevalent in middle age people compared with NASH alone, which was more prevalent in people aged 65 years and above. Compared with those without, patients with NASH tend to be Caucasian (odds ratio [OR]: 2.13), obese (OR: 4.83), have a history of GDM (OR: 1.23), diagnosed with hyperlipidemia (OR: 2.59), T2DM (OR: 4.52), metabolic syndrome (OR: 3.07), polycystic ovaries disease (OR: 1.72), and hypothyroidism (OR: 1.59). Conclusion: We demonstrated for the first time an increased odd of developing NASH in women who have had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus throughout their lives independently of any other factors that could interfere with the results. © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology published by Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
THE EFFECT OF MELATONIN, METFORMIN AND URSODEOXYCHOLIC ACID ON NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE: A RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLINDED CONTROLLED TRIAL; Objective: This study was to investigate and compare the effect of melatonin, metformin, and ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease(NAFLD). Methods: In this randomized double-blinded clinical trial, 120 patients with NAFLD who had been referred to Gastrointestinal and Liver Diseases Research Center, Rasht, Iran, between September 2015 and January 2016. Patients were randomly assigned to 4 groups. Each group received melatonin, metformin, UDCA, or placebo in addition to a weight loss diet for 3 months. Results: A significant reduction was observed in levels of steatosis, alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, body weight, BMI, waist circumstance and triacylglycerol among participants in groups with metformin or melatonin administration. In addition a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose, and total cholesterol concentration was detected following metformin and UDCA administration, respectively. Conclusions: The present study suggests that the addition of metformin or melatonin to a low-caloric diet may be effective in the treatment of patients with NAFLD. © 2023 Assiut University. All rights reserved.
Osteoprotegerin and Interleukin-37 are Correlated with Liver Diseases in Chronic Hepatitis B Virus (HBV)-infected Subjects; BACKGROUND: Various biological markers have been proposed to predict subclinical events in subjects with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV). However, studies regarding chronic HBV infection are still limited. The current study aimed to investigate the relationship between osteoprotegerin (OPG) and interleukin-37 (IL-37) serum levels in chronic HBV subjects. METHODS: Sixty subjects with chronic HBV infection without previous treatment and 30 healthy subjects were included in this study. Blood samples were withdrawn and examined for biochemical parameters through the use of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) assessments. Moreover, anthropometric estimations and medical histories were performed on all subjects through a standard selfadministered questionnaire. RESULTS: A highly significant elevation (p<0.01) in serum levels of alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), and IL-37 and a significant increase (p<0.05) in serum level of OPG were observed in chronic HBV subjects compared with the controls. The data demonstrated that OPG had a positive correlation with IL-37 and that both OPG and IL-37 had significantly positive correlations with ALT and AST. Furthermore, the area under the receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve (AUC) was computed for ALT, AST, OPG, and IL-37 (AUC = 0.831, 0.829, 0.608, and 0.618, respectively) which could be potentially greater predictive biomarkers in chronic HBV subjects. CONCLUSION: The positive correlation of OPG and IL-37 with ALT and AST and the high positive value of AUC for OPG and IL-37 shows that OPG and IL-37 could to be potential inflammatory biomarkers for the early onset of liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic HBVinfected subjects. © Copyright 2023 The Prodia Education and Research Institute.
Epidemiology of small intestinal bacterial overgrowth; Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO) is defined as an increase in the bacterial content of the small intestine above normal values. The presence of SIBO is detected in 33.8% of patients with gastroenterological complaints who underwent a breath test, and is significantly associated with smoking, bloating, abdominal pain, and anemia. Proton pump inhibitor therapy is a significant risk factor for SIBO. The risk of SIBO increases with age and does not depend on gender or race. SIBO complicates the course of a number of diseases and may be of pathogenetic significance in the development of their symptoms. SIBO is significantly associated with functional dyspepsia, irritable bowel syndrome, functional abdominal bloating, functional constipation, functional diarrhea, short bowel syndrome, chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction, lactase deficiency, diverticular and celiac diseases, ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease, cirrhosis, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), primary biliary cholangitis, gastroparesis, pancreatitis, cystic fibrosis, gallstone disease, diabetes, hypothyroidism, hyperlipidemia, acromegaly, multiple sclerosis, autism, Parkinson’s disease, systemic sclerosis, spondylarthropathy, fibromyalgia, asthma, heart failure, and other diseases. The development of SIBO is often associated with a slowdown in orocecal transit time that decreases the normal clearance of bacteria from the small intestine. The slowdown of this transit may be due to motor dysfunction of the intestine in diseases of the gut, autonomic diabetic polyneuropathy, and portal hypertension, or a decrease in the motor-stimulating influence of thyroid hormones. In a number of diseases, including cirrhosis, MAFLD, diabetes, and pancreatitis, an association was found between disease severity and the presence of SIBO. Further work on the effect of SIBO eradication on the condition and prognosis of patients with various diseases is required. ©The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Upregulation of CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 attenuates cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury; CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 can inhibit ferroptosis, which has been associated with cerebral ischemia/reperfusion, in individuals with head and neck cancer. Therefore, CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 may be implicated in cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury. To validate this hypothesis in the present study, we established mouse models of occlusion of the middle cerebral artery and HT22 cell models of oxygen-glucose deprivation and reoxygenation to mimic cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury in vivo and in vitro, respectively. We found remarkably decreased CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 expression in the mouse brain tissue and HT22 cells. When we used adeno-associated virus and plasmid to up-regulate CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 expression in the brain tissue and HT22 cell models separately, mouse neurological dysfunction was greatly improved; the cerebral infarct volume was reduced; the survival rate of HT22 cells was increased; HT22 cell injury was alleviated; the expression of ferroptosis-related glutathione peroxidase 4, cystine-glutamate antiporter, and glutathione was increased; the levels of malondialdehyde, iron ions, and the expression of transferrin receptor 1 were decreased; and the expression of nuclear-factor E2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase 1 was increased. Inhibition of CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 upregulation via the nuclear-factor E2-related factor 2 inhibitor ML385 in oxygen-glucose deprived and reoxygenated HT22 cells blocked the neuroprotective effects of CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 up-regulation and the activation of the nuclear-factor E2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase 1 pathway. Our data indicate that the up-regulation of CDGSH iron sulfur domain 2 can attenuate cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury, thus providing theoretical support from the perspectives of cytology and experimental zoology for the use of this protein as a therapeutic target in patients with cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury. © 2023 Authors. All rights reserved.
NGR4 and ERBB4 as Promising Diagnostic and Therapeutic Targets for Metabolic Disorders; Obese individuals are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The aim of this review was to analyze the scientific literature and databases to reveal the fundamental role of neuregulin 4 (NRG4) and its receptors in the development of obesity-Associated metabolic disorders. This review demonstrates that NRG4 and its receptors are promising therapeutic targets for the treatment of socially significant obesity-Associated pathologies. The review contains nine chapters. Information on the structure of ERBB4 and NRG4 splice isoforms and subsequent activation of downstream targets is presented. The tissue-specific features of the NRG4 and ERBB4 genes and protein production are also highlighted. The role of NRG4 and ERBB3/4 in the pathophysiological mechanisms of the development of metabolic disorders in obesity is discussed in detail. The final chapter of the review is devoted to the miRNA-dependent regulation of NRG4 and ERBB4. Recent studies have shown that several miRNAs regulate ERBB4 expression, but no information was found on the interaction of NRG4 with miRNAs. We now demonstrate the putative relationships between NRG4 and let-7a-5p, let-7c-5p, miR-423-5p, miR-93-5p, miR-23a-3p, and miR-15b-5p for the first time. In addition, we found SNP mutations affecting the interaction of NRG4 and ERBB4 with miRNA in these genes as well as in miRNAs. In summary, this review provides a detailed and comprehensive overview of the role of NRG4 in obesity-Associated metabolic disorders. The review summarizes all current studies on this topic and opens perspectives for future research. © 2023 Frontiers in Bioscience. All rights reserved.
Effect of Genetically Reduced Maternal Myostatin on Late Gestation Maternal, Fetal, and Placental Metabolomes in Mice; Myostatin (gene symbol: Mstn) is an autocrine and paracrine inhibitor of muscle growth. Pregnant mice with genetically reduced levels of myostatin give birth to offspring with greater adult muscle mass and bone biomechanical strength. However, maternal myostatin is not detectable in fetal circulations. Fetal growth is dependent on the maternal environment, and the provisioning of nutrients and growth factors by the placenta. Thus, this study examined the effect of reduced maternal myostatin on maternal and fetal serum metabolomes, as well as the placental metabolome. Fetal and maternal serum metabolomes were highly distinct, which is consistent with the role of the placenta in creating a specific fetal nutrient environment. There was no effect from myostatin on maternal glucose tolerance or fasting insulin. In comparisons between pregnant control and Mstn+/− mice, there were more significantly different metabolite concentrations in fetal serum, at 50, than in the mother’s serum at 33, confirming the effect of maternal myostatin reduction on the fetal metabolic milieu. Polyamines, lysophospholipids, fatty acid oxidation, and vitamin C, in fetal serum, were all affected by maternal myostatin reduction. © 2023 by the authors.
Picroside I and II inhibit differentiation and lipid synthesis of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes by regulating C/EBP-PPARγ pathway; Objective To investigate the effects of picroside I and II, the main active components of Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora, on adipogenic differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes. Methods MTT assay was used to detect the effect of picroside I and II on the viability of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes, and to determine the concentration of drug administered. 3T3-L1 preadipocytes were induced to differentiate into mature adipocytes by differentiation medium. The effects of picroside I and picroside II (20 and 40 μmol·L−1) on lipid accumulation were observed by oil red O staining. Real-time quantitative PCR (qRT-PCR) was used to detect the expression of Acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (ACACA), fatty acid synthase (FASN), Stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD1), fatty acid binding protein (FABP4), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ), and sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 (SREBP1) mRNA expression levels in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes. Western blotting assay was used to detected the protein expression of CCAAT/ enhancer binding protein β (C/EBPβ), SCD1, and PPARγ. Results The treatment of picroside I and II with concentration below 50 μmol·L−1 does not affect the cell survival rate. Compared with control group, the vast majority of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes in the model group became circular after induced differentiation, and oil red O staining showed that there was a large amount of lipid accumulation in the cells (P < 0.01). Compared with model group, lipid accumulation was significantly reduced in the picroside I and II administration groups. Compared with the control group, the mRNA expression of ACACA, FASN, SCD1, FABP4, PPARγ and SREBP1 in the model group was significantly up-regulated (P < 0.05). Compared with model group, picroside I and II 20, 40 μmol·L−1 significantly reduced the expression of ACACA, SCD1, FASN, FABP4, and SREBP1 mRNA (P < 0.05, 0.01), while picroside I and II 40 μmol·L−1 significantly reduced the expression of SREBP1 mRNA (P < 0.05, 0.01). Western blotting results showed that, compared with control group, the protein levels of PPARγ, C/EBPβ, and SCD1 in the model group were significantly up-regulated (P < 0.01). Compared with model group, each concentration of picroside I and II significantly reduced the expression of SCD1 protein (P < 0.01), while the expression of PPARγ and C/EBPβ protein in picroside I 40 μmol·L−1 and picroside II 20, 40 μmol·L−1 group was significantly reduced (P < 0.05, 0.01). Conclusion Both picroside I and II can inhibit the adipose differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes, and reduce fat accumulation. Picroside I shows a better dose dependence, and their mechanism may be related to the inhibition of C/EBPβ-PPARγ pathway. © 2023 The Author(s). All rights reserved.
Phytobioactive compounds as therapeutic agents for human diseases: A review; Phytobioactive compounds are plant secondary metabolites and bioactive compounds abundantly present in medicinal plants and have remarkable therapeutic potential. Oxidative stress and antibiotic resistance are major causes of present-day ailments such as diabetes, atherosclerosis, cardiovascular disorders, cancer, and inflammation. The data for this review were collected from Google Scholar, PubMed, Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), and Science Direct by using keywords: “Medicinal plants, Phytobioactive compounds, Polyphenols, Alkaloids, Carotenoids etc.” Several studies have reported the pharmacological and therapeutic potential of the phytobioactives. Polyphenols, alkaloids, terpenes, and polysaccharides isolated from medicinal plants showed remarkable antioxidant, anticancer, cytotoxic, anti-inflammatory, cardioprotective, hepatoprotective, immunomodulatory, neuroprotective, and antidiabetic activities. This literature review was planned to provide comprehensive insight into the biopharmacological and therapeutic potential of phytobioactive compounds. The techniques used for the extraction and isolation of phytobioactive compounds, and bioassays required for their biological activities such as antioxidant, antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, and cytotoxic activities, have been discussed. Characterization techniques for the structural elucidation of phytobioactive compounds such as HPLC, TLC, FTIR, GC–MS/MS, and NMR have also been discussed. This review concludes that phytobioactive compounds may be used as potential alternative to synthetic compounds as therapeutic agents for the treatment of various diseases. © 2023 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Lipidomics of the erythrocyte membrane and network pharmacology to explore the mechanism of mangiferin from Anemarrhenae rhizoma in treating type 2 diabetes mellitus rats; Mangiferin, a natural C-glucoside xanthone, is one of the major bioactive ingredients derived from the dry rhizome of Anemarrhenae rhizome, which has been reported to exhibit various pharmacological effects, including anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-fatty liver, anti-metabolic syndrome, and anti-diabetic. However, the precise molecular mechanisms underlying its impact on phospholipid metabolism in the erythrocyte membrane of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remain unclear. The present research aimed to evaluate the effects of mangiferin on glucose and lipid metabolism in T2DM model rats and discuss the relationship between lipid metabolites and potential targets involved in the hypoglycemic effects by integrating lipidomics and network pharmacology method. After 8 consecutive weeks of treatment with mangiferin, the T2DM model rats exhibited significant improvements in several biochemical indices and cytokines, including fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels after 12 h of fasting, fasting insulin level (FINS), total cholesterol (T-CHO), triacylglycerols (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HMOA-IR), TNF-α and IL-6. A total of 22 differential lipid metabolites were selected from erythrocyte membrane phospholipids, which were closely associated with the processes of T2DM. These metabolites mainly belonged to glycerophospholipid metabolism and sphingolipid metabolism. Based on network pharmacology analysis, 22 genes were recognized as the potential targets of mangiferin against diabetes. Moreover, molecular docking analysis revealed that the targets of TNF, CASP3, PTGS2, MMP9, RELA, PLA2G2A, PPARA, and NOS3 could be involved in the modulation of inflammatory signaling pathways and arachidonic acid (AA) metabolism to improve IR and hyperglycemia. The combination of immunohistochemical staining and PCR showed that mangiferin could treat T2DM by regulating the expression of PPARγ protein and NF-κB mRNA expression to impact glycerophospholipids (GPs) and AA metabolism. The present study showed that mangiferin might alleviate IR and hyperglycemia of T2DM model rats via multiple targets and multiple pathways to adjust their phospholipid metabolism, which may be the underlying mechanism for mangiferin in the treatment of T2DM. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Modulation of transcription factors by small molecules in β-cell development and differentiation; Transcription factors regulate gene expression and play crucial roles in development and differentiation of pancreatic β-cell. The expression and/or activities of these transcription factors are reduced when β-cells are chronically exposed to hyperglycemia, which results in loss of β-cell function. Optimal expression of such transcription factors is required to maintain normal pancreatic development and β-cell function. Over many other methods of regenerating β-cells, using small molecules to activate transcription factors has gained insights, resulting in β-cells regeneration and survival. In this review, we discuss the broad spectrum of transcription factors regulating pancreatic β-cell development, differentiation and regulation of these factors in normal and pathological states. Also, we have presented set of potential pharmacological effects of natural and synthetic compounds on activities of transcription factor involved in pancreatic β-cell regeneration and survival. Exploring these compounds and their action on transcription factors responsible for pancreatic β-cell function and survival could be useful in providing new insights for development of small molecule modulators. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Dietary Fatty Acids Contribute to Maintaining the Balance between Pro-Inflammatory and Anti-Inflammatory Responses during Pregnancy; Background: During pregnancy, the balance between pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory responses is essential for ensuring healthy outcomes. Dietary Fatty acids may modulate inflammation. Methods: We investigated the association between dietary fatty acids as profiled on red blood cells membranes and a few pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines, including the adipokines leptin and adiponectin at ~38 weeks in 250 healthy women. Results: We found a number of associations, including, but not limited to those of adiponectin with C22:3/C22:4 (coeff −1.44; p = 0.008), C18:1 c13/c14 (coeff 1.4; p = 0.02); endotoxin with C20:1 (coeff −0.9; p = 0.03), C22:0 (coeff −0.4; p = 0.05); MCP-1 with C16:0 (coeff 0.8; p = 0.04); and ICAM-1 with C14:0 (coeff −86.8; p = 0.045). Several cytokines including leptin were associated with maternal body weight (coeff 0.9; p = 2.31 × 10−5), smoking habits (i.e., ICAM-1 coeff 133.3; p = 0.09), or gestational diabetes (i.e., ICAM-1 coeff 688; p = 0.06). Conclusions: In a general cohort of pregnant women, the intake of fatty acids influenced the balance between pro- and anti-inflammatory molecules together with weight gain, smoking habits, and gestational diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Interplay between fish oil, obesity and cardiometabolic diabetes; Diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity, and cardiac dysfunction are the hallmarks of the cardiometabolic syndrome. Pathogens include hypercoagulability, inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and oxidative stress. Increased white fat, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease are caused by obesity. Depression increases the risk of future obesity, a surprising link between obesity and neuropathology. High glucose levels, abnormal lipids, and metabolic syndrome are the root causes of CVD associated with diabetes. Diets high in fat induce insulin resistance and liver fat. Inflammation, diminished insulin signaling, and ectopic lipid accumulation are the causes of ectopic lipid accumulation. Polyunsaturated fatty acids with eicosapentaenoic acid and docohexasonoic acid inhibit the synthesis of triglycerides and increase their clearance. Omega-3 regulates the nervous system, blood pressure, hematic clotting, glucose tolerance, and inflammation. However, anxiety and depression can cause cardiovascular disease. It has been shown that PUFAs found in fish oil can improve glucose and lipid metabolism, cardiac membrane composition, and inflammation in the body. By repairing the dysregulation of metabolic syndrome, fish oil is a potential therapeutic target for cardiovascular diseases. © 2023 Formosan Medical Association
Exploring the Antioxidant, Antidiabetic, and Antimicrobial Capacity of Phenolics from Blueberries and Sweet Cherries; Featured Application: This work analyses the biological potential of blueberries and sweet cherries in several dimensions of human health, reinforcing the research on the benefits of consumption of these fruits. (1) Background: Nowadays, special attention has been paid to red and purple fruits, including blueberries and sweet cherries, since they are highly attractive to consumers due to their organoleptic properties, standing out due to their vibrant red and purple colours and sweet flavour, and nutritional value. (2) Methods: The present study evaluated the phenolic profile of phenolic-enriched extracts from blueberries and sweet cherries and explored their antioxidant potential against DPPH, superoxide and nitric oxide radicals, and ferric species, and their potential to inhibit the α-glucosidase enzyme. Furthermore, their antimicrobial activity was also determined by microdilution method against four Gram-positive strains (Enterococcus faecalis ATCC 29212, Bacillus cereus ATCC 11778, Listeria monocytogenes LMG 16779, and Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 25923) and five Gram-negative strains (Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica ATCC 13311 serovar Typhimurium, Klebsiella pneumoniae ATCC 13883, Proteus mirabilis CECT 170, Serratia marcescens CECT 159, and Acinetobacter baumannii LMG 1025). (3) Results: By chromatographic techniques, eight anthocyanins were detected in blueberry coloured fraction and total extract, and five anthocyanins were detected in sweet cherry total extract and coloured fraction, while quercetin aglycone and chlorogenic acids were the dominant non-coloured compounds in blueberries and sweet cherries, respectively. All extracts demonstrated significant antioxidant properties, as well as the ability to inhibit the activity of α-glucosidase enzyme and the development of various microorganisms. (4) Conclusion: The obtained data evidence the promising biological potential of blueberries and sweet cherries, being highly correlated with the presence of phenolic compounds. © 2023 by the authors.
Protective effect of Modified Xiao-Xian-Xiong Decoction on liver injury in rats with type 2 diabete mellitus and its mechanism; Objective：To discuss the protective effect of Modified Xiao-Xian-Xiong Decoction（MXD）on liver injury in the rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus（T2DM），and to clarify its possible mechanism. Methods：Fifty rats were fed with high sugar and high fat combined with intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin （STZ） to establish the T2DM rat models. A total of 40 rats successful modeling were randomly divided into model group（given no drugs），metformin group（given 200 mg·kg－1 metformin），low dose of MXD group（given 630 mg·kg－1 MXD），and high dose of MXD group（given 1 260 mg·kg－1 MXD），and there were 10 rats in each group；another 10 rats were selected as control group（given standard feed）. The body masses of the rats in various groups were detected；the fasting blood glucose（FBG）levels of the rats in various groups were detected；the activities of alanine aminotransferase（ALT）and aspartate aminotransferase （AST） in serum of the rats in various groups were detected by fully automated biochemical analyzer；the pathomorphology of liver tissue of the rats in various groups were detected by HE staining；enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay（ELISA） was used to detect the levels of interleukin 1β （IL-1β），interleukin 6 （IL-6），tumor necrosis factor α （TNF- α） in serum；the levels of superoxide dismutase（SOD），reductive glutathione（GSH），and malondialdehyde（MDA）in liver tissue of the rats in various groups were measured by spectrophotometer ；the expression levels of nuclear factor E2 related factor 2（Nrf2） and heme oxygenase（HO-1） proteins in liver tissue of the rats in various groups were detected by Western blotting method. Results：The rats in control group had moderate feeding and water intake，and the above indexes of the rats had no sudden increasing and decreasing；the rats in model group had typical symptoms of diabetes；compared with model group，the diabetes symptoms of the rats in meftormin group，low dose of MXD group，and high dose of MXD group had been improved to various degrees. Compared with control group，the body masses of the rats in model group were significantly decreased at different time points（P<0. 01），while the FBG levels were increased（P<0. 01）；compared wtih model group，the levels of FBG of the rats in meftormin group，low dose of MXD group，and high dose of MXD group were decreased in the 2nd，3rd and 4th weeks after administration，and the levels of FBG of the rats in low dose of MXD group were decreased in the 3rd and 4th weeks after administration（P<0. 05 or P<0. 01）. Compared with control group，the activities of AST and ALT in serum of the rats in model group were increased（P<0. 01）；compared with model group，the activities of AST and ALT in serum of the rats in metformin group，low dose of MXD group，and high dose of MXD group were decreased（P< 0. 01）. The HE staining results showed that the morphology of liver cells of the rats in control group was normal，and there was no inflammatory cell infiltration；there was serious inflammatory cell infiltration in model group；there was a bit of inflammatory cell infiltration in meftormin group；there were almost no inflammatory cell infiltrations in low and high doses of MXD groups. The ELISA method results showed that the levels of serum IL-1β，IL-6，and TNF- α in serum of the rats in model group were significantly increased（P<0. 01）. Compared with model group，the levels of serum IL-1β，IL-6，and TNF-α of the rats in metformin group，low dose of MXD and high dose of MXD groups were decreased（P<0. 01），while the activity of SOD，the level of GSH，and the expression levels of Nrf2 and HO-1 proteins in liver tissue of the rats in model group were significantly decreased（P<0. 01）. The spectrophotometer results showed that compared with control group，the activity of SOD，the level of GSH in liver tissue of the rats in model group were decreased（P<0. 01），and the level of MDA was significantly increased（P<0. 01）；compared with model group，the activities of SOD and the levels of GSH in liver tissue of the rats in metformin group，low dose of MXD group，and high dose of MXD group were decreased（P<0. 01），and the levels of MDA in liver tissue of the rats in low and high doses of MXD groups were decreased（P<0. 05 or P<0. 01）. The Western blotting results showed that compared with control group，the expression levels of Nrf2 and HO-1 proteins in liver tissue of the rats in model group were decreased（P<0. 01）；compared with model group，the expression levels of Nrf2 and HO-1 proteins in liver tissue of the rats in metformin group，low dose of MXD group，and high dose of MXD group were increased（P<0. 05 or P<0. 01）. Conclusion：MXD has protective effect on liver injury of the rats with type 2 diabetes，and its mechanism may be related to anti-inflammation and activation of Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway，thereby inhibition of oxidative stress. © 2023 Authors. All rights reserved.
MiR-17-5p/FOXL2/CDKN1B signal programming in oocytes mediates transgenerational inheritance of diminished ovarian reserve in female offspring rats induced by prenatal dexamethasone exposure; Prenatal dexamethasone exposure (PDE) induces long-term reproductive toxicity in female offspring. We sought to explore the transgenerational inheritance effects of PDE on diminished ovarian reserve (DOR) in female offspring. Dexamethasone was subcutaneously administered into pregnant Wistar rats from gestational day 9 (GD9) to GD20 to obtain fetal and adult offspring of the F1 generation. F1 adult females were mated with normal males to produce the F2 generation, and the F3 generation. The findings showed decrease of serum levels of anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) that in the PDE group, decrease in number of primordial follicles, and upregulation of miR-17-5p expression before birth in F1 offspring rats. Expression of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B (CDKN1B) and Forkhead Box L2 (FOXL2) were downregulated, and binding of FOXL2 and the CDKN1B promoter region was decreased in PDE groups of the F1, F2, and F3 generations. In vitro intervention experiments showed that glucocorticoid receptor (GR) was involved in activity of dexamethasone. These findings indicate that PDE can activate GR in fetal rat ovary and induce DOR of offspring, and its heritability is mediated by the cascade effect of miR-17-5p/FOXL2/CDKN1B. Increase in miR-17-5p expression in oocytes is the potential molecular basis for transgenerational inheritance of PDE effects. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Diet Restriction Impact on High-Fat-Diet-Induced Obesity by Regulating Mitochondrial Cardiolipin Biosynthesis and Remodeling; Diet restriction (DR) ameliorates obesity by regulating mitochondrial function. Cardiolipin (CL), a mitochondrial phospholipid, is closely associated with mitochondrial function. This study aimed to evaluate the anti-obesity effects of graded levels of DR based on mitochondrial CL levels in the liver. Obese mice were treated with 0%, 20%, 40%, and 60% reductions in the normal diet compared to normal animals (0 DR, 20 DR, 40 DR, and 60 DR groups, respectively). Biochemical and histopathological analyses were performed to evaluate the ameliorative effects of DR on obese mice. The altered profile of mitochondrial CL in the liver was explored using a targeted metabolomics strategy by ultra-high-pressure liquid chromatography MS/MS coupled with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Finally, gene expression associated with CL biosynthesis and remodeling was quantified. Tissue histopathology and biochemical index evaluations revealed significant improvements in the liver after DR, except for the 60 DR group. The variation in mitochondrial CL distribution and DR levels showed an inverted U-shape, and the CL content in the 40 DR group was the most upregulated. This result is consistent with the results of the target metabolomic analysis, which showed that 40 DR presented more variation. Furthermore, DR led to increased gene expression associated with CL biosynthesis and remodeling. This study provides new insights into the mitochondrial mechanisms underlying DR intervention in obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
The correlation between intestinal flora and glucose metabolism during pregnancy and the research progress on the application of probiotics; Gut microbiota is the microbial community that resides on the surface of human intestinal mucosa. During normal pregnancy, the composition of gut microbiota may change dynamically with the progress of pregnancy. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, which can affect maternal and neonatal intestinal flora, and affect the long-term glucose metabolism of mothers and infants through exacerbating insulin resistance and promoting inflammatory response. Adjustment of dietary structure and application of probiotics may regulate intestinal microbiota and improve maternal and neonatal glucose metabolism in GDM. Here we reviewed the correlation between intestinal flora and glucose metabolism during pregnancy, and discussed the effects of diet and probiotics on gut microbiota. © 2023 Editorial Office of Chinese Journal of Clinical Nutrition. All rights reserved.
Maternal Exercise Impacts Offspring Metabolic Health in Adulthood: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Animal Studies; Maternal exercise benefits offspring’s metabolic health with long-term repercussions. Here, we systematically reviewed the effects of maternal exercise on offspring obesity outcomes in adulthood. The primary outcome is body weight. The secondary outcomes are glucose and lipid profiles. Two independent authors performed a search in the databases PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science. A total of nine studies with 17 different cohorts consisting of 369 animals (two species) were included. Study quality was assessed using the SYRCLE risk of bias. The PRISMA statement was used to report this systematic review. The results showed that maternal exercise contributes to improved glucose tolerance, reduced insulin concentration, and lower total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein levels in adult offspring in mice, which are independent of maternal body weight and offspring dietary condition. Additionally, in rats, maternal exercise leads to a higher body weight in adult offspring, which might be attributed to the high-fat diet of offspring after weaning. These findings further support the metabolic beneficial role of maternal exercise on offspring in adulthood, although the issue of translating the results to the human population is still yet to be addressed. © 2023 by the authors.
TXLNG improves insulin resistance in obese subjects in vitro and in vivo by inhibiting ATF4 transcriptional activity; Lipotoxicity contributes to insulin resistance and dysfunction of pancreatic β-cells. Insulin promotes 3T3-L1 preadipocyte differentiation and facilitates glucose entry into muscle, adipose, and other tissues. In this study, differential gene expression was analyzed using four datasets, and taxilin gamma (TXLNG) was the only shared downregulated gene in all four datasets. TXLNG expression was significantly reduced in obese subjects according to online datasets and in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced insulin-resistant (IR) mice according to experimental investigations. TXLNG overexpression significantly improved IR induced by HFD in mouse models by reducing body weight and epididymal adipose weight, decreasing mRNA expression of pro-inflammatory factors interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), and reducing adipocyte size. High-glucose/high-insulin-stimulated adipocytes exhibited decreased TXLNG and increased signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) and activating transcription factor 4 (ATF4). IR significantly decreased glucose uptake, cell surface glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) levels, and Akt phosphorylation, while increasing the mRNA expression levels of IL-6 and TNF-α in adipocytes. However, these changes were significantly reversed by TXLNG overexpression, while they were exacerbated by TXLNG knockdown. TXLNG overexpression had no effect on ATF4 protein levels, while ATF4 overexpression increased ATF4 protein levels. Furthermore, ATF4 overexpression notably abolished the improvements in IR adipocyte dysfunction caused by TXLNG overexpression. In conclusion, TXLNG improves IR in obese subjects in vitro and in vivo by inhibiting ATF4 transcriptional activity. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Liver-secreted hexosaminidase a regulates insulin-like growth factor signaling and glucose transport in skeletal muscle; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and impaired glycemic control are closely linked; however, the pathophysiological mechanisms underpinning this bidirectional relationship remain unresolved. The high secretory capacity of the liver and impairments in protein secretion in NAFLD suggest that endocrine changes in the liver are likely to contribute to glycemic defects. We identify hexosaminidase A (HEXA) as an NAFLD-induced hepatokine in both mice and humans. HEXA regulates sphingolipid metabolism, converting GM2 to GM3 gangliosides— sphingolipids that are primarily localized to cell-surface lipid rafts. Using recombinantmurineHEXA protein, an enzymatically inactiveHEXA(R178H)mutant, or adeno-associated virus vectors to induce hepatocyte-specific overexpression of HEXA, we show that HEXA improves blood glucose control by increasing skeletal muscle glucose uptake in mouse models of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, with these effects being dependent on HEXA’s enzymatic action. Mechanistically, HEXA remodels muscle lipid raft ganglioside composition, thereby increasing IGF-1 signaling and GLUT4 localization to the cell surface. Disrupting lipid rafts reverses these HEXA-mediated effects. In this study, we identify a pathway for intertissue communication between liver and skeletalmuscle in the regulation of systemic glycemic control. © 2023, American Diabetes Association Inc.. All rights reserved.
Evaluating the Feasibility of Pro-Neurotensin and 25-Hydroxyvitamin D3 as Possible Indicators for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complications; (1) Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome are associated with decreased vitamin D. In contrast, high pro-neurotensin (pro-NT) levels are linked with an increased risk of T2DM and cardiovascular disease. We aimed to determine the validity of pro-NT and 25-dihydroxy vitamin D3 levels as predictors for T2DM complications; (2) Methods: One hundred T2DM, and one hundred healthy volunteers participated in this case-control study. Their Pro-NT and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 levels were evaluated using the ELISA technique; (3) Results: Pro-NT and 25 (OH) vitamin D3 have significant validity and accuracy in T2DM prediction, 84.5%, and 90.5%, respectively (p = 0.001). At a value of <29.5, 25-Hydroxy vitamin D3 showed 88% sensitivity and 93% specificity in predicting T2DM. At a value of >124 Pmol/L, Pro-NT showed 81% sensitivity and 88% specificity in predicting T2DM. At a value of 16.5, 25-Hydroxy vitamin D3 had 78.4% sensitivity and 68.3% specificity in predicting T2DM complications. At a value of >158 pmol/L, Pro-NT predicted T2DM complications with 67.6% sensitivity and 56.0% specificity; (4) Conclusions: 25 (OH) Vit D3 and Pro-NT could identify T2DM patients and predict T2DM complications. More extensive research is required to adequately validate this novel perspective with a large population study. © 2023 by the authors.
Women’s Reproductive Milestones and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Review of Reports and Opportunities From the CARDIA Study; In 1985 to 1986, the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study enrolled 5115 Black or White participants, including 2788 women, aged 18 to 30 years. Over the following 35 years, the CARDIA study amassed extensive longitudinal data on women’s reproductive milestones, spanning menarche to menopause. Although not initially conceived as a study of women’s health, >75 CARDIA study publications address relationships between reproductive factors and events with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease, and social determi-nants of health. The CARDIA study was one of the earliest population-based reports to note Black-White differences in age at menarche and associations with cardiovascular risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and preterm birth, have been assessed along with postpartum behaviors, such as lactation. Existing studies have examined risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes and lactation, as well as their relationship to future cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, diagnoses, and subclinical atherosclerosis. Ancillary studies examining components of polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian biomarkers, such as anti-Müllerian hormone, have facilitated examination of reproductive health in a population-based cohort of young adult women. As the cohort transitioned through menopause, examination of the importance of pre-menopausal cardiovascular risk factors along with menopause has improved our understanding of shared mechanisms. The cohort is now aged in the 50s to mid-60s, and women will begin to experience a greater number of cardiovascular events as well as other conditions, such as cognitive impairment. Thus, in the next decade, the CARDIA study will provide a unique resource for understanding how the women’s reproductive life course epidemiology informs cardiovascular risk, as well as reproductive and chronological aging. © 2023 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley.
Fasting: From Physiology to Pathology; Overnutrition is a risk factor for various human diseases, including neurodegenerative diseases, metabolic disorders, and cancers. Therefore, targeting overnutrition represents a simple but attractive strategy for the treatment of these increasing public health threats. Fasting as a dietary intervention for combating overnutrition has been extensively studied. Fasting has been practiced for millennia, but only recently have its roles in the molecular clock, gut microbiome, and tissue homeostasis and function emerged. Fasting can slow aging in most species and protect against various human diseases, including neurodegenerative diseases, metabolic disorders, and cancers. These centuried and unfading adventures and explorations suggest that fasting has the potential to delay aging and help prevent and treat diseases while minimizing side effects caused by chronic dietary interventions. In this review, recent animal and human studies concerning the role and underlying mechanism of fasting in physiology and pathology are summarized, the therapeutic potential of fasting is highlighted, and the combination of pharmacological intervention and fasting is discussed as a new treatment regimen for human diseases. © 2023 The Authors. Advanced Science published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Activin A and pathologies of pregnancy: a review; Activin A is a two-subunit protein belonging to the transforming growth factor β superfamily. First discovered almost three decades ago, it has since been implicated in diverse physiological roles, ranging from wound repair to reproduction. After 30 years of research, altered activin A levels are now understood to be associated with the development of various diseases, making activin A a potential therapeutic target. In pregnancy, the placenta and fetal membranes are major producers of activin A, with significantly enhanced serum concentrations now recognised as a contributor to numerous gestational disorders. Evidence now suggests that circulating levels of activin A may be clinically relevant in the early detection of pregnancy complications, including miscarriage and preeclampsia. This review aims to summarise our current understanding of activin A as a potential diagnostic marker in common pregnancy pathologies. © 2023 The Authors
Dietary Coated Sodium Butyrate Ameliorates Hepatic Lipid Accumulation and Inflammation via Enhancing Antioxidative Function in Post-Peaking Laying Hens; During the aging process of laying hens, hepatic oxidative stress damage and lipid accumulation are prone to occur, leading to the deterioration of egg quality and a decline in production properties. This research was designed to explore the effects of different levels of coated sodium butyrate (CSB) addition on oxidation resistance, inflammatory reaction, lipid metabolism and hepatic oxidative damage-related gene expression in aged laying hens. A total of 720 healthy 52 weeks old Huafeng laying hens were arbitrarily divided into 5 groups of 6 replicates with 24 birds each and fed a basal diet supplemented with 0, 250, 500, 750 and 1000 mg/kg CSB for 8 weeks, respectively. The CSB quadratically upgraded GSH-Px activities and downgraded MDA content in the liver and serum. The LDL-C, NEFA and TG contents decreased quadratically in CSB groups and significantly reduced the fatty vacuoles as well as the formation of fat granules in the liver (p < 0.05). Meanwhile, the CSB quadratically upregulated the gene expression of IL-10, Nrf2 and HO1, but downregulated the gene expression of IFN-γ, TNF-α and Keap1 in a quadratic manner (p < 0.05). Moreover, the CSB quadratically degraded the mRNA level of fatty acid synthesis but increased the gene level of key enzymes of fatty acid catabolism (p < 0.05). In conclusion, dietary CSB supplementation has a favorable effect in protecting against liver injury and alleviating lipid accumulation and inflammation by enhancing hepatic antioxidative function in aged laying hens. © 2023 by the authors.
Association of serum level of chemerin with visceral fat obesity in type 2 diabetic patient; Aim and objective: This study aimed to investigate whether circulating chemerin levels might be associated with visceral obesity and other metabolic parameters in subject with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Methodology: The study was conducted at Baqai Institute of Diabetology and Endocrinology (BIDE), Baqai Medical University (BMU), Karachi. The study was carried out after ethical approval from ethics committee of BMU. Type 2 diabetic subjects ≥ 20 years of age and without any complication were included whereas subjects with type I diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes, and acute or chronic illness were excluded. A total of 75 subjects participated in the study and were divided into three groups, (n=25) normal glucose tolerance (NGT), (n=25) type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and (n=25) impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) according to oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) [1]. Results: A total of 75 subjects participated in the study, out of which 25 subjects were newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and 25 subjects had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) while 25 individuals had normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Subjects with NGT had significantly lower FBS and RBS level than subjects with IGT and T2DM. HbA1c was significantly higher in subjects with T2DM whereas chemerin level was significantly lower in T2DM as compared to subjects with NGT and IGT. Among subjects with T2DM, it was observed that only HbA1c had positively strong correlation with chemerin level (r=0.645, p=0.001) while FBS had positively moderate correlation with chemerin level (r=0.471, p=0.017). Correlation of chemerin with diastolic blood pressure, RBS, and HDL was also moderate but non-significant. Conclusion: Newly diagnosed diabetic subjects had low serum chemerin levels with obesity compared to healthy individuals, which could indicate a possibility of lifestyle modification practice in T2DM subjects. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Pediococcus acidilactici pA1c® Improves the Beneficial Effects of Metformin Treatment in Type 2 Diabetes by Controlling Glycaemia and Modulating Intestinal Microbiota; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a complex metabolic disease, which involves maintained hyperglycemia, mainly due to the development of an insulin resistance process. Metformin administration is the most prescribed treatment for diabetic patients. In a previously published study, we demonstrated that Pediococcus acidilactici pA1c® (pA1c) protects from insulin resistance and body weight gain in HFD-induced diabetic mice. The present work aimed to evaluate the possible beneficial impact of a 16-week administration of pA1c, metformin, or the combination of pA1c and metformin in a T2D HFD-induced mice model. We found that the simultaneous administration of both products attenuated hyperglycemia, increased high-intensity insulin-positive areas in the pancreas and HOMA-β, decreased HOMA-IR and also provided more beneficial effects than metformin treatment (regarding HOMA-IR, serum C-peptide level, liver steatosis or hepatic Fasn expression), and pA1c treatment (regarding body weight or hepatic G6pase expression). The three treatments had a significant impact on fecal microbiota and led to differential composition of commensal bacterial populations. In conclusion, our findings suggest that P. acidilactici pA1c® administration improved metformin beneficial effects as a T2D treatment, and it would be a valuable therapeutic strategy to treat T2D. © 2023 by the authors.
Association between breakfast frequency and insulin resistance in Korean adults with prediabetes: A nationwide population-based cross-sectional study; Aims: This study aimed to investigate the association between breakfast frequency and insulin resistance using the triglyceride and glucose (TyG) index in Korean adults with prediabetes. Methods: This study used data from the 2016–2018 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES). A total of 16,925 participants were included in this study. Breakfast frequency was classified as 0 times, 1−4 times, and 5−7 times per week. High insulin resistance was defined as a TyG index of ≥8.5. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed. Results: Compared with the group whose breakfast frequency was 5–7 times per week, the odds ratio for high insulin resistance was 1.39 times (95% confidence interval (CI), 1.21−1.59) and 1.17 times (95% CI, 1.04–1.32) higher in the group whose breakfast frequency was 0 times and 1−4 times per week, respectively. Conclusions: This study revealed that a lower frequency of breakfast consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of insulin resistance in Korean adults with prediabetes. In the future, a large-scale prospective longitudinal study is required to establish the causal relationship between breakfast frequency and insulin resistance. © 2023 The Authors
Kisspeptin Suppresses Inflammasome-NLRP3 Activation and Pyroptosis Caused by Hypothyroidism at the Maternal-Fetal Interface of Rats; Gestational diseases such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes cause inflammasome activation and pyroptosis in the placenta and changes in placental kisspeptin levels. Although maternal hypothyroidism also reduces the kisspeptin/Kiss1R system at the maternal-fetal interface, there is still no information on whether this dysfunction causes inflammasome activation and pyroptosis in the placenta or influences the modulatory role of kisspeptin in these processes. This study aimed to evaluate whether hypothyroidism activates the inflammasome-NLRP3 pathway and pyroptosis at the maternal-fetal interface of rats and whether kisspeptin can modulate these processes. Hypothyroidism was induced in Wistar rats by the administration of propylthiouracil. Kisspeptin-10 (Kp10) treatment began on the 8th day of gestation (DG). Gene and/or protein expressions of NLRP3, Caspase 1, IL-1β, IL-18, and Gasdermin D (Gsmd) were evaluated in the deciduae and placentae at the 18th DG. Hypothyroidism increased the decidual and placental stainings of NLRP3, IL-1β, and Gasdermin D, and increased the gene expressions of Nlrp3, Ilβ, and Il18 in the placenta and of Gsmd in the decidua. Treatment with Kp10 suppressed the increase in NLRP3/Nlrp3, IL-1β, Il18, and Gasdermin D/Gsmd caused by hypothyroidism at the maternal-fetal interface. However, Kp10 increased the placental gene expressions of Casp1 and Il1β. The findings demonstrated that maternal hypothyroidism activated the inflammasome-NLRP3 pathway and pyroptosis at the maternal-fetal interface of rats and that treatment with Kp10 was able to block these processes, thus suggesting that kisspeptin analogues may be promising in the treatment of gestational diseases that involve inflammasome activation and pyroptosis. © 2023 by the authors.
Associations between residential volatile organic compound exposures and liver injury markers: The role of biological sex and race; While occupational exposures to volatile organic compounds (VOCs) have been linked to steatohepatitis and liver cancer in industrial workers, recent findings have also positively correlated low-dose, residential VOC exposures with liver injury markers. VOC sources are numerous; factors including biological make up (sex), socio-cultural constructs (gender, race) and lifestyle (smoking) can influence both VOC exposure levels and disease outcomes. Therefore, the current study's objective is to investigate how sex and race influence associations between residential VOC exposures and liver injury markers particularly in smokers vs. nonsmokers. Subjects (n = 663) were recruited from residential neighborhoods; informed consent was obtained. Exposure biomarkers included 16 urinary VOC metabolites. Serological disease biomarkers included liver enzymes, direct bilirubin, and hepatocyte death markers (cytokeratin K18). Pearson correlations and generalized linear models were conducted. Models were adjusted for common liver-related confounders and interaction terms. The study population constituted approximately 60% females (n = 401) and 40% males (n = 262), and a higher percent of males were smokers and/or frequent drinkers. Both sexes had a higher percent of White (75% females, 82% males) vs. Black individuals. Positive associations were identified for metabolites of acrolein, acrylamide, acrylonitrile, butadiene, crotonaldehyde, and styrene with alkaline phosphatase (ALP), a biomarker for cholestatic injury; and for the benzene metabolite with bilirubin; only in females. These associations were retained in female smokers. Similar associations were also observed between these metabolites and ALP only in White individuals (n = 514). In Black individuals (n = 114), the styrene metabolite was positively associated with aspartate transaminase. Interaction models indicated that positive associations for acrylamide/crotonaldehyde metabolites with ALP in females were dose-dependent. Most VOC associations with K18 markers were negative in this residential population. Overall, the findings demonstrated that biological sex, race, and smoking status influence VOC effects on liver injury and underscored the role of biological-social-lifestyle factor(s) interactions when addressing air pollution-related health disparities. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Microcystins Exposure Associated with Blood Lipid Profiles and Dyslipidemia: A Cross-Sectional Study in Hunan Province, China; Increasing evidence from experimental research suggests that exposure to microcystins (MCs) may induce lipid metabolism disorder. However, population-based epidemiological studies of the association between MCs exposure and the risk of dyslipidemia are lacking. Therefore, we conducted a population-based cross-sectional study involving 720 participants in Hunan Province, China, and evaluated the effects of MCs on blood lipids. After adjusting the lipid related metals, we used binary logistic regression and multiple linear regression models to examine the associations among serum MCs concentration, the risk of dyslipidemia and blood lipids (triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)). Moreover, the additive model was used to explore the interaction effects on dyslipidemia between MCs and metals. Compared to the lowest quartile of MCs exposure, the risk of dyslipidemia [odds ratios (OR) = 2.27, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.46, 3.53] and hyperTG (OR = 3.01, 95% CI: 1.79, 5.05) in the highest quartile was significantly increased, and showed dose–response relationships. MCs were positively associated with TG level (percent change, 9.43%; 95% CI: 3.53%, 15.67%) and negatively associated with HDL-C level (percent change, −3.53%; 95% CI: −5.70%, −2.10%). In addition, an additive antagonistic effect of MCs and Zn on dyslipidemia was also reported [relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI) = −1.81 (95% CI: −3.56, −0.05)], and the attributable proportion of the reduced risk of dyslipidemia due to the antagonism of these two exposures was 83% (95% CI: −1.66, −0.005). Our study first indicated that MCs exposure is an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia in a dose–response manner. © 2023 by the authors.
Therapeutic potential of natural molecules against Alzheimer's disease via SIRT1 modulation; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a neurodegenerative disease mainly characterized by progressive cognitive dysfunction and memory impairment. Recent studies have shown that regulating silent information regulator 1 (SIRT1) expression has a significant neuroprotective effect, and SIRT1 may become a new therapeutic target for AD. Natural molecules are an important source of drug development for use in AD therapy and may regulate a wide range of biological events by regulating SIRT1 as well as other SIRT1-mediated signaling pathways. This review aims to summarize the correlation between SIRT1 and AD and to identify in vivo and in vitro studies investigating the anti-AD properties of natural molecules as modulators of SIRT1 and SIRT1-mediated signaling pathways. A literature search was conducted for studies published between January 2000 and October 2022 using various literature databases, including Web of Science, PubMed, Google Scholar, Science Direct, and EMBASE. Natural molecules, such as resveratrol, quercetin, icariin, bisdemethoxycurcumin, dihydromyricetin, salidroside, patchouli, sesamin, rhein, ligustilide, tetramethoxyflavanone, 1-theanine, schisandrin, curcumin, betaine, pterostilbene, ampelopsin, schisanhenol, and eriodictyol, have the potential to modulate SIRT1 and SIRT1 signaling pathways, thereby combating AD. The natural molecules modulating SIRT1 discussed in this review provide a potentially novel multi-mechanistic therapeutic strategy for AD. However, future clinical trials need to be conducted to further investigate their beneficial properties and to determine the safety and efficacy of SIRT1 natural activators against AD. © 2023 The Authors
Effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common endocrine disease. Altered gut microbiota (Dysbiosis) is closely associated with development of T2DM. Growing body of evidence hypothesized that probiotics intake may be useful for patients with T2DM. We investigated the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with T2DM. Methods: In this 12-week randomized controlled clinical trial, seventy-two patients with T2DM were randomly assigned to the intervention group (IG) that received 200 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 4.65 × 106 CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or placebo group (PG) that received 200 g/d conventional yogurt. Results: We found no difference between two groups in fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-c) after intervention. After adjusting for baseline values of covariate, a significant reduction in HbA1c (mean change: −0.76 ± 1.3 vs. −0.15 ± 1.3; P = 0.01), TC (mean change: −10.61 ± 27.8 vs. −2.97 ± 35.0; P = 0.02) and LDL-c (mean change: −8.62 ± 21.7 vs. 0.02 ± 25.8; P = 0.004) was observed in the IG compared to the PG. In addition, a non-significant trend to reduction was observed in term of FPG (mean change: −19.61 ± 29.1 vs. −4.19 ± 24.2; P = 0.13). TG and HDL-c remained unchanged. Conclusions: Probiotic yogurt consumption may be useful for patients with T2DM. More well-designed clinical trials with longer intervention duration are required. Registered on 30 July 2022 at Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220226054125N1) with URL: https://www.irct.ir/trial/62304. © 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Multi-Omics Data Integration Reveals Key Variables Contributing to Subgingival Microbiome Dysbiosis-Induced Inflammatory Response in a Hyperglycemic Microenvironment; Subgingival microbiome dysbiosis promotes the development of periodontitis, an irreversible chronic inflammatory disease associated with metabolic diseases. However, studies regarding the effects of a hyperglycemic microenvironment on host–microbiome interactions and host inflammatory response during periodontitis are still scarce. Here, we investigated the impacts of a hyperglycemic microenvironment on the inflammatory response and transcriptome of a gingival coculture model stimulated with dysbiotic subgingival microbiomes. HGF-1 cells overlaid with U937 macrophage-like cells were stimulated with subgingival microbiomes collected from four healthy donors and four patients with periodontitis. Pro-inflammatory cytokines and matrix metalloproteinases were measured while the coculture RNA was submitted to a microarray analysis. Subgingival microbiomes were submitted to 16s rRNA gene sequencing. Data were analyzed using an advanced multi-omics bioinformatic data integration model. Our results show that the genes krt76, krt27, pnma5, mansc4, rab41, thoc6, tm6sf2, and znf506 as well as the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1β, GM-CSF, FGF2, IL-10, the metalloproteinases MMP3 and MMP8, and bacteria from the ASV 105, ASV 211, ASV 299, Prevotella, Campylobacter and Fretibacterium genera are key intercorrelated variables contributing to periodontitis-induced inflammatory response in a hyperglycemic microenvironment. In conclusion, our multi-omics integration analysis unveiled the complex interrelationships involved in the regulation of periodontal inflammation in response to a hyperglycemic microenvironment. © 2023 by the authors.
NOD-like Receptors—Emerging Links to Obesity and Associated Morbidities; Obesity and its associated metabolic morbidities have been and still are on the rise, posing a major challenge to health care systems worldwide. It has become evident over the last decades that a low-grade inflammatory response, primarily proceeding from the adipose tissue (AT), essentially contributes to adiposity-associated comorbidities, most prominently insulin resistance (IR), atherosclerosis and liver diseases. In mouse models, the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as TNF-alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin (IL)-1β and the imprinting of immune cells to a pro-inflammatory phenotype in AT play an important role. However, the underlying genetic and molecular determinants are not yet understood in detail. Recent evidence demonstrates that nucleotide-binding and oligomerization domain (NOD)-like receptor (NLR) family proteins, a group of cytosolic pattern recognition receptors (PRR), contribute to the development and control of obesity and obesity-associated inflammatory responses. In this article, we review the current state of research on the role of NLR proteins in obesity and discuss the possible mechanisms leading to and the outcomes of NLR activation in the obesity-associated morbidities IR, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), atherosclerosis and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and discuss emerging ideas about possibilities for NLR-based therapeutic interventions of metabolic diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal Diet Quality During Pregnancy and Offspring Hepatic Fat in Early Childhood: The Healthy Start Study; Background: Overnutrition in utero may increase offspring risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the specific contribution of maternal diet quality during pregnancy to this association remains understudied in humans. Objectives: This study aimed to examine the associations of maternal diet quality during pregnancy with offspring hepatic fat in early childhood (median: 5 y old, range: 4–8 y old). Methods: Data were from 278 mother–child pairs in the longitudinal, Colorado-based Healthy Start Study. Multiple 24-h recalls were collected from mothers during pregnancy on a monthly basis (median: 3 recalls, range: 1–8 recalls starting after enrollment), and used to estimate maternal usual nutrient intakes and dietary pattern scores [Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII), and Relative Mediterranean Diet Score (rMED)]. Offspring hepatic fat was measured in early childhood by MRI. Associations of maternal dietary predictors during pregnancy with offspring log-transformed hepatic fat were assessed using linear regression models adjusted for offspring demographics, maternal/perinatal confounders, and maternal total energy intake. Results: Higher maternal fiber intake and rMED scores during pregnancy were associated with lower offspring hepatic fat in early childhood in fully adjusted models [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 0.82 (0.72, 0.94) per 5 g/1000 kcal fiber; 0.93 (0.88, 0.99) per 1 SD for rMED]. In contrast, higher maternal total sugar and added sugar intakes, and DII scores were associated with higher offspring hepatic fat [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 1.18 (1.05, 1.32) per 5% kcal/d added sugar; 1.08 (0.99, 1.18) per 1 SD for DII]. Analyses of dietary pattern subcomponents also revealed that lower maternal intakes of green vegetables and legumes and higher intake of “empty calories” were associated with higher offspring hepatic fat in early childhood. Conclusions: Poorer maternal diet quality during pregnancy was associated with greater offspring susceptibility to hepatic fat in early childhood. Our findings provide insights into potential perinatal targets for the primordial prevention of pediatric NAFLD. © 2023 American Society for Nutrition
Maternal insulin resistance in pregnancy is associated with fetal fat deposition: findings from a longitudinal study; Background: Newborns exhibit substantial variation in fat mass accretion over gestation. These individual differences in newborn adiposity extend into infancy and childhood and relate to subsequent risk of obesity and metabolic dysregulation. Maternal glucose homeostasis in pregnancy has been proposed as an underlying mechanism; however, the timing in gestation when maternal glucose regulation influences the progression of fetal fat deposition remain unclear. Objective: This study aimed to investigate the cross-sectional and longitudinal association of maternal insulin resistance in early, mid, and late pregnancy with fetal fat deposition in uncomplicated pregnancies. We hypothesized that maternal insulin resistance at early, mid, and late gestation is positively associated with fetal fat deposition, and that the magnitude of the association is greater for the mid and late gestation measures than for the early gestation measure. Study Design: In a longitudinal study of 137 low-risk pregnancies, a fasting maternal blood sample was obtained and fetal ultrasonography was performed at ≈ 12, 20, and 30 weeks’ gestation. Maternal insulin resistance was quantified using the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (fasting insulin×fasting glucose/405). Estimated fetal adiposity was calculated by integrating measurements of cross-sectional arm and thigh percentage fat area and anterior abdominal wall thickness. The associations between maternal homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and estimated fetal adiposity and estimated fetal weight were determined by multiple linear regression adjusted for potential confounding factors including maternal age, parity, race and ethnicity, prepregnancy body mass index, gestational weight gain per week, fetal sex, and gestational age at assessments. Results: Maternal homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance at ≈ 12, 20, and 30 weeks was 2.79±1.79 (±standard deviation), 2.78±1.54, and 3.76±2.30, respectively. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance at 20 weeks was positively associated with estimated fetal adiposity at 20 weeks (r=0.261; P=.005). Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance at 20 weeks (r=0.215; P=.011) and 30 weeks (r=0.285; P=.001) were also positively associated with estimated fetal adiposity at 30 weeks. These relationships remained significant after adjustment for confounding factors. There was no significant correlation between homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and estimated fetal weight at 20 and 30 weeks’ gestation. Conclusion: In low-risk pregnancies, maternal insulin resistance at mid and late but not early pregnancy is significantly associated with fetal adiposity but not with fetal weight. Maternal insulin resistance in mid-gestation could provide a basis for risk identification and interventions that target child adiposity. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Preeclampsia Affects Lipid Metabolism and HDL Function in Mothers and Their Offspring; Preeclampsia (PE) is linked to an overall increased cardiovascular risk for both the mother and child. Functional impairment of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) may contribute to the excess cardiovascular risk associated with PE. In this study, we investigated the effects of PE on maternal and neonatal lipid metabolism, and the parameters of HDL composition and function. The study cohort included 32 normotensive pregnant women, 18 women diagnosed with early-onset PE, and 14 women with late-onset PE. In mothers, early- and late-onset PE was associated with atherogenic dyslipidemia, characterized by high plasma triglycerides and low HDL-cholesterol levels. We observed a shift from large HDL to smaller HDL subclasses in early-onset PE, which was associated with an increased plasma antioxidant capacity in mothers. PE was further associated with markedly increased levels of HDL-associated apolipoprotein (apo) C-II in mothers, and linked to the triglyceride content of HDL. In neonates of early-onset PE, total cholesterol levels were increased, whereas HDL cholesterol efflux capacity was markedly reduced in neonates from late-onset PE. In conclusion, early- and late-onset PE profoundly affect maternal lipid metabolism, potentially contributing to disease manifestation and increased cardiovascular risk later in life. PE is also associated with changes in neonatal HDL composition and function, demonstrating that complications of pregnancy affect neonatal lipoprotein metabolism. © 2023 by the authors.
Regulatory effects and mechanisms of branched chain amino acids and metabolic intermediates on insulin resistance; Branched chain amino acids, as essential amino acids, can be used to synthesize nitrogen-containing compounds and also act as signal molecules to regulate substance metabolism. Studies have shown that the elevated level of branched chain amino acids is closely related to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. It can affect insulin signal transduction by activating mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signal pathway, and regulate insulin resistance by damaging lipid metabolism and affecting mitochondrial function. In addition, abnormal catabolism of branched amino acids can lead to the accumulation of metabolic intermediates, such as branched chain α-keto acids, 3-hydroxyisobutyrate and β-aminoisobutyric acid. Branched chain α-keto acids and 3-hydroxyisobutyrate can induce insulin resistance by affecting insulin signaling pathway and damaging lipid metabolism. β-aminoisobutyric acid can improve insulin resistance by reducing lipid accumulation and inflammatory reaction and enhancing fatty acid oxidation. This paper systematically reviewed the regulatory effects and mechanisms of branched chain amino acids and their metabolic intermediates on insulin resistance, which will provide a new direction for the prevention and treatment of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. © 2022 Science Press. All rights reserved.
Leveraging the future of diagnosis and management of diabetes: From old indexes to new technologies; Background: Diabetes is a heterogeneous and multifactorial disease. However, glycemia and glycated hemoglobin have been the focus of diabetes diagnosis and management for the last decades. As diabetes management goes far beyond glucose control, it has become clear that assessment of other biochemical parameters gives a much wider view of the metabolic state of each individual, enabling a precision medicine approach. Methods: In this review, we summarize and discuss indexes that have been used in epidemiological studies and in the clinical practice. Results: Indexes of insulin secretion, sensitivity/resistance and metabolism have been developed and validated over the years to account also with insulin, C-peptide, triglycerides or even anthropometric measures. Nevertheless, each one has their own objective and consequently, advantages and disadvantages for specific cases. Thus, we discuss how new technologies, namely new sensors but also new softwares/applications, can improve the diagnosis and management of diabetes, both for healthcare professionals but also for caretakers and, importantly, to promote the empowerment of people living with diabetes. Conclusions: In long-term, the solution for a better diabetes management would be a platform that allows to integrate all sorts of relevant information for the person with diabetes and for the healthcare practitioners, namely glucose, insulin and C-peptide or, in case of need, other parameters/indexes at home, sometimes more than once a day. This solution would allow a better and simpler disease management, more adequate therapeutics thereby improving patients' quality of life and reducing associated costs. © 2022 The Authors. European Journal of Clinical Investigation published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Nuciferine Effectively Protects Mice against Acetaminophen-Induced Liver Injury; Acetaminophen (APAP) overdose still poses a major clinical challenge and is a leading cause of acute liver injury (ALI). N-acetylcysteine (NAC) is the only approved antidote to treat APAP toxicity while NAC therapy can trigger side effects including severe vomiting and even shock. Thus, new insights in developing novel therapeutic drugs may pave the way for better treatment of APAP poisoning. Previous research has reported that nuciferine (Nuci) possesses anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. Therefore, the objective of this study was proposed to investigate the hepatoprotective effects of Nuci and explore its underlying mechanisms. Mice were intraperitoneally (i.p.) administered with APAP (300 mg/kg) and subsequently injected with Nuci (25, 50, and 100 mg/kg, i.p.) at 30 min after APAP overdose. Then, all mice were sacrificed at 12 h after APAP challenge for further analysis. Nuci-treated mice did not show any side effects and our results revealed that treating Nuci significantly attenuated APAP-induced ALI, as confirmed by histopathological examinations, biochemical analysis, and diminished hepatic oxidative stress and inflammation. The in silico prediction and mRNA-sequencing analysis were performed to explore the underlying mechanisms of Nuci. GO and KEGG enrichment of the predicted target proteins of Nuci includes reactive oxygen species, drug metabolism of cytochrome P450 (CYP450) enzymes, and autophagy. Furthermore, the mRNA-sequencing analyses indicated that Nuci can regulate glutathione metabolic processes and anti-inflammatory responses. Consistently, we found that Nuci increased the hepatic glutathione restoration but decreased APAP protein adducts in damaged livers. Western blot analysis further confirmed that Nuci effectively promoted hepatic autophagy in APAP-treated mice. However, Nuci could not affect the expression levels of the main CYP450 enzymes (CYP1A2, CYP2E1, and CYP3A11). These results demonstrated that Nuci may be a potential therapeutic drug for APAP-induced ALI via amelioration of the inflammatory response and oxidative stress, regulation of APAP metabolism, and activation of autophagy. © 2023 by the authors.
Zonulin as a Potential Therapeutic Target in Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis Disorders: Encouraging Results and Emerging Questions; The relationship between dysbiosis and central nervous diseases has been proved in the last 10 years. Microbial alterations cause increased intestinal permeability, and the penetration of bacterial fragment and toxins induces local and systemic inflammatory processes, affecting distant organs, including the brain. Therefore, the integrity of the intestinal epithelial barrier plays a central role in the microbiota–gut–brain axis. In this review, we discuss recent findings on zonulin, an important tight junction regulator of intestinal epithelial cells, which is assumed to play a key role in maintaining of the blood–brain barrier function. In addition to focusing on the effect of microbiome on intestinal zonulin release, we also summarize potential pharmaceutical approaches to modulate zonulin-associated pathways with larazotide acetate and other zonulin receptor agonists or antagonists. The present review also addresses the emerging issues, including the use of misleading nomenclature or the unsolved questions about the exact protein sequence of zonulin. © 2023 by the authors.
Macrophage subsets and their role: co-relation with colony-stimulating factor-1 receptor and clinical relevance; Macrophages are one of the first innate immune cells to reach the site of infection or injury. Diverse functions from the uptake of pathogen or antigen, its killing, and presentation, the release of pro- or anti-inflammatory cytokines, activation of adaptive immune cells, clearing off tissue debris, tissue repair, and maintenance of tissue homeostasis have been attributed to macrophages. Besides tissue-resident macrophages, the circulating macrophages are recruited to different tissues to get activated. These are highly plastic cells, showing a spectrum of phenotypes depending on the stimulus received from their immediate environment. The macrophage differentiation requires colony-stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1) or macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), colony-stimulating factor-2 (CSF-2), or granulocyte–macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) and different stimuli activate them to different phenotypes. The richness of tissue macrophages is precisely controlled via the CSF-1 and CSF-1R axis. In this review, we have given an overview of macrophage origin via hematopoiesis/myelopoiesis, different phenotypes associated with macrophages, their clinical significance, and how they are altered in various diseases. We have specifically focused on the function of CSF-1/CSF-1R signaling in deciding macrophage fate and the outcome of aberrant CSF-1R signaling in relation to macrophage phenotype in different diseases. We further extend the review to briefly discuss the possible strategies to manipulate CSF-1R and its signaling with the recent updates. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
YY1 inactivated transcription co-regulator PGC-1α to promote mitochondrial dysfunction of early diabetic nephropathy-associated tubulointerstitial fibrosis; The development of diabetic nephropathy (DN) could be promoted by the occurrence of tubulointerstitial fibrosis (TIF), which had a closely relationship with mitochondrial dysfunction of renal tubular epithelial cells (RTECs). As a key regulator of metabolic homeostasis, Yin Yang 1 (YY1) played an important role not only in regulating fibrosis process, but also in maintaining mitochondrial function of pancreatic β cells. However, it was not clear whether YY1 participated in maintaining mitochondrial function of RTECs in early DN-associated TIF. In this study, we dynamically detected mitochondrial functions and protein expression of YY1 in db/db mice and high glucose (HG)-cultured HK-2 cells. Our results showed that comparing with the occurrence of TIF, the emergence of mitochondrial dysfunction of RTECs was an earlier even, besides the up-regulated and nuclear translocated YY1. Correlation analysis showed YY1 expressions were negatively associated with PGC-1α in vitro and in vivo. Further mechanism research demonstrated the formation of mTOR-YY1 heterodimer induced by HG upregulated YY1, the nuclear translocation of which inactivated PGC-1α by binding to the PGC-1α promoter. Overexpression of YY1 induced mitochondrial dysfunctions in normal glucose cultured HK-2 cells and 8-week-old db/m mice. While, dysfunctional mitochondria induced by HG could be improved by knockdown of YY1. Finally, downregulation of YY1 could retard the progression of TIF by preventing mitochondrial functions, resulting in the improvement of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in early DN. These findings suggested that YY1 was a novel regulator of mitochondrial function of RTECs and contributed to the occurrence of early DN-associated TIF. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Associations of urinary 1,3-butadiene metabolite with glucose homeostasis, prediabetes, and diabetes in the US general population: Role of alkaline phosphatase; The chemical – 1,3-butadiene (BD) is a volatile organic compound ubiquitous in the environment. However, the relationships and underlying mechanisms between BD exposure and glucose dyshomeostasis and diabetes in the general population remain unclear. We sought to explore the associations of BD exposure with glucose homeostasis, prediabetes, and diabetes, as well as the role of serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP) in these associations. This study included 5092 US general residents from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey with measurements of urinary BD metabolite (N-Acetyl-S-(3,4-dihydroxybutyl)-L-cysteine, DHBMA) and serum ALP. Glucose homeostasis was evaluated by fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting serum insulin (FINS), glycohemoglobin (HbA1c), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). HOMA-IR>2.6 was considered as insulin resistance (IR). Prediabetes and diabetes were determined according to the recommendations of the American Diabetes Association. The associations of DHBMA with glucose homeostasis, prediabetes, and diabetes were assessed by linear regression models and logistic regression models. The mediating role of ALP was evaluated by mediation analysis. We observed positive dose-response relationships of DHBMA level with glucose homeostasis indices and ALP levels, as well as with the risks of prediabetes and diabetes (all P < 0.05 and/or P for trend <0.05). Each 2-fold increase in DHBMA was associated with a 1.32%, 9.20%, 0.72%, and 10.64% increase in FPG, FINS, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR, respectively (all P < 0.05). And the corresponding odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for IR, prediabetes, and diabetes were 1.36 (1.14, 1.61), 1.51 (1.26, 1.83), and 1.20 (0.90, 1.61), respectively. Furthermore, increased ALP significantly mediated 15.29%–41.12% of the associations of DHBMA with glucose dyshomeostasis and increased risks of prediabetes and diabetes. Our findings indicated that BD exposure was associated with glucose dyshomeostasis and increased risks of prediabetes and diabetes. The upregulation of ALP might play a significant role in these associations. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
“Golden” Tomato Consumption Ameliorates Metabolic Syndrome: A Focus on the Redox Balance in the High-Fat-Diet-Fed Rat; Tomato fruits defined as “golden” refer to a food product harvested at an incomplete ripening stage with respect to red tomatoes at full maturation. The aim of this study is to explore the putative influence of “golden tomato” (GT) on Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), especially focusing on the effects on redox homeostasis. Firstly, the differential chemical properties of the GT food matrix were characterized in terms of phytonutrient composition and antioxidant capacities with respect to red tomato (RT). Later, we assessed the biochemical, nutraceutical and eventually disease-modifying potential of GT in vivo in the high-fat-diet rat model of MetS. Our data revealed that GT oral supplementation is able to counterbalance MetS-induced biometric and metabolic modifications. Noteworthy is that this nutritional supplementation proved to reduce plasma oxidant status and improve the endogenous antioxidant barriers, assessed by strong systemic biomarkers. Furthermore, consistently with the reduction of hepatic reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (RONS) levels, treatment with GT markedly reduced the HFD-induced increase in hepatic lipid peroxidation and hepatic steatosis. This research elucidates the importance of food supplementation with GT in the prevention and management of MetS. © 2023 by the authors.
A Century-long Journey From the Discovery of Insulin to the Implantation of Stem Cell–derived Islets; For the past century, insulin injections have saved millions of lives, but glycemic instability is still a persistent challenge for people with diabetes, leading to tremendous morbidity and premature mortality. Research in the field of islet transplantation has demonstrated that replacing insulin-producing β cells can restore euglycemia comparable to individuals without diabetes. However, a short supply of cadaveric islet donors, the technically challenging process of isolating islets, and the requirement for chronic immune suppression have impeded widespread clinical adoption. Rather than relying on cadaveric cells, pluripotent stem cells could serve as a virtually unlimited supply of insulin-producing β cells. Protocols have been developed that mimic the normal in vivo development of the human pancreas to generate pancreatic progenitor cells in vitro. Ongoing investigations have yielded progressively more mature β-like cells in vitro that produce insulin but do not yet fully mimic healthy mature β cells. Alongside development of differentiation protocols, other work has provided insight into potential implantation sites for stem cell–derived islet cells including the subcutaneous space, portal vein, and omentum. To optimize implanted cell survival and function, development of immune modulation therapies is ongoing, including selection of immunomodulatory medications and genetic modification of implanted cells to evade immune responses. Further, macroencapsulation or microencapsulation devices could be used to contain and/or immunoprotect implanted cells from the immune response including by using 3-dimensional bioprinting to facilitate the process. Remarkably, ongoing clinical trials have now yielded the first patient relying on differentiated stem cells rather than syringes as their insulin replacement therapy. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Believe It or ‘Nut’: Why It Is Time to Set the Record Straight on Nut Protein Quality: Pistachio (Pistacia vera L.) Focus; There are growing public health movements to transition towards diets that are plant-based. However, confusion exists with concerns that plant-based proteins (including nuts) may be inferior with respect to protein quality. The present publication evaluates the evolution of protein quality concepts and explains the protein science related to pistachios. Pistachio nuts are a plant-based complete protein providing all nine EAAs in addition to an array of nutrients and phytochemicals. They have a PDCAAS of 73 and 81%, (raw and roasted pistachios, respectively), higher than that of many other tree nuts. From an environmental perspective transitioning towards plant-based diets (including nuts) could have potential to reduce total/green water footprints. Dietary guidelines are evolving yet nuts such as pistachios do not always have a clear place within these. Now appears to be a pertinent time to look at protein quality from the perspective of whole daily diets and dietary patterns, factoring in both health and environmental outcomes. Given updated modes of thinking, nuts such as pistachios have an important role to play in terms of providing ready-to-eat, good-quality, plant-based protein within daily diets. © 2023 by the authors.
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (PFAS) Mixture during Pregnancy and Postpartum Weight Retention in the New Hampshire Birth Cohort Study (NHBCS); Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), widely used in industrial and consumer products, are suspected metabolic disruptors. We examined the association between a PFAS mixture during pregnancy and postpartum weight retention in 482 participants from the New Hampshire Birth Cohort Study. PFAS concentrations, including perfluorohexane sulfonate, perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), perfluorooctanoate (PFOA), perfluorononanoate (PFNA), and perfluorodecanoate, were quantified in maternal plasma collected at ~28 gestational weeks. Postpartum weight change was calculated as the difference between self-reported weight from a postpartum survey administered in 2020 and pre-pregnancy weight abstracted from medical records. Associations between PFAS and postpartum weight change were examined using Bayesian kernel machine regression and multivariable linear regression, adjusting for demographic, reproductive, dietary, and physical activity factors; gestational week of blood sample collection; and enrollment year. PFOS, PFOA, and PFNA were positively associated with postpartum weight retention, and associations were stronger among participants with a higher pre-pregnancy body mass index. A doubling of PFOS, PFOA, and PFNA concentrations was associated with a 1.76 kg (95%CI: 0.31, 3.22), 1.39 kg (−0.27, 3.04), and 1.04 kg (−0.19, 2.28) greater postpartum weight retention, respectively, among participants who had obesity/overweight prior to pregnancy. Prenatal PFAS exposure may be associated with increased postpartum weight retention. © 2023 by the authors.
Incident type 2 diabetes attributable to suboptimal diet in 184 countries; The global burden of diet-attributable type 2 diabetes (T2D) is not well established. This risk assessment model estimated T2D incidence among adults attributable to direct and body weight-mediated effects of 11 dietary factors in 184 countries in 1990 and 2018. In 2018, suboptimal intake of these dietary factors was estimated to be attributable to 14.1 million (95% uncertainty interval (UI), 13.8–14.4 million) incident T2D cases, representing 70.3% (68.8–71.8%) of new cases globally. Largest T2D burdens were attributable to insufficient whole-grain intake (26.1% (25.0–27.1%)), excess refined rice and wheat intake (24.6% (22.3–27.2%)) and excess processed meat intake (20.3% (18.3–23.5%)). Across regions, highest proportional burdens were in central and eastern Europe and central Asia (85.6% (83.4–87.7%)) and Latin America and the Caribbean (81.8% (80.1–83.4%)); and lowest proportional burdens were in South Asia (55.4% (52.1–60.7%)). Proportions of diet-attributable T2D were generally larger in men than in women and were inversely correlated with age. Diet-attributable T2D was generally larger among urban versus rural residents and higher versus lower educated individuals, except in high-income countries, central and eastern Europe and central Asia, where burdens were larger in rural residents and in lower educated individuals. Compared with 1990, global diet-attributable T2D increased by 2.6 absolute percentage points (8.6 million more cases) in 2018, with variation in these trends by world region and dietary factor. These findings inform nutritional priorities and clinical and public health planning to improve dietary quality and reduce T2D globally. © 2023, The Author(s).
Performance Analysis and Assessment of Type 2 Diabetes Screening Scores in Patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are worldwide chronic diseases that have strong relationships with one another and commonly exist together. Type 2 diabetes is considered one of the risk factors for NAFLD, so its occurrence in people with NAFLD is highly likely. As the high and increasing number of T2D and NAFLD, which potentially followed by existing together number, an analysis and assessment of T2D screening scores in people with NAFLD is necessary to be done. To prevent this potential case, an effective early prediction model is also required to be developed, which could help the patients avoid the dangers of both existing diseases. Therefore, in this study, analysis and assessment of T2D screening scores in people with NAFLD and the early prediction model utilizing a forward logistic regression-based feature selection method and multi-layer perceptrons are proposed. Our analysis and assessment results showed that the prevalence of T2D among patients with NAFLD was 8.13% (for prediabetes) and 37.19% (for diabetes) in two population-based NAFLD datasets. The variables related to clinical tests, such as alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), and systolic blood pressure (SBP), were found to be statistically significant predictors (p-values < 0.001) that indicate a strong association with T2D among patients with NAFLD in both the prediabetes and diabetes NAFLD datasets. Finally, our proposed model showed the best performance in terms of all performance evaluation metrics compared to existing various machine learning models and also the models using variables recommended by WHO/CDC/ADA, with achieved accuracy as much as 92.11% and 83.05% and its improvement scores after feature selection of 1.35% and 5.35%, for the first and second dataset, respectively. © 2023 by the authors.
BPA and its alternatives BPF and BPAF exaggerate hepatic lipid metabolism disorders in male mice fed a high fat diet; Alternatives to Bisphenol A (BPA), such as BPF and BPAF, have found increasing industrial applications. However, toxicological research on these BPA analogues remains limited. This study aimed to investigate the effects of BPA, BPF, and BPAF exposure on hepatotoxicity in mice fed with high-fat diets (HFD). Male mice were exposed to the bisphenols at a dose of 0.05 mg per kg body weight per day (mg/kg bw/day) for eight consecutive weeks, or 5 mg/kg bw/day for the first week followed by 0.05 mg/kg bw/day for seven weeks under HFD. The low dose (0.05 mg/kg bw/day) was corresponding to the tolerable daily intake (TDI) of BPA and the high dose (5 mg/kg bw/day) was corresponding to its no observed adverse effect level (NOAEL). Biochemical analysis revealed that exposure to these bisphenols resulted in liver damage. Metabolomics analysis showed disturbances of fatty acid and lipid metabolism in bisphenol-exposed mouse livers. BPF and BPAF exposure reduced lipid accumulation in HFD mouse liver by lowering glyceride and cholesterol levels. Transcriptomics analysis demonstrated that expression levels of genes related to fatty acid synthesis and metabolism were changed, which might be related to the activation of the PPAR signaling pathway. Besides, a feedback regulation mechanism might exist to maintain hepatic metabolic homeostasis. For the first time, this study demonstrated the effects of BPF and BPAF exposure in HFD-mouse liver. Considering the reality of the high prevalence of obesity nowadays and the ubiquitous environmental distribution of bisphenols, this study provides insight and highlights the adverse effects of BPA alternatives, further contributing to the consideration of the safe use of such compounds. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Literature Review: The sFlt1/PlGF Ratio and Pregestational Maternal Comorbidities: New Risk Factors to Predict Pre-Eclampsia; One of the main causes of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality is pre-eclampsia. It is characterized by a high sFlt1/PlGF ratio, according to prior research. Pregestational diseases in mothers may increase the risk of developing pre-eclampsia. Only a few studies have looked at the connection between maternal comorbidities before conception and the sFlt1/PlGF ratio. The most recent information regarding the association between maternal pregestational diseases and the ratio of sFlt1/PlGF is described in this review. The paper also examines current research suggesting that changes in pregnancy hormones and metabolites are related to a high sFlt1/PlGF ratio. Certain maternal disorders have been found to dramatically raise sFlt-1 and sFlt1/PlGF levels, according to an analysis of the literature. There is still debate about the data on the association between the sFlt1/PlGF ratio and maternal disorders such as HIV, acute coronary syndromes, cardiovascular function in the mother between 19 and 23 weeks of pregnancy, thyroid hormones, diabetes, and cancer. Additional research is needed to confirm these findings. © 2023 by the authors.
Chewing the fat: How lipidomics is changing our understanding of human health and disease in 2022; Lipids are biological molecules that play vital roles in all living organisms. They perform many cellular functions, such as 1) forming cellular and subcellular membranes, 2) storing and using energy, and 3) serving as chemical messengers during intra- and inter-cellular signal transduction. The large-scale study of the pathways and networks of cellular lipids in biological systems is called “lipidomics” and is one of the fastest-growing omics technologies of the last two decades. With state-of-the-art mass spectrometry instrumentation and sophisticated data handling, clinical studies show how human lipid composition changes in health and disease, thereby making it a valuable medium to collect for clinical applications, such as disease diagnostics, therapeutic decision-making, and drug development. This review gives a comprehensive overview of current workflows used in clinical research, from sample collection and preparation to data and clinical interpretations. This is followed by an appraisal of applications in 2022 and a perspective on the exciting future of clinical lipidomics. © 2023 The Authors. Analytical Science Advances published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Mitochondrial Dysfunction: A Cellular and Molecular Hub in Pathology of Metabolic Diseases and Infection; Mitochondria are semiautonomous doubly membraned intracellular components of cells. The organelle comprises of an external membrane, followed by coiled structures within the membrane called cristae, which are further surrounded by the matrix spaces followed by the space between the external and internal membrane of the organelle. A typical eukaryotic cell contains thousands of mitochondria within it, which make up 25% of the cytoplasm present in the cell. The organelle acts as a common point for the metabolism of glucose, lipids, and glutamine. Mitochondria chiefly regulate oxidative phosphorylation-mediated aerobic respiration and the TCA cycle and generate energy in the form of ATP to fulfil the cellular energy needs. The organelle possesses a unique supercoiled doubly stranded mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) which encodes several proteins, including rRNA and tRNA crucial for the transport of electrons, oxidative phosphorylation, and initiating genetic repair processors. Defects in the components of mitochondria act as the principal factor for several chronic cellular diseases. The dysfunction of mitochondria can cause a malfunction in the TCA cycle and cause the leakage of the electron respiratory chain, leading to an increase in reactive oxygen species and the signaling of aberrant oncogenic and tumor suppressor proteins, which further alter the pathways involved in metabolism, disrupt redox balance, and induce endurance towards apoptosis and several treatments which play a major role in developing several chronic metabolic conditions. The current review presents the knowledge on the aspects of mitochondrial dysfunction and its role in cancer, diabetes mellitus, infections, and obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
Dietary magnesium intakes among women of reproductive age in Ghana-A comparison of two dietary analysis programs; Background Despite the importance of magnesium to health and most importantly to women of reproductive age who are entering pregnancy, very few surveys have investigated the magnesium status of women of reproductive age, particularly in Africa. Additionally, the software and programs used to analyze dietary intake vary across countries in the region. Objective To assess the dietary magnesium intake of women of reproductive age in Ghana and to compare the estimate of magnesium intake obtained from two commonly used dietary analysis programs. Methods We collected magnesium intake from 63 Ghanaian women using a semiquantitative 150-item food frequency questionnaire. Dietary data was analyzed using two different dietary analysis programs, Nutrient Data Software for Research (NDSR) and the Elizabeth Stewart Hands and Associates (ESHA) Food Processor Nutrition Analysis software. We used the Wilcoxon signed rank test to compare the mean differences between the two dietary programs. Results There were significant differences between the average dietary magnesium intake calculated by the two dietary programs, with ESHA estimating higher magnesium intake than NDSR (M±SE; ESHA: 200 ± 12 mg/day; NDSR: 168 ± 11 mg/day; p<0. 05). The ESHA database included some ethnic foods and was flexible in terms of searching for food items which we found to be more accurate in assessing the magnesium intake of women in Ghana. Using the ESHA software, 84% of the study women had intake below the recommended dietary allowances (RDA) of 320mg/day. Conclusion It is possible that the ESHA software provided an accurate estimate of magnesium in this population because it included specific ethnic foods. Concerted efforts such as magnesium supplementation and nutrition education should be considered to improve the magnesium intake of women of reproductive age in Ghana. © 2023 Bentil et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Triglycerides Mediate the Relationship Between Maternal Free Thyroxine and Birth Weight: A Prospective Cohort Study from China; Background: Fetal overgrowth (large for gestational age, LGA) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal morbidity and adverse health outcomes. Thyroid hormones are key regulators of metabolism during pregnancy and fetal development. Lower maternal free thyroxine (fT4) and higher maternal triglyceride (TG) levels during early pregnancy are associated with higher birth weight. We aimed at examining the mediating role of maternal TG in the association between maternal fT4 and birth weight. Methods: We performed a large prospective cohort study including pregnant Chinese women who were treated at a tertiary obstetric center during the period of January 2016 to December 2018. We included 35,914 participants with complete medical records. We performed causal mediation analysis to decompose the overall effect of fT4 on birth weight and LGA with maternal TG as the mediator. Results: We observed statistically significant associations between maternal fT4, TG levels, and birth weight (all p < 0.0001). Using a four-way decomposition model, we identified a controlled direct effect (coefficient [confidence interval, CI], -0.038 [-0.047 to -0.029], p < 0.0001) that accounted for 63.9% of the total effect, in addition to the other three estimated effects (reference interaction, coefficient [CI] = -0.006 [-0.009 to -0.001], p = 0.008; mediated interaction, coefficient [CI] = 0.0004 [0.000 to 0.001], p = 0.008; and pure indirect effect, coefficient [CI] = -0.009 [-0.013 to -0.005], p < 0.0001) of TG on the association between fT4 and birth weight Z score. Moreover, maternal TG accounted for 21.6% and 20.7% (via mediation) and 13.6% and 41.6% (via maternal fT4 and TG interaction) of the total effect of maternal fT4 on fetal birth weight and LGA, respectively. The proportions of the total associations that could be reduced by "eliminating"the effect of maternal TG were 36.1% for birth weight and 65.1% for LGA, respectively. Conclusions: High maternal TG levels may play substantial mediating roles in the relationship between low fT4 levels in early pregnancy and increased birth weight and a higher risk of LGA. Further, the occurrence of fetal overgrowth may also be influenced by possible synergistic effects between fT4 and TG.  Copyright © 2023 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Clinical advances: Pregnancy in gastroenterologic and hepatic conditions; The fields of gastroenterology and hepatology, along with endoscopic practice, have seen significant changes and innovations to practice in just the past few years. These practice changes are not limited to gastroenterology, but maternal fetal medicine and the care of the pregnant person have become increasingly more sophisticated as well. Gastroenterologists are frequently called on to provide consultative input and/or perform endoscopy during pregnancy. To be able to provide the best possible care to these patients, gastroenterologists need to be aware of (and familiar with) the various nuances and caveats related to the care of pregnant patients who either have underlying gastrointestinal (GI) conditions or present with GI and liver disorders. Here, we offer a clinical update with references more recent than 2018, along with a few words about SARS-CoV-2 infection and its relevance to pregnancy.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Alterations in the Gut Microbiota in Pregnant Women with Pregestational Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Human gut dysbiosis is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM); however, the gut microbiome in pregnant women with pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus (PGDM) remains unexplored. We investigated the alterations in the gut microbiota composition in pregnant women with or without PGDM. The gut microbiota was examined using 16S rRNA sequencing data of 234 maternal fecal samples that were collected during the first (T1), second (T2), and third (T3) trimesters. The PGDM group presented a reduction in the number of gut bacteria taxonomies as the pregnancies progressed. Linear discriminant analyses revealed that Megamonas, Bacteroides, and Roseburia intestinalis were enriched in the PGDM group, whereas Bacteroides vulgatus, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Eubacterium rectale, Bacteroides uniformis, Eubacterium eligens, Subdoligranulum, Bacteroides fragilis, Dialister, Lachnospiraceae, Christensenellaceae R-7, Roseburia inulinivorans, Streptococcus oralis, Prevotella melaninogenica, Neisseria perflava, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides caccae, Veillonella dispar, and Haemophilus parainfluenzae were overrepresented in the control group. Correlation analyses showed that the PGDM-enriched taxa were correlated with higher blood glucose levels during pregnancy, whereas the taxonomic biomarkers of normoglycemic pregnancies exhibited negative correlations with glycemic traits. The microbial networks in the PGDM group comprised weaker microbial interactions than those in the control group. Our study reveals the distinct characteristics of the gut microbiota composition based on gestational ages between normoglycemic and PGDM pregnancies. Further longitudinal research involving women with T2DM at preconception stages and investigations using shotgun metagenomic sequencing should be performed to elucidate the relationships between specific bacterial functions and PGDM metabolic statuses during pregnancy and to identify potential therapeutic targets. © 2023 Ren et al.
Diabetes self-management education: Benefits and challenges; Diabetes mellitus has spread throughout many nations of the world and is now a serious threat. A lack of patient self-management has been linked to this drain on global health. The consequences of diabetic patients' poor self-management have increased a variety of complications and lengthened hospital stays. Poor information and skill acquisition have been linked to poor self-management. Participating in a co-operative approach known as diabetes self-management education will help diabetes patients who want to successfully self-manage their condition and any associated conditions. Information is one of the most important components of a diabetes management strategy. In conclusion, numerous studies have shown that patients with diabetes have poor self-management skills and knowledge in all areas, making training in diabetes self-management necessary to minimize the complications that may result from diabetes mellitus among the patients. This review discussed the severity of diabetes mellitus, diabetes self-management, and the benefits and challenges of diabetes self-management, which may aid individuals in understanding the significance of diabetes self-management and how it relates to diabetes self-care. © 2023 The Author(s). All rights reserved.
Re-evaluation of the risks to public health related to the presence of bisphenol A (BPA) in foodstuffs; In 2015, EFSA established a temporary tolerable daily intake (t-TDI) for BPA of 4 μg/kg body weight (bw) per day. In 2016, the European Commission mandated EFSA to re-evaluate the risks to public health from the presence of BPA in foodstuffs and to establish a tolerable daily intake (TDI). For this re-evaluation, a pre-established protocol was used that had undergone public consultation. The CEP Panel concluded that it is Unlikely to Very Unlikely that BPA presents a genotoxic hazard through a direct mechanism. Taking into consideration the evidence from animal data and support from human observational studies, the immune system was identified as most sensitive to BPA exposure. An effect on Th17 cells in mice was identified as the critical effect; these cells are pivotal in cellular immune mechanisms and involved in the development of inflammatory conditions, including autoimmunity and lung inflammation. A reference point (RP) of 8.2 ng/kg bw per day, expressed as human equivalent dose, was identified for the critical effect. Uncertainty analysis assessed a probability of 57–73% that the lowest estimated Benchmark Dose (BMD) for other health effects was below the RP based on Th17 cells. In view of this, the CEP Panel judged that an additional uncertainty factor (UF) of 2 was needed for establishing the TDI. Applying an overall UF of 50 to the RP, a TDI of 0.2 ng BPA/kg bw per day was established. Comparison of this TDI with the dietary exposure estimates from the 2015 EFSA opinion showed that both the mean and the 95th percentile dietary exposures in all age groups exceeded the TDI by two to three orders of magnitude. Even considering the uncertainty in the exposure assessment, the exceedance being so large, the CEP Panel concluded that there is a health concern from dietary BPA exposure. © 2023 European Food Safety Authority. EFSA Journal published by Wiley-VCH GmbH on behalf of European Food Safety Authority.
Metabolomic Characteristics of Cecum Contents in High-Fat-Diet-Induced Obese Mice Intervened with Different Fibers; The aim of this study was to demonstrate the effect of single or mixed fibers (arabinoxylan, β-glucan, xyloglucan, and inulin) on the metabolome of cecum content in mice with obesity caused by a high-fat diet. Twenty-eight six-week-old male mice were divided randomly into seven groups (n = 4/group), including a normal-diet group (CON), a high-fat-diet group (HFD), and groups with the same high-fat diet but supplemented with arabinoxylan (HFAX), arabinoxylan + β-glucan (HFAβ), arabinoxylan + xyloglucan (HFAG), xyloglucan (HFXG), and xyloglucan + inulin (HFXI). A total of 66 molecules were identified and quantified in cecum content by proton nuclear magnetic resonance (1 H-NMR). The metabolomic profiles combined with statistical analysis revealed compounds distinguishing the control group from those supplemented with fibers. In detail, a high-fat diet could significantly elevate the concentrations of acetone and methionine (p < 0.05) while decreasing the levels of methanol, arabinose, acetate, and 3-hydroxyphenylacetate (p < 0.05) in the cecum contents of mice. Compared to HFD, the supplementation caused higher levels of fumarate and hypoxanthine (p < 0.05) and lower levels of phenylacetate, acetate, fucose, formate, proline, betaine, and trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) (p < 0.05). An enrichment analysis highlighted that the pathways mainly altered were amino sugar metabolism, aspartate metabolism, and arginine and proline metabolism. In conclusion, non-starch polysaccharide (NSP) supplementation could change the metabolomic profiles of cecum contents in obese mice as a result of a high-fat diet. Moreover, mixed NSPs exhibited more beneficial effects than singular form on gut metabolism. © 2023 by the authors.
Advanced omics techniques shed light on CD1d-mediated lipid antigen presentation to iNKT cells; Invariant natural killer T cells (iNKT cells) can be activated through binding antigenic lipid/CD1d complexes to their TCR. Antigenic lipids are processed, loaded, and displayed in complex with CD1d by lipid antigen presenting cells (LAPCs). The mechanism of lipid antigen presentation via CD1d is highly conserved with recent work showing adipocytes are LAPCs that, besides having a role in lipid storage, can activate iNKT cells and play an important role in systemic metabolic disease. Recent studies shed light on parameters potentially dictating cytokine output and how obesity-associated metabolic disease may affect such parameters. By following a lipid antigen's journey, we identify five key areas which may dictate cytokine skew: co-stimulation, structural properties of the lipid antigen, stability of lipid antigen/CD1d complexes, intracellular and extracellular pH, and intracellular and extracellular lipid environment. Recent publications indicate that the combination of advanced omics-type approaches and machine learning may be a fruitful way to interconnect these 5 areas, with the ultimate goal to provide new insights for therapeutic exploration. © 2023 The Authors
Correlation between thyroid function, sensitivity to thyroid hormones and metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease in euthyroid subjects with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes; Purpose: To estimate the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and to evaluate the associations between thyroid parameters, MAFLD and liver fibrosis in euthyroid patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Overall, 776 patients with newly diagnosed T2DM and 120 subjects without diabetes were included. All the participants were euthyroid, and were categorized as non-MAFLD and MAFLD. Demographic information, biochemical parameters, and serum thyroid hormones were collected. The thyroid hormone sensitivity indices were calculated. MAFLD was defined according to abdominal ultrasound and clinical manifestations. Noninvasive fibrosis indices were calculated to identify advanced liver fibrosis. Results: The prevalence of MAFLD was significantly higher in patients with T2DM than in subjects without diabetes. Levels of free triiodothyronine (FT3) and FT3 to free thyroxine (FT4) ratio were significantly higher in subjects with MAFLD. In patients with T2DM, levels of thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), Thyroid feedback quantile-based index (TFQIFT3) calculated using FT3 and TSH, thyrotroph T3 resistance index (TT3RI) and thyrotroph T4 resistance index (TT4RI) were significantly higher in subjects with MAFLD. The prevalence of MAFLD increased with the rise of FT3, FT3/FT4, TSH, and sensitivity to thyroid hormone indices (TFQIFT3, TT3RI, and TT4RI). But significant correlations were not found between thyroid hormones, sensitivity to thyroid hormones and MAFLD, after adjustment for BMI and HOMA-IR. The incidence of advanced fibrosis tended to increase as the rise of TSH and sensitivity to thyroid hormone indices (TFQIFT3, TT3RI, TT4RI, and TSHI). Conclusion: MAFLD was prevalent in euthyroid patients with newly diagnosed T2DM. Higher normal FT3, TSH and impaired sensitivity to thyroid hormones are associated with increased incidence of MAFLD, being dependent on other metabolic factors. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Molecular links between metabolome and epigenome: AMPK-TET2 signalling pathway and their natural activators; Emerging evidence suggests that sustained diabetes-associated factors such as inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperglycemia are major contributors to aberrant cell proliferation and subsequent neoplastic transformation. Epidemiological studies have also highlighted that diabetes promoting a sedentary lifestyle, with or without the direct involvement of insulin, is frequently linked to cancer. However, our knowledge regarding the molecular mechanisms that correlate hyperglycemia to oncogenic transformations remains limited. In this regard, a recent study has proved that hyperglycemia inactivates AMPK, destabilizing the TET2 and its tumour-suppressive role and ultimately predisposing diabetes mellitus patients to cancer. We must explore a reverse pharmacology-based ethnopharmacological approach to managing hyperglycemia associated with oncogenesis. Botanical-derived natural products have greater structural and functional diversity with fewer or no side effects on humans. The present review discusses the molecular relationship between hyperglycemia and cancer progression and the impact of natural products as therapeutic agents on the hyperglycemia-cancer-associated signaling pathway. © ScienceIn Publishing.
Lipid-Lowering Nutraceuticals for an Integrative Approach to Dyslipidemia; Dyslipidemia is a treatable risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease that can be addressed through lifestyle changes and/or lipid-lowering therapies. Adherence to statins can be a clinical challenge in some patients due to statin-associated muscle symptoms and other side effects. There is a growing interest in integrative cardiology and nutraceuticals in the management of dyslipidemia, as some patients desire or are actively seeking a more natural approach. These agents have been used in patients with and without established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. We provide an updated review of the evidence on many new and emerging nutraceuticals. We describe the mechanism of action, lipid-lowering effects, and side effects of many nutraceuticals, including red yeast rice, bergamot and others. © 2023 by the authors.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study; Background and purpose: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25–2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53–2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31–2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD. © 2022, Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver.
Bamboo Shoots Modulate Gut Microbiota, Eliminate Obesity in High-Fat-Diet-Fed Mice and Improve Lipid Metabolism; Bamboo shoots (BS) have a variety of nutritional benefits; however, their anti-obesity effect and its underlying mechanism of action are still unclear. In this study, we investigated the protective effect of BS against high-fat diet (HFD)-induced gut dysbiosis in mice. After 12 weeks of feeding C57BL/6J mice either on a normal or an HFD with or without BS, metabolic indicators, including blood lipids and glucose tolerance, were measured. 16S rRNA gene sequencing and metabolomics were used to identify alterations in gut microbiota composition and fecal metabolic profiling. The results demonstrated that BS supplementation reduced body weight by 30.56%, mitigated liver damage, and improved insulin resistance and inflammation in obese mice. In addition, BS increased short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) levels and SCFA-producing bacteria (e.g., Lachnospiraceae_NK4A136_group and Norank_f_Muribaculaceae), and reduced levels of harmful bacteria (e.g., Blautia and Burkholderia–Paraburkholderia). Finally, BS increased many beneficial fecal metabolites, such as fatty acids and bile acids, which are highly relevant to the altered gut microbiota. Based on the modulatory effect of BS on microbiota composition and gut metabolite levels observed in this study, we suggest that BS may be beneficial in treating obesity and its related complications. © 2023 by the authors.
Association between maternal exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and serum markers of liver function during pregnancy in China: A mixture-based approach; Previous studies have shown that per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) may have hepatotoxic effects in animals. However, epidemiological evidence in humans, especially pregnant women, is limited. This study aimed to assess the association of single and multiple PFAS exposure with serum markers of liver function in pregnant women. A total of 420 pregnant women from the Guangxi Zhuang Birth Cohort were enrolled from June 2015 to April 2019. Nine PFAS were measured in the maternal serum in early pregnancy. Data for liver function biomarkers, namely, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), total bilirubin (TBIL), direct bilirubin (DBIL), and indirect bilirubin (IBIL), were obtained from medical records. In generalized linear model (GLM), there was a positive association of perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) with ALT, perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA) and perfluorobutanesulfonic acid (PFBS) with GGT, and perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS) with TBIL and IBIL. In contrast, there was a negative association of perfluoroheptanoic acid (PFHpA) with TBIL. There were inverse U-shaped relationships of PFUnA with ALT and AST and PFDA with ALT by restricted cubic spline. The weighted quantile sum (WQS) regression model revealed the positive effects of the PFAS mixture on GGT, TBIL, DBIL, and IBIL. Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) analysis confirmed that the PFAS mixture was positively associated with GGT, and PFBS was the main contributor. In addition, the BKMR model showed a positive association of individual PFBS with GGT, individual PFHxS with TBIL and IBIL, and a negative association of individual PFHpA with TBIL. Our findings provide evidence of an association between individual PFAS, PFAS mixture and maternal serum markers of liver function during pregnancy. Additionally, these findings also enhance concerns over PFAS exposure on maternal liver function and PFAS monitoring in pregnancy, reducing the effect of maternal liver dysfunction on maternal and infant health. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Effect of Mangiferin on the Glycolipid Metabolism Disorder in T2DM Rats and Its Mechanism; To investigate the effect of mangiferin on the glycolipid metabolism disorder in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) rats and its underlying mechanism, T2DM rats were randomly divided into model control group, metformin group (100 mg/kg), and low-, medium- and high-dose mangiferin groups (50, 100 and 200 mg/kg), 10 rats in each group, and a normal control group was set (10 healthy rats). The rats were intragastrically administered with the different agents once a day, successively for 8 weeks. The levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and fasting insulin (FINS) were determined, the insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) was calculated, the contents of serum free fatty acid (FFA), triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) were measured, the activities of glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) and the content of malondialdehyde (MDA) in the liver tissue of rats were tested, and the mRNA and proteins related to the insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1)/protein kinase B (Akt)/glucose transporter 4 (Glut4) signaling pathway in the liver tissue of rats were detected. The results showed that mangiferin could improve the general status of T2DM rats, including their hair color, activity and spirits, and slow down the trend of weight loss. Compared with those in the model control group, the contents of FBG, FINS, HOMA-IR and serum FFA, TG and TC in the mangiferin-treated groups were significantly or extremely significantly decreased after the intragastric administration of mangiferin for 8 weeks (P<0.05, P<0.01). The activities of GSH-Px, CAT and SOD in the liver tissue of rats in the mangiferin-treated groups were significantly or extremely significantly higher than those in the model control group (P<0.05, P<0.01), while the content of MDA in the liver tissue of rats was extremely significantly lower than that in the model control group (P<0.01). The expression of IRS-1 mRNA in the liver tissue of rats in the low-, medium- and high-dose mangiferin groups was not significantly different from that in the model control group (P>0.05), the expression levels of Akt, Glut4 mRNA, and p-IRS-1 (Tyr), Akt and Glut4 proteins increased significantly or extremely significantly (P<0.05, P<0.01), while the expression of p-IRS-1 (Ser) protein decreased significantly or extremely significantly compared with that in the model control group (P<0.05, P<0.01). The above results indicate that mangiferin can improve the glycolipid metabolism disorder in T2DM rats, which may be related to its antioxidant stress and regulation on the IRS-1/Akt/Glut4 signaling pathway. © 2023 The Author(s).
Microbiota-Liver-Bile Salts Axis, a Novel Mechanism Involved in the Contrasting Effects of Sodium Selenite and Selenium-Nanoparticle Supplementation on Adipose Tissue Development in Adolescent Rats; Adolescence is a period during which body composition changes deeply. Selenium (Se) is an excellent antioxidant trace element related to cell growth and endocrine function. In adolescent rats, low Se supplementation affects adipocyte development differently depending on its form of administration (selenite or Se nanoparticles (SeNPs). Despite this effect being related to oxidative, insulin-signaling and autophagy processes, the whole mechanism is not elucidated. The microbiota–liver–bile salts secretion axis is related to lipid homeostasis and adipose tissue development. Therefore, the colonic microbiota and total bile salts homeostasis were explored in four experimental groups of male adolescent rats: control, low-sodium selenite supplementation, low SeNP supplementation and moderate SeNPs supplementation. SeNPs were obtained by reducing Se tetrachloride in the presence of ascorbic acid. Supplementation was received orally through water intake; low-Se rats received twice more Se than control animals and moderate-Se rats tenfold more. Supplementation with low doses of Se clearly affected anaerobic colonic microbiota profile and bile salts homeostasis. However, these effects were different depending on the Se administration form. Selenite supplementation primarily affected liver by decreasing farnesoid X receptor hepatic function, leading to the accumulation of hepatic bile salts together to increase in the ratio Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) secretion. In contrast, low SeNP levels mainly affected microbiota, moving them towards a more prominent Gram-negative profile in which the relative abundance of Akkermansia and Muribaculaceae was clearly enhanced and the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio decreased. This bacterial profile is directly related to lower adipose tissue mass. Moreover, low SeNP administration did not modify bile salts pool in serum circulation. In addition, specific gut microbiota was regulated upon administration of low levels of Se in the forms of selenite or SeNPs, which are properly discussed. On its side, moderate-SeNPs administration led to great dysbiosis and enhanced the abundance of pathogenic bacteria, being considered toxic. These results strongly correlate with the deep change in adipose mass previously found in these animals, indicating that the microbiota–liver–bile salts axis is also mechanistically involved in these changes. © 2023 by the authors.
Metabolic role of the hepatic valine/3-hydroxyisobutyrate (3-HIB) pathway in fatty liver disease; Background: The valine (branched-chain amino acid) metabolite 3-hydroxyisobutyrate (3-HIB), produced by 3-Hydroxyisobutyryl-CoA Hydrolase (HIBCH), is associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, but implicated tissues and cellular mechanisms are poorly understood. We hypothesized that HIBCH and 3-HIB regulate hepatic lipid accumulation. Methods: HIBCH mRNA in human liver biopsies (“Liver cohort”) and plasma 3-HIB (“CARBFUNC” cohort) were correlated with fatty liver and metabolic markers. Human Huh7 hepatocytes were supplemented with fatty acids (FAs) to induce lipid accumulation. Following HIBCH overexpression, siRNA knockdown, inhibition of PDK4 (a marker of FA β-oxidation) or 3-HIB supplementation, we performed RNA-seq, Western blotting, targeted metabolite analyses and functional assays. Findings: We identify a regulatory feedback loop between the valine/3-HIB pathway and PDK4 that shapes hepatic FA metabolism and metabolic health and responds to 3-HIB treatment of hepatocytes. HIBCH overexpression increased 3-HIB release and FA uptake, while knockdown increased cellular respiration and decreased reactive oxygen species (ROS) associated with metabolic shifts via PDK4 upregulation. Treatment with PDK4 inhibitor lowered 3-HIB release and increased FA uptake, while increasing HIBCH mRNA. Implicating this regulatory loop in fatty liver, human cohorts show positive correlations of liver fat with hepatic HIBCH and PDK4 expression (Liver cohort) and plasma 3-HIB (CARBFUNC cohort). Hepatocyte 3-HIB supplementation lowered HIBCH expression and FA uptake and increased cellular respiration and ROS. Interpretation: These data implicate the hepatic valine/3-HIB pathway in mechanisms of fatty liver, reflected in increased plasma 3-HIB concentrations, and present possible targets for therapeutic intervention. Funding: Funding was provided by the Research Council of Norway ( 263124/ F20), the University of Bergen, the Western Norway Health Authorities, Novo Nordisk Scandinavia AS, the Trond Mohn Foundation and the Norwegian Diabetes Association. © 2023 The Author(s)
The physiology of bilirubin: health and disease equilibrium; Bilirubin has several physiological functions, both beneficial and harmful. In addition to reactive oxygen species-scavenging activities, bilirubin has potent immunosuppressive effects associated with long-term pathophysiological sequelae. It has been recently recognized as a hormone with endocrine actions and interconnected effects on various cellular signaling pathways. Current studies show that bilirubin also decreases adiposity and prevents metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. All in all, the physiological importance of bilirubin is only now coming to light, and strategies for increasing plasma bilirubin levels to combat chronic diseases are starting to be considered. This review discusses the beneficial effects of increasing plasma bilirubin, incorporates emerging areas of bilirubin biology, and provides key concepts to advance the field. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Lipid Aldehydes 4-Hydroxynonenal and 4-Hydroxyhexenal Exposure Differentially Impact Lipogenic Pathways in Human Placenta; Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), such as the omega-6 (n-6) arachidonic acid (AA) and n-3 docosahexanoic acid (DHA), have a vital role in normal fetal development and placental function. Optimal supply of these LCPUFAs to the fetus is critical for improving birth outcomes and preventing programming of metabolic diseases in later life. Although not explicitly required/recommended, many pregnant women take n-3 LCPUFA supplements. Oxidative stress can cause these LCPUFAs to undergo lipid peroxidation, creating toxic compounds called lipid aldehydes. These by-products can lead to an inflammatory state and negatively impact tissue function, though little is known about their effects on the placenta. Placental exposure to two major lipid aldehydes, 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE) and 4-hydroxyhexenal (4-HHE), caused by peroxidation of the AA and DHA, respectively, was examined in the context of lipid metabolism. We assessed the impact of exposure to 25 μM, 50 μM and 100 μM of 4-HNE or 4-HHE on 40 lipid metabolism genes in full-term human placenta. 4-HNE increased gene expression associated with lipogenesis and lipid uptake (ACC, FASN, ACAT1, FATP4), and 4-HHE decreased gene expression associated with lipogenesis and lipid uptake (SREBP1, SREBP2, LDLR, SCD1, MFSD2a). These results demonstrate that these lipid aldehydes differentially affect expression of placental FA metabolism genes in the human placenta and may have implications for the impact of LCPUFA supplementation in environments of oxidative stress. © 2023 by the authors.
Foodborne Carbon Dot Exposure Induces Insulin Resistance through Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis and Damaged Intestinal Mucus Layer; Foodborne carbon dots (CDs), an emerging food nanocontaminant, are an increasing risk factor for metabolic toxicity in mammals. Here, we report that chronic CD exposure induced glucose metabolism disorders via disruption of the gut-liver axis in mice. 16s rRNA analysis demonstrated that CD exposure decreased the abundance of beneficial bacteria (Bacteroides, Coprococcus, and S24-7) and increased the abundance of harmful bacteria (Proteobacteria, Oscillospira, Desulfovibrionaceae, and Ruminococcaceae), as well as increased the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio. Mechanistically, the increased pro-inflammatory bacteria release the endotoxin lipopolysaccharide, which induces an intestinal inflammation and disruption of the intestinal mucus layer, activating systemic inflammation and inducing hepatic insulin resistance in mice via the TLR4/NFκB/MAPK signaling pathway. Furthermore, these changes were almost completely reversed by probiotics. Fecal microbiota transplantation from CD-exposed mice induced glucose intolerance, damaged liver function, intestinal mucus layer injury, hepatic inflammation, and insulin resistance in the recipient mice. However, microbiota-depleted mice exposed to CDs had normal levels of these biomarkers consistent with microbiota-depleted control mice, which revealed that gut microbiota dysbiosis contributes to CD-induced inflammation-mediated insulin resistance. Together, our findings revealed that gut microbiota dysbiosis contributes to CD-induced inflammation-mediated insulin resistance and attempted to elucidate the specific underlying mechanism. Furthermore, we emphasized the importance of assessing the hazards associated with foodborne CDs. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
The Role of Endocan in Cardiometabolic Disorders; Discovered two decades ago, endocan still represents an intriguing biomarker related to inflammation. Endocan is a soluble dermatan sulphate proteoglycan secreted by endothelial cells. Its expression is observed in tissues related to the enhanced proliferation, especially hepatocytes, lungs, kidneys, etc. Endocan has been investigated in many cardiometabolic disorders that are tightly connected with inflammation, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, obesity, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, etc. In this narrative, comprehensive review of the currently available literature, special attention will be paid to the role of endocan in the broad spectrum of cardiometabolic disorders. Since endocan has emerged as a novel endothelial dysfunction marker, the discovery of potential therapeutic strategies for patients with certain cardiometabolic risk factors would be of great importance to delay or even prevent the onset and progression of related complications, mainly cardiovascular. © 2023 by the authors.
Dysregulated Liver Metabolism and Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome; A significant fraction of couples around the world suffer from polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), a disease defined by the characteristics of enhanced androgen synthesis in ovarian theca cells, hyperandrogenemia, and ovarian dysfunction in women. Most of the clinically observable symptoms and altered blood biomarker levels in the patients indicate metabolic dysregulation and adaptive changes as the key underlying mechanisms. Since the liver is the metabolic hub of the body and is involved in steroid-hormonal detoxification, pathological changes in the liver may contribute to female endocrine disruption, potentially through the liver-to-ovary axis. Of particular interest are hyperglycemic challenges and the consequent changes in liver-secretory protein(s) and insulin sensitivity affecting the maturation of ovarian follicles, potentially leading to female infertility. The purpose of this review is to provide insight into emerging metabolic mechanisms underlying PCOS as the primary culprit, which promote its incidence and aggravation. Additionally, this review aims to summarize medications and new potential therapeutic approaches for the disease. © 2023 by the authors.
The Role of Next-Generation Probiotics in Obesity and Obesity-Associated Disorders: Current Knowledge and Future Perspectives; Obesity and obesity-associated disorders pose a major public health issue worldwide. Apart from conventional weight loss drugs, next-generation probiotics (NGPs) seem to be very promising as potential preventive and therapeutic agents against obesity. Candidate NGPs such as Akkermansia muciniphila, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Anaerobutyricum hallii, Bacteroides uniformis, Bacteroides coprocola, Parabacteroides distasonis, Parabacteroides goldsteinii, Hafnia alvei, Odoribacter laneus and Christensenella minuta have shown promise in preclinical models of obesity and obesity-associated disorders. Proposed mechanisms include the modulation of gut flora and amelioration of intestinal dysbiosis, improvement of intestinal barrier function, reduction in chronic low-grade inflammation and modulation of gut peptide secretion. Akkermansia muciniphila and Hafnia alvei have already been administered in overweight/obese patients with encouraging results. However, safety issues and strict regulations should be constantly implemented and updated. In this review, we aim to explore (1) current knowledge regarding NGPs; (2) their utility in obesity and obesity-associated disorders; (3) their safety profile; and (4) their therapeutic potential in individuals with overweight/obesity. More large-scale, multicentric and longitudinal studies are mandatory to explore their preventive and therapeutic potential against obesity and its related disorders. © 2023 by the authors.
Characterization of Two Parabacteroides distasonis Candidate Strains as New Live Biotherapeutics against Obesity; The gut microbiota is now considered as a key player in the development of metabolic dysfunction. Therefore, targeting gut microbiota dysbiosis has emerged as a new therapeutic strategy, notably through the use of live gut microbiota-derived biotherapeutics. We previously highlighted the anti-inflammatory abilities of two Parabacteroides distasonis strains. We herein evaluate their potential anti-obesity abilities and show that the two strains induced the secretion of the incretin glucagon-like peptide 1 in vitro and limited weight gain and adiposity in obese mice. These beneficial effects are associated with reduced inflammation in adipose tissue and the improvement of lipid and bile acid metabolism markers. P. distasonis supplementation also modified the Actinomycetota, Bacillota and Bacteroidota taxa of the mice gut microbiota. These results provide better insight into the capacity of P. distasonis to positively influence host metabolism and to be used as novel source of live biotherapeutics in the treatment and prevention of metabolic-related diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Geniposide and asperuloside alter the COX-2 and GluN2B receptor expression after pilocarpine-induced seizures in mice; Asperuloside (ASP) and geniposide (GP) are iridoids that have shown various biological properties, such as reduction of inflammation, oxidative stress, and neuroprotection. The aim of this study was to investigate the mechanism of action of ASP and GP through the experimental model of pilocarpine-induced seizures. Mice were treated daily with saline, valproic acid (VPA), GP (5, 25, or 50 mg/kg), or ASP (20 or 40 mg/kg) for 8 days. Pilocarpine (PILO) treatment was administered after the last day of treatment, and the epileptic behavior was recorded for 1 h and analyzed by an adapted scale. Afterward, the hippocampus and blood samples were collected for western blot analyses, ELISA and comet assay, and bone marrow to the micronucleus test. We evaluated the expression of the inflammatory marker cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), GluN2B, a subunit of the NMDA receptor, pGluR1, an AMPA receptor, and the enzyme GAD-1 by western blot and the cytokine TNF-α by ELISA. The treatments with GP and ASP were capable to decrease the latency to the first seizure, although they did not change the latency to status epilepticus (SE). ASP demonstrated a genotoxic potential analyzed by comet assay; however, the micronuclei frequency was not increased in the bone marrow. The GP and ASP treatments were capable to reduce COX-2 and GluN2B receptor expression after PILO exposure. This study suggests that GP and ASP have a protective effect on PILO-induced seizures, decreasing GluN2B receptor and COX-2 expression. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Regulatory mechanisms of HMGB1 and its receptors in polycystic ovary syndrome-driven gravid uterine inflammation; High-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) is critical for inflammatory homeostasis and successful pregnancy, and there is a strong association among elevated levels of HMGB1, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), chronic inflammation and pregnancy loss. However, the mechanisms responsible for PCOS-driven regulation of uterine HMGB1 and its candidate receptors [toll-like receptor (TLR) 2 and 4] and inflammatory responses during pregnancy remain unclear. In this study, we found a gestational stage-dependent decrease in uterine HMGB1 and TLR4 protein abundance in rats during normal pregnancy. We demonstrated that increased expression of HMGB1, TLR2 and TLR4 proteins was associated with activation of inflammation-related signalling pathways in the gravid uterus exposed to 5α-dihydrotestosterone and insulin, mimicking the clinical features (hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance) of PCOS and this elevation was completely inhibited by treatment with the androgen receptor (AR) antagonist flutamide. Interestingly, acute exposure to lipopolysaccharide suppressed HMGB1, TLR4 and inflammation-related protein abundance but did not affect androgen levels or AR expression in the gravid uterus with viable fetuses. Furthermore, immunohistochemical analysis revealed that, in addition to being localized predominately in the nuclear compartment, HMGB1 immunoreactivity was also detected in the cytoplasm in the PCOS-like rat uterus, PCOS endometrium and pregnant rat uterus with haemorrhagic and resorbed fetuses, possibly via activation of nuclear factor κB signalling. These results suggest that both AR-dependent and AR-independent mechanisms contribute to the modulation of HMGB1/TLR2/TLR4-mediated uterine inflammation. We propose that the elevation of HMGB1 and its receptors and disruption of the pro-/anti-inflammatory balance in the gravid uterus may participate in the pathophysiology of PCOS-associated pregnancy loss. © 2022 The Authors. The FEBS Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
Progress in Blood Glucose Monitoring in Patients with Hepatogenic Diabetes; Hepatogenic diabetes (HD) is secondary to chronic liver parenchymal damage. The main manifestations of HD are hyperglycemia and impaired glucose tolerance, which is caused due to the destruction of the islet cells of pancreas, resulting in the disruption of glucose metabolism. Liver disease and diabetes mellitus are closely related and influence each other. Liver disease may lead to a rise in blood glucose and hence diabetes, which further affects the recovery and treatment of liver disease. It also promotes the deterioration of the liver to a certain extent, because the relationship between cirrhosis and diabetes is highly significant. However, in clinical practice, it is easy for medical personnel to ignore blood glucose in patients with early liver disease, possibly missing the early diagnosis of HD. Therefore, it is important to monitor the blood glucose in patients with liver disease. In this study, we discuss several mainstream blood glucose monitoring techniques to facilitate further research especially in HD. © 2023 The Author(s).
Food Polyphenols and Type II Diabetes Mellitus: Pharmacology and Mechanisms; Type II diabetes mellitus and its related complications are growing public health problems. Many natural products present in our diet, including polyphenols, can be used in treating and managing type II diabetes mellitus and different diseases, owing to their numerous biological properties. Anthocyanins, flavonols, stilbenes, curcuminoids, hesperidin, hesperetin, naringenin, and phenolic acids are common polyphenols found in blueberries, chokeberries, sea-buckthorn, mulberries, turmeric, citrus fruits, and cereals. These compounds exhibit antidiabetic effects through different pathways. Accordingly, this review presents an overview of the most recent developments in using food polyphenols for managing and treating type II diabetes mellitus, along with various mechanisms. In addition, the present work summarizes the literature about the anti-diabetic effect of food polyphenols and evaluates their potential as complementary or alternative medicines to treat type II diabetes mellitus. Results obtained from this survey show that anthocyanins, flavonols, stilbenes, curcuminoids, and phenolic acids can manage diabetes mellitus by protecting pancreatic β-cells against glucose toxicity, promoting β-cell proliferation, reducing β-cell apoptosis, and inhibiting α-glucosidases or α-amylase. In addition, these phenolic compounds exhibit antioxidant anti-inflammatory activities, modulate carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, optimize oxidative stress, reduce insulin resistance, and stimulate the pancreas to secrete insulin. They also activate insulin signaling and inhibit digestive enzymes, regulate intestinal microbiota, improve adipose tissue metabolism, inhibit glucose absorption, and inhibit the formation of advanced glycation end products. However, insufficient data are available on the effective mechanisms necessary to manage diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Endocrine characteristics and risk factors of type 2 diabetes complicated with gastrointestinal autonomic neuropathy: A single-center retrospective study; To analyze endocrine characteristics and risk factors of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) gastrointestinal autonomic neuropathy. A total of 202 patients with T2DM with obesity who were hospitalized at our institute between January 2019 and June 2021 were selected. Based on adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) levels, 102 patients were placed in the ACTH abnormal group and 100 patients were placed in the non-ACTH abnormal group. Ninety-five healthy adults without diabetes, hyperlipidemia, osteoporosis, or endocrine system abnormalities who were examined at our hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting insulin (FINS), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), ACTH level, body mass index (BMI), and bone mineral density (BMD) were measured to evaluate endocrine characteristics and risk factors. BMI, FPG, FINS, HOMA-IR, TG, TC, and ACTH levels in the abnormal ACTH group were significantly higher than those in the other 2 groups, while BMD was significantly lower than that in the other 2 groups (all P < .05). BMI, FPG, FINS, HOMA-IR, TG, TC, and ACTH in the non-ACTH abnormal group were significantly higher than those in the control group, whereas BMD was significantly lower than that in the control group (all P < .05). The plasma ACTH level in patients with abnormal ACTH levels was significantly positively correlated with BMI, FPG, FINS, HOMA-IR, TG, and TC and negatively correlated with BMD (all P < .05). Multivariate regression analysis showed that BMI, advanced age, FINS, TG, and FPG were risk factors for ACTH abnormalities in patients with diabetes (odds ratio > 1, all P < .05). BMI, advanced age, FINS, TG and FPG are the risk factors of abnormal ACTH in T2DM patients with gastrointestinal autonomic neuropathy. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Amelioration of type 2 diabetes by the novel 6, 8-guanidyl luteolin quinone-chromium coordination via biochemical mechanisms and gut microbiota interaction; Introduction: Luteolin is a plant-derived flavonoid that exhibits a broad range of pharmacological activities. Studies on luteolin have mainly focused on its use for hyperlipidaemia prevention, whereas the capacity of the flavonoid to hinder hyperglycaemia development remains underexplored. Objectives: To probe the anti-hyperglycemic mechanism of 6,8-guanidyl luteolin quinone-chromium coordination (GLQ.Cr), and to assess its regulatory effect on intestinal microbiota in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) mice. Methods: High-sucrose/high-fat diet-induced and intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin was used to develop a T2DM model. Glycometabolism related indicators, histopathology, and gut microbiota composition in caecum samples were evaluated, and RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) of liver samples was conducted. Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) was further used to verify the anti-hyperglycemic activity of intestinal microbiota. Results: The administration of GLQ.Cr alleviated hyperglycaemia symptoms by improving liver and pancreatic functions and modulating gut microbe communities (Lactobacillus, Alistipes, Parabacteroides, Lachnoclostridium, and Desulfovibrio). RNA-seq analysis showed that GLQ.Cr mainly affected the peroxisome proliferative activated receptor (PPAR) signalling pathway in order to regulate abnormal glucose metabolism. FMT significantly modulated the abundance of Lactobacillus, Alloprevotella, Alistipes, Bacteroides, Ruminiclostridium, Brevundimonas and Pseudomonas in the caecum to balance blood glucose levels and counteract T2DM mice inflammation. Conclusion: GLQ.Cr improved the abnormal glucose metabolism in T2DM mice by regulating the PPAR signalling pathway and modulating intestinal microbial composition. FMT can improve the intestinal microecology of the recipient and in turn ameliorate the symptoms of T2DM-induced hyperglycaemia. © 2023
Polyphenols and Cardiometabolic Health: Knowledge and Concern among Romanian People; The cardiometabolic health of the population is a crucial indicator of public health, considering the significant impact of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes on global mortality. Determining the population’s knowledge and the predictors of these pathologies is essential in developing effective educational and clinical strategies for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic risk (CMR). Polyphenols are natural compounds with a multitude of beneficial effects on cardiometabolic health. This study explored the current knowledge, understanding, and awareness of CMR, the benefits of polyphenols among Romanians, and how sociodemographic and clinical characteristics influence this aspect. Five hundred forty-six subjects responded anonymously to an online questionnaire designed to assess their knowledge. The data were collected and analyzed based on gender, age, education level, and BMI status. Most respondents expressed concern to a great or very great extent about their health (78%) and food (60%), with significant differences (p < 0.05) depending on age, educational level, and BMI status. Of the respondents, 64.8% declared that they were familiar with the CMR term. Still, the results showed a weak correlation between the stated risk factors and the self-assessment of increased risk (r = 0.027) for CVD or diabetes. Only 35% of the respondents reported a good or very good knowledge of the term “polyphenols”, 86% recognized the antioxidant effect, and significantly fewer (26%) recognized the prebiotic effect. Developing and implementing targeted educational strategies to enhance learning and individual behaviors related to CMR factors and the benefits of polyphenols is necessary. © 2023 by the authors.
Vitamin D in Diabetes: Uncovering the Sunshine Hormone’s Role in Glucose Metabolism and Beyond; Over the last decades, epidemiology and functional studies have started to reveal a pivotal role of vitamin D in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes pathogenesis. Acting through the vitamin D receptor (VDR), vitamin D regulates insulin secretion in pancreatic islets and insulin sensitivity in multiple peripheral metabolic organs. In vitro studies and both T1D and T2D animal models showed that vitamin D can improve glucose homeostasis by enhancing insulin secretion, reducing inflammation, reducing autoimmunity, preserving beta cell mass, and sensitizing insulin action. Conversely, vitamin D deficiency has been shown relevant in increasing T1D and T2D incidence. While clinical trials testing the hypothesis that vitamin D improves glycemia in T2D have shown conflicting results, subgroup and meta-analyses support the idea that raising serum vitamin D levels may reduce the progression from prediabetes to T2D. In this review, we summarize current knowledge on the molecular mechanisms of vitamin D in insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity, and immunity, as well as the observational and interventional human studies investigating the use of vitamin D as a treatment for diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
A high-fat diet changes placental morphology but does not change biochemical parameters, placental oxidative stress or cytokine levels; Introduction: The placenta is an organ that forms the bridge between mother and fetus during pregnancy. Changes in the intrauterine environment directly impact the fetus’ health, with maternal nutrition determining its development. This study analyzed the effects of different diets and probiotic supplementation during pregnancy on the biochemical parameters of maternal serum and placental morphology, oxidative stress, and cytokine levels in mice. Methods: Female mice were fed standard (CONT), restrictive (RD), or high-fat (HFD) diets before and during pregnancy. During pregnancy, the CONT and HFD groups were divided into two groups that received the Lactobacillus rhamnosus LB1.5 three times per week (CONT + PROB and HFD + PROB). The RD, CONT, or HFD groups received vehicle control. Maternal serum biochemical parameters (glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides) were evaluated. The morphology, redox profile (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, sulfhydryls, catalase, and superoxide dismutase enzyme activity), and inflammatory cytokines (interleukins 1α, 1β, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha) were evaluated in the placenta. Results: The serum biochemical parameters presented no differences between the groups. Regarding placental morphology, the HFD group showed an increased thickness of the labyrinth zone compared to the CONT + PROB group. However, no significant difference was found in the analysis of the placental redox profile and cytokine levels. Discussion: RD and HFD, for 16 weeks before and during pregnancy, as well as probiotic supplementation during pregnancy, caused no change in serum biochemical parameters nor the gestational viability rate, placental redox state, and cytokine levels. However, HFD increased the thickness of the placental labyrinth zone. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
In utero exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances and early childhood BMI trajectories: A mediation analysis with neonatal metabolic profiles; Background: In utero perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) exposure has been associated with childhood adiposity, but the mechanisms are poorly known. Objective: To investigate the potential mediating role of neonatal metabolites in the relationship between prenatal PFAS exposure and childhood adiposity trajectories in the first four years of life. Methods: We analyzed the data for 1671 mother-child pairs from the Shanghai Birth Cohort study. We included those with PFAS exposure information in early pregnancy, neonatal metabolites data and at least three child anthropometric measurements at 6, 12, 24 and/or 48 months. Body mass index (BMI) z-score trajectories were identified using latent class growth mixture modeling. The associations between PFAS concentrations and trajectory classes were assessed using multinomial logistic regression. Screening and penalization-based selection was used to identify neonatal amino acids and acylcarnitines with significant mediation effects. Results: Three BMI z-score trajectories in early childhood were identified: a persistent increase trajectory (Class 1, 2.2 %), a stable trajectory (Class 2, 66 %), and a transient increase trajectory (Class 3, 32 %). Increased odds of being in Class 1 were observed in association with one log-unit increase in concentrations of perfluorooctane sulfonate (odds ratio [OR], 1.76 [95 % CI, 0.96–3.23], Class 2 as reference; OR, 2.36 [95 % CI, 1.27–4.40], Class 3 as reference), perfluorononanoic acid (OR, 1.90 [95 % CI, 0.97–3.72], Class 2 as reference; OR, 2.23 [95 % CI, 1.12–4.42], Class 3 as reference) and perfluorodecanoic acid (OR, 1.95 [95 % CI, 1.12–3.38], Class 2 as reference; OR, 2.14 [95 % CI, 1.22–3.76], Class 3 as reference). The effect of prenatal PFAS exposure on being in Class 1 was significantly but partly mediated by octanoylcarnitine (2.64 % for perfluorononanoic acid and 3.70 % for sum of 10 PFAS). Conclusions: In utero PFAS exposure is a risk factor for persistent growth in BMI z-score in early childhood. The alteration of neonatal acylcarnitines suggests a potential molecular pathway. © 2023
Comprehensive Approach to Medical Nutrition Therapy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: From Diet to Bioactive Compounds; In the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), diet plays a key role. Individualized medical nutritional therapy, as part of lifestyle optimization, is one of the cornerstones for the management of T2DM and has been shown to improve metabolic outcomes. This paper discusses major aspects of the nutritional intervention (including macro- and micronutrients, nutraceuticals, and supplements), with key practical advice. Various eating patterns, such as the Mediterranean-style, low-carbohydrate, vegetarian or plant-based diets, as well as healthy eating plans with caloric deficits have been proven to have beneficial effects for patients with T2DM. So far, the evidence does not support a specific macronutrient distribution and meal plans should be individualized. Reducing the overall carbohydrate intake and replacing high glycemic index (GI) foods with low GI foods have been shown as valid options for patients with T2DM to improve glycemic control. Additionally, evidence supports the current recommendation to reduce the intake of free sugars to less than 10% of total energy intake, since their excessive intake promotes weight gain. The quality of fats seems to be rather important and the substitution of saturated and trans fatty acids with foods rich in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats lowers cardiovascular risk and improves glucose metabolism. There is no benefit of supplementation with antioxidants, such as carotene, vitamins E and C, or other micronutrients, due to the lack of consistent evidence showing efficacy and long-term safety. Some studies suggest possible beneficial metabolic effects of nutraceuticals in patients with T2DM, but more evidence about their efficacy and safety is still needed. © 2023 by the authors.
A Scoping Review of Vitamin D for Nonskeletal Health: A Framework for Evidence-based Clinical Practice; Background: Low serum 25-hydroxy-vitamin D [25(OH)D] levels are prevalent worldwide. Although the benefits of vitamin D supplementation have focused on skeletal disorders (eg, rickets, osteomalacia, osteoporosis), emerging evidence for nonskeletal health merits further discussion. Purpose: The purpose of this review was to critically examine the vitamin D supplementation literature pertaining to nonskeletal health to help guide clinicians. Methods: A scoping review that included observational studies and randomized clinical trials (RCTs) was performed. Evidence from meta-analyses and individual RCTs are discussed, and controversies and future directions are considered. Findings: 25(OH)D deficiency is a ubiquitous condition associated with multiple nonskeletal diseases, including cardiometabolic (heart disease, diabetes, and kidney disease), immune (HIV/AIDS and cancer), lung (from traditional chronic disorders to coronavirus disease 2019), and gut diseases. Vitamin D deficiency also affects health across the life span (children, pregnant, and elderly), mental illness, and reproduction in both men and women. In contrast, vitamin D supplementation does not necessarily improve major medical outcomes, even when low 25(OH)D levels are treated. Screening for 25(OH)D status remains an important practice, primarily for high-risk patients (eg, elderly, women with osteoporosis, people with low exposure to sunlight). It is reasonable to supplement with vitamin D to treat 25(OH)D deficiency, such that if beneficial nonskeletal health occurs, this may be considered as a coadjutant instead of the central tenet of the disease. Furthermore, optimizing dosing regimens is an important clinical consideration. Implications: Although 25(OH)D deficiency is prevalent in nonskeletal diseases, there is no uniform evidence that vitamin D supplementation improves major medical outcomes, even when low 25(OH)D levels are corrected. Findings from RCTs warrant caution due to possible selection bias. Overall, vitamin D supplementation must be guided by circulating levels as a reasonable medical practice to correct 25(OH)D deficiency. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Dysregulation of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is a highly prevalent condition affecting approximately a quarter of the global population. It is associated with increased morbidity, mortality, economic burden, and healthcare costs. The disease is characterized by the accumulation of lipids in the liver, known as steatosis, which can progress to more severe stages such as steatohepatitis, fibrosis, cirrhosis, and even hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). This review focuses on the mechanisms that contribute to the development of diet-induced steatosis in an insulin-resistant liver. Specifically, it discusses the existing literature on carbon flux through glycolysis, ketogenesis, TCA (Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle), and fatty acid synthesis pathways in NAFLD, as well as the altered canonical insulin signaling and genetic predispositions that lead to the accumulation of diet-induced hepatic fat. Finally, the review discusses the current therapeutic efforts that aim to ameliorate various pathologies associated with NAFLD. © 2023 by the authors.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS. © 2023 by the author.
Roles of Marine Macroalgae or Seaweeds and Their Bioactive Compounds in Combating Overweight, Obesity and Diabetes: A Comprehensive Review; Obesity and diabetes are matters of serious concern in the health sector due to their rapid increase in prevalence over the last three decades. Obesity is a severe metabolic problem that results in energy imbalance that is persistent over a long period of time, and it is characterized by insulin resistance, suggesting a strong association with type 2 diabetes (T2D). The available therapies for these diseases have side effects and some still need to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and they are expensive for underdeveloped countries. Hence, the need for natural anti-obesity and anti-diabetic drugs has increased in recent years due to their lower costs and having virtually no or negligible side effects. This review thoroughly examined the anti-obesity and anti-diabetic effects of various marine macroalgae or seaweeds and their bioactive compounds in different experimental settings. According to the findings of this review, seaweeds and their bioactive compounds have been shown to have strong potential to alleviate obesity and diabetes in both in vitro and in vivo or animal-model studies. However, the number of clinical trials in this regard is limited. Hence, further studies investigating the effects of marine algal extracts and their bioactive compounds in clinical settings are required for developing anti-obesity and anti-diabetic medicines with better efficacy but lower or no side effects. © 2023 by the authors.
Effect of nanoparticle macroalgae in the treatment of fatty liver disease using logistic regression, and support vector machine; One of the major health issues facing people worldwide is liver fibrosis. Liver fibrosis may be brought on by long-term exposure to harmful substances, medicines, and microorganisms. The development of liver fibrosis in children was particularly worrying due to their longer life-span, which was possibly related to a great risk of developing long-term complications. Marine algae species have provided a biological variety in the research phase of novel approaches to the treatment of numerous ailments. Marine macroalgae have recently been the subject of research due to their rich bioactive chemical composition and potential for the production of various nutraceuticals. Macroalgae are potentially excellent sources of bioactive substances with particular and distinct biological activity when compared to their terrestrial equivalents. Macroalgae in diverse marine cases offer a few biologically active metabolites, comprising sterols, polyunsaturated fatty acids, carotenoids, oligosaccharides, polysaccharides, proteins, polyphenols, vitamins, and minerals. Accordingly, there is great interest in their high potential for supporting immunomodulatory, antimicrobial, antidiabetic, antitumoral, anti-inflammatory, antiangiogenic, and neuroprotective properties. Using an experimental model, the current research intends to collect data on the therapeutic value of macroalgae nanoparticles for fatty liver disease. The researchers' goal of predicting illnesses from the extensive medical datasets is quite difficult. The purpose of this research is to assess the protective effects of a seaweed, Padina pavonia (PP), on liver fibrosis caused by carbon tetrachloride (CCl4). This research presents two models of logistic regression (LR) and support vector machines (SVM) for predicting the likelihood of liver disease incidence. The performance of the model was evaluated using a dataset. PP macro-algae considerably reduce the high blood concentrations of aminotransferases, alkaline phosphatases, and lactate dehydrogenases, as well as causing a considerable (p < 0.05) decrease in serum bilirubin levels. In addition to improving kidney function (urea and creatinine), algal extracts enhance fat metabolism (triglycerides and cholesterol). With an accuracy rate of 70.2%, a sensitivity of 92.3%, a specificity of 74.7%, a type I error of 9.1%, and a type II error of 21.0%, the predictive model has demonstrated excellent performance. The model validated laboratory tests' ability to predict illness (age; direct bilirubin (DB), total proteins (TP), and albumin (ALB). These classifier methods are compared on the basis of their execution time and classification accuracy. © 2023
Organokines in COVID-19: A Systematic Review; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a viral infection caused by SARS-CoV-2 that induces a generalized inflammatory state. Organokines (adipokines, osteokines, myokines, hepatokines, and cardiokines) can produce beneficial or harmful effects in this condition. This study aimed to systematically review the role of organokines on COVID-19. PubMed, Embase, Google Scholar, and Cochrane databases were searched, the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines were followed, and 37 studies were selected, comprising more than 2700 individuals infected with the virus. Among COVID-19 patients, organokines have been associated with endothelial dysfunction and multiple organ failure due to augmented cytokines and increased SARS-CoV-2 viremia. Changes in the pattern of organokines secretion can directly or indirectly contribute to aggravating the infection, promoting immune response alterations, and predicting the disease progression. These molecules have the potential to be used as adjuvant biomarkers to predict the severity of the illness and severe outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease—Current Background, Hopes, and Perspectives; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents the most common chronic liver disease worldwide, reaching one of the highest prevalences in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). For now, no specific pharmacologic therapies are approved to prevent or treat NAFLD. Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) are currently evaluated as potential candidates for NAFLD treatment in patients with T2DM. Some representatives of this class of antihyperglycemic agents emerged as potentially beneficial in patients with NAFLD after several research studies suggested they reduce hepatic steatosis, ameliorate lesions of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), or delay the progression of fibrosis in this population. The aim of this review is to summarize the body of evidence supporting the effectiveness of GLP-1RA therapy in the management of T2DM complicated with NAFLD, describing the studies that evaluated the effects of these glucose-lowering agents in fatty liver disease and fibrosis, their possible mechanistic justification, current evidence-based recommendations, and the next steps to be developed in the field of pharmacological innovation. © 2023 by the authors.
Circulating microRNA as Biomarkers for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus—A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a severe pregnancy complication for both the woman and the child. Women who suffer from GDM have a greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life. Identification of any potential biomarkers for the early prediction of gestational diabetes can help prevent the disease in women with a high risk. Studies show microRNA (miRNA) as a potential biomarker for the early discovery of GDM, but there is a lack of clarity as to which miRNAs are consistently altered in GDM. This study aimed to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate miRNAs associated with GDM by comparing GDM cases with normoglycemic controls. The systematic review was performed according to PRISMA guidelines with searches in PubMed, Web of Science, and ScienceDirect. The primary search resulted in a total of 849 articles, which were screened according to the prior established inclusion and exclusion criteria. Following the screening of articles, the review was based on the inclusion of 35 full-text articles, which were evaluated for risk of bias and estimates of quality, after which data were extracted and relative values for miRNAs were calculated. A meta-analysis was performed for the miRNA species investigated in three or more studies: MiR-29a, miR-330, miR-134, miR-132, miR-16, miR-223, miR-155, miR-122, miR-17, miR-103, miR-125, miR-210, and miR-222. While some miRNAs showed considerable between-study variability, miR-29a, miR-330, miR-134, miR-16, miR-223, and miR-17 showed significant overall upregulation in GDM, while circulating levels of miR-132 and miR-155 were decreased among GDM patients, suggesting further studies of these as biomarkers for early GDM discovery. © 2023 by the authors.
Postnatal exposure to Bisphenol S induces liver injury in mice: Possible implication of PPARγ receptor; There is considerable evidence that Bisphenol S (BPS) induces various toxicological effects and is an industrial health issue. However, little data are available on the in vivo effects of BPS on the liver, a major target of drug toxicity. In this study, we evaluated the potential harmfulness of low levels of BPS in the liver of male mice. Also, we investigated the interaction between BPS and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ) by computational docking approach. PPARγ is a member of the superfamily of nuclear hormone receptors. It acts as a transcription factor and regulates the genes involved in lipid and glucose metabolism and in inflammation and necrosis. Mice were exposed to BPS, in drinking water at 25, 50, and 100 μg/kg for 10 weeks. The protocol was started after weaning. At the time of sacrifice, blood samples were collected for a biochemical analysis, followed by liver tissue collection for histopathological study. Results showed that BPS-induced hypertriglyceridemia, increased liver injury markers, and initiated histopathological changes, including inflammatory cell infiltration, hepatocellular necrosis, and steatosis. BPS did not affect glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C). Interestingly, data showed that BPS could interact with the PPARγ ligand-binding pocket by hydrogen bonds with Asn 219, Cys 276, Ser 280, and Thr 283. We suggest that PPARγ is among the targets of BPS and could play a key role in the cascade reaction of BPS-induced liver disruption. These findings support the hypothesis that the post-weaning period is sensitive to low-dose BPS exposure that can lead to dyslipidemia signature later in life. © The Author(s) 2023.
Circulating Levels of C1q/TNF-Related Protein 3 (CTRP3) and CTRP9 in Gestational Diabetes and Their Association with Insulin Resistance and Inflammatory Cytokines; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to obesity, adipose tissue, and adipokines. Adiponectin-homologous adipokines with anti-inflammatory properties, including C1q/TNF-related protein 3 (CTRP3) and CTRP9, regulate glucose and lipid metabolism, which was measured in pregnant women with GDM with the aim to assess their circulating levels and their relation with inflammatory cytokines and other biochemical data. Methods: Serum levels of CTRP3, CTRP9, adiponectin, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, and interleukin (IL)-6 were measured in 43 subjects with GDM and 42 healthy controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Serum levels of adiponectin and CTRP3 were lower in GDM subjects than in controls, whereas CTRP9, TNF-α, and IL-6 showed higher concentrations in subjects with GDM than in controls. In the subjects with GDM, there was a significant association of CTRP3 with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), body mass index, and triglycerides, whereas CTRP9 is associated with TNF-α and HOMA-IR. Conclusion: The differences in the assessed levels of CTRP3 and CTRP9 suggest a possible relation with the pathogenesis of GDM, in particular insulin resistance, which showed significant association with both adipokines.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of American Society for Clinical Pathology. All rights reserved.
Programming Mechanism of Adipose Tissue Expansion in the Rat Offspring of Obese Mothers Occurs in a Sex-Specific Manner; We investigated whether excessive retroperitoneal adipose tissue (AT) expansion programmed by maternal obesity (MO) affects adipocyte size distribution and gene expression in relation to adipocyte proliferation and differentiation in male and female offspring (F1) from control (F1C) and obese (F1MO) mothers. Female Wistar rats (F0) ate a control or high-fat diet from weaning through pregnancy and lactation. F1 were weaned onto a control diet and euthanized at 110 postnatal days. Fat depots were weighed to estimate the total AT. Serum glucose, triglyceride, leptin, insulin, and the insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) were determined. Adipocyte size and adipogenic gene expression were examined in retroperitoneal fat. Body weight, retroperitoneal AT and adipogenesis differed between male and female F1Cs. Retroperitoneal AT, glucose, triglyceride, insulin, HOMA-IR and leptin were higher in male and female F1MO vs. F1C. Small adipocytes were reduced in F1MO females and absent in F1MO males; large adipocytes were increased in F1MO males and females vs. F1C. Wnt, PI3K-Akt, and insulin signaling pathways in F1MO males and Egr2 in F1MO females were downregulated vs. F1C. MO induced metabolic dysfunction in F1 through different sex dimorphism mechanisms, including the decreased expression of pro-adipogenic genes and reduced insulin signaling in males and lipid mobilization-related genes in females. © 2023 by the authors.
Changes in Lipid Metabolism Enzymes in Rat Epididymal Fat after Chronic Central Leptin Infusion Are Related to Alterations in Inflammation and Insulin Signaling; Leptin inhibits food intake and reduces the size of body fat depots, changing adipocyte sensitivity to insulin to restrain lipid accrual. This adipokine may modulate the production of cytokines that could diminish insulin sensitivity, particularly in visceral adipose tissue. To explore this possibility, we examined the effects of chronic central administration of leptin on the expression of key markers of lipid metabolism and its possible relationship with changes in inflammatory- and insulin-signaling pathways in epididymal adipose tissue. Circulating non-esterified fatty acids and pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines were also measured. Fifteen male rats were divided into control (C), leptin (L, icv, 12 μg/day for 14 days), and pair-fed (PF) groups. We found a decrease in the activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and malic enzyme in the L group, with no changes in the expression of lipogenic enzymes. A reduction in the expression of lipoprotein lipase and carnitine palmitoyl-transferase-1A, together with a decrease in the phosphorylation of insulin-signaling targets and a low-grade inflammatory pattern, were detected in the epididymal fat of L rats. In conclusion, the decrease in insulin sensitivity and increased pro-inflammatory environment could regulate lipid metabolism, reducing epididymal fat stores in response to central leptin infusion. © 2023 by the authors.
A New Approach to Personalized Nutrition: Postprandial Glycemic Response and its Relationship to Gut Microbiota; A prolonged and elevated postprandial glucose response (PPGR) is now considered a main factor contributing for the development of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, which could be prevented by dietary interventions. However, dietary recommendations to prevent alterations in PPGR have not always been successful. New evidence has supported that PPGR is not only dependent of dietary factors like the content of carbohydrates, or the glycemic index of the foods, but is also dependent on genetics, body composition, gut microbiota, among others. In recent years, continuous glucose monitoring has made it possible to establish predictions on the effect of different dietary foods on PPGRs through machine learning methods, which use algorithms that integrate genetic, biochemical, physiological and gut microbiota variables for identifying associations between them and clinical variables with aim of personalize dietary recommendations. This has allowed to improve the concept of personalized nutrition, since it is now possible to recommend through these predictions specific dietary foods to prevent elevated PPGRs that are highly variable among individuals. Additional components that can enrich the predictive algorithms are findings of nutrigenomics, nutrigenetics and metabolomics. Thus, this review aims to summarize the evidence of the components that integrate personalized nutrition focused on the prevention of PPGRs, and to show the future of personalized nutrition by laying the groundwork for the development of individualized dietary management and its impact on the improvement of metabolic diseases. © 2023
Progress on relationship between inflammation-related indicators and gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious threat to maternal and infant health. However, the unclear etiology and pathogenesis of GDM is the harrier of clinical intervention. In recent years, the relationship between inflammation and GDM has been widely concerned, but the conclusions are inconsistent. This paper summarizes the research progress on the association between inflammation-related indicators and GDM, in order to provide a basis for the diagnosis, treatment, or prophylaxis of GDM. © 2023 Authors. All rights reserved.
Exposure to multiple metals and diabetes mellitus risk in dong ethnicity in China: from the China multi-ethnic cohort study; Metals play an important role in the development of diabetes mellitus (DM). The association of metals with diabetes among the Dong ethnicity in China remains poorly understood. The current study aimed to evaluate the association of single metal exposure and multi-metal co-exposure with DM risk. Urinary concentrations of arsenic, cadmium, chromium, copper, iron, lead, manganese, mercury, molybdenum, nickel, strontium, vanadium, and zinc were measured using inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) among 4479 Dong ethnic participants aged 30–79 years from the China Multi-Ethnic Cohort (CMEC) study. Based on tertiles, the metal exposure can be divided into three groups: low, middle, and high exposure. Multivariate logistic regression models and principal component analysis were performed to determine exposure to single-metal and multi-metal co-exposure in relation to DM. A decrease in risk of DM was associated with iron (OR = 0.78, 95% CI: 0.61–1.00 and 0.68, 0.53–0.88 for the middle and high vs. low) and strontium (OR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.69–1.12 and 0.67, 0.51–0.86 for the middle and high vs. low), respectively. A principal component 3 (PC3) characterized by iron and strontium showed an inverse association with DM. A principal component 4 (PC4) characterized by manganese and lead positively associated with DM. Exposure to high concentrations of urinary iron and strontium may reduce the risk of diabetes mellitus. This study revealed an increase in the risk of diabetes mellitus by co-exposure to high concentrations of urinary manganese and lead. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Apolipoprotein D in Oxidative Stress and Inflammation; Apolipoprotein D (ApoD) is lipocalin able to bind hydrophobic ligands. The APOD gene is upregulated in a number of pathologies, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, cancer, and hypothyroidism. Upregulation of ApoD is linked to decreased oxidative stress and inflammation in several models, including humans, mice, Drosophila melanogaster and plants. Studies suggest that the mechanism through which ApoD modulates oxidative stress and regulate inflammation is via its capacity to bind arachidonic acid (ARA). This polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid can be metabolised to generate large variety of pro-inflammatory mediators. ApoD serves as a sequester, blocking and/or altering arachidonic metabolism. In recent studies of diet-induced obesity, ApoD has been shown to modulate lipid mediators derived from ARA, but also from eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in an anti-inflammatory way. High levels of ApoD have also been linked to better metabolic health and inflammatory state in the round ligament of morbidly obese women. Since ApoD expression is upregulated in numerous diseases, it might serve as a therapeutic agent against pathologies aggravated by OS and inflammation such as many obesity comorbidities. This review will present the most recent findings underlying the central role of ApoD in the modulation of both OS and inflammation. © 2023 by the authors.
Short-term exposure to antimony induces hepatotoxicity and metabolic remodeling in rats; Antimony (Sb) poses a significant threat to human health due to sharp increases in its exploitation and application globally, but few studies have explored the pathophysiological mechanisms of acute hepatotoxicity induced by Sb exposure. We established an in vivo model to comprehensively explore the endogenous mechanisms underlying liver injury induced by short-term Sb exposure. Adult female and male Sprague-Dawley rats were orally administrated various concentrations of potassium antimony tartrate for 28 days. After exposure, the serum Sb concentration, liver-to-body weight ratio, and serum glucose levels significantly increased in a dose-dependent manner. Body weight gain and serum concentrations of biomarkers of hepatic injury (e.g., total cholesterol, total protein, alkaline phosphatase, and the aspartate aminotransferase/alanine aminotransferase ratio) decreased with increasing Sb exposure. Through integrative non-targeted metabolome and lipidome analyses, alanine, aspartate, and glutamate metabolism; phosphatidylcholines; sphingomyelins; and phosphatidylinositols were the most significantly affected pathways in female and male rats exposed to Sb. Additionally, correlation analysis showed that the concentrations of certain metabolites and lipids (e.g., deoxycholic acid, N-methylproline, palmitoylcarnitine, glycerophospholipids, sphingomyelins, and glycerol) were significantly associated with hepatic injury biomarkers, indicating that metabolic remodeling may be involved in apical hepatotoxicity. Our study demonstrated that short-term exposure to Sb induces hepatotoxicity, possibly through a glycolipid metabolism disorder, providing an important reference for the health risks of Sb pollution. © 2023 The Authors
The State of Research and Weight of Evidence on the Epigenetic Effects of Bisphenol A; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a high-production-volume chemical with numerous industrial and consumer applications. BPA is extensively used in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins. The widespread utilities of BPA include its use as internal coating for food and beverage cans, bottles, and food-packaging materials, and as a building block for countless goods of common use. BPA can be released into the environment and enter the human body at any stage during its production, or in the process of manufacture, use, or disposal of materials made from this chemical. While the general population is predominantly exposed to BPA through contaminated food and drinking water, non-dietary exposures through the respiratory system, integumentary system, and vertical transmission, as well as other routes of exposure, also exist. BPA is often classified as an endocrine-disrupting chemical as it can act as a xenoestrogen. Exposure to BPA has been associated with developmental, reproductive, cardiovascular, neurological, metabolic, or immune effects, as well as oncogenic effects. BPA can disrupt the synthesis or clearance of hormones by binding and interfering with biological receptors. BPA can also interact with key transcription factors to modulate regulation of gene expression. Over the past 17 years, an epigenetic mechanism of action for BPA has emerged. This article summarizes the current state of research on the epigenetic effects of BPA by analyzing the findings from various studies in model systems and human populations. It evaluates the weight of evidence on the ability of BPA to alter the epigenome, while also discussing the direction of future research. © 2023 by the author.
The Role of Probiotics and Their Metabolites in the Treatment of Depression; Depression is a common and complex mental and emotional disorder that causes disability, morbidity, and quite often mortality around the world. Depression is closely related to several physical and metabolic conditions causing metabolic depression. Studies have indicated that there is a relationship between the intestinal microbiota and the brain, known as the gut–brain axis. While this microbiota–gut–brain connection is disturbed, dysfunctions of the brain, immune system, endocrine system, and gastrointestinal tract occur. Numerous studies show that intestinal dysbiosis characterized by abnormal microbiota and dysfunction of the microbiota–gut–brain axis could be a direct cause of mental and emotional disorders. Traditional treatment of depression includes psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy, and it mainly targets the brain. However, restoration of the intestinal microbiota and functions of the gut–brain axis via using probiotics, their metabolites, prebiotics, and healthy diet may alleviate depressive symptoms. Administration of probiotics labeled as psychobiotics and their metabolites as metabiotics, especially as an adjuvant to antidepressants, improves mental disorders. It is a new approach to the prevention, management, and treatment of mental and emotional illnesses, particularly major depressive disorder and metabolic depression. For the effectiveness of antidepressant therapy, psychobiotics should be administered at a dose higher than 1 billion CFU/day for at least 8 weeks. © 2023 by the authors.
Targeting lipid metabolism with natural products: A novel strategy for gastrointestinal cancer therapy; Gastrointestinal cancer (GIC), including gastric cancer and colorectal cancer, is a common malignant tumor originating from gastrointestinal epithelial cells. Although the pathogenesis of GIC remains unclear, aberrant lipid metabolism has emerged as a hallmark of cancer. Several enzymes, proteins, and transcription factors are involved in lipid metabolism reprogramming in GIC, and their abnormal expression can promote lipid synthesis and accumulation of lipid droplets through numerous mechanisms, thereby affecting the growth, proliferation, and metastasis of GIC cells. Studies show that some natural compounds, including flavonoids, alkaloids, and saponins, can inhibit the de novo synthesis of lipids in GIC, reduce the level of lipid accumulation, and subsequently, inhibit the occurrence and development of GIC by regulating Sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 (SREBP-1), adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK), 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR), phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase/Akt and the mammalian target of rapamycin PI3K/Akt/mTOR, amongst other targets and pathways. Therefore, targeting tumor lipid metabolism is the focus of anti-gastrointestinal tumor therapy. Although most natural products require further high-quality studies to firmly establish their clinical efficacy, we review the potential of natural products in the treatment of GIC and summarize the application prospect of lipid metabolism as a new target for the treatment of GIC, hoping to provide a reference for drug development for gastrointestinal tumors. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Sex, Nutrition, and NAFLD: Relevance of Environmental Pollution; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common form of chronic liver disease and represents an increasing public health issue given the limited treatment options and its association with several other metabolic and inflammatory disorders. The epidemic, still growing prevalence of NAFLD worldwide cannot be merely explained by changes in diet and lifestyle that occurred in the last few decades, nor from their association with genetic and epigenetic risk factors. It is conceivable that environmental pollutants, which act as endocrine and metabolic disruptors, may contribute to the spreading of this pathology due to their ability to enter the food chain and be ingested through contaminated food and water. Given the strict interplay between nutrients and the regulation of hepatic metabolism and reproductive functions in females, pollutant-induced metabolic dysfunctions may be of particular relevance for the female liver, dampening sex differences in NAFLD prevalence. Dietary intake of environmental pollutants can be particularly detrimental during gestation, when endocrine-disrupting chemicals may interfere with the programming of liver metabolism, accounting for the developmental origin of NAFLD in offspring. This review summarizes cause–effect evidence between environmental pollutants and increased incidence of NAFLD and emphasizes the need for further studies in this field. © 2023 by the authors.
Exercise in the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is a systemic, multifactorial disease that is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. Despite a rise in the number of available medications and treatments available for management, exercise remains a first-line prevention and intervention strategy due to established safety, efficacy, and tolerability in the general population. Herein we review the pre-disposing risk factors for, prevention, pathophysiology, and treatment of type 2 diabetes. We emphasize key cellular and molecular adaptive processes that provide insight into our evolving understanding of how, when, and what types of exercise may improve glycemic control. © American Physiological Society.
Maternal high-fat diet changes DNA methylation in the early embryo by disrupting the TCA cycle intermediary alpha ketoglutarate; In brief: Maternal obesity can impair metabolism in the embryo and the resulting offspring. This study shows that metabolic disruptions through α-ketoglutarate may link altered metabolism with epigenetic changes in embryos. Maternal obesity can impair offspring metabolic health; however, the precise mechanism underpinning programming is unknown. Ten-Eleven translocase (TET) enzymes demethylate DNA using the TCA cycle intermediary α-ketoglutarate and may be involved in programming offspring health. Whether TETs are disrupted by maternal obesity is unknown. Five to six week-old C57Bl/6 female mice were fed a control diet (CD; 6% fat, n = 175) or a high-fat diet (HFD; 21% fat, n = 158) for 6 weeks. After superovulation, oocytes were collected for metabolic assessment, or females were mated and zygotes were cultured for embryo development, fetal growth, and assessment of global DNA methylation (5-methylcytosine (5mC), 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmC), 5-formylcytosine (5fC), and 5-carboxycytosine (5caC)) in the two-cell embryo. Zygotes collected from superovulated CBAF1 females were cultured in media containing α-ketoglutarate (0, 1.4, 3.5, or 14.0 mM) or with 2-hydroxyglutarate (2HG) (0 or 20 mM), a competitive inhibitor of α-ketoglutarate, with methylation and blastocyst differentiation assessed. After HFD, oocytes showed increased pyruvate oxidation and intracellular ROS, with no changes in Tet3 expression, while two-cell embryo global 5hmC DNA methylation was reduced and 5fC increased. Embryos cultured with 1.4 mM α-ketoglutarate had decreased two-cell 5mC, while 14.0 mM α-ketoglutarate increased the 5hmC:5mC ratio. In contrast, supplementation with 20 mM 2HG increased 5mC and decreased 5fC:5mC and 5caC:5mC ratios. α-ketoglutarate up to 3.5 mM did not alter embryo development, while culturing in 14.0 mM α-ketoglutarate blocked development at the two-cell. Culture with 2HG delayed embryo development past the four-cell and decreased blastocyst total cell number. In conclusion, disruptions in metabolic intermediates in the preimplantation embryo may provide a link between maternal obesity and programming offspring for ill health.  © 2023 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Skeptical Look at the Clinical Implication of Metabolic Syndrome in Childhood Obesity; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is defined by a cluster of several cardio-metabolic risk factors, specifically visceral obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and impaired glucose metabolism, which together increase risks of developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D). This article is a narrative review of the literature and a summary of the main observations, conclusions, and perspectives raised in the literature and the study projects of the Working Group of Childhood Obesity (WGChO) of the Italian Society of Paediatric Endocrinology and Diabetology (ISPED) on MetS in childhood obesity. Although there is an agreement on the distinctive features of MetS, no international diagnostic criteria in a pediatric population exist. Moreover, to date, the prevalence of MetS in childhood is not certain and thus the true value of diagnosis of MetS in youth as well as its clinical implications, is unclear. The aim of this narrative review is to summarize the pathogenesis and current role of MetS in children and adolescents with particular reference to applicability in clinical practice in childhood obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
The potential role of scavenger receptor B type I (SR-BI) in SARS-CoV-2 infection; Scavenger receptor type B I (SR-BI), the major receptor for high-density lipoprotein (HDL) mediates the delivery of cholesterol ester and cholesterol from HDL to the cell membrane. SR-BI is implicated as a receptor for entry of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus type 2 (SARS-CoV-2). SR-BI is colocalized with the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) increasing the binding and affinity of SARS-CoV-2 to ACE2 with subsequent viral internalization. SR-BI regulates lymphocyte proliferation and the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines from activated macrophages and lymphocytes. SR-BI is reduced during COVID-19 due to consumption by SARS-CoV-2 infection. COVID-19-associated inflammatory changes and high angiotensin II (AngII) might be possible causes of repression of SR-BI in SARS-CoV-2 infection. In conclusion, the downregulation of SR-BI in COVID-19 could be due to direct invasion by SARS-CoV-2 or through upregulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines, inflammatory signaling pathways, and high circulating AngII. Reduction of SR-BI in COVID-19 look like ACE2 may provoke COVID-19 severity through exaggeration of the immune response. Further studies are invoked to clarify the potential role of SR-BI in the pathogenesis of COVID-19 that could be protective rather than detrimental. © 2023 The Authors. Immunity, Inflammation and Disease published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
CTRP1: A novel player in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a series of diseases induced by inflammation and lipid metabolism disorders, among others. Metabolic diseases can cause inflammation and abnormal lipid metabolism. C1q/TNF-related proteins 1 (CTRP1) is a paralog of adiponectin that belongs to the CTRP subfamily. CTRP1 is expressed and secreted in adipocytes, macrophages, cardiomyocytes, and other cells. It promotes lipid and glucose metabolism but has bidirectional effects on the regulation of inflammation. Inflammation can also inversely stimulate CTRP1 production. A vicious circle may exist between the two. This article introduces CTRP1 from the structure, expression, and different roles of CTRP1 in CVDs and metabolic diseases, to summarize the role of CTRP1 pleiotropy. Moreover, the proteins which may interact with CTRP1 are predicted through GeneCards and STRING, speculating their effects, to provide new ideas for the study of CTRP1. © 2023
2,2′,4,4′,5,5′-Hexabromophenyl ether (BDE-153) causes abnormal insulin secretion and disorders of glucose and lipid metabolism in mice; Background: Environmental polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) exposure may be associated with diabetes and obesity. 2,2′,4,4′,5,5′-Hexabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-153) is one of the most abundant and widely distributed homologs of PBDEs detected in humans. This study investigated the effects of BDE-153 on the expression of adipokines and glucose and lipid metabolism. Methods: Adult male C57BL/6 mice were divided into five BDE-153 groups and one control group. After BDE-153 exposure for 4 weeks, the levels of biochemical indexes and the mRNA and protein expression levels of leptin, adiponectin, peroxisome proliferators activated receptors gamma (PPARγ), and AMPKα were measured. The histomorphological changes of liver and pancreas tissues were observed. Results: After BDE-153 exposure, the weight of mice in the medium-high-dose group at different exposure times was lower than that in the control group (p all <0.05), and the body weight decreased slightly with the increase of the dose of BDE-153. BDE-153 caused the disorder of glucose and lipid metabolism in mice, the weight of liver and pancreas increased, lipid droplets accumulated in liver cells, and the positive rate of insulin staining increased in a dose-dependent manner. BDE-153 also interfered with the expression of PPARγ, AMPKα, and adipokines. The results of restrictive cubic splines (RCS) showed that there were a nonlinear dose-response relationship between the exposure dose of BDE-153 and the expression levels of PPARγ, AMPKα, and adipokines. Conclusion: Our results suggest that BDE-153 may interfere with the expression of adipokines and the secretion of insulin by affecting the expression of PPARγ and AMPKα, which play a key role in glucose and lipid metabolism, leading to the occurrence of glucose and lipid metabolism disorder. © Copyright 2023, the Chinese Medical Association.
The Labyrinthine Landscape of APP Processing: State of the Art and Possible Novel Soluble APP-Related Molecular Players in Traumatic Brain Injury and Neurodegeneration; Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP) and its cleavage processes have been widely investigated in the past, in particular in the context of Alzheimer’s Disease (AD). Evidence of an increased expression of APP and its amyloidogenic-related cleavage enzymes, β-secretase 1 (BACE1) and γ-secretase, at the hit axon terminals following Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), firstly suggested a correlation between TBI and AD. Indeed, mild and severe TBI have been recognised as influential risk factors for different neurodegenerative diseases, including AD. In the present work, we describe the state of the art of APP proteolytic processing, underlining the different roles of its cleavage fragments in both physiological and pathological contexts. Considering the neuroprotective role of the soluble APP alpha (sAPPα) fragment, we hypothesised that sAPPα could modulate the expression of genes of interest for AD and TBI. Hence, we present preliminary experiments addressing sAPPα-mediated regulation of BACE1, Isthmin 2 (ISM2), Tetraspanin-3 (TSPAN3) and the Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGFA), each discussed from a biological and pharmacological point of view in AD and TBI. We finally propose a neuroprotective interaction network, in which the Receptor for Activated C Kinase 1 (RACK1) and the signalling cascade of PKCβII/nELAV/VEGF play hub roles, suggesting that vasculogenic-targeting therapies could be a feasible approach for vascular-related brain injuries typical of AD and TBI. © 2023 by the authors.
Responses to Hypoxia: How Fructose Metabolism and Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-1a Pathways Converge in Health and Disease; Purpose of Review: Oxygen is critical for the high output of energy (adenosine triphosphate) generated by oxidative phosphorylation in the mitochondria, and when oxygen delivery is impaired due to systemic hypoxia, impaired or reduced delivery of red blood cells, or from local ischemia, survival processes are activated. Recent Findings: One major mechanism is the activation of hypoxia-inducible factors (HIFs) that act to reduce oxygen needs by blocking mitochondrial function and stimulating glucose uptake and glycolysis while also stimulating red blood cell production and local angiogenesis. Recently, endogenous fructose production with uric acid generation has also been shown to occur in hypoxic and ischemic tissues where it also appears to drive the same functions, and indeed, there is evidence that many of hypoxia-inducible factors effects may be mediated by the stimulation of fructose production and metabolism. Unfortunately, while being acutely protective, these same systems in overdrive lead to chronic inflammation and disease and may also be involved in the development of metabolic syndrome and related disease. The benefit of SGLT2 inhibitors may act in part by reducing the delivery of glucose with the stimulation of fructose formation, thereby allowing a conversion from the glycolytic metabolism to one involving mitochondrial metabolism. Summary: The use of hypoxia-inducible factor stabilizers is expected to aid the treatment of anemia but, in the long-term, could potentially lead to worsening cardiovascular and metabolic outcomes. We suggest more studies are needed on the use of these agents. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Atypical pituitary hormone-target tissue axis; A long-held belief is that pituitary hormones bind to their cognate receptors in classical target glands to actuate their manifold functions. However, a number of studies have shown that multiple types of pituitary hormone receptors are widely expressed in non-classical target organs. Each pituitary gland-derived hormone exhibits a wide range of nonconventional biological effects in these non-classical target organs. Herein, the extra biological functions of pituitary hormones, thyroid-stimulating hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, adrenocorticotrophic hormone, and prolactin when they act on non-classical organs were summarized, defined by the novel concept of an “atypical pituitary hormone–target tissue axis.” This novel proposal explains the pathomechanisms of abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism, obesity, hypertension, fatty liver, and atherosclerosis while offering a more comprehensive and systematic insights into the coordinated regulation of environmental factors, genetic factors, and neuroendocrine hormones on human biological functions. The continued exploration of the physiology of the “atypical pituitary hormone–target tissue axis” could enable the identification of novel therapeutic targets for metabolic diseases. © 2023, Higher Education Press.
Current Updates on the Role of Microbiome in Endometriosis: A Narrative Review; Endometriosis affects approximately 6 to 10% of reproductive-age women globally. Despite much effort invested, the pathogenesis that promotes the development, as well as the progression of this chronic inflammatory disease, is poorly understood. The imbalance in the microbiome or dysbiosis has been implicated in a variety of human diseases, especially the gut microbiome. In the case of endometriosis, emerging evidence suggests that there may be urogenital-gastrointestinal crosstalk that leads to the development of endometriosis. Researchers may now exploit important information from microbiome studies to design endometriosis treatment strategies and disease biomarkers with the use of advanced molecular technologies and increased computational capacity. Future studies into the functional profile of the microbiome would greatly assist in the development of microbiome-based therapies to alleviate endometriosis symptoms and improve the quality of life of women suffering from endometriosis. © 2023 by the authors.
Inflammation and Nutrition: Friend or Foe?; The importance of the interplay between inflammation and nutrition has generated much interest in recent times. Inflammation has been identified as a key driver for disease-related malnutrition, leading to anorexia, reduced food intake, muscle catabolism, and insulin resistance, which are stimulating a catabolic state. Interesting recent data suggest that inflammation also modulates the response to nutritional treatment. Studies have demonstrated that patients with high inflammation show no response to nutritional interventions, while patients with lower levels of inflammation do. This may explain the contradictory results of nutritional trials to date. Several studies of heterogeneous patient populations, or in the critically ill or advanced cancer patients, have not found significant benefits on clinical outcome. Vice versa, several dietary patterns and nutrients with pro- or anti-inflammatory properties have been identified, demonstrating that nutrition influences inflammation. Within this review, we summarize and discuss recent advances in both the role of inflammation in malnutrition and the effect of nutrition on inflammation. © 2023 by the authors.
Effectiveness of targeting the NLRP3 inflammasome by using natural polyphenols: A systematic review of implications on health effects; Globally, inflammation and metabolic disorders pose serious public health problems and are major health concerns. It has been shown that natural polyphenols are effective in the treatment of metabolic diseases, including anti-inflammation, anti-diabetes, anti-obesity, neuron-protection, and cardio-protection. NLRP3 inflammasome, which are multiprotein complexes located within the cytosol, play an important role in the innate immune system. However, aberrant activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome were discovered as essential molecular mechanisms in triggering inflammatory processes as well as implicating it in several major metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, atherosclerosis or cardiovascular disease. Recent studies indicate that natural polyphenols can inhibit NLRP3 inflammasome activation. In this review, the progress of natural polyphenols preventing inflammation and metabolic disorders via targeting NLRP3 inflammasome is systemically summarized. From the viewpoint of interfering NLRP3 inflammasome activation, the health effects of natural polyphenols are explained. Recent advances in other beneficial effects, clinical trials, and nano-delivery systems for targeting NLRP3 inflammasome are also reviewed. NLRP3 inflammasome is targeted by natural polyphenols to exert multiple health effects, which broadens the understanding of polyphenol mechanisms and provides valuable guidance to new researchers in this field. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Association between maternal obesity, essential fatty acids and biomarkers of fetal liver function; Maternal obesity and the imbalance in linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6, LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3, ALA) levels are related with hepatic disturbances in the offspring. However, whether these alterations are present during fetal life is not well understood. Obese and normal weight pregnant women were recruited to determine fatty acids (FAs) consumption, FAs profile (in maternal erythrocytes, placenta and neonatal very low-density lipoproteins VLDL) and biomarkers of fetal liver function, such as gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and albumin, in umbilical cord blood. Stearic acid (C18:0, ST) was lower, and total n-3 FAs tended to be lower in umbilical cord VLDLs of obese women compared to controls. Independently of maternal obesity, GGT levels in umbilical cord blood was positively correlated with the LA content and negatively correlated with the ALA content in maternal erythrocytes. We conclude that maternal obesity and its imbalance of LA and ALA are associated with changes in biomarkers of fetal liver function. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of Phytosterol Nano-dispersion on Blood Lipids and Glucose in High Fat Diet-fed Mice; Objective: To investigate the effect of phytosterol nano-dispersion (PSND) with sodium caseinate-dextran glycosylation complex on lowing blood lipid and glucose in obese mice induced by high-fat diet. Methods: SPF C57BL/6J male mice were randomly divided into normal control group (CK group), high-fat diet group (HFD group), low (L), middle (M) and high (H) dosing intervention groups. The mice of L, M and H groups separately drank the dispersions containing 0.3, 0.5 mg/mL and 0.7 mg/mL of phytosterol nano-dispersion. At the same time, they were fed with high-fat diet. After continuous feeding 15, 16 and 17 weeks, the fasting blood glucose, glucose tolerance test (GTT), insulin tolerance test (ITT) were determined, respectively. After 18 weeks, body weight, subcutaneous fat, epididymal fat, brown fat, fat coefficient, liver index, serum biochemistry and other indicators were measured. The mRNA expression of HMGCoA reductase (HMGCR), low density lipoprotein receptor (LDL-R) and cholesterol 7!-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) in liver were assayed. Results: After 18 weeks of PSND intervention, compared with the HFD group, the gain of weight of mice in the low (L, 0.3 mg/mL), middle (M, 0.5 mg/mL) and high (H, 0.7 mg/mL) groups decreased by 31.25%, 37.38% and 49.13%, respectively. The mass of subcutaneous fat decreased by 19.30%, 47.37% and 60.53% in three intervention groups, respectively. The mass of epididymal fat and brown fat decreased by 26.05% and 62.5% and in group H. At the same time, white fat cell enlargement and brown fat whiteness were inhibited with the intervention of phytosterol nano-dispersion. In H group, the liver index and contents of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), glutamic oxalacetic transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase(ALT) were significantly decreased. The expression of HMGCR (cholesterol synthesis related gene) was down-regulated in M and H groups, while the expression of LDL-R (cholesterol decomposition related gene) in all intervention groups and CYP7A1 in H group in were up-regulated. In M and H groups, the fasting blood glucose level of mice was reduced, and the glucose tolerance was improved as well as the insulin sensitivity in all intervention groups. Conclusion: phytosterol nano-dispersion with sodium caseinate-glucan glycosylation complex has significant effects of decreasing blood lipid and glucose and protecting the liver. This study provides the experimental basis for promoting the application of phytosterol in food. © 2023 Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Cholesterol Efflux on Endothelial Dysfunction Caused by Oxidative Stress; Endothelial dysfunction (ED) is the initiation of atherosclerosis (AS). Our previous studies have found that cholesterol metabolism and the Wnt/β-catenin pathway can affect endoplasmic reticulum stress (ER stress), which ultimately leads to ED. However, the effects of cholesterol efflux on ED, which are caused by oxidative stress and the correlation among ER stress, Wnt/β-catenin pathway, and cholesterol efflux, are not clear during ED. To uncover them, the expressions of liver X receptors (LXRα and LXRβ) and ATP-binding cassette protein A1 (ABCA1) and G1 (ABCG1) in HUVECs (human umbilical vein endothelial cells) were measured under oxidative stress. Moreover, HUVECs were treated with LXR-623 (LXR agonist), cholesterol, tunicamycin, and salinomycin alone or together. The results indicated that oxidative stress-induced ED could deregulate the expressions of LXRα and LXRβ and trigger the ER stress and Wnt/β-catenin pathway, resulting thereafter in the accumulation of cholesterol. Furthermore, similar results were shown after treatment with cholesterol; however, the activation of liver X receptor (LXR) could reverse these changes. Furthermore, other results demonstrated that tunicamycin-induced ER stress could stimulate the accumulation of cholesterol and the Wnt/β-catenin pathway, further leading to ED. Inversely, salinomycin could reverse the above effects by deregulating the Wnt/β-catenin pathway. Collectively, our results showed that cholesterol efflux is partly responsible for the oxidative stress-induced ED; in addition, ER stress, the Wnt/β-catenin pathway, and cholesterol metabolism can interact with each other to promote ED. © 2023 by the authors.
Third trimester re-screening for gestational diabetes in morbidly obese women despite earlier negative test can reveal risks for obstetrical complications; Aim: We investigated associations of maternal obesity with late gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosis (>34 weeks) in women with previous normal glucose screening, and associations of late GDM with obstetrical outcomes. Methods: This retrospective cohort study assessed obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of 238 women with normal (24–28 week) glucose screening results, who underwent late repeat oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) (>34 weeks) due to a suspected LGA fetus (54.6%) or polyhydramnios (45.4%). A sub-analysis was performed of outcomes of women with late versus mid-trimester GDM. Results: The GDM rate in repeat OGTT screening was 22.2% for the total sample, and 33% among women with morbid obesity. Among women with late GDM versus without late GDM, rates were higher for macrosomia, large-for-gestational-age fetus induction of labor, neonatal hypoglycemia, jaundice, and the need for phototherapy. Among women with late GDM, a higher pregestational BMI was associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Higher risks for macrosomia and CS due to macrosomia were demonstrated in women with late vs. mid-trimester GDM. Conclusion: Late screening in pregnancy may reveal GDM among women with previous normal glucose screening, particularly among those with late third trimester BMI ≥ 35 kg/m2, GDM in a previous pregnancy or fasting glucose >95 mg/dl. Women diagnosed with GDM at >34 weeks following normal glucose screening at 24–28 weeks are at higher risk for adverse perinatal outcomes. For women with morbid obesity, or suspected macrosomia or polyhydramnios in the late third trimester, and normal glucose screening in the second trimester, retesting should be considered. © 2022 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Effects of High-dose Folic Acid Supplementation on Maternal/Child Health Outcomes: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnancy and Insulin Resistance in Offspring; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of maternal high folic acid (FA) supplementation during pregnancy on glucose intolerance in dams and insulin resistance in offspring. Methods: Wistar female rats (n=18) were mated and randomly divided into 3 groups: a control group and 2 experimental groups. Three different feeding protocols were administered during pregnancy: control group, 2 mg/kg FA (recommended level FA supplementation); experimental 1 group, 5 mg/kg FA (tolerable upper intake level of FA supplementation [ULFolS]); and experimental 2 group, 40 mg/kg FA (high FA supplementation [HfolS]). All dams were fed the same FA content diet (2 mg/kg FA) during the lactation period. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed on day 16 of pregnancy. After the lactation period, body weight and food intake of 36 pups were monitored. Dams were euthanized at the end of the lactation period and half of the pups were euthanized at the end of week 7 and the others at the end of week 12. Serum FA, homocysteine, vitamin B12, insulin, glucose, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, glycated hemoglobin (A1C), and adiponectin levels of mothers and pups were evaluated. The homeostatic model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to determine insulin resistance in dams and offspring. Results: According to glucose tolerance test results of dams, blood glucose values at minutes 0, 60, 90, and 120 for the HFolS group were significantly higher compared with the control group (p<0.05). The A1C level in HFolS dams was significantly higher than in the control group (p<0.05). The mean birthweight of the pups in the HFolS group was significantly higher than that of control pups (p<0.05). HOMA-IR values for control and HFolS offspring were similar at weeks 7 and 12 and higher than in ULFolS offspring (p>0.05). Conclusions: It was determined that high doses of FA exposure during pregnancy might be effective in the development of glucose intolerance in dams and insulin resistance in offspring in this study. © 2022 Canadian Diabetes Association
Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics - 2023 Update: A Report from the American Heart Association; Background: The American Heart Association, in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health, annually reports the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular risk factors, including core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure, valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). Methods: The American Heart Association, through its Epidemiology and Prevention Statistics Committee, continuously monitors and evaluates sources of data on heart disease and stroke in the United States to provide the most current information available in the annual Statistical Update with review of published literature through the year before writing. The 2023 Statistical Update is the product of a full year's worth of effort in 2022 by dedicated volunteer clinicians and scientists, committed government professionals, and American Heart Association staff members. The American Heart Association strives to further understand and help heal health problems inflicted by structural racism, a public health crisis that can significantly damage physical and mental health and perpetuate disparities in access to health care, education, income, housing, and several other factors vital to healthy lives. This year's edition includes additional COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) publications, as well as data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population, with an enhanced focus on health equity across several key domains. Results: Each of the chapters in the Statistical Update focuses on a different topic related to heart disease and stroke statistics. Conclusions: The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policymakers, media professionals, clinicians, health care administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Circulating miRNAs associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are secreted from cells as either protein-bound or enclosed in extracellular vesicles. Circulating liver-derived miRNAs are modifiable by weight-loss or insulin-sensitizing treatments, indicating that they could be important biomarker candidates for diagnosis, monitoring, and prognosis in nonalcoholic liver disease (NAFLD) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Unfortunately, the noninvasive diagnosis of NASH and fibrosis remains a key challenge, which limits case finding. Current diagnostic guidelines, therefore, recommend liver biopsies, with risks of pain and bleeding for the patient and substantial healthcare costs. Here, we summarize mechanisms of RNA secretion and review circulating RNAs associated with NAFLD and NASH for their biomarker potential. Few circulating miRNAs are consistently associated with NAFLD/NASH: miR-122, miR-21, miR-34a, miR-192, miR-193, and the miR-17-92 miRNA-cluster. The hepatocyte-enriched miRNA-122 is consistently increased in NAFLD and NASH but decreased in liver cirrhosis. Circulating miR-34a, part of an existing diagnostic algorithm for NAFLD, and miR-21 are consistently increased in NAFLD and NASH. MiR-192 appears to be prominently upregulated in NASH compared with NAFDL, whereas miR-193 was reported to distinguish NASH from fibrosis. Various members of miRNA cluster miR-17-92 are reported to be associated with NAFLD and NASH, although with less consistency. Several other circulating miRNAs have been reported to be associated with fatty liver in a few studies, indicating the existence of more circulating miRNAs with relevant as diagnostic markers for NAFLD or NASH. Thus, circulating miRNAs show potential as biomarkers of fatty liver disease, but more information about phenotype specificity and longitudinal regulation is needed. Copyright © 2023 the American Physiological Society.
Adult exposure of atrazine alone or in combination with carbohydrate diet hastens the onset/progression of type 2 diabetes in Drosophila; Aim: The combined impact of traditional and non-traditional risk factors of type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development and progression of insulin resistance and associated complications is poorly understood. Therefore, we assessed the effect of moderately rich sugar diet coupled with environmental chemical exposure on the development and progression of T2D using Drosophila as a model organism. Main methods: We reared newly eclosed Drosophila males on a diet containing atrazine (20 μg/ml; non-traditional risk factor) and/or moderately high sucrose (0.5 M/1 M; to mimic binge eating, Traditional risk factor) for 20–30 days. Subsequently, we assessed diabetic parameters, oxidative stress parameters and also the abundance of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) along with their receptor (RAGE) in these flies. For diabetic cardiomyopathy, we examined the pericardin (tissue fibrosis marker) level in Drosophila heart. Key findings: Flies reared on 20 μg/ml atrazine alone showed T2D hallmarks at 30 days. In contrast, flies reared on 0.5 M sucrose+ 20 μg/ml atrazine showed insulin resistance characterized by hyperglycemia and increased Drosophila insulin-like peptides along with reduced insulin signaling at 20 days, similar to those reared on high sucrose diet. In addition, both groups had high levels of oxidative stress and showed starvation response (converting triglycerides into fatty acids). Alarmingly, flies fed with sucrose+atrazine for 20 and 30 days had elevated pericardin in heart tissues, indicating early onset of diabetic complications such as cardiomyopathy. Significance: Lifestyle-chemical exposure synergistically impairs glucose metabolism, affects organisms' redox state and leads to the early onset of T2D and associated complications like cardiomyopathy. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Mouse Models of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Subtypes: Recent Insights and Pitfalls; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is currently the most common complication of pregnancy and is defined as a glucose intolerance disorder with recognition during pregnancy. GDM is considered a uniform group of patients in conventional guidelines. In recent years, evidence of the disease’s heterogeneity has led to a growing understanding of the value of dividing patients into different subpopulations. Furthermore, in view of the increasing incidence of hyperglycemia outside pregnancy, it is likely that many cases diagnosed as GDM are in fact patients with undiagnosed pre-pregnancy impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Experimental models contribute significantly to the understanding of the pathogenesis of GDM and numerous animal models have been described in the literature. The aim of this review is to provide an overview of the existing mouse models of GDM, in particular those that have been obtained by genetic manipulation. However, these commonly used models have certain limitations in the study of the pathogenesis of GDM and cannot fully describe the heterogeneous spectrum of this polygenic disease. The polygenic New Zealand obese (NZO) mouse is introduced as a recently emerged model of a subpopulation of GDM. Although this strain lacks conventional GDM, it exhibits prediabetes and an IGT both preconceptionally and during gestation. In addition, it should be emphasized that the choice of an appropriate control strain is of great importance in metabolic studies. The commonly used control strain C57BL/6N, which exhibits IGT during gestation, is discussed in this review as a potential model of GDM. © 2023 by the authors.
Therapeutic Potential of Phenolic Compounds in Medicinal Plants—Natural Health Products for Human Health; Phenolic compounds and flavonoids are potential substitutes for bioactive agents in pharmaceutical and medicinal sections to promote human health and prevent and cure different diseases. The most common flavonoids found in nature are anthocyanins, flavones, flavanones, flavonols, flavanonols, isoflavones, and other sub-classes. The impacts of plant flavonoids and other phenolics on human health promoting and diseases curing and preventing are antioxidant effects, antibacterial impacts, cardioprotective effects, anticancer impacts, immune system promoting, anti-inflammatory effects, and skin protective effects from UV radiation. This work aims to provide an overview of phenolic compounds and flavonoids as potential and important sources of pharmaceutical and medical application according to recently published studies, as well as some interesting directions for future research. The keyword searches for flavonoids, phenolics, isoflavones, tannins, coumarins, lignans, quinones, xanthones, curcuminoids, stilbenes, cucurmin, phenylethanoids, and secoiridoids medicinal plant were performed by using Web of Science, Scopus, Google scholar, and PubMed. Phenolic acids contain a carboxylic acid group in addition to the basic phenolic structure and are mainly divided into hydroxybenzoic and hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxybenzoic acids are based on a C6-C1 skeleton and are often found bound to small organic acids, glycosyl moieties, or cell structural components. Common hydroxybenzoic acids include gallic, syringic, protocatechuic, p-hydroxybenzoic, vanillic, gentistic, and salicylic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are based on a C6-C3 skeleton and are also often bound to other molecules such as quinic acid and glucose. The main hydroxycinnamic acids are caffeic, p-coumaric, ferulic, and sinapic acids. © 2023 by the authors.
Research progress on chemical constituents of Schisandra chinensis and its effect on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Schisandra chinensis, a traditional Chinese medicinal herb, is rich in chemical constituents, including lignans, triterpenes, polysaccharides, and volatile oils. Clinically, it is commonly used to treat cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, liver, gastrointestinal, and respiratory diseases. Modern pharmacological studies have shown that S. chinensis extract and monomers have multiple pharmacological activities in lowering liver fat, alleviating insulin resistance, and resisting oxidative stress, and have good application prospects in alleviating nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Therefore, this study reviewed the research progress on chemical constituents of S. chinensis and its effect on NAFLD in recent years to provide references for the research on S. chinensis in the treatment of NAFLD. © 2023 Zhongguo Zhongyi Yanjiuyuan. All rights reserved.
The nature of the binding between insulin receptor and serotonin transporter in placenta (review); The interplay between the insulin receptor (IR) and serotonin transporter (SERT) allows reciprocal regulation of each other's physiological roles to ensure appropriate responses to specific environmental and developmental signals. The studies reported herein provided substantial evidence of how insulin signaling influences the modification and trafficking of SERT to the plasma membrane via enabling its association with specific endoplasmic reticulum (ER) proteins. While insulin signaling is important for the modifications of SERT proteins, the fact that phosphorylation of IR was significantly down-regulated in the placenta of SERT knock out (KO) mice suggests that SERT also regulates IR. Further suggestive of SERT functional regulation of IR, SERT-KO mice developed obesity and glucose intolerance with symptoms similar to those of type 2 diabetes. The picture emerging from those studies proposes that the interplay between IR and SERT maintains conditions supportive of IR phosphorylation and regulates insulin signaling in placenta which ultimately enables the trafficking of SERT to the plasma membrane. IR-SERT association thus appears to play a protective metabolic role in placenta and is impaired under diabetic conditions. This review focuses on recent findings describing the functional and physical associations between IR and SERT in placental cells, and the dysregulation of this process in diabetes. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Metabolic perturbations in pregnant rats exposed to low-dose perfluorooctanesulfonic acid: An integrated multi-omics analysis; Emerging epidemiological evidence has linked per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) exposure could be linked to the disturbance of gestational glucolipid metabolism, but the toxicological mechanism is unclear, especially when the exposure is at a low level. This study examined the glucolipid metabolic changes in pregnant rats treated with relatively low dose perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) through oral gavage during pregnancy [gestational day (GD): 1–18]. We explored the molecular mechanisms underlying the metabolic perturbation. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and biochemical tests were performed to assess the glucose homeostasis and serum lipid profiles in pregnant Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats randomly assigned to starch, 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg·bw·d groups. Transcriptome sequencing combined with non-targeted metabolomic assays were further performed to identify differentially altered genes and metabolites in the liver of maternal rats, and to determine their correlation with the maternal metabolic phenotypes. Results of transcriptome showed that differentially expressed genes at 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg·bw·d PFOS exposure were related to several metabolic pathways, such as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) signaling, ovarian steroid synthesis, arachidonic acid metabolism, insulin resistance, cholesterol metabolism, unsaturated fatty acid synthesis, bile acid secretion. The untargeted metabolomics identified 164 and 158 differential metabolites in 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg·bw·d exposure groups, respectively under negative ion mode of Electrospray Ionization (ESI-), which could be enriched in metabolic pathways such as α-linolenic acid metabolism, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, glycerolipid metabolism, glucagon signaling pathway, glycine, serine and threonine metabolism. Co-enrichment analysis indicated that PFOS exposure may disturb the metabolism pathways of glycerolipid, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, linoleic acid, steroid biosynthesis, glycine, serine and threonine. The key involved genes included down-regulated Ppp1r3c and Abcd2, and up-regulated Ogdhland Ppp1r3g, and the key metabolites such as increased glycerol 3-phosphate and lactosylceramide were further identified. Both of them were significantly associated with maternal fasting blood glucose (FBG) level. Our findings may provide mechanistic clues for clarifying metabolic toxicity of PFOS in human, especially for susceptible population such as pregnant women. © 2023 The Author(s)
Predicting Hepatotoxicity Associated with Low-Dose Methotrexate Using Machine Learning; An accurate prediction of the hepatotoxicity associated with low-dose methotrexate can provide evidence for a reasonable treatment choice. This study aimed to develop a machine learning-based prediction model to predict hepatotoxicity associated with low-dose methotrexate and explore the associated risk factors. Eligible patients with immune system disorders, who received low-dose methotrexate at West China Hospital between 1 January 2018, and 31 December 2019, were enrolled. A retrospective review of the included patients was conducted. Risk factors were selected from multiple patient characteristics, including demographics, admissions, and treatments. Eight algorithms, including eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), AdaBoost, CatBoost, Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT), Light Gradient Boosting Machine (LightGBM), Tree-based Pipeline Optimization Tool (TPOT), Random Forest (RF), and Artificial Neural Network (ANN), were used to establish the prediction model. A total of 782 patients were included, and hepatotoxicity was detected in 35.68% (279/782) of the patients. The Random Forest model with the best predictive capacity was chosen to establish the prediction model (receiver operating characteristic curve 0.97, accuracy 64.33%, precision 50.00%, recall 32.14%, and F1 39.13%). Among the 15 risk factors, the highest score was a body mass index of 0.237, followed by age (0.198), the number of drugs (0.151), and the number of comorbidities (0.144). These factors demonstrated their importance in predicting hepatotoxicity associated with low-dose methotrexate. Using machine learning, this novel study established a predictive model for low-dose methotrexate-related hepatotoxicity. The model can improve medication safety in patients taking methotrexate in clinical practice. © 2023 by the authors.
Nutritional ultrasound®: Conceptualisation, technical considerations and standardisation; Nutritional ultrasound® is a new concept that uses ultrasound to assess body composition. It is composed of the evaluation of fat-free mass and fat mass. It is an emerging, economical, portable, non-invasive technique that evaluates the musculoskeletal area with linear, broadband, multifrequency probes, with a depth field of 20–100 mm. It quantifies muscle modifications in malnutrition and provides information on functional changes (echogenicity). Although there are no validated specific cut-off points, the anterior rectum area of the quadriceps can be used as a criterion for malnutrition. The distribution of adipose tissue provides information on the energy reserve and the inflammatory pattern. It is important to integrate nutritional ultrasound® measures in clinical practice adapted to different settings and pathologies. It is necessary to establish training plans in nutritional ultrasound® for use by Endocrinology and Nutrition Specialists, with the aim of improving the diagnosis and treatment of their patients. © 2022
Exposure to Endocrine-Disrupting Chemicals and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Later Life; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), one of the most common chronic metabolic diseases, involves a complex interaction among genetic, epigenetic, and environmental risk factors. The incidence and prevalence of T2DM are rapidly increasing globally. In recent years, increasing body of evidences from both human and animal studies have displayed an association between exposure to early unfavorable life factors such as endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) and the prevalence of T2DM in later life. The exogenous EDCs can lead to disadvantageous metabolic consequences because they interfere with the synthesis, secretion, transport, binding, action, and metabolism of endogenous hormones. EDCs also have long-term adverse effects on newborns, children, and adolescents by causing increased susceptibility to T2DM in adults. This review summarizes the most recent advances in this field, including diabetes-related EDCs (bisphenol A, phthalates, chlordane compounds, parabens, pesticides, and other diabetes-related EDCs), EDC exposure and gestational diabetes mellitus, prenatal and perinatal EDC exposures and T2DM, adult EDC exposure and T2DM, transgenerational effects of EDCs on T2DM as well as the possible diabetogenic mechanisms. © 2022, The Author(s).
Type I Diabetes Pathoetiology and Pathophysiology: Roles of the Gut Microbiome, Pancreatic Cellular Interactions, and the ‘Bystander’ Activation of Memory CD8+ T Cells; Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) arises from the failure of pancreatic β-cells to produce adequate insulin, usually as a consequence of extensive pancreatic β-cell destruction. T1DM is classed as an immune-mediated condition. However, the processes that drive pancreatic β-cell apoptosis remain to be determined, resulting in a failure to prevent ongoing cellular destruction. Alteration in mitochondrial function is clearly the major pathophysiological process underpinning pancreatic β-cell loss in T1DM. As with many medical conditions, there is a growing interest in T1DM as to the role of the gut microbiome, including the interactions of gut bacteria with Candida albicans fungal infection. Gut dysbiosis and gut permeability are intimately associated with raised levels of circulating lipopolysaccharide and suppressed butyrate levels, which can act to dysregulate immune responses and systemic mitochondrial function. This manuscript reviews broad bodies of data on T1DM pathophysiology, highlighting the importance of alterations in the mitochondrial melatonergic pathway of pancreatic β-cells in driving mitochondrial dysfunction. The suppression of mitochondrial melatonin makes pancreatic β-cells susceptible to oxidative stress and dysfunctional mitophagy, partly mediated by the loss of melatonin’s induction of PTEN-induced kinase 1 (PINK1), thereby suppressing mitophagy and increasing autoimmune associated major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-1. The immediate precursor to melatonin, N-acetylserotonin (NAS), is a brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) mimic, via the activation of the BDNF receptor, TrkB. As both the full-length and truncated TrkB play powerful roles in pancreatic β-cell function and survival, NAS is another important aspect of the melatonergic pathway relevant to pancreatic β-cell destruction in T1DM. The incorporation of the mitochondrial melatonergic pathway in T1DM pathophysiology integrates wide bodies of previously disparate data on pancreatic intercellular processes. The suppression of Akkermansia muciniphila, Lactobacillus johnsonii, butyrate, and the shikimate pathway—including by bacteriophages—contributes to not only pancreatic β-cell apoptosis, but also to the bystander activation of CD8+ T cells, which increases their effector function and prevents their deselection in the thymus. The gut microbiome is therefore a significant determinant of the mitochondrial dysfunction driving pancreatic β-cell loss as well as ‘autoimmune’ effects derived from cytotoxic CD8+ T cells. This has significant future research and treatment implications. © 2023 by the author.
Genetic Variations in Angiotensinogen Gene and Risk of Preeclampsia: A Pilot Study; Preeclampsia (PE) is a typical hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) which can cause substantial morbidity and mortality in both pregnant women and fetuses. The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) genes are the main HDP-causing genes, and Angiotensinogen (AGT) as the initial substrate can directly reflect the activity of the entire RAS. However, the association between AGT SNPs and PE risk has rarely been confirmed. This study was carried out to determine whether AGT SNPs could affect the risk of PE in 228 cases and 358 controls. The genotyping result revealed that the AGT rs7079 TT carrier was related to increased PE risk. Further stratified analysis illustrated that the rs7079 TT genotype significantly increased the PE risk in subgroups of Age < 35, BMI < 25, Albumin (ALB) ≥ 30 and Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) < 30. These findings demonstrated that the rs7079 might be a promising candidate SNP strongly associated with PE susceptibility. © 2023 by the authors.
Maturational patterns of the infant gut mycobiome are associated with early-life body mass index; Unlike the bacterial microbiome, the role of early-life gut fungi in host metabolism and childhood obesity development remains poorly characterized. To address this, we investigate the relationship between the gut mycobiome of 100 infants from the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) Cohort Study and body mass index Z scores (BMIz) in the first 5 years of life. An increase in fungal richness during the first year of life is linked to parental and infant BMI. The relationship between richness pattern and early-life BMIz is modified by maternal BMI, maternal diet, infant antibiotic exposure, and bacterial beta diversity. Further, the abundances of Saccharomyces, Rhodotorula, and Malassezia are differentially associated with early-life BMIz. Using structural equation modeling, we determine that the mycobiome's contribution to BMIz is likely mediated by the bacterial microbiome. This demonstrates that mycobiome maturation and infant growth trajectories are distinctly linked, advocating for inclusion of fungi in larger pediatric microbiome studies. © 2023 The Authors
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor in diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a neurotrophic factor expressed in several tissues, including the brain, gut, and pancreas. Activation of the BDNF/TrkB/CREB reduces hepatic gluconeogenesis, induces hepatic insulin signal transduction, and protects against pancreatic beta-cell loss in diabetes mellitus (DM). Several studies have investigated the possible association between BDNF and DM and its complications, but the results have been conflicting. Aim In the present study, we aimed at systematically reviewing the literature on the serum and plasma levels of BDNF in DM and its subgroups such as T2DM, DM patients with depression, and patients with retinopathy. Methods A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science. We identified 28 eligible studies and calculated the standardized mean difference (SMD) of outcomes as an effect measure. Results The meta-analysis included 2734 patients with DM and 6004 controls. Serum BDNF levels were significantly lower in patients with DM vs. controls (SMD = -1.00, P<0.001). Plasma BDNF levels were not different in patients with DM compared with controls. When conducting subgroup analysis, serum BDNF levels were lower among patients with T2DM (SMD = -1.26, P<0.001), DM and depression (SMD = -1.69, P<0.001), and patients with diabetic retinopathy (DR) vs. controls (SMD = -1.03, P = 0.01). Conclusions Serum BDNF levels were lower in patients with DM, T2DM, DM with depression, and DM and DR than the controls. Our findings are in line with the hypothesis that decreased BDNF levels might impair glucose metabolism and contribute to the pathogenesis of DM and its complications. © 2023 Moosaie et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Change in the Gut Microbiome and Immunity by Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus Probio-M9; With the exploding growth of the global market for probiotics and the rapid awakening of public awareness to manage health by probiotic intervention, there is still an active debate about whether the consumption of probiotics is beneficial for nonpatients, which is due to the lack of systematic analysis based on time series multiomics data sets. In this study, we recruited 100 adults from a college in China and performed a random case-control study by using a probiotic (Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus Probio-M9) as an intervention for 6 weeks, aiming to achieve a comprehensive evaluation and understanding of the beneficial effect of Probio-M9 consumption. By testing advanced blood immunity indicators, sequencing the gut microbiome, and profiling the gut metabolome at baseline and the end of the study, we found that although the probiotic intervention has a limited impact on the human immunity and the gut microbiome and metabolome, the associations between the immunity indicators and multiomics data were strengthened, and further analysis of the gut microbiome’s genetic variations revealed inhibited generation of single nucleotide variants (SNVs) by probiotic consumption. Taken together, our findings indicated an underestimated influence of the probiotic, not on altering the microbial composition but on strengthening the association between human immunity and commensal microbes and stabilizing the genetic variations of the gut microbiome. Copyright © 2023 Zhang et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.
Assessments of Perfusion, Blood Flow, and Vascular Structure in Ambulatory Subjects: Guidance for Translational Research Scientists; Research involving human subjects in ambulatory settings is a critical link in the chain comprising translational research, spanning preclinical research to human subject and patient cohort studies. There are presently a wide array of techniques and approaches available to investigators wishing to study blood flow, perfusion, and vascular structure and function in human subjects. In this multi-sectioned review, we discuss capillaroscopy, carotid intima-media thickness, flow-mediated dilation, laser Doppler flowmetry, near-infrared spectroscopy, peripheral arterial tonometry, pulse wave velocity, retinal fundus imaging, and vascular plethysmography. Each section contains a general overview and the physical basis of the technique followed by a discussion of the procedures involved and the necessary equipment, with attention paid to specific requirements or limitations. Subsequently, we detail which aspects of vascular function can be studied with a given technique, the analytical approach to the collected data, and the appropriate application and limitation(s) to the interpretation of the data collected. Finally, a modified scoping review provides a summary of how each assessment technique has been applied in previous studies. It is anticipated that this review will provide an efficient source of information and insight for preclinical investigators seeking to add translational aspects to their research programs.  © 2023 S. Karger AG. All rights reserved.
Inherited Epigenetic Hallmarks of Childhood Obesity Derived from Prenatal Exposure to Obesogens; Childhood obesity has reached epidemic levels in developed countries and is becoming a major cause for concern in the developing world. The causes of childhood obesity are complex and multifactorial, involving the interaction between individual genetics and environmental and developmental factors. Among the environmental factors, there is a growing interest in understanding the possible relationship between the so-called environmental obesogens and the development of obesity in children. Exposure to these obesogens such as phthalates, bisphenol A, or parabens, has been identified as a promoter of obesity through different mechanisms such as the alteration of adipocyte development from mesenchymal progenitors, the interference with hormone receptors, and induced inflammation. However, less attention has been paid to the inheritance of epigenetic modifications due to maternal exposure to these compounds during pregnancy. Thus, the aim of this review is to summarize the current knowledge of epigenetic modifications due to maternal exposure to those obesogens during pregnancy as well as their potential implication on long-term obesity development in the offspring and transgenerational inheritance of epiphenotypes. © 2023 by the authors.
Dietary fiber konjac glucomannan exerts an antidiabetic effect via inhibiting lipid absorption and regulation of PPAR-γ and gut microbiome; Konjac glucomannan's influence on the regulation of diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, and gut microbial flora was evaluated in this study. In addition, a high-fat diet and streptozotocin were used to induce type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats. At the end of the study, we analyzed various parameters such as body weight, plasma lipid profile, insulin levels by immunohistochemistry, degree of fibrosis in the liver, protein expression of PPAR-γ and p-SREBP-1C and gut microbial changes using 16S rRNA sequencing. The results of our study suggest that KGM supplementation significantly reduced the plasma lipid profile (TC, TG, VLDL, LDL, etc.). In addition, KGM has improved insulin levels, which were visualized using immunohistochemistry. Furthermore, KGM also regulated the protein expression of key regulatory proteins of lipid metabolism PPAR-γ and p-SREBP-1C (Group 3). Similar results were seen in the groups treated with the standard drug rosiglitazone (group 4). Finally, the 16S rRNA sequencing shows that KGM contributes to gut microbiota composition alterations, and it was observed using the Simpson, Shannon, Chao-1, and actual otus indices (group 3). KGM further alters the production of beneficial SCFAs and helps host good health. Furthermore, several metabolic pathways have been activated in T2DM rats. As a result, it becomes apparent that the digestive system's microbiome will play a role in T2DM. KGM has various health advantages but is particularly useful in treating hyperlipidemia and diabetes. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Role of Adiponectin during Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes; Pregnancy involves a range of metabolic adaptations to supply adequate energy for fetal growth and development. Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as hyperglycemia with first onset during pregnancy. GDM is a recognized risk factor for both pregnancy complications and long-term maternal and offspring risk of cardiometabolic disease development. While pregnancy changes maternal metabolism, GDM can be viewed as a maladaptation by maternal systems to pregnancy, which may include mechanisms such as insufficient insulin secretion, dysregulated hepatic glucose output, mitochondrial dysfunction and lipotoxicity. Adiponectin is an adipose-tissue-derived adipokine that circulates in the body and regulates a diverse range of physiologic mechanisms including energy metabolism and insulin sensitivity. In pregnant women, circulating adiponectin levels decrease correspondingly with insulin sensitivity, and adiponectin levels are low in GDM. In this review, we summarize the current state of knowledge about metabolic adaptations to pregnancy and the role of adiponectin in these processes, with a focus on GDM. Recent studies from rodent model systems have clarified that adiponectin deficiency during pregnancy contributes to GDM development. The upregulation of adiponectin alleviates hyperglycemia in pregnant mice, although much remains to be understood for adiponectin to be utilized clinically for GDM. © 2023 by the authors.
Improvement effect of a next-generation probiotic L. plantarum-pMG36e-GLP-1 on type 2 diabetes mellitus via the gut-pancreas-liver axis; Next-generation probiotics (NGPs) are currently being investigated as therapeutic agents that impact the gut microbiota and disease development. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) shows an excellent therapeutic effect on diabetes, but has an extremely short half-life in vivo. Here, we constructed a novel and diabetes-specific NGP, the genetically engineered strain Lactobacillus plantarum (L. plantarum)-pMG36e-GLP-1, and evaluated its ameliorative effect on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in artificially induced mice and transgenic mice. In vitro, L. plantarum-pMG36e-GLP-1 showed good genetic stability and probiotic characteristics. In the high-fat diet combined with streptozotocin (HFD/STZ)-induced T2DM mice, L. plantarum-pMG36e-GLP-1 relieved the diabetic symptoms, regulated the intestinal microbiota, and reduced the inflammatory reaction in the pancreatic tissue. Meanwhile, the apoptosis of pancreatic islet cells was inhibited, while islet tissue morphology repairs, islet β-cell proliferation, and insulin secretion were all promoted by L. plantarum-pMG36e-GLP-1. Furthermore, a similar effect of the engineered strain on diabetic symptoms and the pancreas was observed in db/db mice, and the metabolism of lipids in the liver was regulated. Together, the findings of this study confirmed the anti-hyperglycemic effect of the engineered strain L. plantarum-pMG36e-GLP-1, providing a promising approach for T2DM treatment. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Immunology of pregnancy and reproductive health in autoimmune rheumatic diseases. Update from the 11th International Conference on Reproduction, Pregnancy and Rheumatic Diseases; Autoimmune rheumatic diseases (ARD) can affect women and men during fertile age, therefore reproductive health is a priority issue in rheumatology. Many topics need to be considered during preconception counselling: fertility, the impact of disease-related factors on pregnancy outcomes, the influence of pregnancy on disease activity, the compatibility of medications with pregnancy and breastfeeding. Risk stratification and individualized treatment approach elaborated by a multidisciplinary team minimize the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). Research has been focused on identifying biomarkers that can be predictive of APO. Specifically, preeclampsia and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy tend to develop more frequently in women with ARD. Placental insufficiency can lead to intrauterine growth restriction and small-for-gestational age newborns. Such APO have been shown to be associated with maternal disease activity in different ARD. Therefore, a key message to be addressed to the woman wishing for a pregnancy and to her family is that treatment with compatible drugs is the best way to ensure maternal and fetal wellbeing. An increasing number of medications have entered the management of ARD, but data about their use in pregnancy and lactation are scarce. More information is needed for most biologic drugs and their biosimilars, and for the so-called small molecules, while there is sufficient evidence to recommend the use of TNF inhibitors if needed for keeping maternal disease under control. Other issues related to the reproductive journey have emerged as “unmet needs”, such as sexual dysfunction, contraception, medically assisted reproduction techniques, long-term outcome of children, and they will be addressed in this review paper. Collaborative research has been instrumental to reach current knowledge and the future will bring novel insights thanks to pregnancy registries and prospective studies that have been established in several Countries and to their joint efforts in merging data. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The Effects of Probiotics on Small Intestinal Microbiota Composition, Inflammatory Cytokines and Intestinal Permeability in Patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has soared globally. As our understanding of the disease grows, the role of the gut-liver axis (GLA) in NAFLD pathophysiology becomes more apparent. Hence, we focused mainly on the small intestinal area to explore the role of GLA. We looked at how multi-strain probiotics (MCP® BCMC® strains) containing six different Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium species affected the small intestinal gut microbiota, inflammatory cytokines, and permeability in NAFLD patients. After six months of supplementation, biochemical blood analysis did not show any discernible alterations in either group. Five predominant phyla known as Actinobacteria, Proteobacteria, Firmicutes, Bacteroidota and Fusobacteria were found in NAFLD patients. The probiotics group demonstrated a significant cluster formation of microbiota composition through beta-diversity analysis (p < 0.05). This group significantly reduced three unclassifiable species: unclassified_Proteobacteria, unclassified_Streptococcus, and unclassified_Stenotrophomonas. In contrast, the placebo group showed a significant increase in Prevotella_melaninogenica and Rothia_mucilaginosa, which were classified as pathogens. Real-time quantitative PCR analysis of small intestinal mucosal inflammatory cytokines revealed a significant decrease in IFN-γ (−7.9 ± 0.44, p < 0.0001) and TNF-α (−0.96 ± 0.25, p < 0.0033) in the probiotics group but an increase in IL-6 (12.79 ± 2.24, p < 0.0001). In terms of small intestinal permeability analysis, the probiotics group, unfortunately, did not show any positive changes through ELISA analysis. Both probiotics and placebo groups exhibited a significant increase in the level of circulating zonulin (probiotics: 107.6 ng/mL ± 124.7, p = 0.005 vs. placebo: 106.9 ng/mL ± 101.3, p = 0.0002) and a significant decrease in circulating zonula occluden-1 (ZO-1) (probiotics: −34.51 ng/mL ± 18.38, p < 0.0001 vs. placebo: −33.34 ng/mL ± 16.62, p = 0.0001). The consumption of Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium suggested the presence of a well-balanced gut microbiota composition. Probiotic supplementation improves dysbiosis in NAFLD patients. This eventually stabilised the expression of inflammatory cytokines and mucosal immune function. To summarise, more research on probiotic supplementation as a supplement to a healthy diet and lifestyle is required to address NAFLD and its underlying causes. © 2023 by the authors.
Mechanisms of Maternal Diet-Induced Obesity Affecting the Offspring Brain and Development of Affective Disorders; Depression and metabolic disease are common disorders that share a bidirectional relationship and continue to increase in prevalence. Maternal diet and maternal behaviour both profoundly influence the developmental trajectory of offspring during the perinatal period. At an epidemiological level, both maternal depression and obesity during pregnancy have been shown to increase the risk of neuropsychiatric disease in the subsequent generation. Considerable progress has been made to understand the mechanisms by which maternal obesity disrupts the developing offspring gut–brain axis, priming offspring for the development of affective disorders. This review outlines such mechanisms in detail, including altered maternal care, the maternal microbiome, inflammation, breast milk composition, and maternal and placental metabolites. Subsequently, offspring may be prone to developing gut–brain interaction disorders with concomitant changes to brain energy metabolism, neurotransmission, and behaviour, alongside gut dysbiosis. The gut microbiome may act as a key modifiable, and therefore treatable, feature of the relationship between maternal obesity and the offspring brain function. Further studies examining the relationship between maternal nutrition, the maternal microbiome and metabolites, and offspring neurodevelopment are warranted to identify novel therapeutic targets. © 2023 by the authors.
Plasma Leptin Levels, Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome, and Diabetes Are Associated with Obesity-Related Alterations of Peripheral Blood Monocyte Subsets; Obesity is a dramatically increasing disease, accompanied with comorbidities such as cardiovascular disease and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS). Both obesity and OSAS per se are associated with systemic inflammation. However, the multifactorial impact of obesity, OSAS, and its concomitant diseases on the immunological characteristics of circulating monocytes has not yet been fully resolved. Monocyte subsets of 82 patients with obesity were analyzed in whole blood measurements in terms of the CD14/CD16 cell surface expression patterns and different monocytic adhesion molecules using flow cytometry. Plasma levels of adipokines adiponectin and leptin of all patients were evaluated and correlated with accompanying cellular and clinical values. Whole blood measurements revealed a significant overall redistribution of CD14/CD16 monocyte subsets in patients with obesity. Monocytic adhesion molecules CD11a, CD11b, and CX3CR1 were significantly elevated. The observed alterations significantly correlated with plasma leptin levels and diabetes status as crucial amplifying factors. The additive impact of obesity, diabetes, and OSAS on the immunological balance of peripheral blood monocytes requires a coordinated regimen in terms of therapeutic treatment, respiratory support, and weight loss to improve the systemic immunity in these patients.  © 2023 The Authors.
Differential expression of glucose metabolism-related genes and AMP-activated protein kinases in crop tissue of male and female pigeons (Columba livia domestica) during the incubation and chick-rearing periods; The objective of this study was to explore the carbohydrate contents of crop milk, insulin and glucose concentrations in serum and the expression patterns of AMP-activated protein kinases (AMPKs) and genes related to glucose metabolism in pigeon crops during the breeding period. Crop milk was collected from squabs of rearing Day 1 (R1) to R6. Contents of total sugar and reducing sugar increased to the maximum levels at R6 (p < 0.05). Forty-two pairs of adult pigeons were allotted to seven groups by different breeding stages, and their crops and serum were sampled. No significant differences were found in either insulin or glucose levels in serum. The glucose transporter 2 gene level was the greatest at R15 in females, whereas it was at R7 in males. However, sodium-dependent glucose transporters 1 expression in both sexes decreased from incubation Day 17 (I17) to R7. In females, glucokinase expression peaked at R1, and at R1 and R7 in males. Pyruvate kinase mRNA levels peaked at R7 in females and at R15 males. The mRNA abundance of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 in both sexes and glucose-6-phosphatase in females decreased after I10. While phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1 expression decreased after I17 (p < 0.05). Protein levels of AMPKα in crops were minimized at R1 (p < 0.05). In females, expression of AMPKα1 and AMPKα2 was inhibited at I17 and R1 (p < 0.05). In males, AMPKα1 expression was decreased at R7 (p < 0.05) and AMPKα2 was reduced at I10 and R1. pAMPK expression was the lowest at I17 in females, and it was at R7 and R25 in males. Conclusively, glycolysis in pigeon crops was enhanced during chick-rearing, while gluconeogenesis was significantly inhibited. The stability of the insulin level suggests that it was probably not involved in the regulation of glucose metabolism in crop tissues. © 2022 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
An Oxylipin-Related Nutrient Pattern and Risk of Type 1 Diabetes in the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY); Oxylipins, pro-inflammatory and pro-resolving lipid mediators, are associated with the risk of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and may be influenced by diet. This study aimed to develop a nutrient pattern related to oxylipin profiles and test their associations with the risk of T1D among youth. The nutrient patterns were developed with a reduced rank regression in a nested case-control study (n = 335) within the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY), a longitudinal cohort of children at risk of T1D. The oxylipin profiles (adjusted for genetic predictors) were the response variables. The nutrient patterns were tested in the case-control study (n = 69 T1D cases, 69 controls), then validated in the DAISY cohort using a joint Cox proportional hazards model (n = 1933, including 81 T1D cases). The first nutrient pattern (NP1) was characterized by low beta cryptoxanthin, flavanone, vitamin C, total sugars and iron, and high lycopene, anthocyanidins, linoleic acid and sodium. After adjusting for T1D family history, the HLA genotype, sex and race/ethnicity, NP1 was associated with a lower risk of T1D in the nested case-control study (OR: 0.44, p = 0.0126). NP1 was not associated with the risk of T1D (HR: 0.54, p-value = 0.1829) in the full DAISY cohort. Future studies are needed to confirm the nested case-control findings and investigate the modifiable factors for oxylipins. © 2023 by the authors.
Effect of endodontic treatment on clinical outcome in type 2 diabetic patients with apical periodontitis; Background: Previous research has demonstrated that poor controlled diabetic showed higher prevalence of AP compared to well-controlled patients and endodontic treatment may improve metabolic control of patients with diabetes. The purpose of this trial was to clinically assess the effects of endodontic treatment on glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and apical periodontitis (AP). Study design: For present trial, AP + T2DM with patients insulin injection (Group1, G1,n = 65), AP + T2DM patients with hypoglycaemic agents (Group2, G2, n = 82), and AP patients without DM (Group3, G3, n = 86) were enrolled. After demographic characteristics and clinical examination were achieved, root canal treatment (RCT) was performed for each patient. Subjects were followed up at 2-week, 3- and 6-month. At each visit, blood samples were taken and clinical laboratory studies were performed. At 6-month follow-up, Periapical Index (PAI) score was used to assess the periapical status. Results: A total of 237 subjects who met the including criteria were allocated in three groups and 223 subjects (94.1%) completed the treatments and the follow-up assessments. After treatment, taking PAI into consideration, both groups showed significant improvement of AP in each group (P < 0.05). Patients in G3 had a continued significant lower concentration of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels at follow-up (P < 0.05). A continued reduction of hemoglobin glycation (HbA1c) was observed in most of time points (P < 0.05). Throughout the trial, there are also significant changes in inflammatory factors in short-term. Conclusion: Endodontic therapy improved AP healing, glycemic control and systemic inflammation in patients with T2DM and/or AP in each group. However, a continued reduction in inflammatory factors and decreasing of HbA1c in short-term could not be observed in this trial. © 2023 The Authors
Hepatic metabolism-related effects of polysaccharides from red kidney bean and small black soybean on type 2 diabetes; In our previous study, two crude polysaccharides from red kidney bean and small black soybean (RK, SB) have shown the alleviative effect on type 2 diabetic mice. Meanwhile, hepatic dysfunction usually accompanied with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and closely related to glucose and lipid homeostasis. Therefore, this time we further investigated the protective effect on hepatic dysfunction of RK and SB. Results found that both crude polysaccharides had the protective effects. In addition, investigation on purified polysaccharides identified that the polysaccharide was the biofunctional component basis in crude RK and SB. Subsequently, further research investigated the regulating mechanism of two pure polysaccharides (RKPH and SBPH) on hepatic metabolism and lipid metabolism. The results showed the improved different metabolites of phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) by RKPH and SBPH to affect glycerophospholipid metabolism pathway might be involved in the improvement of the glucose, lipids homeostasis and liver function in T2DM. © 2022
Safety and efficacy of liraglutide on reducing visceral and ectopic fat in adults with or without type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aim: To assess the efficacy and safety of liraglutide to reduce visceral and ectopic fat in adults with or without type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Four databases were searched up to 6 May 2022 for randomized clinical trials assessing the effect of liraglutide on visceral and ectopic fat. The mean and standard deviation of the values of visceral fat, ectopic fat and body mass index were calculated. Subgroup analyses were performed based on the type of disease (T2DM or non-T2DM), duration of intervention, dosage of liraglutide and whether life interventions were added to liraglutide therapy. We extracted and integrated the safety assessments reported in each article. Results: Sixteen randomized clinical trials with, in total, 845 participants were included in the meta-analysis. Liraglutide could significantly decrease visceral fat [standard mean difference (SMD) = −0.72, 95% confidence interval (CI; −1.12, −0.33)], liver fat [SMD = −0.78, 95% CI (−1.24, −0.32)] and body mass index [weighted mean difference = −1.44, 95% CI (−1.95, −0.92)] in adult patients with or without T2DM when compared with the control group. However, reduction of epicardial fat by liraglutide [SMD = −0.74, 95% CI (−1.82, 0.34)] was not statistically significant. Subgroup analysis revealed that an adequate dosage (≥1.8 mg/day) and appropriate duration of treatment (ranging from 16 to 40 weeks) were the decisive factors for liraglutide to reduce visceral fat effectively. Mild gastrointestinal reactions were the main adverse event of liraglutide. Conclusions: Liraglutide significantly and safely reduces visceral and ectopic liver fat irrespective of T2DM status, and reduces visceral fat provided adequate dosage and duration of therapy are ensured. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pharmacological Treatments and Natural Biocompounds in Weight Management; The obesity pandemic is one of society’s most urgent public health concerns. One-third of the global adult population may fall under obese or overweight by 2025, suggesting a rising demand for medical care and an exorbitant cost of healthcare expenditure in the coming years. Generally, the treatment strategy for obese patients is largely patient-centric and needs dietary, behavioral, pharmacological, and sometimes even surgical interventions. Given that obesity cases are rising in adults and children and lifestyle modifications have failed to produce the desired results, the need for medical therapy adjunct to lifestyle modifications is vital for better managing obesity. Most existing or past drugs for obesity treatment target satiety or monoamine pathways and induce a feeling of fullness in patients, while drugs such as orlistat are targeted against intestinal lipases. However, many medications targeted against neurotransmitters showed adverse events in patients, thus being withdrawn from the market. Alternatively, the combination of some drugs has been successfully tested in obesity management. However, the demand for novel, safer, and more efficacious pharmaceutical medicines for weight management does exist. The present review elucidates the current understanding of the available anti-obesity medicines of synthetic and natural origin, their main mechanisms of action, and the shortcomings associated with current weight management drugs. © 2023 by the authors.
Myo-inositol supplementation improves cardiometabolic factors, anthropometric measures, and liver function in obese patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) as the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome is closely associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Myo-inositol (MI)—a 6-C sugar alcohol—with insulin-mimetic, anti-diabetic, lipid-lowering, and anti-inflammatory properties has exerted favorable effects on insulin resistance-related disorders and metabolic disease, while recent animal studies revealed its positive effects on liver function. This study aimed to investigate the effects of MI supplementation on cardiometabolic factors, anthropometric measures, and liver function in obese patients with NAFLD. Methods: This double-blinded placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial was carried out on 48 obese patients with NAFLD who were randomly assigned to either MI (4g/day) or placebo (maltodextrin 4g/day) along with dietary recommendations for 8 weeks. Glycemic indices, lipid profile, liver enzymes anthropometric measures, and blood pressure were evaluated pre- and post-intervention. Dietary intakes were assessed using a 3-day 24 h recall and analyzed by Nutritionist IV software. Insulin resistance was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and beta-cell function (HOMA-B) was also estimated. Results: Anthropometric measures decreased significantly in both groups, while the reduction in weight (p = 0.049) and systolic blood pressure (p = 0.006) in the MI group was significantly greater than in the placebo group after adjusting for baseline values and energy intake. Although energy and macronutrient intakes decreased significantly in both groups, between-group differences were not significant after adjusting for the potential confounders. MI supplementation led to a significant reduction in serum fasting insulin (p = 0.008) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.046). There were significant improvements in lipid profile, liver enzymes, and aspartate aminotransferase/alanine aminotransferase ratio as well as serum ferritin level in the MI group, compared to the placebo group at the endpoint. By MI supplementation for eight weeks, 1 in 3 patients reduced one- grade in the severity of NAFLD. Conclusion: MI supplementation could significantly improve IR, lipid profile, and liver function in patients with NAFLD. Further clinical trials with larger sample sizes, longer duration, different MI doses, and other inositol derivatives are recommended. Copyright © 2023 Arefhosseini, Roshanravan, Tutunchi, Rostami, Khoshbaten and Ebrahimi-Mameghani.
Short communication: unique metabolic signature of proliferative retinopathy in the tear fluid of diabetic patients with comorbidities — preliminary data for PPPM validation; Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) defined as the adult-onset type that is primarily not insulin-dependent, comprises over 95% of all diabetes mellitus (DM) cases. According to global records, 537 million adults aged 20-79 years are affected by DM that means at least 1 out of 15 persons. This number is projected to grow by 51% by the year 2045. One of the most common complications of T2DM is diabetic retinopathy (DR) with an overall prevalence over 30%. The total number of the DR-related visual impairments is on the rise, due to the growing T2DM population. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) is the progressing DR and leading cause of preventable blindness in working-age adults. Moreover, PDR with characteristic systemic attributes including mitochondrial impairment, increased cell death and chronic inflammation, is an independent predictor of the cascading DM-complications such as ischemic stroke. Therefore, early DR is a reliable predictor appearing upstream of this “domino effect”. Global screening, leading to timely identification of DM-related complications, is insufficiently implemented by currently applied reactive medicine. A personalised predictive approach and cost-effective targeted prevention shortly - predictive, preventive and personalised medicine (PPPM / 3PM) could make a good use of the accumulated knowledge, preventing blindness and other severe DM complications. In order to reach this goal, reliable stage- and disease-specific biomarker panels are needed characterised by an easy way of the sample collection, high sensitivity and specificity of analyses. In the current study, we tested the hypothesis that non-invasively collected tear fluid is a robust source for the analysis of ocular and systemic (DM-related complications) biomarker patterns suitable for differential diagnosis of stable DR versus PDR. Here, we report the first results of the comprehensive ongoing study, in which we correlate individualised patient profiles (healthy controls versus patients with stable D as well as patients with PDR with and without co-morbidities) with their metabolic profiles in the tear fluid. Comparative mass spectrometric analysis performed has identified following metabolic clusters which are differentially expressed in the groups of comparison: acylcarnitines, amino acid & related compounds, bile acids, ceramides, lysophosphatidyl-choline, nucleobases & related compounds, phosphatidyl-cholines, triglycerides, cholesterol esters, and fatty acids. Our preliminary data strongly support potential clinical utility of metabolic patterns in the tear fluid indicating a unique metabolic signature characteristic for the DR stages and PDR progression. This pilot study creates a platform for validating the tear fluid biomarker patterns to stratify T2DM-patients predisposed to the PDR. Moreover, since PDR is an independent predictor of severe T2DM-related complications such as ischemic stroke, our international project aims to create an analytical prototype for the “diagnostic tree” (yes/no) applicable to healthrisk assessment in diabetes care. © 2023, The Author(s).
An Overview of Inter-Tissue and Inter-Kingdom Communication Mediated by Extracellular Vesicles in the Regulation of Mammalian Metabolism; Obesity and type 2 diabetes are associated with defects of insulin action in different tissues or alterations in β-cell secretory capacity that may be triggered by environmental challenges, inadequate lifestyle choices, or an underlying genetic predisposition. In addition, recent data shows that obesity may also be caused by perturbations of the gut microbiota, which then affect metabolic function and energy homeostasis in the host. Maintenance of metabolic homeostasis in complex organisms such as mammals requires organismal-level communication, including between the different organs and the gut microbiota. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) have been identified in all domains of life and have emerged as crucial players in inter-organ and inter-kingdom crosstalk. Interestingly, EVs found in edible vegetables or in milk have been shown to influence gut microbiota or tissue function in mammals. Moreover, there is a multidirectional crosstalk mediated by EVs derived from gut microbiota and body organs that has implications for host health. Untangling this complex signaling network may help implement novel therapies for the treatment of metabolic disease. © 2023 by the authors.
Insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease; Insulin resistance (IR) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) represent two universal public health hazards, especially in today’s Western societies. A causal-effect relationship has been established that links IR with CVD. The mediating mechanisms are perplexing, under ongoing, rigorous investigation and remain to be fully elucidated. IR is a condition encompassing hyperglycemia and compensatory hyperinsulinemia. It occurs when insulin is not capable of exerting its maximum effects on target tissues, including skeletal muscles, liver and adipose tissue. This alteration of insulin signaling pathways results in the development of cardiometabolic disorders, including obesity, dyslipidemia, low-grade inflammation, endothelial dysfunction and hypertension, all of which are predisposing factors for atherosclerosis and CVD. The management of IR can be achieved through dietary modifications, the inclusion of regular exercise routines in everyday life, pharmacological agents and other interventions tailored to each individual patient’s needs. It is important to underline though that, although various antidiabetic drugs that may improve IR are available, no medications are as yet specifically approved for the treatment of IR. This narrative review will focus on the current scientific and clinical evidence pertaining to IR, the mechanisms connecting IR with CVD, as well as plausible strategies for a holistic, personalized approach for IR management. © The Author(s) 2023.
Distinct Changes in Placental Ceramide Metabolism Characterize Type 1 and 2 Diabetic Pregnancies with Fetal Macrosomia or Preeclampsia; Disturbances of lipid metabolism are typical in diabetes. Our objective was to characterize and compare placental sphingolipid metabolism in type 1 (T1D) and 2 (T2D) diabetic pregnancies and in non-diabetic controls. Placental samples from T1D, T2D, and control pregnancies were processed for sphingolipid analysis using tandem mass spectrometry. Western blotting, enzyme activity, and immunofluorescence analyses were used to study sphingolipid regulatory enzymes. Placental ceramide levels were lower in T1D and T2D compared to controls, which was associated with an upregulation of the ceramide degrading enzyme acid ceramidase (ASAH1). Increased placental ceramide content was found in T1D complicated by preeclampsia. Similarly, elevated ceramides were observed in T1D and T2D pregnancies with poor glycemic control. The protein levels and activity of sphingosine kinases (SPHK) that produce sphingoid-1-phosphates (S1P) were highest in T2D. Furthermore, SPHK levels were upregulated in T1D and T2D pregnancies with fetal macrosomia. In vitro experiments using trophoblastic JEG3 cells demonstrated increased SPHK expression and activity following glucose and insulin treatments. Specific changes in the placental sphingolipidome characterize T1D and T2D placentae depending on the type of diabetes and feto-maternal complications. Increased exposure to insulin and glucose is a plausible contributor to the upregulation of the SPHK-S1P-axis in diabetic placentae. © 2023 by the authors.
Cross-Ancestry DNA Methylation Marks of Insulin Resistance in Pregnancy: An Integrative Epigenome-Wide Association Study; Although there are some epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of insulin resistance, for most of them authors did not replicate their findings, and most are focused on populations of European ancestry, limiting the generalizability. In the Epigenetics in Pregnancy (EPIPREG; n = 294 Europeans and 162 South Asians) study, we conducted an EWAS of insulin resistance in maternal peripheral blood leukocytes, with replication in the Born in Bradford (n = 879; n = 430 Europeans and 449 South Asians), Methyl Epigenome Network Association (MENA) (n = 320), and Botnia (n = 56) cohorts. In EPIPREG, we identified six CpG sites inversely associated with insulin resistance across ancestry, of which five were replicated in independent cohorts (cg02988288, cg19693031, and cg26974062 in TXNIP; cg06690548 in SLC7A11; and cg04861640 in ZSCAN26). From methylation quantitative trait loci analysis in EPIPREG, we identified gene variants related to all five replicated cross-ancestry CpG sites, which were associated with several cardiometabolic phenotypes. Mediation analyses suggested that the gene variants regulate insulin resistance through DNA methylation. To conclude, our cross-ancestry EWAS identified five CpG sites related to lower insulin resistance. © 2023 by the American Diabetes Association.
Probiotics and Prebiotics as Dietary Supplements for the Adjunctive Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes; In modern lifestyles, high-fat diets and prolonged inactivity lead to more people developing type 2 diabetes (T2D). Based on the modern pathogenesis of T2D, food, and its components have become one of the top concerns for patients. Recent studies have found that dysbiosis and gut-related inflammation are more common in T2D patients. Probiotics and prebiotics play complementary roles in the gut as dietary supplements. Together, they may help improve dysbiosis and intestinal inflammation in people with T2D, increase the production of blood glucose-lowering hormones such as incretin, and help reduce insulin resistance and lower blood glucose. Therefore, changing the dietary structure and increasing the intake of probiotics and prebiotics is expected to become a new strategy for the adjuvant treatment of T2D.  © 2023 YUYING WANG et al., published by Sciendo.
Associations between trace level thallium and multiple health effects in rural areas: Chinese Exposure and Response Mapping Program (CERMP); Thallium (Tl) is a cumulative high toxicant in the environment, but few studies have investigated the comprehensive health effects underlying chronic Tl exposure at trace levels. This study aims to evaluate the liver, kidney, lung and other potential health effects associated with chronic Tl exposure at trace levels in rural areas of China. Urinary Tl concentrations of 2883 adults from rural areas of 12 provinces in China were measured and 2363 participants were involved in the final analysis. Indicators of liver and kidney functions in the serum, as well as the lung function indicators, were determined in the participants. General linear regression and restricted cubic spline regression were combined to study the associations between urinary Tl and health indicators or outcomes. In this study, the detected rate of Tl in the urine of the participants was 97.28 %. When the urinary Tl concentration was ranged at the fourth quintile, the risk of having liver function disorder was 70 % higher [Odds ratio (OR) = 1.70 (95 % confidence intervals (CI): 1.30, 2.22)] in all the participants, whereas the farmers were more likely to have the disorder [OR = 2.08 (95 % CI: 1.49, 2.92)] than the non-farmers [OR = 1.20 (95 % CI: 0.77, 1.88)]. Nonlinear associations between most of the liver health indicators and urinary Tl were identified, of which serum bilirubin was strongly associated with the elevation of urinary Tl when its concentration was >0.40 μg/g creatinine. Besides, urinary Tl was negatively associated with lung health indicators. Our study proposes the safety re-assessment of the current exposure level of Tl in the environment, especially in rural areas of China. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Pre-Pregnancy Adherence to Mediterranean Diet and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study in Greece; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a growing epidemic affecting pregnant women and their offspring. This study aimed to identify the relationship between adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MD) before conception and the risk of GDM in a contemporary Greek pregnant cohort. A prospective cohort of pregnant women was recruited at the routine first trimester visit. Nutritional intake was evaluated using a population specific validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Pre-pregnancy adherence to MD was derived using two different scoring systems, the Mediterranean diet index score (MDS), and a modified version. Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) were computed using multiple logistic regression models for each score derived. Of 743 participating women, 112 (15.1%) developed GDM. The MDS index showed that scoring 5–9 points (high adherence) was associated with a lower GDM incidence (aOR: 0.57 95% CI (0.32, 0.90), p = 0.02), while the modified MDS index showed no significant association for any level of adherence. Pre-pregnancy consumption of “meat and derivatives” and “fatty meat and processed meat” was associated with a higher risk of GDM, with both scoring systems (p = 0.008, p = 0.004, respectively). A higher adherence to a MD pre-pregnancy, especially with less meat consumption, may have a protective effect on the occurrence of GDM. © 2023 by the authors.
Association of Leptin and Retinol Binding Protein 4 with the Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta‑Analysis of Observational Studies; The positive correlation between serum levels of retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) and gestational diabetes (GDM) has been proven in the previous meta‑analysis on case‑control studies. However, its association with serum levels of leptin is not studied in any meta‑analysis. Therefore, we performed an updated systematic review of observational studies evaluating the association between serum RBP4 and leptin with the risk of GDM. A systematic search was performed on four databases, including PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Google Scholar, up to March 2021. After screening and deleting duplicates, nine articles met our inclusion criteria. Studies had case‑control and cohort design, and included 5074 participants with a mean age range between 18 and 32.65 years (2359 participants for RBP4 and 2715 participants for leptin). Interestingly, this meta‑analysis revealed higher levels of RBP4 (OR=2.04; 95% CI: 1.37, 3.04) and leptin (OR=2.32; 95% CI: 1.39, 3.87) are significantly associated with the increased risk of overall GDM. The subgroup analysis approved the results based on the study design, trimester of pregnancy and serum/plasms to investigate the source of heterogeneity. The present meta‑analysis determines serum leptin and RBP4 levels as predictors of GDM occurrence. However, studies included in this meta‑analysis showed significant heterogeneity. © 2023 Indian Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism | Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow.
From Metabolic Syndrome to Type 2 Diabetes in Youth; In the frame of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes emerges along a continuum of the risk from the clustering of all its components, namely visceral obesity, high blood pressure and lipids, and impaired glucose homeostasis. Insulin resistance is the hallmark common to all the components and, in theory, is a reversible condition. Nevertheless, the load that this condition can exert on the β-cell function at the pubertal transition is such as to determine its rapid and irreversible deterioration leading to plain diabetes. The aim of this review is to highlight, in the context of metabolic syndrome, age-specific risk factors that lead to type 2 diabetes onset in youth; resume age specific screening and diagnostic criteria; and anticipate potential for treatment. Visceral obesity and altered lipid metabolism are robust grounds for the development of the disease. Genetic differences in susceptibility to hampered β-cell function in the setting of obesity and insulin resistance largely explain why some adolescents with obesity do develop diabetes at a young age and some others do not. Lifestyle intervention with a healthy diet and physical activity remains the pillar of the type 2 diabetes treatment in youth. As to the pharmacological management, metformin and insulin have failed to rescue β-cell function and to ensure long-lasting glycemic control in youth. A new era might start with the approval for use in pediatric age of drugs largely prescribed in adults, such as dipeptidyl peptidase-4 and sodium-dependent glucose transport inhibitors, and of new weight-lowering drugs in the pipeline such as single and multiple agonists of the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor. The latter drugs can have tremendous impact on the natural history of the disease. By treating diabetes, they will reduce the burden of all the metabolic abnormalities belonging to the syndrome while causing a tremendous weight loss hitherto never seen before. © 2023 by the authors.
Adropin Predicts Chronic Kidney Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients with Chronic Heart Failure; Adropin is a multifunctional secreted protein, which is involved in the metabolic modulation of the heart-brain-kidney axis in heart failure (HF). The aim of the study was to detect the plausible predictive value of serum levels of adropin for chronic kidney disease (CKD) grades 1–3 in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with chronic HF. We enrolled 417 T2DM individuals with chronic HF and subdivided them into two groups depending on the presence of CKD. The control group was composed of 25 healthy individuals and 30 T2DM patients without HF and CKD. All eligible patients underwent an ultrasound examination. Adropin was detected by ELISA in blood samples at the study baseline. We found that adropin levels in T2DM patients without HF and CKD were significantly lower than in healthy volunteers, but they were higher than in T2DM patients with known HF. The optimal cut-off point for adropin levels was 2.3 ng/mL (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.86; 95% CI = 0.78–0.95; sensitivity = 81.3%, specificity = 77.4%). The multivariate logistic regression adjusted for albuminuria/proteinuria showed that serum levels of adropin <2.30 ng/mL (OR = 1.55; p = 0.001) independently predicted CKD. Conclusions: Low levels of adropin in T2DM patients with chronic CH seem to be an independent predictor of CKD at stages 1–3. © 2023 by the authors.
Epitranscriptomics in metabolic disease; While epigenetic modifications of DNA and histones play main roles in gene transcription regulation, recently discovered post-transcriptional RNA modifications, known as epitranscriptomic modifications, have been found to have a profound impact on gene expression by regulating RNA stability, localization and decoding efficiency. Importantly, genetic variations or environmental perturbations of epitranscriptome modifiers (that is, writers, erasers and readers) are associated with obesity and metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes. The epitranscriptome is closely coupled to epigenetic signalling, adding complexity to our understanding of gene expression in both health and disease. Moreover, the epitranscriptome in the parental generation can affect organismal phenotypes in the next generation. In this Review, we discuss the relationship between epitranscriptomic modifications and metabolic diseases, their relationship with the epigenome and possible therapeutic strategies. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
Genetic Obesity in Pregnant Ay Mice Does Not Affect Susceptibility to Obesity and Food Choice in Offspring; Maternal diet and obesity (MO) may influence taste preferences and increase the susceptibility to obesity in offspring, but the impact of MO per se to these influences is poorly understood. We evaluated the influence of MO on food choice and susceptibility to obesity in offspring when mothers consumed a standard diet (SD). Mice with the Lethal yellow mutation (Ay/a) develop obesity consuming an SD. Metabolic parameters were assessed in pregnant and lactating Ay/a (obesity) and a/a (control) mothers. Metabolic response to the consumption of a sweet–fat diet (SFD: SD, lard, and sweet biscuits) and the choice of components of this diet were evaluated in their male and female offspring. Compared to control mothers, pregnant obese mothers had higher levels of insulin, leptin, and FGF21. MO increased food intake and liver expression of lipogenesis genes in male offspring consuming the SD. SFD consumption caused obesity development and insulin resistance, increased liver expression of glycolytic and lipogenesis genes, and affected hypothalamic expression of anorexigenic and orexigenic genes. In offspring of both sexes, MO had no effect on food choice and metabolic response to SFD intake. Therefore, when obese mothers consume a balanced diet, MO does not affect food choice and development of diet-induced obesity in offspring. © 2023 by the authors.
A Review of Fibraurea tinctoria and Its Component, Berberine, as an Antidiabetic and Antioxidant; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by hyperglycemia caused by resistance to insulin action, inadequate insulin secretion, or excessive glucagon production. Numerous studies have linked diabetes mellitus and oxidative stress. People with diabetes usually exhibit high oxidative stress due to persistent and chronic hyperglycemia, which impairs the activity of the antioxidant defense system and promotes the formation of free radicals. Recently, several studies have focused on exploring natural antioxidants to improve diabetes mellitus. Fibraurea tinctoria has long been known as the native Borneo used in traditional medicine to treat diabetes. Taxonomically, this plant is part of the Menispermaceae family, widely known for producing various alkaloids. Among them are protoberberine alkaloids such as berberine. Berberine is an isoquinoline alkaloid with many pharmacological activities. Berberine is receiving considerable interest because of its antidiabetic and antioxidant activities, which are based on many biochemical pathways. Therefore, this review explores the pharmacological effects of Fibraurea tinctoria and its active constituent, berberine, against oxidative stress and diabetes, emphasizing its mechanistic aspects. This review also summarizes the pharmacokinetics and toxicity of berberine and in silico studies of berberine in several diseases and its protein targets. © 2023 by the authors.
Analyzing the Association of Visceral Adipose Tissue Growth Differentiation Factor-15 and MicroRNA in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Growth differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15) is involved in insulin resistance and diabetes. In this study, we determine the associations of GDF-15 with miR-181b-5p, miR-330-3p, mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 7 (SMAD7), and insulin resistance in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Methods: Sixty patients, equally divided into those with T2DM and non-diabetic controls, were recruited for gene expression analysis. Protein-protein interaction (STRING), target prediction (miRNet), and functional enrichment were conducted accordingly. Results: Our study showed that VAT and PBMCs had similar expression profiles, where GDF-15 and miR-181b-5p were upregulated, whereas SMAD7 and miR-330-3p were downregulated. Serum GDF-15 could differentiate between T2DM and non-diabetic patients (P<0.001). Target prediction revealed a microRNA (miRNA)-messenger RNA regulatory network, transcription factors, and functional enrichment for the miRNA that suggested involvement in T2DM pathogenesis. Conclusion: VAT GDF-15 is associated with insulin resistance and is possibly regulated by miR-181b-5p, miR-330-3p, and SMAD7 in T2DM. Copyright © 2023 Korean Society for the Study of Obesity.
Cellular interplay between cardiomyocytes and non-myocytes in diabetic cardiomyopathy; Patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) frequently exhibit a distinctive cardiac phenotype known as diabetic cardiomyopathy. Cardiac complications associated with T2DM include cardiac inflammation, hypertrophy, fibrosis, and diastolic dysfunction in the early stages of the disease, which can progress to systolic dysfunction and heart failure. Effective therapeutic options for diabetic cardiomyopathy are limited and often have conflicting results. The lack of effective treatments for diabetic cardiomyopathy is due in part, to our poor understanding of the disease development and progression, as well as a lack of robust and valid preclinical human models that can accurately recapitulate the pathophysiology of the human heart. In addition to cardiomyocytes, the heart contains a heterogeneous population of non-myocytes including fibroblasts, vascular cells, autonomic neurons, and immune cells. These cardiac non-myocytes play important roles in cardiac homeostasis and disease, yet the effect of hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia on these cell types is often overlooked in preclinical models of diabetic cardiomyopathy. The advent of human-induced pluripotent stem cells provides a new paradigm in which to model diabetic cardiomyopathy as they can be differentiated into all cell types in the human heart. This review will discuss the roles of cardiac non-myocytes and their dynamic intercellular interactions in the pathogenesis of diabetic cardiomyopathy. We will also discuss the use of sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors as a therapy for diabetic cardiomyopathy and their known impacts on non-myocytes. These developments will no doubt facilitate the discovery of novel treatment targets for preventing the onset and progression of diabetic cardiomyopathy. © The Author(s) 2022.
Evaluation and Treatment of Obesity and Its Comorbidities: 2022 Update of Clinical Practice Guidelines for Obesity by the Korean Society for the Study of Obesity; The goal of the 8th edition of the Clinical Practice Guidelines for Obesity is to help primary care physician provide safe, effective care to patients with obesity by offering evidence-based recommendations to improve the quality of treatment. The Committee for Clinical Practice Guidelines comprised individuals with multidisciplinary expertise in obesity management. A steering board of seven experts oversaw the entire project. Recommendations were developed as the answers to key questions formulated in patient/problem, intervention, comparison, outcomes (PICO) format. Guidelines underwent multi-level review and cross-checking and received endorsement from relevant scientific societies. This edition of the guidelines includes criteria for diagnosing obesity, abdominal obesity, and metabolic syndrome; evaluation of obesity and its complications; weight loss goals; and treatment options such as diet, exercise, behavioral therapy, pharmacotherapy, and bariatric and metabolic surgery for Korean people with obesity. Compared to the previous edition of the guidelines, the current edition includes five new topics to keep up with the constantly evolving field of obesity: diagnosis of obesity, obesity in women, obesity in patients with mental illness, weight maintenance after weight loss, and the use of information and communication technology-based interventions for obesity treatment. This edition of the guidelines features has improved organization, more clearly linking key questions in PICO format to recommendations and key references. We are confident that these new Clinical Practice Guidelines for Obesity will be a valuable resource for all healthcare professionals as they describe the most current and evidence-based treatment options for obesity in a well-organized format. Copyright © 2023 Korean Society for the Study of Obesity.
Maternal obesity and its epigenetic effects; Obesity is a growing epidemic in the United States and around the world. Along with it, childhood obesity is rising at alarming rates. Heritability of obesity is very high, and it afflicts more than 50% of women of reproductive age. Maternal obesity is associated with complications to the pregnant mom as well as the offspring. Maternal diets contribute to alterations in epigenetic profiles in the fetus which in turn contributes to abnormities in the offspring affecting various metabolic tissues in the offspring. This chapter will review maternal obesity, epigenetic modifications which include DNA methylation, histone modifications and microRNAs (miRNAs) and their alterations by overnutrition and physical activity. Furthermore, we will discuss research findings related to maternal obesity in human subjects and animal models, and its impact on the health of offspring. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023. All rights reserved.
Inulin: properties and health benefits; Inulin, a soluble dietary fiber, is widely found in more than 36 000 plant species as a reserve polysaccharide. The primary sources of inulin, include Jerusalem artichoke, chicory, onion, garlic, barley, and dahlia, among which Jerusalem artichoke tubers and chicory roots are often used as raw materials for inulin production in the food industry. It is universally acknowledged that inulin as a prebiotic has an outstanding effect on the regulation of intestinal microbiota via stimulating the growth of beneficial bacteria. In addition, inulin also exhibits excellent health benefits in regulating lipid metabolism, weight loss, lowering blood sugar, inhibiting the expression of inflammatory factors, reducing the risk of colon cancer, enhancing mineral absorption, improving constipation, and relieving depression. In this review paper, we attempt to present an exhaustive overview of the function and health benefits of inulin. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
ADROPIN AS A POTENTIAL PROTECTIVE FACTOR OF METABOLIC COMPLICATIONS IN OBESE PREGNANT WOMEN WITH HYPERGLYCAEMIA DIAGNOSED IN EARLY PREGNANCY; Adropin is a hormone which increases insulin sensitivity. It enhances the oxygenation of glucose in the muscles. The 91 obese pregnant women (BMI >30 kg/m2) with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed in the first half of pregnancy has been recruited to the study group. The control group consisted of 10 age matched and homogeneous pregnant women with BMI <25 kg/m2. Blood samples were collected on visit V1-between the 28th and 32nd week and on visit V2-between the 37th and 39th week of gestation. The ELISA test was used to measure the adropin level. The results in the study group and the control group were compared. Blood samples were collected at the same visits. The median concentration of adropin was 442.2 pg/ml on V1 and 453.1 pg/ml on V2. The increase was significant (p<0.05). Results were significantly lower in the control group’s patients, i.e. 57.0 pg/ml (p<0.001) on V1 and 107.9 pg/ml on V2 (p<0.001). The higher adropin level on the V1 and V2 visits were related to patients’ lower BMI and better metabolic control. The increase in the adropin level in the third trimester may have been involved in the weight gain reduction, whereas better dietary adherence might have had a compensatory effect on increasing insulin resistance. However, the small control group is a limitation of this study. © 2023, Polish Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Complement C1 Tumor Necrosis Factor-Related Protein 1 is Related to Glucose/Lipid Metabolism in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Patients; Objectives: Most patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have glucose/lipid metabolism. Complement C1 tumor necrosis factor-related protein 1 (CTRP1) is an indicator of glucose/lipid metabolism in many diseases. However, the correlation between CTRP1 and PCOS is not clear. Method: This is a cross-sectional study. CTRP1 plasma concentration level in 210 PCOS and 316 non-PCOS patients undergoing in-vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) was assessed. Among PCOS patients 2 groups were formed depending on the presence of insulin resistance, the PCOS-IR (insulin resistance) (n = 84) and PCOS-NIR (non-IR) groups (n = 126). The inflammatory markers, antioxidant enzyme levels of follicular fluid and CTRP1 levels in PCOS group and non-PCOS group were compared. The levels of inflammation markers and antioxidant enzymes in follicular fluid and CTRP1 levels were compared between PCOS-IR group and PCOS-NIR group. Pearson correlation analysis was used to analyze the relationship between CTRP1 and glucose/lipid metabolism and gonadotropin dose in PCOS patients. Results: PCOS patients exhibited significantly higher plasma concentration of CTRP1 than non-PCOS patients (p < 0.001). Besides, the CTRP1 level was significantly elevated in PCOS-IR compared to PCOS-NIR group (p < 0.001). CTRP1 was strongly associated with markers of dyslipidemia and high gonadotropin dose (p < 0.05). In addition, CTRP1 expression level in the follicular fluid was higher in PCOS-IR sufferers and had a negative effect on inflammatory response, peroxidation, and antioxidant enzyme index. Conclusions: PCOS patients, especially PCOS-IR patients, show significantly CTRP1 up-regulation. CTRP1 may serve as a new marker for PCOS-IR patients. In addition, there is a correlation between the circulation of CTRP1 and glucose/lipid metabolic disorder in PCOS patients. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Biolife Sas.
Rubrometabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MS), a conglomeration of several conditions including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance, elevated blood pressure, and dyslipidemia is reaching epidemic proportions. Anemia is caused by iron deficiency or dysregulation of iron homeostasis, leading to tissue hypoxia. Coexistence of anemia and MS or its components has been reported in the literature. The term "rubrometabolic syndrome"acts as a unifying entity linking the importance of blood in health and anemia in MS; it justifies two principles - redness of blood and low-grade inflammation. Chronic low-grade inflammation in MS affects iron metabolism leading to anemia. Tissue hypoxia that results from the anemic condition seems to be a major causative factor for the exacerbation of several microvascular and macrovascular components of T2DM, which include diabetic neuropathy, nephropathy, retinopathy, and cardiovascular complications. In obesity, anemia leads to malabsorption of micronutrients and can complicate the management of the condition by bariatric surgery. Anemia interferes with the diagnosis and management of T2DM, obesity, dyslipidemia, or hypertension due to its effect on pathological tests as well as medications. Since anemia in MS is multifaceted, the management of anemia is challenging as overcorrection of anemia with erythropoietin-stimulating agents can cause detrimental effects. These limitations necessitate availability of an effective and safe therapy that can maintain and elevate the hemoglobin levels along with maintaining the physiological balance of other systems. This review discusses the physiological links between anemia and MS along with diagnosis and management strategies in patients with coexistence of anemia and MS.  © 2023 EDIZIONIMINERVAMEDICA.
Epigenetics and the role of nutraceuticals in health and disease; In the post-genomic era, the data provided by complete genome sequencing could not answer several fundamental questions about the causes of many noninfectious diseases, diagnostic biomarkers, and novel therapeutic approaches. The rapidly expanding understanding of epigenetic mechanisms, as well as widespread acceptance of their hypothesized role in disease induction, facilitated the development of a number of novel diagnostic markers and therapeutic concepts. Epigenetic aberrations are reversible in nature, which enables the treatment of serious incurable diseases. Therefore, the interest in epigenetic modulatory effects has increased over the last decade, so about 60,000 publications discussing the expression of epigenetics could be detected in the PubMed database. Out of these, 58,442 were published alone in the last 10 years, including 17,672 reviews (69 historical articles), 314 clinical trials, 202 case reports, 197 meta-analyses, 156 letters to the editor, 108 randomized controlled trials, 87 observation studies, 40 book chapters, 22 published lectures, and 2 clinical trial protocols. The remaining publications are either miscellaneous or a mixture of the previously mentioned items. According to the species and gender, the publications included 44,589 human studies (17,106 females, 14,509 males, and the gender is not mentioned in the remaining papers) and 30,253 animal studies. In the present work, the role of epigenetic modulations in health and disease and the influencing factors in epigenetics are discussed. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Serum Cortistatin Level in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Its Relationship with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Purpose: To evaluate serum cortistatin (CST) levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with or without non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and to examine the relationship between CST and NAFLD. Methods: A total of 90 T2DM patients, which included 56 NAFLD patients (referred to as DM+NAFLD group) and 34 patients without NAFLD (DM-only group), and 83 non-diabetes individuals that included 39 NAFLD patients (NAFLD-only group) and 44 without NAFLD that acted as the normal-control group (NC group). The differences in the serum CST levels between the groups were compared, and the correlations between CST and other variables were calculated by applying both correlational analysis and multiple linear regression analysis. Results: The mean serum CST levels were significantly lower in the DM+NAFLD and DM groups than in the NC group (P < 0.05). In addition, the CST levels were lower in the DM group relative to that in the NAFLD group (P < 0.05). However, no statistical difference was noted in the serum CST between diabetic patients with and without NAFLD (P > 0.05). Similarly, in the non-diabetic group, the serum CST level was not significantly different between individuals with and without NAFLD (P > 0.05). Furthermore, the serum CST levels were negatively associated with the levels of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and insulin cell function index (HOMA-β). Conversely, the serum CST levels were positively associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). The data obtained through multiple linear regression implied that LDL-C and HOMA-β, but not HOMA-IR, were closely related to serum CST levels. Conclusion: T2DM was related to decreased serum CST. However, serum CST was correlated with HOMA-β in T2DM patients, while HOMA-IR was not. There was no correlation between CST and NAFLD. © 2023 Sun et al. This work is published and licensed by Dove Medical Press Limited.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet Association with Serum Inflammatory Factors Stress Oxidative and Appetite in COVID-19 Patients; Background and Objectives: The Mediterranean diet’s bioactive components are suggested to strengthen the immune system and to exert anti-inflammatory actions. This study investigated the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet with serum inflammatory factors, total antioxidant capacity, appetite, and symptoms of COVID-19 patients. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted among 600 Iranian COVID-19 patients selected by a simple random method. The ten-item Mediterranean diet adherence questionnaire was used to assess diet adherence. At the beginning of the study, 5 cc of blood was taken from all patients for measurement of serum interleukin 1β) IL-1β), tumor necrosis factor (TNF-α), malondialdehyde (MDA), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and total antioxidant capacity (TAC). A human ELISA kit with serial number 950.090.096 produced by the Diaclone Company was used to test this cytokine using the sandwich ELISA method. Results: One hundred and five patients presented a high adherence and 495 patients presented a low adherence to the Mediterranean diet. The incidence of fever, cough, diarrhea, taste changes, and pneumonia severity index were significantly lower in patients who adhered to the Mediterranean diet more than other patients. Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor (5.7 ± 2.1 vs. 6.9 ± 2.8 p = 0.02), interleukin 1 beta (3.2 ± 0.02 vs. 4.9 ± 0.01 p = 0.02), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (17.08 ± 4.2 vs. 19.8 ± 2.5 p = 0.03), and malondialdehyde (5.7 ± 0.2 vs. 6.2 ± 0.3 p = 0.02) were significantly lower in patients who adhered more to the Mediterranean diet than other patients. Conclusion: The Mediterranean diet can improve the symptoms and elevated serum inflammatory factors in COVID-19 patients, so clinical trial studies are suggested to confirm this effect. © 2023 by the authors.
Ubiquitin-Specific Proteases (USPs) and Metabolic Disorders; Ubiquitination and deubiquitination are reversible processes that modify the characteristics of target proteins, including stability, intracellular localization, and enzymatic activity. Ubiquitin-specific proteases (USPs) constitute the largest deubiquitinating enzyme family. To date, accumulating evidence indicates that several USPs positively and negatively affect metabolic diseases. USP22 in pancreatic β-cells, USP2 in adipose tissue macrophages, USP9X, 20, and 33 in myocytes, USP4, 7, 10, and 18 in hepatocytes, and USP2 in hypothalamus improve hyperglycemia, whereas USP19 in adipocytes, USP21 in myocytes, and USP2, 14, and 20 in hepatocytes promote hyperglycemia. In contrast, USP1, 5, 9X, 14, 15, 22, 36, and 48 modulate the progression of diabetic nephropathy, neuropathy, and/or retinopathy. USP4, 10, and 18 in hepatocytes ameliorates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), while hepatic USP2, 11, 14, 19, and 20 exacerbate it. The roles of USP7 and 22 in hepatic disorders are controversial. USP9X, 14, 17, and 20 in vascular cells are postulated to be determinants of atherosclerosis. Moreover, mutations in the Usp8 and Usp48 loci in pituitary tumors cause Cushing syndrome. This review summarizes the current knowledge about the modulatory roles of USPs in energy metabolic disorders. © 2023 by the author.
The Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes Ratio as a Risk Factor of Breast Cancer; The gut microbiome can reflect the health condition of the entire body. Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes, the major phyla of the colon, can influence diseases related to obesity which are also risk factors for breast cancer. Therefore, the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio was analyzed in patients with breast cancer. Bacterial extracellular vesicles were extracted from the serum of patients with breast cancer and healthy controls. Phyla Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes were analyzed using microbiome sequencing. Prognostic factors for breast cancer and serological test results were analyzed for correlations with the F/B ratio. The F/B ratio was three times lower in patients with breast cancer than in healthy controls. In addition, the risk factor for breast cancer, such as fasting serum glucose, was found to be related to the F/B ratio. The F/B ratio can be used as a risk factor of breast cancer and as a clue to explain underlying mechanisms affecting the development of breast cancer. © 2023 by the authors.
Dietary Strawberries Improve Serum Metabolites of Cardiometabolic Risks in Adults with Features of the Metabolic Syndrome in a Randomized Controlled Crossover Trial; Dietary strawberries have been shown to improve cardiometabolic risks in multiple clinical trials. However, no studies have reported effects on serum metabolomic profiles that may identify the target pathways affected by strawberries as underlying mechanisms. We conducted a 14-week randomized, controlled crossover study in which participants with features of metabolic syndrome were assigned to one of the three arms for four weeks separated by a one-week washout period: control powder, 1 serving (low dose: 13 g strawberry powder/day), or 2.5 servings (high dose: 32 g strawberry powder/day). Blood samples, anthropometric measures, blood pressure, and dietary and physical activity data were collected at baseline and at the end of each four-week phase of intervention. Serum samples were analyzed for primary metabolites and complex lipids using different mass spectrometry methods. Mixed-model ANOVA was used to examine differences in the targeted metabolites between treatment phases, and LASSO logistic regression was used to examine differences in the untargeted metabolites at end of the strawberry intervention vs. the baseline. The findings revealed significant differences in the serum branched-chain amino acids valine and leucine following strawberry intervention (high dose) compared with the low-dose and control phases. Untargeted metabolomic profiles revealed several metabolites, including serum phosphate, benzoic acid, and hydroxyphenyl propionic acid, that represented improved energy-metabolism pathways, compliance measures, and microbial metabolism of strawberry polyphenols, respectively. Thus, dietary supplementation of strawberries significantly improves the serum metabolic profiles of cardiometabolic risks in adults. © 2023 by the authors.
Biomarkers of Micronutrients and Phytonutrients and Their Application in Epidemiological Studies; Nutritional biomarkers can be used as important indicators of nutritional status and play crucial roles in the prevention as well as prognosis optimization of various metabolism-related diseases. Measuring dietary with the deployment of biomarker assessments provides quantitative nutritional information that can better predict the health outcomes. With the increased availability of nutritional biomarkers and the development of assessment tools, the specificity and sensitivity of nutritional biomarkers have been greatly improved. This enables efficient disease surveillance in nutrition research. A wide range of biomarkers have been used in different types of studies, including clinical trials, observational studies, and qualitative studies, to reflect the relationship between diet and health. Through a comprehensive literature search, we reviewed the well-established nutritional biomarkers of vitamins, minerals, and phytonutrients, and their association with epidemiological studies, to better understand the role of nutrition in health and disease. © 2023 by the authors.
Effect of Frozen-Thawed Embryo Transfer on the Metabolism of Children in Early Childhood; Background: As a routine procedure in assisted reproductive technology (ART), it is crucial to assess the safety of frozen and thawed embryo transfer (FET). We aimed to investigate the metabolic profile of children conceived through FET in their early childhood. Method: A total of 147 children between the age of 1.5 and 4 years old, conceived through FET or naturally conceived (NC), were recruited. A total of 89 children, 65 in the FET group and 24 in the NC group (matched with the FET group based on children’s BMI) were included in the final statistical analysis of biochemical markers and metabolomics. Results: Children conceived through FET had a lower level of fasting insulin level and HORM-IR and a higher level of fasting glucose and APOE as compared to children naturally conceived. Metabolomics showed that there were 16 small differential metabolites, mainly including amino acids, carnitines, organic acids, butyric, and secondary bile acid between two groups, which enriched in Nitrogen metabolism, Butanoate metabolism, Phenylalanine metabolism, and D-Arginine and D-ornithine metabolism pathways. Conclusion: Although the FET group had a significantly higher level of APOE and fasting glucose, it cannot yet be considered that children in the FET group had an obvious disorder of glucose and lipid metabolism. However, the potentially more active intestinal flora and lower carnitine levels of children in the FET group suggested by metabolomics are worth further exploration. © 2023 by the authors.
Could Naringenin Participate as a Regulator of Obesity and Satiety?; Obesity is a serious health problem worldwide, since it is associated with multiple metabolic disorders and complications such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease and overall metabolic dysfunction. Dysregulation of the hunger–satiety pathway, which includes alterations of central and peripheral signaling, explains some forms of obesity by favoring hyperphagia and weight gain. The present work comprehensively summarizes the mechanisms by which naringenin (NAR), a predominant flavanone in citrus fruits, could modulate the main pathways associated with the development of obesity and some of its comorbidities, such as oxidative stress (OS), inflammation, insulin resistance (IR) and dyslipidemia, as well as the role of NAR in modulating the secretion of enterohormones of the satiety pathway and its possible antiobesogenic effect. The results of multiple in vitro and in vivo studies have shown that NAR has various potentially modulatory biological effects against obesity by countering IR, inflammation, OS, macrophage infiltration, dyslipidemia, hepatic steatosis, and adipose deposition. Likewise, NAR is capable of modulating peptides or peripheral hormones directly associated with the hunger–satiety pathway, such as ghrelin, cholecystokinin, insulin, adiponectin and leptin. The evidence supports the use of NAR as a promising alternative to prevent overweight and obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
Heptadecanoic Acid, an Odd-Chain Fatty Acid, Induces Apoptosis and Enhances Gemcitabine Chemosensitivity in Pancreatic Cancer Cells; Odd-chain saturated fatty acids generally serve as specific biomarkers of dietary components and dairy intake, some of which have anticancer properties. This study was performed to assess the anticancer effects of heptadecanoic acid (HDNA) in human pancreatic carcinoma cells. MTT (thiazolyl blue tetrazolium bromide) assay showed that HDNA exerted stronger cytotoxic effects than pentadecanoic acid, palmitic acid (16:0), stearic acid (18:0), oleic acid (18:1), and linoleic acid (18:2) on both Panc-1 and MIA PaCa-2 pancreatic cancer cells. In addition, HDNA reduced colony formation and induced apoptosis in these pancreatic cancer cells as indicated by Hoechst 33342 staining, Annexin V/propidium iodide staining, cell cycle analysis, and Western blotting analysis in a dose-dependent manner. Moreover, HDNA synergistically reduced cell viability and promoted apoptosis when combined with gemcitabine (GEM), a chemotherapeutic agent commonly used in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. GEM-resistant MIA PaCa-2 (GR-MIA PaCa-2) cells with a resistance indices (RI) value of 215.09 [RI = half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) of GR-MIA PaCa-2 cells/IC50 of MIA PaCa-2 cells] were established, and the efficacy of HDNA on GEM chemosensitivity was confirmed. Surprisingly, HDNA exhibited even higher antiproliferative efficacy against GR-MIA PaCa-2 cells (IC50 = 71.45 ± 6.37 μM) than parental MIA PaCa-2 cells (IC50 = 77.47 ± 2.10 μM). Finally, HDNA treatment inhibited the Hippo pathway and induced apoptosis of GR-MIA PaCa-2 cells. These findings suggest the beneficial effects of a HDNA-rich diet during pancreatic cancer treatments.  © Copyright 2023, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers, and Korean Society of Food Science and Nutrition 2023.
Diagnostic Biomarkers for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Spectroscopy Techniques: A Systematic Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal and foetal consequences, along with the subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and several other diseases. Due to early risk stratification in the prevention of progression of GDM, improvements in biomarker determination for GDM diagnosis will enhance the optimization of both maternal and foetal health. Spectroscopy techniques are being used in an increasing number of applications in medicine for investigating biochemical pathways and the identification of key biomarkers associated with the pathogenesis of GDM. The significance of spectroscopy promises the molecular information without the need for special stains and dyes; therefore, it speeds up and simplifies the necessary ex vivo and in vivo analysis for interventions in healthcare. All the selected studies showed that spectroscopy techniques were effective in the identification of biomarkers through specific biofluids. Existing GDM prediction and diagnosis through spectroscopy techniques presented invariable findings. Further studies are required in larger, ethnically diverse populations. This systematic review provides the up-to-date state of research on biomarkers in GDM, which were identified via various spectroscopy techniques, and a discussion of the clinical significance of these biomarkers in the prediction, diagnosis, and management of GDM. © 2023 by the authors.
Vitamin D alleviates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease via restoring gut microbiota and metabolism; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a severe public health problem. Dysbiosis of gut microbiome has been identified as one of the key environmental factors contributing to NAFLD. As an essential nutrition, Vitamin D (VD) plays an important role in regulating gut microbiota based on its receptor (Vitamin D Receptor, VDR) which is highly expressed in the gastrointestinal tract. Methods: Rats were fed with HFD (high-fat diet) for 12 weeks. And the rats were treated with VD two times a week by intraperitoneal injection for 12 weeks. H&E staining combined with plasma biochemical index was performed to characterize pathological changes and function of the liver. Fecal microbiota 16S rRNA gene sequencing and metabolomics were taken to reveal the altered gut microbiota and metabolites. Result: The VD alleviates the HFD-induced lipid accumulation in the liver as well as decreases the levels of amlodipine besylate (ALT) and amlodipine aspartate (AST). VD supplement decreased the ratio of phylum Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (F/B) but increased alpha diversity. In addition, the VD treatment improved the HFD-induced gut microbiota by increasing the Prevotella and Porphyromonadaceae and decreasing Mucispirillum, Acetatifactor, Desulfovibrio, and Oscillospira abundance. Furthermore, the capability of tyrosine metabolism, tryptophan metabolism, arginine biosynthesis, and sphingolipid metabolism was enhanced after VD treatment. Consistently, Prevotella positively correlated with tryptophan metabolism and sphingolipid metabolism. Importantly, the Prevotella abundance was positively associated with serotonin, melatonin, tryptamine, L-arginine, and 3-dehydrosphinganine which synthesize from tryptophan, tyrosine, arginosuccinate, and serine, respectively. Conclusion: VD treatment inhibited HFD-induced NAFLD accompany by dysbiosis gut microbiota and metabolites, suggesting that VD supplement could be a potential intervention used for NAFLD treatment by targeting the specific microbiota. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Chen, Yang, Zhao, Jin, Ao, Yang, Liu and Du.
Critical Overview on Endocrine Disruptors in Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a major public health problem in all countries due to its high human and economic burden. Major metabolic alterations are associated with the chronic hyperglycemia that characterizes diabetes and causes devastating complications, including retinopathy, kidney failure, coronary disease and increased cardiovascular mortality. The most common form is type 2 diabetes (T2D) accounting for 90 to 95% of the cases. These chronic metabolic disorders are heterogeneous to which genetic factors contribute, but so do prenatal and postnatal life environmental factors including a sedentary lifestyle, overweight, and obesity. However, these classical risk factors alone cannot explain the rapid evolution of the prevalence of T2D and the high prevalence of type 1 diabetes in particular areas. Among environmental factors, we are in fact exposed to a growing amount of chemical molecules produced by our industries or by our way of life. In this narrative review, we aim to give a critical overview of the role of these pollutants that can interfere with our endocrine system, the so-called endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), in the pathophysiology of diabetes and metabolic disorders. © 2023 by the authors.
Uncovering Barriers and Facilitators of Weight Loss and Weight Loss Maintenance: Insights from Qualitative Research; Long-term weight loss maintenance is often difficult to achieve. This review analysed qualitative data on self-perceived barriers and facilitators of weight loss and weight loss maintenance among weight loss intervention participants. A literature search was conducted using electronic databases. Qualitative studies written in English and published between 2011–2021 were eligible for inclusion if they explored the perspectives and experiences of individuals who received standardised dietary and behavioural support for weight loss. Studies were excluded if weight loss was achieved through self-directed methods, only increasing physical activity, or surgical or pharmacological interventions. Fourteen studies were included, totaling 501 participants from six countries. Thematic analysis was used to identify four aggregate themes: internal factors (i.e., motivation and self-efficacy), programme-specific factors (i.e., the intervention diet), social factors (i.e., supporters and saboteurs), and environmental factors (i.e., an obesogenic environment). Our findings demonstrate that internal, social, and environmental factors all influence weight loss success, as well as the acceptability of the weight loss intervention. Future interventions may be more successful if they prioritise participant acceptability and engagement by, for example, providing tailored interventions, a structured relapse management plan, strategies to enhance autonomous motivation and emotional self-regulation, and extended contact during weight loss maintenance. © 2023 by the authors.
Early-life dietary exposures mediate persistent shifts in the gut microbiome and visceral fat metabolism; In utero dietary exposures are linked to the development of metabolic syndrome in adult offspring. These dietary exposures can potentially impact gut microbial composition and offspring metabolic health. Female BALB/c mice were administered a lard, lard þ flaxseed oil, high sugar, or control diet 4 wk before mating, throughout mating, pregnancy, and lactation. Female offspring were offered low-fat control diet at weaning. Fecal 16S sequencing was performed. Untargeted metabolomics was performed on visceral adipose tissue (VAT) of adult female offspring. Immunohistochemistry was used to determine adipocyte size, VAT collagen deposition, and macrophage content. Hippurate was administered via weekly intraperitoneal injections to low-fat and high-fat diet-fed female mice and VAT fibrosis and collagen 1A (COL1A) were assessed by immunohistochemistry. Lard diet exposure was associated with elevated body and VAT weight and dysregulated glucose metabolism. Lard þ flaxseed oil attenuated these effects. Lard diet exposures were associated with increased adipocyte diameter and VAT macrophage count. Lard þ flaxseed oil reduced adipocyte diameter and fibrosis compared with the lard diet. Hippurate-associated bacteria were influenced by lard versus lard þ flax exposures that persisted to adulthood. VAT hippurate was increased in lard þ flaxseed oil compared with lard diet. Hippurate supplementation mitigated VAT fibrosis pathology. Maternal high-fat lard diet consumption resulted in long-term metabolic and gut microbiome programming in offspring, impacting VAT inflammation and fibrosis, and was associated with reduced VAT hippurate content. These traits were not observed in maternal high-fat lard þ flaxseed oil diet-exposed offspring. Hippurate supplementation reduced VAT fibrosis. These data suggest that detrimental effects of early-life high-fat lard diet exposure can be attenuated by dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution CC-BY 4.0.
Health Benefits of Coffee Consumption for Cancer and Other Diseases and Mechanisms of Action; Coffee is one of the most widely consumed beverages worldwide, and epidemiology studies associate higher coffee consumption with decreased rates of mortality and decreased rates of neurological and metabolic diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and type 2 diabetes. In addition, there is also evidence that higher coffee consumption is associated with lower rates of colon and rectal cancer, as well as breast, endometrial, and other cancers, although for some of these cancers, the results are conflicting. These studies reflect the chemopreventive effects of coffee; there is also evidence that coffee consumption may be therapeutic for some forms of breast and colon cancer, and this needs to be further investigated. The mechanisms associated with the chemopreventive or chemotherapeutic effects of over 1000 individual compounds in roasted coffee are complex and may vary with different diseases. Some of these mechanisms may be related to nuclear factor erythroid 2 (Nrf2)-regulated pathways that target oxidative stress or pathways that induce reactive oxygen species to kill diseased cells (primarily therapeutic). There is evidence for the involvement of receptors which include the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) and orphan nuclear receptor 4A1 (NR4A1), as well as contributions from epigenetic pathways and the gut microbiome. Further elucidation of the mechanisms will facilitate the potential future clinical applications of coffee extracts for treating cancer and other inflammatory diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
The Insulin: Glucagon Ratio and Obesity; This communication discusses the physiology and pathology of the insulin glucagon ratio, with respect to obesity. Though high insulin levels are associated with obesity in this manuscript the authors specifically highlight its role in the causation and clinical management of obesity. It suggests that the term insulin glucagon ratio be used in preference to glucagon insulin ratio, and shares insights which may be helpful in informing future research. © 2023 Pakistan Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Diagnostic ability using fatty liver and metabolic markers for metabolic-associated fatty liver disease stratified by metabolic/glycemic abnormalities; Aims/Introduction: Although several noninvasive predictive markers for fatty liver and metabolic markers have been used for fatty liver prediction, whether such markers can also predict metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) remains unclear. We aimed to examine the ability of existing fatty liver or metabolic markers to predict MAFLD. Materials and Methods: Participants in a high-volume center in Tokyo were classified into groups with and without MAFLD, based on the presence of metabolic abnormalities and fatty liver diagnosed through abdominal ultrasonography, between 2008 and 2018. The diagnostic abilities of three fatty liver markers: fatty liver index (FLI), hepatic steatosis index (HSI), and lipid accumulation product (LAP), and three common metabolic markers: waist-to-height ratio (WHR), body mass index (BMI), and waist circumference (WC), for predicting MAFLD, were evaluated. Analyses stratified by MAFLD subtypes were performed. Results: Of 92,374 individuals, 19,392 (36.1%) had MAFLD. The diagnostic performances for MAFLD prediction, measured as c-statistics, for FLI, HSI, LAP, WHR, BMI, and WC were 0.906, 0.892, 0.878, 0.844, 0.877, and 0.878, respectively. Optimal cutoff values for diagnosing MAFLD for FLI, HSI, LAP, WHR, BMI, and WC were 20.3, 32.7, 20.0, 0.49, 22.9, and 82.1, respectively. Analyses stratified by MAFLD subtypes, based on BMI and metabolic/glycemic abnormalities, suggested that FLI and HSI had acceptable (c-statistics >0.700) diagnostic abilities throughout all the analyses. Conclusions: All six markers were excellent predictors of MAFLD in diagnosing among the general population, with FLI and HSI particularly useful among all sub-populations. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
FGF4 improves hepatocytes ferroptosis in autoimmune hepatitis mice via activation of CISD3; Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) is increasingly affecting human health but pharmacotherapies remain to be identified. Growing evidence reveals that ferroptosis, a newly recognized form of programmed cell death, is critical for AIH. However, the exact mechanisms of the ferroptotic cascade remain elusive. Data in this study showed that ferroptosis aggravation was associated with protectively-elevated fibroblast growth factor 4 (FGF4) expression in Concanavalin A (ConA)-induced AIH liver injury, with these effects being effectively reversed by Ferrostatin-1 (Fer-1). Moreover, hepatic Fgf4 depletion was more susceptible to lipid peroxidation and iron accumulation, as well as hepatic lesion and inflammation caused by ConA administration. Conversely, treatment with non-mitogenic recombinant FGF4 (rFGF4) mitigated liver damage and hepatocellular ferroptosis while being accompanied by the upregulation of CDGSH iron-sulfur domain-containing protein 3 (CISD3) in vivo and in vitro. Furthermore, CISD3 overexpression exhibited stronger resistance to ferroptosis while CISD3 knockdown reduced ferroptotic biomarkers cystine/glutamate transporter (xCT) and glutathione peroxidase 4（GPX4) in rFGF4-treated Erastin-induced AML12 cells. In addition, rFGF4 significantly enhanced the levels of heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1) and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) in ConA-induced AIH mice. Overall, this study showed that FGF4 can act as a phylactic role in AIH progression, with rFGF4 treatment inhibiting ferroptosis of hepatocytes by increasing CISD3 levels and activating Nrf2/HO-1 signaling. © 2023 The Author(s)
High Dietary Iron in Western Diet-Fed Male Rats Causes Pancreatic Islet Injury and Acute Pancreatitis; Background: High dietary iron has been linked to an increased type 2 diabetes risk. We have previously shown that intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and feeding a Western diet (WD) to male Sprague-Dawley rats independently, as well as together, cause pancreatic islet inflammation, fibrosis, and hemosiderosis. Objectives: To investigate whether iron has a role in the pathogenesis of this inflammatory islet injury caused by IUGR and WD intake. Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley offspring of bilateral uterine artery ligated (IUGR) and sham-operated (Sham) dams, fostered to nonoperated dams, were fed a WD [45% sucrose, 19.4% protein and 23% fat (w/w)] containing low iron (LI, 20 mg/kg) or high iron (HI, 500 mg/kg) from weaning. Four groups were studied: Sham-LI, Sham-HI, IUGR-LI, and IUGR-HI. Serial measurements of rat body weight, blood glucose, lipids and insulin, an intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (age 13 wk), and histological analysis of pancreas and liver (age 14 wk) were recorded. The effects of iron, IUGR, and their interaction, on these measurements have been analyzed. Results: WD with HI compared with LI caused an 11% greater weight gain by age 14 wk (P < 0.001), impaired glucose tolerance [AUC for glucose (G-AUC) 17% higher; P < 0.001), acute pancreatitis (17/18, HI; 6/17, LI; P < 0.001), pancreas-associated fat necrosis and saponification (7/18, HI; 0/17 LI; P < 0.01), and a trend to islet fibrotic injury (7/18, HI; 1/17 LI; P = 0.051). Although pancreatic and hepatic steatosis was evident in almost all WD-fed rats, pancreatic and hepatic iron accumulation was prevalent only in HI-fed rats (P < 0.0001 for both), being only mild in the livers. IUGR, independent of dietary iron, also caused impairment in glucose tolerance (G-AUC: 17% higher; P < 0.05). Conclusions: A postweaning WD containing HI, independent of IUGR, causes acute pancreatitis and islet injury in Sprague-Dawley rats suggesting a role of dietary iron in the development of steatopancreatitis. © 2023 American Society for Nutrition
Effect of Resveratrol on Pregnancy, Prenatal Complications and Pregnancy-Associated Structure Alterations; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are considered significant health risks for pregnant women and their offspring during pregnancy and throughout their lifespan. These outcomes lead to a perturbated in-utero environment that impacts critical phases of the fetus’s life and correlates to an increased risk of chronic pathological conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases, in both the mother’s and adult offspring’s life. The dietary intake of naturally occurring antioxidants promotes health benefits and disease prevention. In this regard, maternal dietary intake of polyphenolic antioxidants is linked to a reduced risk of maternal obesity and cardio-metabolic disorders, positively affecting both the fetus and offspring. In this work, we will gather and critically appraise the current literature highlighting the effect/s of the naturally occurring polyphenol antioxidant resveratrol on oxidative stress, inflammation, and other molecular and physiological phenomena associated with pregnancy and pregnancy conditions, such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm labor. The resveratrol impact on prenatal complications and pregnancy-associated structures, such as the fetus and placenta, will also be discussed. Finally, we will draw conclusions from the current knowledge and provide future perspectives on potentially exploiting resveratrol as a therapeutic tool in pregnancy-associated conditions. © 2023 by the authors.
Identification and Management of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk in South Asian Populations in the U.S.; South Asians (SAs, individuals with ancestry from Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka) are among the fastest growing ethnic subgroups in the United States. SAs typically experience a high prevalence of diabetes, abdominal obesity, and hypertension, among other cardiovascular disease risk factors, which are often under recognized and undermanaged. The excess coronary heart disease risk in this growing population must be critically assessed and managed with culturally appropriate preventive services. Accordingly, this scientific document prepared by a multidisciplinary group of clinicians and investigators in cardiology, internal medicine, pharmacy, and SA-centric researchers describes key characteristics of traditional and nontraditional cardiovascular disease risk factors, compares and contrasts available risk assessment tools, discusses the role of blood-based biomarkers and coronary artery calcium to enhance risk assessment and prevention strategies, and provides evidenced-based approaches and interventions that may reduce coronary heart disease disparities in this higher-risk population. © 2023 The Authors
Regulation of PPARγ/CPT-1 expression ameliorates cochlear hair cell injury by regulating cellular lipid metabolism and oxidative stress; This study aimed to investigate the protective effects of PPARγ/CPT-1 regulation on cisplatin-induced cochlear hair cell injury. The viability, apoptosis and mitochondrial membrane potential of cisplatin-induced HEI-OC1 cells were determined by CCK-8 assay, TUNEL and JC-1 staining, respectively. The oxidative stress and lipid metabolism were detected by the assay kits of MDA, ROS, SOD, CAT, TG and FFA. The transfection efficiency of overexpression (OV)-PPARG and OV-CPT1A was examined by RT-qPCR and the expressions of apoptosis- and lipid metabolism-related proteins were detected by western blot. As a result, cisplatin with varying concentrations (5, 10, 30 μM) suppressed the viability, promoted the apoptosis and hindered the mitochondrial function of HEI-OC1 cells, accompanied with up-regulated expressions of Bax and cleaved caspase-3 and down-regulated expression of Bcl-2. The oxidative stress was aggravated and lipid metabolism was inhibited by cisplatin (5, 10, 30 μM) induction, evidenced by the increased levels of MDA, ROS, TG, FFA and the decreased levels of SOD and CAT. Overexpression of PPARG or CPT1A could improve the viability, mitochondrial function, lipid metabolism and suppress the oxidative stress and apoptosis of cisplatin-induced HEI-OC1 cells. In conclusion, up-regulation of PPARG or CPT1A ameliorated cochlear hair cell injury by improving cellular lipid metabolism and inhibiting oxidative stress. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Capsaicin and Zinc Signalling Pathways as Promising Targets for Managing Insulin Resistance and Type 2 Diabetes; The global burden of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) has led to significant interest in finding novel and effective therapeutic targets for this chronic disorder. Bioactive food components have effectively improved abnormal glucose metabolism associated with this disease. Capsaicin and zinc are food components that have shown the potential to improve glucose metabolism by activating signalling events in the target cells. Capsaicin and zinc stimulate glucose uptake through the activation of distinct pathways (AMPK and AKT, respectively); however, calcium signal transduction seems to be the common pathway between the two. The investigation of molecular pathways that are activated by capsaicin and zinc has the potential to lead to the discovery of new therapeutic targets for T2DM. Therefore, this literature review aims to provide a summary of the main signalling pathways triggered by capsaicin and zinc in glucose metabolism. © 2023 by the authors.
Crucial Regulatory Role of Organokines in Relation to Metabolic Changes in Non-Diabetic Obesity; Obesity is characterized by an excessive accumulation of fat leading to a plethora of medical complications, including coronary artery disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance and dyslipidemia. Formerly, several physiological roles of organokines, including adipokines, hepatokines, myokines and gut hormones have been described in obesity, especially in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, oxidative stress, and low-grade inflammation. The canonical effect of these biologically active peptides and proteins may serve as an intermediate regulatory level that connects the central nervous system and the endocrine, autocrine, and paracrine actions of organs responsible for metabolic and inflammatory processes. Better understanding of the function of this delicately tuned network may provide an explanation for the wide range of obesity phenotypes with remarkable inter-individual differences regarding comorbidities and therapeutic responses. The aim of this review is to demonstrate the role of organokines in the lipid and glucose metabolism focusing on the obese non-diabetic subgroup. We also discuss the latest findings about sarcopenic obesity, which has recently become one of the most relevant metabolic disturbances in the aging population. © 2023 by the authors.
Metformin: new applications for an old drug; Metformin is a biguanide, evolved as one of the most widely used medicines. The applications of this component include but are not limited to reducing blood glucose, weight loss, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Studies about other probable indications have emerged, indicating that this agent can also be utilized for other purposes. In this review, applications of metformin are noticed based on the current evidence. Metformin commonly is used as an off-label drug in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but it worsens inflammation and should not be used for this purpose, according to the latest research. Metformin decreased the risk of death in patients with liver cirrhosis. It is an effective agent in the prevention and improvement of survival in patients suffering hepatocellular carcinoma. There is evidence of the beneficial effects of metformin in colorectal cancer, early-stage prostate cancer, breast cancer, urothelial cancer, blood cancer, melanoma, and bone cancer, suggesting metformin as a potent anti-tumor agent. Metformin shows neuroprotective effects and provides a potential therapeutic benefit for mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease (AD). It also has been shown to improve mental function and reduce the incidence of dementia. Another condition that metformin has been shown to slow the progression of is Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Regarding infectious diseases, tuberculosis (TB) and coronavirus disease (COVID-19) are among the conditions suggested to be affected by metformin. The beneficial effects of metformin in cardiovascular diseases were also reported in the literature. Concerning renal function, studies showed that daily oral administration of metformin could ameliorate kidney fibrosis and normalize kidney structure and function. This study reviewed the clinical and preclinical evidence about the possible benefits of metformin based on recent studies. Numerous questions like whether these probable indications of metformin can be observed in non-diabetics, need to be described by future basic experiments and clinical studies.  © 2022 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Elevated Bile Acid Is Associated with Worsened Impaired Glucose Homeostasis in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Patients with Extrahepatic Cholestasis through Increased Hepatic Insulin Clearance; Background: Patients after pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) showed improved glucose tolerance. Evidence for the effect of extrahepatic cholestasis on impaired glucose homeostasis secondary to ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head is limited. Methods: In this prospective cross-sectional study, 50 patients with ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were included to assess the effect of extrahepatic cholestasis on glucose tolerance status based on the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) before pancreatic surgery. Results: Patients with extrahepatic cholestasis more frequently suffered from worsened impaired glucose homeostasis (prediabetes and new-onset diabetes, 95.2% vs. 58.6%, p = 0.004). Elevated bile acid level was recognized as an independent risk factor for impaired glucose homeostasis (p = 0.024, OR = 6.85). Hepatic insulin clearance (HIC) was significantly higher in patients with elevated bile acid levels (p = 0.001). A strong positive correlation was found between bile acid levels and HIC (r = 0.45, p = 0.001). Conclusions: This study suggested a connection between elevated bile acid levels and worsened impaired glucose homeostasis through increased insulin clearance function in ductal adenocarcinoma of pancreatic head patients. © 2023 by the authors.
Functionally Significant Variants in Genes Associated with Abdominal Obesity: A Review; The high prevalence of obesity and of its associated diseases is a major problem worldwide. Genetic predisposition and the influence of environmental factors contribute to the development of obesity. Changes in the structure and functional activity of genes encoding adipocytokines are involved in the predisposition to weight gain and obesity. In this review, variants in genes associated with adipocyte function are examined, as are variants in genes associated with metabolic aberrations and the accompanying disorders in visceral obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal Exercise Protects Male Offspring From Maternal Diet–Programmed Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Progression; Maternal obesity programs the risk for development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Maternal exercise is a potential intervention to prevent developmentally programmed phenotypes. We hypothesized that maternal exercise would protect from progression of NAFLD in offspring previously exposed to a maternal obesogenic diet. Female mice were fed chow (CON) or high fat, fructose, cholesterol (HFFC) and bred with lean males. A subset had an exercise wheel introduced 4 weeks after starting the diet to allow for voluntary exercise. The offspring were weaned to the HFFC diet for 7 weeks to induce NAFLD. Serum, adipose, and liver tissue were collected for metabolic, histologic, and gene expression analyses. Cecal contents were collected for 16S sequencing. Global metabolomics was performed on liver. Female mice fed the HFFC diet had increased body weight prior to adding an exercise wheel. Female mice fed the HFFC diet had an increase in exercise distance relative to CON during the preconception period. Exercise distance was similar between groups during pregnancy and lactation. CON-active and HFFC-active offspring exhibited decreased inflammation compared with offspring from sedentary dams. Fibrosis increased in offspring from HFFC-sedentary dams compared with CON-sedentary. Offspring from exercised HFFC dams exhibited less fibrosis than offspring from sedentary HFFC dams. While maternal diet significantly affected the microbiome of offspring, the effect of maternal exercise was minimal. Metabolomics analysis revealed shifts in multiple metabolites including several involved in bile acid, 1-carbon, histidine, and acylcarnitine metabolism. This study provides preclinical evidence that maternal exercise is a potential approach to prevent developmentally programmed liver disease progression in offspring. © 2023 Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Crosstalk between Gut Microbiota and Host Immunity: Impact on Inflammation and Immunotherapy; Gut microbes and their metabolites are actively involved in the development and regulation of host immunity, which can influence disease susceptibility. Herein, we review the most recent research advancements in the gut microbiota–immune axis. We discuss in detail how the gut microbiota is a tipping point for neonatal immune development as indicated by newly uncovered phenomenon, such as maternal imprinting, in utero intestinal metabolome, and weaning reaction. We describe how the gut microbiota shapes both innate and adaptive immunity with emphasis on the metabolites short-chain fatty acids and secondary bile acids. We also comprehensively delineate how disruption in the microbiota–immune axis results in immune-mediated diseases, such as gastrointestinal infections, inflammatory bowel diseases, cardiometabolic disorders (e.g., cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and hypertension), autoimmunity (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis), hypersensitivity (e.g., asthma and allergies), psychological disorders (e.g., anxiety), and cancer (e.g., colorectal and hepatic). We further encompass the role of fecal microbiota transplantation, probiotics, prebiotics, and dietary polyphenols in reshaping the gut microbiota and their therapeutic potential. Continuing, we examine how the gut microbiota modulates immune therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors, JAK inhibitors, and anti-TNF therapies. We lastly mention the current challenges in metagenomics, germ-free models, and microbiota recapitulation to a achieve fundamental understanding for how gut microbiota regulates immunity. Altogether, this review proposes improving immunotherapy efficacy from the perspective of microbiome-targeted interventions. © 2023 by the authors.
A Potential Link Between Visceral Obesity and Risk of Alzheimer’s Disease; Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia characterized by the deposition of amyloid beta (Aβ) plaques and tau-neurofibrillary tangles in the brain. Visceral obesity (VO) is usually associated with low-grade inflammation due to higher expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines by adipose tissue. The objective of the present review was to evaluate the potential link between VO and the development of AD. Tissue hypoxia in obesity promotes tissue injury, production of adipocytokines, and release of pro-inflammatory cytokines leading to an oxidative-inflammatory loop with induction of insulin resistance. Importantly, brain insulin signaling is involved in the pathogenesis of AD and lower cognitive function. Obesity and enlargement of visceral adipose tissue are associated with the deposition of Aβ. All of this is consonant with VO increasing the risk of AD through the dysregulation of adipocytokines which affect the development of AD. The activated nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB) pathway in VO might be a potential link in the development of AD. Likewise, the higher concentration of advanced glycation end-products in VO could be implicated in the pathogenesis of AD. Taken together, different inflammatory signaling pathways are activated in VO that all have a negative impact on the cognitive function and progression of AD except hypoxia-inducible factor 1 which has beneficial and neuroprotective effects in mitigating the progression of AD. In addition, VO-mediated hypoadiponectinemia and leptin resistance may promote the progression of Aβ formation and tau phosphorylation with the development of AD. In conclusion, VO-induced AD is mainly mediated through the induction of oxidative stress, inflammatory changes, leptin resistance, and hypoadiponectinemia that collectively trigger Aβ formation and neuroinflammation. Thus, early recognition of VO by visceral adiposity index with appropriate management could be a preventive measure against the development of AD in patients with VO. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Emerging Nano-Theranostic Strategies against Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: a review; As a major global cause of liver damage, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with excessive hepatocellular accumulation of lipids in the liver, elevated levels of hepatic enzymes,and the fibrotic evidence. The primary therapies for NAFLD are changing lifestyle or managing comorbid-associated diseases. Lately, nanotechnology has revolutionized the art of nanostructure synthesis for disease imaging, diagnosis, and treatment. Loading drugs into nanocarriers hasbeen established as a promising strategy to extend their circulating time, particularly in treating NAFLD. In addition, considering a master modulator of adipogenesis and lysosomal biogenesis and function, designing novel nanostructures for biomedical applications requires using biodegradable materials. Various nanostructures, including inorganic nanoparticles (NPs), organic-based NPs, metallic nanocarriers, biodegradable polymeric nanocarriers, polymer-hybrid nanocarriers, and lipid-based nanocarriers have been designed for NAFLD treatment, which significantly affected serum glucose/lipid levels and liver function indices. NPs modified with polymers, bimetallic NPs, and superparamagnetic NPs have been used to design sensitive nanosensors to measure NAFLD-related biomarkers. However, certain limitations are associated with their use as diagnostic agents. The purpose of this review article is to shed light on the recent advancements in the field of nanomedicine for the early diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of this progressive liver disease. © 2023, Iran University of Science and Technology. All rights reserved.
The effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammation, oxidative stress, and circulating adiponectin and leptin concentration in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Purpose: Probiotics or synbiotics consumption have been suggested to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a decline in inflammation and oxidative stress, however, the results from studies are conflicting. This study filled this knowledge gap by evaluating randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating probiotics or synbiotics intake on adipokines, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: We systematically did search up to March 2022 in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library. A random-effect model was applied to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. Results: A total of 32 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. This intervention led to a significant decrease in levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD − 0.62 mg/l; 95% CI − 0.80, − 0.44; p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) (WMD − 0.27 pg/ml; 95% CI − 0.44, − 0.10; p = 0.002) and malondialdehyde (MDA) (WMD − 0.51 µmol/l; 95% CI − 0.73, − 0.30; p < 0.001), and also a significant increase in levels of glutathione (GSH) (WMD 69.80 µmol/l; 95% CI 33.65, 105.95; p < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD 73.59 mmol/l; 95% CI 33.24, 113.95; p < 0.001) and nitric oxide (NO) (WMD 7.49 µmol/l; 95% CI 3.12, 11.86; p = 0.001), without significant alterations in interleukin-6 (IL-6) and adipokines levels. Conclusion: A consumption of probiotics or synbiotics could be a useful intervention to improve cardiometabolic outcomes through a reduced inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and T2DM. © 2022, Crown.
Extracellular Vesicles as Carriers of Adipokines and Their Role in Obesity; Extracellular vesicles (EVs) have lately arisen as new metabolic players in energy homeostasis participating in intercellular communication at the local and distant levels. These nanosized lipid bilayer spheres, carrying bioactive molecular cargo, have somehow changed the paradigm of biomedical research not only as a non-classic cell secretion mechanism, but as a rich source of biomarkers and as useful drug-delivery vehicles. Although the research about the role of EVs on metabolism and its deregulation on obesity and associated pathologies lagged slightly behind other diseases, the knowledge about their function under normal and pathological homeostasis is rapidly increasing. In this review, we are focusing on the current research regarding adipose tissue shed extracellular vesicles including their characterization, size profile, and molecular cargo content comprising miRNAs and membrane and intra-vesicular proteins. Finally, we will focus on the functional aspects attributed to vesicles secreted not only by adipocytes, but also by other cells comprising adipose tissue, describing the evidence to date on the deleterious effects of extracellular vesicles released by obese adipose tissue both locally and at the distant level by interacting with other peripheral organs and even at the central level. © 2023 by the authors.
Improvement of myocardial injury and gut microbiota disturbance in type 2 diabetic mice by inulin with various degrees of polymerization; This study is to explore the effects of low-performance inulin (SI, DP < 10) and high-performance inulin (HI, DP > 10) on myocardial injury in type 2 diabetic mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD) and its underlying mechanism. Six weeks of supplementation of type 2 diabetic mice with HI significantly improved blood glucose, insulin, and triglyceride levels in comparison with SI (p < 0.05). HI had more advantageous effects in ameliorating myocardial injury by suppressing TNF-α, IL-1β, and CK-MB and promoting SDF-1β than SI. Compared to SI, HI more significantly reduced the abundance of Firmicutes from 60.5% to 36.3% in type 2 diabetic mice fed a HFD and increased the abundance of Muribaculum, Blautia and Ruminococcaceae UCG−011 at the genus level (p < 0.05). Metabolomics revealed that both SI and HI supplementation regulated tryptophan metabolism, bile acid metabolism, sphingolipid metabolism, and arachidonic acid metabolism, whereas HI supplementation increased prostaglandin h2 compared to SI. In summary, HI exhibited superior positive regulation of myocardial injury and gut microbiota dysfunction compared to SI. © 2022
Extracellular vesicles regulate the transmission of insulin resistance and redefine noncommunicable diseases; Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), such as diabetes and related neurological disorders, are considered to not be directly transmissible from one person to another. However, NCDs may be transmissible in vivo through extracellular vesicles (EVs). A long-term high-fat diet (HFD) can induce a series of health issues like hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) due to insulin resistance. Multiple molecular signaling changes can stimulate insulin resistance, especially blocking insulin signaling by increased insulin resistance inducer (phosphorylation of negative regulatory sites of insulin receptor substrate (IRS) proteins) and decreased tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate (phosphorylation of positive regulatory sites of IRS), thus leading to reduced phosphorylation of AKT enzymes. Current efforts to treat T2DM and prevent its complications mainly focus on improving insulin sensitivity, enhancing insulin secretion, or supplementing exogenous insulin based on a common assumption that insulin resistance is noncommunicable. However, insulin resistance is transmissible within multiple tissues or organs throughout the body. Exploring the regulatory roles of EVs in developing insulin resistance may provide novel and effective preventive and therapeutic strategies. Copyright © 2023 Li, Li, Liu and Zha.
The Weissella and Periweissella genera: up-to-date taxonomy, ecology, safety, biotechnological, and probiotic potential; Bacteria belonging to the genera Weissella and Periweissella are lactic acid bacteria, which emerged in the last decades for their probiotic and biotechnological potential. In 2015, an article reviewing the scientific literature till that date on the taxonomy, ecology, and biotechnological potential of the Weissella genus was published. Since then, the number of studies on this genus has increased enormously, several novel species have been discovered, the taxonomy of the genus underwent changes and new insights into the safety, and biotechnological and probiotic potential of weissellas and periweissellas could be gained. Here, we provide an updated overview (from 2015 until today) of the taxonomy, ecology, safety, biotechnological, and probiotic potential of these lactic acid bacteria. Copyright © 2023 Fusco, Chieffi, Fanelli, Montemurro, Rizzello and Franz.
Relationship between changes in microbiota induced by resveratrol and its anti-diabetic effect on type 2 diabetes; Although a general healthy gut microbiota cannot be defined due to numerous internal and external individual factors, such as sex, age, ethnicity, genetics, environment, diet and drugs affect its composition, certain microbial species and gut microbiota compositions seem to be related to the progression of insulin resistance to type 2 diabetes, as well as the development of microvascular and macrovascular complications of diabetes. The present review aimed at gathering the reported information describing how resveratrol induced changes in microbiota composition can mediate the positive effects of this polyphenol on glucose homeostasis under type 2 diabetic conditions, both in animals and humans. Based on the fact that some changes observed in the gut microbiota of type 2 diabetic animals and patients are reversed by resveratrol treatment, and taking into account that some resveratrol mediated changes in gut microbiota composition are similar to those induced by anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin, it can be proposed that four genera, Alistipes, Allobaculum, Desulfovibrio and Blautia could be involved in the benefits of resveratrol on glycameic control. Nevertheless some limitations are observed in this research field: (a) the number of studies analyzing both the effects of resveratrol on glucose homeostasis and microbiota composition in the same cohort of animals, in order to know the potential involvement of microbiota in the anti-diabetic effects of this phenolic compound, are very scarce and practically inexistent in the case of humans., (b) the studies present inconsistencies concerning the effects of resveratrol on gut microbiota changes, (c) the experimental design used do not allow the researchers to establish a causal relationship between the changes in microbiota and the anti-diabetic effect, in the vast majority of the studies, (d) the knowledge about the role of each type of bacteria on glycaemic control is not sufficient so far. Copyright © 2023 Fernandez-Quintela, Macarulla, Gómez-Zorita, González, Milton-Laskibar and Portillo.
Antidiabetic plants, phytoconstituents, and nanoformulations for diabetes treatment; Diabetes is a chronic metabolic syndrome that affects millions of people throughout the world. The Improper selection of drugs and their doses and undesirable side effects pose the problem in the treatment of diabetes. Due to few side effects and the high efficiency of new drugs, there is increasing interest in searching for herbal sources. However, formulation of several plant-derived compounds and their drug delivery systems was found to be slow due to the complexity of active compounds. In this respect, varied nanoformulations have been developed for herbal drugs and found equally efficient to chemically nanoparticle formulations in the treatment of diabetes. This chapter summarizes the current knowledge on various plant-derived drugs, potentization using sanjeevan system, and nanoformulations for control of diabetes and related complications. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Blood nesfatin-1 levels in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Previous studies have investigated the relationship between nesfatin-1 level and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). However, these studies have produced conflicting results. Thus, in this meta-analysis, we aimed to clarify the association between blood nesfatin-1 levels and PCOS, and the ability of nesfatin-1 as a biomarker in PCOS. Methods: Meta-analysis was performed using STATA 12.0 software. We computed standard mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI) regarding the comparison of blood nesfatin-1 in patients with PCOS and controls. Results: The present meta-analysis showed no significant difference in blood nesfatin-1 level between patients with PCOS and controls with a random effects model (SMD = 0.03; 95%CI: -0.71, 0.77; I2 = 97.1%, p value for Q test < 0.001). Subgroup analysis for different ethnicities reported no significant difference in blood nesfatin-1 level between patients with PCOS and controls in both Caucasian and Asian populations. Subgroup analysis for different sample types reported no significant difference in serum nesfatin-1 level between patients with PCOS and controls. Subgroup studies reported no significant difference in blood nesfatin-1 level between PCOS and controls in both obese and non-obese populations. Conclusion: In conclusion, there is no significant relationship between blood nesfatin-1 levels and PCOS. Copyright © 2024 Wang, Tong, Zhu, Tang and Tang.
Evaluation of Advanced Glycation End Products, Oxidative Stress and Antioxidants and their Relationship in Diabetic patients; Objective: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is a major public health problem in developed countries; which also plays a vital role in providing information about advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and these induce oxidative stress (OS). The aim of this study is to evaluate the AGEs, OS, antioxidant, and lipid profile parameters in sera of DM patients. Methods: The current study includes 82 subjects (50 patients with type II DM and 32 healthy subjects, men and women). Demographic factors and medication intake of every subject were obtained. The advanced glycation end products (AGEs), oxidative stress (OS), antioxidant, and lipid profile parameters were measured using a spectrometric method and ELISA test. Results: The present study elucidated that the serum levels of CML, CEL, Pyralline, 8-OHdG, and MDA were significantly increased in diabetic patients compared with the healthy group. The serum levels of GSH, NO, and GSH-Px were significantly decreased in patients with DM rather than in the healthy group. While the serum levels of CAT and SOD were non-significantly decreased in patients with DM. Conclusion: Meanwhile, the elevation of AGEs and OS are associated with DM patients. NO and CML could be potential biomarkers for DM. © 2023, Salahaddin University - Erbil. All rights reserved.
Nuciferine Ameliorates Nonesterified Fatty Acid-Induced Bovine Mammary Epithelial Cell Lipid Accumulation, Apoptosis, and Impaired Migration via Activating LKB1/AMPK Signaling Pathway; High blood concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFAs) provoke various metabolic disorders and are associated with mammary tissue injury and decreased milk production in dairy cows. Nuciferine, an alkaloid found in Nelumbo nucifera leaves, has great potential for correcting lipid metabolism derangements and lipotoxicity. In this study, we evaluated the lipotoxicity induced by excessive NEFA in bovine mammary epithelial cells (bMECs) and investigated whether nuciferine alleviates NEFA-induced lipotoxicity and the underlying molecular mechanisms. We found that excessive NEFA (1.2 and 2.4 mM) induced lipid accumulation, apoptosis, and migration ability impairment in bMECs, whereas nuciferine could ameliorate these disarrangements, as indicated by decreasing triglyceride content, protein abundance of SREBP-1c, cytoplasmic cytochrome c, and cleaved caspase-3 and increasing protein abundance of PPARα and migration ability. Moreover, nuciferine could reverse NEFA-induced LKB1/AMPK signaling inhibition, and the protective effect of nuciferine on lipotoxicity caused by NEFA was abrogated by AMPK inhibitor dorsomorphin. Furthermore, transfection with LKB1 siRNA (si-LKB1) largely abolished the activation effect of nuciferine on AMPK. Overall, nuciferine can protect bMECs from excessive NEFA-induced lipid accumulation, apoptosis, and impaired migration by activating LKB1/AMPK signaling pathway. © 2022 American Chemical Society.
HORMONAL THERAPY OF PROLIFERATIVE PROCESSES OF THE ENDOMYOMETRIUM AS A PREDICTOR OF METABOLIC DISORDERS IN THE LONG-TERM POSTOPERATIVE PERIOD; Hysterectomy is one of the most common gynecological operations performed in the world. The aim of the study was to identify risk factors for the development of metabolic disorders in the postoperative period in patients who underwent hysterectomy without appendages, and to determine the role of hormone therapy as a predictor of metabolic syndrome. Materials and methods. The study included 110 patients who were surgically treated for leiomyoma; 68 patients received hormonal therapy for symptoms of fibroids (menometrorrhagia) before surgery (group 1), and 42 patients whose main method of recovery was surgical intervention (hysterectomy without appendages). Results. With increasing age, the proportion of nosological forms of proliferative processes of the endo-myometrium changes, namely, the frequency of leiomyoma with endometriosis decreases, and there is a tendency to increase the number of isolated forms of fibroids. The analysis of the initial data on the prevalence of somatic pathology revealed a high proportion of arterial hypertension and fat metabolism disorders, and hepatobiliary system diseases were 2 times more common among patients in group 1 (p < 0.05). The formation of predictors of MS after surgical rehabilitation was noted up to 36 months in 64.7 % of patients in group 1 versus 33.3 % in group 2; persistent arterial hypertension was detected in 38.2 % of observations, an increase in BMI (overweight and development of grade I-II obesity) was noted in more than half of cases, insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia, primarily due to the fraction of increased LDL cholesterol, were diagnosed in 67.6 %. The change in the HOMA-IR index depended on the initial body weight and demonstrated a jump-like increase one year after the surgery with the preservation of consistently high values in the long-term period. Conclusions. Predictors of the risk of metabolic syndrome in patients surgically treated for uterine leiomyoma are a hereditary history of pathology associated with metabolic syndrome, a combination of uterine leiomyoma with endometrial hyperplasia, fat metabolism disorders, pathology of the hepatobiliary tract, and to a lesser extent — arterial hypertension and vascular pathology. It has been established that long-term hormonal therapy of leiomyoma symptoms along with hysterectomy, even with preservation of ovarian tissue, is a factor in the increase in the proportion of clinical and laboratory criteria for metabolic syndrome, arterial hypertension, obesity, and disorders of fat and carbohydrate metabolism. © 2023 National Academy of Medical Science and Ministry of Health of Ukraine. All rights reserved.
Bifidobacterium adolescentis-a beneficial microbe; Bifidobacterium adolescentis is one of the most abundant bifidobacterial species in the human large intestine, and is prevalent in 60-80% of healthy human adults with cell densities ranging from 109-1010 cells/g of faeces. Lower abundance is found in children and in elderly individuals. The species is evolutionary adapted to fermenting plant-derived glycans and is equipped with an extensive sugar transporter and degradation enzymes repertoire. Consequently, the species is strongly affected by dietary carbohydrates and is able to utilize a wide range of prebiotic molecules. B. adolescentis is specialized in metabolizing resistant starch and is considered a primary starch degrader enabling growth of other beneficial bacteria by cross-feeding. The major metabolic output is acetate and lactate in a ratio of 3:2. Several health-beneficial properties have been demonstrated in certain strains of B. adolescentis in vitro and in rodent models, including enhancement of the intestinal barrier function, anti-inflammatory and immune-regulatory effects, and the production of neurotransmitters (GABA), and vitamins. Although causalities have not been established, reduced abundance of B. adolescentis as part of a dysbiotic colonic microbiota in human observational studies has been associated with inflammatory bowel diseases, irritable bowel syndrome, coeliac disease, cystic fibrosis, Helicobacter pylori infection, type 1 and 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, and certain allergies. It is therefore reasonable to conceive B. adolescentis as a health-associated, or even health-promoting bacterial species in humans. © 2023 Published with license by Koninklijke Brill NV.
Circulating spexin levels are influenced by the glycemic status and correlated with pancreatic β-cell function in Chinese subjects; Aims: Spexin plays a role in regulating glucose metabolism. This study investigated the spexin levels in different glycemic status and its association with insulin secretion in humans. Methods: A total of 462 subjects were recruited in this study, including 52 healthy subjects, 106 first-degree relatives (FDRs) of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), 115 impaired glucose regulation (IGR), 80 newly diagnosed T2DM, and 106 established T2DM. Serum spexin was measured using ELISA. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR) and β-cell function (HOMA2-β), and Stumvoll index estimating first- and second-phase insulin secretion were calculated. Results: Spexin levels were higher in FDRs [235.53 pg/ml (185.28, 293.95)] and IGR [239.79 pg/ml (191.52, 301.69)], comparable in newly diagnosed T2DM [224.68 pg/ml (187.37, 279.74)], and lower in established T2DM [100.11 pg/ml (78.50, 137.34)], compared with healthy subjects [200.23 pg/ml (160.32, 275.65)]. Spexin levels were negatively correlated with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (r = − 0.355, P < 0.001), hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) (r = − 0.379, P < 0.001), and HOMA2-IR (r = − 0.225, P < 0.001), and positively correlated with HOMA2-β (r = 0.245, P < 0.001) after adjusting for age, sex, and BMI. Multivariate linear regression analysis showed that established T2DM and HOMA2-β were independently associated with serum spexin levels. Conclusions: Serum spexin levels represented as a bell-shaped curve along the glycemic continuum and is closely related with insulin secretion in humans. © 2022, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Effect of sodium–glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors on insulin resistance; a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aim: Recent studies have indicated that Sodium–GLucose co-Transporter 2 Inhibitors (SGLT2Is) may increase insulin sensitivity (IS); however, these results are heterogeneous and need to be systematically assessed. Method: We searched MEDLINE/PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane Library, Ovid, and ProQuest using a predefined search query. Randomized clinical trials on SGLT2Is with a passive control group or metformin controlled group were included. Risk of bias assessment was performed using the Cochrane risk of bias assessment tool. Meta-analysis was performed separately on studies with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) population and studies with non-T2DM population and also for passive- and active-controlled studies using standardized mean difference (SMD) as the measure of the effect size. Subgroup analysis was performed according to different types of SGLT2Is. Meta-regression analysis was performed according to the dose and duration of intervention. Results: Twenty-two studies (6 on non-T2DM population) with a total of 1421 (243 non-T2DM) patients were included. Six studies (3 on T2DM and 3 on non-T2DM) were controlled by metformin, and others were passively controlled. SGLT2Is could significantly increase IS in T2DM patients (SMD = 0.72 [0.32–1.12]). SGLT2Is could reduce insulin resistance in non-T2DM population, but this was not significant. SGLT2Is were not inferior to metformin in reducing insulin resistance. Subgroup analysis indicated that dapagliflozin could significantly increase IS, but empagliflozin was not associated with significant improvement in IS. Meta-regression analysis indicated no effect for dose but duration of SGLT2I administration on IS. Conclusion: SGLT2Is, particularly dapagliflozin, could increase IS. These results need to be consolidated by further studies. © 2022, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Role of natural products and intestinal flora on type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a complicated, globally expanding disease that is influenced by hereditary and environmental variables. Changes in modern society's food choices, physical inactivity, and obesity are significant factors in the development of type 2 DM (T2DM). The association between changes in intestinal flora and numerous disorders, including obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases, has been studied in recent years. The purpose of this review is to analyze the mechanisms underlying the alteration of the diabetic patients' intestinal flora, as well as their therapeutic choices. Also included is a summary of the antidiabetic benefits of natural compounds demonstrated by studies. The short-chain fatty acids theory, the bile acid theory, and the endotoxin theory are all potential methods by which intestinal flora contributes to the establishment and progression of T2DM. Due to an intestinal flora imbalance, abnormalities in shortchain fatty acids and secondary bile acids have been found in diabetic patients. Additionally, metabolic endotoxemia with altering flora induces a systemic inflammatory response by stimulating the immune system via bacterial translocation. The agenda for diabetes treatment includes the use of short-chain fatty acids, probiotics, prebiotics in the diet, fecal bacteria transplantation, and antibiotics. Animal studies have proven the antidiabetic benefits of numerous bioactive substances, including Flavonoids, Alkaloids, Saponin, and Allicin. However, further research is required to contribute to the treatment of diabetes © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Comprehensive insight into triclosan—from widespread occurrence to health outcomes; Humans are exposed to the variety of emerging environmental pollutant in everyday life. The special concern is paid to endocrine disrupting chemicals especially to triclosan which could interfere with normal hormonal functions. Triclosan could be found in numerous commercial products such as mouthwashes, toothpastes and disinfectants due to its antibacterial and antifungal effects. Considering the excessive use and disposal, wastewaters are recognized as the main source of triclosan in the aquatic environment. As a result of the incomplete removal, triclosan residues reach surface water and even groundwater. Triclosan has potential to accumulate in sediment and aquatic organisms. Therefore, the detectable concentrations of triclosan in various environmental and biological matrices emerged concerns about the potential toxicity. Triclosan impairs thyroid homeostasis and could be associated with neurodevelopment impairment, metabolic disorders, cardiotoxicity and the increased cancer risk. The growing resistance of the vast groups of bacteria, the evidenced toxicity on different aquatic organisms, its adverse health effects observed in vitro, in vivo as well as the available epidemiological studies suggest that further efforts to monitor triclosan toxicity at environmental levels are necessary. The safety precaution measures and full commitment to proper legislation in compliance with the environmental protection are needed in order to obtain triclosan good ecological status. This paper is an overview of the possible negative triclosan effects on human health. Sources of exposure to triclosan, methods and levels of detection in aquatic environment are also discussed. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial using pure palmitoleic acid to ameliorate insulin resistance and lipogenesis in overweight and obese subjects with prediabetes; Palmitoleic acid (POA), a nonessential, monounsaturated omega-7 fatty acid (C16:1n7), is a lipid hormone secreted from adipose tissue and has beneficial effects on distant organs, such as the liver and muscle. Interestingly, POA decreases lipogenesis in toxic storage sites such as the liver and muscle, and paradoxically increases lipogenesis in safe storage sites, such as adipose tissue. Furthermore, higher POA levels in humans are correlated with better insulin sensitivity, an improved lipid profile, and a lower incidence of type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular pathologies, such as myocardial infarction. In preclinical animal models, POA improves glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and steatosis of the muscle and liver, while improving insulin sensitivity and secretion. This double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial tests the hypothesis that POA increases insulin sensitivity and decreases hepatic lipogenesis in overweight and obese adult subjects with pre-diabetes. Important to note, that this is the first study ever to use pure (>90%) POA with < 0.3% palmitic acid (PA), which masks the beneficial effects of POA. The possible positive findings may offer a therapeutic and/or preventative pathway against diabetes and related immunometabolic diseases. Copyright © 2024 Cetin, Pedersen, Porter, Adler and Burak.
Seaweed polysaccharide relieves hexavalent chromium-induced gut microbial homeostasis; Heavy metals released in the environment pose a huge threat to soil and water quality, food safety and public health. Additionally, humans and other mammals may also be directly exposed to heavy metals or exposed to heavy metals through the food chain, which seriously threatens the health of animals and humans. Chromium, especially hexavalent chromium [Cr (VI)], as a common heavy metal, has been shown to cause serious environmental pollution as well as intestinal damage. Thus, increasing research is devoted to finding drugs to mitigate the negative health effects of hexavalent chromium exposure. Seaweed polysaccharides have been demonstrated to have many pharmacological effects, but whether it can alleviate gut microbial dysbiosis caused by hexavalent chromium exposure has not been well characterized. Here, we hypothesized that seaweed polysaccharides could alleviate hexavalent chromium exposure-induced poor health in mice. Mice in Cr and seaweed polysaccharide treatment group was compulsively receive K2Cr2O7. At the end of the experiment, all mice were euthanized, and colon contents were collected for DNA sequencing analysis. Results showed that seaweed polysaccharide administration can restore the gut microbial dysbiosis and the reduction of gut microbial diversity caused by hexavalent chromium exposure in mice. Hexavalent chromium exposure also caused significant changes in the gut microbial composition of mice, including an increase in some pathogenic bacteria and a decrease in beneficial bacteria. However, seaweed polysaccharides administration could ameliorate the composition of gut microbiota. In conclusion, this study showed that seaweed polysaccharides can restore the negative effects of hexavalent chromium exposure in mice, including gut microbial dysbiosis. Meanwhile, this research also lays the foundation for the application of seaweed polysaccharides. Copyright © 2023 Mu, Guo, Wang, Wang, Fu, Li, Zhu, Hu and Ma.
High-fiber-diet-related metabolites improve neurodegenerative symptoms in patients with obesity with diabetes mellitus by modulating the hippocampal–hypothalamic endocrine axis; Objective: Through transcriptomic and metabolomic analyses, this study examined the role of high-fiber diet in obesity complicated by diabetes and neurodegenerative symptoms. Method: The expression matrix of high-fiber-diet-related metabolites, blood methylation profile associated with pre-symptomatic dementia in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and high-throughput single-cell sequencing data of hippocampal samples from patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD) were retrieved from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database and through a literature search. Data were analyzed using principal component analysis (PCA) after quality control and data filtering to identify different cell clusters and candidate markers. A protein–protein interaction network was mapped using the STRING database. To further investigate the interaction among high-fiber-diet-related metabolites, methylation-related DEGs related to T2DM, and single-cell marker genes related to AD, AutoDock was used for semi-flexible molecular docking. Result: Based on GEO database data and previous studies, 24 marker genes associated with high-fiber diet, T2DM, and AD were identified. Top 10 core genes include SYNE1, ANK2, SPEG, PDZD2, KALRN, PTPRM, PTPRK, BIN1, DOCK9, and NPNT, and their functions are primarily related to autophagy. According to molecular docking analysis, acetamidobenzoic acid, the most substantially altered metabolic marker associated with a high-fiber diet, had the strongest binding affinity for SPEG. Conclusion: By targeting the SPEG protein in the hippocampus, acetamidobenzoic acid, a metabolite associated with high-fiber diet, may improve diabetic and neurodegenerative diseases in obese people. Copyright © 2023 Luo, Guo, Peng and Deng.
Causal association between arsenic metabolism and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease based on mendelian randomization; BackgroundAnimal experimental studies have shown that arsenic exposure contributes to hepatic lipid accumulation, but epidemiological findings are inconsistent. Moreover, the role of arsenic metabolism is still unclear. ObjectiveTo evaluate the potential causal association between arsenic metabolism and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). MethodsA total of 1020 participants from the Dongfeng-Tongji cohort with urinary arsenic metabolites and genotype data were included in the present study (NAFLD group, n=529; non- NAFLD group, n=491). Epidemiological information was obtained by questionnaire survey, liver ultrasound was obtained by physical examination, arsenic metabolites in urine were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, and DNA from leukocytes was extracted for genome-wide genotype. NAFLD was diagnosed if the following two criteria were met: (1) positive fatty liver according to abdominal ultrasonography; (2) excluding participants reporting history of excessive alcohol consumption (≥30 g·d−1 for men; ≥20 g·d−1 for women) and; or fatty liver with other known causes. Genetic risk score (GRS) and weighted genetic risk score (w-GRS) were constructed using single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) related to arsenic metabolism reported in previous studies to predict the estimated arsenic metabolism. Logistic regression models were used to analyze the association between arsenic metabolism and NAFLD; linear regression models were used to analyze the association between GRS; w-GRS and arsenic metabolism, and Mendelian randomization analysis was performed using GRS method, inverse variance weighting, Egger regression, and weighted median. Results The mean age of the 1020 participants was (68.14±7.45) years, of which 64% were female, and 529 (51.9%) were NAFLD cases. The median (P25, P75) level of total arsenic in urine was 18.34 (11.93, 27.14) μg·L−1 with a geometric mean and standard deviation of (15.86±1.81) μg·L−1. The proportions of inorganic arsenic (iAs%), monomethylarsenic (MMA%), and dimethylarsenic (DMA%) in the total arsenic were 13.90%±9.90%, 9.49%±4.97%, and 76.60%±11.00%, respectively. After adjustment for potential confounders, the ORs (95%CIs) for NAFLD risk by per standard deviation increase in iAs% and MMA% were 1.21 (1.06, 1.38) and 0.62 (0.51, 0.74) respectively. Each unit increase in GRS constructed from 77 SNPs was associated with a 0.16% increase in MMA% and a 0.19% decrease in DMA%, and each unit increase in w-GRS was associated with a 0.17% increase in MMA% and a 0.14% decrease in DMA%. After further exclusion of SNPs with linkage disequilibrium (r2>0.3) and pleiotropic effect, a total of 25 SNPs were included in the Mendelian randomization analysis. The GRS method showed that the OR (95%CI) for NAFLD risk by per unit increase in MMA% expectation was 0.95 (0.90, 0.99), and the inverse variance weighting method also showed a significant association between MMA% and NAFLD, with OR (95%CI) of 0.91 (0.84, 0.99). ConclusionThere is a negative causal association between MMA% and NAFLD. © 2023, Shanghai Municipal Center for Disease Control and Prevention. All rights reserved.
Atlas of Diabetes Mellitus, Fourth Edition; This completely revised and updated Fourth Edition of the Atlas of Diabetes Mellitus provides a broad coverage of all aspects of diabetes mellitus and an extensive collection of common and rare clinical images. It aims to provide an invaluable resource for anyone interested in the management of this ubiquitous clinical condition including primary care/family physicians, endocrinologists, physicians in training, diabetic specialist nurses and other key professionals who are likely to be involved in the care of patients with diabetes mellitus. © 2024 Ian N Scobie and David Hopkins.
Genetic variants of the glucagon-like receptor-1 in obesity; Introduction and aim. Dysfunction of the glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1)/GLP-1 receptor (GLP-1R) axis promotes obesity and metabolic disorders. The aim was to study the associations of the single nucleotide variants (SNV) GLP1R gene with pro-inflammatory cytokines and metabolic disorders in children with various obesity phenotypes. Material and methods. 252 children with obesity aged 6-18 years were examined. The first group (n=152) was represented by children with metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO). The second group (n=100) consolidated of children with metabolically healthy obesity (MHO). Whole genome sequencing (CeGat, Germany) was performed in 52 children. Results. An association with the development of obesity was noted for T alleles rs61754624 (t=3.33) and rs10305457 (t=2.06); with MUO - for C alleles rs1042044 (t=2.23), rs1126476 (t=2.63), rs2235868 (t=2.82); T alleles rs61754624 (t=3.33), rs10305457 (t=2.06) GLP1R, p<0.05. In the MHO group, a correlation was found with the levels of pro-inflammatory markers IL-1β, IL-6 in the presence of the GA genotype SNV rs3765468; with hyperglycemia - GA genotype SNV rs6923761, CC genotype SNV rs1042044, AA rs6918287; hyperinsulinemia - GA genotype SNV rs3765468, GG rs10305421; triglyceridemia - AA rs6918287 of GLP1R. Conclusion. SNV rs1042044, rs3765468, rs6923761, s6918287, and rs rs10305421 GLP1R are associated with the development of MUO in individuals with MHO. © 2023 Publishing Office of the University of Rzeszow. All rights reserved.
Risk factors for gastric cancer: A comprehensive analysis of observational studies; Background: Multifarious factors have a causal relationship with gastric cancer (GC) development. We conducted a comprehensive analysis to evaluate the strength of the evidence examining non-genetic risk factors for gastric cancer. Methods: PubMed, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to November 10, 2021 to identify meta-analyses of observational studies examining the association between environmental factors and GC risk. For each meta-analysis, the random effect size, 95% confidence interval, heterogeneity among studies, and evidence of publication bias were assessed; moreover, the evidence was graded using predefined criteria, and the methodological quality was evaluated using AMSTAR 2. Results: A total of 137 associations were examined in 76 articles. Among these meta-analyses, 93 associations yielded significant estimates (p < 0.05). Only 10 associations had strong epidemiologic evidence, including 2 risk factors (waist circumference and bacon), and 8 protective factors (dietary total antioxidant capacity, vegetable fat, cruciferous vegetable, cabbage, total vitamin, vitamin A, vitamin C, and years of fertility); 26 associations had moderate quality of evidence; and the remaining 57 associations were rated as weak. Ninety-four (68.61%) associations showed significant heterogeneity. Twenty-five (18.25%) associations demonstrated publication bias. Conclusions: In this comprehensive analysis, multiple associations were found between environmental factors and GC with varying levels of evidence. Healthy dietary habits and lifestyle patterns could reduce the risk for GC. However, further high-quality prospective studies are still necessary to draw more definitive conclusions. Copyright © 2023 Hui, Tu, Liu, Zhang and Gong.
Consequences of the exposome to gestational diabetes mellitus; The exposome is the cumulative measure of environmental influences and associated biological responses throughout the lifespan, including those from the environment, diet, behaviour, and endogenous processes. The exposome concept and the 2030 Agenda for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) from the United Nations are the basis for understanding the aetiology and consequences of non-communicable diseases, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Pregnancy may be developed in an environment with adverse factors part of the immediate internal medium for fetus development and the external medium to which the pregnant woman is exposed. The placenta is the interface between maternal and fetal compartments and acts as a protective barrier or easing agent to transfer exposome from mother to fetus. Under and over-nutrition in utero, exposure to adverse environmental pollutants such as heavy metals, endocrine-disrupting chemicals, pesticides, drugs, pharmaceuticals, lifestyle, air pollutants, and tobacco smoke plays a determinant role in the development of GDM. This phenomenon is worsened by metabolic stress postnatally, such as obesity which increases the risk of GDM and other diseases. Clinical risk factors for GDM development include its aetiology. It is proposed that knowledge-based interventions to change the potential interdependent ecto-exposome and endo-exposome could avoid the occurrence and consequences of GDM. © 2022
Microtubules as a potential platform for energy transfer in biological systems: a target for implementing individualized, dynamic variability patterns to improve organ function; Variability characterizes the complexity of biological systems and is essential for their function. Microtubules (MTs) play a role in structural integrity, cell motility, material transport, and force generation during mitosis, and dynamic instability exemplifies the variability in the proper function of MTs. MTs are a platform for energy transfer in cells. The dynamic instability of MTs manifests itself by the coexistence of growth and shortening, or polymerization and depolymerization. It results from a balance between attractive and repulsive forces between tubulin dimers. The paper reviews the current data on MTs and their potential roles as energy-transfer cellular structures and presents how variability can improve the function of biological systems in an individualized manner. The paper presents the option for targeting MTs to trigger dynamic improvement in cell plasticity, regulate energy transfer, and possibly control quantum effects in biological systems. The described system quantifies MT-dependent variability patterns combined with additional personalized signatures to improve organ function in a subject-tailored manner. The platform can regulate the use of MT-targeting drugs to improve the response to chronic therapies. Ongoing trials test the effects of this platform on various disorders. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Associations of ozone exposure with gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose homeostasis: Evidence from a birth cohort in Shanghai, China; Background: Associations between individual exposure to ozone (O3) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have rarely been investigated, and critical windows of O3 exposure for GDM have not been identified. Objectives: We aimed to explore the associations of gestational O3 exposure with GDM and glucose homeostasis as well as to identify the potential critical windows. Methods: A total of 7834 pregnant women were included. Individual O3 exposure concentrations were evaluated using a high temporal-spatial resolution model. Each participant underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to screen for GDM between 24 and 28 gestational weeks. Multiple logistic and multiple linear regression models were used to estimate the associations of O3 with GDM risks and with blood glucose levels of OGTT, respectively. Distributed lag nonlinear models (DLNMs) were used to estimate the critical windows of O3 exposure for GDM. Results: Nearly 13.29 % of participants developed GDM. After controlling for covariates, we observed increased GDM risks per IQR increment of O3 exposure in the first trimester (OR = 1.738, 95 % CI: 1.002–3.016) and the first two trimesters (OR = 1.576, 95 % CI: 1.005–2.473). Gestational O3 exposure was positively associated with increased fasting blood glucose (the first trimester: β = 2.964, 95 % CI: 1.529–4.398; the first two trimesters: β = 1.620, 95 % CI: 0.436–2.804) and 2 h blood glucose (the first trimester: β = 6.569, 95 % CI: 1.775–11.363; the first two trimesters: β = 6.839, 95 % CI: 2.896–10.782). We also observed a concentration–response relationship of gestational O3 exposure with GDM risk, as well as fasting and 2 h blood glucose levels. Additionally, 5–10 gestational weeks was identified as a critical window of O3 exposure for GDM development. Conclusion: In summary, we found that gestational O3 exposure disrupts glucose homeostasis and increases the risk of GDM in pregnant women. Furthermore, 5–10 gestational weeks could be a critical window for the effects of O3 exposure on GDM. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The oral microbial odyssey influencing chronic metabolic disease; Introduction: Since the oral cavity is the gateway to the gut, oral microbes likely hold the potential to influence metabolic disease by affecting the gut microbiota. Method: A thorough review of literature has been performed to link the alterations in oral microbiota with chronic metabolic disease by influencing the gut microbiota. Result: A strong correlation exists between abnormalities in oral microbiota and several systemic disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and obesity, which likely initially manifest as oral diseases. Ensuring adequate oral hygiene practices and cultivating diverse oral microflora are crucial for the preservation of general well-being. Oral bacteria have the ability to establish and endure in the gastrointestinal tract, leading to the development of prolonged inflammation and activation of the immune system. Oral microbe-associated prophylactic strategies could be beneficial in mitigating metabolic diseases. Conclusion: Oral microbiota can have a profound impact on the gut microbiota and influence the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Advancing targeted protein degradation for metabolic diseases therapy; The development and application of traditional drugs represented by small molecule chemical drugs and biological agents, especially inhibitors, have become the mainstream drug development. In recent years, targeted protein degradation (TPD) technology has become one of the most promising methods to remove specific disease-related proteins using cell self-destruction mechanisms. Many different TPD strategies are emerging based on the ubiquitin-proteasome system (UPS) and the autophagy-lysosomal pathway (ALP), including but not limited to proteolysis-targeting chimeras (PROTAC), molecular glues (MG), lysosome targeting chimeras (LYTAC), chaperone-mediated autophagy (CMA)-targeting chimeras, autophagy-targeting chimera (AUTAC), autophagosome-tethering compound (ATTEC), and autophagy-targeting chimera (AUTOTAC). The advent of targeted degradation technology can change most protein targets in human cells from undruggable to druggable, greatly expanding the therapeutic prospect of refractory diseases such as metabolic syndrome. Here, we summarize the latest progress of major TPD technologies, especially in metabolic syndrome and look forward to providing new insights for drug discovery. © 2023
Sex hormone-binding globulin improves lipid metabolism and reduces inflammation in subcutaneous adipose tissue of metabolic syndrome-affected horses; Equine metabolic syndrome (EMS) is a steadily growing endocrine disorder representing a real challenge in veterinary practice. As a multifactorial condition, EMS is characterized by three main metabolic abnormalities including insulin resistance, increased adiposity or obesity and hoof laminitis. Adipose tissue dysfunction is recognized as a core pathophysiological determinant of EMS, as it strongly participates to lipotoxicity and systemic metaflammation, both of which have been closely linked to the development of generalized insulin resistance. Besides, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) is an important sex steroids transporters that has been recently proposed as an important metabolic mediator. Therefore, the aim of this study was to verify whether SHBG treatment may ameliorate subcutaneous adipose tissue metabolic failure under EMS condition in terms of lipidome homeostasis, lipid metabolism programs, insulin signalling and local inflammation. Subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) biopsies were collected post-mortem from healthy (n = 3) and EMS (n = 3) slaughtered horses. SHBG protein has been applied to SAT samples from EMS horses for 24 h at a final concentration of 50 nM, while control groups (healthy and untreated EMS) were cultured in the presence of SHBG-vehicle only. Tissues from all groups were afterwards secured for downstream analysis of gene expression using RT-qPCR, protein levels by Western blot and ELISA assay and lipidomics through GC-MS technique. Obtained results showcased that SHBG intervention efficiently normalized the altered fatty acids (FAs) profiles by lowering the accumulation of saturated and trans FAs, as well as the pro-inflammatory arachidonic and linoleic acids. Moreover, SHBG showed promising value for the regulation of adipocyte lipolysis and engorgement by lowering the levels of perilipin-1. SHBG exerted moderated effect toward SCD1 and FASN enzymes expression, but increased the LPL abundance. Interestingly, SHBG exhibited a negative regulatory effect on pro-adipogenic stimulators and induced higher expression of KLF3, IRF3 and β-catenin, known as strong adipogenesis repressors. Finally, SHBG protein showed remarkable ability in restoring the insulin signal transduction, IR/IRS/Pi3K/AKT phosphorylation events and GLUT4 transporter abundance, and further attenuate pro-inflammatory response by lowering IL-6 tissue levels and targeting the PDIA3/ERK axis. Overall, the obtained data clearly demonstrate the benefice of SHBG treatment in the regulation of adipose tissue metabolism in the course of EMS and provide new insights for the development of molecular therapies with potential translational application to human metabolic disorders. Copyright © 2023 Bourebaba, Kępska, Qasem, Zyzak, Łyczko, Klemens, Mularczyk and Marycz.
Conjugated linoleic acid alleviates glycolipid metabolic disorders by modulating intestinal microbiota and short-chain fatty acids in obese rats; Although conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been shown to have anti-obesity properties, the effect and mechanism of CLA in alleviating glycolipid metabolism disorders remains unclear. In this work, it was observed that rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD) had lower body weight and body fat levels after 9 weeks of low-dose and high-dose CLA interventions. The results of blood biochemical indices showed that CLA significantly reduced the levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose and insulin. Additionally, high-dose CLA could restore the intestinal microbiota composition, including increasing the relative abundances of short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing microbiota, such as Dubosiella, Faecalibaculum and Bifidobacterium; decreasing the relative abundances of Enterococcus and Ruminococcus_2; and increasing the content of SCFAs in feces and serum. Further analysis showed that high-dose CLA could increase the expression levels of Insr, Irs-2, Akt and Glut4 in the liver tissue of HFD-induced obese rats. Consistently, high dose of CLA could reversibly improve the downregulation of INSR, AKT, PI3K and GLUT4 protein expression caused by HFD and reverse the decline in AKT phosphorylation levels. Correlation clustering analysis with a heatmap showed that the changes in specific microbiota induced by high-dose CLA were correlated with changes in obesity-related indices and gene expression. The molecular docking analysis showed that the molecular docking of SCFAs with the IRS-2, AKT and GLUT4 proteins had high linking activity. The results supported that CLA can alleviate glycolipid metabolic imbalances associated with obesity by altering the intestinal microbiota to induce the production of SCFAs and thereby activate the INSR/IRS-2/AKT/GLUT4 pathway. This study supports CLA may be preferentially used by the intestinal microbiota of the host to promote its health. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Dilemma of Epigenetic Changes Causing or Reducing Metabolic Disorders in Offsprings of Obese Mothers; Maternal obesity is associated with fetal complications predisposing later to the development of metabolic syndrome during childhood and adult stages. High-fat diet seems to influence individuals and their subsequent generations in mediating weight gain, insulin resistance, obesity, high cholesterol, diabetes, and cardiovascular disorder. Research evidence strongly suggests that epigenetic alteration is the major contributor to the development of metabolic syndrome through DNA methylation, histone modifications, and microRNA expression. In this review, we have discussed the outcome of recent studies on the adverse and beneficial effects of nutrients and vitamins through epigenetics during pregnancy. We have further discussed about the miRNAs altered during maternal obesity. Identification of new epigenetic modifiers such as mesenchymal stem cells condition media (MSCs-CM)/exosomes for accelerating the reversal of epigenetic abnormalities for the development of new treatments is yet another aspect of the present review.  © 2023. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Acute Abdomen During Pregnancy, Third Edition; This is the third edition of a well-received book that reflects the state of the art in the diagnosis and treatment of acute abdominal disorders in pregnant patients, ranging from very rare to more common ones, such as acute appendicitis and acute cholecystitis. The book emphasizes the importance of rapid diagnosis to avoid serious consequences for both the mother and the fetus. The new edition updates recommendations, guidelines, and scenarios to provide support for all clinicians who may encounter such cases. The book includes new chapters, one of which is about non-operative management of acute appendicitis in pregnancy, an important topic that has not been addressed in previous books. The 2nd edition chapter on urologic emergencies has been divided into three, and the book now has 29 chapters in total, which have been significantly updated and reorganized. It provides guidance on different imaging modalities of rare pathologies that can occur during pregnancy, helping clinicians and radiologists to define underlying cases better. The book also includes significantly more colored and black & white images and tables. This new edition is an essential resource for clinicians who care for pregnant patients with acute abdominal disorders. The volume is equally valuable for general and abdominal surgeons, gynecologists and obstetricians, and emergency physicians who may be the first specialists to have clinical contact with pregnant patients. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2014, 2018, 2023.
Severe maternal stress alters placental function, resulting in adipose tissue and liver dysfunction in offspring of mice; The developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis is that future lifestyle diseases in offspring are associated with intrauterine origins in the mother; stress during pregnancy is a risk factor for these diseases in offspring. This study aimed to clarify association of maternal stress with placental dysfunction and offspring development in mice. We applied water stress for 24 h during late pregnancy to explore the metabolic response of offspring to a normal diet (ND) and high-fat diet (HFD). Placental functions were altered by maternal stress, reducing the birth weight of the offspring. In the later life of offspring fed with ND, maternal stress impaired systemic glucose tolerance and altered adipokine secretion in adipose tissue and/or liver. The female offspring of stress-induced dams were light in body weight with lower adipose tissue and smaller adipocytes in both the ND and HFD groups. Abnormal situations, such as dysregulation of plasma glucose levels and fatty liver despite and lower increases in body weight, were observed in the female offspring of stress-induced dams, especially in the HFD-treated group. These findings suggest that long-lasting abnormal conditions and responses to metabolic challenges in maternal stress-induced offspring are linked to placental dysregulation and fetal programming. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes and the impact of altered metabolic interorgan crosstalk; Diabetes is a complex and multifactorial disease that affects millions of people worldwide, reducing the quality of life significantly, and results in grave consequences for our health care system. In type 2 diabetes (T2D), the lack of β-cell compensatory mechanisms overcoming peripherally developed insulin resistance is a paramount factor leading to disturbed blood glucose levels and lipid metabolism. Impaired β-cell functions and insulin resistance have been studied extensively resulting in a good understanding of these pathways but much less is known about interorgan crosstalk, which we define as signaling between tissues by secreted factors. Besides hormones and organokines, dysregulated blood glucose and long-lasting hyperglycemia in T2D is associated with changes in metabolism with metabolites from different tissues contributing to the development of this disease. Recent data suggest that metabolites, such as lipids including free fatty acids and amino acids, play important roles in the interorgan crosstalk during the development of T2D. In general, metabolic remodeling affects physiological homeostasis and impacts the development of T2D. Hence, we highlight the importance of metabolic interorgan crosstalk in this review to gain enhanced knowledge of the pathophysiology of T2D, which may lead to new therapeutic approaches to treat this disease. © 2021 The Authors. The FEBS Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
p-Synephrine ameliorates alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus through inhibiting oxidative stress and inflammation via suppressing the NF-kappa B and MAPK pathways; Oxidative stress and inflammation play important roles in the development of diabetes mellitus. p-Synephrine, the primary pharmacologically active protoalkaloid in Citrus species, has been popularly consumed as a dietary supplement for weight loss management. However, the effects of p-synephrine on diabetes mellitus and the action mechanisms have not been clearly elucidated. In this study, the in vitro antioxidant effects of p-synephrine were evaluated. The data showed that p-synephrine treatment exhibited significant scavenging effects against DPPH, ABTS and OH radicals and showed high reducing power. Diabetic mice were developed by alloxan injection, followed by p-synephrine administration to investigate its hypoglycemic effects in vivo. The results showed that p-synephrine intervention significantly prevented alloxan-induced alteration in body weight, organ indexes, serum uric acid content and serum creatinine content. Meanwhile, p-synephrine application significantly improved the lipid profiles, superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT) activities and glutathione (GSH) contents in the serum and kidneys of diabetic mice and reduced the malondialdehyde (MDA) content in the serum of diabetic mice. Further assays suggested that p-synephrine treatment improved alloxan-induced decreases of glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. Also, p-synephrine supplementation altered histopathological changes in the kidneys and interscapular brown adipose tissues in diabetic mice. In addition, p-synephrine administration inhibited renal inflammation through suppressing tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-1β (IL-1β) gene expression levels, as well as CD45 expression levels. The anti-inflammatory effects were probably involved in the regulation of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) activation and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation. In conclusion, p-synephrine application significantly ameliorated alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress via suppressing the NF-κB and MAPK pathways. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Maternal plasma diacylglycerols and triacylglycerols in the prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To define the lipidomic profile in plasma across pregnancy, and identify lipid biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prediction in early pregnancy. Design: Case–control study. Setting: Tertiary referral maternity unit. Population or Sample: Plasma samples from 100 GDM and 100 normal glucose tolerance (NGT) women, divided into a training set (GDM first trimester = 50, GDM second trimester = 40, NGT first trimester = 50, NGT second trimester = 50) and a validation set (GDM first trimester = 45, GDM second trimester = 34, NGT first trimester = 44, NGT second trimester = 40). Methods: Plasma samples were collected in the first (11+0 to 13+6 weeks), second (19+0 to 24+6 weeks), and third trimesters (30+0 to 34+6 weeks), and tested by ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionisation-quadrupole-time of flight-mass spectrometry; The GDM prediction model was established by the machine-learning method of random forest. Main outcome measures: Gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: In both the GDM and NGT group, lyso-glycerophospholipids were down-regulated, whereas ceramides, sphingomyelins, cholesteryl ester, diacylglycerols (DGs) and triacylglycerols (TGs) and glucosylceramide were up-regulated across the three trimesters of pregnancy. In the training dataset, seven TGs and five DGs demonstrated good performance in the prediction of GDM in the first and second trimesters (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.96 with 95% confidence interval [CI] of 0.93–1 and AUC = 0.97 with 95% CI of 0.95–1, respectively), independent of maternal body mass index (BMI) and ethnicity. In the validation dataset, the predictive model achieved an AUC of 0.88 and 0.94 at the first and second trimesters, respectively. Conclusions: Our results have proposed new lipid biomarkers for the first trimester prediction of GDM, independent of ethnicity and BMI. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Lifestyle Intervention in NAFLD: Long-Term Diabetes Incidence in Subjects Treated by Web- and Group-Based Programs; Background: Behavioral programs are needed for prevention and treatment of NAFLD and the effectiveness of a web-based intervention (WBI) is similar to a standard group-based intervention (GBI) on liver disease biomarkers. Objective: We aimed to test the long-term effectiveness of both programs on diabetes incidence, a common outcome in NAFLD progression. Methods: 546 NAFLD individuals (212 WBI, 334 GBI) were followed up to 60 months with regular 6- to 12-month hospital visits. The two cohorts differed in several socio-demographic and clinical data. In the course of the years, the average BMI similarly decreased in both cohorts, by 5% or more in 24.4% and by 10% or more in 16.5% of cases available at follow-up. After excluding 183 cases with diabetes at entry, diabetes was newly diagnosed in 48 cases during follow-up (31 (16.6% of cases without diabetes at entry) in the GBI cohort vs. 17 (9.7%) in WBI; p = 0.073). Time to diabetes was similar in the two cohorts (mean, 31 ± 18 months since enrollment). At multivariable regression analysis, incident diabetes was significantly associated with prediabetes (odds ratio (OR) 4.40; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.97–9.81; p < 0.001), percent weight change (OR 0.57; 95% CI 0.41–0.79; p < 0.001) and higher education (OR 0.49; 95% CI 0.27–0.86; p = 0.014), with no effect of other baseline socio-demographic, behavioral and clinical data, and of the type of intervention. The importance of weight change on incident diabetes were confirmed in a sensitivity analysis limited to individuals who completed the follow-up. Conclusion: In individuals with NAFLD, WBI is as effective as GBI on the pending long-term risk of diabetes, via similar results on weight change. © 2023 by the authors.
Naringenin Ameliorates Hyperuricemia by Regulating Renal Uric Acid Excretion via the PI3K/AKT Signaling Pathway and Renal Inflammation through the NF-κB Signaling Pathway; Hyperuricemia characterized by high serum levels of uric acid (UA, >6.8 mg/dL) is regarded as a common chronic metabolic disease. When used as a food supplement, naringenin might have various pharmacological activities, including antioxidant, free-radical-scavenging, and inflammation-suppressing activities. However, the effects of naringenin on hyperuricemia and renal inflammation and the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. Here, we comprehensively examined the effects of naringenin on hyperuricemia and the attenuation of renal impairment. Mice were injected with 250 mg/kg of potassium oxonate (PO) and given 5% fructose water to induce hyperuricemia. The pharmacological effects of naringenin (10 and 50 mg/kg) and benzbromarone (positive control group, 20 mg/kg) on hyperuricemic mice were evaluated in vivo. The disordered expression of urate transporters in HK-2 cells was stimulated by 8 mg/dL UA, which was used to determine the mechanisms underlying the effects of naringenin in vitro. Naringenin markedly reduced the serum UA level in a dose-dependent manner and improved renal dysfunction. Moreover, the increased elimination of UA in urine showed that the effects of naringenin were associated with the regulation of renal excretion. Further examination indicated that naringenin reduced the expression of GLUT9 by inhibiting the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and reinforced the expression of ABCG2 by increasing the abundance of PDZK1 in vivo and in vitro. Furthermore, sirius red staining and western blotting indicated that naringenin plays a protective role in renal injury by suppressing increases in the levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including IL-6 and TNF-α, which contribute to the inhibition of the TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway in vivo and in vitro. Naringenin supplementation might be a potential therapeutic strategy to ameliorate hyperuricemia by promoting UA excretion in the kidney and attenuating the inflammatory response by decreasing the release of inflammatory cytokines. This study shows that naringenin could be used as a functional food or dietary supplement for hyperuricemia prevention and treatment. © 2022 American Chemical Society.
Obesity-mediated insulin resistance in target tissues: role of adiponectin, fetuin-A, and irisin; Insulin resistance is a pathophysiologic hallmark of metabolic syndrome. This chapter highlights the role of adipokines, hepatokines, and myokines in insulin resistance. It begins with insulin resistance in target tissues, primarily adipose tissue, liver, and skeletal muscle. Since the list of secretions from these target tissues is extensive and ever-expanding, this chapter focuses on the emerging functions of three key players namely, adiponectin (an adipokine), fetuin-A (a hepato-adipokine), and irisin (an adipo-myokine), analyzing the significant role essayed by the trio in inter-organ communication deemed crucial in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. After describing structure and biosynthesis, this chapter elaborates the signaling mechanisms of each of these in target tissues and provides detailed overview of their individual effects. It includes a discussion on inter-organ cross-talk mediated by these proteins and presents schematic representation for easy comprehension. This chapter ends with a note on their consideration as potential biomarkers of insulin resistance. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased plasma genistein after bariatric surgery could promote remission of NAFLD in patients with obesity; Background: Bariatric surgery is associated with a positive effect on the progress of non-alcoholic associated fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Although weight loss is the obvious mechanism, there are also weight-independent mechanisms. Methods: We collected blood samples from 5 patients with obesity before and 3 months after surgery and performed an LC-MS-based untargeted metabolomics test to detect potential systemic changes. We also constructed sleeve gastrectomy (SG) mice models. The plasma, liver and intestine samples were collected and analyzed by qPCR, ELISA and HPLC. Cohousing experiments and feces transplantation experiments were performed on mice to study the effect of gut microbiota. Genistein administration experiments were used to study the in vivo function of the metabolites. Results: Plasma genistein (GE) was identified to be elevated after surgery. Both clinical data and rodent models suggested that plasma GE is negatively related to the degree of NAFLD. We fed diet-induced obese (DIO) mice with GE, and we found that there was significant remission of NAFLD. Both in vivo and in vitro experiments showed that GE could restrict the inflammation state in the liver and thus relieve NAFLD. Finally, we used co-housing experiments to alter the gut microbiota in mice, and it was identified that sleeve gastrectomy (SG) mice had a special gut microbiota phenotype, which could result in higher plasma GE levels. By feces transplantation experiment (FMT), we found that only feces from the SG mice (and not from other lean mice) could induce higher plasma GE levels. Conclusion: Our studies showed that SG but not calorie restriction could induce higher plasma GE levels by altering the gut microbiota. This change could promote NAFLD remission. Our study provides new insights into the systemic effects of bariatric surgery. Bariatric surgery could affect remote organs via altered metabolites from the gut microbiota. Our study also identified that additional supplement of GE after surgery could be a therapy for NAFLD. Copyright © 2023 Wang, Wang, Bai, Li, Liu, Deng, Zhou, Tao and Xia.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases. Copyright © 2024 Kweon, Mun, Choi, Kim and Ahn.
Neuroplasticity to autophagy cross-talk in a therapeutic effect of physical exercises and irisin in ADHD; Adaptive neuroplasticity is a pivotal mechanism for healthy brain development and maintenance, as well as its restoration in disease- and age-associated decline. Management of mental disorders such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) needs interventions stimulating adaptive neuroplasticity, beyond conventional psychopharmacological treatments. Physical exercises are proposed for the management of ADHD, and also depression and aging because of evoked brain neuroplasticity. Recent progress in understanding the mechanisms of muscle-brain cross-talk pinpoints the role of the myokine irisin in the mediation of pro-cognitive and antidepressant activity of physical exercises. In this review, we discuss how irisin, which is released in the periphery as well as derived from brain cells, may interact with the mechanisms of cellular autophagy to provide protein recycling and regulation of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) signaling via glia-mediated control of BDNF maturation, and, therefore, support neuroplasticity. We propose that the neuroplasticity associated with physical exercises is mediated in part by irisin-triggered autophagy. Since the recent findings give objectives to consider autophagy-stimulating intervention as a prerequisite for successful therapy of psychiatric disorders, irisin appears as a prototypic molecule that can activate autophagy with therapeutic goals. Copyright © 2023 Abdulghani, Poghosyan, Mehren, Philipsen and Anderzhanova.
Age at Menarche Mediating Visceral Adipose Tissue's Influence on Pre-eclampsia: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Context: The association between visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and pre-eclampsia (PE) shows inconsistent results and the underlying mediator remains unknown. Objective: We aimed to explore the causal effect of VAT on PE risks and the mediation role of age at menarche (AAM) in explaining this relationship. Methods: Summary data for PE were obtained from the FinnGen genome-wide association study (3556 cases and 114 735 controls). For exposure data, 70 genetic variants associated with the predicted VAT in 161 149 European women from UK Biobank were used as instrumental variables. Inverse variance weighted and multiple sensitivity analyses were applied. We also conducted multivariable Mendelian randomization (MR) analyses to test the association between VAT-associated single-nucleotide variations and PE. Next, mediation analyses were performed to study whether the association between VAT and PE was mediated via AAM. Results: In univariable MR analysis, higher volume of VAT was associated with the advancement of AAM and increased PE risk (beta = -0.33; 95% CI, -0.49 to -0.16 for AAM; odds ratio 1.65, 95% CI, 1.23 to 2.20 for PE). After adjusting for waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, and hip circumference, the multivariable MR results presented the consistent positive causality of VAT on PE. Two-step MR analysis proved an estimated 14.3% of the positive effect of VAT on PE was mediated by AAM. Conclusion: Our findings provided evidence of the causal relationship between VAT and PE and proved VAT could accelerate AAM and then contribute to the risk of incident PE. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
A low-intensity lifelong exercise routine changes miRNA expression in aging and prevents osteosarcopenic obesity by modulating inflammation; Osteosarcopenic obesity (OSO) has been associated with increase immobility, falls, fractures, and other dysfunctions, which could increase mortality risk during aging. However, its etiology remains unknown. Recent studies revealed that sedentarism, fat gain, and epigenetic regulators are critical in its development. One effective intervention to prevent and treat OSO is exercise. Therefore, in the present study, by keeping rats in conditions of sedentarism and others under a low-intensity exercise routine, we established an experimental model of OSO. We determined the degree of sarcopenia, obesity, and osteopenia at different ages and analyzed the miRNA expression during the lifespan using miRNA microarrays from gastrocnemius muscle. Interestingly microarrays results showed that there is a set of miRNAs that changed their expression with exercise. The pathway enrichment analysis showed that these miRNAs are strongly associated with immune regulation. Further inflammatory profiles with IL-6/IL-10 and TNF-α/IL-10 ratios showed that exercised rats presented a lower pro-inflammatory profile than sedentary rats. Also, the body fat gain in the sedentary group increased the inflammatory profile, ultimately leading to muscle dysfunction. Exercise prevented strength loss over time and maintained skeletal muscle functionality over time. Differential expression of miRNAs suggests that they might participate in this process by regulating the inflammatory response associated with aging, thus preventing the development of OSO. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Neuregulin 4 as a novel adipokine in energy metabolism; Adipose tissue has been shown to play a key role in energy metabolism and it has been shown to regulate metabolic homeostasis through the secretion of adipokines. Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4), a novel adipokine secreted mainly by brown adipose tissue (BAT), has recently been characterized as having an important effect on the regulation of energy homeostasis and glucolipid metabolism. Nrg4 can modulate BAT-related thermogenesis by increasing sympathetic innervation of adipose tissue and therefore has potential metabolic benefits. Nrg4 improves metabolic dysregulation in various metabolic diseases such as insulin resistance, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and diabetes through several mechanisms such as anti-inflammation, autophagy regulation, pro-angiogenesis, and lipid metabolism normalization. However, inconsistent findings are found regarding the effects of Nrg4 on metabolic diseases in clinical settings, and this heterogeneity needs to be further clarified by future studies. The potential metabolic protective effect of Nrg4 suggests that it may be a promising endocrine therapeutic target. Copyright © 2023 Liu and Chen.
Inter-relationship between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS), the endocrinopathy of adolescent girls and women of childbearing age, is highly prevalent across the globe with 3.7–22.5 of women affected. The varied prevalence is owing to the differences of populations studied and the diagnostic criteria used. Hyperandrogenism (HA) and insulin resistance (IR) being the most common etiopathogenic phenomena, of the condition, several other risk factors such as oxidative stress, defect in leptin-adiponectin (adipocyte biology) pathway, autoimmunity, etc., too play a role in its pathogenesis. Most of the studies have found a consistent relationship between PCOS and other associated metabolic comorbidities such as obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), and long-term cardiovascular risks are more commonly implicated. A lot of overlap has been found between PCOS and metabolic syndrome (MS). Like PCOS, MS includes a constellation of metabolic disorders including AGT, dyslipidemia, and hypertension with IR as the central driver and hence the most common pathogenic link between the two. MS is very common among women with PCOS affecting approximately 43%–47% which is approximately twice greater than that of normal women. Accordingly, lifestyle modification has been proved to be most beneficial with or without pharmacological interventions such as therapy with an insulin sensitizing agents like metformin or thiazolidinediones(TZDs) among others. This article aims to summarize the existing data about the prevalence, presentation, and risk factors, metabolic links and treatment of MS in women with PCOS. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Therapeutic Potential of Microbial Metabolites: New Insights and Perspectives; Microbes release important metabolites that regulate various physiological activities inside and outside of organisms. The human gastrointestinal tract is a reservoir of microbes that play important regulatory roles in modulating the immune system and numerous other physiological functions. Thus, there is substantial interest in these microbial products and their clinical significance. These microbial metabolites have shown promise as therapies for cancer, inflammation, neurological disorders, and many other diseases. Here, we discuss microbial metabolites with substantial therapeutic potential, including proteasome inhibitors, therapeutic enzymes, bacteriocins, polyamines, and flavonoids. Copyright © Biomedpress. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.
Microbiome and Human Health: From Dysbiosis to Therapeutic Interventions; Human body is a complex system housing multiple biomes such as virome, micro-biome, and eukaryome which governs human health. Unicellular archaea, bacteria, virus, and multicellular eukaryotes together regulate the physiological functions along with the internal homeostatic mechanisms. With the next-generation sequencing technology, the composition of the “internal biome” and its role in health and disease has become much clearer. Joshua Lederberg coined the term “micro-biome” in 2001, which defines the full complement of microbes (bacteria, viruses, fungi, and protozoa), their genes, and genomes in or on the human body. Human Micro-biome Project was launched in 2007 through 2016 by the National Institutes of Health to characterize the genomic makeup of all microbes inhabiting the human body and analyze its role in health and disease. Bacteria outnumber the human cells tenfold and make up about 1–3% of body mass. The composition of the microbiome changes during the lifetime, impacting human physiology in healthy and diseased state by modulating the metabolic and immune functions. The current chapter provides an introduction to the “human micro-biome” and also compares the bacterial diversity in healthy and diseased state. A comparison of micro-biome of Indian and Western population has also been added. Gut bacteria play a regulatory role in the metabolism and have a strong connection with brain, influencing behavior. Some bacterial species are found to be either abnormally abundant or reduced in certain diseases. Dysbiosis or imbalance in microbial flora has been recognized as a cause or consequence. Therefore there is a need to adopt certain therapeutic strategies for restoring the balance of micro-biome. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2023.
The Role of Maternal Vitamin D Deficiency in Offspring Obesity: A Narrative Review; Currently, vitamin D (VD) deficiency during pregnancy is widespread globally, causing unfavorable pregnancy outcomes for both mothers and infants for a longer time than expected, based on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. As VD plays a key role in maintaining normal glucose and lipid metabolism, maternal VD deficiency may lead to obesity and other obesity-related diseases among offspring later in life. This review mainly focuses on the effect of maternal VD deficiency on offspring lipid metabolism, reviewing previous clinical and animal studies to determine the effects of maternal VD deficit on offspring obesity and potential mechanisms involved in the progression of offspring obesity. Emerging clinical evidence shows that a low VD level may lead to abnormal growth (either growth restriction or largeness for gestational age) and lipid and glucose metabolism disorders in offspring. Here, we also outline the link between maternal VD deficiency and life-long offspring effects, including the disorder of adipogenesis, the secretion of adipocytokines (including leptin, resistin, and adiponectin), activated systemic inflammation, increased oxidative reactions in adipose tissue, insulin resistance, and abnormal intestinal gut microbiota. Thus, there is an urgent need to take active steps to address maternal VD deficiency to relieve the global burden of obesity. © 2023 by the authors.
The toxicity of nano polyethylene terephthalate to mice: Intestinal obstruction, growth retardant, gut microbiota dysbiosis and lipid metabolism disorders; Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) are widely used in our daily life while they may be broken to smaller fractions as nano-sized PET (nPET) in the environment. The toxicity of nPET is still less studied. This work first evaluated the LD50 of different size of nPET (200 nm, S-nPET; 700 nm, B-nPET) in mice, then studied the health effects of single exposure to S/B-nPET at 200 mg/kg bw for 30 days. It was found that the LD50 was 266 mg/kg bw for S-nPET and 523 mg/kg bw for B-nPET, respectively, showing a size-dependent effect. S-nPET caused weight loss, cyst, intestinal obstruction, organ damage and mortality (40%), and perturbed gut microbiome and metabolome especially lipid metabolism, such as upregulated cholesterol, glycocholic, propionic acid, niacinamide, ectoine and xanthine, and downregulated arachidonic acid, anserine, histamine, while B-nPET did not. Serological analysis found S-nPET brought more lipid metabolic immune and neurological damage than B-nPET, confirming the size-dependent effect. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on the systematic toxicity of nPET to mice. Further studies are warranted for life-long effects of nPET. The protocol applied in this work may also be used for the study of the health effects of other plastics. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Association of body mass index trajectory and hypertension risk: A systematic review of cohort studies and network meta-analysis of 89,094 participants; Introduction: Body mass index (BMI) trajectories, such as non-linear time trends and nonlinear changes in BMI with age, can provide information on the underlying temporal health patterns. The relationship between BMI trajectories and the risk of hypertension remains controversial. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched from their inception to January 31, 2022. We categorized BMI trajectories as “Stable high,” “table normal,” “Stable low,” “Fluctuated (sharp increase),” and “Fluctuated (elevated-decrease).” The main outcome was the relative risk for the prevalence of hypertension in the different BMI trajectories. Potential sources of heterogeneity were examined using meta-regression and subgroup analysis. A publication bias test and Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach were also used. Results: The 18 cohort studies included 89,094 participants. Compared with the “Stable normal” trajectory, “Stable high,” “Fluctuated (sharp increase),” and “Fluctuated (elevated-decrease)” trajectories were associated with an increased relative risk of hypertension: [RR (95% CI)]: 1.80 (1.29 2.50), p < 0.001; 1.53 (1.27 1.83), p < 0.001; 1.30 (1.24 1.37), p = 0.001, respectively. The “Stable low” trajectory was associated with a reduced risk of hypertension [0.83 (0.79 0.83), p < 0.001]. The “Stable high” trajectory (surface under the cumulative ranking curve = 88.1%) had the highest probability of developing hypertension in the population. The certainty of the evidence for direct comparisons of the incidence of hypertension between various BMI trajectories was generally very low. Conclusion: Our findings suggested that “Stable high,” “Fluctuated (sharp increase),” and “Fluctuated (elevated-decrease)” trajectories were associated with an increased relative risk of hypertension, with the “Stable high” trajectory most likely associated with hypertension. Systematic review registration: [https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=308575], identifier [CRD42022308575]. Copyright © 2023 Tan, Long, Ma, Yang, Liao, Peng, Lu, Shen, An, Qu and Fu.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Normal Prepregnant Weight; Context: Existing studies focusing on the effects of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) combined with normal prepregnant weight on pregnancy outcomes are limited. Objective: This study aimed to explore the relationship between maternal NAFLD and adverse pregnancy outcomes in different body mass index (BMI) groups. Methods: Using an antenatal care and delivery database, we retrospectively analyzed women who delivered in Minhang Hospital affiliated to Fudan University, Shanghai, China from January 1, 2013, to June 30, 2020. NAFLD was confirmed by ultrasound in early pregnancy. A logistic regression model with adjustment for confounders was used to examine potential associations between NAFLD and pregnancy outcomes. Results: A total of 14 708 pregnant women (mean prepregnant BMI 21.0 [SD, 2.8] kg/m2) were included in our final study, of whom 554 (3.8%) had NAFLD. After fully adjusting for potential confounders, NAFLD significantly increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted odds ratio 2.477; 95% CI, 1.885-3.254), gestational hypertension (3.054; 2.191-4.257), preeclampsia/eclampsia (3.994; 2.591-6.005), cesarean section (1.569; 1.315-1.872), preterm births (1.831; 1.229-2.727), and macrosomia (1.691; 1.300-2.198). It is notable that 83.9% (12 338) of women were of normal weight at the start of pregnancy (prepregnant 18.5 ≤ BMI < 24 kg/m2), and they still had higher odds of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusion: Women with NAFLD and a normal weight have a higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women with NAFLD, regardless of obesity status, should be offered a more qualified surveillance to optimize pregnancy outcomes.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Ultrasonographic Assessment of Tissue Stiffness: Recent Progress in Transient Elastography and Shear Wave Elastography in the Liver and Various Organs; Ultrasonography is a noninvasive and widely accessible modality in clinical practice. Recently, ultrasonography has been used to evaluate tissue stiffness; the two representative techniques are transient elastography (FibroScan®) and shear wave elastography. These modalities are now generally used for the assessment of liver fibrosis, the prediction of hepatocarcinogenesis, and determining prognosis. In addition, shear wave elastography is available, not only for the liver but also for various other organs, including the breast and brain. In the breast and brain, shear wave elastography distinguishes malignant lesions from benign ones. Moreover, shear wave elastography can be useful for differentiating between ischemic and hemorrhagic strokes. This review summarizes the recent progress in transient elastography and shear wave elastography of the liver and introduces the advantages of ultrasonographic assessment of tissue stiffness in various organs, including the breast, brain, kidney, heart, thyroid, pancreas, muscle, and bone. © 2023, Kurume University School of Medicine. All rights reserved.
Protective effect and mechanism of lactoferrin combined with hypoxia against high-fat diet induced obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice; Obesity is a global epidemic, it can induce glucose and lipid metabolism disorder and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This study explored a new way to control weight and improve fatty liver, namely, living in hypoxia environment and supplement with lactoferrin (Lf). Sixty male C57BL/6J mice were divided into six groups, namely, control, hypoxia, high-fat diet, hypoxia + high-fat diet, hypoxia + high-fat diet + low dose Lf intervention, and hypoxia + high-fat diet + high-dose Lf intervention. Mice in the hypoxia treatment groups were treated with approximately 11.5 % oxygen for 6 h every day for 8 weeks. Results showed that interventions combining Lf and hypoxia treatments showed better effect against obesity and NAFLD than hypoxia treatment alone. The interventions controlled weight gain in mice, improved glucolipid metabolism in mice. The combination intervention reduced cholesterol absorption by reducing the level of hydrophobic bile acids, and elevating the level of hydrophilic bile acids. Gut microbiota analysis revealed that the combination intervention considerably elevated short chain fatty acids (SCFAs)-producing bacteria level, and reduced the Desulfovibrionaceae_unclassified level. Thus, Lf combined with hypoxia intervention effectively prevents obesity and NAFLD by restoring gut microbiota composition and bile acid profile. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
An Overview of the Role of Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptors in Liver Diseases; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are a superfamily of nuclear transcription receptors, consisting of PPARα, PPARγ, and PPARβ/δ, which are highly expressed in the liver. They control and modulate the expression of a large number of genes involved in metabolism and energy homeostasis, oxidative stress, inflammation, and even apo-ptosis in the liver. Therefore, they have critical roles in the pathophysiology of hepatic diseases. This review provides a general insight into the role of PPARs in liver diseases and some of their agonists in the clinic. © 2023 The Author(s).
Serum per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and abnormal lipid metabolism: A nationally representative cross-sectional study; Background: The associations of legacy per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) with lipid metabolism are controversial, and there is little information about the impact of emerging PFAS (6:2 Cl-PFESA) on lipid metabolism in China. Objectives: We aimed to explore the associations of legacy and emerging PFAS with lipid profiles and dyslipidemia in Chinese adults. Methods: We included 10,855 Chinese participants aged 18 years and above in the China National Human Biomonitoring. The associations of 8 PFAS with 5 lipid profiles and 4 dyslipidemia were investigated using weighted multiple linear regression or weighted logistic regression, and the dose–response associations were investigated using restricted cubic spline model. Results: Among the 8 PFAS, the concentration of PFOS was the highest, with a geometric mean of 5.15 ng/mL, followed by PFOA and 6:2 Cl-PFESA, which were 4.26 and 1.63 ng/mL, respectively. Legacy (PFOA, PFOS, PFUnDA) or emerging (6:2 Cl-PFESA) PFAS were associated with lipid profiles (TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, non HDL-C) and dyslipidemia (high LDL-C, high TC, low HDL-C), and their effects on TC were most obvious. TC concentration increased by 0.595 mmol/L in the highest quartile (Q4) of PFOS when compared with the lowest quartile (Q1), (95 % CI:0.396, 0.794). Restricted cubic spline models showed that PFAS are nonlinearly associated with TC, non HDL-C, LDL-C and HDL-C, and that the lipid concentrations tend to be stable when PFOS and PFOA were > 20 ng/mL well as when the 6:2 Cl-PFESA level was > 10 ng/mL. The positive associations between PFAS mixtures and lipid profiles were also significant. Conclusions: Single and mixed exposure to PFAS were positively associated with lipid profiles, and China's unique legacy PFAS substitutes (6:2 Cl-PFESA) contributed less to lipid profiles than legacy PFAS. In the future, cohort studies will be needed to confirm our findings. © 2023 The Authors
Adipose cell-free DNA in diabetes; Cancer-associated necrosis is a well-known source of cell-free DNA (cfDNA). However, the origins of cfDNA are not strictly limited to cancer. Additionally, dietary exposure induces apoptosis-induced proliferation in adipocytes, leading to the release of cfDNA. The genetic information derived from cfDNA as a result of apoptosis-induced proliferation contains specific methylation patterns in adipose tissue that can be used as a marker to detect the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) in the future. cfDNA is superior to peripheral blood leukocytes (PBL) and whole blood samples for reflecting tissue pathology due to the frequent use of PBL and whole blood samples that do not match tissue pathology. The difficulty of demonstrating that cfDNA is derived from adipose tissue. We propose several promising techniques by analyzing cfDNA derived from adipose tissue to detect T2DM risk. First, adipose-specific genes such as ADIPOQ and Leptin were utilized. Second, MCTA-Seq, EpiSCORE, deconvolution, multiplexing, and automated machine learning (AutoML) were used to determine the proportion of total methylation in related genes. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Effect of tomato, tomato-derived products and lycopene on metabolic inflammation: from epidemiological data to molecular mechanisms; The goal of this narrative review is to summarize the current knowledge and limitations related to the anti-inflammatory effects of tomato, tomato-derived products and lycopene in the context of metabolic inflammation associated to cardiometabolic diseases. The potential of tomato and tomato derived products supplementation is supported by animal and in vitro studies. In addition, intervention studies provide arguments in favor of a limitation of metabolic inflammation. This is also the case of observational studies depicting inverse association between plasma lycopene levels and inflammation. Nevertheless, current data of intervention studies are mixed concerning the anti-inflammatory effect of tomato and tomato-derived products and are not in favor of an anti-inflammatory effect of pure lycopene in humans. From epidemiological to mechanistic studies, this review aims to identify limitations of the current knowledge and gaps that remain to be filled to improve our comprehension in contrasted anti-inflammatory effects of tomato, tomato-derived products and pure lycopene.  © The Author(s) 2023.
Probiotic Lactic Acid Bacteria: Taxonomy, Properties and Benefits; Probiotic microorganisms are defined as “living microorganisms, which upon ingestion in certain numbers, exert health benefits beyond inherent basic nutrition,” and most of them belong to lactic acid bacteria (LAB), for instance, Bifidobacterium sp., Lactobacillus sp., and Enterococcus sp. LAB are a varied category of Gram-positive, non-spore-forming, catalase-negative bacteria that can be found in various environments, including plants and animals. Researchers approve that probiotic must be able to survive transport over the harsh gastrointestinal (GI) tract to exert beneficial impacts on the colon, even though there is considerable information on useful immunological impacts also from dead cells. LAB are the most important probiotic microorganisms because they are autochthonous in the human gastrointestinal tract of healthy people. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023.
Nutritional, pharmacological, and environmental programming of NAFLD in early life; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main liver disease worldwide, and its prevalence in children and adolescents has been increasing in the past years. It has been demonstrated that parental exposure to different conditions, both preconceptionally and during pregnancy, can lead to fetal programming of several metabolic diseases, including NAFLD. In this article, we review some of the maternal and paternal conditions that may be involved in early-life programing of adult NAFLD. First, we describe the maternal nutritional factors that have been suggested to increase the risk of NAFLD in the offspring, such as an obesogenic diet, overweight/obesity, and altered lipogenesis. Second, we review the association of certain vitamin supplementation and the use of some drugs during pregnancy, for instance, glucocorticoids, with a higher risk of NAFLD. Furthermore, we discuss the evidence showing that maternal-fetal pathologies, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), insulin resistance (IR), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), as well as the exposure to environmental contaminants, and the impact of microbiome changes, are important factors in early-life programming of NAFLD. Finally, we review how paternal preconceptional conditions, such as exercise and diet (particularly obesogenic diets), may impact fetal growth and liver function. Altogether, the presented evidence supports the hypothesis that both in utero exposure and parental conditions may influence fetal outcomes, including the development of NAFLD in early life and adulthood. The study of these conditions is crucial to better understand the diverse mechanisms involved in NAFLD, as well as for defining new preventive strategies for this disease. Copyright © 2023 the American Physiological Society.
Phytosterol of lotus seed core powder alleviates hypercholesterolemia by regulating gut microbiota in high-cholesterol diet-induced C57BL/6J mice; The present study aimed to investigate the regulatory mechanisms of lotus seed core powder phytosterol extract (LSP-PE) on hypercholesterolemia and intestinal microbiota in high-cholesterol diet (HCD)-induced C57BL/6 J mice. Gavage with LSP-PE reduced levels of serum total cholesterol (TC), ratio of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), hepatic TC, hepatic triglyceride (TG), hepatic LDL-C, hepatic very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), fecal TC and fecal total bile acid (TBA), while augmented hepatic HDL-C content. In contrast with HCD group, high-dose LSP triggered significant diminutions of serum ALT, serum AST, hepatic ALT and hepatic AST levels in HCD-fed mice, which were 16.49, 28.94, 43.42, and 44.47%, respectively, thus remarkably ameliorating the pathological changes of liver and small intestine. In-depth genetic research found that LSP was effective in down-regulating the expression of cholesterol metabolism related genes including Niemannpick C1-like protein 1 (NPC1L1), acyl-coA cholesterol acyl-transferase 2 (ACAT2), microsomal triglyceride transporter (MTP) and ATP binding cassette subfamily G member 5 (ABCG5). Moreover, LSP-PE could restore the disorder of intestinal flora via augmenting the Actinobacteria abundance as well as decreasing the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio and abundances of Proteobacteria and Verrucomicrobia to regulate cholesterol metabolism-related genes. In summary, LSP-PE possessed excellent cholesterol-lowering activity by positively regulating the gut microbiota and the expression levels of genes related to cholesterol absorption and metabolism. Therefore, this work suggested LSP phytosterol as a potential supplement to alleviate the symptoms of hypercholesterolemia. © 2022
Iron as a therapeutic target in chronic liver disease; It was clearly realized more than 50 years ago that iron deposition in the liver may be a critical factor in the development and progression of liver disease. The recent clarification of ferroptosis as a specific form of regulated hepatocyte death different from apoptosis and the description of ferritinophagy as a specific variation of autophagy prompted detailed investigations on the association of iron and the liver. In this review, we will present a brief discussion of iron absorption and handling by the liver with emphasis on the role of liver macrophages and the significance of the iron regulators hepcidin, transferrin, and ferritin in iron homeostasis. The regulation of ferroptosis by endogenous and exogenous modulators will be examined. Furthermore, the involvement of iron and ferroptosis in various liver diseases including alcoholic and non-alcoholic liver disease, chronic hepatitis B and C, liver fibrosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) will be analyzed. Finally, experimental and clinical results following interventions to reduce iron deposition and the promising manipulation of ferroptosis will be presented. Most liver diseases will be benefited by ferroptosis inhibition using exogenous inhibitors with the notable exception of HCC, where induction of ferroptosis is the desired effect. Current evidence mostly stems from in vitro and in vivo experimental studies and the need for well-designed future clinical trials is warranted. ©The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Pediatric Overweight and Obesity: Comorbidities, Trajectories, Prevention and Treatments; This book focuses on the worldwide frequent and growing problem with its projective trajectory that encompasses pediatric overweight and obesity. Through the ten chapters it offers in the first four a comprehensive state of art of the bases of pediatric obesity in order to support the following ones with new and proved clinical issues, as recent complementary features on anthropometry and food intake and new safe treatments. This books discusses comorbidities, trajectories, prevention, extended periods and treatment. For effective prevention, clues are given to routinely screen all comorbidities that are already present in overweight or obese children but frequently overlooked. This volume will be of benefit to pediatricians, endocrinologists and all healthcare providers interested in the care of children and adolescents. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023.
The effect of gut microbiota dysbiosis on patients with preeclampsia; Purpose: To compare the difference of gut microbiota between preeclampsia (PE) and healthy normal pregnant women, providing new therapeutic strategy for preeclampsia. Methods: Forty-one PE patients and 45 age- and pre-pregnancy body mass index- matched healthy controls were enrolled from Nov 2021 to May 2022 in this retrospective case-control study. Fecal microbiota was detected by 16S rRNA gene sequencing, followed by bioinformatics analysis including microbial α diversity, microbial β diversity, and linear discriminant analysis effect size (LEfSe) analysis. Serum inflammatory factors were also detected and compared between the two groups. Results: There were significant differences in Bacteroidetes (2.68% in PE patients vs 11.04% in healthy controls, P < 0.001), Proteobacteria (4.04% in PE patients vs 1.22% in healthy controls, P = 0.041), and Fusobacteria (1.07% in PE patients vs 0.01% in healthy controls, P = 0.042) between the two groups at the phylum level. Microbial α diversity was lower in PE patients than that in healthy controls. In addition, there was significant difference in microbial β diversity between the two groups. LEfSe analysis showed that there are 24 different taxa between the two groups. The levels of proinflammatory factors including serum tumor necrosis factor-α and Interleukin-6 were statistically significant higher in PE patients than those in healthy controls (both P < 0.001), while there were no significant differences in the levels of serum anti-inflammatory factors including Interleukin-4 and Interleukin-10 between the two groups (P = 0.234 and P = 0.096, respectively). Conclusion: PE patients demonstrated gut microbiota disturbances and increasing serum proinflammatory factors, leading to a better understanding of the relationship between the gut microbiota dysbiosis and PE. Copyright © 2023 Zhao, Wang, Zhao, Cui, Hou and Zhang.
A Single Strain of Lactobacillus (CGMCC 21661) Exhibits Stable Glucose- and Lipid-Lowering Effects by Regulating Gut Microbiota; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is usually accompanied by obesity and nonalcoholic fatty-liver-related insulin resistance. The link between T2D and dysbiosis has been receiving increasing attention. Probiotics can improve insulin sensitivity by regulating imbalances in microbiota, but efficacy varies based on the probiotic used. This study screened the main strain in the feces of healthy adult mice and found it to be a new Lactobacillus (abbreviated as Lb., named as CGMCC No. 21661) after genetic testing. We designed the most common Bifidobacterium longum subsp. longum (CGMCC1.2186, abbreviated as B. longum. subsp.), fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT), and Lb. CGMCC No. 21661 protocols to explore the best way for modulating dysbiosis to improve T2D. After 6 weeks of gavage in T2D mice, it was found that all three protocols had a therapeutic alleviating effect. Among them, compared with the B. longum. subsp. and FMT, the Lb. CGMCC No. 21661 showed a 1- to 2-fold decrease in blood glucose (11.84 ± 1.29 mmol/L, p < 0.05), the lowest HOMA-IR (p < 0.05), a 1 fold increase in serum glucagon-like peptide-1 (5.84 ± 1.1 pmol/L, p < 0.05), and lowest blood lipids (total cholesterol, 2.21 ± 0.68 mmol/L, p < 0.01; triglycerides, 0.4 ± 0.15 mmol/L, p < 0.01; Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, 0.53 ± 0.16 mmol/L, p < 0.01). In addition, tissue staining in the Lb. CGMCC No. 21661 showed a 2- to 3-fold reduction in T2D-induced fatty liver (p < 0.0001), a 1- to 2-fold decrease in pancreatic apoptotic cells (p < 0.05), and a significant increase in colonic mucus layer thickness (p < 0.05) compared with the B. longum. subsp. and FMT. The glucose and lipid lowering effects of this Lb. CGMCC No. 21661 indicate that it may provide new ideas for the treatment of diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Lipidomics in gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose of reviewEpidemiological and mechanistic studies have reported relationships between blood lipids, mostly measured by traditional method in clinical settings, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Recent advances of high-throughput lipidomics techniques have made available more comprehensive lipid profiling in biological samples. This review aims to summarize evidence from prospective studies in assessing relations between blood lipids and GDM, and discuss potential underlying mechanisms.Recent findingsMass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy-based analytical platforms are extensively used in lipidomics research. Epidemiological studies have identified multiple novel lipidomic biomarkers that are associated with risk of GDM, such as certain types of fatty acids, glycerolipids, glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids, cholesterol, and lipoproteins. However, the findings are inconclusive mainly due to the heterogeneities in study populations, sample sizes, and analytical platforms. Mechanistic evidence indicates that abnormal lipid metabolism may be involved in the pathogenesis of GDM by impairing pancreatic β-cells and inducing insulin resistance through several etiologic pathways, such as inflammation and oxidative stress.SummaryLipidomics is a powerful tool to study pathogenesis and biomarkers for GDM. Lipidomic biomarkers and pathways could help to identify women at high risk for GDM and could be potential targets for early prevention and intervention of GDM.  © Copyright 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Novel insights into the regulatory role of N6-methyladenosine methylation modified autophagy in sepsis; Sepsis is defined as a life-threatening organ dysfunction caused by a dysregulated host response to infection. It is characterized by high morbidity and mortality and one of the major diseases that seriously hang over global human health. Autophagy is a crucial regulator in the complicated pathophysiological processes of sepsis. The activation of autophagy is known to be of great significance for protecting sepsis induced organ dysfunction. Recent research has demonstrated that N6-methyladenosine (m6A) methylation is a well-known post-transcriptional RNA modification that controls epigenetic and gene expression as well as a number of biological processes in sepsis. In addition, m6A affects the stability, export, splicing and translation of transcripts involved in the autophagic process. Although it has been suggested that m6A methylation regulates the biological metabolic processes of autophagy and is more frequently seen in the progression of sepsis pathogenesis, the underlying molecular mechanisms of m6A-modified autophagy in sepsis have not been thoroughly elucidated. The present article fills this gap by providing an epigenetic review of the processes of m6A-modified autophagy in sepsis and its potential role in the development of novel therapeutics. © 2023 Bi et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY 4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Metagenomic characterization of the maternal prenatal gastrointestinal microbiome by pregravid BMI; Objective: The incidence of women entering into pregnancy with BMI indicating overweight or obesity is rising with concurrent increases in adverse complications such as gestational diabetes. Although several studies have examined the compositional changes to the microbiome across BMI classifications, there has been no investigation regarding changes in microbial function during pregnancy. Methods: A total of 105 gastrointestinal microbiome biospecimens were used in this analysis. Biospecimens were sequenced by using the Illumina NovaSeq 6000 shotgun metagenomics platform. Results: Findings indicate an enrichment in microbiota from the phylum Firmicutes across all pregravid BMI groups with a decrease in α diversity in groups with BMI indicating obesity or overweight compared with a group with BMI indicating normal weight (p = 0.02). More specifically, women with BMI indicating obesity or overweight had enrichment in Bifidobacterium bifidum and B. adolescentis. Women with BMI > 25 kg/m2 had a higher abundance of microbiota that support biotin synthesis and regulate epithelial cells in the lower gastrointestinal tract. These epithelial cells are responsible for host adaptability to dietary lipid variation and caloric absorption. Conclusions: Our analysis suggests that there are differences in microbial composition and function between BMI groups. Future research should consider how these changes contribute to specific clinical outcomes during pregnancy. © 2022 The Authors. Obesity published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Obesity Society.
Management of metabolic-associated fatty liver disease: The diabetology perspective; The metabolic syndrome as a consequence of the obesity pandemic resulted in a substantial increase in the prevalence of metabolic-associated fatty live disease (MAFLD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Because of the similarity in pathobiology shared between T2DM and MAFLD, both disorders coexist in many patients and may potentiate the disease-related outcomes with rapid progression and increased complications of the individual diseases. In fact, awareness about this coexistence and the risk of complications are often overlooked by both hepatologists and diabetologists. Management of these individual disorders in a patient should be addressed wholistically using an appropriate multidisciplinary team approach involving both the specialists and, when necessary, liaising with dieticians and surgeons. This comprehensive review is to compile the current evidence from a diabetologist's perspective on MAFLD and T2DM and to suggest optimal management strategies. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Endocrine disruptors in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome; The prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome is increasing worldwide. Apart from the known risk factors for the development of the Metabolic Syndrome, focus is now shifting to the role of exposure to chemicals found in the environment or used in industries labeled as endocrine disruptors to account for this increase. These agents can interfere with any aspect of hormone action and lead to disruption in various metabolic processes. Effects of endocrine disruptors depend on various factors including age at exposure, window of exposure, source or the number of substances involved. Prenatal exposure may lead to defective programming of endocrine signaling pathways, while postnatal exposure can affect food intake, glucose and lipid homeostasis, pancreatic beta cells, or insulin sensitivity. Most studies of endocrine disruptors have focused on animal studies and epidemiological data in humans. However, large prospective studies are needed to establish a cause-and-effect relationship in susceptible populations. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Abnormal methylation of PRDM16 and PTPRN2 genes in chorionic villi in miscarriage; Relevance. Abnormal epigenetic regulation of genes responsible for the development of the embryo and placenta is associated with many pregnancy pathologies. Aim. The aim of this work was to analyze the prevalence of abnormal methylation of the PRDM16 and PTPRN2 genes in chorionic villi of spontaneous abortions with normal karyotype and with the most frequent aneuploidies (trisomy 16 and monosomy X). Materials and Methods. The methylation profile was evaluated using targeted bisulfite massive parallel sequencing in chorionic villi of induced abortions (n = 10), spontaneous abortions with normal karyotype (n = 39), trisomy 16 (n = 17) and monosomy X (n = 20) and peripheral blood lymphocytes of healthy volunteers (n = 6). Results and Discussion. In analyzed genes, differential methylation of individual CpG sites was found in chorionic villi of spontaneous abortions. Despite the absence of significant differences between the groups in the average level of methylation in analyzed gene regions, abnormal methylation of the PRDM16 and PTPRN2 genes were detected for 33 % and 5 % of spontaneous abortions, respectively, indicating a high incidence of epigenetic abnormalities in these genes in the chorionic villi of spontaneous abortions. The level of methylation of the PRDM16 gene significantly correlated with the level of methylation of the retrotransposon LINE-1, which indicates the generalized nature of methylation disorders in spontaneous abortions. Finally, the level of methylation of the PTPRN2 gene depended on the age of mothers of spontaneous abortions with monosomy X, which raises the question of the influence of maternal factors on the methylation profile in this group of spontaneous abortions. Conclusion. The results indicate that epigenetic disorders of the PRDM16 gene may be associated with spontaneous termination of pregnancy in the first trimester. © 2023, RUDN University. All rights reserved.
Application of AOPs to assist regulatory assessment of chemical risks – Case studies, needs and recommendations; While human regulatory risk assessment (RA) still largely relies on animal studies, new approach methodologies (NAMs) based on in vitro, in silico or non-mammalian alternative models are increasingly used to evaluate chemical hazards. Moreover, human epidemiological studies with biomarkers of effect (BoE) also play an invaluable role in identifying health effects associated with chemical exposures. To move towards the next generation risk assessment (NGRA), it is therefore crucial to establish bridges between NAMs and standard approaches, and to establish processes for increasing mechanistically-based biological plausibility in human studies. The Adverse Outcome Pathway (AOP) framework constitutes an important tool to address these needs but, despite a significant increase in knowledge and awareness, the use of AOPs in chemical RA remains limited. The objective of this paper is to address issues related to using AOPs in a regulatory context from various perspectives as it was discussed in a workshop organized within the European Union partnerships HBM4EU and PARC in spring 2022. The paper presents examples where the AOP framework has been proven useful for the human RA process, particularly in hazard prioritization and characterization, in integrated approaches to testing and assessment (IATA), and in the identification and validation of BoE in epidemiological studies. Nevertheless, several limitations were identified that hinder the optimal usability and acceptance of AOPs by the regulatory community including the lack of quantitative information on response-response relationships and of efficient ways to map chemical data (exposure and toxicity) onto AOPs. The paper summarizes suggestions, ongoing initiatives and third-party tools that may help to overcome these obstacles and thus assure better implementation of AOPs in the NGRA. © 2022 The Authors
FTO Regulated Intramuscular Fat by Targeting APMAP Gene via an m6A-YTHDF2-dependent Manner in Rex Rabbits; N6-methyladenosine (m6A) regulates fat development in many ways. Low intramuscular fat (IMF) in rabbit meat seriously affects consumption. In order to improve meat quality, we explored the law of IMF deposition. FTO could increase the expression of APMAP and adipocyte differentiation through methylation. However, interference YTHDF2 can partially recover the influence of interference FTO on the APMAP gene and adipocyte differentiation. APMAP promoted the differentiation of adipocytes. Analysis of IMF and APMAP expression showed IMF content is positive with the expression level of the APMAP gene (p < 0.01). Conclusion: Together, FTO can regulate intramuscular fat by targeting the APMAP gene via an m6A-YTHDF2-dependent manner in Rex rabbits. The result provides a theoretical basis for the molecular breeding of rabbits. © 2023 by the authors.
Volatile Organic Compounds Detected in Amniotic Fluid of Women During Normal Pregnancy; Exposure to volatile organic compounds (VOCs) during the fetal period may induce negative effects on children’s health (e.g. increased risk of low birth weight and imbalanced development). Whereas VOCs have been analysed extensively in various human biological fluids (i.e. urine, blood, and breath), during pregnancy only urine has been studied and no work has been performed on amniotic fluid (AF), which is in direct contact with the fetus and is essential for its well-balanced development and maturation. This study aimed to detect VOCs in AF and to investigate their links to the lifestyle habits of pregnant women. The VOC composition of the AF collected from 76 healthy pregnant women was analysed using a gas chromatograph coupled to a mass spectrometer. The sources of VOC exposure in pregnant women were assessed using a questionnaire about their home living conditions and their professional exposure. A total of 126 VOCs belonging to 13 chemical families were detected in AF. The majority of these VOCs (92) had an exogenous origin, and their presence was linked to lifestyle habits, especially smoking and fragrance use. Considering the direct contact of these VOCs with multiple fetal organs, this study is an important contribution to the literature exploring the future potential relationships between VOCs and abnormal fetal development. © 2023, The Author(s).
HEPATIC BENEFITS OF SODIUM-GLUCOSE COTRANSPORTER 2 INHIBITORS IN LIVER DISORDERS; Diabetic patients are at higher risk of liver dysfunction compared with the normal population. Thus, using hypo-glycemic agents to improve liver efficiency is important in these patients. Sodium-glucose cotransporters-2 inhib-itors (SGLT2i) are newly developed antidiabetic drugs with potent glucose-lowering effects. However, recent limited evidence suggests that they have extra-glycemic benefits and may be able to exert protective effects on the liver. Hence, these drugs could serve as promising pharmacological agents with multiple benefits against different hepatic disorders. In this review, the current knowledge about the possible effects of SGLT2 inhibitors on different forms of liver complications and possible underlying mechanisms are discussed. © 2023, Leibniz Research Centre for Working Environment and Human Factors. All rights reserved.
The Eight-Week Circuit Resistance Training Decreased the Serum Levels of WISP-1 and WISP-2 in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes; Background. According to World Health Organization, the global population of diabetes is approximately 463 million people and is projected to exceed half a billion by 2030. There is currently no specific cure for diabetes, but the methods of control and management are advancing. The effect of exercise and physical activity on one of the latest involved factors, WISP-1 and WISP-2, is one of the therapeutic strategies. Objectives. This study aims to answer the question of what effect circular resistance training has on WISP-1 and WISP-2 in individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods. Among men with T2DM referred to the Diabetes Clinic of Towhid Hospital and the Diabetes Association of Sanandaj, a total of 20 eligible volunteers were randomly assigned to two groups of 10, control and experimental. Circuit resistance training was used in this study for eight weeks, with three non-consecutive sessions per week. The number of sets, intensity, and volume of exercise started with 2 sets at 40% of 1RM (one-repetition maximum) and 15 repetitions in the initial sessions and progressed to 4 sets at 80% of 1RM and 6 repetitions in the final sessions. Rest periods of 20 to 30 seconds between sets and 3 minutes between rounds were considered. WISP-1 and WISP-2 levels were measured via ELISA method. Results. WISP-1 and -2 levels in the control group lake a significant change over time, its levels in the experimental group significantly decreased (p=0.029 and p=0.039, respectively). Conclusion. Both WISP-1 and WISP-2 likely have an impact on the mechanisms of glucose homeostasis, insulin, insulin resistance, and body weight in individuals with T2DM. © 2023, Asian Exercise and Sport Science Association. All rights reserved.
Supports and Barriers to Lifestyle Interventions in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Australia: A National Online Survey; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects approximately one in six pregnancies, causing a significant burden on maternal and infant health. Lifestyle interventions are first-line therapies to manage blood glucose levels (BGLs) and prevent future cardiometabolic complications. However, women with GDM experience considerable barriers to lifestyle interventions; thus, the aim of this study was to determine how women with GDM manage their condition and to identify the primary supports and barriers to lifestyle intervention participation. Methods: An online cross-sectional survey of women in Australia with a history of GDM was conducted. Questions included participant demographics, strategies used to manage BGLs, physical activity and dietary habits, and barriers and supports to lifestyle interventions. Results: A total of 665 individuals consented and responded to the advertisement, of which 564 were eligible and provided partial or complete responses to the survey questions. Most respondents were between 35 and 39 years of age (35.5%), not pregnant (75.4%), working part-time (26.7%), university-educated (58.0%), and had only one child (40.1%). Most respondents managed their BGLs through diet (88.3%), with “low-carbohydrate” diets being the most popular (72.3%), and 46.2% of respondents were undertaking insulin therapy. Only 42.2% and 19.8% of respondents reported meeting the aerobic and strengthening exercise recommendations, respectively. Women with one child or currently pregnant expecting their first child were 1.51 times more likely (95% CI, 1.02, 2.25) to meet the aerobic exercise recommendations than those with two or more children. The most common reported barriers to lifestyle intervention participation were “lack of time” (71.4%) and “childcare” commitments (57.7%). Lifestyle interventions delivered between 6 and 12 months postpartum (59.0%), involving an exercise program (82.6%), and delivered one-on-one were the most popular (64.9%). Conclusion: Most women report managing their GDM with lifestyle strategies. The most common strategies reported involve approaches not currently included in the clinical practice guidelines such as reducing carbohydrate consumption. Furthermore, despite being willing to participate in lifestyle interventions, respondents report significant barriers, including lack of time and childcare commitments, whereas mentioned supports included having an online format. Lifestyle interventions for women with a history of GDM should be designed in a manner that is both tailored to the individual and considerate of existing barriers and supports to participation. © 2023 by the authors.
Obesity-related kidney disease: Beyond hypertension and insulin-resistance; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) causes considerable morbidity, mortality, and health expenditures worldwide. Obesity is a significant risk factor for CKD development, partially explained by the high prevalence of diabetes mellitus and hypertension in obese patients. However, adipocytes also possess potent endocrine functions, secreting a myriad of cytokines and adipokines that contribute to insulin resistance and induce a chronic low-grade inflammatory state thereby damaging the kidney. CKD development itself is associated with various metabolic alterations that exacerbate adipose tissue dysfunction and insulin resistance. This adipose-renal axis is a major focus of current research, given the rising incidence of CKD and obesity. Cellular senescence is a biologic hallmark of aging, and age is another significant risk factor for obesity and CKD. An elevated senescent cell burden in adipose tissue predicts renal dysfunction in animal models, and senotherapies may alleviate these phenotypes. In this review, we discuss the direct mechanisms by which adipose tissue contributes to CKD development, emphasizing the potential clinical importance of such pathways in augmenting the care of CKD. Copyright © 2023 Arabi, Shafqat, Sabbah, Fawzy, Shah, Abdulkader, Razak, Sabbah and Arabi.
The protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus; The offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers are considered to be at the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure. Our previous study showed that zinc, selenium, and chromium dramatically alleviated glucose intolerance in GDM rats and their offspring (P < 0.05). However, the effects of these elements on the damage of the cardiac myocytes of GDM offspring and the underlying mechanisms have not been demonstrated. Here, we investigated the beneficial effects of zinc (10 mg per kg bw), selenium (20 μg per kg bw), and chromium (20 μg per kg bw) supplementation on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of GDM rats induced by a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet. The results showed that maternal GDM induced glucose intolerance, oxidative stress, cardiac inflammation and myocardial fibrosis in offspring rats during different ages (3 days, 3 weeks, and adulthood), which were ameliorated by zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). The activity of cardiac damage markers such as creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased by 40-60% in element-supplemented offspring compared to that in non-supplemented offspring of GDM dams (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal GDM-induced expression of fibrosis-related proteins and the transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1)/small mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 (Smad3) signaling pathway in the heart tissue of offspring was down-regulated by zinc, selenium, and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). In conclusion, zinc, selenium, and chromium may play a protective role in maternal GDM-induced myocardial fibrosis in offspring from birth to adulthood by inactivating the TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Unraveling propylene glycol-induced lipolysis of the biosynthesis pathway in ultra-high temperature milk using high resolution mass spectrometry untargeted lipidomics and proteomics; In July 2022, the food safety accident that excessive propylene glycol was detected in milk processing factory raised widespread concerns about quality and nutrition of milk with illegal additive. To the best of our knowledge, the influences of propylene glycol to lipids in milk had not been systematically explored. Therefore, spatiotemporal distributions of lipids related to propylene glycol reaction and changes of sensory quality were investigated by food exogenous. Briefly, 10 subclasses (Cer, DG, HexCer, LPC, LPE, PC, PE, PI, SPH and TG) included 147 lipids and 38 pivotal enzymes were annotated. Propylene glycol altered lysophospholipidase and phospholipase A2 through altering structural order in lipids domains surrounding proteins to inhibit glycerophospholipid metabolism and initiated obvious changes in PC (10.45–27.91 mg kg−1) and PE (12.92–49.02 mg kg−1). This study offered insights into influences of propylene glycol doses and storage time on milk metabolism at molecular level to assess the quality of milk. © 2023
INNOVATIVE THERAPEUTIC STRATEGIES FOR CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE; As a significant non-communicable disease, cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women, comprises almost twenty percent of deaths in most racial and ethnic groups, can affect greater than twenty-five million individuals worldwide over the age of twenty, and impacts global economies with far-reaching finan-cial challenges. Multiple factors can affect the onset of cardiovascular disease that include high serum cholesterol levels, elevated blood pressure, tobacco consumption and secondhand smoke exposure, poor nutrition, physical inactivity, obesity, and concurrent diabetes mellitus. Yet, addressing any of these factors cannot completely elim-inate the onset or progression of cardiovascular disorders. Novel strategies are necessary to target underlying car-diovascular disease mechanisms. The silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog 1 (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) (SIRT1), a histone deacetylase, can limit cardiovascular injury, assist with stem cell development, oversee metabolic homeostasis through nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) pathways, foster trophic factor protection, and control cell senescence through the modulation of telomere function. Intimately tied to SIRT1 pathways are mammalian forkhead transcription factors (FoxOs) which can modulate cardiac disease to reduce oxidative stress, repair microcirculation disturbances, and reduce atherogenesis through pathways of autophagy, apoptosis, and ferroptosis. AMP activated protein kinase (AMPK) also is critical among these pathways for the oversight of cardiac cellular metabolism, insulin sensitivity, mitochondrial function, inflammation, and the sus-ceptibility to viral infections such as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus that can impact cardiovascular disease. Yet, the relationship among these pathways is both intricate and complex and requires detailed insight to successfully translate these pathways into clinical care for cardiovascular disorders. © 2023 The Authors.
Toxicogenomics Data for Chemical Safety Assessment and Development of New Approach Methodologies: An Adverse Outcome Pathway-Based Approach; Mechanistic toxicology provides a powerful approach to inform on the safety of chemicals and the development of safe-by-design compounds. Although toxicogenomics supports mechanistic evaluation of chemical exposures, its implementation into the regulatory framework is hindered by uncertainties in the analysis and interpretation of such data. The use of mechanistic evidence through the adverse outcome pathway (AOP) concept is promoted for the development of new approach methodologies (NAMs) that can reduce animal experimentation. However, to unleash the full potential of AOPs and build confidence into toxicogenomics, robust associations between AOPs and patterns of molecular alteration need to be established. Systematic curation of molecular events to AOPs will create the much-needed link between toxicogenomics and systemic mechanisms depicted by the AOPs. This, in turn, will introduce novel ways of benefitting from the AOPs, including predictive models and targeted assays, while also reducing the need for multiple testing strategies. Hence, a multi-step strategy to annotate AOPs is developed, and the resulting associations are applied to successfully highlight relevant adverse outcomes for chemical exposures with strong in vitro and in vivo convergence, supporting chemical grouping and other data-driven approaches. Finally, a panel of AOP-derived in vitro biomarkers for pulmonary fibrosis (PF) is identified and experimentally validated. © 2022 The Authors. Advanced Science published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Intergenerational arsenic exposure on the mouse epigenome and metabolic physiology; Inorganic arsenic (iAs) is one of the largest toxic exposures to impact humanity worldwide. Exposure to iAs during pregnancy may disrupt the proper remodeling of the epigenome of F1 developing offspring and potentially their F2 grand-offspring via disruption of fetal primordial germ cells (PGCs). There is a limited understanding between the correlation of disease phenotype and methylation profile within offspring of both generations and whether it persists to adulthood. Our study aims to understand the intergenerational effects of in utero iAs exposure on the epigenetic profile and onset of disease phenotypes within F1 and F2 adult offspring, despite the lifelong absence of direct arsenic exposure within these generations. We exposed F0 female mice (C57BL6/J) to the following doses of iAs in drinking water 2 weeks before pregnancy until the birth of the F1 offspring: 1, 10, 245, and 2300 ppb. We found sex- and dose-specific changes in weight and body composition that persist from early time to adulthood within both generations. Fasting blood glucose challenge suggests iAs exposure causes dysregulation of glucose metabolism, revealing generational, exposure, and sex-specific differences. Toward understanding the mechanism, genome-wide DNA methylation data highlights exposure-specific patterns in liver, finding dysregulation within genes associated with cancer, T2D, and obesity. We also identified regions containing persistently differentially methylated CpG sites between F1 and F2 generations. Our results indicate the F1 developing embryos and their PGCs, which will result in F2 progeny, retain epigenetic damage established during the prenatal period and are associated with adult metabolic dysfunction. © 2023 Environmental Mutagen Society.
Osteocalcin serum concentrations and markers of energetic metabolism in pediatric patients. Systematic review and metanalysis; Background: Osteocalcin plays a role in glucose metabolism in mice, but its relevance in human energetic metabolism is controversial. Its relationship with markers of energetic metabolism in the pediatric population has not been systematically addressed in infants and adolescents. Objective: This study aims to assess the mean differences between tOC, ucOC, and cOC among healthy children and children with type 1 or type 2 diabetes (T1D or T2D) and the correlation of these bone molecules with metabolic markers. Methods: A systematic review and metanalysis were performed following PRISMA criteria to identify relevant observational studies published in English and Spanish using PubMed, Scopus, EBSCO, and Web of Science databases. The risk of bias was assessed using New Castle–Ottawa scale. Effect size measures comprised standardized mean difference (SMD) and Pearson correlations. Heterogeneity and meta-regressions were performed. Results: The 20 studies included were of high quality and comprised 3,000 pediatric patients who underwent tOC, cOC, or ucOC measurements. Among healthy subjects, there was a positive correlation of ucOC with WC and weight, a positive correlation of tOC with FPG, HDL-c, WC, height, and weight, and a negative correlation between tOC and HbA1c. Among diabetic subjects, a negative correlation of ucOC with HbA1c and glycemia in both T1D and T2D was found and a negative correlation between tOC and HbA1c in T1D but not in T2D. The ucOC concentrations were lower in T2D, T1D, and patients with abnormal glucose status than among controls. The serum concentrations of tOC concentrations were lower among T1D than in controls. The patient's age, altitude, and HbA1c influenced the levels of serum tOC. Conclusion: Osteocalcin is involved in energy metabolism in pediatric subjects because it is consistently related to metabolic and anthropometric parameters. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier: CRD42019138283. 2023 Villafan Bernal, Rodríguez-Narciso, Martinez-Portilla, Careaga-Cárdenas, Rubio-Navarro, Barba Gallardo and Delgadillo-Castañeda.
Exploration of the hypoglycemic mechanism of Fuzhuan brick tea based on integrating global metabolomics and network pharmacology analysis; Introduction: Fuzhuan brick tea (FBT) is a worldwide popular beverage which has the appreciable potential in regulating glycometabolism. However, the reports on the hypoglycemic mechanism of FBT remain limited. Methods: In this study, the hypoglycemic effect of FBT was evaluated in a pharmacological experiment based on Kunming mice. Global metabolomics and network pharmacology were combined to discover the potential target metabolites and genes. In addition, the real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) analysis was performed for verification. Results: Seven potential target metabolites and six potential target genes were screened using the integrated approach. After RT-qPCR analysis, it was found that the mRNA expression of VEGFA, KDR, MAPK14, and PPARA showed significant differences between normal and diabetes mellitus mice, with a retracement after FBT treatment. Conclusion: These results indicated that the hypoglycemic effect of FBT was associated with its anti-inflammatory activities and regulation of lipid metabolism disorders. The exploration of the hypoglycemic mechanism of FBT would be meaningful for its further application and development. Copyright © 2024 Xiang, You, Zeng, Xu, Lin, Liu, Zhang, Huang, Song and Jin.
Parental sex-dependent effects of either maternal or paternal eNOS deficiency on the offspring’s phenotype without transmission of the parental eNOS deficiency to the offspring; Background: Preclinical animal studies and clinical studies indicate that both maternal as well as paternal genetic alterations/gene defects might affect the phenotype of the next-generation without transmissions of the affected gene. Currently, the question of whether the same genetic defect present in the mother or father leads to a similar phenotype in the offspring remains insufficiently elucidated. Methods: In this head-to-head study, we crossbred female and male mice with heterozygous endothelial eNOS knockout (eNOS+/−) with male and female wild-type (wt) mice, respectively. Subsequently, we compared the phenotype of the resulting wt offspring with that of wt offspring born to parents with no eNOS deficiency. Results: Wt female offspring of mothers with heterozygous eNOS showed elevated liver fat accumulation, while wt male offspring of fathers with heterozygous eNOS exhibited increased fasting insulin, heightened insulin levels after a glucose load, and elevated liver glycogen content. By quantitative mass-spectrometry it was shown that concentrations of six serum metabolites (lysoPhosphatidylcholine acyl C20:3, phosphatidylcholine diacyl C36:2, phosphatidylcholine diacyl C38:1, phosphatidylcholine acyl-alkyl C34:1, phosphatidylcholine acyl-alkyl C36:3, and phosphatidylcholine acyl-alkyl C42:5 (PC ae C42:5) as well as four liver carbon metabolites (fructose 6-phosphate, fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, glucose 6-phosphate and fumarate) were different between wt offspring with eNOS+/− mothers and wt offspring with eNOS+/− fathers. Importantly, fumarate was inversely correlated with the liver fat accumulation in female offspring with eNOS+/− mothers and increased liver glycogen in offspring of both sexes with eNOS+/− fathers. The qRT-PCR results revealed that the gene expression patterns were different between wt offspring with eNOS+/− mothers and those offspring with eNOS+/− fathers. Different gene expression patterns were correlated with different observed phenotypic changes in male/female offspring born to mothers or fathers with a heterozygous eNOS genotype. Conclusion: The identical parental genetic alteration (heterozygous eNOS deficiency), without being passed on to the offspring, results in distinct metabolic, liver phenotype, and gene expression pattern variations depending on whether the genetic alteration originated from the father or the mother. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Reichetzeder, Liu, Hocher, Hasan, Lin, Kleuser, Hu and Hocher.
Implications of the Serum Concentrations of Neuregulin-4 (Nrg4) in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: A Case-Control Study; Background: Neuregulin-4 (Nrg4), a novel brown fat-enriched factor, has been reported to play a crucial role in developing metabolic disorders. The current case-control study aimed to investigate the association between serum Nrg4 and coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: This study enrolled 43 patients with CAD and 43 subjects with normal coronary arteries diagnosed by coronary angiography. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured and recorded. The serum Nrg4 level was determined using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The relationships between circulating Nrg4 and CAD and other clinical parameters were analyzed. A receiver operating characteristic analysis was applied to assess the utility of Nrg4 in identifying CAD. Results: The study population comprised 86 patients, including 64 men (74.4%), at a mean age of 57.83±6.01 years. Patients with CAD had significantly lower serum Nrg4 than the control group (P<0.001). The serum Nrg4 level was negatively correlated with anthropometric variables, including the body mass index, waist circumference, and the waist-to-hip ratio, fasting blood glucose, and the triglyceride-glucose index (P<0.05). In multivariable-adjusted regression analysis, the odds of CAD decreased by 46% per 1 SD elevation in the serum Nrg4 level (OR, 0.54; 95% CI, 0.40 to 0.73; P<0.001) after controlling for potential confounders. Nrg4 showed a significantly high area under the curve value (AUC, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.75 to 0.94) with 81.4% sensitivity and 95.3% specificity to identify CAD. Conclusion: Generally, the serum level of Nrg4 declines in patients with CAD, which might be an independent risk factor for CAD. © 2023 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. Published by Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Obesity among Asian American people in the United States: A review; Standard measures of obesity, i.e., body weight and BMI, suggest that Asian American people have a lower obesity prevalence than other racial groups in the United States. However, Asian American people face a unique challenge in their pattern of adiposity with central obesity, which raises the risk for multiple comorbidities, such as type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease, at a lower BMI compared with other populations. Several organizations recommend lower BMI cutoffs for obesity in Asian people (BMI ≥25.0 or ≥27.5 kg/m2) instead of the standard ≥30.0 kg/m2 threshold. The risks of obesity and related comorbidities in this population are further influenced by diet, physical activity, perceptions of health, and access to information and therapies. Asian-specific parameters for assessing obesity should become a standard part of clinical practice. Asian American people should equally be offered subgroup-specific tailored interventions owing to heterogeneity of this population. Access to medications and surgery should be improved, in part by updating US indications for therapies to reflect race-specific obesity thresholds and through inclusion of Asian American people of all subtypes with lower BMI values in clinical trials. © 2023 The Authors. Obesity published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Obesity Society.
Antidiabetic Phytocompounds Acting as Glucose Transport Stimulators; Aims: The present study aimed to provide summarized data related to the phytocompouds improving glucose uptake in the diabetic state. Background: Glucose uptake in peripheral tissues such as skeletal muscle and adipose tissue is considered as an important step in the regulation of glucose homeostasis. Reducing high blood glucose levels in diabetic patients via targeting peripheral glucose uptake is a promising strategy to develop new antidiabetic medications derived from natural products. Objective: The current review focused on antidiabetic natural phytocompounds acting on glucose uptake in adipocytes and skeletal muscles to highlight their phytochemistry, the mechanistic pathway involved, toxicity, and clinical assessment. Methods: A systematic search was conducted in the scientific database with specific keywords on natural phytocompounds demonstrated to possess glucose uptake stimulating activity in vitro or ex vivo during the last decade. Results: In total, 195 pure molecules and 7 mixtures of inseparable molecules isolated from the plants kingdom, in addition to 16 biomolecules derived from non-herbal sources, possess a potent glucose uptake stimulating capacity in adipocytes and/or skeletal muscles in adipocytes and/or skeletal muscles in vitro or ex vivo. Molecular studies revealed that these plant-derived molecules induced glucose uptake via increasing GLUT-4 expression and/or translocation through insulin signaling pathway, AMPK pathway, PTP1B activity inhibition or acting as partial PPARγ agonists. These phytocompounds were isolated from 91 plants, belonging to 57 families and triterpenoids are the most sous-class of secondary metabolites showing this activity. Among all the phytocompounds listed in the current review, only 14 biomolecules have shown an interesting activity against diabetes and its complications in clinical studies. Conclusion: Epicatechin, catechin, epigallocatechin 3-gallate, quercetin, quercetin 3-glucoside, berberine, rutin, linoleic acid, oleanolic acid, oleic acid, chlorogenic acid, gallic acid, hesperidin, and corosolic acid are promising phytocompounds that showed great activity against diabetes and diabetes complications in vitro and in vivo. However, for the others phytocompounds further experimental studies followed by clinical trials are needed. Finally, foods rich in these compounds cited in this review present a healthy diet for diabetic patients. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health. © 2023, Bentham Science Publishers. All rights reserved.
Asprosin in health and disease, a new glucose sensor with central and peripheral metabolic effects; Adipose tissue malfunction leads to altered adipokine secretion which might consequently contribute to an array of metabolic diseases spectrum including obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disorders. Asprosin is a novel diabetogenic adipokine classified as a caudamin hormone protein. This adipokine is released from white adipose tissue during fasting and elicits glucogenic and orexigenic effects. Although white adipose tissue is the dominant source for this multitask adipokine, other tissues also may produce asprosin such as salivary glands, pancreatic B-cells, and cartilage. Significantly, plasma asprosin levels link to glucose metabolism, lipid profile, insulin resistance (IR), and β-cell function. Indeed, asprosin exhibits a potent role in the metabolic process, induces hepatic glucose production, and influences appetite behavior. Clinical and preclinical research showed dysregulated levels of circulating asprosin in several metabolic diseases including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFLD), and several types of cancer. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the asprosin role in the etiology and pathophysiological manifestations of these conditions. Asprosin could be a promising candidate for both novel pharmacological treatment strategies and diagnostic tools, although developing a better understanding of its function and signaling pathways is still needed. Copyright © 2023 Farrag, Ait Eldjoudi, González-Rodríguez, Cordero-Barreal, Ruiz-Fernández, Capuozzo, González-Gay, Mera, Lago, Soffar, Essawy, Pino, Farrag and Gualillo.
Alkaloids as Promising Agents for the Management of Insulin Resistance: A Review; Background: Insulin resistance is one of the main factors that lead to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The effect of alkaloids on insulin resistance has been extensively examined according to multiple scientific researches. Objective: In this work, we aimed to summarize the interesting results from preclinical and clinical studies that assessed the effects of natural alkaloids (berberine, nigelladine A, piperine, trigonelline, capsaicin, nuciferine, evodiamine, mahanine, and magnoflorine) on impaired insulin sensitivity and worsened insulin resistance, which play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Methods: In the current review, PubMed, ScienceDirect, Springer, and Google Scholar databases were used. The inclusion criteria were based on the following keywords and phrases: insulin sensitivity, insulin resis-tance, alkaloids and insulin resistance, alkaloids and type 2 diabetes, mechanisms of action, and alkaloids. Results: The outcomes reported in this review demonstrated that the selected alkaloids increased insulin sensitivity and reduced insulin resistance in vitro and in vivo evidence, as well as in clinical trials, through improving insulin-signaling transduction mainly in hepatocytes, myocytes, and adipocytes, both at cellular and molecular levels. Insulin signaling components (InsR, IRS-1, PI3K, Akt, etc.), protein kinases and phosphatases, re-ceptors, ion channels, cytokines, adipokines, and microRNAs, are influenced by alkaloids at transcriptional and translational levels, also in terms of function (activity and/or phosphorylation). Multiple perturbations associated with insulin resistance, such as ectopic lipid accumulation, inflammation, ER stress, oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, gut microbiota dysbiosis, and β-cell failure, are reversed after treatment with alka-loids. Furthermore, various indices and tests are employed to assess insulin resistance, including the Matsuda index, insulin sensitivity index (ISI), oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and insulin tolerance test (ITT), which are all enhanced by alkaloids. These improvements extend to fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, and HbA1c levels as well. Additionally, the Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) and the Homeostasis Model Assessment of β-cell function (HOMA-β) are recognized as robust markers of insulin sensitivity and β-cell function, and it is noteworthy that alkaloids also lead to improvements in these two markers. Conclusion: Based on the findings of the current review, alkaloids may serve as both preventive and curative agents for metabolic disorders, specifically type 2 diabetes. Nonetheless, there is an urgent need for additional clinical trials to explore the potential benefits of alkaloids in both healthy individuals and those with type 2 dia-betes. Additionally, it is crucial to assess any possible side effects and interactions with antidiabetic drugs. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Recent advances in the application of ionomics in metabolic diseases; Trace elements and minerals play a significant role in human health and diseases. In recent years, ionomics has been rapidly and widely applied to explore the distribution, regulation, and crosstalk of different elements in various physiological and pathological processes. On the basis of multi-elemental analytical techniques and bioinformatics methods, it is possible to elucidate the relationship between the metabolism and homeostasis of diverse elements and common diseases. The current review aims to provide an overview of recent advances in the application of ionomics in metabolic disease research. We mainly focuses on the studies about ionomic or multi-elemental profiling of different biological samples for several major types of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, and metabolic syndrome, which reveal distinct and dynamic patterns of ion contents and their potential benefits in the detection and prognosis of these illnesses. Accumulation of copper, selenium, and environmental toxic metals as well as deficiency of zinc and magnesium appear to be the most significant risk factors for the majority of metabolic diseases, suggesting that imbalance of these elements may be involved in the pathogenesis of these diseases. Moreover, each type of metabolic diseases has shown a relatively unique distribution of ions in biofluids and hair/nails from patients, which might serve as potential indicators for the respective disease. Overall, ionomics not only improves our understanding of the association between elemental dyshomeostasis and the development of metabolic disease but also assists in the identification of new potential diagnostic and prognostic markers in translational medicine. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Huang, Jin, Xiao and Ying.
Concise review: Breastfeeding, lactation, and NAFLD. An updated view of cross-generational disease transmission and prevention; Evidence suggests that breastfeeding protects the mother-infant dyad against the development and progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In this context, we aim to provide insight into the most notable and representative epidemiological studies published in the literature. Furthermore, we will delve into the potential underlying pathomechanisms that might be involved in this relationship. The current definitions of breastfeeding, lactation, mother-infant dyad, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are provided. Next, the epidemiological evidence supporting potential benefits for the (long-term) lactating mother in terms of protection from the development and progression of NAFLD is reviewed. The putative mechanisms underlying this protection are also analyzed. Similarly, clinical and epidemiological studies evaluating the benefits of breastfeeding for the offspring are examined, together with a discussion of the putative underlying mechanisms. In conclusion, our understanding of breastfeeding (for the offspring) and lactation (for the mother) as protective factors from NAFLD development and fibrotic progression will provide further insight into unprecedented disease mechanisms shared by the motherinfant dyad promising to interrupt the vicious cycle of NAFLD transmission across generations. © 2023, OAE Publishing Inc.. All rights reserved.
SIRT1 alleviates insulin resistance and respiratory distress in late preterm rats by activating QKI5-mediated PPARγ/PI3K/AKT pathway; Neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS) is a common complication of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and late preterm births. Research suggests that SIRT1 was involved in LPS-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome, but its mechanism remains to be further explored. Here, pregnant rats were intraperitoneally injected with 45 mg/Kg streptozotocin at day 0 of gestation to induce GDM and injected with LPS at day 17 of gestation to induce late preterm birth. Pioglitazone (a PPARγ agonist) was administered from day 17 to parturition in GDM group, and it was administered for 3 days before LPS injection in late preterm birth group. SRT1720 (a SIRT1 activator) was administered by oral gavage from day 0 to day 17 in both groups. Our data showed that activation of SIRT1 or PPARγ alleviated the abnormal blood glucose metabolism and lung tissue injury, downregulated expression of surfactant proteins (SP-B and SP-C), and decreased activation of the PI3K/AKT pathway induced by GDM and late preterm birth in neonatal rats. Moreover, an insulin resistance model was established by treating primary AT-II cells with insulin. Activation of SIRT1 reversed insulin-induced reduction in cell proliferation, glucose consumption, SP-B and SP-C expression, and the activity of the PI3K/AKT pathway and increase in cellular inflammation and apoptosis. Mechanistically, SIRT1 upregulated PPARγ expression via deacetylation of QKI5, an RNA binding protein that can stabilize its target mRNA molecules, and then activated the PI3K/AKT pathway. In conclusion, SIRT1 promotes the expression of PPARγ via upregulation of QKI5 and activates the PI3K/AKT pathway, thus mitigating NRDS caused by GDM and late preterm birth. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Swainsonine Induces Liver Inflammation in Mice via Disturbance of Gut Microbiota and Bile Acid Metabolism; Swainsonine induced liver inflammation in livestock; however, the underlying mechanisms, especially the role of bile acids (BAs), in the pathogenesis remained elusive. Here, our results showed that swainsonine induced hepatic inflammation via changing BA metabolism and gut microbiota in mice. Swainsonine significantly upregulated the levels of deoxycholic acid (DCA) and taurine-β-muricholic acid (T-β-MCA) in the serum and liver of mice due to the markedly increased genus Clostridium and the decreased genus Lactobacillus in the gut. As antagonists of the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), elevated DCA and T-β-MCA inhibited hepatic Fxr gene expression and thus suppressed FXR-SHP signaling and activated hepatic Cyp7a1 gene expression, which induced a significant upregulation of the total BA level in serum, contributing to liver inflammation. These findings offer new insights into the underlying mechanisms in which swainsonine induced liver inflammation in mice via the gut-liver axis and suggest that gut microbiota and its metabolite BAs may be underlying triggering factors. © 2023 American Chemical Society.
Enhancement of Insulin Sensitivity and Management of Lipid Disorders during Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Role of Capsaicin; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has emerged as a disorder that can raise women’s and their offspring’s future health concerns. Limited drug use during pregnancy causes people to turn to natural substances for the prevention of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. The bioactive substance that gives chili peppers their bitter flavor, capsaicin, is derived from the Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has emerged as a disorder that can raise women’s and their offspring’s future health concerns. Limited drug use during pregnancy causes people to turn to natural substances for the prevention of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. The bioactive substance that gives chili peppers their bitter flavor, capsaicin, is derived from the Capsicum plant. Capsaicin has recently been utilized to treat a variety of illnesses, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, and fatty liver disease by controlling metabolic dysregulations such as hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperlipidemia. This chapter aims to shed light on the effect of capsaicin administration on improving insulin sensitivity and treating lipid abnormalities in GDM-affected females, covering recent findings. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Skeletal muscle integrin expression in non-obese men with varying degrees of insulin sensitivity; The remodeling of skeletal muscle extracellular matrix (ECM) components is related to the degree of insulin resistance (IR). Membrane receptors such as integrins provide two-way signaling (“inside-out” and “outside-in” signaling) between ECM components of skeletal muscle (e.g., collagen, laminin, fibronectin) and intracellular signaling pathways. The aim of the study was to analyze the relationship between the expression of integrins in skeletal muscle and insulin sensitivity (IS) in young, healthy, non-obese volunteers. We studied 36 healthy non-obese male participants. Subjects were divided into three subgroups on the basis of the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp: upper IS tertile, medium IS tertile, and lower IS tertile. Vastus lateralis muscle biopsies were performed before each clamp. Next, analysis of integrin mRNA expression was performed. Waist circumference, percent body fat, fasting serum insulin, total cholesterol, triglycerides and LDL-cholesterol were higher in the lower IS tertile subgroup compared to the other two subgroups (p < 0.05). The lower IS tertile showed increased expression of ITGA5, ITGA6, ITGA7, SPARC (p < 0.05) in comparison with the upper IS tertile and ITGA6 (p < 0.05) compared to the medium IS tertile. ITGA2, ITGA3, ITGA5, ITGA6, ITGA7, SPARC correlated inversely with IS (p < 0.05). Skeletal muscle integrin are associated with low IS in healthy nonobese men. Our data suggest that factors associated with ECM in muscle may be involved in modulation of insulin action even at the early stages of the development of IR. © The Japan Endocrine Society.
Sirtuin 1 is a potential therapeutic candidate gene for fetal growth restriction via insulin-like 4; Objective: Insufficient placental development causes various obstetric complications, including fetal growth restriction (FGR). The Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) and insulin-like 4 (INSL4) protein-coding genes have been demonstrated to play an important role in placental development. However, no treatment for FGR is available due to placental dysfunction. Therefore, this study aimed to examine the potential of the SIRT1–INSL4 axis as a treatment candidate for FGR caused by insufficient placental development. Methods: Twenty patients were enrolled, including 10 with FGR and 10 full-term controls. FGR and control placental samples were collected. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, immunohistochemical analysis, and western blotting were used to analyze INSL4 and SIRT1 expression. An in-vitro loss-of-function approach with the human choriocarcinoma cell line BeWo was applied for functional analyses of SIRT1 in placental development. BeWo cells were differentiated into syncytiotrophoblasts by silencing SIRT1 using small interfering RNA. SIRT1 activator was added during differentiation of SIRT1-knockdown BeWo cells into syncytiotrophoblasts. Results: The FGR samples had lower INSL4 and SIRT1 mRNA and protein expression levels than the control samples. Immunohistochemistry showed that both SIRT1 and INSL4 were expressed mainly in syncytiotrophoblasts. In-vitro analyses showed that SIRT1 knockdown decreased INSL4 expression; however, SIRT1 activator restored SIRT1 expression in SIRT1-silenced BeWo cells. Conclusions: SIRT1 and INSL4 are downregulated in the placenta of FGR, and INSL4 is regulated by SIRT1. These findings indicate that the SIRT1–INSL4 axis may be a potential therapeutic target for FGR. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
SPARC: a potential target for functional nanomaterials and drugs; Secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC), also termed osteonectin or BM-40, is a matricellular protein which regulates cell adhesion, extracellular matrix production, growth factor activity, and cell cycle. Although SPARC does not perform a structural function, it, however, modulates interactions between cells and the surrounding extracellular matrix due to its anti-proliferative and anti-adhesion properties. The overexpression of SPARC at sites, including injury, regeneration, obesity, cancer, and inflammation, reveals its application as a prospective target and therapeutic indicator in the treatment and assessment of disease. This article comprehensively summarizes the mechanism of SPARC overexpression in inflammation and tumors as well as the latest research progress of functional nanomaterials in the therapy of rheumatoid arthritis and tumors by manipulating SPARC as a new target. This article provides ideas for using functional nanomaterials to treat inflammatory diseases through the SPARC target. The purpose of this article is to provide a reference for ongoing disease research based on SPARC-targeted therapy. Copyright © 2023 Jiang, Sun, Li, Zhang, Chen and Liu.
Irisin and Energy Metabolism and the Role of Irisin on Metabolic Syndrome; Irisin is a thermogenic hormone that leads to causes energy expenditure by increasing brown adipose tissue (BAT). This protein hormone that enables the conversion of white adipose tissue (WAT) to BAT is the irisin protein. This causes energy expenditure during conversion. WAT stores triglycerides and fatty acids and contains very few mitochondria. They also involve in the development of insulin resistance (IR). WAT, which contains a very small amount of mitochondria, contributes to the formation of IR by storing triglycerides and fatty acids. WAT functions as endocrine tissue in the body, synthesizing various molecules such as leptin, ghrelin, NUCB2/nesfatin-1, and irisin along with fat storage. BAT is quite effective in energy expenditure, unlike WAT. The number of mitochondria and lipid droplets composed of multicellular cells in BAT is much higher when compared to WAT. BAT contains a protein called uncoupling protein-1 (UCP1) in the mitochondrial membranes. This protein pumps protons from the intermembrane space toward the mitochondrial matrix. When UCP1 is activated, heat dissipation occurs while ATP synthesis does not occur, because UCP1 is a division protein. At the same time, BAT regulates body temperature in infants. Its effectiveness in adults became clear after the discovery of irisin. The molecular mechanism of exercise, which increases calorie expenditure, became clear with the discovery of irisin. Thus, the isolation of irisin led to the clarification of metabolic events and fat metabolism. In this review, literature information will be given on the effect of irisin hormone on energy metabolism and metabolic syndrome (MetS). © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Gut microbiome and reproductive endocrine diseases: a Mendelian randomization study; Background: Observation studies have confirmed the association between the gut microbiome and reproductive endocrine diseases (REDs), namely, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), endometriosis, and female infertility. However, their association has never been confirmed by a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis. Methods: We conducted a two-sample MR analysis to evaluate the relationship between the gut microbiome and the three aforementioned REDs. In order to get more comprehensive results, two different thresholds were adopted to select instrumental variables (IVs): one was a locus-wide significance threshold (P <1.0×10–5) and the other was a genome-wide significance level (P< 5×10-8). Summary-level statistics for the gut microbiome and REDs were collected from public databases. Inverse-variance weighted (IVW) was the main method used to estimate causality, and sensitivity analyses were conducted to validate the MR results. Results: At the locus-wide significance level, we identified that the genera Streptococcus (OR=1.52, 95%CI: 1.13-2.06, P=0.006) and RuminococcaceaeUCG005 (OR=1.39, 95%CI: 1.04-1.86, P=0.028) were associated with a high risk of PCOS, while Sellimonas (OR= 0.69, 95%CI: 0.58-0.83, P=0.0001) and RuminococcaceaeUCG011(OR=0.76, 95%CI: 0.60-0.95, P=0.017) were linked to a low PCOS risk. The genus Coprococcus2 (OR=1.20, 95%CI: 1.01-1.43, P=0.039) was correlated with an increased risk of female infertility, while Ruminococcus torques (OR=0.69, 95%CI: 0.54-0.88, P=0.002) were negatively associated with the risk of female infertility. The genera Olsenella (OR= 1.11, 95%CI: 1.01-1.22, P=0.036), Anaerotruncus (OR= 1.25, 95%CI: 1.03-1.53, P=0.025), and Oscillospira (OR= 1.21, 95%CI: 1.01-1.46, P=0.035) were linked to a high risk of endometriosis. However, the results showed that the gut microbiome did not possess a causal link with REDs risk based on the genome-wide significance level. Sensitivity analyses further confirmed the robustness of the MR results. Conclusion: Our study provides evidence that gut microbiome is closely related with REDs. Subsequent studies should be conducted to promote microbiome-orientated therapeutic strategies for managing REDs. Copyright © 2023 Liang, Zeng, Hou, Yang, Wu, Pan and Huang.
Endothelial progenitor cells as an emerging cardiovascular risk factor in the field of food and nutrition research: advances and challenges; Dietary modifications can help prevent many cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) actively contribute to cardiovascular system maintenance and could function as surrogate markers for evaluating improvement in cardiovascular health resulting from nutritional interventions. This review summarizes the latest research progress on the impact of food and nutrients on EPCs, drawing on evidence from human, animal, and in vitro studies. Additionally, current trends and challenges faced in the field are highlighted. Findings from studies examining cells as EPCs are generally consistent, demonstrating that a healthy diet, such as the Mediterranean diet or a supervised diet for overweight people, specific foods like olive oil, fruit, vegetables, red wine, tea, chia, and nutraceuticals, and certain nutrients such as polyphenols, unsaturated fats, inorganic nitrate, and vitamins, generally promote higher EPC numbers and enhanced EPC function. Conversely, an unhealthy diet, such as one high in sugar substitutes, salt, or fructose, impairs EPC function. Research on outgrowth EPCs has revealed that various pathways are involved in the modulation effects of food and nutrients. The potential of EPCs as a biomarker for assessing the effectiveness of nutritional interventions in preventing CVDs is immense, while further clarification on definition and characterization of EPCs is required. © 2023 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
ACT001 improved cardiovascular function in septic mice by inhibiting the production of proinflammatory cytokines and the expression of JAK-STAT signaling pathway; Sepsis is a life-threatening multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS) caused by a microbial infection that leads to high morbidity and mortality worldwide. Sepsis-induced cardiomyopathy (SIC) and coagulopathy promote the progression of adverse outcomes in sepsis. Here, we reported that ACT001, a modified compound of parthenolide, improved the survival of sepsis mice. In this work, we used cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) model to induce SIC. Transthoracic echocardiography and HE staining assays were adopted to evaluate the influence of ACT001 on sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction. Our results showed that ACT001 significantly improved heart function and reduced SIC. Coagulation accelerates organ damage in sepsis. We found that ACT001 decreased blood clotting in the FeCl3-induced carotid artery thrombosis experiment. ACT001 also reduced the production of neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). RNA-sequencing of heart tissues revealed that ACT001 significantly downregulated the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the JAK-STAT signaling pathway. These results were confirmed with real-time PCR and ELISA. In summary, we found ACT001 rescued mice from septic shock by protecting the cardiovascular system. This was partially mediated by inhibiting pro-inflammatory cytokine production and down-regulating the JAK-STAT signaling. Copyright © 2023 Peng, Lv, Wang, Shang, Chang, Salahdiin, Guo, Zhang, Shen, Lyu, He, Yang, Wang, Gao, Zhu and Feng.
T-Fiber, A Highland Barley Fiber-Rich Powder, Alleviates Hyperglycemia and Improves Kidney Pathology in Db/db Mice; The role of dietary fiber in highland barley in lowering blood lipids has been continuously studied in recent years. However, its effects on diabetes and diabetic nephropathy are rarely studied. Considering that highland barley bran is rich in dietary fiber, the effective use of dietary fiber in highland barley bran can not only alleviate the symptoms of diabetes but also improve the local economy. This article aimed to study the effects of highland barley fiber-rich powder (T-fiber) with a high-quality natural dietary fiber ratio (insoluble fiber/soluble fiber = 3: 1) on the symptoms of hyperglycemia in a diabetic mouse model. Compared with the model group's blood glucose level (30.80 mmol/L), glucose tolerance (28.57 mmol/L), and glycosylated serum protein (2.43 mmol/L), T-fiber presented significant reductions in blood glucose (23.69 mmol/L), better glucose tolerance (21.32 mmol/L), and glycosylated serum protein (1.78 mmol/L) in the diabetic mouse model. Meanwhile, T-fiber effectively alleviated hepatocellular lesions. In addition, T-fiber not only improved kidney function by reducing the 24-hour urine output (8.25 ml), urine protein levels (11.51 mg), and serum creatinine (13.80 μmol/L) but also alleviated renal pathology, including glomerular hypertrophy, mesangial expansion, and fibrosis. The above results proved the ability of T-fiber to reduce blood glucose and alleviate liver and renal function in diabetic mice. Altogether, T-fiber is a capable formula for utilizing highland barley bran dietary fiber, which alleviates diabetes symptoms and endows highland barley with promising value. © 2023 Yang Yang et al.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Objective. Women who develop GDM present a metabolic condition similar to that found in type 2 diabetes, characterized by impaired insulin response. Due to similar pathophysiologic mechanisms found between type 2DM and GDM, there is a great interest in finding markers that will lead to the understanding of a possible common origin to both diseases. The aim of this study was to determine serum FGF21 levels in 2DM and GDM and its correlation with selected metabolic parameters. Method. The study included 54 2DM patients and 52 nondiabetic individuals (control group 1) as well as 74 GDM women and 32 healthy pregnant controls (control group 2). Serum FGF21 was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), in all groups, and correlated with biochemical parameters of glucose metabolism and insulin resistance (HbA1c, HOMA index, TG, and HDL cholesterol). Results. FGF21 concentration was significantly higher in 2DM as compared with control group 1 (p<0.01). In the 2DM group, FGF21 was positively correlated with HOMA index (p=0.022, R=0.398). In the GDM group, the positive relationships with FGF21 were observed with glucose (p=0.020, R=0.264) and TG (p=0.013, R=0.283) while HDL-C levels were correlated negatively (p=0.004, R=-0.326). Conclusion. Serum FGF21 levels were significantly higher in 2DM patients than those without diabetes. Moreover, serum FGF21 levels were associated with selected metabolic parameters, suggesting that it may play acrolein glucose and lipid metabolism. © 2023 Katarzyna Gawlik et al.
Insulin Resistance-Induced Platelet Hyperactivity and a Potential Biomarker Role of Platelet Parameters: A Narrative Review; Background: Insulin has an inhibitory effect on platelets; however, this is compromised in circumstances of Insulin Resistance (IR), leading to platelet hyperactivity. Platelet parameters such as mean platelet volume, platelet count, and platelet distribution width are simple and accessible potential biomarkers for the early diagnosis and prognosis of IR. Therefore, the aim of this review is to provide insight on the current status of knowledge regarding IR-induced platelet hyperactivation and the potential biomarker role of platelet parameters. Methods: This narrative review included articles published in the English language. Searches were carried out at the electronic databases PubMed and Google Scholar. The search strategy was done by combining key words and related database-specific subject terms (Mesh terms) with the appropriate Boolean operators. Conclusion: Increasing insulin sensitivity in insulin resistant patients would possibly cause substantial reduction in platelet activation, which in turn reduce complications related with platelet hyperactivation. The standard methods to measure IR are not frequently employed in clinical practice due to their expensiveness and complexity. Thus, early detection of IR using a simple and more widely available biomarkers such as mean platelet volume, platelet count and platelet distribution width would be beneficial. Particularly in developing countries where resource scarcity is a major constraint of the health sector, utilizing such easy and affordable biomarkers may have a crucial role. © 2023 Kelem et al.
Diabetes and Other Comorbidities: Microvascular and Macrovascular Diseases Diabetes and Cancer; Diabetes is characterized by unusually elevated blood glucose or levels of sugar. Dietary glucose is produced, and insulin is the hormone that aids glucose entry into cells to provide energy. The occurrence of type 1 diabetes occurs when insulin production does not take place in the body, and type 2 diabetes happens when the body does not appropriately utilize insulin. Persistent abnormal functions and continuous injury to vital organs such as eyes, blood vessels, nerves, kidneys, and heart are the foremost characteristic features of chronic diabetes. Genes related to diabetes risk include TCF7L2, which distress insulin secretion and glucose production. The development of diabetes is mainly associated with various pathogenic processes. In recent years, the prevalence of diabetes and cancer has risen dramatically. Obesity, a sedentary lifestyle, smoking, and aging are frequent hazard issues for diabetes and cancer. According to a large body of epidemiological data, diabetes is a self-governing risk factor for amplified rates of several types of cancer incidence and death. People with diabetes slightly increase the incidence and mortality of several malignancies, namely, pancreatic, liver, colorectal, breast, endometrial, and bladder cancers. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2023.
Obesogens; Obesogens are chemicals that disrupt the body's normal homeostatic controls in such a way as to promote adipogenesis and lipid accumulation. They are chemicals to which individuals are exposed on an almost continuous basis, because they are ubiquitous in the environment; in the foods and beverages that we consume, in the air we breathe, and in the products we use. These agents act via numerous mechanisms, either singly or in combination with one another. These mechanisms include binding and activating or inactivating nuclear receptors, disrupting transcriptional control, interfering with normal activity of steroid and other hormones, and disrupting the normal metabolic balance controlled by the neuroendocrine system. Many obesogens are also endocrine disrupting chemicals. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Scoping review of the association of plant-based diet quality with health outcomes; Introduction: The association of plant-based dietary patterns with health outcomes has traditionally been assessed without considering nutritional value. The plant-based dietary index (PDI), first published in 2016, overcomes this limitation with both a healthful PDI (hPDI) and an unhealthful PDI (uPDI), based on the quality of plant foods consumed plus the frequency of animal foods. We sought to summarize the breadth of research using the hPDI and uPDI to gain insight into how the quality of plant-based dietary patterns might be associated with health outcomes. Methods: Scoping review of studies that used the PDI, hPDI, or uPDI to report associations with health outcomes. Multiple databases were searched from 2010 through April 2023 with 2 authors independently assessing eligibility and extracting data. In addition to assessing the association of the indices to health outcomes, we determined the frequency of concordant or discordant findings for hPDI versus PDI and for hPDI versus uPDI. Results: We included 95 articles (54% longitudinal, 37% cross-sectional, and 9% case–control) with a median sample size of 3,646. Higher hPDI levels were associated with favorable health outcomes in 36% of comparisons (most often for obesity, mortality, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and psychiatric disorders), compared to 25% for the PDI and only 2% for the uPDI. Conversely, higher levels of the uPDI were associated with unfavorable health outcomes in 33% of comparisons, in contrast to under 1% for the hPDI and 2% for the PDI. When the hPDI association to an outcome was discordant with the uPDI or PDI, the significance and directionality always favored the hPDI over the uPDI, and nearly always favored the hPDI over the PDI. Discussion: Dietary indices that account for the quality of plant foods can show health benefits that might be missed by a generic plant-based index. A greater focus on the quality of plant foods could improve nutrition guidelines, raise awareness about the benefits of adding unrefined plant foods to the diet, and empower consumers to make incremental additions of such foods to displace unhealthy foods. We anticipate increasing use of indices that address food quality in future research. Copyright © 2023 Rosenfeld, Juszczak and Wong.
Common Pathogens Involved in Metabolic Diseases; A category of illnesses known as metabolic diseases disrupt the body’s metabolism, which is the process by which food is turned into energy that the body can use. Genetic mutations, dietary variables, or a mix of both can cause metabolic disorders. Therapy for metabolic illnesses often entails dietary and exercise changes, medication, and occasionally surgery. These disorders can help prevent problems and enhance quality of life with early detection and management. Many infections have been linked to the emergence of metabolic disorders. Although viruses have been associated with metabolic illnesses, it is crucial to remember that genetics, lifestyle choices, and environmental variables are equally important in the emergence of these conditions. Furthermore, not everyone who comes into contact with these bacteria will acquire metabolic disorders. To fully comprehend the connection between infections and metabolic illnesses, more study is required. It has been established that the billions of bacteria that inhabit the human digestive tract, known as the gut microbiota, are crucial in the emergence and treatment of metabolic illnesses. According to certain studies, dysbiosis - an imbalance in the gut microbiota - may play a role in the emergence of metabolic illnesses like diabetes, obesity, and metabolic syndrome. This chapter focuses on details about the common pathogens involved in metabolic disorders. © 2024 selection and editorial matter, Seth K. Amponsah, Emmanuel K. Ofori, Yashwant V. Pathak; individual chapters, the contributors.
Impact of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on the gene expression of peroxisome proliferator activated receptors-γ, α and fibroblast growth factor-21 serum levels in patients with various presentation of metabolic conditions: a GRADE assessed systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis of clinical trials; There is some debate about the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the regulation of adipose tissue related genes. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on the gene expression of peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR-α and PPAR-γ) and serum fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF-21) levels in adults with different presentation of metabolic conditions. To identify eligible studies, a systematic search was conducted in the Cochrane Library of clinical trials, Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar up to April 2022. Eligibility criteria included a clinical trial design, omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in adults, and reporting of at least one of the study outcomes. Effect sizes were synthesized using either fixed or random methods based on the level of heterogeneity. Fifteen studies met the inclusion criteria. Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation significantly increased the PPAR-γ (10 studies) and PPAR-α (2 studies) gene expression compared to the control group (WMD: 0.24; 95% CI: 0.12, 0.35; p < 0.001 and 0.09; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.13; p < 0.001, respectively). Serum FGF-21 (8 studies) levels exhibited no significant change following omega-3 fatty acids supplementation (p = 0.542). However, a dose–response relationship emerged between the dose of omega-3 fatty acids and both PPAR-γ gene expression and serum FGF-21 levels. Overall, this study suggests that omega-3 fatty acids supplementation may have positive effects on the regulation of adipose tissue related genes in patients with various presentation of metabolic condition. Further research is needed to validate these findings and ascertain the effectiveness of this supplementation approach in this population. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?, CRD42022338344. Copyright © 2023 Ahmadi, Shirani, Abiri, Siavash, Haghighi and Akbari.
Precision Medicine in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Utility and Limitations; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the most widespread diseases in Western countries, and its incidence is constantly increasing. Epidemiological studies have shown that in the next 20 years. The number of subjects affected by T2DM will double. In recent years, owing to the development and improvement in methods for studying the genome, several authors have evaluated the association between monogenic or polygenic genetic alterations and the development of metabolic diseases and complications. In addition, sedentary lifestyle and socio-economic and pandemic factors have a great impact on the habits of the population and have significantly contributed to the increase in the incidence of metabolic disorders, obesity, T2DM, metabolic syndrome, and liver steatosis. Moreover, patients with type 2 diabetes appear to respond to antihyperglycemic drugs. Only a minority of patients could be considered true non-responders. Thus, it appears clear that the main aim of precision medicine in T2DM is to identify patients who can benefit most from a specific drug class more than from the others. Precision medicine is a discipline that evaluates the applicability of genetic, lifestyle, and environmental factors to disease development. In particular, it evaluated whether these factors could affect the development of diseases and their complications, response to diet, lifestyle, and use of drugs. Thus, the objective is to find prevention models aimed at reducing the incidence of pathology and mortality and therapeutic personalized approaches, to obtain a greater probability of response and efficacy. This review aims to evaluate the applicability of precision medicine for T2DM, a healthcare burden in many countries. © 2023 Galiero et al.
Omentin roles in physiology and pathophysiology: an up-to-date comprehensive review; Omentin (intelectin) was first detected in the visceral omental adipose tissue. It has mainly two isoforms, omentin-1 and -2, with isoform-1 being the main form in human blood. It possesses insulin-sensitizing, anti-inflammatory, anti-atherogenic, cardio-protective, and oxidative stress-decreasing effects. Omentin’s cardiovascular protective actions are caused by the improved endothelial cell survival and function, increased endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) and nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability, enhanced vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) relaxation with reduced proliferation, decreased inflammation, and suppressed oxidative stress. Omentin may also have a potential role in different cancer types and rheumatic diseases. Thus, omentin is an excellent therapeutic target in many diseases, including diabetes mellitus (DM), metabolic syndrome (MetS), cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), inflammatory diseases, and cancer. This review demonstrates the physiological functions of omentin in ameliorating insulin resistance (IR), vascular function, and inflammation and its possible share in managing obesity-linked diseases, such as metabolic disorders, DM, and cardiovascular conditions. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Worldwide vitamin D status; Vitamin D status and the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and insufficiency have been addressed in many studies covering all continents. Vitamin D deficiency, defined as a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D lower than 25nmol/L, occurs in risk groups all over the world, mainly in the Middle East, China, Mongolia, and India. Risk groups for poor vitamin D status are young children especially those with low birth weight, adolescents, pregnant and lactating women, older persons, and non-Western immigrants. A vitamin D status can be considered adequate (serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D>50nmol/L) in less than 50% of the world population at least in winter. Prevention of vitamin D deficiency requires moderate sunlight exposure, consumption of fish, fortification of foods with vitamin D, and the use of vitamin D supplements. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Transgenerational and early-life nutrition, epigenetics, and prevention of obesity; Childhood obesity and associated noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) have increased at alarming rates, such that NCDs now account for 60% of deaths globally. Preventing obesity requires the identification of the underlying risk factors and the mediating molecular and physiological mechanisms. There is now substantial observational and experimental evidence indicating that transgenerational maternal and paternal nutritional exposures modulate epigenetic processes, which lead to phenotypic alterations and influence the later risk of obesity and other NCDs. The epigenetic processes involved include DNA methylation, covalent modifications of histones, and noncoding RNAs. Such epigenetic changes are induced during development function at the level of individual Cytosine-phosphate-Guanine (CpG) dinucleotides in both gene promoter and intergenic regions. Elucidation of these epigenetic processes may permit perinatal identification of individuals most at risk of later obesity and other NCDs and aid identification of preventive, early mitigation and novel therapeutic strategies. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulation of fetoplacental growth, development and reproductive function by endocrine disrupters; Maternal endocrine homeostasis is vital to a successful pregnancy, regulated by several hormones such as human chorionic gonadotropin, estrogen, leptin, glucocorticoid, insulin, prostaglandin, and others. Endocrine stress during pregnancy can modulate nutrient availability from mother to fetus, alter fetoplacental growth and reproductive functions. Endocrine disrupters such as bisphenols (BPs) and phthalates are exposed in our daily life's highest volume. Therefore, they are extensively scrutinized for their effects on metabolism, steroidogenesis, insulin signaling, and inflammation involving obesity, diabetes, and the reproductive system. BPs have their structural similarity to 17-β estradiol and their ability to bind as an agonist or antagonist to estrogen receptors to elicit an adverse response to the function of the endocrine and reproductive system. While adults can negate the adverse effects of these endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), fetuses do not equip themselves with enzymatic machinery to catabolize their conjugates. Therefore, EDC exposure makes the fetoplacental developmental window vulnerable to programming in utero. On the one hand prenatal BPs and phthalates exposure can impair the structure and function of the ovary and uterus, resulting in placental vascular defects, inappropriate placental expression of angiogenic growth factors due to altered hypothalamic response, expression of nutrient transporters, and epigenetic changes associated with maternal endocrine stress. On the other, their exposure during pregnancy can affect the offspring's metabolic, endocrine and reproductive functions by altering fetoplacental programming. This review highlights the latest development in maternal metabolic and endocrine modulations from exposure to estrogenic mimic chemicals on subcellular and transgenerational changes in placental development and its effects on fetal growth, size, and metabolic & reproductive functions. Copyright © 2023 Basak, Varma and Duttaroy.
Diabetes as a consequence of acute pancreatitis; Diabetes is a highly prevalent disease that was initially simplified into three major types: Type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes. With the global rise in incidence of acute pancreatitis (AP), a lesser-known type of diabetes referred to as diabetes of the exocrine pancreas (DEP) is becoming more recognized. However, there is a poor understanding of the inherent relationship between diabetes and AP. There is established data about certain diseases affecting the exocrine function of the pancreas which can lead to diabetes. More specifically, there are well established guidelines for diagnosis and management of DEP caused be chronic pancreatitis. Conversely, the sequelae of AP leading to diabetes has limited recognition and data. The purpose of this review is to provide a comprehensive summary of the prevalence, epidemiology, pathophysiology and future research aims of AP-related diabetes. In addition, we propose a screening and diagnostic algorithm to aid clinicians in providing better care for their patients. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Galactooligosaccharide on PPARs/PI3K/Akt Pathway and Gut Microbiota in High-Fat and High-Sugar Diet Combined with STZ-Induced GDM Rat Model; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder, characterized by underlying glucose intolerance, diabetes onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy. Galactooligosaccharide (GOS) is essential for consumer protection as food supplementation. However, there is limited understanding of the effects of GOS on GDM. We successfully established a GDM rat model to explore GOS whether participated in PPARs/PI3K/Akt pathway and gut microbiota metabolites to treat for GDM. In this study, compared with the GDM group, GOS administration lowered the levels of TG, LDL-C, and HDL-C in rat serum, as well as improved the pathological changes pancreatic, liver, and kidney tissues. Compared with the GDM group, the protein expressions of PPARα, PPARγ, and PPARβ/δ markedly enhanced in GOS-treated groups (P < 0.01). Moreover, GOS administration upregulated the protein expressions of PPARα, PPARβ, PPARγ, PI3K, Akt, GLUT4, Bax, and Bcl2. GOS administration altered gut microbiota metabolites, including both SCFAs and BAs. Correlation analysis revealed close relationships between gut microbiota and experimental indicators. This study indicated that GOS effectively improved GDM in rats through the modulation of PPARs/PI3K/Akt pathway and gut microbiota. Thus, the GOS could be recommended as a candidate for novel therapy of GDM. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The potential of epigenetic compounds in treating diabetes; Globally, diabetes (and in particular type 2 diabetes) continues to represent a major health challenge worldwide. Despite our efforts, our understanding of the genetic and environmental events underpinning diabetes pathogenesis remains poor. Altered epigenetics has, however, been strongly associated with many aspects critical to diabetes pathogenesis, and our increased understanding in this area has resulted in the identification of several compounds with therapeutic potential in diabetes. This chapter outlines how targeting epigenetics may have significant potential benefits in the treatment of this condition. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
General and Comparative Endocrinology: An Integrative Approach; General and Comparative Endocrinology: An Integrative Approach, takes a holistic approach to endocrinology, introducing students to the diverse facets of this interdisciplinary science ranging from the medical to comparative domains, while also exploring evolutionary, environmental, and conservation specializations within the field. The textbook is founded on the principle that students interested in the health sciences will benefit from understanding how proficiency in endocrine function among a diversity of organisms contributes to advances in modern medicine. Likewise, students intrigued by comparative physiology will benefit from the wealth of knowledge derived from medical/clinical endocrinology, the historical bedrock of the field. This textbook represents the modern field of endocrinology in its totality by addressing topics and recent advances not currently discussed in other introductory endocrinology textbooks. Key Features Introduces the broad and interdisciplinary scope of endocrinology. Provides clear chapter objectives and key concepts. Includes summary and synthesis questions for each chapter that are suitable for exams and quizzes. Includes a chapter devoted to endocrine-disrupting chemicals. Describes the roles played by the endocrine system in important health challenges related to appetite regulation, obesity, diabetes, and other diseases stemming from ‘mismatches to modernity’. Integrates evolutionary and comparative approaches to hormones and health. © 2024 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Lipidomics in Clinical Diagnostics; Judging from the steadily growing number of research publications, clinical trials conducted, and commercial entities entering the market, clinical lipidomics is rapidly gaining traction. Indeed, a variety of lipid markers are already being used for routine clinical diagnostics. Examples include triglycerides, cholesterols, bile acids, vitamin D metabolites, and the latest addition: ceramides. These current lipid-based clinical diagnostics rely on single markers or small panels. Broad, comprehensive lipidomics however, as a systems-level scale depiction of (patho)physiological processes, holds enormous promise for future applications in personalized health and precision medicine. What would it take to bring such comprehensive lipidomic readouts, comprising dozens if not hundreds of lipid metabolites, to the clinics? And where could this be of clinical utility? Using inflammatory markers as example, we discuss clinical promises and barriers such as analytical quality and clinical validation. Possible solutions including community-driven efforts toward workflow harmonization and first attempts to establish reference values will be discussed. We end with an overview of existing lipid-based diagnostic applications, for a variety of disease areas. © 2023 WILEY-VCH GmbH, Boschstraße 12, 69469 Weinheim, Germany.
Relationship between dietary patterns and diabetic microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; – OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the relationship between different dietary patterns and diabetic microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This study was conducted based on the Chinese Chronic Disease and its Risk Factor Surveillance System. A multi-stage stratified sampling method was used to randomly select two districts (Xing-hualing District, Taiyuan City, and Yuzi District, Jinzhong City) and two counties (Huguan County, Changzhi City, and Jiang County, Yuncheng City) from the chronic disease surveillance sites in Shanxi Province to collect general information, dietary records, physical measurements, and laboratory tests. In total, 1,227 patients were enrolled according to the study criteria. Factor analysis was performed to construct six dietary patterns, and the relationship between dietary pattern scores and type 2 diabetic microvascular complications was analysed using binary logistic regression after correcting for confounders. RESULTS: (1) Regarding the prevalence of type 2 diabetic microvascular complications and dietary characteristics, the prevalence of microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus was 55.3% and was higher in urban than in rural areas. The prevalence of diabetic kidney disease (DKD), diabetic retinopathy, and diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) were 21.4%, 12.7%, and 38.0%, respectively. (2) Six dietary patterns were constructed, namely, ‘animal protein’, ‘coarse grains and plant protein’, ‘nuts and fruits’, ‘refined grains and vegetables’, ‘dairy’, and ‘added sugars’, with factor contributions of 15.42%, 9.99%, 8.23%, 8.16%, 7.56%, and 7.28% respectively, explaining 56.64% of the total dietary variation. (3) After adjusting for confounding variables, the results of binary logistic regression indicated that patients in the highest quartile of dietary pattern scores for ‘nuts and fruits’ experienced a 43.3% lower risk of DKD compared to those in the lowest quartile [odds ratio (OR) = 0.567; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.359-0.894; p < 0.001]. Similarly, patients in the highest quartile of dietary pattern scores for ‘animal protein’ had a 42.8% lower risk of DPN compared with those in the lowest quartile (OR = 0.572; 95% CI, 0.388-0.843; p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, a ‘nuts and fruits’ dietary pattern reduces the risk of DKD and an ‘animal protein’ dietary pattern reduces the risk of DPN. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Implication of DNA methylation during lifestyle mediated weight loss; Over the past 50 years, the number of overweight/obese people increased significantly, making obesity a global public health challenge. Apart from rare monogenic forms, obesity is a multifactorial disease, most likely resulting from a concerted interaction of genetic, epigenetic and environmental factors. Although recent studies opened new avenues in elucidating the complex genetics behind obesity, the biological mechanisms contributing to individual’s risk to become obese are not yet fully understood. Non-genetic factors such as eating behaviour or physical activity are strong contributing factors for the onset of obesity. These factors may interact with genetic predispositions most likely via epigenetic mechanisms. Epigenome-wide association studies or methylome-wide association studies are measuring DNA methylation at single CpGs across thousands of genes and capture associations to obesity phenotypes such as BMI. However, they only represent a snapshot in the complex biological network and cannot distinguish between causes and consequences. Intervention studies are therefore a suitable method to control for confounding factors and to avoid possible sources of bias. In particular, intervention studies documenting changes in obesity-associated epigenetic markers during lifestyle driven weight loss, make an important contribution to a better understanding of epigenetic reprogramming in obesity. To investigate the impact of lifestyle in obesity state specific DNA methylation, especially concerning the development of new strategies for prevention and individual therapy, we reviewed 19 most recent human intervention studies. In summary, this review highlights the huge potential of targeted interventions to alter disease-associated epigenetic patterns. However, there is an urgent need for further robust and larger studies to identify the specific DNA methylation biomarkers which influence obesity. Copyright © 2023 Aurich, Müller, Kovacs and Keller.
Unraveling the associations and causalities between glucose metabolism and multiple sleep traits; Purpose: The aim of our study is to estimate the associations and causalities of glucose metabolism traits of fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and 2-h glucose post-challenge (2hGlu) with sleep traits consisting of excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS), insomnia, and sleep duration. Methods: We employed standard quantitative analysis procedures to assess the associations between sleep traits and glucose metabolism. Moreover, we acquired published genome-wide association studies (GWAS) summary statistics for these traits and conducted Mendelian randomization (MR) analyses to estimate their causal directions and effects. Inverse variance weighting (IVW) was employed as the primary approach, followed by sensitivity analyses. Results: A total of 116 studies with over 840,000 participants were included in the quantitative analysis. Our results revealed that participants with abnormal glucose metabolism had higher risks for EDS (OR [95% CI] = 1.37 [1.10,1.69]), insomnia (OR [95% CI] = 1.65 [1.24,2.20]), and both short and long sleep duration (OR [95% CI] = 1.35 [1.12,1.63]; OR [95% CI] = 1.38 [1.13,1.67] respectively). In addition, individuals with these sleep traits exhibited alterations in several glycemic traits compared with non-affected controls. In MR analysis, the primary analysis demonstrated causal effects of 2hGlu on risks of EDS (OR [95% CI] = 1.022 [1.002,1.042]) and insomnia (OR [95% CI] = 1.020[1.001,1.039]). Furthermore, FINS was associated with short sleep duration (OR [95% CI] = 1.043 [1.018,1.068]), which reversely presented a causal influence on HbA1c (β [95% CI] = 0.131 [0.022,0.239]). These results were confirmed by sensitivity analysis. Conclusion: Our results suggested mutual risk and causal associations between the sleep traits and glycemic traits, shedding new light on clinical strategies for preventing sleep disorders and regulating glucose metabolism. Future studies targeting these associations may hold a promising prospect for public health. Copyright © 2023 Yi, Fei, Chen, Zhao, Liu, Jian, Liu, He, Su and Zhang.
Effectiveness of Myo- and d-chiro-inositol in the treatment of metabolic disorders; Metabolic disorders constitute a heterogenous clustering of clinical conditions, which have been associated with an increased risk for developing various chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, as well as with adversely affecting quality of life and longevity. Obesity and diabetes mellitus, sharing a common pathophysiological route with insulin resistance and adipose tissue dysfunction standing centrally, are two of the most representative constituents of metabolic disease, currently affecting hundreds of millions of individuals of all ages globally. Thus, they represent a huge public health challenge that has to be effectively addressed immediately. In this context, inositol, due to its physiological role in energy homeostasis and particularly in insulin signaling, has been acknowledged as potential therapeutic target. Although it seems to primarily target and ameliorate insulin resistance, its effects are rather pleiotropic and associated with beneficial outcomes in clinical practice. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Administration of Akebia Saponin D Improved Blood Lipid Levels and Pregnancy Outcomes in Mice with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent and severe metabolic disease in pregnant women that is characterized by a high incidence. Placental oxidative stress and inflammation are recognized as the primary contributors to GDM pathogenesis. The repressive effect of akebia saponin D (ASD) on oxidative stress and inflammation has been demonstrated in various diseases. Aims: To investigate the impact of ASD on GDM. Study Design: Animal experimental study. Methods: GDM mice were intraperitoneally treated with ASD. The effect of ASD on GDM symptoms, blood lipid levels, pancreatic tissue damage, gestational outcomes, oxidative stress, and inflammation was assessed via intraperitoneal glucose and insulin tolerance tests, serum glucose and insulin level determination, lipid biochemistry analysis, pathological staining, oxidative stress evaluation, western blot analysis, and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: ASD reduced the GDM-induced increase in body weight and blood glucose levels while restoring the decreased insulin levels associated with GDM. In addition, ASD improved the serum lipid parameters, pancreatic tissue damage, and gestational outcomes in GDM mice. Furthermore, ASD reversed the decreased levels of superoxide dismutase and glutathione while reducing the elevated concentrations of malondialdehyde and myeloperoxidase in GDM mice. In addition, ASD rescued the relative protein expression of nuclear factor-E2-related factor 2 and heme oxygenase-1 in the placenta of GDM mice. Additionally, ASD counteracted the increase in tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin (IL)-6, and IL-1β levels in the sera and placenta of GDM mice. Conclusion: ASD suppressed oxidative stress and inflammation to effectively relieve symptoms and gestational outcomes of the GDM mice. © @Author(s).
Association between MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism and gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese population: a meta-analysis; Background and purpose: The relationship of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene C677T polymorphism with the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the Chinese population remains controversial. This study aimed to further clarify the effect of the MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism on GDM risk among Chinese pregnant women based on current evidence. Methods: Several databases were searched up to July 29, 2023 for relevant case-control studies. The numbers of patients with and without the T allele of the MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism in the GDM and control groups were determined, and all statistical analyses were performed by RevMan 5.3 software and STATA 15.0 software. Trial sequential analysis (TSA) was performed by TSA version 0.9 beta software to determine the required information size. Results: A total of 17 case-control studies involving 12345 Chinese participants were included. The pooled results demonstrated that the T allele of the MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM, which was manifested by the five gene models of the MTHFR C677T polymorphism [T vs. C: odds ratio (OR)=1.59, P=0.03; TT vs. CC: OR=2.24, P<0.001; TC vs. CC: OR=1.28, P=0.05; (TT+TC) vs. CC: OR=1.55, P=0.003; TT vs. (TC+CC): OR=1.89, P<0.001]. Subgroup analysis based on the regions indicated that the significant relationship between the T allele of the MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism and an increased risk of GDM was detected only among the southern population [T vs. C: OR=1.62, P=0.09; TT vs. CC: OR=2.22, P=0.004; TC vs. CC: OR=1.17, P=0.28; (TT+TC) vs. CC: OR=1.43, P=0.03; TT vs. (TC+CC): OR=1.97, P=0.006]. TSA plots showed that the information sizes for the association between the MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism and GDM risk were sufficient in the homozygote (TT vs. CC) and recessive (TT vs. TC+CC) models. Conclusion: The MTHFR gene C677T polymorphism is closely related to susceptibility to GDM in the southern Chinese population, and the C-T mutation serves as an important genetic risk factor for GDM. More well-designed large case-control studies are needed to further confirm the above findings. Copyright © 2023 Tan and Chen.
Diabetes mellitus promotes susceptibility to periodontitis—novel insight into the molecular mechanisms; Diabetes mellitus is a main risk factor for periodontitis, but until now, the underlying molecular mechanisms remain unclear. Diabetes can increase the pathogenicity of the periodontal microbiota and the inflammatory/host immune response of the periodontium. Hyperglycemia induces reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and enhances oxidative stress (OS), exacerbating periodontal tissue destruction. Furthermore, the alveolar bone resorption damage and the epigenetic changes in periodontal tissue induced by diabetes may also contribute to periodontitis. We will review the latest clinical data on the evidence of diabetes promoting the susceptibility of periodontitis from epidemiological, molecular mechanistic, and potential therapeutic targets and discuss the possible molecular mechanistic targets, focusing in particular on novel data on inflammatory/host immune response and OS. Understanding the intertwined pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and periodontitis can explain the cross-interference between endocrine metabolic and inflammatory diseases better, provide a theoretical basis for new systemic holistic treatment, and promote interprofessional collaboration between endocrine physicians and dentists. Copyright © 2023 Zhao, Xie, Gao, Li, Ye and Li.
Autophagy and diabetes; The current literature findings on autophagy’s beneficial and detrimental roles in diabetes mellitus (DM) and diabetes-related comorbidities were reviewed. The effects of oral hypoglycaemic medicines and autophagy in DM. Autophagy plays an important function in cellular homeostasis by promoting cell survival or initiating cell death in physiological settings was also assessed. Although autophagy protects insulin-target tissues, organelle failure caused by autophagy malfunction influences DM and other metabolic diseases. Endoplasmic reticulum and oxidative stress enhance autophagy levels, making it easier to regulate stress-induced intracellular changes. Evidence suggests that autophagy-caused cell death can occur when autophagy is overstimulated and constitutively activated, which might prevent or develop DM. Even though the precise role of autophagy in DM complications is uncertain, deregulation of the autophagic machinery is strongly linked to beta cell destruction and the aetiology of DM. Thus, improving autophagy dysfunction is a possible therapeutic objective in treating DM and other metabolic disorders. © The Author(s) 2023.
Assessment of Infantile Psychomotor Development Status in 6 and 12-Month-Old IUGR Infants: A Historical Cohort Study; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is responsible for different post-natal adverse outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the post-natal psychomotor development status in 6 and 12-month-old IUGR infants who received early preventive interventions. A historical cohort study was done at an Iranian Hospital (2019). The case group included one-year-old infants with a history of IUGR at birth. This group was visited every 2 months to evaluate their growth and neurodevelopmental status. Their parents had also received some training to improve their infant's sensory and motor skills. The control group comprised one-year-old healthy infants with a history of appropriate for gestational age (AGA) at birth. Data related to psychomotor developmental indices based on the ASQ questionnaire at 6 and 12-month for both groups was extracted from subjects' records. Infants' psychomotor development status was compared between groups. Forty-one infants with a history of IUGR and 43 healthy control infants were included in this study. There were significant differences between 2 groups associated with abnormalities in all evaluated psychomotor skills, including gross motor (P=0.014), problem-solving ability (P=0.049), communication (P=0.031), fine motor (P=0.016) and personal-social (P=0.016) at 6 months. After one year of family-based interventions for the case group, significant differences between groups were notable in only fine motor (P=0.016) and personal-social skills (P=0.031). At 12 months, the psychomotor disorders related to gross motor, problem-solving ability, and communication were significantly alleviated in the IUGR group. Early preventive family-based interventions can improve the neurodevelopmental outcomes in 12-month-old IUGR infants. © 2023 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Astragalus improves intestinal barrier function and immunity by acting on intestinal microbiota to treat T2DM: a research review; Diabetes is a significant chronic endocrine/metabolism disorder that can result in a number of life-threatening consequences. According to research, the gut microbiota is strongly linked to the development of diabetes, making it a viable target for diabetes treatment. The intestinal microbiota affects intestinal barrier function, organism immunity, and thus glucose metabolism and lipid metabolism. According to research, a disruption in the intestinal microbiota causes a decrease in short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), alters the metabolism of bile acids (BAs), branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and endotoxin secretion, resulting in insulin resistance, chronic inflammation, and the progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Astragali Radix is a medicinal herb of the same genus as food that has been extensively researched for treating diabetes mellitus with promising results in recent years. Polysaccharides, saponins, flavonoids, and other components are important. Among them, Astragaloside has a role in protecting the cellular integrity of the pancreas and liver, can leading to alleviation of insulin resistance and reducing blood glucose and triglyceride (TC) levels; The primary impact of Astragalus polysaccharides (APS) on diabetes is a decrease in insulin resistance, encouragement of islet cell proliferation, and suppression of islet β cell death; Astragali Radix flavonoids are known to enhance immunity, anti-inflammatory, regulate glucose metabolism and control the progression of diabetes. This study summarizes recent studies on Astragali Radix and its group formulations in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus by modulating the intestinal microbiota. Copyright © 2023 Su, Tang, Tang, Long, Wang and Liu.
Translating Evidence to Real-World Reproducibility and Specific Evidence for Nutraceuticals; The nutraceutical industry has a market cap of 111.9 billion USD in the United States and 454.6 billion USD globally in 2021 and is forecasted to grow 7.5% annually from 2021-2030. This chapter highlights evidence regarding the efficacy and effectiveness of some nutraceuticals used to manage anxiety and the gut microbiome. Popular nutraceuticals discussed include cannabidiol, B vitamins, magnesium, fatty acids, vitamin D, Melissa officinalis, prebiotics, probiotics, postbiotics, and synbiotics. We reviewed several systematic reviews, meta-analyses, randomized controlled trials etc., to appraise the evidence supporting these nutraceuticals. This chapter highlights that while these nutraceuticals have shown promise in improving anxiety and other conditions, further robust research is needed regarding the efficacy, dose, method of delivery, adverse events, and mechanism of action of many of the nutraceuticals. © 2024 Yashwant V. Pathak, Sarvadaman Pathak, and Con Stough.
The correlation between two potentially antagonistic human adipocytokines, WISP-1 and CTRP1, and their association with insulin resistance; Introduction and Objective. Wnt-1 signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP-1) and complement-C1q TNF-related protein 1 (CTRP1) are adipokines with possible opposite effects in regulating insulin sensitivity. The study investigated the correlation between circulating WISP-1 and CTRP1 in non-diabetic patients. Correlations between adipokines concentrations and biochemical and anthropometric parameters were also studied. Materials and method. The cross-sectional study enrolled 107 adult patients without diabetes. Patients with obesity accounted for 52.3% of the study group. Clinical, anthropometric, and laboratory data, including serum levels of WISP-1 and CTRP1, were obtained. Results. The moderate positive correlation between serum WISP-1 and CTRP1 concentrations was observed (p<0.000001, r=0.49). The correlation was more substantial in non-obese patients than in the obese group (r=0.66 and r=0.36, respectively; p<0.01). Circulating CTRP1 correlated positively with fasting insulin, Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol (p<0.05). WISP-1 level correlated with total cholesterol and HDL cholesterol concentrations (p<0.05). There was no significant difference in WISP-1 and CTRP1 concentrations between the groups with and without insulin resistance. The concentrations of WISP-1 and CTRP1 were significantly higher in females than in males (p<0.05). Conclusions. WISP-1 and CTRP1 may represent interrelated factors that antagonistically affect insulin resistance. © 2023, Institute of Agricultural Medicine. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity and its repercussions on melatonin and cortisol in breast milk and human colostrum; Introduction: scientific evidence has highlighted the role of chronobiological disruptions in promoting obesity through mechanisms involving important circadian rhythm hormones: melatonin and cortisol. These hormones are present in human colostrum and serve as crucial maternal and child protection mechanisms against obesity and childhood infections, owing to the intense interaction between mother and child during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Consequently, the melatonin and cortisol hormones present in human colostrum hold promise as potential candidates for yielding clinically applicable results and supporting future intervention strategies aimed at reducing obesity and neonatal infections. However, there is a scarcity of literature on this subject. Objective: the objective of this study is to describe the impact of maternal obesity on the levels and/or actions of melatonin and cortisol in colostrum and breast milk. Methods: a systematic review of the scientific literature was conducted following the recommendations outlined in the PRISMA protocol. Original articles published in English were searched in the PubMed, Medline, Lilacs, and Scopus databases. There were no restrictions on the publication year. Results: a total of 37 articles were identified from the searched databases. After removing duplicates and applying the inclusion and exclusion criteria, only five studies were relevant to the topic: two studies addressing melatonin and three studies analyzing cortisol. This review revealed that melatonin levels are elevated in the colostrum of obese women, and for this particular group, it has the potential to restore phagocyte activity and increase lymphocyte proliferation. Studies on cortisol have demonstrated that maternal obesity does not alter the levels of this hormone in breast milk. Conclusion: breastfeeding should be encouraged for all populations, and further original research should be conducted to elucidate the protective mechanisms of colostrum and breast milk. © The authors (2023), this article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made. The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.
Phytochemicals and Medicinal Importance of Nelumbo nucifera; The aesthetic and medicinal benefits of the sacred lotus, Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn., have been recognized for more than 2,000 years. It is cultivated in many areas of the world. The plant’s various parts (petals, seeds, leaves, and roots) have several nutritional and phytochemical profiles. Several chronic conditions have been treated with this plant, including cancer, anxiety, neurological disorder, insomnia, and cardiovascular disease. There is therapeutic value in its leaves and flowers. The derived bioactive compounds from these plant parts belong to several chemical groups, including alkaloids, flavonoids, essential oils, glycosides, terpenoids, minerals, and vitamins, all of which have therapeutic effects of their own. Thus, different parts of N. nucifera have distinct pharmacological effects and contain different active ingredients. This chapter gives a general overview of the traditional uses, phytochemistry, and therapeutic potentials of different parts of N. nucifera, namely, seeds, rhizomes, leaves, and flowers. Several phytoconstituents isolated from various parts of this plant are also discussed in this review, including their therapeutic uses. Moreover, this chapter provides an overview of the new perspectives and challenges facing research into the lotus. © 2024 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Prevalence and associated factors of hyperuricemia among Chinese patients with diabetes: a cross-sectional study; Background: As a part of metabolic syndrome, hyperuricemia has a higher incidence in patients with diabetes than in the general population owing to various underlying factors. Objectives: The objective of the present study was to investigate the prevalence of hyperuricemia among patients with diabetes and identify associated factors. Design: A cross-sectional study. Methods: Herein, we included patients with diabetes managed at nine healthcare centers in Chenghua District, Chengdu, from February 2021 to November 2021. Clinical data, lifestyle habits, and laboratory data were collected to determine the prevalence and factors associated with hyperuricemia. Results: In total, we included 1577 patients with diabetes (males, 50.35%; females, 49.65%). The median serum uric acid level was 337.9 μmol/L, and the prevalence of hyperuricemia in patients with diabetes was 21.24%. The prevalence of hyperuricemia in male patients was significantly higher than in females (29.35% in males versus 13.03% in females, p < 0.001). Male patients with obesity (p = 0.006) or triglyceride (TG) ⩾ 1.7 mmol/L (p < 0.001) had a high risk of developing hyperuricemia, and hyperuricemia was negatively associated with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ⩾ 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 (p < 0.001), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) ⩾ 7% (p < 0.001), fenofibrate (p = 0.010), and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors (p = 0.035). Considering females, overweight (p = 0.004), alanine transaminase (ALT) > 40 U/L (p < 0.001), and TG ⩾ 1.7 mmol/L (p = 0.015) showed a significant positive correlation with hyperuricemia, while eGFR ⩾ 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 (p < 0.001) was negatively associated with the risk of hyperuricemia. Conclusion: Hyperuricemia is highly prevalent in patients with diabetes, especially in males. In addition to traditionally associated factors, fenofibrate and SGLT-2 inhibitors were also associated with the risk of hyperuricemia. Registration: The study protocol was registered in the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (http://www.chictr.org.cn/), and the registration number was ChiCTR 2100042742. © The Author(s), 2023.
Vitamin D, obesity, the metabolic syndrome and its sequelae; The increased risk of vitamin D deficiency in obesity is well established. There is substantial variation in the estimated strength of the association between different population groups, likely reflecting methodological issues in measuring adiposity and 25(OH)D concentrations. Genetic studies have shown that higher body mass index (BMI) is a causal risk factor for low 25(OH)D concentrations. Clinical trial evidence for benefits of vitamin D supplementation in terms of affecting weight gain or adiposity remains limited. Some trials, typically with concomitant calcium supplementation and low calcium intakes, have suggested potential reductions in central fat deposits. Vitamin D supplementation is less effective in increasing 25(OH)D concentrations in obese compared with normal-weight participants. Evidence of harm by vitamin D deficiency is becoming well established. At the physiological and biochemical levels, active hormonal vitamin D has many mechanistic associations that may help counteract ill effects of obesity. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Molecular pathways and nutrigenomic review of insulin resistance development in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a condition marked by raised blood sugar levels and insulin resistance that usually occurs during the second or third trimester of pregnancy. According to the World Health Organization, hyperglycemia affects 16.9% of pregnancies worldwide. Dietary changes are the primarily alternative treatment for gestational diabetes mellitus. This paper aims to perform an exhaustive overview of the interaction between diet, gene expression, and the metabolic pathways related to insulin resistance. The intake of foods rich in carbohydrates can influence the gene expression of glycolysis, as well as foods rich in fat, can disrupt the beta-oxidation and ketogenesis pathways. Furthermore, vitamins and minerals are related to inflammatory processes regulated by the TLR4/NF-κB and one carbon metabolic pathways. We indicate that diet regulated gene expression of PPARα, NOS, CREB3L3, IRS, and CPT I, altering cellular physiological mechanisms and thus increasing or decreasing the risk of gestational diabetes. The alteration of gene expression can cause inflammation, inhibition of fatty acid transport, or on the contrary help in the modulation of ketogenesis, improve insulin sensitivity, attenuate the effects of glucotoxicity, and others. Therefore, it is critical to comprehend the metabolic changes of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus, to determine nutrients that help in the prevention and treatment of insulin resistance and its long-term consequences. Copyright © 2023 Guevara-Ramírez, Paz-Cruz, Cadena-Ullauri, Ruiz-Pozo, Tamayo-Trujillo, Felix, Simancas-Racines and Zambrano.
Supplementation with the Probiotic Strains Bifidobacterium longum and Lactiplantibacillus rhamnosus Alleviates Glucose Intolerance by Restoring the IL-22 Response and Pancreatic Beta Cell Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetic Mice; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is known as adult-onset diabetes, but recently, T2D has increased in the number of younger people, becoming a major clinical burden in human society. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of Bifidobacterium and Lactiplantibacillus strains derived from the feces of 20 healthy humans on T2D development and to understand the mechanism underlying any positive effects of probiotics. We found that Bifidobacterium longum NBM7-1 (Chong Kun Dang strain 1; CKD1) and Lactiplantibacillus rhamnosus NBM17-4 (Chong Kun Dang strain 2; CKD2) isolated from the feces of healthy Korean adults (n = 20) have anti-diabetic effects based on the insulin sensitivity. During the oral gavage for 8 weeks, T2D mice were supplemented with anti-diabetic drugs (1.0–10 mg/kg body weight) to four positive and negative control groups or four probiotics (200 uL; 1 × 109 CFU/mL) to groups separately or combined to the four treatment groups (n = 6 per group). While acknowledging the relatively small sample size, this study provides valuable insights into the potential benefits of B. longum NBM7-1 and L. rhamnosus NBM17-4 in mitigating T2D development. The animal gene expression was assessed using a qRT-PCR, and metabolic parameters were assessed using an ELISA assay. We demonstrated that B. longum NBM7-1 in the CKD1 group and L. rhamnosus NBM17-4 in the CKD2 group alleviate T2D development through the upregulation of IL-22, which enhances insulin sensitivity and pancreatic functions while reducing liver steatosis. These findings suggest that B. longum NBM7-1 and L. rhamnosus NBM17-4 could be the candidate probiotics for the therapeutic treatments of T2D patients as well as the prevention of type 2 diabetes. © 2023, This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Can Antidiabetic Medications Affect Telomere Length in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes? A Mini-Review; The fight against aging is an eternal pursuit of humankind. The aging rate of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is higher than that of healthy individuals. Reducing the aging rate of patients with T2DM and extending their life expectancy are challenges that endocrinologists are eager to overcome. Many studies have shown that antidiabetic medications have potent anti-aging potential. Telomeres are repetitive DNA sequences located at the ends of chromosomes, and telomere shortening is a hallmark of aging. This review summarizes clinical trials that have explored the association between antidiabetic medications and telomere length (TL) in patients with T2DM and explore the mystery of delaying aging in patients with T2DM from the perspective of telomeres. Various antidiabetic medications may have different effects on TL in patients with T2DM. Metformin and sitagliptin may protect telomeres in patients with T2DM, while exogenous insulin may promote telomere shortening in patients with T2DM. The effect of acarbose and glyburide on TL in patients with T2DM is still uncertain due to the absence of evidence from longitudinal studies. © 2023 Qin.
Integration of clinical demographics and routine laboratory analysis parameters for early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications in pregnancy, impairing both maternal and fetal health in short and long term. As early interventions are considered desirable to prevent GDM, this study aims to develop a simple-to-use nomogram based on multiple common risk factors from electronic medical health records (EMHRs). A total of 924 pregnant women whose EMHRs were available at Peking University International Hospital from January 2022 to October 2022 were included. Clinical demographics and routine laboratory analysis parameters at 8-12 weeks of gestation were collected. A novel nomogram was established based on the outcomes of multivariate logistic regression. The nomogram demonstrated powerful discrimination (the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve = 0.7542), acceptable agreement (Hosmer-Lemeshow test, P = 0.3214) and favorable clinical utility. The C-statistics of 10-Fold cross validation, Leave one out cross validation and Bootstrap were 0.7411, 0.7357 and 0.7318, respectively, indicating the stability of the nomogram. A novel nomogram based on easily-accessible parameters was developed to predict GDM in early pregnancy, which may provide a paradigm for repurposing clinical data and benefit the clinical management of GDM. There is a need for prospective multi-center studies to validate the nomogram before employing the nomogram in real-world clinical practice. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Dai, Zhang, Sun, Sun, Wang, Li and Zhang.
Obese Patients With Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Have an Increase in Soluble Plasma CD163 and a Concurrent Decrease in Hepatic Expression of CD163; Background and Aims: Macrophages play an important role in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and its progression to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). In this study, we investigated the hepatic expression of the macrophage scavenger receptor CD163 and the plasma level of its shed soluble form (sCD163) in patients with obesity and NASH, non-NASH NAFLD (NAFL), or healthy livers (no NAFLD). Methods: Paired liver biopsies and plasma samples were collected from 61 patients with obesity (body mass index ≥35). Hepatic expression of CD163 was analyzed by immunohistochemistry and data-independent acquisition mass spectrometry, whilst plasma levels of sCD163 were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and data-independent acquisition mass spectrometry. NAFLD stage and activity were assessed using the Kleiner fibrosis and NASH Clinical Research Network (NAS-CRN) scoring system. Results: sCD163 turned out as a promising predictor of NASH with an area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve of 0.78 [0.65;0.92] (P = .0008). sCD163 increased with more severe NAFLD both in univariate (odds ratio [OR] = 3.31[1.80;6.11], P < .001) and multivariable ordinal logistic regression adjusting for NAFLD risk factors (OR = 2.02 [1.03;3.97], P = .042). On the other hand, hepatic expression of CD163 was negatively associated with more severe NAFLD in univariate ordinal logistic regression determined by immunohistochemistry (OR = 0.91[0.84;0.98], P = .015) and proteomics (OR = 0.13[0.02;0.80], P = .028). Taking NAFLD risk factors into account, hepatic expression of CD163 was only associated with the fibrosis stage (OR = 0.01 [0.0003;0.21], P = .004). Accordingly, hepatic CD163 surface expression and sCD163 were negatively correlated (rho = −0.478, P = .0001). Conclusion: An increased plasma sCD163 and a concurrent decreased hepatic expression of CD163 are strongly associated with NAFLD in obese patients. © 2023 The Authors
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - A narrative review; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.  © 2023 Sana Rafaqat et al., published by Sciendo.
The Effect of Exercise Training on Liver Fat Accumulation in Children and Adolescents in Individuals with Overweight and Obesity: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: The prevalence of obesity in children and adolescents is associated with the accumulation of liver fat. The purpose of this meta-analysis is to investigate the effect of exercise training on liver fat accumulation and insulin resistance in children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Web of Science, Google Scholar, Magiran, and NoorMags databases from the inception to January 21, 2023. The inclusion criteria for the present meta-analysis included 1) children and adolescents, 2) exercise training, 3) overweight and obesity, 4) studies with a control group or with values measured in the pre-test stage and, 4) liver fat as the main variable. To calculate the effect size, standardized mean differences (SMD), weighted mean differences (WMD), and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using the random effect model. Findings: A total, of nine studies with eighteen exercise interventions including 621 children and adolescents were included in the meta-analysis. Exercise results in a decrease in liver fat with a large effect size [SMD: -0.85 (CI: -1.26 to -0.43), P = 0.001], insulin [WMD: -1.32 µU/ml (CI: -2.35 to -0.30), P = 0.01] and insulin resistance [WMD: -0.61 (CI: -1.06 to -0.17), P = 0.007]. While the reduction of glucose was not statistically significant [WMD: -0.52 mg/dl (CI: -1.47 to 0.40), P = 0.26]. Conclusion: Exercise training results in the reduction of liver fat accumulation and improvement of insulin resistance in children and adolescents with overweight and obesity, which is recommended as a main strategy to reduce liver fat and improve metabolism. © 2023 Isfahan University of Medical Sciences(IUMS). All rights reserved.
Osteoporosis in Adrenal Insufficiency: Could Metformin be Protective?; Adrenal insufficiency (AI) is a serious disorder characterized by the adrenal glucocorticoid deficiency. Regardless of the etiology, AI patients need long-term replacement therapy for glucocorticoids and, in some cases, for mineralocorticoids. The replacement therapy cannot completely mirror the physiological secretion patterns, and therefore, glucocorticoid excess is a common sequela in AI patients. Moreover, due to the absence of the reliable clinical markers to monitor the adequacy of the replacement therapy, clinicians often over-treat the AI patients to avoid adrenal crisis. Long-term glucocorticoid use is associated with the loss of bone density and osteoporosis, increasing the risk of fractures. Moreover, glucocorticoid-induced hyperglycemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus further aggravates the bone disorders. In the recent years, ameliorating effects of metformin on glucocorticoid-induced bone disorders, as well as hyperglycemia, have been reported by a multitude of studies; and here, we reviewed and discussed the most recent findings regarding the positive effects of metformin on alleviating the bone disorders, and their implications in the AI patients. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Association of Clinical Biochemists of India.
Investigation of serum isthmin 1 concentration in pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; a case-control study; Objective: Isthmin 1 (ISM1) is an adipokine that improves hyperglycemia by increasing glucose uptake in a non-insulin-dependent manner. Studies have shown that ISM is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Based on this, we aimed to investigate serum ISM1 concentrations of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This case-control study was conducted with 80 pregnant women who applied to the Gynecology and Obstetrics Clinic of Umraniye Training and Research Hospital between April 2022 and November 2022. While 40 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM according to 75 g OGTT results formed the GDM group, 40 pregnant women with normal OGTT results formed the control group. The two groups were compared in terms of serum ISM1 concentrations. Results: Both groups were similar in terms of demographic characteristics (p > 0.05). Fasting blood glucose levels, 1st-hour and 2nd-hour blood glucose levels in 75 g OGTT, fasting insulin levels, and HOMA-IR were significantly higher in the GDM group (p > 0.05, for each). Both groups were similar in terms of maternal waist circumference, periumbilical, and epigastric subcutaneous adipose tissue thickness (p > 0.05, for each). Both groups were similar in terms of the gestational week at blood sampling for ISM1 (p = 0.253). The median maternal serum ISM1 concentration was found to be 3243.94 pg/ml in the GDM group, while it was determined as 2785.29 pg/ml in the non-GDM group (p = 0.026). ROC analysis was performed to determine the value of maternal serum ISM1 concentration in predicting GDM. AUC analysis of maternal serum ISM1 for estimation of GDM was 0.645 (p = 0.026, 95% CI = 0.523 − 0.766). The optimal threshold value for maternal serum ISM1 concentration was determined as 3124.41 pg/ml with 62.5% sensitivity and 62.5% specificity. Conclusions: Serum ISM1 concentrations were found to be higher in pregnant women with GDM than in healthy controls. Whether or how ISM1 participates in the pathophysiology of GDM remains to be investigated. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Therapeutic Effect of Tinospora cordifolia (Willd) Extracts on Letrozole-Induced Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and its Complications in Murine Model; Background: Tinosopora cordifolia (Willd) (TC) is commonly used in Ayurvedic medicine since long time for number of ailments and its preparations are also considered by food safety and standards authority of India as nutritional supplement. However the scientific evidence on its possible safety and efficacy in polycystic ovarian syndrome and associated complications was not studied in detail. Objectives: The purpose of this investigation is to examine whether or not TC can have therapeutic effects on letrozole induced PCOS and related complications such as body weight, dyslipidaemia, glucose tolerance, hormonal regulation, insulin resistance and sensitivity, severity of PCOS and histopathological changes in ovary using mice animal model. Design: Present study is a preclinical study involving laboratory animals. Methods and analysis: After verifying the absence of PCOS, the animals began receiving Letrozole, which lasted for 21 days. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), triglycerides, cholesterol, and weight were recorded. The levels of hormones like oestrogen, progesterone, insulin, testosterone, luteinising hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), histopathology was carried out. Ethics: The Institutional Animal Ethics Committee at DITU gave its clearance to the animal experimentation on July 10, 2021 (DITU/IAEC/21-22/07-06). Discussion: The majority of cornified epithelial cells were seen in groups treated with TC extract during the estrous phase of the cycle. Mice exposed to TC retained normal body weight. FBG, 1- and 2-hour OGTT, triglyceride and cholesterol levels were all significantly improved by extracts. Estradiol, progesterone, testosterone, insulin, LH and FSH concentration were all corrected in TC-treated animals. The HOMA-IR, HOMA-Beta and QUICKI values were also corrected with TC extracts. The morphological and microscopic features of the ovary were also greatly enhanced. Based on these findings, we conclude that treating PCOS mice with TC extracts significantly ameliorates the disease and severity down to nil-to-moderate levels by reducing hyperinsulinemia, hyperandrogenism, dyslipidaemia, enhancing insulin sensitivity, correcting oestrogen, progesterone, LH and FSH levels via enhanced ovarian function. Further molecular and cellular level of study is recommended for further elaboration of mechanism of action. Plain language summaries: • Tinospora cordifolia satva, oil and hydroalcoholic extract were studied in letrozole-induced PCOS in mice model • Anti PCOS efficacy of 3 preparations studied with respect to their mechanism of action in detail • For the first time proposing method of calculating severity of PCOS in animal model • Tinospora cordifolia oil preparation completely reversed PCOS effect of letrozole and made them normal • Histopathological and morphological studies support the biochemical claims. © The Author(s) 2023.
Role of transcription factor FOXM1 in diabetes and its complications (Review); Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease commonly associated with complications such as cardiovascular disease, nephropathy and neuropathy, the incidence of which is increasing yearly. Transcription factor forkhead box M1 (FOXM1) serves an important role in development of diabetes and its complications. The present study aimed to review the association between FOXM1 with pathogenesis of diabetes and its complications. FOXM1 may be involved in development and progression of diabetes and its complications by regulating cell biological processes such as cell cycle, DNA damage repair, cell differentiation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition. FOXM1 is involved in regulation of insulin secretion and insulin resistance, and FOXM1 affects insulin secretion by regulating expression of insulin-related genes and signaling pathways; FOXM1 is involved in the inflammatory response in diabetes, and FOXM1 can regulate key genes associated with inflammatory response and immune cells, which in turn affects occurrence and development of the inflammatory response; finally, FOXM1 is involved in the regulation of diabetic complications such as cardiovascular disease, nephropathy and neuropathy. In summary, the transcription factor FOXM1 serves an important role in development of diabetes and its complications. Future studies should explore the mechanism of FOXM1 in diabetes and find new targets of FOXM1 as a potential treatment for diabetes and its complications. Copyright © 2023 Zhao et al.
Prevention and Management of Cardiovascular and Metabolic Disease: Diet, Physical Activity and Healthy Aging; This authoritative textbook examines the independent and combined impact of diet and physical activity in the prevention and management of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, with special emphasis on the elderly populations. In this book the authors: • Provide the latest data on the association between a suboptimal diet and physical inactivity and chronic disease. • Examine the role of epigenetics on longevity. • Discuss the fundamentals of healthy aging. • Highlight the role of well-known dietary patterns such as the Mediterranean diet and the Nordic diet in favorable health outcomes, including cardiovascular, metabolic health, and healthy aging. • Discuss the health outcomes of physical activity and healthy aging. • Present the most recent evidence-based data on the independent and synergistic impact of diet and exercise on disease prevention and management including, heart disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, kidney failure, cancer and other conditions. Prevention and Management of Cardiovascular and Metabolic Disease: Diet, Physical Activity and Healthy Aging is an excellent textbook for upper-level undergraduate and graduate students in medical and health-related disciplines and for health professionals, including dietitians and nutritionists, exercise physiologists, athletic trainers, nurses, physicians, geriatricians, and other health professionals with a special focus in older adults. This book is also a highly useful reference for health professionals interested in introducing diet and physical activity as an intervention for healthy aging as well as the prevention and management of cardiovascular and other metabolic diseases that are prevalent in aging populations. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pathophysiology of Type 2 Diabetes; In former times, type 2 diabetes (T2D) was considered a disease associated with disruptions in the functioning of the pancreas. Later on, a surfeit of evidence revealed a series of additional factors that contribute to this annihilating disease. The understanding of T2D has evolved from recognizing the duo of pancreatic β-cell failure with defective insulin secretion and insulin resistance (IR) to the triumvirate with the addition of hepatic gluconeogenesis. Recently, the ominous octet (addition of deranged adipocyte metabolism, incretin defect, increased glucagon secretion, increased renal glucose reabsorption, neurotransmitter dysfunction, and central appetite dysregulation) and later the dirty dozen (addition of dopamine, vitamin D, testosterone, and renin-angiotensin system) elaborated on the prior simplistic disease models. Furthermore, with the addition of the gut, the unlucky Thirteen suggests that the contributing factors towards T2D pathogenesis are still in the process of being identified (DeFronzo, Diabetes 37(6):667–687, 1988; DeFronzo, Diabetes Rev 5:177–269, 1997; DeFronzo, Diabetes 58(4):773–795, 2009; DeFronzo et al., Diabetes Spectr 27(2):100–112, 2014; Kalra, J Pak Med Assoc 63(2):277–280, 2013; Kalra et al., Indian J Endocrinol Metab 17(3):367, 2013; Somasundaram et al., Jacobs J Diabetes Endocrinol 2(1):12, 2016; Kahn et al., Lancet 383(9922):1068–1083, 2014; Nolan et al., Lancet 378(9786):169–181, 2011). In this chapter, we will explore the various factors that have been identified or are being proposed as the underlying contributors to the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of T2D. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019, 2023.
Association between per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and risk of hypertension: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Existing evidence indicates that exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) may increase the risk of hypertension, but the findings are inconsistent. Therefore, we aimed to explore the relationship between PFASs and hypertension through this systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, and the Web of Science databases for articles published in English that examined the relationship between PFASs and hypertension before 13 August 2022. The random effects model was used to aggregate the evaluation using Stata 15.0 for Windows. We also conducted subgroup analyses by region and hypertension definition. In addition, a sensitivity analysis was carried out to determine the robustness of the findings. Results: The meta-analysis comprised 15 studies in total with 69,949 individuals. The risk of hypertension was substantially and positively correlated with exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) (OR = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.14, 1.51), perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) (OR = 1.16, 95% CI: 1.07, 1.26), and perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS) (OR = 1.04, 95% CI: 1.00, 1.09). However, perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA) exposure and hypertension were not significantly associated (OR = 1.08, 95% CI: 0.99, 1.17). Conclusion: We evaluated the link between PFASs exposure and hypertension and discovered that higher levels of PFOS, PFOA, and PFHxS were correlated with an increased risk of hypertension. However, further high-quality population-based and pathophysiological investigations are required to shed light on the possible mechanism and demonstrate causation because of the considerable variability. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/ PROSPERO, registration number: CRD 42022358142. Copyright © 2023 Xiao, An, Lv, Sun, Sun, Liu, Liu and Guo.; (Figure presented.) Copyright © 2023 Xiao, An, Lv, Sun, Sun, Liu, Liu and Guo.
Adipokines in atherosclerosis: unraveling complex roles; Adipokines are biologically active factors secreted by adipose tissue that act on local and distant tissues through autocrine, paracrine, and endocrine mechanisms. However, adipokines are believed to be involved in an increased risk of atherosclerosis. Classical adipokines include leptin, adiponectin, and ceramide, while newly identified adipokines include visceral adipose tissue-derived serpin, omentin, and asprosin. New evidence suggests that adipokines can play an essential role in atherosclerosis progression and regression. Here, we summarize the complex roles of various adipokines in atherosclerosis lesions. Representative protective adipokines include adiponectin and neuregulin 4; deteriorating adipokines include leptin, resistin, thrombospondin-1, and C1q/tumor necrosis factor-related protein 5; and adipokines with dual protective and deteriorating effects include C1q/tumor necrosis factor-related protein 1 and C1q/tumor necrosis factor-related protein 3; and adipose tissue-derived bioactive materials include sphingosine-1-phosphate, ceramide, and adipose tissue-derived exosomes. However, the role of a newly discovered adipokine, asprosin, in atherosclerosis remains unclear. This article reviews progress in the research on the effects of adipokines in atherosclerosis and how they may be regulated to halt its progression. 2023 Luo, He, Li, Lv, Cai, Ke, Niu and Zhang.
Population-Based Clinical Sudies Using Routinely Collected Data in Hong Kong, China: A Systematic Review of Trends and Established Local Practices; Background: Routinely collected health data are increasingly used in clinical research. No study has systematically reviewed the temporal trends in the number of publications and analyzed different aspects of local research practices and their variations in Hong Kong, China, with a specific focus on research ethics governance and approval. Methods: PubMed was systematically searched from its inception to March 28, 2023, for studies using routinely collected healthcare data from Hong Kong. Results: A total of 454 studies were included. Between 2000 and 2009, 32 studies were identified. The number of publications increased from 5 to 120 between 2010 and 2022. Of the investigator-led studies using the Hospital Authority (HA)’s cross-cluster data (n = 393), 327 (83.2%) reported receiving ethics approval from a single cluster/universitybased REC, whereas 50 studies (12.7%) did not report approval from a REC. For use of the HA Data Collaboration Lab, approval by a single hospital-based or University-based REC is accepted. Repeated submission of identical ethics applications to different RECs is estimated to cost HK$4.2 million yearly. Conclusions: Most studies reported gaining approval from a single cluster REC before retrieval of cross-cluster HA data. Substantial cost savings would result if repeated review of identical ethics applications were not required. © 2023, Compuscript Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolite profiles of diabetes mellitus and response to intervention in anti-hyperglycemic drugs; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has become a major health problem, threatening the quality of life of nearly 500 million patients worldwide. As a typical multifactorial metabolic disease, T2DM involves the changes and interactions of various metabolic pathways such as carbohydrates, amino acid, and lipids. It has been suggested that metabolites are not only the endpoints of upstream biochemical processes, but also play a critical role as regulators of disease progression. For example, excess free fatty acids can lead to reduced glucose utilization in skeletal muscle and induce insulin resistance; metabolism disorder of branched-chain amino acids contributes to the accumulation of toxic metabolic intermediates, and promotes the dysfunction of β-cell mitochondria, stress signal transduction, and apoptosis. In this paper, we discuss the role of metabolites in the pathogenesis of T2DM and their potential as biomarkers. Finally, we list the effects of anti-hyperglycemic drugs on serum/plasma metabolic profiles. Copyright © 2023 Liu, Wang and Liu.
Comparative Analysis of High-Risk Pregnancy Prediction Using Machine Learning; Machine learning system is used in this study to estimate the risk assessment of pregnancy. Many factor caused during pregnancy is a dangerous condition that affects pregnant women as well as fetuses. Gestational diabetes (GD), high BP, PCOS, thyroid illness, and other main conditions all increase the risk. For researchers, it is difficult to predict these disorders. The analysis in this paper was done to forecast the high risk in pregnancy using machine learning approaches. The LR, RF, SVM, and KNN algorithms were computed and compared with various settings. The datasets are obtained via Kaggle and DHS. Python was used to calculate the results. The result of random forest is better than the other models like linear regression, KNN, and SVM. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Gestational Early-Time Restricted Feeding Results in Sex-Specific Glucose Intolerance in Adult Male Mice; The timing of food intake is a novel dietary component that impacts health. Time-restricted feeding (TRF), a form of intermittent fasting, manipulates food timing. The timing of eating may be an important factor to consider during critical periods, such as pregnancy. Nutrition during pregnancy, too, can have a lasting impact on offspring health. The timing of food intake has not been thoroughly investigated in models of pregnancy, despite evidence that interest in the practice exists. Therefore, using a mouse model, we tested body composition and glycemic health of gestational early TRF (eTRF) in male and female offspring from weaning to adulthood on a chow diet and after a high-fat, high-sucrose (HFHS) diet challenge. Body composition was similar between groups in both sexes from weaning to adulthood, with minor increases in food intake in eTRF females and slightly improved glucose tolerance in males while on a chow diet. However, after 10 weeks of HFHS, male eTRF offspring developed glucose intolerance. Further studies should assess the susceptibility of males, and apparent resilience of females, to gestational eTRF and assess mechanisms underlying these changes in adult males.  © 2023 Molly C. Mulcahy et al.
Dietary fat and fatty acid consumptions and the odds of asthenozoospermia: a case-control study in China; STUDY QUESTION: Are dietary fat and fatty acid (FA) intakes related to the odds of asthenozoospermia? SUMMARY ANSWER: Plant-based fat consumption was associated with decreased asthenozoospermia odds, while the consumption of animal-based monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) was positively related to asthenozoospermia odds. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Dietary fat and FA are significant ingredients of a daily diet, which have been demonstrated to be correlated to the reproductive health of men. However, to date, evidence on fat and FA associations with the odds of asthenozoospermia is unclear. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The hospital-based case-control study was performed in an infertility clinic from June 2020 to December 2020. Briefly, 549 asthenozoospermia cases and 581 controls with normozoospermia were available for final analyses. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We collected dietary data through a verified food frequency questionnaire of 110 food items. Asthenozoospermia cases were ascertained according to the World Health Organization guidelines. To investigate the correlations of dietary fat and FA consumptions with the odds of asthenozoospermia, we calculated the odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% CIs through unconditional logistic regression models. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Relative to the lowest tertile of consumption, the highest tertile of plant-based fat intake was inversely correlated to the odds of asthenozoospermia (OR = 0.68, 95% CI = 0.50-0.91), with a significant dose-response relation (OR = 0.85, 95% CI = 0.75-0.97, per standard deviation increment). Inversely, animal-based MUFA intake (OR = 1.49, 95% CI = 1.04-2.14) was significantly correlated to increased odds of asthenozoospermia, and an evident dose-response relation was also detected (OR = 1.24, 95% CI = 1.05-1.45, per standard deviation increment). Subgroup analyses showed similar patterns of associations to those of the primary results. Moreover, we observed significant interactions on both multiplicative and additive scales between animal-based MUFA and cigarette smoking. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Selection bias and recall bias were unavoidable in any of the observational studies. As we failed to obtain the information of trans-fatty acid (TFA) consumption, the relation of TFA intake and asthenozoospermia odds was unclear. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This study indicated that different sources of fat and FAs might exert different effects on the etiology of asthenozoospermia, and cigarette smoking could exacerbate the adverse effect of high animal-based MUFA intake on asthenozoospermia. Our findings provide novel evidence pertaining to the fields of prevention of asthenozoospermia through decreasing animal-derived fat and FA consumptions and smoking cessation. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was supported by the JieBangGuaShuai Project of Liaoning Province, Natural Science Foundation of Liaoning Province, Clinical Research Cultivation Project of Shengjing Hospital, and Outstanding Scientific Fund of Shengjing Hospital. All authors have no conflict of interest to declare. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology.
Remarkable impacts of probiotics supplementation in enhancing of the antioxidant status: results of an umbrella meta-analysis; Introduction: Numerous meta-analyses have demonstrated the beneficial effects of probiotics on oxidative stress biomarkers, although some studies have contradictory results. Therefore, the current research was conducted to obtain a precise and definite understanding on the impact of probiotics on oxidative stress biomarkers in adults. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive systematic search of results on Scopus, PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Google Scholar dating up to March 2022. Fifteen meta-analyses were included in this umbrella meta-analysis. The random-effects model was employed to obtain the overall effect size. Subgroup analyses were carried out based on supplementation dosage and duration, mean age, and study population. Results: Our results indicated that probiotics supplementation meaningfully decreased serum malondialdehyde (MDA) (ESWMD = −0.56, 95% CI: −0.72, −0.39; p < 0.001, and ESSMD = −0.50, 95% CI: −0.66, −0.34; p < 0.001). Moreover, the findings showed that probiotics resulted in a significant increase in total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (ESWMD = 29.18, 95% CI: 16.31, 42.04; p < 0.001, and ESSMD = 0.25, 95% CI: 0.02, 0.47; p = 0.032), total glutathione (GSH) (ESWMD: 30.65; 95% CI: 16.94, 44.35, p < 0.001), and nitric oxide (NO) (ESWMD: 1.48; 95% CI: 0.31, 2.65, p = 0.013; I2 = 51.7%, p = 0.043). Discussion: Probiotics could be considered a strong agent in the reinforcement of antioxidant status and preventing the incidence of chronic diseases. Copyright © 2023 Musazadeh, Faghfouri, Zarezadeh, Pakmehr, Moghaddam, Hamedi-Kalajahi, Jahandideh and Ghoreishi.
Oxidative stress signaling in the pathogenesis of diabetic cardiomyopathy and the potential therapeutic role of antioxidant naringenin; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the most prevalent metabolic disorders that poses a global threat to human health. It can lead to complications in multiple organs and tissues, owing to its wide-ranging impact on the human body. Diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) is a specific cardiac manifestation of DM, which is characterized by heart failure in the absence of coronary heart disease, hypertension and valvular heart disease. Given that oxidative stress is a key factor in the pathogenesis of DCM, intervening to mitigate oxidative stress may serve as a therapeutic strategy for managing DCM. Naringenin is a natural product with anti-oxidative stress properties that can suppress oxidative damage by regulating various oxidative stress signaling pathways. In this review, we address the relationship between oxidative stress and its primary signaling pathways implicated in DCM, and explores the therapeutic potential of naringenin in DCM. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Elevated serum FGF21 is an independent predictor for adverse events in hemodialysis patients from two large centers: a prospective cohort study; Introduction: We explored the relationship and the predictive value of serum fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) with all-cause mortality, major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) and pneumonia in hemodialysis (HD) patients. Methods: A total of 388 Chinese HD patients from two HD centers were finally enrolled in this prospective cohort study (registration number: ChiCTR 1900028249) between January 2018 and December 2018. Serum FGF21 was detected. Patients were followed up with a median period of 47 months to record the MACEs and pneumonia until death or 31 December 2022. Results: The incidence of all-cause mortality, MACEs and pneumonia in HD patients were 20.6%, 29.6%, and 34.8%, respectively. The optimal cutoffs for FGF21 to predict all-cause mortality, MACEs and pneumonia were 437.57 pg/mL, 216.99 pg/mL and 112.79 pg/mL. Multivariate Cox regression analyses showed that FGF21, as a categorical variable, was an independent predictor for all-cause mortality, MACEs and pneumonia (HR, 3.357, 95% CI, 2.128–5.295, p < 0.001; HR, 1.575, 95% CI, 1.046–2.371, p = 0.029; HR, 1.784; 95% CI, 1.124–2.830; p = 0.014, respectively). The survival nomogram, MACEs-free survival nomogram and pneumonia-free survival nomogram based on FGF21 constructed for individualized assessment of HD patients had a high C-index with 0.841, 0.706 and 0.734. Conclusion: Higher serum FGF21 is an independent predictor of all-cause mortality, MACEs and pneumonia in HD patients. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Dietary supplementation with Dendrobium officinale leaves improves growth, antioxidant status, immune function, and gut health in broilers; Background: The Dendrobium officinale leaves (DOL) is an underutilized by-product with a large biomass, which have been shown to exhibit immunomodulatory and antioxidant functions. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of DOL on broiler growth performance, antioxidant status, immune function, and gut health. Methods: One hundred and ninety-two 1-day-old chicks were selected and divided into 4 groups at random, 6 replicates for each group and 8 in each. Chicks were given a basal diet supplemented with different amounts of DOL: 0% (control group, NC), 1% (LD), 5% (MD), or 10% (HD). During the feeding trial (70 days), broiler body weight, feed intake, and residual feeding were recorded. On d 70, 12 broilers from each group were sampled for serum antioxidant and immune indexes measurement, intestinal morphological analysis, as well as 16S rRNA sequencing of cecal contents and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) determination. Results: In comparison to the NC group, the LD group had greater final body weight and average daily gain, and a lower feed conversion ratio (p < 0.05, d 1 to 70). However, in MD group, no significant change of growth performance occurred (p > 0.05). Furthermore, DOL supplementation significantly improved the levels of serum total antioxidant capacity, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, and catalase, but reduced the level of malondialdehyde (p < 0.05). Higher serum immunoglobulin A (IgA) content and lower cytokine interleukin-2 (IL-2) and IL-6 contents were observed in DOL-fed broilers than in control chickens (p <0.05). Compared to the NC group, duodenal villus height (VH) and villus height-to-crypt depth (VH:CD) ratio were considerably higher in three DOL supplementation groups (p < 0.05). Further, 16S rRNA sequencing analysis revealed that DOL increased the diversity and the relative abundance of cecal bacteria, particularly helpful microbes like Faecalibacterium, Lactobacillus, and Oscillospira, which improved the production of SCFA in cecal content. According to Spearman correlation analysis, the increased butyric acid and acetic acid concentrations were positively related to serum antioxidant enzyme activities (T-AOC and GSH-Px) and immunoglobulin M (IgM) level (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Overall, the current study demonstrated that supplementing the dies with DOL in appropriate doses could enhance growth performance, antioxidant capacity, and immune response, as well as gut health by promoting intestinal integrity and modulating the cecal microbiota in broilers. Our research may serve as a preliminary foundation for the future development and application of DOL as feed additive in broiler chicken diets. Copyright © 2023 Zhao, Chen, Tian, Wang, Du, Ye, Lu and Sun.
Lipidization as a tool toward peptide therapeutics; Peptides, as potential therapeutics continue to gain importance in the search for active substances for the treatment of numerous human diseases, some of which are, to this day, incurable. As potential therapeutic drugs, peptides have many favorable chemical and pharmacological properties, starting with their great diversity, through their high affinity for binding to all sort of natural receptors, and ending with the various pathways of their breakdown, which produces nothing but amino acids that are nontoxic to the body. Despite these and other advantages, however, they also have their pitfalls. One of these disadvantages is the very low stability of natural peptides. They have a short half-life and tend to be cleared from the organism very quickly. Their instability in the gastrointestinal tract, makes it impossible to administer peptidic drugs orally. To achieve the best pharmacologic effect, it is desirable to look for ways of modifying peptides that enable the use of these substances as pharmaceuticals. There are many ways to modify peptides. Herein we summarize the approaches that are currently in use, including lipidization, PEGylation, glycosylation and others, focusing on lipidization. We describe how individual types of lipidization are achieved and describe their advantages and drawbacks. Peptide modifications are performed with the goal of reaching a longer half-life, reducing immunogenicity and improving bioavailability. In the case of neuropeptides, lipidization aids their activity in the central nervous system after the peripheral administration. At the end of our review, we summarize all lipidized peptide-based drugs that are currently on the market. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Yao-Shan of traditional Chinese medicine: an old story for metabolic health; Type 2 diabetes mellitus, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cardio-cerebrovascular diseases (CCVDs), hyperuricemia and gout, and metabolic-related sexual dysfunction are metabolic diseases that affect human health in modern society. Scientists have made great efforts to investigate metabolic diseases using cell models in vitro or animal models in the past. However, the findings from cells or animals are difficult to translate into clinical applications due to factors such as the in vitro and in vivo differences; the differences in anatomy, physiology, and genetics between humans and animals; and the differences in microbiome–host interaction. The Chinese have extensively used the medicated diet of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) (also named as Yao-Shan of TCM, Chinese Yao-Shan et al.) to maintain or improve cardiometabolic health for more than 2,200 years. These ancient classic diets of TCM are essential summaries of long-term life and clinical practices. Over the past 5 years, our group has made every effort to collect and sort out the classic Yao-Shan of TCM from the ancient TCM literature since Spring and Autumn and Warring States Period, especially these are involved in the prevention and treatment of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes, NAFLD, CCVDs, hyperuricemia and gout, and sexual dysfunction. Here, we summarized and discussed the classic Yao-Shan of TCM for metabolic diseases according to the time recorded in the ancient literature, and revised the Latin names of the raw materials in these Yao-Shan of TCM. Moreover, the modern medicine evidences of some Yao-Shan of TCM on metabolic diseases have also been summarized and emphasized in here. However, the exact composition (in terms of ratios), preparation process, and dosage of many Yao-Shan are not standardized, and their main active ingredients are vague. Uncovering the mystery of Yao-Shan of TCM through modern biological and chemical strategies will help us open a door, which is ancient but now looks new, to modulate metabolic homeostasis and diseases. Copyright © 2023 Yang, Yang and Zhang.
The effect of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on total antioxidant capacity, superoxide dismutase, catalase, and body composition in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled trial; Aim: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a condition characterized by the accumulation of fat in the liver without excessive alcohol consumption. Lifestyle modifications, such as adopting a healthy diet, represent the standard treatment for NAFLD. However, the impact of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on oxidative stress biomarkers in patients with NAFLD remains unclear. Therefore, this study aimed to determine the effect of the DASH diet on total antioxidant capacity (TAC), catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD) levels, and body composition in overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Methods: A total of 70 overweight and obese patients aged 1870 years were randomly assigned to either the intervention (DASH diet, n = 35) or the control group (control diet, n = 35) for 12 weeks, with both groups following a calorie-restricted diet. Results: The mean age of participants was 43.1 ± 8.1 years in the DASH group and 45.1 ± 8.6 years in the control group. At the end of the study, a significant difference was observed in the mean TAC and SOD levels between the two groups (p = 0.02). After adjusting for potential confounding factors, such as age, sex, diabetes, smoking, physical activity, and baseline values, the DASH diet maintained its significant effects on TAC and SOD compared to the control diet (p = 0.03). However, there were no significant differences in CAT levels between the two groups. Moreover, a significant reduction in visceral fat (p = 0.01) and a marginally significant decrease in BMI (p = 0.06) were observed in the DASH group compared to the control group after adjusting for potential confounders. Conclusion: In conclusion, our study showed that following the DASH diet for 12 weeks in overweight and obese patients with NAFLD has beneficial effects on TAC, SOD, and visceral fat. These findings support the use of the DASH diet as a potential therapeutic intervention for the improvement of oxidative biomarkers in patients with NAFLD. Clinical trial registration: www.irct.ir/, identifier IRCT20170117032026N3. Copyright © 2023 Zare, Hosseinzadeh, Sharuni, Rohani, Hojjat, Rahimpour, Madadizadeh, Zavar Reza, Wong and Nadjarzadeh.
Alanine aminotransferase to high- density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio is positively correlated with the occurrence of diabetes in the Chinese population: a population-based cohort study; Objective: Both alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are closely related to glucose homeostasis in the body, and the main objective of this study was to investigate the association between ALT to HDL-C ratio (ALT/HDL-C ratio) and the risk of diabetes in a Chinese population. Methods: The current study included 116,251 participants who underwent a healthy physical examination, and the study endpoint was defined as a diagnosis of new-onset diabetes. Multivariate Cox regression models and receiver operator characteristic curves were used to assess the association of the ALT/HDL-C ratio with diabetes onset. Results: During the average observation period of 3.10 years, a total of 2,674 (2.3%) participants were diagnosed with new-onset diabetes, including 1,883 (1.62%) males and 791 (0.68%) females. After fully adjusting for confounding factors, we found a significant positive association between the ALT/HDL-C ratio and the risk of diabetes [Hazard ratios 1.06, 95% confidence intervals: 1.05, 1.06], and this association was significantly higher in males, obese individuals [body mass index ≥ 28 kg/m2] and individuals aged < 60 years (All P interaction < 0.05). In addition, the ALT/HDL-C ratio was significantly better than its components ALT and HDL-C in predicting diabetes in the Chinese population. Conclusion: There was a positive relationship between ALT/HDL-C ratio and diabetes risk in the Chinese population, and this relationship was significantly stronger in males, obese individuals, and individuals younger than 60 years old. Copyright © 2023 He, Yu, Kuang, Qiu, Yang, Zhang, Sheng and Zou.
Increased risk of colorectal cancer in patients with chronic tophaceous gout: a population-based study; Background – Colorectal cancer is the third most common type of cancer in both men and women and ranks second as the most common cause of cancer death in the United States. Classic risk factors include tobacco smok-ing, high alcohol consumption, physical inactivity and excess body weight. A prospective study found that an elevated serum uric acid was associated with higher rates of cancer-associated polyps. Interestingly, other studies found an association between elevated levels of serum uric acid and other types of cancer including colorectal cancer. Objective – Our study aimed to evaluate whether patients with chronic tophaceous gout had an increased risk of developing colo-rectal cancer. Methods – A validated multicenter and research platform database of more than 360 hospitals from 26 different healthcare systems across the United States was utilized to construct this study. Patients aged 18 years and above were included. Individuals who have had a history of familial adenomatous polyposis, a family history of colon cancer, and those diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease were excluded from the analysis. The risk of developing colon cancer was calculated using a multivariate regression analysis to account for potential confounders. Results – 80,927,194 individuals were screened in the database and 70,177,200 were selected in the final analysis after accounting for inclusion and exclusion criteria. Type 2 diabetics (28.57%), smokers (10.98%), obese individuals (18.71%), alcoholics (3.13%), and patients who have had a diagnosis of chronic tophaceous gout were more common in the colon cancer group compared to those without the malignancy. Using multivariate regression analysis, risk of colon cancer was calculated for male gender (OR: 1.02; 95%CI: 1.01–1.03), smokers (OR: 1.54; 95%CI: 1.52–1.56), alcoholics (OR: 1.40; 95%CI: 1.37–1.43), obese patients (OR: 1.52; 95%CI: 1.50–1.54), type 2 diabetic individuals (OR: 3.53; 95%CI: 3.50–3.57), and those who have had a diagnosis of chronic tophaceous gout (OR: 1.40; 95%CI: 2.48–3.23). Conclusion – As expected, patients with colon cancer were found to have a higher prevalence in males, obese, tobacco and alcohol users. We also demonstrated that patients with gout have a significantly higher prevalence of CRC than those who do not before and after adjusting for metabolic risk factors. In fact, uric acid was found to induce production of reactive oxygen species, thus potentially promoting tumorigenesis. It would be interesting to as-sess the prevalence of colon cancer in patients with gout who have a serum uric acid that is less than 7 mg/dL. This might promote a tighter control of serum uric acid levels in this population in order to decrease the risk of colon cancer. © 2023, IBEPEGE - Inst. Bras. Estudos Pesquisas Gastroent.. All rights reserved.
Probiotics for pancreatic β-cell function: from possible mechanism of action to assessment of effectiveness; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a metabolic disease characterized by chronic hyperglycemia because of insulin resistance (IR) and\or pancreatic β-cell dysfunction. Last century research showed that gut microbiota has a direct effect on metabolism and metabolic diseases. New studies into the human microbiome and its connection with the host is making it possible to develop new therapies for a wide variety of diseases. Inflammation is a well-known precursor to metabolic syndrome, which increases the risk of hypertension, visceral obesity, and dyslipidemia, which can lead to T2D through the damage of pancreatic β-cell and reduce insulin secretion. Current understanding for beneficial effects of probiotics in T2D strictly rely on both animal and clinical data, which mostly focused on their impact on IR, anthropometric parameters, glycemic control and markers of chronic systemic inflammation. From the other hand, there is a lack of evidence-based probiotic efficacy on pancreatic β-cell function in terms of T2D and related metabolic disorders. Therefore, current review will focus on the efficacy of probiotics for the protection of β-cells damage and it`s mechanism in patients with T2D. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Fruit waste: a current perspective for the sustainable production of pharmacological, nutraceutical, and bioactive resources; Fruits are crucial components of a balanced diet and a good source of natural antioxidants, that have proven efficacy in various chronic illnesses. Various kinds of waste generated from fruit industries are considered a global concern. By utilizing this fruit waste, the international goal of “zero waste” can be achieved by sustainable utilization of these waste materials as a rich source of secondary metabolites. Moreover, to overcome this waste burden, research have focused on recovering the bioactive compounds from fruit industries and obtaining a new strategy to combat certain chronic diseases. The separation of high-value substances from fruit waste, including phytochemicals, dietary fibers, and polysaccharides which can then be used as functional ingredients for long-term health benefits. Several novel extraction technologies like ultrasound-assisted extraction (UAE), pressurized liquid extraction (PLE), and supercritical fluid extraction (SFE) could provide an alternative approach for successful extraction of the valuable bioactives from the fruit waste for their utilization as nutraceuticals, therapeutics, and value-added products. Most of these waste-derived secondary metabolites comprise polyphenols, which have been reported to have anti-inflammatory, insulin resistance-treating, cardiovascular disease-maintaining, probiotics-enhancing, or even anti-microbial and anti-viral capabilities. This review summarizes the current knowledge of fruit waste by-products in pharmacological, biological, and probiotic applications and highlights several methods for identifying efficacious bioactive compounds from fruit wastes. Copyright © 2023 Sha, Modak, Sarkar, Roy, Sah, Ghatani and Bhattacharjee.
Concepts in Biology: A Historical Perspective; This book provides a comprehensive review of the history of concepts of the endocrine, nervous and immune systems throughout the last century. Historically, these systems were long considered as compartments that performed separate and different functions. However, a breakthrough occurred when advances in genetics and cellular and molecular biology techniques revealed that these systems shared molecular entities (such as cytokines, hormones and neurotransmitters) with their cognate receptors. These molecular links between the three systems broaden our understanding of the regulation of physiological processes. This approach has generated a multiplicity of new concepts, including crosstalk between organs, axis, feedback, molecular sensors, protein multi-functionality, positive and negative signaling ratios and pathways (such as cell signaling, metabolism and stem cell differentiation, to name a few). The improvement of experimental approaches has often resulted in major discoveries. This, combined with clear reasoning, intuition and coherence gave rise to new and unexpected concepts, and sometimes evolving ones. These new concepts lead the reader to the incredible transformation of biology in recent years. © ISTE Ltd 2023.
Advances in the pharmacological effects and molecular mechanisms of emodin in the treatment of metabolic diseases; Rhubarb palmatum L., Polygonum multijiorum Thunb., and Polygonum cuspidatum Sieb. Et Zucc. are traditional Chinese medicines that have been used for thousands of years. They are formulated into various preparations and are widely used. Emodin is a traditional Chinese medicine monomer and the main active ingredient in Rhubarb palmatum L., Polygonum multijiorum Thunb., and Polygonum cuspidatum Sieb. Et Zucc. Modern research shows that it has a variety of pharmacological effects, including promoting lipid and glucose metabolism, osteogenesis, and anti-inflammatory and anti-autophagy effects. Research on the toxicity and pharmacokinetics of emodin can promote its clinical application. This review aims to provide a basis for further development and clinical research of emodin in the treatment of metabolic diseases. We performed a comprehensive summary of the pharmacology and molecular mechanisms of emodin in treating metabolic diseases by searching databases such as Web of Science, PubMed, ScienceDirect, and CNKI up to 2023. In addition, this review also analyzes the toxicity and pharmacokinetics of emodin. The results show that emodin mainly regulates AMPK, PPAR, and inflammation-related signaling pathways, and has a good therapeutic effect on obesity, hyperlipidemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, diabetes and its complications, and osteoporosis. In addition, controlling toxic factors and improving bioavailability are of great significance for its clinical application. Copyright © 2023 Yu, Zhao and Zhao.
Epigenetics and Obesity; Obesity is a complex and chronic disease affecting hundreds of millions of people worldwide and has reached epidemic proportions. It is important to understand the underlying mechanisms to tackle this devastating disease, thus preventing its comorbidities. The epigenome, including DNA methylation and histone modifications, appears to be the link between genetics and nongenetic factors, modulating gene expression, thus contributing to obesity. This chapter summarizes the current scientific evidence regarding the impact of DNA methylation and histone modifications on adiposity in different human tissues from individuals with and without obesity. Studies examining the influence of environmental factors, such as diet and exercise, on the epigenome in humans will also be considered. Epigenetic marks are dynamic and can be modulated by these external factors. Bariatric surgery and its associated weight loss can restore metabolic health through the modification of epigenetic signatures. These studies demonstrate that epigenetics plays an important role in obesity and may therefore provide a better understanding of the development of the disease. © 2024 selection and editorial matter, George A. Bray, Claude Bouchard, John Kirwan, Peter Katzmarzyk, Leanne Redman, Philip Schauer; individual chapters, the contributors.
Bile Acid Network and Vascular Calcification-Associated Diseases: Unraveling the Intricate Connections and Therapeutic Potential; Bile acids play a crucial role in promoting intestinal nutrient absorption and biliary cholesterol excretion, thereby protecting the liver from cholesterol accumulation and bile acid toxicity. Additionally, bile acids can bind to specific nuclear and membrane receptors to regulate energy expenditure and specific functions of particular tissues. Vascular calcification refers to the pathological process of calcium-phosphate deposition in blood vessel walls, which serves as an independent predictor for cardiovascular adverse events. In addition to aging, this pathological change is associated with aging-related diseases such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, diabetes mellitus, and osteoporosis. Emerging evidence suggests a close association between the bile acid network and these aforementioned vascular calcification-associated conditions. Several bile acids have been proven to participate in calcium-phosphate metabolism, affecting the transdifferentiation of vascular smooth muscle cells and thus influencing vascular calcification. Targeting the bile acid network shows potential for ameliorating these diseases and their concomitant vascular calcification by regulating pathways such as energy metabolism, inflammatory response, oxidative stress, and cell differentiation. Here, we present a summary of the metabolism and functions of the bile acid network and aim to provide insights into the current research on the profound connections between the bile acid network and these vascular calcification-associated diseases, as well as the therapeutic potential. © 2023 Wang et al.
New targets for old drugs: drug repurposing approach for accelerating the drug discovery engine with minimum financial inputs; Drug repositioning (DR) is the process of finding new clinical indications for existing drugs (Nosengo, 2016; Corsello et al., 2017). In the current “target rich-lead poor” scenario of drug discovery, the repurposing or repositioning is gaining increasing interest over the traditional de novo drug discovery, which is more time-consuming (13–15 years) and expensive (US$ 2–3 billion) (Nosengo, 2016). At present, there are over 20,000 drugs prescribed by medical practitioners and approved by the FDA. The majority of the FDA-approved drugs have been tailored against a specific target, but more than one molecular target can potentially be affected by most small inhibitor molecules (Nosengo, 2016; Corsello et al., 2017). Owing to the nonaffordable prices of anticancer drugs, the slow pace of anticancer drug discovery and development, and evolving drug resistance, there is a need to develop novel drug candidates against deadly human diseases through a strategic drug development process. The DR tackles two main problems in the pharmaceutical industry such as the cost and time required to develop new drugs. The safety and efficacy of FDA-approved drugs have been already accessed; therefore, repurposing accelerates the discovery and drug development process (Pushpakom et al., 2019). Furthermore, the risk of failure in clinical trials and the timeframe from discovery to approval of drugs decides the overall costs of drugs from bench to bedside and which is lower in the case of repurposed drugs as compared to new or previously untested drugs (Nosengo, 2016; Corsello et al., 2017). Therefore, repurposing is a suitable strategy to discover new indications for existing drugs to treat various human diseases within a short timeframe and cost-effective manner. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of Fixed Combination of Metformin and Pioglitazone on Insulin Resistance of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: Results of a Randomized Open-Label Study; Aim: To compare the effect of metformin, a fixed combination of metformin and pioglitazone, or dapagliflozin on insulin resistance in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Methods: In this 6-week randomized open-label trial, 58 patients were randomly assigned to insulin with metformin, a fixed combination of metformin and pioglitazone, or dapagliflozin for 4 weeks. Hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp tests and FreeStyle Libre Pro Sensor were used to evaluate the insulin sensitivity represented by glucose-infusion rate (M value) and glycemic control, respectively. The main outcome was changes in insulin resistance compared with baseline. Results: The baseline characteristics were well matched among the three groups. When compared to baseline, insulin sensitivity after treatment was significantly improved. Further study revealed that the fixed combination of metformin and pioglitazone provided superior M-value improvement compared with metformin, but not different from dapagliflozin. Moreover, a greater reduction in insulin dose was observed in the fixed combination of metformin and pioglitazone group than the metformin or dapagliflozin group. However, there were no significant differences in the parameters of glycemic control within the groups. Conclusion: In patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes, a fixed combination of metformin and pioglitazone provided greater improvement in insulin resistance than metformin alone and similar changes in insulin resistance to dapagliflozin. © 2023 Sun et al.
Determinants of vascular structure and function in at-risk children born to mothers managed for pre-eclampsia (FINNCARE study); Background and aim: Pre-eclampsia (PE) is related to elevated blood pressure (BP) in children. The study aims to investigate if elevated BP is reflected in child arterial health and how anthropometrics, body composition, and gestational and perinatal factors influenced this. Methods: In this prospective cohort study, we assessed the arteries of 182 children exposed (46 had an early onset, with a diagnosis before 34 gestational weeks, and 136 had a late onset) and 85 children unexposed (non-PE) to PE at 8–12 years from delivery using ultra-high-frequency ultrasound in addition to ambulatory and central BPs, body composition and anthropometrics, and tonometry-derived pulse wave velocity (PWV). Results: No differences were found in intima-media thickness (IMT), adventitia thickness (AT), lumen diameter (LD), local carotid artery stiffness, distensibility, or wall stress between PE-exposed and non-PE-exposed children. All children's brachial, radial, and femoral artery IMTs were associated with 24-h systolic BP (SBP) and pulse pressure, carotid–femoral PWV, and anthropometric measures. The 24-h SBP and anthropometrics, notably lean body mass, were independent predictors of peripheral artery IMTs (brachial R2= 0.217, radial R2= 0.208, femoral R2= 0.214; p < 0.001). Head circumference predicted carotid artery IMT and LD (β = 0.163, p = 0.009; β = 0.417, p < 0.001, respectively), but carotid artery IMT was not associated with BP. No independent associations were found for peripheral artery ATs. Local carotid artery stiffness, distensibility, and wall stress were independently associated with adiposity. No significant associations were found between gestational or perinatal factors and child vascular health parameters. Conclusions: The peripheral artery IMT of PE-exposed children is identical to that of non-PE-exposed children, but associated with BP. Adiposity is related to local carotid artery stiffness. These adverse associations in arterial health may reflect the early progression of cardiovascular disease in PE-exposed children. 2023 Renlund, Jääskeläinen, Kivelä, Heinonen, Laivuori and Sarkola.
Circulating exosomes decrease in size and increase in number between birth and age 7: relations to fetal growth and liver fat; Purpose: Exosomes play a key role in cell-to-cell communication by transferring their cargo to target tissues. Little is known on the course of exosome size and number in infants and children. Methods: Longitudinally, we assessed the size and number of circulating exosomes at birth and at ages 2 and 7 yr in 75 infants/children born appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA; n=40) or small-for-gestational-age (SGA; n=35 with spontaneous catch-up), and related those results to concomitantly assessed measures of endocrine-metabolic health (HOMA-IR; IGF-1), body composition (by DXA at ages 0 and 2) and abdominal fat partitioning (subcutaneous, visceral and hepatic fat by MRI at age 7). Results: Circulating exosomes of AGAs decreased in size (on average by 4.2%) and increased in number (on average by 77%) between birth and age 7. Circulating exosomes of SGAs (as compared to those of AGAs) had a larger size at birth [146.8 vs 137.8 nm, respectively; p=0.02], and were in lower number at ages 2 [4.3x1011 vs 5.6x1011 particles/mL, respectively; p=0.01] and 7 [6.3x1011 vs 6.8x1011 particles/mL, respectively; p=0.006]. Longitudinal changes were thus more pronounced in SGAs for exosome size, and in AGAs for exosome number. At age 7, exosome size associated (P<0.0001) to liver fat in the whole study population. Conclusion: Early-life changes in circulating exosomes include a minor decrease in size and a major increase in number, and these changes may be influenced by fetal growth. Exosome size may become one of the first circulating markers of liver fat in childhood. Copyright © 2023 Díaz, Casano, Quesada, López-Bermejo, de Zegher, Villarroya and Ibáñez.
Feeding of fish oil and medium-chain triglycerides to canines impacts circulating structural and energetic lipids, endocannabinoids, and non-lipid metabolite profiles; Introduction: The effect of medium-chain fatty acid-containing triglycerides (MCT), long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing triglycerides from fish oil (FO), and their combination (FO+MCT) on the serum metabolome of dogs (Canis familiaris) was evaluated. Methods: Dogs (N = 64) were randomized to either a control food, one with 7% MCT, one with FO (0.18% eicosapentaenoate and 1.3% docosahexaenoate), or one with FO+MCT for 28 days following a 14-day washout period on the control food. Serum metabolites were analyzed via chromatography followed by mass spectrometry. Results: Additive effects of serum metabolites were observed for a number of metabolite classes, including fatty acids, phospholipids, acylated amines including endocannabinoids, alpha-oxidized fatty acids, and methyl donors. Some effects of the addition of FO+MCT were different when the oils were combined compared with when each oil was fed separately, namely for acylcarnitines, omega-oxidized dicarboxylic acids, and amino acids. Several potentially beneficial effects on health were observed, including decreased circulating triglycerides and total cholesterol with the addition of FO (with or without MCT) and decreases in N-acyl taurines with the addition of MCT, FO, or FO+MCT. Discussion: Overall, the results of this study provide a phenotypic characterization of the serum lipidomic response to dietary supplementation of long-chain n3-polyunsaturated and medium-chain saturated fats in canines. Copyright © 2023 Jackson and Jewell.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease.; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies. © 2023 Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo. All rights reserved.
Incidence of Prediabetes/Diabetes among Women with Prior Gestational Diabetes and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Prospective Observational Study; Background and Objectives: This prospective longitudinal study aims to evaluate and compare the incidence of prediabetes/diabetes among women stratified at the baseline postpartum visit according to the prior GDM and NAFLD status. Methods: Of the 309 women with baseline postpartum assessment at a median of 16 months following the index delivery, 200 (64.7%) [GDM: 137 (68.5%), normoglycaemia: 63 (31.5%)] were available for the follow-up analysis (performed at median of 54 months following the index delivery) and were participants for this study. We obtained relevant demographic, medical and obstetric details and performed a 75 g OGTT with glucose estimation at 0 and 120 min. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography at the baseline visit. Participants were divided into four groups: no NAFLD and no prior GDM (group 1), NAFLD but no prior GDM (group 2), prior GDM but no NAFLD (group 3), and NAFLD and prior GDM (group 4). Results: The mean age of study participants (n = 200) was 32.2 ± 5.1 years, and the mean interval between the two visits was 34.8 ± 5.5 months. A total of 74 (37%) women had progression to prediabetes/diabetes [incidence rate of 12.8/100 woman-years]. The incidence rates (per 100 woman-years) were 8.6, 8.9, 13.4 and 15.3 in groups 1, 2, 3 and 4, respectively. The adjusted hazard ratio for incident (new-onset) prediabetes/diabetes in group 4 (reference: group 1) was 1.99 (95% CI 0.80, 4.96, P = 0.140). Among women with baseline NAFLD (irrespective of GDM status), the risk of incident prediabetes/diabetes increased with an increase in the duration of follow-up (3.03-fold higher per year of follow-up, P = 0.029) and was significantly higher in women who were not employed (6.43, 95% CI 1.74, 23.7, P = 0.005) and in women with GDM requiring insulin/metformin during pregnancy (4.46, 95% CI 1.27, 15.64, P = 0.019). Conclusion: NAFLD and GDM increased the risk for glycaemic deterioration in young Indian women. Future studies should focus on evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle and behavioural interventions in such high-risk women.  © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
O-Linked N-Acetylglucosamine Transferase Regulates Bone Homeostasis Through Alkaline Phosphatase Pathway in Diabetic Periodontitis; Periodontitis is one of the most common complications of diabetes, which seriously affects patients’ life quality. It is important to find the key factors and mechanisms to improve the treatment of periodontitis. In our study, high glucose (HG) and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) treated human periodontal ligament cells (hPDLCs) and LPS treated diabetic mice was used to establish the diabetic periodontitis model in vitro and in vivo. O-linked beta-N-acetylglucosamine glycosylation (O-GlcNAcylation) and O-linked N-acetylglucosamine transferase (OGT) protein levels were detected by western blot assay. Cell counting kit-8, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and alizarin red staining (ARS) assays were used to observe the O-GlcNAcylation and OGT effects on cell viability and osteoblast differentiation. Co-immunoprecipitation (Co-IP) assay was used to detect the relationship between OGT and ALP. The results showed that the levels of OGT and O-GlcNAcylation were significantly increased in both cell and mouse models. ALP and ARS staining results showed that silencing of OGT or inhibition of O-glycosylation notably improved osteogenic differentiation, increased the osteoprotegerin (OPG) protein levels and decreased the receptor activator for nuclear factor-κB Ligand (RANKL) protein levels of the HG and LPS treated hPDLCs. In diabetic periodontitis mice, knockdown of OGT relieved the injury of gingival tissue, increased the ALP and OPG levels and decreased the RANKL levels. Besides, ALP interacted with OGT protein, and OGT protein was found to act on ALP serine 513 glycosylation. In conclusion, our study demonstrated that excessive O-GlcNAcylation could restrain osteoblast differentiation by O-glycosylation in ALP. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Opportunities and challenges of pharmacovigilance in special populations: a narrative review of the literature; The relatively new discipline of pharmacovigilance (PV) aims to monitor the safety of drugs throughout their evolution and is essential to discovering new drug risks. Due to their specific and complex physiology, children, pregnant women, and elderly adults are more prone to adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Additionally, the lack of clinical trial data exacerbates the challenges faced with pharmacotherapy in these populations. Elderly patients tend to have multiple comorbidities often requiring more extensive medication, which adds additional challenges for healthcare professionals (HCPs) in delivering safe and effective pharmacotherapy. Clinical trials often have inherent limitations, including insufficient sample size and limited duration of research; as some ADRs are attributed to long-term use of a drug, these may go undetected during the course of the trial. Therefore, the implementation of PV is key to insuring the safe and effective use of drugs in special populations. We conducted a thorough review of the scientific literature on PV systems across the European Union, the United States, and China. Our review focused on basic physiological characteristics, drug use, and PV for specific populations (children, pregnant women, and the elderly). This article aims to provide a reference for the development of follow-up policies and improvement of existing policies as well as provide insight into drug safety with respect to patients of special populations. © The Author(s), 2023.
Nanotherapeutic approaches for managing phospholipase-mediated neurodegenerative and metabolic diseases; Nanotechnological advances are gradually entering all domains of life and the field of medicine is no different. The term “Nanotechnology” encompasses engineering materials/technologies with functional dimensions in the nanoscale (1–100nm) and, when this is combined with the fact that most biological functional molecules/cellular structures also fall into this size range, a whole new world of possibilities can be envisioned. Keeping in view this idea, this chapter explores the role that nanotechnology can play in the treatment of human disorders that are characterized by the role of phospholipases (PLs). We have first discussed in detail the characteristics and dynamic roles of major types of PLs in the pathology of neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's disease (AD) and Parkinson's disease (PD), and metabolic diseases like diabetes and obesity, and then we have summarized the latest advances in therapeutics involving nanotechnology that directly target these disorders, thus, encompassing targeted drug delivery, blood–brain barrier crossing drug loaded nanovehicles, stimuli-based drug release mechanisms, and the latest research in the development of immunosuppressant/immunomodulatory nanosystems. Therefore, the aim of this chapter is to summarize recent studies on the dynamic role of three major types of PLs towards the development of various disorders. Furthermore, the importance of various nanotherapeutic approaches in the management of phospholipase-mediated neurodegenerative and metabolic diseases and some immune disorders for development of effective therapeutics is highlighted. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The role of inositols in maternal adaptation, placental function, and regulation of fetal growth and development; The goal of pregnancy is to deliver a healthy baby. Optimal maternal adaptation to pregnancy and good maternal-placental-fetal communications play important roles in ensuring a good outcome. Inositol is expected to play a part in many of these important pregnancy events but they remain poorly understood. Inositol and its derivatives are involved in altering maternal tissue function to promote maternal adaptation, regulating placental function, and modulating fetal growth and development. In this chapter, we will summarize the current knowledge and, wherever possible, provide likely scenarios of inositol's involvement based on our understanding in related biological systems. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Untargeted metabolomics reveals dynamic changes in metabolic profiles of rat supraspinatus tendon at three different time points after diabetes induction; Objective: To investigate the dynamic changes of metabolite composition in rat supraspinatus tendons at different stages of diabetes by untargeted metabolomics analysis. Methods: A total of 80 Sprague–Dawley rats were randomly divided into normal (NG, n = 20) and type 2 diabetes mellitus groups (T2DM, n = 60) and subdivided into three groups according to the duration of diabetes: T2DM-4w, T2DM-12w, and T2DM-24w groups; the duration was calculated from the time point of T2DM rat model establishment. The three comparison groups were set up in this study, T2DM-4w group vs. NG, T2DM-12w group vs. T2DM-4w group, and T2DM-24w group vs. T2DM-12w group. The metabolite profiles of supraspinatus tendon were obtained using tandem mass spectrometry. Metabolomics multivariate statistics were used for metabolic data analysis and differential metabolite (DEM) determination. The intersection of the three comparison groups’ DEMs was defined as key metabolites that changed consistently in the supraspinatus tendon after diabetes induction; then, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment analysis was performed. Results: T2DM-4w group vs. NG, T2DM-12w group vs. T2DM-4w group, and T2DM-24w group vs. T2DM-12w group detected 94 (86 up-regulated and 8 down-regulated), 36 (13 up-regulated and 23 down-regulated) and 86 (24 up-regulated and 62 down-regulated) DEMs, respectively. Seven key metabolites of sustained changes in the supraspinatus tendon following induction of diabetes include D-Lactic acid, xanthine, O-acetyl-L-carnitine, isoleucylproline, propoxycarbazone, uric acid, and cytidine, which are the first identified biomarkers of the supraspinatus tendon as it progresses through the course of diabetes. The results of KEGG pathway enrichment analysis showed that the main pathway of supraspinatus metabolism affected by diabetes (p < 0.05) was purine metabolism. The results of the KEGG metabolic pathway vs. DEMs correlation network graph revealed that uric acid and xanthine play a role in more metabolic pathways. Conclusion: Untargeted metabolomics revealed the dynamic changes of metabolite composition in rat supraspinatus tendons at different stages of diabetes, and the newly discovered seven metabolites, especially uric acid and xanthine, may provide novel research to elucidate the mechanism of diabetes-induced tendinopathy. Copyright © 2023 Xu, Zhang, Wang, Ren, Yu, Zhang and Zhao.
Pathophysiological impact of CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes-related pathophysiological alterations and various female reproductive difficulties were common in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), who had 21.1 million live births. Preeclampsia (PE), which increases maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality, affects approximately 3%–5% of pregnancies worldwide. Nevertheless, it is unclear what triggers PE and GDM to develop. Therefore, the development of novel moderator therapy approaches is a crucial advancement. Chemokines regulate physiological defenses and maternal-fetal interaction during healthy and disturbed pregnancies. Chemokines regulate immunity, stem cell trafficking, anti-angiogenesis, and cell attraction. CXC chemokines are usually inflammatory and contribute to numerous reproductive disorders. Fractalkine (CX3CL1) may be membrane-bound or soluble. CX3CL1 aids cell survival during homeostasis and inflammation. Evidence reveals that CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines and their receptors have been the focus of therapeutic discoveries for clinical intervention due to their considerable participation in numerous biological processes. This review aims to give an overview of the functions of CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines and their receptors in the pathophysiology of PE and GDM. Finally, we examined stimulus specificity for CXC and CX3CL1 chemokine expression and synthesis in PE and GDM and preclinical and clinical trials of CXC-based PE and GDM therapies. Copyright © 2023 Ullah, Zhao, Singla and Shen.
Evaluation of Trace Elements Levels and Construction of Auxiliary Prediction Model in Patients with Diabetes Ketoacidosis in Type 1 Diabetes; Background: Trace elements play an important role in reflecting physical metabolic status, but have been rarely evaluated in diabetes ketoacidosis (DKA). Since clinical biochemical parameters are the first-line diagnostic data mastered by clinical doctors and DKA has a rapid progression, it is crucial to fully utilize clinical data and combine innovative parameters to assist in assessing disease progression. The aim of this study was to evaluate the levels of trace elements in DKA patients, followed by construction of predictive models combined with the laboratory parameters. Methods: A total of 96 T1D individuals (48 DKA patients) were collected from the First Hospital of Jilin University. Serum calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), zinc (Zn), copper (Cu), iron (Fe) and selenium (Se) were measured by Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry, and the data of biochemical parameters were collected from the laboratory information system. Training and validation sets were used to construct the model and examine the efficiency of the model. The lambda-mu-sigma method was used to evaluate the changes in the model prediction efficiency as the severity of the patient’s condition increases. Results: Lower levels of serum Mg, Ca and Zn, but higher levels of serum Fe, Cu and Se were found in DKA patients. Low levels of total protein (TP), Zn and high levels of lipase would be an efficient combination for the prediction of DKA (Area under curves for training set and validation set were 0.867 and 0.961, respectively). The examination test confirmed the clinical applicability of the constructed models. The increasing predictive efficiency of the model was found with NACP. Conclusion: More severe oxidative stress in DKA led to further imbalance of trace elements. The combination of TP, lipase and Zn could predict DKA efficiently, which would benefit the early identification and prevention of DKA to improve prognosis. © 2023 Chai et al.
Hypoprolactinemia. Does it matter? Redefining the hypopituitarism and return from a mumpsimus: “Absence of proof is not the proof of absence”; Prolactin (PRL) is secreted by the lactotroph cells in the anterior pituitary gland which is under inhibitory control of dopamine. The mature human PRL has more than 300 physiological actions including lactation, reproduction, homeostasis, neuroprotection, behavior, water and electrolyte balance, immunoregulation and embryonic and fetal development. PRL is involved in the growth and development of mammary gland, preparation of the breast for lactation in the postpartum period, synthesis of milk, and maintenance of milk secretion. Abnormalities in the synthesis and secretion of PRL may result in hyperprolactinemia or hypoprolactinemia. Although hyperprolactinemia has been extensively investigated in the literature, because of the subtle or unclearly defined symptoms, hypoprolactinemia is a less-known and neglected disorder. Failure of lactation is a well-known clinical manifestation of hypoprolactinemia. Recent studies reveal that hypoprolactinemia may have some effects beyond lactation such as increased risk for metabolic abnormalities including insulin resistance, abnormal lipid profile, obesity and sexual dysfunction. Very low level of PRL is suggested to be avoided in patients receiving dopamin agonist treatment to prevent unwanted effects of hypoprolactinemia. Another important point is that hypoprolactinemia is not included in the classification of hypopituitarism. Anterior pituitary failure is traditionally classified as isolated, partial and complete (panhypopituitarism) hypopituitarism regardless of prolactin level. Therefore, there are two kinds of panhypopituitarism: panhypopituitarism with normal or high PRL level and panhypopituitarism with low PRL level. In this review, we present two personal cases, discuss the diagnosis of hypoprolactinemia, hypoprolactinemia associated clinical picture and suggest to redefine the classification of hypopituitarism. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The role of adipocytokines in the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children and adolescents; Over the past 20 years, the proportion of overweight and obese children and adolescents has increased significantly in most countries. Obesity represents a major cardiometabolic risk and is closely associated with comorbidities such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hyperinsulinemia, type 2 diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). There is a lot of uncertainty regarding the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in children, mainly due to the various and conflicting definitions that have been proposed. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome varied significantly in children (from 6 to 39%) depending on the applied definition criteria. According to these definitions, only 2% of children met all the criteria for metabolic syndrome. Over the past decade, studies have shown that, in parallel with the increase in the prevalence of obesity in the pediatric population, NAFLD has become the most common form of liver disease in childhood. In NAFLD, inflammatory cytokines/adipokines and other factors lead to steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis. Recently, several adipocytokines and inflammatory cytokines have been identified with significant positive (leptin, chemerin, vaspin, TNF-α, IL-6 and IL-8) or negative (adiponectin) associations with metabolic risk factors. Some of them can be considered as pathophysiological factors linking obesity and its complications such as insulin resistance and NAFLD. However, data on other adipocytokines and their role in metabolism remain controversial and partially unknown, especially with regard to their role in childhood (resistin, NAMPT, FGF-21, A-FABP, RBP4, lipocalin-2, omentin-1, hsCRP). Adipocytokines are a novel and powerful tool not only for the diagnosis and stratification of NAFLD and the metabolic syndrome, but also as a potential therapeutic target. Adipocytokine therapy requires further study in all patients with metabolic syndrome and NAFLD, especially in children and adolescents. © 2023 Remedium Group Ltd.
Diabetes and Cancer; Diabetes mellitus (DM) and cancers are leading causes of death worldwide. Recent evidence implies a significant association between DM (mainly type 2 DM) and neoplastic transformation. The presumed links between these two entities are mainly biological linking factors (hyperinsulinaemia, hyperglycaemia and chronic inflammation caused by excessive adipose tissue). The increased risk of oncogenesis was observed mainly for pancreatic and liver cancers, cancers of the genitourinary system and breast cancer. Nevertheless, studies on the risk of carcinogenesis in other sites of human body are also available. Interestingly, anti-diabetic drugs also influence the chance of neoplastic transformation. Some of them presumably elevate the risk of oncogenesis, some reduce the risk and some express inconsistent activity. It was also revealed that several anti-diabetic medications present anti-neoplastic features via enhancing the effectiveness of conventional chemotherapy. Anti-neoplastic activities of metformin and its ability to prevent metastasis are widely discussed in the literature. This chapter summarizes the current knowledge of the correlation between diabetes mellitus and oncogenesis. It also discusses the influence of anti-diabetic drugs on cancer risk and cancer biology. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019, 2023.
Jordanian Medicinal Plants in the Treatment of Diabetes; The use of medicinal plants in the treatment of diabetes mellitus is highly popular, especially in the Middle East. Jordan is characterized by great diversity in wild plants, with an estimated 2000 plant species. Many of these plants are widely used to treat different ailments including diabetes. In this chapter, we focus on nine Jordanian plants traditionally used to treat diabetes. Active phytochemicals, therapeutic targets, and mechanisms of action are also discussed. © 2024 selection and editorial matter, Rajkumar Rajendram, Victor R. Preedy, and Vinood B. Patel; individual chapters, the contributors.
Hepatitis during pregnancy; Viral hepatitis is one of the more commonly diagnosed viral infections in pregnancy. Globally, it causes 1.34 million deaths per year. There are more than five subtypes of hepatitis that were being identified, namely Hepatitis A, B, C, D, and E. They have different routes of transmission with various impacts during pregnancy, which require individualized management during pregnancy. This chapter describes each type of hepatitis and its maternal, fetal, and perinatal implications. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pharmacological management of type 2 diabetes: clinical considerations and future perspectives; The management of type 2 diabetes continues to evolve with the historical glucocentric nature of care, paving the way toward more holistic and comorbidity-based management largely due to the advent of newer medications and trial data. Clinicians need to be aware that an understanding of not only the current treatment landscape but also the future developments in care and therapy is required in order to understand the best options for the management of their patients. This article will discuss current perspectives in the pharmacological management of type 2 diabetes, largely focusing on recent trial developments and associated future trials and molecules that may impact type 2 diabetes care in the near future. © The Author(s) 2023.
Extracellular nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase: role in disease pathophysiology and as a biomarker; Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (NAMPT) plays a central role in mammalian cell metabolism by contributing to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide biosynthesis. However, NAMPT activity is not limited to the intracellular compartment, as once secreted, the protein accomplishes diverse functions in the extracellular space. Extracellular NAMPT (eNAMPT, also called visfatin or pre-B-cell colony enhancing factor) has been shown to possess adipocytokine, pro-inflammatory, and pro-angiogenic activities. Numerous studies have reported the association between elevated levels of circulating eNAMPT and various inflammatory and metabolic disorders such as obesity, diabetes, atherosclerosis, arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, lung injury and cancer. In this review, we summarize the current state of knowledge on eNAMPT biology, proposed roles in disease pathogenesis, and its potential as a disease biomarker. We also briefly discuss the emerging therapeutic approaches for eNAMPT inhibition. Copyright © 2023 Semerena, Nencioni and Masternak.
Predicting the Risk of Insulin-Requiring Gestational Diabetes before Pregnancy: A Model Generated from a Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study in Korea; Background: The severity of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to generate a risk model for predicting insulin-requiring GDM before pregnancy in Korean women. Methods: A total of 417,210 women who received a health examination within 52 weeks before pregnancy and delivered between 2011 and 2015 were recruited from the Korean National Health Insurance database. The risk prediction model was created using a sample of 70% of the participants, while the remaining 30% were used for internal validation. Risk scores were assigned based on the hazard ratios for each risk factor in the multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression model. Six risk variables were selected, and a risk nomogram was created to estimate the risk of insulin-requiring GDM. Results: A total of 2,891 (0.69%) women developed insulin-requiring GDM. Age, body mass index (BMI), current smoking, fasting blood glucose (FBG), total cholesterol, and γ-glutamyl transferase were significant risk factors for insulin-requiring GDM and were incorporated into the risk model. Among the variables, old age, high BMI, and high FBG level were the main contributors to an increased risk of insulin-requiring GDM. The concordance index of the risk model for predicting insulin-requiring GDM was 0.783 (95% confidence interval, 0.766 to 0.799). The validation cohort’s incidence rates for insulin-requiring GDM were consistent with the risk model’s predictions. Conclusion: A novel risk engine was generated to predict insulin-requiring GDM among Korean women. This model may provide helpful information for identifying high-risk women and enhancing prepregnancy care. Copyright © 2023 Korean Endocrine Society.
An overview of natural products that modulate the expression of non-coding RNAs involved in oxidative stress and inflammation-associated disorders; Oxidative stress is a state in which oxidants are produced in excess in the body’s tissues and cells, resulting in a biological imbalance amid the generation of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (RONS) from redox reactions. In case of insufficient antioxidants to balance, the immune system triggers signaling cascades to mount inflammatory responses. Oxidative stress can have deleterious effects on major macromolecules such as lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids, hence, Oxidative stress and inflammation are among the multiple factors contributing to the etiology of several disorders such as diabetes, cancers, and cardiovascular diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) which were once referred to as dark matter have been found to function as key regulators of gene expression through different mechanisms. They have dynamic roles in the onset and development of inflammatory and oxidative stress-related diseases, therefore, are potential targets for the control of those diseases. One way of controlling those diseases is through the use of natural products, a rich source of antioxidants that have drawn attention with several studies showing their involvement in combating chronic diseases given their enormous gains, low side effects, and toxicity. In this review, we highlighted the natural products that have been reported to target ncRNAs as mediators of their biological effects on oxidative stress and several inflammation-associated disorders. Those natural products include Baicalein, Tanshinone IIA, Geniposide, Carvacrol/Thymol, Triptolide, Oleacein, Curcumin, Resveratrol, Solarmargine, Allicin, aqueous extract or pulp of Açai, Quercetin, and Genistein. We also draw attention to some other compounds including Zanthoxylum bungeanum, Canna genus rhizome, Fuzi-ganjiang herb pair, Aronia melanocarpa, Peppermint, and Gingerol that are effective against oxidative stress and inflammation-related disorders, however, have no known effect on ncRNAs. Lastly, we touched on the many ncRNAs that were found to play a role in oxidative stress and inflammation-related disorders but have not yet been investigated as targets of a natural product. Shedding more light into these two last points of shadow will be of great interest in the valorization of natural compounds in the control and therapy of oxidative stress- and inflammation-associated disorders. Copyright © 2023 Ngum, Tatang, Toumeni, Nguengo, Simo, Mezajou, Kameni, Ngongang, Tchinda, Dongho Dongmo, Akami, Ngane Ngono and Tamgue.
The case for artificial intelligence in diagnosis and predictive medicine in diabetes care; During the past 2 decades, large medical databases (big data) have been screened with powerful computing tools, through a so-called artificial intelligence (AI) process using machine learning and validation. This has led to a renewal of diabetes care. The main applications so far are screening and diagnosis (retinopathy, gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)), therapeutic decision tool (strategy in type 2 diabetes) and predictive medicine (vascular risk). Diabetologists have a clinical expertise that should be employed to contribute to AI development, through the generation of quality data and adequate interpretation of outcomes. © 2023 Edimark Sante. All rights reserved.
Overexpression of IGF2 affects mouse weight and glycolipid metabolism and IGF2 is positively related to macrosomia; Objective: To investigate the effects of insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2) on growth and glycolipid metabolism, as well as the underlying mechanism. Methods: A mouse model of IGF2 overexpression was constructed to measure weight gain before adulthood, to obtain the values of adult glycolipid metabolism indicators in the peripheral blood and to detect the expression of genes in the IGF2 signaling pathway in different mouse tissues. The present study also explored the independent association between the IGF2 gene and macrosomia by detecting and comparing the expression levels of IGF2 mRNA/H19 RNA in maternal peripheral blood and fetal cord blood of 26 human pregnancies. Results: In the mouse model, weights of the IGF2-overexpressing mice were significantly higher than those of the control mice at the age of 5-10 weeks. The glucose concentration, total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels of IGF2-overexpressing mice were significantly lower than those of wild-type (WT) mice. Compared with the WT mice, the expression of H19 was significantly decreased in the pancreas and IGF1R was significantly decreased in the muscle of mice with IGF2 overexpression. The expression levels of STAT3 and AKT2 showed significant decrease in liver, muscle and increase in muscle of IGF2-overexpressing mice, respectively. GLUT2 expression showed significant increase in liver, kidney, muscle and decrease in pancreas of mice with IGF2 overexpression. This study also found that in normal mothers with the similar clinical characteristics, IGF2 expression in the maternal peripheral blood and fetal cord blood is an independent factor influencing macrosomia. Conclusion: IGF2 expression was independently correlated with the occurrence of macrosomia, and overexpression of IGF2 significantly increased the weights of mice at the age of 5-10 weeks and significantly affected the values of adult glycolipid metabolism indicators, which might be the result of changes in the IGF2-IGF1R-STAT3/AKT2-GLUT2/GLUT4 pathway. These findings might suggest that IGF2 plays an important role in growth and glycolipid metabolism during both pregnancy and postnatal development. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Qin, Huai, Yang and Wei.
TDAG51 Attenuates Impaired Lipid Metabolism and Insulin Resistance in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Through SREBP-1/ ANGPTL8 Pathway; Background: T-cell death-associated gene 51 (TDAG51) belongs to the transcription factor family and is involved in the energy homeostasis of the liver through the regulation of lipogenesis. Aims: To evaluate the role of T-cell death-associated gene 51 in gestational diabetes mellitus. Study Design: Experimental animal and human-sample study. Methods: A total of 30 patients with GDM were enrolled in the study. TDAG51 expression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus was assessed by Western blotting and quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. A high-fat and high-sugar diet was used to establish a gestational diabetes mellitus model. Mice with gestational diabetes were injected with lentivirus-mediated overexpression of TDAG51. Blood glucose was measured using a glucometer, and glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed to detect insulin resistance. Liver and adipose tissues were subjected to hematoxylin-eosin staining. Cell apoptosis was detected by TUNEL staining. Human villous trophoblast cells (HTR-8/SVneo) were treated with a high-glucose medium to induce gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: TDAG51 was downregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. TDAG51 overexpression reduced the level of blood glucose, enhanced serum insulin, and attenuated glucose and insulin tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression also ameliorated impaired lipid metabolism and alleviated adipocyte hypertrophy and hepatic lipid droplets in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. The expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 were upregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and showed a negative correlation with TDAG51 in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. TDAG51 increased the expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression reduced cell apoptosis and enhanced cell viability of high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. Ectopic expression of ANGPTL8 attenuated the TDAG51-induced increase in cell viability and decrease in apoptosis in high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. Conclusion: TDAG51 alleviated impaired lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus via downregulation of SREBP 1/ANGPTL8 pathway. © Author(s)-.
Nutritional aspects; With evidence pointing to the efficacy of therapeutic carbohydrate restriction (TCR), official protocols for implementation into clinical practice are required. During the metabolic transition from a high-carbohydrate to a TCR diet, clinical considerations and patient guidance are required. Aside from the formulation and prescription of TCR, clinicians must be familiar with the precautions, assessment, and monitoring of clinical outcomes associated with this intervention. Nutritional ketosis is a physiological ketosis of the fed state with specific biochemical and nutritional aspects that must be taken into account in TCR. Understanding this metabolic state, as well as the biochemistry and physiology of ketone metabolism, is critical. When prescribing TCR, the clinician must also understand the context of nutrient requirements, as well as the differences between animal and plant nutrition. This chapter discusses the most important nutritional aspects to consider and comprehend when prescribing TCR. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Causal effect of early life adiposity on gestational diabetes mellitus and mediating roles of lipidomic biomarkers; Objective: The causal relationship between early life adiposity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the underlying mechanisms remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate the independent causal association between early life adiposity and GDM and identify potential metabolic mediators and their mediating effects on this relationship. Methods: Using genome-wide association study (GWAS) summary statistics from the publicly available database of early life adiposity (5,530 cases and 8,318 controls) and GDM (11,279 cases and 179,600 controls), a two-step, two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) was conducted to estimate the causal mediation effects of lipidomic biomarkers including low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride, apolipoprotein A-Ι, and apolipoprotein B on the relationship between early life adiposity and GDM. Results: Genetically predicted childhood adiposity was positively associated with risk of GDM (OR: 1.21, 95%CI: 1.09–1.34, p = 4.58 × 10−4). This causal relationship remained after accounting for adult adiposity traits in the multivariable MR analyses. Two-step MR identified three candidate mediators that partially mediated the effect of early life adiposity on GDM, including HDL-C (5.81, 95%CI: 3.05–8.57%), apolipoprotein A-Ι (4.16, 95%CI: 1.64–6.69%), and triglyceride (2.20, 95%CI: 0.48–3.92%). Conclusion: This MR study demonstrated that the causal effect of childhood obesity on future GDM risk was independent of adult adiposity. We identified three mediators, including HDL-C, apolipoprotein A-Ι, and triglyceride, in this association pathway. Our results provide insights into the pathogenesis of GDM and suggest additional prevention and treatment targets for GDM related to early life adiposity. Copyright © 2023 Li, Li, Liu and Li.
An Evidence-Based Review of Diabetes Care: History, Types, Relationship to Cancer and Heart Disease, Co-Morbid Factors, and Preventive Measures; Diabetes is characterized by hyperglycemia due to the decreased and inadequate levels of insulin in the body, resistance to the effects of insulin, or a combination of both. There are three types of diabetes. However, Type 2 disease is the most common, followed by Type 1 and gestational diabetes. Most common factors responsible for diabetes are obesity or being over-weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, ethnic background, sedentary lifestyle, and family history. Because of the increased longevity, it is becoming a disease of the elderly, thus contributing to the complexity of managing it in the ageing population. Diabetes also has implications for cancer and heart disease. Some studies have shown increased cancer risk in pre-diabetic and diabetic individuals. A recent major study draws firm conclusion that diabetes promotes a person’s risk of developing different types of cancer. The occurrence and mortality of cancer types, e.g., pancreas, liver, colorectal, breast, endometrial, and bladder cancers, may pro-duce a modest rise in diabetics. Women with diabetes are 27% likelier to develop cancer compared to healthy women. On the other hand, only 19% more men with diabetes are likely to develop cancer when compared to healthy men. Preventive measures such as proper diet, physical activity, weight management, smoking cessation, and controlling obesity may improve Type 2 diabetes (T2D) outcomes and some forms of cancer. Developing awareness of the genetic association relationship between T2D and coronary heart disease has begun to provide the potential for better prevention and treatment of both disorders. Significant preventive measures for diabetes include-the consumption of nutrients such as vitamin D, nuts, minerals chromium and mag-nesium, controlling weight, hypertension, plant foods, and a Mediterranean plant-based diet along with increased exercise. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Relationship of serum adiponectin levels with lipid profile in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnant women; Context: Adiponectin levels correlate positively with high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and negatively with serum triglyceride (TAG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and serum total cholesterol (TC). Aims: To find the relationship of serum adiponectin levels with lipid profiles in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnant women. Settings and Design: The study was performed in four public hospitals and one private tertiary care hospital in Peshawar, Pakistan. This study was a cross-sectional study. Methods and Material: Group A included 100 non-diabetic pregnant women, and Group B included 100 women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Inclusion criteria were a single fetus, 24 to 40 weeks pregnancy, with or without gestational diabetes. Exclusion criteria were multiple pregnancies, pre-existing diabetes, and other comorbidities. The serum adiponectin level and lipid profile of both groups were measured. Statistical Analysis Used: Descriptive analysis of all the variables was done. Independent-sample T-tests, Pearson's correlations, and binary logistic regression analyses were performed on SPSS version 20. Results: Adiponectin level was significantly lower in Group B (2.17 ± 1.84 μg/mL) as compared to Group A (9.94 ± 4.81 μg/mL). HDL level was significantly lower than normal in Group B. TC and LDL levels were higher than normal in both groups. A statistically significant relationship was found between adiponectin and HDL only. Binary logistic regression analysis showed that low adiponectin levels could predict diabetes in pregnancy. Conclusions: Regression analysis could not establish any relationship between adiponectin and lipid profile. However, adiponectin levels could show a relationship with the diabetic group. Hence adiponectin levels could possibly prove to be a biomarker of GDM. © 2023 Nigerian Journal of Basic and Clinical Sciences
Fibroblast growth factor 21 resistance is associated with body shape in patients with type 2 diabetes complicating hypertension; Objectives: Obesity, especially abdominal obesity, increases the prevalence of metabolic and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been identified as a critical regulator playing a therapeutic role in diabetes and its complications. This study aims to evaluate the relationship between serum FGF21 levels and body shape parameters in patients with hypertension (HP) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Serum FGF21 levels were determined in 1,003 subjects, including 745 patients with T2DM, and 258 individuals were selected as a healthy control in this cross-sectional study. Results: Serum FGF21 levels were significantly higher in T2DM patients with HP than those without [534.9 (322.6–722.2) vs. 220.65 (142.8–347.55) pg/ml, p < 0.001], and levels in both of these two groups were significantly increased compared with that of healthy control [123.92 (67.23–219.32) pg/ml, all p < 0.001]. These differences were also observed in body shape parameters, including weight, waistline, body mass index (BMI), body shape index (ABSI), and the percentage of abdominal obesity. Serum FGF21 levels in T2DM patients were positively correlated with body shape parameters, including weight, waistline, neck circumference, BMI, ABSI, percent of abdominal obesity, and triglyceride, while negatively with estimated glomerular filtration rate (all p < 0.01). The significance remained stable when adjusted for age and T2DM duration. In addition, both serum FGF21 concentrations and waistline were independently associated with HP in T2DM patients after the adjustment for risk factors (all p < 0.05). ROC analysis for FGF21 levels of 745 patients with T2DM identified 411.33 pg/ml as an optimal cut-off point to predict HP, with a sensitivity and specificity of 66.0% and 84.9%, respectively. Conclusions: FGF21 resistance occurs in patients of HP in T2DM, and positively correlates with body shape parameters (especially waistline and BMI). High levels of FGF21 may be a compensatory reaction to offset HP. 2023 Gan, Duan, Tang, Liu, Tian, Wu, Bi, Pan, Wang, Gao, Wang, Lin and Yang.
Integrated approach to testing and assessment and development in arsenic toxicology; Arsenic (As) is a ubiquitous element found in various environmental sources including water, air, soil, plants, and foodstuffs. The analysis of As is challenging, as it is readily metabolized and undergoes biotransformation which depends upon valence state and presence of methylated arsenicals. Physical, chemical, and biological variables such as pH, redox conditions, speciation, enzymatic activity, and genetic polymorphism significantly affect the analysis and assessment of As in vivo and in vitro. This chapter summarizes the occurrence of arsenic in various food products and crops along with the factors affecting biological and geological availability of As. There are few standard biomarkers to assess the presence of arsenicals in cellular system, however, the correlation of these biomarkers with the risk analysis is of great concern. Integrated modeling approach considering variation in exposure, duration, lifespan, and nutritional status may develop significant understanding of risk analysis of As exposure. The objective behind developing various risk assessment models and correlating them with biological and geographical factors is to define and clarify the extent of risk associated with As exposure. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus: a minireview; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal, foetal and neonatal outcomes and is increasing worldwide probably for the increasing rate of overweight and obesity, being the latter a major risk factor. To these women with well recognized risk factors some interventions to prevent GDM should be offered. In this way, possible interventions are diet and/ or exercise, metformin and myo-inositol. Diet and exercise are considered first line for the prevention of GDM, but in particular kind of pregnant women like obese, who usually follow unhealthy lifestyles, this type of intervention may fail. Metformin is usually used for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus type 2 and recently also for hyper-insulinemic infertile women affected by polycystic ovary syndrome with the aim to restore ovarian cycle and ovulation. In these women, metformin was given off-label throughout pregnancy, but in pro-spective, randomized trials, especially when obese women are involved, met-formin failed to prevent GDM. On the other hand, a supplement, myo-inositol demonstrated to reduce GDM rate when it was given since first trimester. This review analyses the effect of these three interventions for preventing GDM with the help of the most recent literature. © 2023, EDRA S.p.A. All rights reserved.
Circadian hormone secretion of enteroendocrine cells: implication on pregnancy status; The timing of food intake is a key cue for circadian rhythms in humans and animals. In response to food intake, gut hormones called incretin are produced by intestinal enteroendocrine cells in a circadian rhythm that stimulates insulin secretion and regulates body weight and energy expenditure. Pregnancy is associated with the expansion of β cells, the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, and excessive weight gain. The timing of food intake is a good way to address metabolic complications during pregnancy. The current review focuses on the circadian rhythms and biological actions of enteroendocrine hormones and their associations with pregnancy status, specifically topics like food intake and gut circadian rhythms, the circadian secretion of enteroendocrine peptides, and the effects of these factors during pregnancy. Copyright © 2023 Homeida, Homeida and Al-Suhaimi.
N6-methyladenosine RNA modification: an emerging molecule in type 2 diabetes metabolism; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a metabolic disease with an increasing rate of incidence worldwide. Despite the considerable progress in the prevention and intervention, T2D and its complications cannot be reversed easily after diagnosis, thereby necessitating an in-depth investigation of the pathophysiology. In recent years, the role of epigenetics has been increasingly demonstrated in the disease, of which N6-methyladenosine (m6A) is one of the most common post-transcriptional modifications. Interestingly, patients with T2D show a low m6A abundance. Thus, a comprehensive analysis and understanding of this phenomenon would improve our understanding of the pathophysiology, as well as the search for new biomarkers and therapeutic approaches for T2D. In this review, we systematically introduced the metabolic roles of m6A modification in organs, the metabolic signaling pathways involved, and the effects of clinical drugs on T2D. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Gu, Gang, Huang, Xiao and Ha.
Omentin-1 and diabetes: more evidence but far from enough; Aims and background: Omentin-1 (oment-1) is a type of adipokines that is mainly expressed in visceral fat tissue. Based on accumulating evidence, oment-1 is closely related to diabetes and its complications. However, so far data about oment-1 and diabetes is fragmented. In this review, we focus on the role of oment-1 on diabetes, including its possible signalling pathways, the correlation of circulating omens-1 levels with diabetes and its complications. Methods: The web of PubMed was searched for articles of relevant studies published until February, 2023. Results and conclusions: Oment-1 might exert its effects by inhibiting the NF-κB pathway and activating the Akt and AMPK-dependent pathways. The level of circulating oment-1 is negatively correlated with the occurrence of type 2 diabetes and some complications, including diabetic vascular disease, cardiomyopathy, and retinopathy, which can be affected by anti-diabetic therapies. Oment-1 could be a promising marker for screening and targeted therapy for diabetes and its complications; however, more studies are still needed. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Cyclocarya paliurus leaves extracts alleviate metabolic phenotypes in Chinese T2DM patients by modulating gut microbiota and metabolites: a clinical randomized controlled trial; Objective: We aimed to investigate the effect of Cyclocarya paliurus leaves extracts (CP) on glucose and blood lipid metabolism and its relationship with intestinal flora in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Methods: In this open-label, 84-day randomized controlled trial, a total of 38 T2DM patients were randomly assigned to the CP group or the Glipizide group (G group) in a 2:1 ratio. T2DM-associated metabolic phenotypes, gut microbiota and metabolites including short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and bile acids (BAs) were detected. Results: At the end of intervention, CP, like Glipizide, significantly improved HbA1c level and other glucose metabolism parameters (fasting plasma glucose (FBG), 2-hour post-meal blood glucose (2hPBG), the area under curve of oral glucose tolerance test glucose (OGTT glucose AUC)). Moreover, CP also resulted in the significant improvement in the levels of blood lipid and blood pressure. Notably, the improvement in blood lipid(triglycerides (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c)) and blood pressure (diastolic blood pressure (DBP)) was significantly greater in the CP group compared with the G group. Furthermore, the liver and kidney function parameters did not significantly change in both CP group and the G group over the 84-day period. Additionally, the enrichment of potentially beneficial bacteria (Faecalibacterium and Akkermansia), SCFAs and unconjugated BAs and the depletion of potential pathogenic bacteria (Prevotella_9) and conjugated BAs were observed in the CP group, while the abundances of the gut microbial were kept stable in the G group after intervention. Conclusion: CP displays a more beneficial effect in the alleviation of T2DM-associated metabolic phenotypes than glipizide by regulating gut microbiota and metabolites in T2DM patients, with no significant effects on liver and kidney function. Copyright © 2023 Peng, Chen, Zhong, Li, Wu, Zhong, Chen, Yang, Zeng and Tang.
Obesity contributes to hepatocellular carcinoma development via immunosuppressive microenvironment remodeling; It is generally recognized that the initiation of obesity-related hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is closely associated with hepatic inflammation. However, the paradoxical role of inflammation in the initiation and progression of HCC is highlighted by the fact that the inflammatory HCC is accompanied by significant immune effector cells infiltration compared to non-inflammatory HCC and HCC with enhanced immune response exhibits better survival. Importantly, the cancer progression has been primarily attributed to the immunosuppression, which can also be induced by obesity. Furthermore, the increased risk of viral infection and thus viral-HCC in obese individuals supports the view that obesity contributes to HCC via immunosuppression. Here, we have reviewed the various mechanisms responsible for obesity-induced tumor immune microenvironment and immunosuppression in obesity-related HCC. We highlight that the obesity-induced immunosuppression originates from lipid disorder as well as metabolic reprogramming and propose potential therapeutic strategy for HCC based on the current success of immunotherapy. Copyright © 2023 Yang, He, Feng and Xiang.
Genetic basis of metabolism and inflammation in PCOS; PCOS is a complex and heterogeneous disorder characterized by hyperandrogenemia, insulin resistance, and chronic anovulation affecting 6%–10% women of childbearing age worldwide. It is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder in reproductive age women with an enigmatic pathophysiologic and molecular basis. PCOS is a heterogeneous disorder that defined by a combination of signs and symptoms of androgen excess (hirsutism and/or hyperandrogenemia) and ovarian dysfunction (oligo-ovulation and/or polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM)). Besides, many body systems are affected in PCOS, resulting in several health complications, including menstrual dysfunction, infertility, hirsutism, acne, and metabolic syndrome. Insulin resistance, obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular issues, dyslipidemia, etc., are comorbidities of PCOS. Due to the complex etiology and its heterogeneous nature, the cause of PCOS is unknown, but studies suggest that PCOS might be a complex multigenic disorder with strong epigenetic and environmental influences, including diet and other lifestyle issues. Currently, PCOS is considered a polygenic trait that might result from the interaction of susceptible and protective genomic variants and environmental factors, during either prenatal or postnatal life. Twin studies of heredity provide the most rigorous demonstration that the disorder has genetic components, which showed that genetic influences explain over 70% of PCOS pathogenesis. Recent years, several studies have shown that women with PCOS present with chronic low-grade inflammation and metabolic disorders, indicating that inflammatory factors and metabolites contribute to the development of PCOS. Risk factors causing multiple aberrations in steroidogenesis, folliculogenesis, metabolic pathways and low-grade inflammation are continuously recognized, but the key abnormality escapes detection. In this chapter, we will explore the genetic basis of metabolism and inflammation in PCOS. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Serum amyloid A and metabolic disease: evidence for a critical role in chronic inflammatory conditions; Serum amyloid A (SAA) subtypes 1–3 are well-described acute phase reactants that are elevated in acute inflammatory conditions such as infection, tissue injury, and trauma, while SAA4 is constitutively expressed. SAA subtypes also have been implicated as playing roles in chronic metabolic diseases including obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, and possibly in autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and inflammatory bowel disease. Distinctions between the expression kinetics of SAA in acute inflammatory responses and chronic disease states suggest the potential for differentiating SAA functions. Although circulating SAA levels can rise up to 1,000-fold during an acute inflammatory event, elevations are more modest (∼5-fold) in chronic metabolic conditions. The majority of acute-phase SAA derives from the liver, while in chronic inflammatory conditions SAA also derives from adipose tissue, the intestine, and elsewhere. In this review, roles for SAA subtypes in chronic metabolic disease states are contrasted to current knowledge about acute phase SAA. Investigations show distinct differences between SAA expression and function in human and animal models of metabolic disease, as well as sexual dimorphism of SAA subtype responses. 2023 den Hartigh, May, Zhang, Chait and Blaser.
Mitochondrial-Encoded Peptide MOTS-c, Diabetes, and Aging-Related Diseases; Mitochondria are complex metabolic organelles with manifold pathophysiological implications in diabetes. Currently published mitochondrial-encoded peptides, which are expressed from the mitochondrial open reading frame of the 12S ribosomal RNA type-c (MOTS-c), 16S rRNA (humanin and short humanin like peptide 1-6 [SHLP1-6]), or small human mitochondrial open reading frame over serine tRNA (SHMOOSE) are associated with regulation of cellular metabolism and insulin action in age-related diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus. This review focuses mainly on recent advances in MOTS-c research with regards to diabetes, including both type 1 and type 2. The emerging understanding of MOTS-c in diabetes may provide insight into the development of new therapies for diabetes and other age or senescence-related diseases. Copyright © 2023 Korean Diabetes Association.
A theoretical model of dietary lipid variance as the origin of primary ciliary dysfunction in preeclampsia; Serving as the cell’s key interface in communicating with the outside world, primary cilia have emerged as an area of multidisciplinary research interest over the last 2 decades. Although the term “ciliopathy” was first used to describe abnormal cilia caused by gene mutations, recent studies focus on abnormalities of cilia that are found in diseases without clear genetic antecedents, such as obesity, diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease. Preeclampsia, a hypertensive disease of pregnancy, is intensely studied as a model for cardiovascular disease partially due to many shared pathophysiologic elements, but also because changes that develop over decades in cardiovascular disease arise in days with preeclampsia yet resolve rapidly after delivery, thus providing a time-lapse view of the development of cardiovascular pathology. As with genetic primary ciliopathies, preeclampsia affects multiple organ systems. While aspirin delays the onset of preeclampsia, there is no cure other than delivery. The primary etiology of preeclampsia is unknown; however, recent reviews emphasize the fundamental role of abnormal placentation. During normal embryonic development, trophoblastic cells, which arise from the outer layer of the 4-day-old blastocyst, invade the maternal endometrium and establish extensive placental vascular connections between mother and fetus. In primary cilia of trophoblasts, Hedgehog and Wnt/catenin signaling operate upstream of vascular endothelial growth factor to advance placental angiogenesis in a process that is promoted by accessible membrane cholesterol. In preeclampsia, impaired proangiogenic signaling combined with an increase in apoptotic signaling results in shallow invasion and inadequate placental function. Recent studies show primary cilia in preeclampsia to be fewer in number and shortened with functional signaling abnormalities. Presented here is a model that integrates preeclampsia lipidomics and physiology with the molecular mechanisms of liquid–liquid phase separation in model membrane studies and the known changes in human dietary lipids over the last century to explain how changes in dietary lipids might reduce accessible membrane cholesterol and give rise to shortened cilia and defects in angiogenic signaling, which underlie placental dysfunction of preeclampsia. This model offers a possible mechanism for non-genetic dysfunction in cilia and proposes a proof-of-concept study to treat preeclampsia with dietary lipids. Copyright © 2023 Hart.
Drugs Targeting NLRP3 Inflammasome in the Treatment of Diabetic Bone Disorders; Background: Growing pieces of evidence demonstrate a close relationship between bone regeneration disorders of diabetic patients and NOD-like receptor thermal protein domain associated protein 3 (NLRP3). Drugs targeting NLRP3 in the treatment of diabetic bone disorders have been heatedly discussed in recent years, and new R&D ideas should be explored. Objective: This review analyzes molecular mechanisms of how hyperglycemia activates NLRP3 and leads to bone disorders in diabetic patients. Also, this review focuses on the research of drugs targeting NLRP3 inflammasome in the treatment of diabetic bone disorders, and eventually points out the ideas for new drug development. Results: In diabetic patients, hyperglycemia ultimately increases the expression of NLRP3 inflammasome which cleaves pro-IL-1β into mature IL-1β by caspase-1, leading to impaired bone formation. Drugs targeting NLRP3 inflammasome are divided into two categories. Indirect-acting drugs for NLRP3 inflammasomes include dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors, lipoxygen A4, epigallocatechin gallate, and vitamin D3. Direct-acting drugs include Glyburide, Dioscin, and Pristimerin. Conclusion: The presented studies indicate that hyperglycemia is the initiating factor for NLRP3-induced bone disorders in diabetic patients. The main drug targets are the molecules relevant to the assembly and activation of NLRP3 inflammasome. These data may provide a theoretical basis for the further development of drugs targeting NLRP3 inflammasome in the treatment of diabetic bone disorders. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Carbohydrate metabolism and the species composition of the intestinal microbiota in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus has increased significantly and has become a global health problem, affecting 9.3–25.5% of pregnant women worldwide. Violation of the interaction of various body systems with the intestinal microbiota can be the cause of the development of insulin resistance. The study of the state of the intestinal microbiota based on the results of the study of the species composition of microorganisms in feces by the polymerase chain reaction method is necessary to understand the mechanisms of gestational diabetes mellitus development. AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the intestinal microbiota status in women with normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We examined 51 pregnant women in the period 2020-2022. The average age of women with normal pregnancy (n = 20) and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 31) was 29 (27.0; 32.5) and 31 (27.0; 35.0) years, respectively. The intestinal microbiota status was assessed based on the microbial species composition in feces using real-time polymerase chain reaction. All women underwent a test for carbohydrate metabolism at various gestation periods. RESULTS: We have established a positive relation between Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron and Body Mass Index before pregnancy (r = 0.42). The number of Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimesters of gestation positively correlated with the initial weight of women before pregnancy (r = 0.60, r = 0.52, r = 0.47, respectively; p < 0.05). The Bacteroides spp. / Faecalibacterium prausnitzii ratio in women with gestational diabetes mellitus was negatively correlated with the average blood glucose level in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy (r = –0.81; p < 0.05). Parvimonas micra positively correlated with venous plasma glucose levels in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (r = 0.58; p < 0.05). A positive relationship was obtained between the number of Escherichia coli in pregnant women in the 1st trimester and the average glucose level in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy (r = 0.41; p < 0.05). It was demonstrated that the growth of Bacteroides fragilis in the large intestine of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy correlated with subnormal blood glucose levels (r = –0.77; p < 0.05), which may be due to a diet disorder (insufficient carbohydrate intake) or insulin overdose, which can lead to hypoglycemic conditions. In the group of women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a positive correlation was obtained between glycated hemoglobin level and the opportunistic pathogen Klebsiella pneumoniae representative amount in the 1st trimester of pregnancy (r = 0.46; p < 0.05). In addition, we have found positive relations between the Citrobacter spp. / Enterobacter spp. ratio and the maximum blood glucose level in women with gestational diabetes mellitus in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimesters of pregnancy (r = 0.49, r = 0.43, r = 0.47, respectively; p < 0.05). The difference in the intake of dietary fiber in the control group and in the group of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus was obtained: 2 (1; 3) and 1 (1; 1), respectively (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Data have been obtained confirming the relationship between disorders of the colon microbiocenosis and carbohydrate metabolism in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus. A relationship has been found between insufficient intake of dietary fiber and the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus. © Eco-Vector, 2023.
Effect of Tinospora cordifolia on gestational diabetes mellitus and its complications; Ayurvedic system of medicine uses giloy or guduchi, also known as Tinospora cordifolia (TC), to treat diabetes and related diseases like hyperglycemia and hyperlipididemia. However, its usage in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not well studied. The primary objective of the study was to examine the effects of water extract of TC called satva, essential oil, and hydroalcoholic (HA) extract on GDM and its complications and to explore their mechanism of action using mice model. We used streptozotocin-induced diabetes in pregnant mice as murine model and tested TC preparations for anti-GDM activities. Blood glucose, insulin, litter size, and placental weight were assessed. ELISA method was used to measure plasma insulin level to compute homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), and homeostatic model assessment for assessing beta cell function (HOMA-Beta) levels to estimate insulin resistance, insulin sensitivity, and beta cell function respectively. TC-treated groups had significantly higher serum insulin levels, QUICKI, average litter size, and lower placental weight (p <.001). TC oil and HA extract increased pancreatic beta cell activity according to the level of HOMA-Beta. TC lowered placenta weight and increased litter size significantly compared to control group. Our findings suggest that TC preparations preserve pancreatic beta cells, increase insulin production, decrease insulin resistance, and improve beta cell function, hence preventing GDM. TC preparations also reduced placental weight and increased litter size in mice. Based on these results, we recommend the clinical trial and testing of TC preparations for management of GDM and associated complications. Refer graphical abstract (Figure S1). © 2023 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Gut Microbiota: Interactive Effects on Nutrition and Health, Second Edition; Building off the success of the first edition, Gut Microbiota: Interactive Effects on Nutrition and Health, Second Edition, details the complex relationship between diet, the gut microbiota, and health. This second edition expands its coverage of emerging practical applications in nutrition and medicine. Covering topics such as the ecological concepts that apply to the gut microbiota and the effects of aging on the gut microbiome, among others, this book is sure to be a welcome resource to microbiome science trainees, food and nutrition researchers working in academia, and industry and healthcare professionals giving dietary recommendations to the general public. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Supplements and Functional Foods in the Management of Endocrine Disorders; Endocrine and metabolic disorders are of major concern in humans. Meanwhile, the role of dietary intervention in the management of endocrine disorders has been extensively reported. Functional foods and nutraceuticals (which are foods or a part of foods, such as supplements) are considered as a new diet-health paradigm. This chapter reviews the beneficial and disadvantageous roles of fundamental functional foods/supplements such as vitamins, minerals, fibers, and flavonoids in major endocrine disorders including metabolic syndrome, different types of diabetes mellitus, and thyroid disorders. In general, the cardio-protective, lipid-lowering, anti-diabetic, and thyroid-protective roles of flavonoids, fibers, and vitamins and minerals including vitamin C, vitamin D, and omega-3 supplements have been declared in literature. However, major concerns are focused on the related advantageous dose and duration of intakes as well as the presence of any environmental contaminants in these supplements and foods, some of which are reported to be associated with impaired endocrine signaling and metabolism. Overall, although evidence on functional foods emphasizes the positive aspects of diets that provide medical or health benefits for the prevention and the treatment of a disorder, there is no consensus on the persistent use of nutraceuticals and functional foods/supplements. It seems that taking supplements beyond the daily requirement has no greater benefit in patients with endocrine disorders who do not have nutritional deficiencies. However, patients with an increased need for extra nutrients, or those who cannot meet the daily requirements of nutrients through routine dietary intakes, may benefit more from taking supplements. Altogether, nutraceuticals may be effective in mediating endocrine disorders, though their full benefits are still not clear. That is why the primary choice for the management of endocrine disorders is to follow a healthy diet with medications prescribed by expert physicians. © 2023 selection and editorial matter, Syam Mohan, Shima Abdollahi, and Yashwant V. Pathak; individual chapters, the contributors.
The roles of sirtuins in ferroptosis; Ferroptosis represents a novel non-apoptotic form of regulated cell death that is driven by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation and plays vital roles in various diseases including cardiovascular diseases, neurodegenerative disorders and cancers. Plenty of iron metabolism-related proteins, regulators of lipid peroxidation, and oxidative stress-related molecules are engaged in ferroptosis and can regulate this complex biological process. Sirtuins have broad functional significance and are targets of many drugs in the clinic. Recently, a growing number of studies have revealed that sirtuins can participate in the occurrence of ferroptosis by affecting many aspects such as redox balance, iron metabolism, and lipid metabolism. This article reviewed the studies on the roles of sirtuins in ferroptosis and the related molecular mechanisms, highlighting valuable targets for the prevention and treatment of ferroptosis-associated diseases. Copyright © 2023 Zeng, Guo, Huang, Cheng, Luo, Xu, Chen, Ma and Wang.
THE ROLE OF FATTY ACID SYNTASE IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF FETAL MACROSOMIA IN WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS AND THREATENED LATE MISCARRIAGE IN THE SECOND TRIMESTER OF PREGNANCY; Currently, there has been an increased incidence of macrosomia, that negatively affects newborn’s future life and health. There is no data in literature on the effect of serum fatty acid synthase (FAS) on threatened miscarriage in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Serum FAS concentrations have not been previously assessed to predict macrosomia. Objective: To compare serum FAS concentrations between women with GDM and threatened miscarriage that was diagnosed in the second trimester of pregnancy and women without GDM and with threatened miscarriage that was diagnosed in the second trimester. Materials and methods: The main group included 25 patients with GDM and miscarriage, diagnosed in the second trimester of pregnancy. The comparison group consisted of 30 women with miscarriage diagnosed in the second trimester of pregnancy. Results: The number of microsomic babies was higher in the main group versus the comparison group (15/25 (60.0%), 4/30 (13.33%), p=0.002). Serum concentrations in women in the main group was higher (1.64 ng/ml (1.13; 1.98); 0.8 ng/ml (0.3075; 1.55); p<0.001). The comparison between pregnant women with fetal macrosomia and women without fetal macrosomia showed high diagnostic ROC AUC value=0.867 (95% CI 0.67–0.96). Sensitivity was 87.5% (95% CI 70.3–93.4), specificity was 88.9% (95% CI 58.3–99.4), the prognostic value of positive results was 93.3% (95% CI 75.0–99.6), and the prognostic value of negative results was 80.0% (95% CI 52.5–89.5). Conclusion: It is probable that detection of serum FAS concentration can be considered as a promising method for prediction of macrosomia. However further studies are necessary in this area. © 2023, Bionika Media Ltd.. All rights reserved.
The Roles of Natural Alkaloids and Polyphenols in Lipid Metabolism: Therapeutic Implications and Potential Targets in Metabolic Diseases; The prevalence of obesity and its associated diseases has increased dramatical-ly, and they are major threats to human health worldwide. A variety of approaches, such as physical training and drug therapy, can be used to reduce weight and reverse associated diseases; however, the efficacy and the prognosis are often unsatisfactory. It has been reported that natural food-based small molecules can prevent obesity and its associated diseases. Among them, alkaloids and polyphenols have been demonstrated to regulate lipid metabolism by enhancing energy metabolism, promoting lipid phagocytosis, inhibiting adipocyte proliferation and differentiation, and enhancing the intestinal microbial community to alleviate obesity. This review summarizes the regulatory mechanisms and metabolic pathways of these natural small molecules and reveals that the binding targets of most of these molecules are still undefined, which limits the study of their regulatory mechanisms and prevents their further application. In this review, we describe the use of Discovery Studio for the reverse docking of related small molecules and provide new insights for target protein prediction, scaffold hopping, and mechanistic studies in the fu-ture. These studies will provide a theoretical basis for the modernization of anti-obesity drugs and promote the discovery of novel drugs. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Dietary intake and serum concentrations of vitamin A and vitamin E and pre-eclampsia risk in Chinese pregnant women: A matched case-control study; Background: Many studies have suggested that the serum concentrations of vitamin A (VA) and vitamin E (VE) influence preeclampsia (PE) risk in pregnant women. However, few studies have assessed whether dietary intake and serum concentrations of VA and VE are correlated with PE risk. Methods: A 1:1 matched case-control study was conducted to explore the association between the dietary intake and serum concentrations of VA and VE and the risk of PE in pregnant Chinese women. A total of 440 pregnant women with PE and 440 control pregnant women were included in the study. Dietary information was obtained using a 78-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Serum concentrations of VA and VE were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Results: Compared with the lowest quartile, the multivariate-adjusted odds ratios [95% confidence interval (CI)] of the highest quartiles were 0.62 (95% CI: 0.40-0.96, P trend = 0.02) for VA, 0.51 (95% CI: 0.33–0.80, P trend =0.002) for β-carotene, and 0.70 (95% CI: 0.45–1.08, P trend = 0.029) for retinol. Additionally, for serum VA and VE concentrations, the multivariate-adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) were 2.75 (95% CI: 1.24–6.13, P trend = 0.002) and 11.97 (95% CI: 4.01–35.77, P trend < 0.001), respectively. No significant association was seen between VE intake and PE risk. Conclusions: Dietary VA intake was negatively correlated with PE risk, and serum VA and VE concentrations were positively correlated with PE risk among pregnant Chinese women. Copyright © 2023 Liu, Ma, Huang, Bo, Fu, Cao, Duan, Dou, Zeng, Wang, Gong, Zhang, Lyu and Zhao.
Association between body mass index and reversion to normoglycemia from impaired fasting glucose among Chinese adults: a 5-year cohort study; Objective: Evidence regarding the relationship between body mass index (BMI) and reversion to normoglycemia from prediabetes is still limited. The purpose of our study is to survey the link of BMI on reversion to normoglycemia among patients with impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Methods: This study, a retrospective cohort, covered 32 regions and 11 cities in China and collected 258,74 IFG patients who underwent a health check from 2010 to 2016. We investigated the association between baseline BMI and reversion to normoglycemia in patients with IFG using the Cox proportional-hazards regression model. The nonlinear relationship between BMI and reversion to normoglycemia was determined using a Cox proportional hazards regression with cubic spline functions and smooth curve fitting. In addition, we also performed a series of sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses. A competing risk multivariate Cox regression was performed using progression to diabetes as a competing risk for reversal of normoglycemic events. Results: After adjusting covariates, the results showed that BMI was negatively related to the probability of reversion to normoglycemia (HR=0.977, 95%CI:0.971-0.984). Compared with participants with normal BMI(<24kg/m2), overweight (BMI:24-28kg/m2) participants with IFG had a 9.9% lower probability of returning to normoglycemia (HR=0.901,95%CI:0.863-0.939), while obese patients (BMI ≥ 28kg/m2) had a 16.9% decreased probability of reverting from IFG to normoglycemia (HR=0.831,95%CI:0.780-0.886). There was also a nonlinear relationship between them, and the inflection point of BMI was 21.7kg/m2. The effect sizes (HR) on the left sides of the inflection point were 0.972(95%CI:0.964-0.980). The competing risks multivariate Cox’s regression and sensitivity analysis demonstrated the robustness of our results. Conclusion: This study demonstrates a negative and nonlinear relationship between BMI and reversion to normoglycemia in Chinese patients with IFG. Minimizing BMI to 21.7 kg/m2 in patients with IFG through aggressive intervention may significantly increase the probability of returning to normoglycemia. Copyright © 2023 Han, Hu, Huang and Liu.
Epigenetics of the pathogenesis and complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Epigenetics of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has widened our knowledge of various aspects of the disease. The aim of this review is to summarize the important epigenetic changes implicated in the disease risks, pathogenesis, complications and the evolution of therapeutics in our current understanding of T2DM. Studies published in the past 15 years, from 2007 to 2022, from three primary platforms namely PubMed, Google Scholar and Science Direct were included. Studies were searched using the primary term 'type 2 diabetes and epigenetics' with additional terms such as risks , pathogenesis , complications of diabetes and therapeutics . Epigenetics plays an important role in the transmission of T2DM from one generation to another. Epigenetic changes are also implicated in the two basic pathogenic components of T2DM, namely insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion. Hyperglycaemia-induced permanent epigenetic modifications of the expression of DNA are responsible for the phenomenon of metabolic memory. Epigenetics influences the development of micro-and macrovascular complications of T2DM. They can also be used as biomarkers in the prediction of these complications. Epigenetics has expanded our understanding of the action of existing drugs such as metformin, and has led to the development of newer targets to prevent vascular complications. Epigenetic changes are involved in almost all aspects of T2DM, from risks, pathogenesis and complications, to the development of newer therapeutic targets.  © Touch Medical Media 2023.
Association between serum alkaline phosphatase and type 2 diabetes mellitus with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective To investigate the association between serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP)and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods A total of 599 patients with T2DM who were hospitalized in Department of Endocrinology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, from July 2016 to December 2018 were enrolled as subjects. According to the presence or absence of NAFLD, the patients were divided into NAFLD group with 286 patients and non - NAFLD group with 313 patients, and according to the results of abdominal ultrasound, the patients with NAFLD were divided into mild group with 111 patients, moderate group with 105 patients, and severe group with 70 patients. General clinical data were compared between groups. The independent samples t - test was used for comparison of normally distributed continuous data between two groups, and an analysis of variance was used for comparison between three groups;the Mann - Whitney U test was used for comparison of non - normally distributed continuous data between two groups, and the Kruskal - Wallis H test was used for comparison between three groups;the chi - square test was used for comparison of categorical data between groups. Pearson correlation analysis and Spearman correlation analysis were used to investigate the correlation between ALP and clinical indices, and a logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the influencing factors for NAFLD. Results Compared with the non - NAFLD group, the NAFLD group had significantly higher proportion of patients with history of hypertension (χ2 = 7. 864, P < 0. 05), systolic blood pressure (t = - 2. 226, P < 0. 05), diastolic blood pressure (t = - 3. 800, P < 0. 05), body mass index (BMI)(t = - 11. 842, P < 0. 05), waist circumference (WC)(t = - 9. 150, P < 0. 05), fast-ing insulin (FINS)(Z = - 6. 173, P < 0. 05), fasting C - peptide (t = - 5. 419, P < 0. 05), serum uric acid (t = - 4. 957, P < 0. 05), low - density lipoprotein cholesterol (t = - 2. 702, P < 0. 05), triglyceride (Z = - 9. 376, P < 0. 05), total cholesterol (TC)(t = - 3. 016, P < 0. 05), Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA - IR)(Z = - 5. 794, P < 0. 05), alanine aminotransferase (ALT)(Z = - 6. 737, P < 0. 05), aspartate aminotransferase (AST)(Z = - 4. 389, P < 0. 05), gamma - glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT)(Z = - 7. 764, P < 0. 05), and ALP (t = - 2. 833, P < 0. 05), as well as significantly lower age (t = 2. 184, P < 0. 05)and high - density lipoprotein cholesterol (Z = - 5. 273, P < 0. 05). The severity of NAFLD (mild, moderate or severe)was positively correlated with age (rs = 0. 140, P < 0. 05), BMI (rs = 0. 239, P < 0. 05), WC (rs = 0. 222, P < 0. 05), FINS (rs = 0. 191, P < 0. 05), HOMA - IR (rs = 0. 218, P < 0. 05), ALT (rs = 0. 188, P < 0. 05), AST (rs = 0. 279, P < 0. 05), GGT (rs = 0. 202, P < 0. 05), and ALP (rs = 0. 361, P < 0. 05). In the patients with T2DM and NAFLD, ALP was positively correlated with HbAlc (r = 0. 149, P < 0. 05), fasting plasma glucose (r = 0. 146, P < 0. 05), HOMA - IR (rs = 0. 132, P < 0. 05), TC (r = 0. 151, P < 0. 05), ALT (rs = 0. 210, P < 0. 05), AST (rs = 0. 192, P < 0. 05), and GGT (rs = 0. 297, P < 0. 05). The logistic regression analysis showed that ALP was an influencing factor for NAFLD in patients with T2DM (odds ratio = 1. 013, 95% confidence interval:1. 004 - 1. 023, P < 0. 05). Conclusion Elevated serum ALP is a risk factor for T2DM with NAFLD and is closely associated with hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and hyperlipemia, and ALP may play a role in the development and progression of T2DM and NAFLD. © Editorial Board of Jilin University. All Rights Reserved.
Utilization of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in children and adolescents in China: a real-world study; Background: Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) have been widely used in treating type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity in adults, but scientific research about the indication in children and adolescents is scarce. The current study aims to explore the prescriptions of GLP-1RAs in children and adolescents in China and to evaluate its rationality. Methods: GLP-1RA prescriptions of children and adolescents were retrospectively obtained from the Hospital Prescription Analysis Cooperative Project. The study extracted information on patient’s demographic characteristics, monotherapy and combination therapy of GLP-1RAs, and trends in GLP-1RA usage from 2016 to 2021. The rationality of GLP-1RA prescriptions was comprehensively assessed based on the indications approved by China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA), Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA), and published randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Results: A total of 234 prescriptions from 46 hospitals were included, with a median age of 17 years old. The majority of patients were diagnosed with overweight/obesity or prediabetes/diabetes, accounting for 43.59% and 46.15%, respectively. There were 88 patients on GLP-1RA monotherapy. GLP-1RAs plus metformin was the most common combination therapy (38.89%). 12.39% of patients were found a co-administration with orlistat. The share of overweight/obesity prescriptions increased from 27% in 2016 to 54% in 2021, whereas prediabetes/diabetes prescriptions declined from 55% to 42%. The prescriptions were divided into appropriate and questionable groups according to the diagnosis, and the potentially questionable prescription was related to age (p = 0.017), department visited (p = 0.002), and any hospitalization (p < 0.001). Conclusions: This study described the prescribing of GLP-1RAs in children and adolescents. Our findings indicated that the utilization of GLP-1RAs has increased from 2016 to 2021. There was a strong basis for administering GLP-1RAs in overweight/obesity and prediabetes/diabetes, whereas the evidence was insufficient in other conditions. It is crucial to demand robust and sustained efforts to enhance the awareness of the safety of utilization of GLP-1RAs in children and adolescents. Copyright © 2023 Yan, Gong, Jiang, Gao, Guo, Huo, Zhao and Li.
Elevated Hepatic Steatosis Index is Associated with the Development of Adverse Maternal, but Not Adverse Neonatal, Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Objective: To determine whether an elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI), a non-invasive test for possible metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), is associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Material and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at two tertiary hospitals from August 2014 to December 2017. Aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransaminase (ALT) levels obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were extracted and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The HSI was calculated using the following equation: 8 × (ALT/AST ratio) + BMI (+2 if female; +2 if diabetes mellitus present) and considered elevated if >36. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to quantify the association between elevated HSI and each composite adverse pregnancy outcome after adjusting for independent maternal risk factors. Results: Over 40-months, 11929 women were eligible and of these, 1885 had liver enzymes collected. Women with an elevated HSI (>36) were more likely multiparous and overweight/obese compared to those women with a non–elevated HSI (≤36). Elevated HSI was significantly associated with a composite of adverse maternal outcomes (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.55 95% CI 1.11–2.17, p=0.01), although a non-significant increased risk of a composite of adverse neonatal outcomes occurred after multivariable adjustment (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 0.94–1.45, p=0.17). Conclusion: Over and above known maternal risk factors, women with elevated HSI were more likely to develop adverse maternal, but not adverse neonatal outcomes. © 2023 Chai et al.
The link between vitamin D, chemerin and metabolic profile in overweight and obese children - preliminary results; Background: Vitamin D affects adipogenesis, oxidative stress, inflammation, secretion of adipocytokines, lipid metabolism and thermogenesis. Some researchers postulate that those effects could be exerted by the influence of vitamin D on chemerin levels. Aim of the study: We aimed to investigate if there is a link between serum 25-hydroksyvitamin D [25(OH)D], chemerin and metabolic profile in overweight and obese children before and after vitamin D supplementation. Material and methods: The prospective study included 65 overweight and obese children aged 9.08-17.5 years and 26 peers as a control. None of the patients in the study group had received vitamin D within the last twelve months before the study. Results: The study group had lower baseline 25(OH)D (p<0.001) and higher chemerin (p<0.001), triglycerides (TG, p<0.001), triglycerides/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C, p<0.001), C-reactive protein (CRP, p<0.05), fasting insulin (p<0.001), Homeostasis Model Assessment - Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR, p<0.001), alanine aminotransferase (ALT, p<0.001) and uric acid (p<0.001) compared to the control group. Baseline vitamin D was related to fasting insulin (R=-0.29, p=0.021), HOMA-IR (R=-0.30, p=0.016), HDL-C (R=0.29, p=0.020) and uric acid (R=-0.28, p=0.037) in the study group. Baseline chemerin was related to insulin at 30’ (R=0.27, p=0.030), 60’ (R=0.27, p=0.033), 90’ (R=0.26, p=0.037) and 120’ (R=0.26, p=0.040) during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and ALT (R=0.25, p=0.041) in the study group. Correlation between vitamin D and chemerin (R=-0.39, p=0.046) was found only in the control group. After six months of vitamin D supplementation a decrease in CRP (p<0.01), total cholesterol (p<0.05), ALT (p<0.01), glucose at 150’ OGTT (p<0.05) was observed. Moreover, we noticed a tendency for negative association between 25(OH)D and chemerin levels (p=0.085). Multivariable backward linear regression models were build using baseline vitamin D, baseline chemerin and six months chemerin as the dependent variables. Conclusions: Our study confirmed that vitamin D has positive effect on metabolic profile in overweight and obese children. The relationship between vitamin D and chemerin is not clear, nevertheless we have observed a tendency to decrease chemerin concentrations after improving vitamin D status, even without a significant reduction in body fat mass. Copyright © 2023 Krajewska, Witkowska-Sędek, Rumińska, Kucharska, Stelmaszczyk-Emmel, Sobol, Majcher and Pyrżak.
Understanding human diet, disease, and insulin resistance: scientific and evolutionary perspectives; Nutritional authorities promote high-carbohydrate, low-fat diets to combat modern diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes and heart disease. However, the science behind this ideology is flawed. Virtually everything the public knows about diet can be challenged. The foods that cause harm are the very food groups the public believes are healthy: carbohydrates and polyunsaturated vegetable oils. Conversely, human physiology, from brain size to gastrointestinal morphology appears to support a carnivorous design. While low amounts of certain carbohydrates are tolerable, chronic consumption of processed carbohydrates promotes non-communicable diseases (NCDs). Indigenous cultures adopting modern agriculture develop diseases practically absent beforehand. Processed foods have been linked to systemic inflammation, mitochondrial dysfunction, and more. Their mechanism is insulin resistance, which is crucially involved in most NCDs. The chronic disease pandemic only worsens despite the billions of dollars invested to treat them. A new perspective is needed. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of elevated HbA1c on liver and its function in patients with Type II diabetes-mellitus; Background: Type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a huge public health problem. T2DM patients are more prone to hyperlipidemia, which make the patients at great chance of developing macrovascular and microvascular diseas-es. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level is a great indica-tor for glycemic control and to determining the possibility of diabetes complications and mortality. Materials, methods and subjects: This cross sectional study was performed at Al-Wafaa diabetic center in Mosul city from December 2021 to February 2022. All patients were known to have T2DM. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated, and patients were divided to two groups, patients with fatty liver (FL) and patients without FL depending on ultrasonography examination. The biochemical blood tests were done to determine HbA1c, lipid profile and liver transaminases levels (GOT and GPT). Results: One hundred T2DM patients were registered for our study, and of those patients, 68 (68%) male and 32 (32%) female they were divided to two groups depending on ultrasound finding: GroupI: thirty nine (39) patients with non fatty liver. Group II: this group includes 61 patients with FL. Fatty liver was detected in 61% of the patients. Diabetic with FL had a mean BMI of 30.90 vs. 26.66 for non fatty liver patients. The mean value for HbA1c, total cholesterol(TC), low density lipoproteins(LDL), triglyceride(Tg), high density lipoproteins(HDL), GOT and GPT values for diabetic patients with non fatty liver compared to FL diabetic patients were 7.2% vs. 9.1 %, 200.1 mg/dl vs.235.24 mg/dl.110 mg/dl vs 160 mg/ dl, 145.5mg/dl vs. 230.3mg/dl, 42.4mg/dl vs. 44.4 mg/ dl, 19.3 IU/L vs. 22.3 IU/L and 19.8 IU/L vs. 25.2 IU/L respectively. There was a highly significant positive correlation(r) between plasma HbA1c with triglyceride (Tg) and GPT. Conclusion: Our study has showed that elevated HbA1c and triglyceride in T2DM with high GOT and GPT is sig-nificantly accompanied with FL disease. Early detection of non alcoholic fatty liver in T2DM is important to pre-vent progress of the disease and minimize morbidity and mortality. Modified lipid profile is one of major feature of diabetes mellitus. © 2023, Venezuelan Society of Pharmacology and Clinical and Therapeutic Pharmacology. All rights reserved.
Hepatoprotective effect of protocatechuic acid against type 2 diabetes-induced liver injury; Context: Protocatechuic acid (PCA) has a protective effect on alcoholic liver injury, but the role of PCA in type 2 diabetes-induced liver injury is not well known. Objectives: This study explores the therapeutic effect and potential mechanism of PCA on type 2 diabetes-induced liver injury. Materials and methods: An insulin resistance/type 2 diabetic (IR/D) model was established by high-fat diet for 4 weeks + streptozotocin (35 mg/kg; i.p) in male Wistar rats pretreated with or without PCA (15 or 30 mg/kg for 6 d). Results: PCA at 15 and 30 mg/kg significantly upregulated the levels of body weight (BW; 230.2, 257.8 g), high density lipids (22.68, 34.78 mg/dL), glutathione (10.24, 16.21 nmol/mg), superoxide dismutase (21.62, 29.34 U/mg), glucagon-like peptide-1, glucose transporter-4, Wnt1, and β-catenin, while downregulating those of liver weight (LW; 9.4, 6.7 g), BW/LW (4.1, 2.6%), serum glucose (165, 120 mg/dL), serum insulin (13.46, 8.67 μIU/mL), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (5.48, 2.57), total cholesterol (68.52, 54.31 mg/dL), triglycerides (72.15, 59.64 mg/dL), low density lipids (42.18, 30.71), aspartate aminotransferase (54.34 and 38.68 U/L), alanine aminotransferase (42.87, 29.98 U/L), alkaline phosphatase (210.16, 126.47 U/L), malondialdehyde (16.52, 10.35), pro-inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α (149.67, 120.33 pg/mg)), IL-6 (89.79, 73.69 pg/mg) and IL-1β (49.67, 38.73 pg/mg)), nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB), and interleukin-1β, and ameliorated the abnormal pathological changes in IR/D rats. Discussion and conclusion: PCA mitigates the IR, lipid accumulation, oxidative stress, and inflammation in liver tissues of IR/D rats by modulating the NF-κB and Wnt1/β-catenin pathways. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Basil (Ocimum basilicum L.) Extract Exhibits Antidiabetic and Hepatoprotective Effects via Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) and Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptors (PPARγ) on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Rats Model; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a disorder of carbohydrate metabolism that causes hyperglycemia and insulin resistance during pregnancy. Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) and Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ (PPARγ) are genes that play an important role in glucose metabolism. Dysregulation of SIRT1 and PPARγ is associated with GDM. Hyperglycemia in GDM causes a lipolysis process, which induces inflammation and oxidative stress in hepatocytes causing liver damage. Basil extract (O. basilicum L) is one of the Indonesian medicinal plants that has been used as traditional medicine in diabetic disorders. This study aims to investigate the hypoglycemic activity of basil (O. basilicum) extract by evaluating the effect of basil extract on the expression of SIRT1 and PPARγ in GDM rats and investigate the potential hepatoprotective effect of basil extract by analyzing the rat’s liver histology. Twenty-four pregnant rats were divided into four groups; negative control, positive group induced by streptozotocin 40 mg/kg BW intraperitoneally, and two groups of GDM rats treated with 100 mg/kg BW and 200 mg/kg BW of basil extract for 14 days. Blood glucose levels were examined with a blood glucose meter. The expression of SIRT1 and PPARγ was assessed by the RT-PCR. Histological analysis of the rat`s liver was conducted to determine the percentage of cell damage and tissue edema. The data were statistically processed using SPSS. The results showed the extract of Basil (O. basilicum) at a dose of 200 mg/kg BW showed an anti-diabetic effect which decreased the glucose level concentration by about two times compared to the untreated rat. It enhanced the expression of SIRT significantly with a value of p= 0.035 (p <0.05). Basil extract-treated group showed a trend of increasing PPARγ expression, but not statistically significant. In addition, HE staining on the liver showed a tendency to improve in the group given basil extract. The percentage of liver cell damage decreased significantly from 70.0% in the GDM rat group to 45.2% in group III (p < 0.05) and 44.3% in group IV (p < 0, 05). The percentage of tissue edema also tends to decrease from 49.5% in the GDM group to 38.9% in P1 (p < 0.05) and 38.8% in P2 (p < 0.05). The treatment of basil extract at a dose of 100mg/kg BW and 200mg/kg BW did not show a significant difference (p>0.05). This study concluded that basil extract could increase SIRT1 and potential to be an anti-hyperglycemic therapy with a hepatoprotective effect. Copyright © 2023 by Indonesian Journal of Pharmacy (IJP).
The Building Blocks of Life: A Nutrition Foundation for Healthcare Professionals; Within the United Kingdom (UK), most mainstream healthcare practitioners receive little or no nutrition education during their years of training. As a consequence, the understanding of nutrition amongst primary care practitioners such as general practitioners, pharmacists, midwives, and practice nurses is limited and is largely focused on energy consumption and obesity. There is little knowledge of the wealth of micronutrients that underpin health, nor of the ticking timebomb of insufficient intakes of those micronutrients amongst a significant proportion of the population in the UK. The Building Blocks of Life: A Nutrition Foundation for Healthcare Professionals is a step towards redressing that balance. It sets out an informative and engaging narrative on how and why nutrition is the basis for good health. It discusses UK-specific issues with regards to diet and intakes of vitamins, minerals, essential fatty acids and other micronutrients. It also raises concerns about the potential negative health implications of the generally poor UK diet and suggests ways that healthcare practitioners can support patients in improving their long-term health outlook. Nutrition policy in the UK needs to be dragged into the 21st century and this book sets out evidence-based arguments which challenge current public health myths such as the idea that 10 micrograms of vitamin D is all anyone needs or the messaging around the consumption of saturated fat vs highly processed seed oils or that everyone can get all the nutrients they need from a varied and balanced diet. Although The Building Blocks of Life: A Nutrition Foundation for Healthcare Professionals focuses on concerns around poor diet and the consequent micronutrient inadequacies in the UK, the nutritional detail is relevant no matter where you are in the world. Everyone eats, all the time. It is time that mainstream medicine looked towards food as both a cause and a solution to many of the chronic degenerative conditions that plague modern life. © 2023 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Adipokines in glucose and lipid metabolism; Adipokines are proteins secreted by adipose tissue to regulate glucolipid metabolism and play vital roles in our body. Different adipokines have more than one endocrine function and be divided into several different categories according to their functions, including adipokines involved in glucolipid metabolism, the inflammatory response, insulin action, activation of brown adipose tissue (BAT) and appetite regulation. Multiple adipokines interact with each other to regulate metabolic processes. Based on the recent progress of adipokine research, this article discusses the role and mechanism of various adipokines in glucolipid metabolism, which may provide new ideas for understanding the pathogenesis and improving the treatment of various metabolic diseases. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A Novel Metabolic Score for Predicting the Acute Exacerbation in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; Background: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has higher mortality when developing to acute exacerbation (AECOPD); hence, the early intervention of COPD is critical for preventing AECOPD. Exploring the serum metabolites associated with acute exacerbation in patients with COPD will contribute to the early intervention of COPD. Methods: In the study, a non-targeted metabolomics strategy combined with multivariate statistical methods was performed to explore the metabolic profiling of COPD developing acute exacerbation, to screen the potential metabolites associated with AECOPD and to analyze the potential value of these metabolites in predicting the development of COPD. Results: Serum lysine, glutamine, 3-hydroxybutyrate, pyruvate and glutamate levels were significantly higher, while 1-methylhisti-dine, isoleucine, choline, valine, alanine, histidine and leucine levels were significantly lower in AECOPD patients, compared with stable COPD patients after normalization based on the healthy controls. Moreover, eight metabolic pathways were significantly altered (P<0.05) in the serum of AECOPD patients compared with the stable COPD population, including purine metabolism, glutamine and glutamate metabolism, arginine biosynthesis, butyrate metabolism, ketone body synthesis and degradation, and linoleic acid metabo-lism. In addition, the correlation analysis between metabolites and AECOPD patients demonstrated that an M-score based on a weighted sum of concentrations of four metabolites including pyruvate, isoleucine, 1-methylhistidine and glutamine were significantly associated with the acute exacerbation of pulmonary ventilation function in COPD patients. Conclusion: Altogether, the metabolite score based on a weighted sum of concentrations of four serum metabolites was associated with an increased risk of COPD developing acute exacerbation, which will provide a new insight for the understanding of COPD development. © 2023 Peng et al.
Analyzing the Challenges, Consequences, and Possible Treatments for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly widespread disorder caused by a disturbed endocrine system. The Rotterdam criteria have classified 4 phenotypes of PCOS. This syndrome has multifactorial pathophysiology triggered by a disturbed neuroendocrine system, which further produces abnormal levels of luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, androgen, estrogen, and pro-gesterone, leading towards the risk of metabolic and reproductive diseases. PCOS is associated with an increased risk of developing health problems like hyperinsulinemia, diabetes mellitus, hyperten-sion, cardiovascular disorders, dyslipidaemia, endometrial hyperplasia, anxiety and depression. These days, PCOS has become a scientific issue due to complex aetiology with multi-complex physiology. Due to the unavailability of specific medicines, there is no cure for PCOS; however, certain symptoms could be treated. The scientific community is actively looking for various treatment options too. In this context, the current review summarizes the challenges, consequences and various treatment options for PCOS. Various literature reports provide evidence that PCOS can be identified in early in-fancy, adolescents and women at the menopausal stage. Most commonly, PCOS is caused by multi-factorial agents, including genetics and negative lifestyle. Metabolic consequences from obesity, insulin resistance, and vascular disorder have increased the rate of PCOS. This study also highlights psychological morbidity in PCOS women that have an adverse effect on health-related quality of life (HRQoL). PCOS symptoms can be treated using different strategies, including oral contraceptive drugs, surgical treatment (laparoscopic ovarian drilling (LOD), assisted reproductive techniques (ART), and Chinese acupuncture treatment. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
The circadian rhythm: an influential soundtrack in the diabetes story; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) has been the main category of metabolic diseases in recent years due to changes in lifestyle and environmental conditions such as diet and physical activity. On the other hand, the circadian rhythm is one of the most significant biological pathways in humans and other mammals, which is affected by light, sleep, and human activity. However, this cycle is controlled via complicated cellular pathways with feedback loops. It is widely known that changes in the circadian rhythm can alter some metabolic pathways of body cells and could affect the treatment process, particularly for metabolic diseases like T2DM. The aim of this study is to explore the importance of the circadian rhythm in the occurrence of T2DM via reviewing the metabolic pathways involved, their relationship with the circadian rhythm from two perspectives, lifestyle and molecular pathways, and their effect on T2DM pathophysiology. These impacts have been demonstrated in a variety of studies and led to the development of approaches such as time-restricted feeding, chronotherapy (time-specific therapies), and circadian molecule stabilizers. Copyright © 2023 Hariri, Mirian, Zarrabi, Kohandel, Amini-Pozveh, Aref, Tabatabaee, Prabhakar and Sivakumar.
Accelerometer-Measured Physical Activity Data Sets (Global Physical Activity Data Set Catalogue) That Include Markers of Cardiometabolic Health: Systematic Scoping Review; Background: Cardiovascular disease accounts for 17.9 million deaths globally each year. Many research study data sets have been collected to answer questions regarding the relationship between cardiometabolic health and accelerometer-measured physical activity. This scoping review aimed to map the available data sets that have collected accelerometer-measured physical activity and cardiometabolic health markers. These data were then used to inform the development of a publicly available resource, the Global Physical Activity Data set (GPAD) catalogue. Objective: This review aimed to systematically identify data sets that have measured physical activity using accelerometers and cardiometabolic health markers using either an observational or interventional study design. Methods: Databases, trial registries, and gray literature (inception until February 2021; updated search from February 2021 to September 2022) were systematically searched to identify studies that analyzed data sets of physical activity and cardiometabolic health outcomes. To be eligible for inclusion, data sets must have measured physical activity using an accelerometric device in adults aged ≥18 years; a sample size >400 participants (unless recruited participants in a low- and middle-income country where a sample size threshold was reduced to 100); used an observational, longitudinal, or trial-based study design; and collected at least 1 cardiometabolic health marker (unless only body mass was measured). Two reviewers screened the search results to identify eligible studies, and from these, the unique names of each data set were recorded, and characteristics about each data set were extracted from several sources. Results: A total of 17,391 study reports were identified, and after screening, 319 were eligible, with 122 unique data sets in these study reports meeting the review inclusion criteria. Data sets were found in 49 countries across 5 continents, with the most developed in Europe (n=53) and the least in Africa and Oceania (n=4 and n=3, respectively). The most common accelerometric brand and device wear location was Actigraph and the waist, respectively. Height and body mass were the most frequently measured cardiometabolic health markers in the data sets (119/122, 97.5% data sets), followed by blood pressure (82/122, 67.2% data sets). The number of participants in the included data sets ranged from 103,712 to 120. Once the review processes had been completed, the GPAD catalogue was developed to house all the identified data sets. Conclusions: This review identified and mapped the contents of data sets from around the world that have collected potentially harmonizable accelerometer-measured physical activity and cardiometabolic health markers. The GPAD catalogue is a web-based open-source resource developed from the results of this review, which aims to facilitate the harmonization of data sets to produce evidence that will reduce the burden of disease from physical inactivity. © 2023 Journal of Medical Internet Research. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity alters the placental transcriptome in a fetal sex-dependent manner; Infants born to obese mothers have an increased risk of developing obesity and metabolic diseases in childhood and adulthood. Although the molecular mechanisms linking maternal obesity during pregnancy to the development of metabolic diseases in offspring are poorly understood, evidence suggests that changes in the placental function may play a role. Using a mouse model of diet-induced obesity with fetal overgrowth, we performed RNA-seq analysis at embryonic day 18.5 to identify genes differentially expressed in the placentas of obese and normal-weight dams (controls). In male placentas, 511 genes were upregulated and 791 genes were downregulated in response to maternal obesity. In female placentas, 722 genes were downregulated and 474 genes were upregulated in response to maternal obesity. The top canonical pathway downregulated in maternal obesity in male placentas was oxidative phosphorylation. In contrast, sirtuin signaling, NF-kB signaling, phosphatidylinositol, and fatty acid degradation were upregulated. In female placentas, the top canonical pathways downregulated in maternal obesity were triacylglycerol biosynthesis, glycerophospholipid metabolism, and endocytosis. In contrast, bone morphogenetic protein, TNF, and MAPK signaling were upregulated in the female placentas of the obese group. In agreement with RNA-seq data, the expression of proteins associated with oxidative phosphorylation was downregulated in male but not female placentas of obese mice. Similarly, sex-specific changes in the protein expression of mitochondrial complexes were found in placentas collected from obese women delivering large-for-gestational-age (LGA) babies. In conclusion, maternal obesity with fetal overgrowth differentially regulates the placental transcriptome in male and female placentas, including genes involved in oxidative phosphorylation. Copyright © 2023 Kelly, Chan, Powell, Cox, Jansson and Rosario.
General Public’s knowledge, awareness, and perception of Cardiometabolic diseases: data from a Singapore study population; Background: Health literacy and illness perception play crucial roles in tackling the cardiometabolic disease epidemic. We aim to compare the attitudes, knowledge, self-perceived risks and actions taken, between individuals with and without metabolic risk factors (MFs). Methods: From 5 June to 5 October 2022, participants of the general public were invited to complete a self-administered questionnaire. MF status was defined as the presence of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus and/or current/previous smoking. Participants were assessed based on four categories (knowledge-based, attitude-based, perceived risk, and action-based) of questions pertaining to four cardiometabolic diseases – diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Results: A total of 345 participants were enrolled, of whom 34.5% had at least one MF. Compared to those without MFs, participants with MFs had lower knowledge scores, but higher perceived risk scores across all cardiometabolic diseases. The largest knowledge gap pertained to hypertension-related questions. After adjustment, linear regression demonstrated that the presence of MFs (β:2.752, 95%CI: 0.772–4.733, p = 0.007) and higher knowledge scores (β:0.418, 95%CI: 0.236–0.600, p < 0.001) were associated with higher perceived risk. Despite increased perceived risk in those with MFs, this translated to only few increased self-reported preventive actions, when compared to those without MFs, namely the reduction in red meat/processed food consumption (p = 0.045) and increase in fruits/vegetables consumption (p = 0.009). Conclusion: This study identified a vulnerable subpopulation living with MFs, with high perceived risks, and discordant levels of knowledge and preventive actions taken. Nationwide efforts should be channeled into addressing the knowledge-to-action gap. Copyright © 2023 Anand, Goh, Nah, Koh, Lim, Neo, Chew, Lee, Chin, Chong, Kong, Tan, Low, Khoo, Goh, Loh, Chai, Dalakoti, Chan, Foo, Muthiah and Chew.
Review on the mechanisms of the effects of coenzyme Q10 supplementation on serum levels of leptin and adiponectin; Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) is a fat-soluble benzoquinone structurally similar to vitamin K, which acts as an antioxidant in scavenging free radicals and inhibiting lipid and protein oxidation. It has been reported that CoQ10 deficiency is linked to multiple chronic diseases. The current study aimed to review the effects of coenzyme Q10 on serum levels of leptin and adiponectin, their ratio and their role in future treatment strategies. We extended the literature search for all relevant articles published in English from the database, including PubMed, Scopus and Google Scholar, until September 2022. CoQ10 plays a protective role against the release of proinflammatory markers and provides an attractive anti-inflammatory therapeutic for treating some human diseases. It has been shown that there is a positive and negative correlation between CoQ10 and adiponectin and between levels of leptin and CoQ10, respectively. Studies showed that CoQ10 supplementation causes an increase in the value of the adiponectin/leptin ratio. In summary, taking medications such as CoQ10 supplements is recommended as a potential therapeutic target to increase adiponectin levels and modulate the effects of oxidative stress.  © 2023 The Authors.
Structure-related relationship: Plant-derived antidiabetic compounds; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a complicated condition that impacts patients' everyday lives and increases their chance of acquiring related disorders. There is a high need for novel antidiabetic medicines to treat DM. As chemical drugs have various side effects such as obesity, gastrointestinal problems, and cardiovascular diseases, now herbal medicines are the best choice among people. Traditional herbal medicine is a fantastic branch of study for discovering novel drugs. Currently, alternative methods to managing diabetes, such as diet management, physical activity, and antidiabetic plant-derived molecules/foods, are recommended since they are less expensive and have fewer or no adverse effects. Various plant-derived phytocompounds are used to treat DM by targeting metabolic pathways. To better understand their roles, it is necessary to analyze the structure-activity relationship (SAR). As a result, studies were undertaken to explore the association between its structures and their antioxidant and antidiabetic properties. Further investigation into this field may lead to the formation of nutritional products and semisynthetic analogs with significant antidiabetic properties and few side effects. The study of the SAR model could attain knowledge about the compound and its impact on DM. SAR model analysis emphasizes the detection of ligand binding pocket along with its chemical structure for treating DM. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
The association between dietary intake of flavonoids and its subclasses and the risk of metabolic syndrome; Background: The healthiest way to prevent metabolic syndrome (MetS) is through behavioral and nutritional adjustments. We examined the relationship between total flavonoids intake, flavonoid subclasses, and clinically manifest MetS. Methods: A cross-sectional analysis was conducted among 28,719 individuals from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) and Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies (FNDDS) 2007–2011 and 2017–2018. Two 24-h reviews were conducted to determine flavonoids intake and subclasses. The link between flavonoids intake and MetS was investigated using a multivariate logistic regression model. Results: Q2 and Q3 of total flavonoids intake were associated with 20 and 19% lower risk of incident MetS after adjusting age and sex. Anthocyanidins and flavanones intake in Q2 and Q3 substantially reduced the MetS risk compared to Q1. MetS risk decreased steadily as the total intake of flavonoids increased to 237.67 mg/d. Flavanones and anthocyanidins also displayed V-shaped relationship curves (34.37 and 23.13 mg/d). Conclusion: MetS was adversely linked with total flavonoids intake, flavanones, and anthocyanidins. Moreover, the most effective doses of total flavonoids, flavanones, and anthocyanidins were 237.67, 34.37, and 23.13 mg/d, respectively, potentially preventing MetS. Copyright © 2023 Zhao, Gao, Ding, Xu, Xiao, Mao and Xing.
Systematic Comparison of Advanced Network Analysis and Visualization of Lipidomics Data; Comprehensive analysis of lipids is becoming a forefront of clinical data analysis. Due to significant technical advancements, lipidomics is emerging in clinical diagnostics for improvement and earlier detection of a broad range of diseases. However, in order to understand the biological complexities and interrelationships between the molecules, it is important to have a correct representation of the data and visualizations that enable good interpretability of the lipidomic data. Therefore, the present study systematically compares different visualization methods for lipidomic data, based on different computational relations between the selected lipids and supplemented with known biological information. Networks were reconstructed, and an analysis was performed to objectively compare the visualizations. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Parameters and Morphological Changes of Erythrocytes and Platelets of COVID-19 Subjects: A Longitudinal Cohort Study; Purpose: Information about dynamic changes occurring in the parameters and morphology of erythrocytes and platelets during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection and convalescence is scarce. To explore potential associations between dynamic erythrocyte and platelet parameters, morphological changes, and the course or severity of the disease is essential. Patients and Methods: From January 17th, 2020, to February 20th, 2022, we followed up on 35 patients with non-severe and 11 patients with severe COVID-19 following their discharge. We collected clinical features, dynamic complete blood count (CBC), and peripheral blood smears (PBS) and analyzed parameter and morphological changes of erythrocytes and platelets depending on the course or severity of the disease. The course of the disease included four periods, namely onset (T1), discharge (T2), 1-year follow-up (T3), and 2-year follow-up (T4). Results: Red blood cell (RBC) counts and hemoglobin were the lowest in T2, followed by T1, and lower in T1 and T2 than in T3 and T4. Inversely, the red blood cell distribution width (RDW) was the highest in T2, followed by T1, and higher than in T3 and T4. Compared to non-severe patients, the platelet of severe patients was lower in T1 and T2. In contrast, the mean platelet volume (MPV) and platelet distribution width (PDW) tended to be higher in severe patients. Similarly, anisocytosis was more common in peripheral blood smears at early stages and in severe patients. Finally, large platelets were more common in severe patients. Conclusion: Anisocytosis of erythrocytes and large platelets are found in patients with severe COVID-19, these changes may help primary hospitals to identify patients with a high risk of severe COVID-19 at an early stage. © 2023 Shen et al.
Novel implication of the prolactin (PRL) gene in the comorbidity of type 2 diabetes and depression; OBJECTIVE: The prolactin (PRL) system plays important behavioral, social, and metabolic roles, such as mediating social bonding and insulin secretion. Inherited dysfunction of the PRL pathway-related genes is associated with psychopathology and insulin resistance. We have previously suggested that the PRL system might be implicated in the comorbidity of psychiatric (depression) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) owing to the pleiotropy of PRL pathway-related genes. To our knowledge, no PRL variants have so far been reported in patients with either major depressive disorder (MDD) and/or T2D. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this study, we analyzed 6 variants within the PRL gene and tested them for the presence of parametric linkage and/or linkage disequilibrium (LD, i.e., linkage and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and their comorbidity. RESULTS: We found, for the first time, that the PRL gene and its novel risk variants are linked to and in LD (i.e., linkage and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D comorbidity. CONCLUSIONS: PRL might play a key role in mental-metabolic comorbidity and can be considered a novel gene in MDD and T2D. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Metformin: A Review of Potential Mechanism and Therapeutic Utility Beyond Diabetes; Metformin has been designated as one of the most crucial first-line therapeutic agents in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Primarily being an antihyperglycemic agent, metformin also has a plethora of pleiotropic effects on various systems and processes. It acts majorly by activating AMPK (Adenosine Monophosphate-Activated Protein Kinase) in the cells and reducing glucose output from the liver. It also decreases advanced glycation end products and reactive oxygen species production in the endothelium apart from regulating the glucose and lipid metabolism in the cardiomyocytes, hence minimizing the cardiovascular risks. Its anticancer, antiproliferative and apoptosis-inducing effects on malignant cells might prove instrumental in the malignancy of organs like the breast, kidney, brain, ovary, lung, and endometrium. Preclinical studies have also shown some evidence of metformin’s neuroprotective role in Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis and Huntington’s disease. Metformin exerts its pleiotropic effects through varied pathways of intracellular signalling and exact mechanism in the majority of them remains yet to be clearly defined. This article has extensively reviewed the therapeutic benefits of metformin and the details of its mechanism for a molecule of boon in various conditions like diabetes, prediabetes, obesity, polycystic ovarian disease, metabolic derangement in HIV, various cancers and aging. © 2023 Dutta et al.
Association between MetS-IR and prediabetes risk and sex differences: a cohort study based on the Chinese population; Objective: The metabolic score for insulin resistance (MetS-IR) is an emerging surrogate marker for insulin resistance (IR). This study aimed to investigate the association and sex differences between MetS-IR and prediabetes risk in a Chinese population. Methods: This cohort study included 100,309 adults with normoglycemia at baseline and had followed longitudinally for 5 years, and with prediabetes, defined according to the 2018 American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommended diagnostic criteria, as the outcome of interest. Multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression and restricted cubic spline (RCS) regression models were used to assess the association between MetS-IR and prediabetes risk. Results: During an observation period of 312,843 person-years, 7,735 (14.84%) men and 4,617 (9.57%) women with pre-diabetes onset were recorded. After fully adjusting for confounders, we found an independent and positive correlation between MetS-IR and the risk of prediabetes in the Chinese population, and the degree of correlation was stronger in women than in men (HR: 1.24 vs 1.16, P-interaction<0.05). Furthermore, using RCS nested in the Cox regression model, we found that there was a nonlinear correlation between MetS-IR and prediabetes risk in both sexes with an obvious saturation effect point, and when the MetS-IR was greater than the value of the saturation effect point, the risk of prediabetes was gradually leveling off. We further calculated the saturation effect points of MetS-IR used to evaluate the risk of prediabetes which in men was 42.82, and in women was 41.78. Conclusion: In this large cohort study, our results supported that MetS-IR was independently and positively associated with the risk of prediabetes in the Chinese population, with the association being stronger in women than in men. Copyright © 2023 Xie, Kuang, Lu, Huang, Wang, Zhang, Sheng and Zou.
Identification and Validation of Genes Related to RNA Methylation Modification in Diabetic Retinopathy; Purpose: To identify and validate the differentially expressed genes related to RNA methylation modification in diabetic retinopathy. Methods: The data sets GSE12610 and GSE111465 related to diabetic retinopathy in the Gene Expression Omnibus were selected. The R software package was used to identify differentially expressed genes related to RNA methylation modification in diabetic retinopathy. Protein-protein interaction network was constructed to explore the interactions between proteins and predict proteins. Then, Gene Ontology annotation analysis and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway enrichment analysis were used to analyze the potential enrichment pathways and clarify the biological functions of these genes. In addition, the correlation between them and immune cells was visualized, and receiver operating characteristic curves were drawn to evaluate the diagnostic performance of each one of them for diabetic retinopathy. To verify the differentially expressed genes, the mRNA expression of rat retinal vascular endothelial cells cultured in low and high glucose medium separately were detected by RT-qPCR. Results: The expression of Lrpprc, Nsun4, Nsun6 and Trdmt1 were significantly up-regulated in diabetic retinopathy samples, while the expression of Cbll1, Hnrnpc, Mettl3 and Wtap were significantly down-regulated. Differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in the RNA-methylation-medication pathways and biological function. The results of immune infiltration analysis proved that eosinophils aggregated more in diabetic group, while T cells follicular helper aggregated more in normal samples. These genes of Cbll1 (AUC = 0.986), Hnrnpc (AUC = 0.819), Lrpprc (AUC = 0.806), Mettl3 (AUC = 0.917), Nsun4 (AUC = 0.819), Nsun6 (AUC = 0.819), Trdmt1 (AUC = 0.972) and Wtap (AUC = 0.972) were respectively used as the diagnostic basis of diabetic retinopathy. According to the RT-qPCR results, the expression of Mettl3 was significantly down-regulated (p < 0.0005) in cells cultured in high glucose, while Trdmt1 (p < 0.05), Nsun4 (p < 0.05) and Nsun6 (p < 0.05) were significantly up-regulated. Conclusion: Differentially expressed genes such as Mettl3, Nsun4, Nsun6, and Trdmt1 should be conducted to explore, and the role of RNA methylation in the process of diabetic retinopathy would be revealed in-depth. © 2023 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Chao Nang Qing prescription promotes granulosa cell apoptosis and autophagy by targeting GATA3; Objective: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disease in women of reproductive age, with complex pathological symptoms and mechanisms. This study explored the mechanism of action of Chao Nang Qing prescription (CNQP) in PCOS. Methods: CNQP-medicated serum was prepared for culturing KGN granulosa cells. GATA3 knockdown, MYCT1 overexpression, and MYCT1 knockdown vectors were constructed to transfect KGN cells. Cell proliferation and apoptosis, as well as the expression of autophagy-related LC3-II/I, Beclin-1, and p62, were analyzed. ChIP was used to detect the binding of GATA3 and the MYCT1 promoter, and dual-luciferase reporter assay was used to analyze the influence of GATA3 on MYCT1 promoter activity. Results: CNQP treatment reduced proliferation, increased apoptosis, elevated LC3-II/I, Beclin-1, GATA3, and MYCT1 expression, and decreased p62 expression in KGN cells. GATA3 bound to the MYCT1 promoter to promote MYCT1 expression. MYCT1 overexpression impeded proliferation and stimulated apoptosis and autophagy in KGN cells. Compared to CNQP treatment alone, GATA3 or MYCT1 knockdown before CNQP treatment promoted proliferation and reduced apoptosis and autophagy in KGN cells. Conclusion: CNQP may modulate KGN cell activity by upregulating GATA3 and MYCT1 expression, thereby slowing down the progression of PCOS. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Metabolic drivers of dysglycemia in pregnancy: ethnic-specific GWAS of 146 metabolites and 1-sample Mendelian randomization analyses in a UK multi-ethnic birth cohort; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy complication worldwide and is associated with short- and long-term health implications for both mother and child. Prevalence of GDM varies between ethnicities, with South Asians (SAs) experiencing up to three times the risk compared to white Europeans (WEs). Recent evidence suggests that underlying metabolic difference contribute to this disparity, but an investigation of causality is required. Methods: To address this, we paired metabolite and genomic data to evaluate the causal effect of 146 distinct metabolic characteristics on gestational dysglycemia in SAs and WEs. First, we performed 292 GWASs to identify ethnic-specific genetic variants associated with each metabolite (P ≤ 1 x 10-5) in the Born and Bradford cohort (3688 SA and 3354 WE women). Following this, a one-sample Mendelian Randomisation (MR) approach was applied for each metabolite against fasting glucose and 2-hr post glucose at 26-28 weeks gestation. Additional GWAS and MR on 22 composite measures of metabolite classes were also conducted. Results: This study identified 15 novel genome-wide significant (GWS) SNPs associated with tyrosine in the FOXN and SLC13A2 genes and 1 novel GWS SNP (currently in no known gene) associated with acetate in SAs. Using MR approach, 14 metabolites were found to be associated with postprandial glucose in WEs, while in SAs a distinct panel of 11 metabolites were identified. Interestingly, in WEs, cholesterols were the dominant metabolite class driving with dysglycemia, while in SAs saturated fatty acids and total fatty acids were most commonly associated with dysglycemia. Discussion: In summary, we confirm and demonstrate the presence of ethnic-specific causal relationships between metabolites and dysglycemia in mid-pregnancy in a UK population of SA and WE pregnant women. Future work will aim to investigate their biological mechanisms on dysglycemia and translating this work towards ethnically tailored GDM prevention strategies. Copyright © 2023 Fuller, Iles, Moore and Zulyniak.
Induction of ER stress-mediated apoptosis through SOD1 upregulation by deficiency of CHI3L1 inhibits lung metastasis; Chitinase-3-like protein 1 (CHI3L1), which is secreted by immune and inflammatory cells, is associated with several inflammatory diseases. However, the basic cellular pathophysiological functions of CHI3L1 are not well characterized. To investigate the novel pathophysiological function of CHI3L1, we performed LC-MS/MS analysis of cells transfected with Myc-vector and Myc-CHI3L1. We analyzed the changes in the protein distribution in Myc-CHI3L1 transfected-cells, and identified 451 differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) compared with Myc-vector-transfected-cells. The biological function of the 451 DEPs was analyzed and it was found that the proteins with endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-associated function were much more highly expressed in CHI3L1-overexpressing cells. We then compared and analyzed the effect of CHI3L1 on the ER chaperon levels in normal lung cells and cancer cells. We identified that CHI3L1 is localized in the ER. In normal cells, the depletion of CHI3L1 did not induce ER stress. However, the depletion of CHI3L1 induces ER stress and eventually activates the unfolded protein response, especially the activation of Protein kinase R-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK), which regulates protein synthesis in cancer cells. CHI3L1 may not affect ER stress owing to the lack of misfolded proteins in normal cells, but instead activate ER stress as a defense mechanism only in cancer cells. Under ER stress conditions induced by the application of thapsigargin, the depletion of CHI3L1 induces ER stress through the upregulation of PERK and PERK downstream factors (eIF2α and ATF4) in both normal and cancer cells. However, these signaling activations occur more often in cancer cells than in normal cells. The expression of Grp78 and PERK in the tissues of patients with lung cancer was higher compared with healthy tissues. It is well known that ER stress-mediated PERK–eIF2α–ATF4 signaling activation causes apoptotic cell death. ER stress-mediated apoptosis induced by the depletion of CHI3L1 occurs in cancer cells, but rarely occurs in normal cells. Consistent with results from the in vitro model, ER stress-mediated apoptosis was greatly increased during tumor growth and in the lung metastatic tissue of CHI3L1-knockout (KO) mice. The analysis of “big data” identified superoxide dismutase-1 (SOD1) as a novel target of CHI3L1 and interacted with CHI3L1. The depletion of CHI3L1 increased SOD1 expression, resulting in ER stress. Furthermore, the depletion of SOD1 reduced the expression of ER chaperones and ER-mediated apoptotic marker proteins, as well as apoptotic cell death induced by the depletion of CHI3L1 in in vivo and in vitro models. These results suggest that the depletion of CHI3L1 increases ER stress-mediated apoptotic cell death through SOD1 expression, and subsequently inhibits lung metastasis. © The author(s).
Detection of Thyroid Nodule Prevalence and Associated Risk Factors in Southwest China: A Study of 45,023 Individuals Undergoing Physical Examinations; Background: Thyroid nodules (TNs) are among the most common thyroid lesions, and rates of these nodules have risen over the past three decades. As the majority of TN patients remain asymptomatic when these nodules are in the early stages of development, malignant nodules may continue to develop into thyroid cancer when not detected. As such, early screening and diagnosis-based strategies represent the most promising means of preventing or treating TNs and associated cancers. The present study was thus developed to explore TN prevalence among individuals in Luzhou, China. Methods: Here, thyroid ultrasonography and metabolic-related indicators from 45,023 adults undergoing routine physical examinations in the Health Management Center of a large Grade A hospital in Luzhou over the last three years were retrospectively reviewed in an effort to identify factors associated with TN risk and the detection of these nodules through univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results: In total, 13,437 TNs were detected in these 45,023 healthy adults for an overall 29.8% detection rate. This TN detection rate rose with age, and multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that independent risk factors associated with TNs included greater age (≥31 years old), female (OR = 2.283, 95% CI: 2.177–2.393), central obesity (OR = 1.115, 95% CI: 1.051–1.183), impaired fasting glucose (OR = 1.203, 95% CI: 1.063–1.360), overweight status (OR = 1.085, 95% CI: 1.026–1.147), and obesity (OR = 1.156, 95% CI: 1.054–1.268), while low BMI was a protective factor associated with lower rates of TN incidence (OR = 0.789, 95% CI: 0.706– 0.882). When results were stratified by gender, impaired fasting glucose was not an independent predictor of TN risk among males, while high LDL levels were an independent predictor of TNs among females, and other risk factors were not significantly changed. Conclusion: TN detection rates were high among adults in Southwestern China. Female, elderly individuals, individuals exhibiting central obesity, and those with high levels of fasting plasma glucose are more likely to develop TN. © 2023 Liang et al.
Bioactivity and mechanisms of flavonoids in decreasing insulin resistance; Flavonoids are ubiquitous compounds in nature and are found in many Chinese herbal medicines. Due to their biological activity, flavonoids show potential for decreasing insulin resistance (IR), thereby delaying the progression of diabetes and accompanying metabolic syndromes. This review focuses on the mechanisms of flavonoids decreasing IR: (1) the interaction between flavonoids and target proteins of the insulin signalling pathway; (2) bioactivities of flavonoids, such as anti-inflammatory, lipid-lowering and antioxidant. Meanwhile, we summarise the structural characteristics, structure activity relationships and biological activity of flavonoids, providing evidence for their potential in the treatment of IR. Here, we also analyse the potential and limitations of their therapeutic use. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Dietary Reference Intakes for Energy; An ad hoc committee will be convened under the auspices of The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to assess human requirements for energy intake (including the contribution of alcohol and gut microbiota digestible dietary fiber) and energy expenditure. The review will consider age, sex, body size, body composition, level of physical activity, and race/ethnicity, along with other factors that may be warranted, based on available data. The committee will consider other significant variables including energy needed for growth and maturation and to support pregnancy; energy needs postpartum; and amounts to achieve and maintain weight loss or weight gain; requirements to support recovery from disease and treatments or interventions such as surgery; and the health consequences of chronic over- or under nutrition across the life span. Special considerations will be given to each age-sex group across the life span. The committee will produce a report that will be reviewed in accordance with institutional requirements and will include the following: 1. A review of the components of energy expenditure in consideration of appropriate methods of assessment; 2. A review of the evidence on energy requirements specific to age, sex, body size and body composition, physiological state (e.g., pregnancy, lactation, and menopause) and level of physical activity consistent with good health. Where data allow, the committee will explore the impact of common physiological states such as under- or overweight and obesity, and pre-diabetes/diabetes on energy requirements; 3. A review of the evidence for relationships between energy balance/imbalance states with risk of chronic disease and other health outcomes; 4. Consideration of a range of evidence sources, including the International Atomic Energy Agency double-labelled water database. This will require data analysis to validate and/or update the Estimated Energy Requirement (EER) equations. 5. Summary tables of included studies and/or databases based on relevant indicators used to assess Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs) that include, but are not limited to: a. Study design; b. Setting; c. Participant age, sex or life-stage group; d. Physiological state; e. Sample size; intervention or exposure; methods used to determine energy intake and output and outcome measures; and f. A description of the statistical analysis used by investigators. 6. An updated EER, as appropriate, for each age- sex-, and life stage group, using the risk assessment approach as described in the DRI organizing framework. 7. Identification of research gaps to address the uncertainties identified in the process of deriving the reference values and evaluation of their public health implications. © 2023 by the National Academy of Sciences.
Current energy and lipid metabolism biomarkers in sheep with subclinical and clinical pregnancy toxemia; The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between existing metabolic biomarkers (asprosin, FABP1, PPARα and FGF21) and clinical parameters and to determine their role in the early diagnosis of sheep pregnancy toxemia. In the study, 70 Akkaraman sheep aged three to five years in the last three weeks of pregnancy were divided into three groups: healthy group (n = 20), subclinical group (n = 30), and clinical group (n = 20). Clinical examination (body temperature, respiratory rate, and heart rate), blood serum biochemistry, and ELISA analyses were performed. In sheep with clinical and subclinical pregnancy toxemia, serum PPARα, β-HBA, NEFA, HbA1c, HDL, triglyceride, creatinine, and phosphorus levels were statistically higher, whereas serum glucose and LDL levels were lower than in healthy sheep. However, serum FGF21, AST, ALT, and VLDL values were not statistically different between the three groups. In addition, serum asprosin and FABP1 levels were higher in the subclinical group than in the clinical group. Thus it was concluded that serum asprosin, FABP1, and PPARα findings could be useful in evaluating lipid and energy metabolism in subclinical and clinical forms of pregnancy toxemia. Since this study was based on blood samples from individually reared sheep herds, many environmental factors (e.g., housing, nutrition, and population density) could not be considered. For this reason, it is thought that there is a need for experimental studies in which environmental variables can be controlled. © 2023 Polskie Towarzystwo Nauk Weterynaryjnych. All rights reserved.
Dysregulation of Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, and Glucose Metabolism-Related Genes and miRNAs in Visceral Adipose Tissue of Women with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Human visceral adipose tissue (VAT), now identified as an endocrine organ, plays a significant role in impaired fasting glucose and diabetes through the deregulated metabolism and adipogenesis of visceral adipocytes in obesity. Our study focuses on exploring the link between inflammation, oxidative stress, and glucose metabolism-associated genes with corresponding miRNAs in human visceral adipocytes and VAT from individuals with glucose metabolism disorders. Material/Methods: We examined the expression of ATM, NFKB1, SOD2, INSR, and TIGAR, along with their related miRNAs using PCR, in two contexts: 1 - During the three-stage visceral adipogenesis under normal glucose levels (5.5 millimoles), intermittent, and chronic hyperglycemia (30 millimoles). 2 - In visceral adipose tissue from subjects (34 F, 18 M) with normal glucose metabolism, impaired fasting glucose, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Results: Both chronic and intermittent hyperglycemia similarly influenced ATM, NFKB1, TIGAR, SOD2, INSR gene expression in visceral adipocytes, with corresponding changes in a few tested miRNAs (eg, let-7g-5p, miR-145-5p, miR-21-5p). Anthropometric and biochemical parameters led us to focus on female subjects. Our results showed transactivation of NFKB1, TIGAR, miR-10b-5p, miR-132-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-21-5p, and miR-26a-5p exclusively in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Upregulated molecules (excluding miR-10b-5p and miR-20a-5p) positively correlated with glucose metabolism markers. Conclusions: The genes studied may undergo miRNA interferences and hyperglycemic memory in visceral adipocytes under hyperglycemic conditions. VAT from women with type 2 diabetes mellitus, but not with impaired fasting glucose, showed transactivated miRNAs and a molecular dysregulation of TIGAR and NFKB1, possibly enhancing inflammation, oxidative stress, and disrupted glucose metabolism. These findings highlight the epigenetic and molecular disturbances in VAT related to glucose metabolism abnormalities. However, additional research is necessary to further understand their biological significance.  © Med Sci Monit, 2023.
The lipase cofactor CGI58 controls placental lipolysis; In eutherians, the placenta plays a critical role in the uptake, storage, and metabolism of lipids. These processes govern the availability of fatty acids to the developing fetus, where inadequate supply has been associated with substandard fetal growth. Whereas lipid droplets are essential for the storage of neutral lipids in the placenta and many other tissues, the processes that regulate placental lipid droplet lipolysis remain largely unknown. To assess the role of triglyceride lipases and their cofactors in determining placental lipid droplet and lipid accumulation, we assessed the role of patatin like phospholipase domain containing 2 (PNPLA2) and comparative gene identification-58 (CGI58) in lipid droplet dynamics in the human and mouse placenta. While both proteins are expressed in the placenta, the absence of CGI58, not PNPLA2, markedly increased placental lipid and lipid droplet accumulation. These changes were reversed upon restoration of CGI58 levels selectively in the CGI58-deficient mouse placenta. Using co-immunoprecipitation, we found that, in addition to PNPLA2, PNPLA9 interacts with CGI58. PNPLA9 was dispensable for lipolysis in the mouse placenta yet contributed to lipolysis in human placental trophoblasts. Our findings establish a crucial role for CGI58 in placental lipid droplet dynamics and, by extension, in nutrient supply to the developing fetus. © 2023, Guerrero-Santoro et al.
Tert-butylhydroquinone Mitigates Renal Dysfunction in Pregnant Diabetic Rats via Attenuation of Oxidative Stress and Modulation of the iNOs/ NFkB/TNF Alpha Signalling Pathway; Aim: The aim of the study was to determine the effect of tert-butylhydroquinone (tBHQ) supplementation on some biochemical parameters in pregnant diabetic rats and the foetus. Background: The global incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been on the increase despite current interventional therapies, underscoring the need for alternative or complementary therapeutic approaches. Objective: The objective is to determine the effect of tBHQ on blood glucose, insulin resistance, body weight, relative liver and kidney weights, serum lipid profile (total cholesterol, triacylglycerol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol), liver function (albumin, aspartate and alanine amino transaminases) and kidney function markers (urea, creatinine and uric acid) in the sera, and study maternal and foetal renal levels of oxidative stress and inflammatory markers, foetal weights and histology of the kidney of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced GDM in rats. Methods: Twenty female pregnant rats were used, and they were divided into four groups of control (normal pregnancy), disease (diabetic untreated), metformin (received 200 mg/kg metformin dis-solved in distilled water) and tBHQ groups (received 25 mg/kg tBHQ in 1% corn oil), respectively, with five rats in each group. GDM was induced in the disease and treated groups by intraperitoneal injection of STZ (45 mg/kg in sodium citrate buffer, pH 4.5). Results: STZ induction in the disease group significantly increased their blood glucose levels (P<0.05), altered their body and foetal weights, relative liver and kidney weights, serum lipid pro-file, liver and kidney function markers in the sera (relative to the control), inducing oxidative stress and inflammation to the maternal and foetal kidneys and altering the maternal kidney histology, which was found to be improved following supplementation with tBHQ in a manner akin to or even better than metformin. Conclusion: tBHQ was found beneficial in protecting the foetal kidneys against oxidative stress and the foetus against mortality arising from maternal hyperglycaemia. Finally, the study showed the potential of tBHQ in mitigating histological changes in the maternal kidney arising from STZ-induced hyperglycemia in rats. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Molecular Mechanisms of Metabolic Syndrome Induced by High Fructose Diet: A Review; Fructose was popularly used in diet due to its high sweetness and low impact on blood sugar levels. High fructose diets are common in Western countries. With economic development, the per capita fructose intake in China has been increasing year by year, and the relationship between fructose and health has become a research hotspot. The absorption and metabolism of fructose in vivo can activate multiple signaling pathways including PI3K/Akt, NF- κ B, JAK-STAT, AMPK, MAPK and toll like receptors etc., which could down or up regulate the level of downstream signaling molecules, and cause the occurrence of metabolic syndrome such as obesity and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. The absorption and metabolism molecular signal pathways involved in fructose induced metabolic syndrome were summarized and reviewed in this paper, which could provide reference for the rational consumption and further research of biological effects of fructose. © 2023 Science and Technology of Cereals,Oils and Foods Magazine Agency.
Glucoregulatory disruption in male mice offspring induced by maternal transfer of endocrine disrupting brominated flame retardants in DE-71; Introduction: Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are commercially used flame retardants that bioaccumulate in human tissues, including breast milk. PBDEs produce endocrine and metabolic disruption in experimental animals and have been associated with diabetes and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in humans, however, their sex-specific diabetogenic effects are not completely understood. Our past works show glucolipid dysregulation resulting from perinatal exposure to the commercial penta-mixture of PBDEs, DE-71, in C57BL/6 female mice. Methods: As a comparison, in the current study, the effects of DE-71 on glucose homeostasis in male offspring was examined. C57BL/6N dams were exposed to DE-71 at 0.1 mg/kg/d (L-DE-71), 0.4 mg/kg/d (H-DE-71), or received corn oil vehicle (VEH/CON) for a total of 10 wks, including gestation and lactation and their male offspring were examined in adulthood. Results: Compared to VEH/CON, DE-71 exposure produced hypoglycemia after a 11 h fast (H-DE-71). An increased fast duration from 9 to 11 h resulted in lower blood glucose in both DE-71 exposure groups. In vivo glucose challenge showed marked glucose intolerance (H-DE-71) and incomplete clearance (L- and H-DE-71). Moreover, L-DE-71-exposed mice showed altered glucose responses to exogenous insulin, including incomplete glucose clearance and/or utilization. In addition, L-DE-71 produced elevated levels of plasma glucagon and the incretin, active glucagon-like peptide-1 (7-36) amide (GLP-1) but no changes were detected in insulin. These alterations, which represent criteria used clinically to diagnose diabetes in humans, were accompanied with reduced hepatic glutamate dehydrogenase enzymatic activity, elevated adrenal epinephrine and decreased thermogenic brown adipose tissue (BAT) mass, indicating involvement of several organ system targets of PBDEs. Liver levels of several endocannabinoid species were not altered. Discussion: Our findings demonstrate that chronic, low-level exposure to PBDEs in dams can dysregulate glucose homeostasis and glucoregulatory hormones in their male offspring. Previous findings using female siblings show altered glucose homeostasis that aligned with a contrasting diabetogenic phenotype, while their mothers displayed more subtle glucoregulatory alterations, suggesting that developing organisms are more susceptible to DE-71. We summarize the results of the current work, generated in males, considering previous findings in females. Collectively, these findings offer a comprehensive account of differential effects of environmentally relevant PBDEs on glucose homeostasis and glucoregulatory endocrine dysregulation of developmentally exposed male and female mice. Copyright © 2023 Kozlova, Chinthirla, Bishay, Pérez, Denys, Krum, DiPatrizio and Currás-Collazo.
Liver Fat Scores for Noninvasive Diagnosis and Monitoring of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Epidemiological and Clinical Studies; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly associated with the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes and independently contributes to long-term complications. Being often asymptomatic but reversible, it would require popula-tion-wide screening, but direct diagnostics are either too invasive (liver biopsy), costly (MRI) or depending on the exam-iner’s expertise (ultrasonography). Hepatosteatosis is usually accommodated by features of the metabolic syndrome (e.g. obesity, disturbances in triglyceride and glucose metabo-lism), and signs of hepatocellular damage, all of which are reflected by biomarkers, which poorly predict NAFLD as single item, but provide a cheap diagnostic alternative when integrated into composite liver fat indices. Fatty liver index, NAFLD LFS, and hepatic steatosis index are common and accurate indices for NAFLD prediction, but show limited accuracy for liver fat quantification. Other indices are rarely used. Hepatic fibrosis scores are commonly used in clinical practice, but their mandatory reflection of fibrotic reorgani-zation, hepatic injury or systemic sequelae reduces sensitivity for the diagnosis of simple steatosis. Diet-induced liver fat changes are poorly reflected by liver fat indices, depending on the intervention and its specific impact of weight loss on NAFLD. This limited validity in longitudinal settings stimu-lates research for new equations. Adipokines, hepatokines, markers of cellular integrity, genetic variants but also simple and inexpensive routine parameters might be potential com-ponents. Currently, liver fat indices lack precision for NAFLD prediction or monitoring in individual patients, but in large cohorts they may substitute nonexistent imaging data and serve as a compound biomarker of metabolic syndrome and its cardiometabolic sequelae. © 2023 The Author(s).
Zinc alpha 2 glycoprotein (ZAG): A potential novel pharmacological target in diabetic retinopathy; Zinc alpha 2 glycoprotein (ZAG) is a 41 KDa secretory soluble glycoprotein found in different body fluids like the serum, saliva, sweat, breast milk, and urine. It is also found in tissues like the testis, epididymis, kidney, spleen, liver, lungs, heart, and brain. ZAG is an adipokine with multiple roles, including lipid mobilization, modulating glucose metabolisms, improving insulin sensitivity, inhibiting tumor proliferation through RNAse activity, and suppressing inflammation. Low levels of zinc and ZAG are linked to metabolic syndrome and are also reported as potential biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy. Interestingly zinc has been found to regulate the binding of ZAG to fatty acids. Based on very few reports on the vitreous ZAG and based on its known functions, we speculate that ZAG has a potential role in diabetic retinopathy. In this article, we discuss the structural component of the protein, its secretion from various tissues, and its distribution in multiple tissues in normal and disease conditions, especially in diabetes and its complications. © 2023 Centro Regional de Invest. Cientif. y Tecn.. All rights reserved.
Long-term outcomes and potential mechanisms of offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy, which can be classified into pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes, has become much more prevalent worldwide. Maternal diabetes fosters an intrauterine abnormal environment for fetus, which not only influences pregnancy outcomes, but also leads to fetal anomaly and development of diseases in later life, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric outcomes, reproduction malformation, and immune dysfunction. The underlying mechanisms are comprehensive and ambiguous, which mainly focus on microbiota, inflammation, reactive oxygen species, cell viability, and epigenetics. This review concluded with the influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia on fetal structure development and organ function on later life and outlined potential mechanisms that underpin the development of diseases in adulthood. Maternal diabetes leaves an effect that continues generations after generations through gametes, thus more attention should be paid to the prevention and treatment of diabetes to rescue the pathological attacks of maternal diabetes from the offspring. Copyright © 2023 Yan, Feng, Yu, Tian, Zhou, Huang, Cai, Chen, Zhu and Jin.
Nonlinear correlation between fatty liver index and carotid intima media thickness among individuals undergoing health examination; Background: Fatty liver index (FLI) is a predictor of non-alcohol fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This study aimed to assess the association between FLI and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, we enrolled 277 individuals for health examination from the China-Japan Friendship Hospital. Blood sampling and ultrasound examinations were conducted. Multivariate logistic regression and restricted cubic spline analyses were performed to evaluate the association between FLI and CIMT. Results: Overall, 175 (63.2%) and 105 (37.9%) individuals had NAFLD and CIMT, respectively. The multivariate logistic regression analyses results showed that high FLI was independently associated with a high risk of increased CIMT, T2 vs. T1 (odds ratio [OR], 95% confidence interval [CI]): 2.41, 1.10–5.25, p = 0.027; T3 vs. T1 (OR, 95% CI): 1.58, 0.68–3.64, p = 0.285. The association between FLI and increased CIMT exhibited a J-shaped curve (nonlinear, p = 0.019). In the threshold analysis, the OR for developing increased CIMT was 1.031 (95% CI: 1.011–1.051, p = 0.0023) in participants with FLI < 64.247. Conclusion: The relationship between FLI and increased CIMT in the health examination population is J-shaped, with an inflection point of 64.247. Copyright © 2023 Zhou, Duan, Wang, Chen and Yao.
Fetal Programming; For a long time it was assumed that the risk for diseases such as coronary heart disease (CHD) or insulin resistance, for example, develops from the genetic potential of the parents and is amplified by environmental influences such as an unfavorable lifestyle. This view has been completely overturned in the last two decades by the concept of fetal programming. The concept implies that a stimulus or insult during a sensitive period of fetal development produces permanent changes in structure, physiology, and metabolism, determining later risk for chronic diseases such as CHD and insulin resistance, as well as allergies, an impaired stress response, and many others in adulthood. The concept of Fetal Origins of Adult Disease (FOAD) was introduced by the British epidemiologist David Barker more than 20 years ago and has been the subject of intensive research ever since. The current research approaches aim to identify the biological mechanisms by which a prenatal stimulus or insult alters fetal development, the time lag between prenatal stimulus/insult and later disease, and the multiple factors that contribute to disease risk throughout the lifespan. © Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.
Association between the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a second analysis based on data from a prospective cohort study; Background: Although there is strong evidence linking triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) ratio to insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus, its clinical importance in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study sought to determine the connection between the TG/HDL-C ratio in the first trimester and the eventual onset of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of open-access data from a prospective cohort study. This present study included 590 singleton pregnant women at 10-14 weeks who visited the outpatient clinics for prenatal checks and were recorded at Incheon Seoul Women’s Hospital and Seoul Metropolitan Government Seoul National University Boramae Medical Center in Korea. A binary logistic regression model, a series of sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analysis were used to examine the relationship between TG/HDL-C ratio and incident GDM. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was also conducted to assess the ability of the TG/HDL-C ratio to predict GDM. Results: The mean age of the included individuals was 32.06 ± 3.80 years old. The mean TG/HDL-C ratio was 1.96 ± 1.09. The incidence rate of GDM was 6.27%. After adjustment for potentially confounding variables, TG/HDL-C ratio was positively associated with incident GDM (OR=1.77, 95%CI: 1.32-2.38, P=0.0001). Sensitivity analyses and subgroup analysis demonstrated the validity of the relationship between the TG/HDL-C ratio and GDM. The TG/HDL-C ratio was a good predictor of GDM, with an area under the ROC curve of 0.7863 (95% CI: 0.7090-0.8637). The optimal TG/HDL-C ratio cut-off value for detecting GDM was 2.2684, with a sensitivity of 72.97% and specificity of 75.05%. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that the elevated TG/HDL-C ratio is related to incident GDM. The TG/HDL-C ratio at 10-14 weeks could help identify pregnant women at risk for GDM and may make it possible for them to receive early and effective treatment to improve their prognosis. Copyright © 2023 You, Hu, Cao, Han, Tang and Zhao.
Is Chemerin Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus? A Case-Control Study; Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and Chemerin by analyzing chemerin levels in peripheral blood and cord blood, and chemerin mRNA and its protein expression in placenta and adipose tissue. Methods: A case-control study was conducted in 110 women with GDM and 110 controls without GDM who received regular prenatal services and delivered at Shanghai Pudong New Area Healthcare Hospital for Women and Children from June 2019 to December 2020. Results: The age, pre-pregnancy weight, pre-pregnancy BMI, antepartum BMI, TG/HDL ratio and TG levels in pregnant women with GDM were significantly higher than those in women without GDM, and HDL levels were significantly lower than those in the normal group. Chemerin in the umbilical cord blood of the GDM group was significantly higher than in that of the normal group, but there was no difference in chemerin levels in peripheral blood. In the two groups, the chemerin concentration in peripheral blood was significantly higher than that in umbilical cord blood (P<0.001). The Chemerin mRNA and protein expression levels in the placenta and adipose tissue of pregnant women in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the normal group (P <0.001). In the GDM group, the expression of chemerin protein in adipose tissue was significantly higher than that in placental tissue. Regression analysis showed that the expression level of chemerin protein in placental tissue and adipose tissue was positively correlated with the risk of GDM. Conclusion: Elevated chemerin is closely related to the risk of GDM, and the placenta may be an important secretion of chemotactic factor sources in addition to adipose tissue and participate in the development of GDM. © 2023 Ma et al.
Galanin ameliorates liver inflammation and fibrosis in mice by activating AMPK/ACC signaling and modifying macrophage inflammatory phenotype; Background and aims: Galanin is a naturally occurring peptide that plays a critical role in regulating inflammation and energy metabolism, with expression in the liver. The exact involvement of galanin in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and related fibrosis remains controversial. Methods: The effects of subcutaneously administered galanin were studied in mice with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) induced by a high-fat and high-cholesterol diet for 8 weeks, and in mice with liver fibrosis induced by CCl4 for 7 weeks. The underlying mechanism was also studied in vitro on murine macrophage cells (J774A.1 and RAW264.7). Results: Galanin reduced inflammation, CD68-positive cell count, MCP-1 level, and mRNA levels of inflammation-related genes in the liver of NASH mice. It also mitigated liver injury and fibrosis caused by CCl4. In vitro, galanin had anti-inflammatory effects on murine macrophages, including reduced phagocytosis and intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS). Galanin also activated AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK)/acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) signaling. Conclusion: Galanin ameliorates liver inflammation and fibrosis in mice, potentially by modifying macrophage inflammatory phenotype and activating AMPK/ACC signaling. Copyright © 2023 He, Huang, Wang, Yang, Zhang, Xu, Gu, Li and Chen.
Maternal elevated inflammation impairs placental fatty acids β-oxidation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: An adverse proinflammatory milieu contributes to abnormal cellular energy metabolism response. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to an altered maternal inflammatory status. However, its role on lipid metabolism regulation in human placenta has not yet been assessed. The aim of this study was to examine the impact of maternal circulating inflammatory mediators ([TNF]-α, [IL]-6, and Leptin) on placental fatty acid metabolism in GDM pregnancies. Methods: Fasting maternal blood and placental tissues were collected at term deliveries from 37 pregnant women (17 control and 20 GDM). Molecular approach techniques as radiolabeled lipid tracers, ELISAs, immunohistochemistry and multianalyte immunoassay quantitative analysis, were used to quantify serum inflammatory factors’ levels, to measure lipid metabolic parameters in placental villous samples (mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation [FAO] rate and lipid content [Triglycerides]), and to analyze their possible relationships. The effect of potential candidate cytokines on fatty acid metabolism in ex vivo placental explants culture following C-section a term was also examined. Results: Maternal serum IL-6, TNF-α and leptin levels were significantly increased in GDM patients compared with control pregnant women (9,9±4,5 vs. 3,00±1,7; 4,5±2,8 vs. 2,1±1,3; and 10026,7±5628,8 vs. 5360,2±2499,9 pg/ml, respectively). Placental FAO capacity was significantly diminished (~30%; p<0.01), whereas triglyceride levels were three-fold higher (p<0.01) in full-term GDM placentas. Uniquely the maternal IL-6 levels showed an inverse and positive correlation with the ability to oxidize fatty acids and triglyceride amount in placenta, respectively (r= -0,602, p=0.005; r= 0,707, p=0.001). Additionally, an inverse correlation between placental FAO and triglycerides was also found (r=-0.683; p=0.001). Interestingly, we ex vivo demonstrated by using placental explant cultures that a prolonged exposure with IL-6 (10 ng/mL) resulted in a decline in the fatty acid oxidation rate (~25%; p=0.001), along to acute increase (2-fold times) in triglycerides accumulation (p=0.001), and in lipid neutral and lipid droplets deposits. Conclusions: Enhanced maternal proinflammatory cytokines levels (essentially IL-6) is closely associated with an altered placental fatty acid metabolism in pregnancies with GDM, which may interfere with adequate delivery of maternal fat across the placenta to the fetus. Copyright © 2023 Visiedo, Vázquez-Fonseca, Ábalos-Martínez, Broullón-Molanes, Quintero-Prado, Mateos and Bugatto.
Polycystic ovary syndrome in South Asians; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinologic condition affecting females in the reproductive age group, with a prevalence estimated at 4% to 25% depending on the diagnostic criteria used. Patients with PCOS demonstrate a combination of characteristics, which may include anovulation, oligo or amenorrhoea, hirsutism, acne, hyperandrogenism, and morphologic changes in the ovary evident on ultrasonography. South Asian is a collective word used to refer to people who originate from the Indian subcontinent (India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and Nepal). These countries are densely populated and, like many regions of the world, also have people who suffer from PCOS. Globally, 20% of the world’s population is South Asian. The 2000 census revealed that there were 1.6 million South Asians living in the United States (0.7%). In 2001, 1 million South Asians were living in Canada (3%), and in 1999, a further 1 million were living in Australia (1.3%). In the United Kingdom (UK), 5.7% of the population of England and Wales identify as Asian or Asian-British. In the UK in 2001, South Asians constituted the largest ethnic minority group at 4% of the population. As a result, it is essential to better understand the impact of PCOS on South Asian females to ensure clinical treatments are well aligned to need. It is a known fact that various regions of the world will display ethnic variations in the expression of the condition. In the UK, in a community-based study, it was found that polycystic ovaries (PCO) were particularly common among females of South Asian origin (52%), compared with the prevalence of PCO observed in a predominantly Caucasian population (22%). A similar community-based study in Sri Lanka found the prevalence of PCOS to be 6.3%. The South Asian population, in general, also exhibits a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, which may increase long-term morbidity among those with PCOS. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Knowledge mapping of exosomes in metabolic diseases: a bibliometric analysis (2007-2022); Background: Research on exosomes in metabolic diseases has been gaining attention, but a comprehensive and objective report on the current state of research is lacking. This study aimed to conduct a bibliometric analysis of publications on “exosomes in metabolic diseases” to analyze the current status and trends of research using visualization methods. Methods: The web of science core collection was searched for publications on exosomes in metabolic diseases from 2007 to 2022. Three software packages, VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and R package “bibliometrix” were used for the bibliometric analysis. Results: A total of 532 papers were analyzed, authored by 29,705 researchers from 46 countries/regions and 923 institutions, published in 310 academic journals. The number of publications related to exosomes in metabolic diseases is gradually increasing. China and the United States were the most productive countries, while Ciber Centro de Investigacion Biomedica en Red was the most active institution. The International Journal of Molecular Sciences published the most relevant studies, and Plos One received the most citations. Khalyfa, Abdelnaby published the most papers and Thery, C was the most cited. The ten most co-cited references were considered as the knowledge base. After analysis, the most common keywords were microRNAs, biomarkers, insulin resistance, expression, and obesity. Applying basic research related on exosomes in metabolic diseases to clinical diagnosis and treatment is a research hotspot and trend. Conclusion: This study provides a comprehensive summary of research trends and developments in exosomes in metabolic diseases through bibliometrics. The information points out the research frontiers and hot directions in recent years and will provide a reference for researchers in this field. Copyright © 2023 Xu, Xia, Dou and Huang.
Personalized nutrition; The concepts of personalized nutrition and health have been known for over 2 millennia but the molecular processes that vary between individuals are only now being subjected to the advanced technologies of the modern era. The initial studies of personalized responses to nutrition focused almost exclusively on gene—nutrient interactions. Essentially all omics tools are now being used to assess how nutrients influence epigenetic markers, transcripts, metabolites, proteins, and the microbiome and, conversely, how genetics and molecular processes alter nutrient metabolism. The knowledge base for personalized nutrition is being accelerated by adoption of n-of-1 study designs, complementing the more traditional cross-sectional case/control designs. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of Probiotics in the Prevention and Management of Obesity: What Have We Learned So Far?; Obesity has posed a global health challenge and is increasing at an alarming pace among children and adults both in developed and developing countries. There are multiple factors involved in causing obesity, such as unhealthy eating habits, excessive use of carbohydrates and sugar-loaded drinks, low consumption of fruits and vegetables, high consumption of saturated fat and red meat, sedentary lifestyle, work environment, urban living, growth of fast-food chains, endocrine disrupters, genetics, psychogenic factors, etc. Recent observations indicate that the gut microbiota seem to play an important role in regulating energy homeostasis in our body. Obesity is the mother of several non-communicable diseases such as diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases, osteoarthritis, depression, and premature death, just to name a few. Diet- and environment-induced alterations in the gut microbiota are associated with the development of obesity. Probiotics consist of live bacteria that confer health benefits on the host. They may reduce symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome, some types of inflammatory bowel disease, and diarrhoea from antibiotics. Probiotics containing Lactobacillus and/or Bifidobacterium have been noted to improve lipid profile, decrease body weight, and metabolic dysfunction in animal models and obese humans. The focus of this book chapter is to summarize the potential mechanisms of high-fat diet-induced dysbiosis and the consequent occurrence of obesity. The role of probiotics in combating obesity and related metabolic disorders in experimental and clinical settings is also discussed. © 2023 selection and editorial matter, R.C. Sobti and Aastha Sobti; individual chapters, the contributors.
Ceramide in cerebrovascular diseases; Ceramide, a bioactive sphingolipid, serves as an important second messenger in cell signal transduction. Under stressful conditions, it can be generated from de novo synthesis, sphingomyelin hydrolysis, and/or the salvage pathway. The brain is rich in lipids, and abnormal lipid levels are associated with a variety of brain disorders. Cerebrovascular diseases, which are mainly caused by abnormal cerebral blood flow and secondary neurological injury, are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. There is a growing body of evidence for a close connection between elevated ceramide levels and cerebrovascular diseases, especially stroke and cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD). The increased ceramide has broad effects on different types of brain cells, including endothelial cells, microglia, and neurons. Therefore, strategies that reduce ceramide synthesis, such as modifying sphingomyelinase activity or the rate-limiting enzyme of the de novo synthesis pathway, serine palmitoyltransferase, may represent novel and promising therapeutic approaches to prevent or treat cerebrovascular injury-related diseases. Copyright © 2023 Yuan, Zhu, Li and Zhao.
Genetically determined vitamin D reception in metabolically unhealthy obesity in children; Background. Genomic effects of vitamin D are determined by conformational changes in the structure of the vitamin D receptor (VDR) determined by single nucleotide variants (SNV) of the VDR gene. The purpose is to study the association of the SNV of the VDR gene with metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO) in children. Materials and methods. Two hundred and fifty-two obese children aged 6—18years were examined. The main group (n = 152) was represented by patients with MUO. The control group (n = 100) consisted of children with metabolically healthy obesity. Whole genome sequencing (CeGat, Germany) was performed in 31 children of the main group and 21 controls. The level of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (Synevo, Ukraine) was measured in all patients. To verify the results, Spearman's correlation coefficient (r) and p-value for each variable were calculated. Results. Five SNVs of the VDR gene were identified: rs2228570 (1 DNA copy number variation (CNV): c.2T>C in 94.23 %); rs731236 (2 CNV: c.H056T>C, c. 1206T>Cin 65.38 %); rs 10783218(2 CNV: c.296+8C>T, c. 146+8C>Tin 7.69 %); rs2228572 (2 CNV: c.57C>T, c.207C>Tin 1.92 %); rs 12721365 (2 CNV: c. 1059OT, c.909OTin 1.92 % of patients). A correlation between SNV VDR and MUO was observed in the following genotypes: AA rs 12721365 (r = 0.21), AA rs2228572 (r = 0.21), GG SNV rs731236 (r = -0.15) and GG rs2228570 (r = -0.31), p < 0.05. Conclusions. The genotypes AG SNV VDR rs 12721365, rs2228572 are highly associated with the development of MUO. © 2023 Zaslavsky Publishing House. All rights reserved.
Research progress on the effects of exercise training on cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; The prevalence of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases is increasing all over the world, and the social and economic burden caused by it is increasing. 　 It has become a major public health problem for mankind. 　 In recent years, a large amount of evidence shows that proper exercise training can prevent and treat cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. 　 This paper reviews the molecular mechanism and therapeutic value of exercise training in cardiovascular diseases such as pathological myocardial hypertrophy, myocardial infarction, cardiomyopathy, heart failure and atherosclerosis, and metabolic diseases such as obesity, diabetes and fatty liver, in order to provide evidence and ideas for further research on prevention and treatment of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases based on exercise training. © 2023, Editorial Office of Chinese Journal of Arteriosclerosis. All rights reserved.
Circulating biological markers of obesity: towards a systems approach; The pathological processes associated with obesity are based on impaired energy homeostasis, as well as excessive endocrine and paracrine activity of adipose tissue, leading to inflammation and hormonal imbalance, which is accompanied by the secretion of a wide range of compounds affecting key body processes. One of the indirect methods for assessing the adipose tissue abnormalities is the measurement of the concentration of cytokines, growth factors, as well as a class of specific compounds - adipokines specific to adipose tissue. The study of circulating biomarkers makes it possible to assess their association with the risk of complications, metabolic obesity, and other clinical and functional features. Such markers include adipokines (leptin, adiponectin, apelin, resistin, omentin, visfatin, chemerin, lipocalin, etc.), inflammation biomarkers, heat shock proteins, which are discussed in detail in this review in the context of their use in obesity and concomitant diseases. © 2023 Vserossiiskoe Obshchestvo Kardiologov. All rights reserved.
Unravelling the mechanisms by which chronic hepatitis B infection is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes; An independent association between chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) and the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) has been reported in the literature. Ethnic background and regional influences have been demonstrated to play a role in the reporting of incidence rates of GDM among women with chronic HBV. The mechanisms behind this association are poorly understood, but evidence suggests an inflammatory basis. Viral factors such as chronic HBV replication, quantifiable by HBV viral load, have been proposed to contribute to the increasing risk of insulin resistance in pregnancy. More research is needed to better characterise the association and determine if any interventions early in pregnancy for women infected with chronic HBV would mitigate the development of GDM. 2023 Paramasivam, Krishnaswamy and Giles.
Functional Foods for the Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Diseases Including Hypertension; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are among the major causes of disability and death in many developing and developed countries. During the last 20 years, effective control of the fast-growing burden of CVDs through policies and key actions has been on the agenda all around the world. The main preemptive approach has been to promote a healthy lifestyle in populations. The term “functional foods, " which was introduced in the 1970s in Japan and the United States, refers to foods fortified with probiotics or various microorganisms, natural, or processed food that has biologically active components and should have special and evidence-based benefits for health promotion. There are animal or plant-based components found in functional foods that are biologically active and reduce the risk of heart diseases with the primary effects being on the established risk factors including diabetes, dyslipidemia, and high blood pressure. Functional foods are believed to exert protection against heart problems through antioxidative effects and lipid profile-modifying actions. Research on the potential cardioprotective effects of dietary components can be helpful in the process of functional food development. This chapter aims to examine the role of individual bioactive dietary items in cardiovascular protection. © 2023 selection and editorial matter, Syam Mohan, Shima Abdollahi, and Yashwant V. Pathak; individual chapters, the contributors.
Effect of nutmeg on glycemic status in rat and mice: a systematic review; Glycemic status depicts a state of individual blood glucose level. Biochemical parameters to identify glycemic status associated with diabetes mellitus include fasting or non-fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, and oral glucose tolerance. Our present work conducted a systematic review aiming to systematically summarize the in vivo experimental results of nutmeg treatments towards the glycemic status of rats and mice. The systematic review followed PRISMA guidelines. PubMed, ProQuest, Wiley Online Library, and Google Scholar were used as databases for searching articles. Twenty-one articles that met the criteria were eventually used in this systematic review. The results of the in vivo studies revealed that the intervention of nutmeg samples in rats and mice had a positive effect. This finding was present in all reviewed articles. Overall, treatment by nutmeg samples was able to attenuate fasting blood glucose, non-fasting blood glucose, and HbA1c in rats and mice, reaching up to 94.52, 60.76, and 48.86%. We also found that nutmeg samples prepared from mace and methanol had the highest effect in reducing blood glucose. Based on this systematic review, it can be concluded that nutmeg has a positive effect on improving glycemic status and reducing the risk of DM in rats and mice. © 2023, Sociedade Brasileira de Ciencia e Tecnologia de Alimentos, SBCTA. All rights reserved.
Investigating the Effect of Streptozotocin Induced Diabetes on the Ovarian Tissue of Nmri Mice Following the Injection of MgO and MgO NPs; Both men and women with diabetes are known to experience reduced fertility and poor reproductive health. Diabetes can negatively affect an organ’s structure and function, including the ovary. Recent investigations have identified magnesium oxide nanoparticles (MgONPs), one of the magnesium derivatives, as a strong anti-diabetic agent. In addition, the fertility hormones progesterone and estrogen are balanced by magnesium. Therefore, in the current study, the effects of MgO and MgONPs on the ovary in diabetic NMRI mice were compared. Using a randomization process, 50 female NMRI mice were placed into five groups: control, sham (physiological serum), diabetic (streptozotocin/STZ=50 mg/kg, intraperitoneal/IP), diabetic receiving MgO (25 mg/kg), and diabetic receiving MgONPs (25 mg/kg). After treatment for three weeks, every animal blood glucose and body weight were measured. The ovaries were detached following euthanasia, weighed, and then submerged in an appropriate fixative. According to the results, diabetes had no influence on the number of ovarian follicles, such as primary, secondary, and tertiary follicles, as well as follicular diameter. However, it did diminish the number of primordial follicles and corpus luteum (CL) (p<0.05). MgO supplementation prevented a decrease in the number of primordial follicles and CL (p<0.05). Administration of MgONPs prevented the loss of primordial follicles and also enhanced the quantity of CL (p<0.05). As a result, it is possible to draw the conclusion that MgONPs, as opposed to MgO, may have higher inhibiting and stimulating effects on folliculogenesis © This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
Host insulin resistance caused by Porphyromonas gingivalis-review of recent progresses; Porphyromonas gingivalis (P. gingivalis) is a Gram-negative oral anaerobic bacterium that plays a key role in the pathogenesis of periodontitis. P. gingivalis expresses a variety of virulence factors that disrupt innate and adaptive immunity, allowing P. gingivalis to survive and multiply in the host and destroy periodontal tissue. In addition to periodontal disease, P.gingivalis is also associated with systemic diseases, of which insulin resistance is an important pathological basis. P. gingivalis causes a systemic inflammatory response, disrupts insulin signaling pathways, induces pancreatic β-cell hypofunction and reduced numbers, and causes decreased insulin sensitivity leading to insulin resistance (IR). In this paper, we systematically review the studies on the mechanism of insulin resistance induced by P. gingivalis, discuss the association between P. gingivalis and systemic diseases based on insulin resistance, and finally propose relevant therapeutic approaches. Overall, through a systematic review of the mechanisms related to systemic diseases caused by P. gingivalis through insulin resistance, we hope to provide new insights for future basic research and clinical interventions for related systemic diseases. Copyright © 2023 Jia, Li and Du.
Xue-Jie-San restricts ferroptosis in Crohn’s disease via inhibiting FGL1/NF-κB/STAT3 positive feedback loop; Crohn’s disease (CD) is an incurable inflammatory bowel disease due to unclear etiology and pathogenesis. Accumulating evidences have shown the harmful role of ferroptosis in CD onset and development. Additionally, fibrinogen-like protein 1 (FGL1) has been verified to be a potential therapeutic target of CD. Xue-Jie-San (XJS) is an effective prescription for treating CD. However, its therapeutic mechanism has not been fully elucidated. This study aimed to determine whether XJS alleviating CD via regulating ferroptosis and FGL1 expression. A colitis rat model was induced by 2,4,6-trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid and treated with XJS. The disease activity indices of the colitis rats were scored. Histopathological damage was assessed using HE staining. ELISA was performed to examine inflammatory cytokines. Transmission electron microscopy was utilized to observe ultrastructure changes in intestinal epithelial cells (IECs). Iron load was evaluated by examining iron concentrations, the expressions of FPN, FTH and FTL. Lipid peroxidation was investigated through detecting the levels of ROS, 4-HNE, MDA and PTGS2. Furthermore, the SLC7A11/GSH/GPX4 antioxidant system and FGL1/NF-κB/STAT3 signaling pathway were examined. The results showed that colitis was dramatically ameliorated in the XJS-treated rats as evidenced by relief of clinical symptoms and histopathological damages, downregulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6, IL-17 and TNF-α, and upregulation of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10. Furthermore, XJS administration led to ferroptosis inhibition in IECs by reducing iron overload and lipid peroxidation. Mechanistically, XJS enhanced the SLC7A11/GSH/GPX4 antioxidant system negatively regulated by the FGL1/NF-κB/STAT3 positive feedback loop. In conclusion, XJS might restrain ferroptosis in IECs to ameliorate experimental colitis by inhibition of FGL1/NF-κB/STAT3 positive feedback loop. Copyright © 2023 Gao, Zhang, Du, Yang, Wang, Wen and Sun.
The effect of circulating adiponectin levels on incident gestational diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta‑analysis; Background: To quantitatively synthesize evidence from prospective observational studies regarding the mean levels of circulating adiponectin in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the association between adiponectin levels and GDM risk. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science were searched from their inception until November 8th, 2022, for nested case-control studies and cohort studies. Random-effect models were applied to the synthesized effect sizes. The difference in circulating adiponectin levels between the GDM and control groups was measured using the pooled standardized mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). The relationship between circulating adiponectin levels and GDM risk was examined using the combined odds ratio (OR) and 95% CI. Subgroup analyses were performed according to the study continent, GDM risk in the study population, study design, gestational weeks of circulating adiponectin detection, GDM diagnostic criteria, and study quality. Sensitivity and cumulative analyses were performed to evaluate the stability of the meta-analysis. Publication bias was assessed by funnel plots and Egger’s test. Results: The 28 studies included 13 cohort studies and 15 nested case-control studies, containing 12,256 pregnant women in total. The mean adiponectin level in GDM patients was significantly lower than in controls (SMD = −1.514, 95% CI = −2.400 to −0.628, p =.001, I 2 = 99%). The risk of GDM was significantly decreased among pregnant women with increasing levels of circulating adiponectin (OR = 0.368, 95% CI = 0.271–0.500, p <.001, I 2=83%). There were no significant differences between the subgroups. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that increasing circulating adiponectin levels were inversely associated with the risk of GDM. Given the inherent heterogeneity and publication bias of the included studies, further well-designed large-scale prospective cohort or intervention studies are needed to confirm our finding. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Molecular tracking of insulin resistance and inflammation development on visceral adipose tissue; Background: Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) is one of the most important sources of proinflammatory molecules in obese people and it conditions the appearance of insulin resistance and diabetes. Thus, understanding the synergies between adipocytes and VAT-resident immune cells is essential for the treatment of insulin resistance and diabetes. Methods: We collected information available on databases and specialized literature to construct regulatory networks of VAT resident cells, such as adipocytes, CD4+ T lymphocytes and macrophages. These networks were used to build stochastic models based on Markov chains to visualize phenotypic changes on VAT resident cells under several physiological contexts, including obesity and diabetes mellitus. Results: Stochastic models showed that in lean people, insulin produces inflammation in adipocytes as a homeostatic mechanism to downregulate glucose intake. However, when the VAT tolerance to inflammation is exceeded, adipocytes lose insulin sensitivity according to severity of the inflammatory condition. Molecularly, insulin resistance is initiated by inflammatory pathways and sustained by intracellular ceramide signaling. Furthermore, our data show that insulin resistance potentiates the effector response of immune cells, which suggests its role in the mechanism of nutrient redirection. Finally, our models show that insulin resistance cannot be inhibited by anti-inflammatory therapies alone. Conclusion: Insulin resistance controls adipocyte glucose intake under homeostatic conditions. However, metabolic alterations such as obesity, enhances insulin resistance in adipocytes, redirecting nutrients to immune cells, permanently sustaining local inflammation in the VAT. Copyright © 2023 Bensussen, Torres-Magallanes and Roces de Álvarez-Buylla.
Low-dose nano-gel incorporated with bile acids enhanced pharmacology of surgical implants; Aim: Major challenges to islet transplantation in Type 1 diabetes include host-inflammation, which results in failure to maintain survival and functions of transplanted islets. Therefore, this study investigated the applications of encapsulating the bile acid ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) with transplanted islets within improved nano-gel systems for Type 1 diabetes treatment. Materials methods: Islets were harvested from healthy mice, encapsulated using UDCA-nano gel and transplanted into the diabetic mice, while the control group was transplanted encapsulated islets without UDCA. The two groups' survival plot, blood glucose, and inflammation and bile acid profiles were analyzed. Results conclusion: UDCA-nano gel enhanced survival, glycemia and normalized bile acids' profile, which suggests improved islets functions and potential adjunct treatment for insulin therapy.  © 2023 Newlands Press. Plain language summary In this study, we explore the delivery of insulin producing cells that may benefit those with Type 1 diabetes. Cells were delivered to mice in a protective matrix. The matrix contained unique components, such as bile acids, that allowed for sustained reduction in glucose levels. This process may represent a novel diabetes treatment that could be an alternative to traditional insulin therapies.
Diabetes mellitus: definition, classification, diagnosis, screening and prevention (Update 2023); Diabetes mellitus comprises of a group of heterogeneous disorders, which have an increase in blood glucose concentrations in common. The current classification for diabetes mellitus is presented and the main features of type 1 and type 2 diabetes are compared. Furthermore, the criteria for the correct biochemical diagnosis during fasting and oral glucose tolerance tests as well as the use of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) are summarized. The increasing prevalence of diabetes requires targeted screening for detecting diabetes and prediabetes in risk groups. This forms the basis for the early initiation of measures to prevent the onset of diabetes in these risk groups and to delay the progression of diabetes. © 2022, The Author(s).
TASL Practice Guidance on the Clinical Assessment and Management of Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a multisystem disease and is significantly associated with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. NAFLD has become the most prevalent chronic liver disease in Western countries, and the proportion of NAFLD-related cirrhosis among patients on liver transplantation waiting lists has increased. In light of the accumulated data about NAFLD, and to provide a common approach with multi-disciplines dealing with the subject, it has become necessary to create new guidance for diagnosing and treating NAFLD. This guidance was prepared following an interdisciplinary study under the leadership of the Turkish Association for the Study of the Liver (TASL), Fatty Liver Special Interest Group. This new TASL Guidance is a practical application guide on NAFLD and was prepared to standardize the clinical approach to diagnosing and treating NAFLD patients. This guidance reflects many advances in the field of NAFLD. The proposals in this guidance are meant to aid decision-making in clinical practice. The guidance is primar-ily intended for gastroenterology, endocrinology, metabolism diseases, cardi-ology, internal medicine, pediatric specialists, and family medicine specialists. © 2023, Kare Publishing. All rights reserved.
Effects of Shenling Baizhu powder on intestinal microflora metabolites and liver mitochondrial energy metabolism in nonalcoholic fatty liver mice; (Figure presented.) Copyright © 2023 Yao, Guo, Du, Hong, Zhu, Feng, Hou and Shi.; Background & purpose: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is characterised by the excessive accumulation of triglycerides in the liver. Shenling Baizhu powder (SLBZP) is formulated from various natural medicinal plants that protect the liver and are used to treat intestinal diseases. SLBZP improves the symptoms of NAFLD. However, its mechanism of action remains unclear. Herein, we investigated the ameliorative effect of SLBZP on model mice with high-fat-diet (HFD)-induced NAFLD. Additionally, we evaluated the impact of SLBZP on the intestinal flora and its metabolites and mitochondrial energy metabolism in NAFLD. Methods: We used HFD to establish a mouse model of NAFLD. Different drug interventions were administered. We measured serum biochemical indices. Liver sections were visualised with hematoxylin–eosin and oil red O staining. 16S rDNA amplicon sequencing technology was used to analyse the diversity and abundance of the intestinal flora. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in the intestinal contents were detected using GC-MS. Liver tissue was sampled to detect mitochondrial membrane functional indices. Western blotting was used to determine the levels of mitochondrial pathway-related proteins, namely, uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2), adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and inhibitory factor 1 (IF1) of F1Fo ATP synthesis/hydrolase, in the liver. Results: The spleen-invigorating classic recipe of SLBZP reduced liver lipid deposition in mice with HFD-induced NAFLD. Additionally, SCFAs produced by intestinal flora metabolism regulated the UCP2/AMPK/IF1 signalling pathway involved in liver mitochondrial energy metabolism to improve the liver mitochondrial membrane permeability, respiratory state and oxidative phosphorylation efficiency of mice with NAFLD. Finally, SLBZP increased the liver ATP level. Conclusion: Our results suggest that the therapeutic effect of SLBZP on NAFLD is related to the regulation of hepatic mitochondrial energy metabolism by intestinal flora and its metabolites and is possibly associated with the UCP2/AMPK/IF1 signalling pathway. Copyright © 2023 Yao, Guo, Du, Hong, Zhu, Feng, Hou and Shi.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Implications across the Life Span; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has historically been perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy that also serves as a harbinger of maternal risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the future. In recent decades, a growing body of evidence has detailed additional lifelong implications that extend beyond T2DM, including an elevated risk of ultimately developing cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, the risk factors that mediate this lifetime cardiovascular risk are evident not only after delivery but are present even before the pregnancy in which GDM is first diagnosed. The concept thus emerging from these data is that the diagnosis of GDM enables the identification of women who are already on an enhanced track of cardiometabolic risk that starts early in life. Studies of the offspring of pregnancies complicated by diabetes now suggest that the earliest underpinnings of this cardiometabolic risk profile may be determined in utero and may first manifest clinically in childhood. Accordingly, from this perspective, GDM is now seen as a chronic metabolic disorder that holds implications across the life span of both mother and child. Copyright © 2023 Korean Diabetes Association.
Ferroptosis: a new strategy for Chinese herbal medicine treatment of diabetic nephropathy; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a serious microvascular complication of diabetes. It has become a leading cause of death in patients with diabetes and end-stage renal disease. Ferroptosis is a newly discovered pattern of programmed cell death. Its main manifestation is the excessive accumulation of intracellular iron ion-dependent lipid peroxides. Recent studies have shown that ferroptosis is an important driving factor in the onset and development of DN. Ferroptosis is closely associated with renal intrinsic cell (including renal tubular epithelial cells, podocytes, and mesangial cells) damage in diabetes. Chinese herbal medicine is widely used in the treatment of DN, with a long history and definite curative effect. Accumulating evidence suggests that Chinese herbal medicine can modulate ferroptosis in renal intrinsic cells and show great potential for improving DN. In this review, we outline the key regulators and pathways of ferroptosis in DN and summarize the herbs, mainly monomers and extracts, that target the inhibition of ferroptosis. Copyright © 2023 Wei, Liu, Tan, Tian, Li and Wei.
Identifying Candidate Reference Chemicals for In Vitro Testing of the Retinoid Pathway for Predictive Developmental Toxicity; Evaluating chemicals for potential in vivo toxicity based on their in vitro bioactivity profile is an important step toward animal-free testing. A compendium of reference chemicals and data describing their bioactivity on specific molecular targets, cellular pathways, and biological processes is needed to bolster confidence in the predictive value of in vitro hazard detection. Endogenous signaling by all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) is an important pathway in developmental processes and toxicities. Employing data extraction methods and advanced literature extraction tools, we assembled a set of candidate reference chemicals with demonstrated activity on ten protein family targets in the retinoid system. The compendium was culled from Protein Data Bank, ChEMBL, ToxCast/Tox21, and the biomedical literature in PubMed. Finally, we performed a case study on one chemical in our collection, citral, an inhibitor of endogenous ATRA production, to determine whether the literature supports an adverse outcome pathway explaining the compound’s developmental toxicity initiated by disruption of the retinoid pathway. We also deliver an updated Abstract Sifter tool populated with these reference compounds and complex search terms designed to query the literature for the downstream consequences to support concordance with targeted retinoid pathway disruption. © The Authors, 2023.
The Implication of Mechanistic Approaches and the Role of the Microbiome in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS): A Review; As a complex endocrine and metabolic condition, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) affects women’s reproductive health. These common symptoms include hirsutism, hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction, irregular menstruation, and infertility. No one knows what causes it or how to stop it yet. Alterations in gut microbiota composition and disruptions in secondary bile acid production appear to play a causative role in developing PCOS. PCOS pathophysiology and phenotypes are tightly related to both enteric and vaginal bacteria. Patients with PCOS exhibit changed microbiome compositions and decreased microbial diversity. Intestinal microorganisms also alter PCOS patient phenotypes by upregulating or downregulating hormone release, gut-brain mediators, and metabolite synthesis. The human body’s gut microbiota, also known as the “second genome,” can interact with the environment to improve metabolic and immunological function. Inflammation is connected to PCOS and may be caused by dysbiosis in the gut microbiome. This review sheds light on the recently discovered connections between gut microbiota and insulin resistance (IR) and the potential mechanisms of PCOS. This study also describes metabolomic studies to obtain a clear view of PCOS and ways to tackle it. © 2023 by the authors.
A novel regulatory facet for hypertriglyceridemia: The role of microRNAs in the regulation of triglyceride-rich lipoprotein biosynthesis; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is one of the major leading global causes of death. Genetic and epidemiological studies strongly support the causal association between triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins (TAGRL) and atherogenesis, even in statin-treated patients. Recent genetic evidence has clarified that variants in several key genes implicated in TAGRL metabolism are strongly linked to the increased ASCVD risk. There are several triacylglycerol-lowering agents; however, new therapeutic options are in development, among which are miRNA-based therapeutic approaches. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs (18–25 nucleotides) that negatively modulate gene expression through translational repression or degradation of target mRNAs, thereby reducing the levels of functional genes. MiRNAs play a crucial role in the development of hypertriglyceridemia as several miRNAs are dysregulated in both synthesis and clearance of TAGRL particles. MiRNA-based therapies in ASCVD have not yet been applied in human trials but are attractive. This review provides a concise overview of current interventions for hypertriglyceridemia and the development of novel miRNA and siRNA-based drugs. We summarize the miRNAs involved in the regulation of key genes in the TAGRLs synthesis pathway, which has gained attention as a novel target for therapeutic applications in CVD. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Pleckstrin Homology-Like Domain, Family A, Member 1 (PHLDA1): A Multifaceted Cell Survival Factor that Drives Metabolic Disease; Pleckstrin homology-like domain, family A, member 1 (PHLDA1) is a multifaceted intracellular protein belonging to the evolutionarily conserved pleckstrin homology-related domain family. Its murine homologue, T-cell death-associated 51 (TDAG51) gene, was initially discovered for its role in activation-induced apoptosis in T-cell hybridomas. In recent years, PHLDA1 has received increased attention due to its association with obesity, fatty liver disease, diabetes, atherosclerosis, and cancer. Accumulating evidence also supports its role in endoplasmic reticulum stress signaling pathways as a crucial mediator of apoptosis, autophagy, and cell proliferation. In this review, the current knowledge of PHLDA1 gene and protein regulation, localization, and function is summarized. This review highlights the pro- and anti-apoptotic roles of PHLDA1 that contribute to vast array of metabolic diseases. © 2022 THE AUTHORS
Optimization of Extraction Technology of Polysaccharides from Ganoderma lingzhi Mycelium and Its Protective Effect on Alcoholic Liver Injury; In this study, Ganoderma lingzhi mycelium powder was used as material to extract polysaccharides from Ganoderma lingzhi mycelium by water extraction and alcohol deposition method. On the basis of single factor experiment, response surface methodology was combined to optimize the extraction process of polysaccharides from Ganoderma lingzhi mycelium. Proteins and small molecules were removed by Sevage method and dialysis method, then, the preliminary purification of Ganoderma lingzhi mycelium polysaccharide (SGP) was obtained. Animal model: 60 mice were randomly divided into blank control group, model group, positive control group and low, medium and high administration groups (125, 250 and 500 mg/kg·bw). Except for blank group, each group was given 56° Beijing Red Star Erguotou by gavage at a dose of 0.1 mL/10 g·bw to establish a chronic alcohol liver injury model. Starting from the 15th day, 4 h after modeling, each administration group was given intragastric administration of silybin (200 mg/kg·bw) and different doses of SGP solution, respectively, and dissected after 2 consecutive weeks. The levels of aspartate amino transferase (AST), aspartate transaminase (ALT), catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-PX), malondialdehyde (MDA), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-1β (IL-1β), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) in serum and liver tissues of mice were determined by kit method, and the liver pathological sections of mice were observed. The results showed that the optimal extraction conditions of polysaccharides from Ganoderma lingzhi mycelium were 89 ℃, 2.5 h and liquid/solid ratio 85:1 mL/g. Under these conditions, the yield of polysaccharides was 3.44%. Animal experiment results showed that the liver index of mice in SGP medium and high dose groups was significantly decreased (P<0.01). The activities of CAT, SOD and GSH-PX in liver and serum of SGP medium and high dose groups were significantly increased (P<0.05), the activities of ALT and AST and the contents of MDA, TC, TG, IL-6, IL-1β and TNF-α were significantly decreased in SGP high-dose group (P<0.01). The results of pathological tissue sections showed that SGP could significantly improve liver damage. These results indicate that SGP can play a protective role in mice with chronic alcoholic liver injury by improving the oxidative stress level, lipid metabolism level and reducing the content of inflammatory factors in mouse liver cells. © 2023, Editorial Department of Science and Technology of Food Science. All rights reserved.
Risk of death from liver cancer in relation to long-term exposure to fine particulate air pollution in Taiwan; According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), airborne fine particulate matter (PM2.5), which is categorized as a Group I carcinogen, was found to lead to predominantly lung as well as other cancer types in humans. Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is endemic in Taiwan where it is the second and fourth foremost cause of cancer deaths in men and women, respectively. Taiwan’s mortality rates for liver cancer vary considerably from one region to another, suggesting that the environment may exert some influence on deaths attributed to liver cancer. The aim of this investigation was to perform an ecologic study to examine the possible link between ambient PM2.5 levels and risk of liver cancer in 66 in Taiwan municipalities. To undertake this investigation, annual PM2.5 levels and age-standardized liver cancer mortality rates were calculated for male and female residents of these areas from 2010 to 2019. Data were tested using weighted-multiple regression analyses to compute adjusted risk ratio (RR) controlling for urbanization level and physician density. Annual PM2.5 levels of each municipality were divided into tertiles. The adjusted RRs for males residing in those areas with intermediate tertile levels (21.85 to 28.21 ug/m3) and the highest tertiles levels (28.22–31.23 ug/m3) of PM2.5 were 1.29 (95% CI = 1.25–1.46) and 1.41 (95% CI = 1.36–1.46), respectively. Women in these locations shared a similar risk, 1.32 (1.25–1.4) and 1.41 (1.34–1.49), respectively. Evidence indicated that PM2.5 increased risk of mortality rates attributed to liver cancer in both men and women in Taiwan. © 2023 Taylor & Francis.
P-21 Activated Kinases in Liver Disorders; The p21 Activated Kinases (PAKs) are serine threonine kinases and play important roles in many biological processes, including cell growth, survival, cytoskeletal organization, migration, and morphology. Recently, PAKs have emerged in the process of liver disorders, including liver cancer, hepatic ischemia-reperfusion injury, hepatitis, and liver fibrosis, owing to their effects in multiple signaling pathways in various cell types. Activation of PAKs promotes liver cancer growth and metastasis and contributes to the resistance of liver cancer to radiotherapy and chemotherapy, leading to poor survival of patients. PAKs also play important roles in the development and progression of hepatitis and other pathological processes of the liver such as fibrosis and ischemia-reperfusion injury. In this review, we have summarized the currently available studies about the role of PAKs in liver disorders and the mechanisms involved, and further explored the potential therapeutic application of PAK inhibitors in liver disorders, with the aim to provide a comprehensive overview on current progress and perspectives of PAKs in liver disorders. © 2023 by the authors.
Cardioprotective effects of neuropeptide galanin: Focusing on its roles against diabetic heart; Following an unprecedented rise in the number of the aged, the incidence of age-related diseases, such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease, is consequently increasing in the world. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with excess cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The diabetic heart is characterized by increased cardiomyocyte stiffness and fibrotic changes. Despite many factors resulting in cardiomyocyte injury and dysfunction in diabetes, insulin resistance is still a critical etiology of diabetic cardiomyopathy. Preclinical and clinical studies have revealed an intriguing role for galanin in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and diabetic heart disease. A significant change in plasma galanin levels occurred in patients suffering from type 2 diabetes or cardiomyocyte injury. In turn, galanin may also distinctly mitigate hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in diabetes as well as increase glucose metabolism and mitochondrial biogenesis in cardiac muscle. Here, we critically review current data about the multivariate relationship among galanin, insulin resistance, and cardiac muscle to comprehensively evaluate the protective role of galanin and its receptors for the diabetic heart and to determine whether galanin receptor 2 agonists potentially represent a feasible way to treat diabetic cardiomyopathy in the future. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Low carbohydrate intake correlates with trends of insulin resistance and metabolic acidosis in healthy lean individuals; Introduction: Both obesity and a poor diet are considered major risk factors for triggering insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Owing to the impact of low-carbohydrate diets, such as the keto diet and the Atkins diet, on weight loss in individuals with obesity, these diets have become an effective strategy for a healthy lifestyle. However, the impact of the ketogenic diet on IRS in healthy individuals of a normal weight has been less well researched. This study presents a cross-sectional observational study that aimed to investigate the effect of low carbohydrate intake in healthy individuals of a normal weight with regard to glucose homeostasis, inflammatory, and metabolic parameters. Methods: The study included 120 participants who were healthy, had a normal weight (BMI 25 kg/m2), and had no history of a major medical condition. Self-reported dietary intake and objective physical activity measured by accelerometry were tracked for 7 days. The participants were divided into three groups according to their dietary intake of carbohydrates: the low-carbohydrate (LC) group (those consuming <45% of their daily energy intake from carbohydrates), the recommended range of carbohydrate (RC) group (those consuming 45–65% of their daily energy intake from carbohydrates), and the high-carbohydrate (HC) group (those consuming more than 65% of their daily energy intake from carbohydrates). Blood samples were collected for the analysis of metabolic markers. HOMA of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and HOMA of β-cell function (HOMA-β), as well as C-peptide levels, were used for the evaluation of glucose homeostasis. Results: Low carbohydrate intake (<45% of total energy) was found to significantly correlate with dysregulated glucose homeostasis as measured by elevations in HOMA-IR, HOMA-β% assessment, and C-peptide levels. Low carbohydrate intake was also found to be coupled with lower serum bicarbonate and serum albumin levels, with an increased anion gap indicating metabolic acidosis. The elevation in C-peptide under low carbohydrate intake was found to be positively correlated with the secretion of IRS-related inflammatory markers, including FGF2, IP-10, IL-6, IL-17A, and MDC, but negatively correlated with IL-3. Discussion: Overall, the findings of the study showed that, for the first time, low-carbohydrate intake in healthy individuals of a normal weight might lead to dysfunctional glucose homeostasis, increased metabolic acidosis, and the possibility of triggering inflammation by C-peptide elevation in plasma. Copyright © 2023 Al-Reshed, Sindhu, Al Madhoun, Bahman, AlSaeed, Akhter, Malik, Alzaid, Al-Mulla and Ahmad.
The Molecular Basis of the Anti-Inflammatory Property of Astragaloside IV for the Treatment of Diabetes and Its Complications; Astragali Radix is a significant traditional Chinese medication, and has a long history of clinical application in the treatment of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. AS-IV is an active saponin isolated from it. Modern pharmacological study shows that AS-IV has anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant and immunomodulatory activities. The popular inflammatory etiology of diabetes suggests that DM is a natural immune and low-grade inflammatory disease. Pharmacological intervention of the inflammatory response may provide promising and alternative approaches for the prevention and treatment of DM and its complications. Therefore, this article focuses on the potential of AS-IV in the treatment of DM from the perspective of an anti-inflammatory molecular basis. AS-IV plays a role by regulating a variety of anti-inflammatory pathways in multiple organs, tissues and target cells throughout the body. The blockade of the NF-κB inflammatory signaling pathway may be the central link of AS-IV’s anti-inflammatory effect, resulting in a reduction in the tissue structure and function damage stimulated by inflammatory factors. In addition, AS-IV can delay the onset of DM and its complications by inhibiting inflammation-related oxidative stress, fibrosis and apoptosis signals. In conclusion, AS-IV has therapeutic prospects from the perspective of reducing the inflammation of DM and its complications. An in-depth study on the anti-inflammatory mechanism of AS-IV is of great significance for the effective use of Chinese herbal medicine and the promotion of its status and influence on the world. © 2023 Li et al.
Manipulating the Gut Microbiome as a Therapeutic Strategy to Mitigate Late Effects in Childhood Cancer Survivors; Recent studies have identified causal links between altered gut microbiome, chronic inflammation, and inflammation-driven conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Childhood cancer survivors (CCS) show late effects of therapy in the form of inflammaging-related disorders as well as microbial dysbiosis, supporting a hypothesis that the conditions are interconnected. Given the susceptibility of the gut microbiome to alteration, a number of therapeutic interventions have been investigated for the treatment of inflammatory conditions, though not within the context of cancer survivorship in children and adolescents. Here, we evaluate the potential for these interventions, which include probiotic supplementation, prebiotics/fiber-rich diet, exercise, and fecal microbiota transplantation for prevention and treatment of cancer treatment-related microbial dysbiosis in survivors. We also make recommendations to improve adherence and encourage long-term lifestyle changes for maintenance of healthy gut microbiome in CCS as a potential strategy to mitigate treatment-related late effects. © The Author(s) 2023.
Evening primrose oil attenuates oxidative stress, inflammation, fibrosis, apoptosis, and ultrastructural alterations induced by metanil yellow in the liver of rat: a histological, immunohistochemical, and biochemical study; The food color metanil yellow (Myl) is hazardous to several body systems. Evening primrose oil (EPO) was reported to have anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. The present work investigated the impact of Myl on the hepatic structure and function of rats and evaluated the protective effect of EPO. Forty adult male rats were divided into four groups: control, EPO (5 g/kg/day), Myl (200 mg/kg/day), and EPO- Myl group. Myl significantly increased liver enzymes, advanced glycation end products (AGE), oxidative stress parameters, pro-inflammatory cytokines, nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB), and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS). Blood vessels in the liver were dilated and congested, with cellular infiltration around them and associated with fibrosis. The hepatocytes were vacuolated and had dark nuclei. The immunohistochemical expression of iNOS, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), and Bax was significantly elevated. Ultrastructurally, the hepatocytes showed lipid droplets, irregular condensed nuclei with widened perinuclear space, dilated rER, mitochondria with destructed cristae, and multiple vacuoles. Dilated congested blood sinusoids and collagen fiber bundles were seen between hepatocytes. Interestingly, these alterations were less pronounced in rats co-administrated with EPO and Myl. In conclusion, EPO can protect liver against the toxic effects of Myl due to its anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant activities. © 2023 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Screening for MAFLD: who, when and how?; Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a highly prevalent disease with increasing prevalence worldwide. Currently, no universal screening methods have been standardized, even when this disease poses a major health burden. MAFLD as a spectrum of diseases can range from simple steatosis, and steatohepatitis to fibrosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Its extra-hepatic manifestations are vast and include cardiovascular diseases, extra-hepatic malignancies, cognitive and respiratory alterations. Given its extensive damage targets as well as its high prevalence, timely identification of the high-risk population presenting metabolic dysfunction should undergo universal non-invasive screening methods, which can be carried out through blood tests, easy and effective imaging techniques, such as ultrasound, score calculation and general clinical information brought together from primary patient–physician contact. © The Author(s), 2023.
Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and fetal growth restriction: an analysis of maternal and fetal body composition using magnetic resonance imaging; Introduction: Maternal body composition may influence fetal body composition. Objective: The objective of this pilot study was to investigate the relationship between maternal and fetal body composition. Methods: Three pregnant women cohorts were studied: healthy, gestational diabetes (GDM), and fetal growth restriction (FGR). Maternal body composition (visceral adipose tissue volume (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue volume (SAT), pancreatic and hepatic proton-density fat fraction (PDFF) and fetal body composition (abdominal SAT and hepatic PDFF) were measured using MRI between 30 to 36 weeks gestation. Results: Compared to healthy and FGR fetuses, GDM fetuses had greater hepatic PDFF (5.2 [4.2, 5.5]% vs. 3.2 [3, 3.3]% vs. 1.9 [1.4, 3.7]%, p = 0.004). Fetal hepatic PDFF was associated with maternal SAT (r = 0.47, p = 0.02), VAT (r = 0.62, p = 0.002), and pancreatic PDFF (r = 0.54, p = 0.008). When controlling for maternal SAT, GDM increased fetal hepatic PDFF by 0.9 ([0.51, 1.3], p = 0.001). Conclusion: In this study, maternal SAT, VAT, and GDM status were positively associated with fetal hepatic PDFF. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature America, Inc.
Circulating microRNAs associated with gestational diabetes mellitus: useful biomarkers?; Different types of small non-coding RNAs, especially miRNAs, may be found in the circulation, either protein-bound or enclosed in extracellular vesicles. During gestation, and particularly during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the levels of several miRNAs are altered. Worldwide the incidence of GDM is increasing, in part driven by the current obesity epidemic. This is a point of public health concern because offspring of women with GDM frequently suffer from short- and long-term complications of maternal GDM. This has prompted the investigation of whether levels of specific miRNA species, detected early in gestation, may be used as diagnostic or prognostic markers for the development of GDM. Here, we summarize the mechanisms of RNA secretion and review circulating miRNAs associated with GDM. Several miRNAs are associated with GDM: miR-29a-3p and miR-29b-3p are generally upregulated in GDM pregnancies, also when measured prior to the development of GDM, while miR-16-5p is consistently upregulated in GDM pregnancies, especially in late gestation. miR-330-3p in circulation is increased in late gestation GDM women, especially in those with poor insulin secretion. miR-17-5p, miR-19a/b-3p, miR-223-3p, miR-155-5p, miR-125-a/b-5p, miR-210-3p and miR-132 are also associated with GDM, but less so and with more contradictory results reported. There could be a publication bias as miRNAs identified early are investigated the most, suggesting that it is likely that additional, more recently detected miRNAs could also be associated with GDM. Thus, circulating miRNAs show potential as biomarkers of GDM diagnosis or prognosis, especially multiple miRNAs containing prediction algorithms show promise, but further studies are needed. © 2022 Society for Endocrinology Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
MOTS-c Functionally Prevents Metabolic Disorders; Mitochondrial-derived peptides are a family of peptides encoded by short open reading frames in the mitochondrial genome, which have regulatory effects on mitochondrial functions, gene expression, and metabolic homeostasis of the body. As a new member of the mitochondrial-derived peptide family, mitochondrial open reading frame of the 12S rRNA-c (MOTS-c) is regarding a peptide hormone that could reduce insulin resistance, prevent obesity, improve muscle function, promote bone metabolism, enhance immune regulation, and postpone aging. MOTS-c plays these physiological functions mainly through activating the AICAR-AMPK signaling pathways by disrupting the folate-methionine cycle in cells. Recent studies have shown that the above hormonal effect can be achieved through MOTS-c regulating the expression of genes such as GLUT4, STAT3, and IL-10. However, there is a lack of articles summarizing the genes and pathways involved in the physiological activity of MOTS-c. This article aims to summarize and interpret the interesting and updated findings of MOTS-c-associated genes and pathways involved in pathological metabolic processes. Finally, it is expected to develop novel diagnostic markers and treatment approaches with MOTS-c to prevent and treat metabolic disorders in the future. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of Dietary Phytochemicals on DNA Damage in Cancer Cells; With the increasing incidence of cancer worldwide, the prevention and treatment of cancer have garnered considerable scientific attention. Traditional chemotherapeutic drugs are highly toxic and associated with substantial side effects; therefore, there is an urgent need for developing new therapeutic agents. Dietary phytochemicals are important in tumor prevention and treatment because of their low toxicity and side effects at low concentrations; however, their exact mechanisms of action remain obscure. DNA damage is mainly caused by physical or chemical factors in the environment, such as ultraviolet light, alkylating agents and reactive oxygen species that cause changes in the DNA structure of cells. Several phytochemicals have been shown inhibit the occurrence and development of tumors by inducing DNA damage. This article reviews the advances in phytochemical research; particularly regarding the mechanisms related to DNA damage and provide a theoretical basis for future chemoprophylaxis research. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
High glucose and high lipid induced mitochondrial dysfunction in JEG-3 cells through oxidative stress; Few studies focused on the roles of high glucose combined with high lipid in placental development or fetal growth. This study was designed to investigate the roles of high glucose combined with high lipid in mitochondrial dysfunction of JEG-3 cells. We determined the cellular proliferation and apoptosis, superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity, concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA), and lactic acid dehydrogenase in control group, high glucose group, high lipid group, and high glucose and high lipid group, together with the mitochondrial dysfunction, Nrf2, HO-1, SMAC, and cytochrome C (Cyt-C) expression. Significant decrease of SOD and significant elevation of MDA was seen in high glucose and high lipid group compared with the other three groups. There was significant decrease in mitochondrial SMAC and Cyt-C in high glucose group, high lipid group, and high glucose and high lipid group compared with those of control group. Nrf2 and HO-1 protein expression in high glucose combined with high lipid group showed significant decrease compared with that of high lipid group or high glucose group. We speculated that combination of high glucose and high lipid induced oxidative stress in JEG-3 cells, and Nrf2/ARE pathway may be related to this process.  © 2023 the author(s), published by De Gruyter.
Intermittent fasting in type 2 diabetes: from fundamental science to clinical applications; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a huge challenge for global public health systems. Currently, healthcare policies advocate the prevention of the onset and progression of T2DM by improving individual lifestyles. The increasing benefits of intermittent fasting (IF) as a dietary intervention have been elucidated. However, the beneficial effects of IF in T2DM remain inconclusive. We demonstrated the physiological mechanisms underlying the positive effects of IF in T2DM. IF could trigger metabolic transformation to improve systemic metabolism and induce tissue-specific metabolic adaptations through alterations in the gut microbiota, adipose tissue remodeling, correction of circadian rhythm disturbances, and increased autophagy in peripheral tissues. The efficacy and safety of IF regimens in clinical applications carry a risk of hypoglycemia and require monitoring of blood glucose and timely adjustment of medications. However, there is limited evidence of a positive effect of IF in weight loss and improvement of glycemic variables. Overall, IF serves as a promising therapeutic target for T2DM and needs to be established by a large randomized controlled trial. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Evolution of the diagnostic value of “the sugar of the blood”: hitting the sweet spot to identify alterations in glucose dynamics; In this paper, we provide an overview of the evolution of the definition of hyperglycemia during the past century and the alterations in glucose dynamics that cause fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia. We discuss how extensive mechanistic, physiological research into the factors and pathways that regulate the appearance of glucose in the circulation and its uptake and metabolism by tissues and organs has contributed knowledge that has advanced our understanding of different types of hyperglycemia, namely prediabetes and diabetes and their subtypes (impaired fasting plasma glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, combined impaired fasting plasma glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus), their relationships with medical complications, and how to prevent and treat hyperglycemia. © 2023 the American Physiological Society.
Maternal Betaine Supplementation Mitigates Maternal High Fat Diet-Induced NAFLD in Offspring Mice through Gut Microbiota; Maternal betaine supplementation has been proven to alleviate non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring caused by maternal high-fat diet (MHFD). The gut–liver axis plays an important role in NAFLD pathogenesis. However, whether maternal betaine supplementation can alleviate NAFLD in offspring by the gut–liver axis is unknown. C57BL/6J mice were fed with high-fat diet for 4 weeks before mating, and supplemented with 1% betaine during pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, offspring mice were fed with standard diet to 10 weeks. Maternal betaine supplementation reduced hepatic triglyceride content and alleviated hepatic steatosis in offspring mice exposed to MHFD. Furthermore, the mRNA expression of PPARα, CPT1α and FATP2 was increased and TNFα was reduced by maternal betaine supplementation. Maternal betaine intake decreased the relative abundances of Proteobateria, Desulfovibrio and Ruminococcus, but increased the relative abundances of Bacteroides and Parabacteroides. Moreover, maternal betaine intake increased the concentrations of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), including acetic acid, butyric acid and valeric acid, in the feces. Gut microbiota and SCFAs were significantly correlated with hepatic triglyceride content and expression of the above genes. Maternal betaine intake had no effect on other gut microbiota-related metabolites (bile acid and trimethylamine-n-oxide). Altogether, maternal betaine supplementation ameliorated MHFD-induced NAFLD possibly through regulating gut microbiota and SCFAs in offspring mice. © 2023 by the authors.
Immunometabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus: tissue-specific interactions; The immune system is frequently described in the context of its protective function against infections and its role in the development of autoimmunity. For more than a decade, the interactions between the immune system and metabolic processes have been reported, in effect creating a new research field, termed immunometabolism. Accumulating evidence supports the hypothesis that the development of metabolic diseases may be linked to inflammation, and reflects, in some cases, the activation of immune responses. As such, immunometabolism is defined by 1) inflammation as a driver of disease development and/or 2) metabolic processes stimulating cellular differentiation of the immune components. In this review, the main factors capable of altering the immuno-metabolic communication leading to the development and establishment of obesity and diabetes are comprehensively presented. Tissue-specific immune responses suggested to impair metabolic processes are described, with an emphasis on the adipose tissue, gut, muscle, liver, and pancreas.  © 2020 Termedia & Banach.
Inverse association of daily fermented soybean paste (“Jang”) intake with metabolic syndrome risk, especially body fat and hypertension, in men of a large hospital-based cohort; Introduction: Jang is a fermented soybean paste containing salt and is traditionally used as a substitute for salt to enhance the flavor of foods in Korea. It has been speculated that regular consumption of Jang may lower the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). We hypothesized that Jang intake was associated with the risk of MetS and its components after adjusting for potential confounders, including sodium intake. The hypothesis was investigated according to gender in a large city hospital-based cohort (n = 58,701) in Korea. Methods: Jang intake, calculated as the sum of the intakes of Chungkookjang, Doenjang, Doenjang soup, and Ssamjang (a mixture of Doenjang and Kochujang), was included in the semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (SQFFQ) administered to the cohort, and the daily Jang intake was estimated. The participants were categorized into low-Jang and high-Jang groups by 1.9 g daily Jang intake. MetS was defined according to 2005 revised United States National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP-ATP III) criteria modified for Asians. Results: The participants in the low-Jang and high-Jang groups consumed an average of 0.63 g and 4.63 g Jang daily; their total sodium intake was about 1.91 and 2.58 g/day, respectively. The participants in the high-Jang group had higher energy, fiber, calcium, vitamin C, vitamin D, and potassium intake than those in the low-Jang group. After adjusting for covariates, the participants with the highest sodium intake (≥3.31 g/day) were positively associated with MetS risk in the quintiles of men and women. Among the MetS components, waist circumference, fat mass, and hypo-high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterolemia were positively associated with sodium intake in all participants and women. Unlike the association seen with sodium intake, Jang intake (≥1.9 g/day) was inversely associated with MetS components, including waist circumference, fat mass, serum glucose concentrations, and hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia in all participants and men, after adjusting for covariates including sodium intake. Discussion: Substituting salt for Jang in cooking may be recommended to prevent and alleviate MetS incidence, and its efficacy for MetS risk was better in men than women. The results can be applied to sodium intake in Asian countries where salt is used to promote flavor. Copyright © 2023 Jeong, Yang, Yang, Ryu, Ha, Jeong and Park.
Evaluation of first-and third-Trimester afamin levels in preeclampsia; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate serum afamin levels in the first and third trimesters in preeclampsia. METHODS: Serum samples from 118 patients in the first and third trimesters were analyzed. Serum samples were collected from pregnant women who had enrolled in the first trimester. Blood was then collected from pregnant women who had developed preeclampsia and from healthy controls in the third trimester. The collected blood samples were resolved for analysis, and serum afamin concentrations were measured in the first and third trimesters. Preeclampsia and healthy controls were compared. RESULTS: There was no significant difference between the control and preeclampsia groups in terms of age, body mass index, and smoking. Afamin levels in the first and third trimesters were higher in the preeclampsia group than in the control group (p 0.05). In the subgroup analysis of the preeclampsia group, afamin levels were higher in the early-onset preeclampsia group than in the late-onset preeclampsia group in the first and third trimesters (p 0.05). In the receiver operating characteristic analysis afamin levels were 96.23 ng/mL in the first trimester and 123.57 ng/mL in the third trimester as cut-off values for preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Serum afamin levels are useful for predicting preeclampsia in the first trimester in pregnant women and can be used in clinical practice as a supportive biomarker for the diagnosis of preeclampsia in the third trimester. Meta-Analyzes are needed to investigate the effect of afamin levels in the prediction and diagnosis of preeclampsia and to determine the cut-off value. © 2023 Associacao Medica Brasileira. All rights reserved.
Transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients; Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of adults in the United States. Transient elastography (TE) (Fibroscan, Echosens, Paris, France) with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to evaluate liver steatosis and liver stiffness. The primary objective of this study was to assess prevalence of elevated liver stiffness and steatosis immediately postpartum. Furthermore, we sought to evaluate whether there were differences in rates of metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) and pre-pregnancy conditions (type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic hypertension, and obesity) in those with elevated postpartum liver steatosis/liver stiffness. Methods: IRB approved prospective cross-sectional study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1–2 days postpartum. CAP ≥300 dB/m was classified as significant steatosis. Increased liver stiffness was defined as ≥7 kPa. Prevalence was determined by proportion of individuals undergoing TE/CAP who met criteria. Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. Results: Eighty-nine patients were included: 20 (22%) had GDM, 13 (15%) had gestational hypertension, and 15 (17%) had preeclampsia. Women with kPa ≥7 were more likely to have ALT ≥25, type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia (p <.05). Pre-gravid BMI, BMI at delivery, and GDM were not associated with increased kPa. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP ≥ 300 dB/m (p <.05). GDM, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were not associated with CAP ≥300 dB/m. Conclusions: Patients with preeclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and ≥30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not impact liver stiffness. GDM was not associated with increased liver stiffness or steatosis. Consideration should be made for screening pregnant patients with preeclampsia, type 2 DM and overweight or obese BMI for liver disease in the postpartum period with potential for lifestyle intervention. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Effectiveness of Scutellaria baicalensis Georgi root in pregnancy-related diseases: A review; The root of Scutellaria baicalensis Georgi, also called Huangqin, is frequently used in traditional Chinese medicine. In ancient China, S. baicalensis root was used to clear heat, protect the fetus, and avoid a miscarriage for thousands of years. In modern times, pregnancy-related diseases can seriously affect maternal and fetal health, but few systematic studies have explored the mechanisms and potential targets of S. baicalensis root in the treatment of pregnancy-related diseases. Flavonoids (baicalein, wogonin and oroxylin A) and flavonoid glycosides (baicalin and wogonoside) are the main chemical components in the root of S. baicalensis. This study presents the current understanding of the major chemical components in the root of S. baicalensis, focusing on their traditional uses, potential therapeutic effects and ethnopharmacological relevance to pregnancy-related disorders. The mechanisms, potential targets and experimental models of S. baicalensis root for ameliorating pregnancy-related diseases, such as recurrent spontaneous abortion, preeclampsia, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction and gestational diabetes mellitus, are highlighted. © 2022 Shanghai Changhai Hospital
Comprehensive Review of Seven Plant Seed Oils: Chemical Composition, Nutritional Properties, and Biomedical Functions; A suitable and balanced diet is a major factor determining human health and should comprise unprocessed food enriched with oilseed products containing bioactive components and fatty acids. This paper reviews the chemical compositions and biomedical functions of plant seed oils extracted from black cumin, evening primrose, hemp, milk thistle, sesame, flax, and pumpkin seeds. The review provides a comprehensive overview of current oil extracting techniques and of the composition and content of bioactive components, including fatty acids, phytosterols, tocopherols, phenols, and carotenoids. Moreover, we describe research findings on the medical applications, benefits and limitations of treatment with plant seed oils for diverse diseases such as mastalgia, premenstrual syndrome, menopause, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, cancer, and urinary tract and liver disease, as well as their use in dermatology and chemotherapy. The use of plant seed oils as topical agents and their anti-bacterial properties are reviewed, as well as important precautions in their medical applications. The information provided in this review is intended to serve as a compendium for medical professionals in the field of integrative medicine, nutrition, and dietetics, and to help consumers make the best use of plant seed oils in accordance with their medical and health needs. The review is also addressed to food control laboratories, as it provides detailed tabularised data on the components and their contents in the above-mentioned seven plant seed oils. These data are highly useful for the development of new analytical methods for testing the quality and authenticity of oils. © 2022 Taylor & Francis.
Fibrillin-1 and asprosin, novel players in metabolic syndrome; Fibrillin-1 is a major component of the extracellular microfibrils, where it interacts with other extracellular matrix proteins to provide elasticity to connective tissues, and regulates the bioavailability of TGFβ family members. A peptide consisting of the C-terminal 140 amino acids of fibrillin-1 has recently been identified as a glucogenic hormone, secreted from adipose tissue during fasting and targeting the liver to release glucose. This fragment, called asprosin, also signals in the hypothalamus to stimulate appetite. Asprosin levels are correlated with many of the pathologies indicative of metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance and obesity. Previous studies and reviews have addressed the therapeutic potential of asprosin as a target in obesity, diabetes and related conditions without considering mechanisms underlying the relationship between generation of asprosin and expression of the much larger fibrillin-1 protein. Profibrillin-1 undergoes obligatory cleavage at the cell surface as part of its assembly into microfibrils, producing the asprosin peptide as well as mature fibrillin-1. Patterns of FBN1 mRNA expression are inconsistent with the necessity for regulated release of asprosin. The asprosin peptide may be protected from degradation in adipose tissue. We present evidence for an alternative possibility, that asprosin mRNA is generated independently from an internal promoter within the 3′ end of the FBN1 gene, which would allow for regulation independent of fibrillin-synthesis and is more economical of cellular resources. The discovery of asprosin opened exciting possibilities for treatment of metabolic syndrome related conditions, but there is much to be understood before such therapies could be introduced into the clinic. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal micronutrient disturbance as risks of offspring metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is defined as a constellation of individual metabolic disturbances, including central obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. The established pathogenesis of MetS varies extensively with gender, age, ethnic background, and nutritional status. In terms of nutritional status, micronutrients are more likely to be discounted as essential components of required nutrition than macronutrients due to the small amount required. Numerous observational studies have shown that pregnant women frequently experience malnutrition, especially in developing and low-income countries, resulting in chronic MetS in the offspring due to the urgent and increasing demands for micronutrients during gestation and lactation. Over the past few decades, scientific developments have revolutionized our understanding of the association between balanced maternal micronutrients and MetS in the offspring. Examples of successful individual, dual, or multiple maternal micronutrient interventions on the offspring include iron for hypertension, selenium for type 2 diabetes, and a combination of folate and vitamin D for adiposity. In this review, we aim to elucidate the effects of maternal micronutrient intake on offspring metabolic homeostasis and discuss potential perspectives and challenges in the field of maternal micronutrient interventions. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
Meteorin-like/Metrnl, a novel secreted protein implicated in inflammation, immunology, and metabolism: A comprehensive review of preclinical and clinical studies; Meteorin-like, also known as Metrnl, Meteorin-β, Subfatin, and Cometin, is a novel secreted protein exerting pleiotropic effects on inflammation, immunology, and metabolism. Earlier research on this hormone focused on regulating energy expenditure and glucose homeostasis. Consequently, several studies attempted to characterize the molecule mechanism of Metrnl in glucose metabolism and obesity-related disorders but reported contradictory clinical results. Recent studies gradually noticed its multiple protective functions in inflammatory immune regulations and cardiometabolic diseases, such as inducing macrophage activation, angiogenesis, tissue remodeling, bone formation, and preventing dyslipidemias. A comprehensive understanding of this novel protein is essential to identify its significance as a potential therapeutic drug or a biomarker of certain diseases. In this review, we present the current knowledge on the physiology of Metrnl and its roles in inflammation, immunology, and metabolism, including animal/cell interventional preclinical studies and human clinical studies. We also describe controversies regarding the data of circulation Metrnl in different disease states to determine its clinical application better. Copyright © 2023 Li, Gao, Sun, Zhang, Yang, Zheng and Shen.
Gender Differences and Cardiometabolic Risk: The Importance of the Risk Factors; Metabolic syndrome (Mets) is a clinical condition characterized by a cluster of major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes: proatherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, dysglycemia, and abdominal obesity. Each risk factor has an independent effect, but, when aggregated, they become synergistic, doubling the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and causing a 1.5-fold increase in all-cause mortality. We will highlight gender differences in the epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, and clinical expression of the aforementioned Mets components. Moreover, we will discuss gender differences in new biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk. © 2023 by the authors.
Myeloid- and hepatocyte-specific deletion of group VIA calcium-independent phospholipase A2 leads to dichotomous opposing phenotypes during MCD diet-induced NASH; Polymorphisms of phospholipase A2VIA (iPLA2β or PLA2G6) are associated with body weights and blood C-reactive protein. The role of iPLA2β/PLA2G6 in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is still elusive because female iPla2β-null mice showed attenuated hepatic steatosis but exacerbated hepatic fibrosis after feeding with methionine- and choline-deficient diet (MCDD). Herein, female mice with myeloid- (MPla2g6−/−) and hepatocyte- (LPla2g6−/−) specific PLA2G6 deletion were generated and phenotyped after MCDD feeding. Without any effects on hepatic steatosis, MCDD-fed MPla2g6−/− mice showed further exaggeration of liver inflammation and fibrosis as well as elevation of plasma TNFα, CCL2, and circulating monocytes. Bone-marrow-derived macrophages (BMDMs) from MPla2g6−/− mice displayed upregulation of PPARγ and CEBPα proteins, and elevated release of IL6 and CXCL1 under LPS stimulation. LPS-stimulated BMDMs from MCDD-fed MPla2g6−/− mice showed suppressed expression of M1 Tnfa and Il6, but marked upregulation of M2 Arg1, Chil3, IL10, and IL13 as well as chemokine receptors Ccr2 and Ccr5. This in vitro shift was associated with exaggeration of hepatic M1/M2 cytokines, chemokines/chemokine receptors, and fibrosis genes. Contrarily, MCDD-fed LPla2g6−/− mice showed a complete protection which was associated with upregulation of Ppara/PPARα and attenuated expression of Pparg/PPARγ, fatty-acid uptake, triglyceride synthesis, and de novo lipogenesis genes. Interestingly, LPla2g6−/− mice fed with chow or MCDD displayed an attenuation of blood monocytes and elevation of anti-inflammatory lipoxin A4 in plasma and liver. Thus, PLA2G6 inactivation specifically in myeloid cells and hepatocytes led to opposing phenotypes in female mice undergoing NASH. Hepatocyte-specific PLA2G6 inhibitors may be further developed for treatment of this disease. © 2022 The Authors
The Visceral Adiposity Index (VAI) and Lipid Accumulation Product (LAP) Are Predictors of Insulin Resistance and Hyperandrogenaemia in Obesity/Overweight Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Objective. Hyperandrogenaemia and insulin resistance (IR) are the main characteristics of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Here, we study to find appropriate markers predicting IR and hyperandrogenaemia of women with PCOS in northwest China. Methods. According to body mass index (BMI), 953 patients with PCOS were divided into two groups. All the patients underwent physical examination and ultrasonography and collected elbow vein blood. Their BMI, waist-to-height ratio (WHtR), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), LAP, VAI, homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and free androgen index (FAI) were calculated. Each group (normal weight and obesity/overweight) was further divided into two subgroups according to their HOMA-IR and FAI: the IR+ subgroup/IR- subgroup and FAI+ subgroup/FAI- subgroup. Furthermore, we compared the clinical indices, hormone levels, and metabolic makers separately between these groups. The correlations between these parameters and HOMA-IR or FAI were tested; sensitivity, specificity, and receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curves were calculated. Results. In the obesity/overweight group, the VAI (best cut-off value: 2.27, area under the curve AUC=0.699) and LAP (best cut-off value: 45.54, AUC=0.680) were sensitive predictors of IR (sensitivity=72% and sensitivity=67%). Additionally, the VAI (best cut-off value: 2.13, AUC=0.624) and LAP (best cut-off value: 51.18, AUC=0.582) were sensitive predictors of FAI (sensitivity=87% and sensitivity=64%). In the normal weight group, BMI could preferably predict HOMA-IR (AUC=0.717, best cut-off value: 21.62) and HOMA-IR could preferably predict FAI (best cut-off value: 2.11, AUC=0.648). Conclusion. Our data indicated that the VAI and LAP may contribute to the early identification of IR and hyperandrogenaemia in the obesity/overweight patients of PCOS. In normal weight PCOS, BMI was a better predictor to IR, and HOWA-IR was a better predictor to FAI.  © 2023 Haiyan Wang et al.
Caffeic Acid and Diseases—Mechanisms of Action; Caffeic acid belongs to the polyphenol compounds we consume daily, often in the form of coffee. Even though it is less explored than caffeic acid phenethyl ester, it still has many positive effects on human health. Caffeic acid can affect cancer, diabetes, atherosclerosis, Alzheimer’s disease, or bacterial and viral infections. This review focuses on the molecular mechanisms of how caffeic acid achieves its effects. © 2022 by the author.
The therapeutic impact of garlic (Allium Sativum) on oxidative stress markers among polycystic ovary syndrome patients: A randomized, double-blinded clinical trial; Background: The present study aimed to investigate the effect of garlic supplementation on oxidative stress markers in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: Eighty patients with PCOS were randomized and instructed to consume either garlic supplementation (800 mg/day) or a placebo (starch) for 8 weeks. They were also asked to avoid intake of any other supplement during the study. Oxidative stress-related markers including total antioxidant capacity, catalase, glutathione, malondialdehyde concentrations, and anthropometric measures were assessed at baseline and end of the trial. Results: Garlic supplementation resulted in significant improvement in catalase concentration (1.82 ± 9.28 vs.-1.55 ± 8.66; P value: 0.03), glutathione levels (29.15 ± 57.53 vs. 2.42 ± 77.51; P value: 0.048) as well as weight (-0.64 ± 1.94 vs. 0.11 ± 0.82; P value: 0.04), body mass index (BMI;-0.25 ± 0.75 vs. 0.05 ± 0.61; P value: 0.04), and waist circumference (-0.21 ± 0.77 vs. 0.02 ± 0.65; P value: 0.01). However, we failed to detect any significant change in hip circumference, waist to hip circumference ratio, total antioxidant capacity, and malondialdehyde levels between the two groups. Conclusions: The present study indicates that garlic supplementation could be beneficial in improving oxidative stress and weight loss among PCOS women. © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
The role of IL-31 and IL-34 in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic periodontitis; This study was devoted to demonstrating the role of IL-31 and IL-34 in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic periodontitis (CP). From the results, we found that the IL-31 and IL-34 levels were significantly increased in GCF and serum of CP patients compared with healthy controls or obese patients. Meanwhile, the area under the curve results further verified the diagnostic potential of IL-31 and IL-34 in terms of discriminating CP from obese patients at the GCF and serum levels. Finally, after 1 year of continuous treatment, we found that IL-31 and IL-34 levels were decreased in CP, suggesting their potential as biomarkers in CP treatment response. Monitoring GCF and serum levels of IL-31 and IL-34 contributed to CP detection and treatment response.  © 2023 the author(s), published by De Gruyter.
Relationship Between Maternal Serum Cortisol and Maternal Insulin Resistance and Fetal Ultrasound Characteristics in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Cortisol is proven to play a crucial role in hyperglycemia and fetal development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This research aims to investigate the relationship between maternal serum cortisol and insulin resistance indices and fetal ultrasound characteristics in women with GDM. Methods: A cross-sectional and descriptive study on 144 GDM in Vietnam from January 2015 to December 2020. Serum cortisol was measured using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay at 8 a.m. on the examination day in the vicinity of the 24th gestational week. Fetal ultrasound was performed by an experienced person who was blind to the study. Results: The mean cortisol level in the GDM group was 627.04 nmol/L. Serum cortisol levels positively correlated with abdominal circumference (AC), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin, triglycerides, HOMA2-IR, and Mathew indices (with r of 0.18, 0.22, 0.18, 0.17, 0.18, and 0.22, respectively). Serum cortisol levels negatively correlated with QUICKI and McAuley indices (with r of −0.19 and −0.21), respectively. In a univariate linear regression, maternal serum cortisol positively correlated with fetal AC, head circumference (HC), and biparietal diameter (BPD) (with r of 0.21; 0.23; and 0.25, respectively). In a multivariate linear regression analysis, cortisol positively correlated with fetal AC, HC, and BPD after adjusting to maternal McAuley index. Conclusion: Serum cortisol levels in GDM correlated with fasting blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin resistance. Besides, serum cortisol levels in GDM positively correlated with fetal development. © 2023, Dove Medical Press Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terpenoids: Natural Compounds for Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) Therapy; Natural products have been the most productive source for the development of drugs. Terpenoids are a class of natural active products with a wide range of pharmacological activities and therapeutic effects, which can be used to treat a variety of diseases. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a common metabolic disorder worldwide, results in a health burden and economic problems. A literature search was conducted to obtain information relevant to the treatment of NAFLD with terpenoids using electronic databases, namely PubMed, Web of Science, Science Direct, and Springer, for the period 2011–2021. In total, we found 43 terpenoids used in the treatment of NAFLD. Over a dozen terpenoid compounds of natural origin were classified into five categories according to their structure: monoterpenoids, sesquiterpenoids, diterpenoids, triterpenoids, and tetraterpenoids. We found that terpenoids play a therapeutic role in NAFLD, mainly by regulating lipid metabolism disorder, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and inflammation. The AMPK, PPARs, Nrf-2, and SIRT 1 pathways are the main targets for terpenoid treatment. Terpenoids are promising drugs and will potentially create more opportunities for the treatment of NAFLD. However, current studies are restricted to animal and cell experiments, with a lack of clinical research and systematic structure–activity relationship (SAR) studies. In the future, we should further enrich the research on the mechanism of terpenoids, and carry out SAR studies and clinical research, which will increase the likelihood of breakthrough insights in the field. © 2022 by the authors.
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances and Outcomes Related to Metabolic Syndrome: A Review of the Literature and Current Recommendations for Clinicians; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are a class of toxic, ubiquitous, anthropogenic chemicals known to bioaccumulate in humans. Substantial concern exists regarding the human health effects of PFAS, particularly metabolic syndrome (MetS), a precursor to cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of mortality worldwide. This narrative review provides an overview of the PFAS literature on 4 specific components of MetS: insulin resistance/glucose dysregulation, central adiposity, dyslipidemia, and blood pressure. We focus on prospective cohort studies as these provide the best body of evidence compared to other study designs. Available evidence suggests potential associations between some PFAS and type-2 diabetes in adults, dyslipidemia in children and adults, and blood pressure in adults. Additionally, some studies found that sex and physical activity may modify these relationships. Future studies should consider modification by sex and lifestyle factors (e.g., diet and physical activity), as well quantifying the impact of PFAS mixtures on MetS features and related clinical disease. Finally, clinicians can follow recently developed clinical guidance to screen for PFAS exposure in patients, measure PFAS levels, conduct additional clinical care based on PFAS levels, and advise on PFAS exposure reduction. © Copyright 2023 The Author(s).
Astragaloside IV improves renal function and alleviates renal damage and inflammation in rats with chronic glomerulonephritis; From Astragalus membranaceus (Fisch.) Bge.var. mongholicus (Bge.) Hsiao, astragaloside IV (AS-IV), a saponin can be purified and is considered traditional Chinese medicine. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the AS-IV-mediated mechanism on chronic glomerulonephritis (CGN). A cationic bovine serum albumin-induced CGN rat model was established and 10, 15, or 20 mg/ kg of AS-IV was administered to measure renal function and inflammatory infiltration. Influences of AS-IV on proliferation, cell cycle, and inflammation of LPS-induced rat mesangial cells (RMCs) were determined. The results demonstrated that AS-IV alleviated renal dysfunction, renal lesions, and inflammation in CGN rats. AS-IV prolonged the G0-G1 phase, shortened the S phase, and inhibited cell proliferation and inflammation in RMCs. AS-IV can promote miR-181d-5p expression to inhibit CSF1. miR-181d-5p promotion or CSF1 suppression could further enhance the therapeutic role of AS-IV in CGN rats, while miR-181d-5p silencing or CSF1 overexpression abolished the effect of AS-IV. In conclusion, AS-IV by mediating the miR-181d-5p/CSF1 axis protects against CGN. © TÜBİTAK.
Clinical Application of Metformin Use in Anhui Province, China: A Cross-Sectional Study; Purpose: Given the importance of metformin, reasonable utilization is essential. We designed a cross-sectional survey on physicians’ attitude and clinical application of metformin in Anhui Province, China. Methods: The survey was distributed via an electronic questionnaire among endocrinologists and general practitioners. Seven representative questions were used to evaluate professional levels. Results: Among the 477 valid responses, 72.75% of the respondents preferred to prescribe metformin extended-release, while only 34.38% of them would prescribe metformin extended-release at the correct frequency. More than half of the respondents thought that estimated glomerular filtration rate ˂ 45 mL/min/1.73 m² should be the contraindication of metformin prescription. Less than 10% of the physicians selected correct responses for two questions regarding metformin usage and contrast agent. Physicians with higher levels of hospital grades, education background and professional titles as well as working in general hospitals and in the Department of Endocrinology achieved high scores (P˂0.05). Logistic regression showed that department was an independent predictor for high scores. Conclusion: Physicians, especially non-endocrinologists, are not at a professional level for prescribing metformin. Physicians should be highly vigilant in terms of standardized prescription for metformin. The guidelines or consensuses about diabetes care for physicians should be promoted. © 2023 Chen et al.
The Periparturient Gut Microbiota’s Modifications in Shaziling Sows concerning Bile Acids; Shaziling pigs, as a native Chinese breed, have been classified as a fatty liver model. As the core of the whole pig farm, the sow’s organism health is especially important, especially in the perinatal period; however, there are few reports on the perinatal intestinal microbiology and bile acid metabolism of Shaziling pig sows. The purpose of this research was to investigate the alterations in bile acids and gut microbiota of sows that occur throughout the perinatal period. Forty-two sows were selected for their uniformity of body conditions and were given the same diet. Fecal samples were collected for 16srDNA sequencing and bile acid targeted metabolome detection in four stages (3 days before delivery, 3 days after delivery, 7 days after delivery and 21 days after delivery). As revealed by the results, there were statistically significant variations in bile acids among the four stages, with the concentration of bile acids identified by SZL-4 being substantially greater than that of the other three groups (p < 0.05). When compared to the other three groups (p < 0.05), SZL-2 had considerably lower Shannon, Simpson and Chao 1 indices, and exhibited a statistically significant difference in β-diversity. SZL-2 samples included a greater proportion of Proteobacteria than SZL-3 and SZL-4 samples; however, SZL-2 samples contained a smaller proportion of spirochetes than SZL-3 and SZL-4 samples. To a large extent, lactic acid bacteria predominated in the SZL-2 samples. The LEfSe analysis showed that the relative abundances of Lachnospiraceae_XPB1014_group, Christensenellaceae_R_7_group, Clostridium, Collinsella, Turicibacter, and Mollicutes_RF39_unclassified were the main differential bacteria in the SZL-1 swine fecal samples and the Eubacterium__coprostanoligenes_group in sow fecal samples from SZL-2. The relative abundance of Bacteroides, UBA1819, Enterococcus, Erysipelatoclostridium, and Butyricimonas in SZL-3 and SZL-4 Streptococcus, Coriobacteriaceae_unclassified, Prevotellaceae_UCG_001, Streptomyces, and Ochrobactrum in SZL-3. g_Collinsella was significantly and positively correlated with vast majority bile acids, and the g_Lachnospiraceae_XPB1014_group with GCDCA and GHDCA into positive correlations. Simultaneously, g_Streptococcus, g_Bacteroides, and g_UBA1819 inversely correlated with bile acid, accounting for the great bulk of the difference. In conclusion, there is an evident correlation between bile acids and gut microbiota in the perinatal period of Shaziling sows. Additionally, the discovery of distinct bacteria associated to lipid metabolism gives a reference for ameliorating perinatal body lipid metabolism disorder of sows through gut microbiota. © 2023 by the authors.
ANALYSIS OF FATTY ACID POOL ASSOCIATIONS, BIOCHEMICAL PARAMETERS AND BODY COMPOSITION IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH DIFFERENT BODY WEIGHTS; Obesity has reached its alarming levels among children and adolescents recently. The study of plasma fatty acid (FA) composition and its connection to the other parameters that are closely related to obesity and cardiometabolic profile with the purpose of searching for the new predictive markers of metabolic disorders is a promising direction for the researchers. The purpose of this research was to study the relationship between the levels of FA, biochemical markers of metabolic disorders and body composition in adolescents with different body weights (BW). Materials and methods: cross-sectional single-center comparative study in parallel groups was held in May to September 2022; the adolescents aged 10 to 15 y/o were divided into two groups as follows. The main group consisted of 17 adolescents: 9 (53%) boys and 8 (47%) girls, the median age was 14.1 y/o [10.9; 15.8], with overweight and exogenously constitutional obesity of varying degrees. The control group of 10 healthy adolescents: 5 (50%) boys and 5 (50%) girls, median age 15.2 years [11.3; 15.9]. The groups did not differ statistically significantly in terms of age/gender. Anthropometric assessment included the measuring of height, waist and hip circumferences with an accuracy of 0.1 cm, BW with an accuracy of 0.1 kg without shoes and outerwear on the scales. The body mass index (BMI) measurements to standard deviation scores (SDS) were calculated with the WHO AnthroPlus software. All of the patients have also undergone the body composition study with a qualitative and quantitative assessment of adipose and muscle tissue using the InBody 770 analyzer. Results: in obese adolescents, the levels of all FA from the studied panel, except for linoleic, dihomo-γ-linolenic (p=0.033), docosatetraenoic (p=0.032), clupanodonic (p=0.003) acids and cholesterol oleate (p<0.001) were statistically significantly higher compared to the control group. The area of visceral fat was positively correlated with the level of gadoleic acid (r=0.810, p=0.027), the level of behenic acid showed positive statistically significant correlation with such indicators as lean body mass index (r=0.786, p=0.036) and total body phase angle (r=0.877, p=0.004). The level of highdensity lipoprotein (HDL) had a positive statistically significant correlation with stearic (r=0.625, p=0.007), oleic (r=0.483, p=0.050), arachidic (r=0.626, p=0.007), docosatetraenoic (r=0.726, p=0.001), lignoceric (r=0.527, p=0.030), docosahexaenoic (r=0.556, p=0.020), nervonic (r=0.800, p=0.00), tetracosadiene (r=0.606, p=0.010) acids, cholesterol palmitate (r=0.487, p=0.048) and Cholesta-4,6-dien-3-ol, (3ß)–(r=0.572, p=0.016). Positive statistically significant correlations were noted between the levels of triacylglycerides (TAG) and stearic (r=0.577, p=0.015), arachidic (r=0.580, p=0.015), docosatetraenoic (r=0.650, p=0.005), lignoceric (r=0.506, p=0.038), nerve (r=0.750, p=0.001), tetracosadiene (r=0.521, p=0.032), cholesterol palmitate (r=0.506, p=0.038), Cholesta-4,6-dien-3-ol, (3ß)–(r=0.652, p=0.005) acids. A statistically significant correlation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels in blood serum was found only with ß-linolenic acid (r=0.497, p=0.042). There were no statistically significant correlations between the levels of FA and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). The level of glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) showed negative statistically significant correlations with oleic (r=–0.524, p=0.031), arachidic (r=–0.588, p=0.013), arachidonic (r=–0.532, p=0.028) acids, cholesterol palmitate (r=–0.555, p=0.021), cholesterol linoleate (r=–0.514, p=0.035). The level of irisin showed negative statistically significant correlations with stearic (r=–0.563, p=0.019), arachidonic (r=–0.493, p=0.044), docosatetraenoic (r=–0.600, p=0.011), lignoceric (r=–0.630, p=0.007), nervonic (r=–0.597, p=0.011), tetracosadienoic (r=–0.499, p=0.041) acids. Also, negative statistically significant correlations were found between the level of resistin and pentadecanoic (r=–0.529, p=0.029), palmitic (r=–0.515, p=0.035), palmitoleic (r=–0.634, p=0.006), margarine (r=–0.614, p=0.009), stearic (r=–0.508, p=0.037), oleic (r=–0.576, p=0.016), vaccenic (r=–0.643, p=0.005), linoleic (r=–0.539 , p=0.026), arachidic (r=–0.506, p=0.038), gadoleic (r=–0.487, p=0.047), arachidonic (r=–0.546, p=0.023), behenic (r=–0.655, p =0.004), lignoceric (r=–0.561, p=0.019) acids, cholesterol palmitate (r=–0.643, p=0.005). Conclusion: The results obtained confirm the existence of a relationship between biochemical markers, FA levels, and the body composition, which allow considering them all as potential parameters for early predictive diagnosis of metabolic disorders. © 2023, Pediatria Ltd.. All rights reserved.
RANKL Is Independently Associated with Increased Risks of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Chinese Women with PCOS: A Cross-Sectional Study; Women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) are more likely to have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) than non-PCOS women; however, the exact mechanism underlying this trend is unknown. The receptor activator of NF-κB ligand (RANKL) is strongly involved in bone metabolism and has multiple functions. Recent studies suggest that RANKL is implicated in hepatic insulin resistance (IR), which is the highest risk factor for NAFLD. This study aimed to assess the role of RANKL in NAFLD in Chinese women with PCOS. A cross-sectional observational study was conducted on women newly diagnosed with PCOS, which included 146 patients with NAFLD and 142 patients without NAFLD. Sex hormones, glucose, insulin, and lipids were measured, and anthropometric data were collected. The concentration of serum total RANKL was measured using commercial ELISA kits. PCOS patients with NAFLD had a significantly higher mean age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and worsened metabolic profile than non-NAFLD subjects. The concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased with the RANKL tertile (p for trend = 0.023, 0.026, and 0.035, respectively). A significantly positive association was found between RANKL (per SD change) and the risks of NAFLD (OR = 1.545, 95% CI = 1.086–2.199) after adjusting for confounders, including demographic factors, metabolic markers, and sex hormones. Subgroup multivariate logistic analyses stratified by age, BMI, and WC showed the same tendency. In addition, the positive association between RANKL and NAFLD seemed more prominent in lean patients with a BMI < 24 kg/m2 (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.06–2.75) when compared to overweight/obesity subjects. Therefore, this study suggests that RANKL is positively associated with the increased risk of NAFLD in Chinese women with PCOS, independent of metabolic and reproductive factors. © 2023 by the authors.
Dendrobium mixture ameliorates type 2 diabetes mellitus with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through PPAR gamma: An integrated study of bioinformatics analysis and experimental verification; Dendrobium mixture (DM) is a patented Chinese herbal medicine indicated which has anti-inflammatory and improved glycolipid metabolism. However, its active ingredients, targets of action, and potential mechanisms are still uncertain. Here, we investigate the role of DM as a prospective modulator of protection against non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) induced by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and illustrate the molecular mechanisms potentially involved. The network pharmacology and TMT-based quantitative protomics analysis were conducted to identify potential gene targets of the active ingredients in DM against NAFLD and T2DM. DM was administered to the mice of DM group for 4 weeks, and db/m mice (control group) and db/db mice (model group) were gavaged by normal saline. DM was also given to Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats, and the serum was subjected to the palmitic acid-induced HepG2 cells with abnormal lipid metabolism. The mechanism of DM protection against T2DM-NAFLD is to improve liver function and pathological morphology by promoting peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) activation, lowering blood glucose, improving insulin resistance (IR), and reducing inflammatory factors. In db/db mice, DM reduced RBG, body weight, and serum lipids levels, and significantly alleviated histological damage of liver steatosis and inflammation. It upregulated the PPARγ corresponding to the prediction from the bioinformatics analysis. DM significantly reduced inflammation by activating PPARγ in both db/db mice and palmitic acid-induced HepG2 cells. Copyright © 2023 Zhuang, Zhang, Lin, Wang, Yu and Shi.
A Comprehensive Review on Bio-Based Materials for Chronic Diabetic Wounds; Globally, millions of people suffer from poor wound healing, which is associated with higher mortality rates and higher healthcare costs. There are several factors that can complicate the healing process of wounds, including inadequate conditions for cell migration, proliferation, and angiogenesis, microbial infections, and prolonged inflammatory responses. Current therapeutic methods have not yet been able to resolve several primary problems; therefore, their effectiveness is limited. As a result of their remarkable properties, bio-based materials have been demonstrated to have a significant impact on wound healing in recent years. In the wound microenvironment, bio-based materials can stimulate numerous cellular and molecular processes that may enhance healing by inhibiting the growth of pathogens, preventing inflammation, and stimulating angiogenesis, potentially converting a non-healing environment to an appropriately healing one. The aim of this present review article is to provide an overview of the mechanisms underlying wound healing and its pathophysiology. The development of bio-based nanomaterials for chronic diabetic wounds as well as novel methodologies for stimulating wound healing mechanisms are also discussed. © 2023 by the authors.
Zingiber officinale Roscoe: A comprehensive review of clinical properties; Zingiber officinale Roscoe, commonly known as ginger, is widely used as a spice or a folk medicine. Such a plant has been incuriously focused on by publishing extensive papers and reviews, which were devoted to understanding such materials and their multiple applications. Following the same topic, this review overlaps the last years’ studies. At present, Zingiber officinale has many clinical trials. This update about ginger can help researchers to learn more about the clinical secrets of this plant. © 2022
Research progress of gut microbiota and obesity caused by high-fat diet; Obesity, a chronic metabolic disorder caused by an energy imbalance, has been increasingly prevalent and poses a global health concern. The multifactorial etiology of obesity includes genetics factors, high-fat diet, gut microbiota, and other factors. Among these factors, the implication of gut microbiota in the pathogenesis of obesity has been prominently acknowledged. This study endeavors to investigate the potential contribution of gut microbiota to the development of high-fat diet induced obesity, as well as the current state of probiotic intervention therapy research, in order to provide novel insights for the prevention and management of obesity. Copyright © 2023 Fan, Chen and Lin.
Dietary flavonoids prevent diabetes through epigenetic regulation: advance and challenge; The pathophysiology of diabetes has been studied extensively in various countries, but effective prevention and treatment methods are still insufficient. In recent years, epigenetics has received increasing attention from researchers in exploring the etiology and treatment of diabetes. DNA methylation, histone modifications, and non-coding RNAs play critical roles in the occurrence, maintenance, and progression of diabetes and its complications. Therefore, preventing or reversing the epigenetic alterations that occur during the development of diabetes may reduce the individual and societal burden of the disease. Dietary flavonoids serve as natural epigenetic modulators for the discovery of biomarkers for diabetes prevention and the development of alternative therapies. However, there is limited knowledge about the potential beneficial effects of flavonoids on the epigenetics of diabetes. In this review, the multidimensional epigenetic effects of different flavonoid subtypes in diabetes were summarized. Furthermore, it was discussed that parental flavonoid diets might reduce diabetes incidence in offspring, which represent a promising opportunity to prevent diabetes in the future. Future work will depend on exploring anti-diabetic effects of different flavonoids with different epigenetic regulation mechanisms and clinical trials. Highlights •“Epigenetic therapy” could reduce the burden of diabetic patients •“Epigenetic diet” ameliorates diabetes •Targeting epigenetic regulations by dietary flavonoids in the diabetes prevention •Dietary flavonoids prevent diabetes via transgenerational epigenetic inheritance. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The pre-pregnancy fasting blood glucose, glycated hemoglobin and lipid profiles as blood biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from a multigenerational cohort study; Background: Early prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is important to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and post-pregnancy cardiometabolic risk in women and offspring over the life course. This study aimed to investigate some blood biomarkers before pregnancy as GDM predictors. Methods: We investigated the prospective association of blood biomarkers before pregnancy and GDM risk among women from the Mater-University of Queensland Study of Pregnancy (MUSP) cohort. A multiple logistic regression model was applied to estimate the odds of experiencing GDM by blood biomarkers. Results: Out of 525 women included in this study, the prevalence of GDM was 7.43%. There was an increased risk of experiencing GDM among women who experienced obesity (Odds ratio = OR 2.4; 95% confidence interval = CI 1.6–3.7), had high fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.2; 95% CI = 1.3–3.8), high insulin (OR = 1.1; 95% CI = 1.0–1.2), high insulin resistance (OR = 1.2; 95% CI = 1.0–1.3) and low high-density lipoprotein (OR = 0.2; 95% CI = 0.1–0.7) before pregnancy. Adjustment for potential confounders, such as age, marital status, and BMI did not attenuate these associations substantially. Conclusion: The pre-pregnancy fasting blood glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance were independent predictors of GDM. They may be used as early markers for predicting the incidence of GDM. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Adipokines from white adipose tissue in regulation of whole body energy homeostasis; Diseases originating from altered energy homeostasis including obesity, and type 2 diabetes are rapidly increasing worldwide. Research in the last few decades on animal models and humans demonstrates that the white adipose tissue (WAT) is critical for energy balance and more than just an energy storage site. WAT orchestrates the whole-body metabolism through inter-organ crosstalk primarily mediated by cytokines named “Adipokines”. The adipokines influence metabolism and fuel selection of the skeletal muscle and liver thereby fine-tuning the load on WAT itself in physiological conditions like starvation, exercise and cold. In addition, adipokine secretion is influenced by various pathological conditions like obesity, inflammation and diabetes. In this review, we have surveyed the current state of knowledge on important adipokines and their significance in regulating energy balance and metabolic diseases. Furthermore, we have summarized the interplay of pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory adipokines in the modulation of pathological conditions. © 2022 Elsevier B.V. and Société Française de Biochimie et Biologie Moléculaire (SFBBM)
Bioinformatics Analysis of Next Generation Sequencing Data Identifies Molecular Biomarkers Associated With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the most common metabolic disorder. The aim of the present investigation was to identify gene signature specific to T2DM. Methods: The next generation sequencing (NGS) dataset GSE81608 was retrieved from the gene expression omnibus (GEO) database and analyzed to identify the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) between T2DM and normal controls. Then, Gene Ontology (GO) and pathway enrichment analysis, protein-protein interaction (PPI) network, modules, miRNA (micro RNA)-hub gene regulatory network construction and TF (transcription factor)-hub gene regulatory network construction, and topological analysis were performed. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis was also performed to verify the prognostic value of hub genes. Results: A total of 927 DEGs (461 were up regulated and 466 down regulated genes) were identified in T2DM. GO and REACTOME results showed that DEGs mainly enriched in protein metabolic process, establishment of localization, metabolism of proteins, and metabolism. The top centrality hub genes APP, MYH9, TCTN2, USP7, SYNPO, GRB2, HSP90AB1, UBC, HSPA5, and SQSTM1 were screened out as the critical genes. ROC analysis provides prognostic value of hub genes. Conclusion: The potential crucial genes, especially APP, MYH9, TCTN2, USP7, SYNPO, GRB2, HSP90AB1, UBC, HSPA5, and SQSTM1, might be linked with risk of T2DM. Our study provided novel insights of T2DM into genetics, molecular pathogenesis, and novel therapeutic targets. © The Author(s) 2023.
The reversed De Ritis ratio for predicting in-hospital mortality among intensive care patients with organophosphate poisoning; Introduction: The uncontrolled use of pesticides signifies a substantial health hazard. This study was designed to explore the prognostic role of on-admission hepatic aminotransferases [alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and the reversed De Ritis ratio (ALT/AST)] in the prediction of in-hospital mortality among patients with acute organophosphate (OP) poisoning. Patients and methods: We conducted a retrospective study based on extracting the required information from the specific medical records for acutely OP-intoxicated patients admitted to the intensive care unit. Results: A total of 49 acutely malathion-intoxicated patients were enrolled in the study. The in-hospital mortality rate was 32.7%. Patients were stratified into survivors and non-survivors. Compared to the survivors, the non-survivors had significantly lower Glasgow coma scale scores, mean arterial blood pressure, significantly higher reversed De Ritis ratio (ALT/AST), and ALT and AST activities. The reversed De Ritis ratio (ALT/AST) and ALT demonstrated good discrimination between the survivors and the non-survivors with an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.708 vs 0.781, respectively, however, AST showed satisfactory discrimination, AUC of 0.694. Conclusion: Hepatic aminotransferases are useful in predicting in-hospital mortality in acute OP poisoning. ALT is the most specific biomarker. However, the reversed De Ritis ratio (ALT/AST) is the most sensitive one. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Fatty liver disease in children (MAFLD/PeFLD Type 2): unique classification considerations and challenges; In children, fatty liver disease is a group of disorders that often overlaps with inherited metabolic disorders (IMDs), which requires prompt diagnosis and specific management. Metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) or, formerly, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic component of a multisystemic disease that requires a positive criteria in metabolic dysfunction for diagnosis. However, in children, the diagnosis of MAFLD is one of the exclusions of an IMD [paediatric fatty liver disease (PeFLD) type 1] including the possibility that an IMD can be identified in the future following investigations that may be negative at the time. Therefore, while children with fatty liver with metabolic dysfunction could be classified as MAFLD (PeFLD type 2) and managed that way, those who do not fulfil the criteria for metabolic dysfunction should be considered separately bearing in mind the possibility of identifying a yet undiagnosed IMD (PeFLD type 3). This concept is ever more important in a world where MAFLD is the most common cause of liver disease in children and adolescents in whom about 7% are affected. The disease is only partially understood, and awareness is still lacking outside hepatology and gastroenterology. Despite its increasing pervasiveness, the management is far from a one-size-fits-all. Increasing complexities around the genetic, epigenetic, non-invasive modalities of assessment, psychosocial impacts, therapeutics, and natural history of the disease have meant that an individualised approach is required. This is where the challenge lies so that children with fatty liver are considered on their own merits. The purpose of this review is to give a clinical perspective of fatty liver disease in children with relevance to metabolic dysfunction. © The Author(s), 2023.
A reappraisal of the role of cyclic AMP in the physiological action of glucagon; Effects of the metabolic hormone glucagon can be physiological or supraphysiological, based on agonist concentration and the mediating cellular signal. The threshold concentration (TC) for activating the AC/cAMP signal pathway in liver is ≥ 100 pM. By contrast, mean plasma concentrations are around 20–45 pM, depending on the vascular bed. Accordingly, effects produced at TCs below 100 pM are physiological and mediated by cellular signal pathways other than AC/cAMP. Effects generated at concentrations above 100 pM are supraphysiological, often mediated by simultaneous activation of cAMP-independent and -dependent pathways. Physiological responses, and their established or implicated signal pathways, include stimulation of: glucose mobilization, fatty acid oxidation, and urea synthesis in liver (PLC/IP3/Ca2+/CaM); lipolysis in white and brown adipose tissue and oxygen consumption in brown adipose of the rat but not in humans (PLC/IP3/Ca2+/CaM); renal potassium and phosphate excretion in rodents and GFR in humans (signal undetermined); and glucose utilization in rat heart (PI3K/akt). Supraphysiological responses involve the AC/cAMP pathway and include: enhanced stimulation of glucose mobilization and stimulation of urea synthesis in liver; further stimulation of white and brown adipose lipolysis and thermogenesis in brown adipose tissue; stimulation of renal Cl- transport; and increased rat heart contractility. The AC/cAMP pathway is likely recruited when plasma glucagon rises above 100 pM during periods of elevated metabolic stress and systemic glucose demand, such as in the early neonate or strenuously exercising adult. The current cAMP-centered model should therefore be reconsidered and replaced with one that places more emphasis on cAMP-independent pathways. © 2022
Association of long-term air pollution exposure with the risk of prediabetes and diabetes: Systematic perspective from inflammatory mechanisms, glucose homeostasis pathway to preventive strategies; Background: Limited evidence suggests the association of air pollutants with a series of diabetic cascades including inflammatory pathways, glucose homeostasis disorder, and prediabetes and diabetes. Subclinical strategies for preventing such pollutants-induced effects remain unknown. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study in two typically air-polluted Chinese cities in 2018–2020. One-year average PM1, PM2.5, PM10, SO2, NO2, and O3 were calculated according to participants' residence. GAM multinomial logistic regression was performed to investigate the association of air pollutants with diabetes status. GAM and quantile g-computation were respectively performed to investigate individual and joint effects of air pollutants on glucose homeostasis markers (glucose, insulin, HbA1c, HOMA-IR, HOMA-B and HOMA-S). Complement C3 and hsCRP were analyzed as potential mediators. The ABCS criteria and hemoglobin glycation index (HGI) were examined for their potential in preventive strategy. Results: Long-term air pollutants exposure was associated with the risk of prediabetes [Prevalence ratio for O3 (PR_O3) = 1.96 (95% CI: 1.24, 3.03)] and diabetes [PR_PM1 = 1.18 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.32); PR_PM2.5 = 1.08 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.16); PR_O3 = 1.35 (95% CI: 1.03, 1.74)]. PM1, PM10, SO2 or O3 exposure was associated with glucose-homeostasis disorder. For example, O3 exposure was associated with increased levels of glucose [7.67% (95% CI: 1.75, 13.92)], insulin [19.98% (95% CI: 4.53, 37.72)], HOMA-IR [34.88% (95% CI: 13.81, 59.84)], and decreased levels of HOMA-S [-25.88% (95% CI: −37.46, −12.16)]. Complement C3 and hsCRP played mediating roles in these relationships with proportion mediated ranging from 6.95% to 60.64%. Participants with HGI ≤ −0.53 were protected from the adverse effects of air pollutants. Conclusion: Our study provides comprehensive insights into air pollutant–associated diabetic cascade and suggests subclinical preventive strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Isthmin—A Multifaceted Protein Family; Isthmin (ISM) is a secreted protein family with two members, namely ISM1 and ISM2, both containing a TSR1 domain followed by an AMOP domain. Its broad expression pattern suggests diverse functions in developmental and physiological processes. Over the past few years, multiple studies have focused on the functional analysis of the ISM protein family in several events, including angiogenesis, metabolism, organ homeostasis, immunity, craniofacial development, and cancer. Even though ISM was identified two decades ago, we are still short of understanding the roles of the ISM protein family in embryonic development and other pathological processes. To address the role of ISM, functional studies have begun but unresolved issues remain. To elucidate the regulatory mechanism of ISM, it is crucial to determine its interactions with other ligands and receptors that lead to the activation of downstream signalling pathways. This review provides a perspective on the gene organization and evolution of the ISM family, their links with developmental and physiological functions, and key questions for the future. © 2022 by the authors.
Two weeks of high glucose intake is enough to induce intestinal mucosal damage and disturb the balance of the gut microbiota of rats; High glucose plays a critical role in diabetes. However, the point when high glucose induces diabetes and the organ that triggers the initiation of diabetes remain to be elucidated. The aim of the present study was to clarify the damage induced on different organs of rats, when administered a 2-week infusion of dietary glucose. SD rats (12 weeks old) were randomly divided into normal diet, high glucose infusion (IHG) and oral high glucose (OHG) groups. The levels of fasting blood sugar, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α and interleukin (IL)-6 were assessed. Intestine, kidney and liver samples were collected for pathological examination. Feces were collected from the rats for gut microbiota assessment. The results indicated that short-term high glucose induced hyperglycemia that lasted for at least 2 weeks after cessation of high glucose intake. Short-term high glucose also clearly increased the serum levels of IL-6 and TNF-α, led to jejunum mucosa injury and obvious steatosis in hepatocytes, and disturbed the balance of the gut microbiota. OHG led to swelling and necrosis of individual intestinal villi. IHG led to the necrosis and disappearance of cells in the upper layer of the intestinal mucosa. The lesions were confined to the mucosa. A degree of glomerular cell swelling and apoptosis were also observed. Short-term high glucose intake induced lesions in the liver, kidney and intestine, disturbed the balance of the gut microbiota and may consequently induce diabetes complications. © 2023, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common liver disease in the paediatric age. The growing prevalence of NAFLD and its advanced phenotype, non-alcoholic steato-hepatitis (NASH), in children and adolescents parallels similar trends in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. This trend may have serious long-term implications, including hepatic and extra-hepatic mor-bidity and mortality, the latter being related mostly due to cardiovascular disease and malignancies. This narrative review, which included 236 articles, summarizes current evidence on paediatric NAFLD, including pathophysiology, risk factors, complications, prevention and treatment (existing and emerging). Early recognition of NAFLD followed by timely and adequate management seems to be important on an individual basis. A global “call to action” regarding paediatric NAFLD seems appropriate to mitigate the burden of this disease. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Targeting epigenetics in diabetic cardiomyopathy: Therapeutic potential of flavonoids; The pathophysiological mechanisms of diabetic cardiomyopathy have been extensively studied, but there is still a lack of effective prevention and treatment methods. The ability of flavonoids to protect the heart from diabetic cardiomyopathy has been extensively described. In recent years, epigenetics has received increasing attention from scholars in exploring the etiology and treatment of diabetes and its complications. DNA methylation, histone modifications and non-coding RNAs play key functions in the development, maintenance and progression of diabetic cardiomyopathy. Hence, prevention or reversal of the epigenetic alterations that have occurred during the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy may alleviate the personal and social burden of the disease. Flavonoids can be used as natural epigenetic modulators in alternative therapies for diabetic cardiomyopathy. In this review, we discuss the epigenetic effects of different flavonoid subtypes in diabetic cardiomyopathy and summarize the evidence from preclinical and clinical studies that already exist. However, limited research is available on the potential beneficial effects of flavonoids on the epigenetics of diabetic cardiomyopathy. In the future, clinical trials in which different flavonoids exert their antidiabetic and cardioprotective effects through various epigenetic mechanisms should be further explored. © 2022 The Authors
Aquaporins in Diabetes Insipidus; Disruption of water and electrolyte balance is frequently encountered in clinical medicine. Regulating water metabolism is critically important. Diabetes insipidus (DI) presented with excessive water loss from the kidney is a major disorder of water metabolism. To understanding the molecular and cellular mechanisms and pathophysiology of DI and rationales of clinical management of DI is important for both research and clinical practice. This chapter will first review various forms of DI focusing on central diabetes insipidus (CDI) and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI). This is followed by a discussion of regulatory mechanisms underlying CDI and NDI, with a focus on the regulatory axis of vasopressin, vasopressin receptor 2 (V2R) and the water channel molecule, aquaporin 2 (AQP2). The clinical manifestation, diagnosis, and management of various forms of DI will also be discussed with highlights of some of the latest therapeutic strategies that are developed from in vitro experiments and animal studies. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2023.
Lactobacillus paracasei N1115 attenuates obesity in high-fat diet-induced obese mice; Disruption of the microbial structure of intestinal bacteria due to a high-fat diet (HFD) is closely associated with metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes. Probiotics are known to modulate the gut microbiota; therefore, we demonstrated the capability of Lactobacillus paracasei N1115 (LC-N1115) to attenuate obesity. Four-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were fed a HFD for 12 weeks to induce obesity and were then randomized to supplemented placebo or LC-N1115 treatment group for another 12 weeks. LC-N1115 treatment reduced weight gain and liver fat accumulation as well as triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The administration of LC-N1115 suppressed the expression of fatty acid synthase, interleukin-1 β, and toll-like receptor 4. Notably, the operational taxonomic units that negatively and positively correlated with the obesity phenotypes were enriched and reduced, respectively, in the LC-N1115 treatment group. These results indicate that LC-N1115 attenuates obesity by modulating the gut microbiota and the expression of lipid synthesis and proinflammatory cytokine genes. © 2022 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Evaluation of Expression of Cytochrome P450 Aromatase and Inflammatory, Oxidative, and Apoptotic Markers in Testicular Tissue of Obese Rats (Pre)Treated with Garlic Powder; Today, adolescent obesity is recognized as an epidemic and a cause of reproductive disorders. Decreased testosterone levels occur due to functional defects in the hypothalamus-pituitary axis, excessive activity of cytochrome P450 aromatase enzyme, and testicular dysfunction in these people. Oxidative damage, inflammation, and apoptosis are also the main mechanisms of testicular damage during obesity. The use of herbal products such as garlic can improve this disorder due to its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. Therefore, the aim of this study is to investigate the effect of pretreatment and treatment of garlic powder on the expression of cytochrome P450 aromatase enzyme and the expression of genes involved in testosterone synthesis, inflammation, oxidative damage, apoptosis in testicular tissue, and metabolic function of liver tissue in young male obese rats. Eighty male Wistar rats were divided into the controlled and treated groups. Serum levels of lipid, glucose, and insulin as metabolic factors were measured along with the testicular antioxidant and inflammation markers. The expression of Bcl2, Bax, and caspase-3 along with NF-B, SREBP-1c, CPT-1beta, Nrf-2, CD36, FAS, CYP19A1, P450scc, StAR, 17βHSD, PPARα, and aromatase (CYP19, P450arom) was also measured. Testicular histological evaluation and spermatogenic process was also performed. The results showed that oxidative, inflammatory, and metabolic factors significantly increased in obese rats. The testicular expression of aromatase, NF-B, Bax, and caspase 3 increased and Nrf2 expression decreased in obese rats, while (pre) treatment with garlic powder significantly decreased the expression of these genes in obese rats. These results were also confirmed by the findings of the histological evaluation and sperm analysis. It can be concluded that garlic powder could improve reproductive dysfunction in obese rats.  © 2023 Baicheng Li et al.
Exercise sustains the hallmarks of health; Exercise has long been known for its active role in improving physical fitness and sustaining health. Regular moderate-intensity exercise improves all aspects of human health and is widely accepted as a preventative and therapeutic strategy for various diseases. It is well-documented that exercise maintains and restores homeostasis at the organismal, tissue, cellular, and molecular levels to stimulate positive physiological adaptations that consequently protect against various pathological conditions. Here we mainly summarize how moderate-intensity exercise affects the major hallmarks of health, including the integrity of barriers, containment of local perturbations, recycling and turnover, integration of circuitries, rhythmic oscillations, homeostatic resilience, hormetic regulation, as well as repair and regeneration. Furthermore, we summarize the current understanding of the mechanisms responsible for beneficial adaptations in response to exercise. This review aimed at providing a comprehensive summary of the vital biological mechanisms through which moderate-intensity exercise maintains health and opens a window for its application in other health interventions. We hope that continuing investigation in this field will further increase our understanding of the processes involved in the positive role of moderate-intensity exercise and thus get us closer to the identification of new therapeutics that improve quality of life. © 2022
Dietary Plant Extracts in Improving Skeletal Muscle Development and Metabolic Function; Skeletal muscle is a critical tissue for physiological activity and energy utilization, and its insulin resistance is indispensable for the development of Type 2 diabetes. Dietary intervention has become one of efficient methods for enhancing metabolic health of skeletal muscle. Plant extracts from fruits, tea, vegetables, and Chinese herbal medicine, have been demonstrated to enhance myogenesis, reduce muscle atrophy, and improve muscle oxidative functions. In this review, the current knowledge about plant extracts and their application in the management of skeletal muscle development and metabolic function are discussed. The possible underlying mechanisms are also described. Based on existing literature, dietary plant extract supplementation is a promising method of maintaining skeletal muscle mass and alleviating muscle-related metabolic diseases. © 2022 Taylor & Francis.
Novel Role of the SIRT1 in Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases; Silent information regulator 1 (SIRT1), a highly conserved NAD+-dependent deacetylase, is a cellular regulator that has received extensive attention in recent years and regarded as a sensor of cellular energy and metabolism. The accumulated evidence suggests that SIRT1 is involved in the development of endocrine and metabolic diseases. In a variety of organisms, SIRT1 regulates gene expression through the deacetylation of histone, transcription factors, and lysine residues of other modified proteins including several metabolic and endocrine signal transcription factors, thereby enhancing the therapeutic effects of endocrine and metabolic diseases. These evidences indicate that targeting SIRT1 has promising applications in the treatment of endocrine and metabolic diseases. This review focuses on the role of SIRT1 in endocrine and metabolic diseases. First, we describe the background and structure of SIRT1. Then, we outline the role of SIRT1 in endocrine and metabolic diseases such as hyperuricemia, diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, osteoporosis, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. Subsequently, the SIRT1 agonists and inhibitors in the above diseases are summarized and future research directions are proposed. Overall, the information presents here may highlight the potential of SIRT1 as a future biomarker and therapeutic target for endocrine and metabolic diseases. © The author(s).
Hydrogen Sulfide in Diabetic Complications Revisited: The State of the Art, Challenges, and Future Directions; Significance: Diabetes and its related complications are becoming an increasing public health problem that affects hundreds of millions of people globally. Increased disability and mortality rate of diabetic individuals are closely associated with various life-threatening complications, such as atherosclerosis, nephropathy, retinopathy, and cardiomyopathy. Recent Advances: Conventional treatments for diabetes are still limited because of undesirable side effects, including obesity, hypoglycemia, and hepatic and renal toxicity. Studies have shown that hydrogen sulfide (H2S) plays a critical role in the modulation of glycolipid metabolism, pancreatic β cell functions, and diabetic complications. Critical Issues: Preservation of endogenous H2S systems and supplementation of H2S donors are effective in attenuating diabetes-induced complications, thus representing a new avenue to treat diabetes and its associated complications. Future Directions: This review systematically recapitulates and discusses the most recent updates regarding the therapeutic effects of H2S on diabetes and its various complications, with an emphasis on the molecular mechanisms that underlie H2S-mediated protection against diabetic complications. Furthermore, current clinical trials of H2S in diabetic populations are highlighted, and the challenges and solutions to the clinical transformation of H2S-derived therapies in diabetes are proposed. Finally, future research directions of the pharmacological actions of H2S in diabetes and its related complications are summarized. Antioxid. Redox Signal. 38, 18-44.  © Copyright 2023, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2023.
7. Diabetes Technology: Standards of Care in Diabetes—2023; The American Diabetes Association (ADA) “Standards of Care in Diabetes” in-cludes the ADA’s current clinical practice recommendations and is intended to provide the components of diabetes care, general treatment goals and guide-lines, and tools to evaluate quality of care. Members of the ADA Professional Practice Committee, a multidisciplinary expert committee, are responsible for up-dating the Standards of Care annually, or more frequently as warranted. For a de-tailed description of ADA standards, statements, and reports, as well as the evidence-grading system for ADA’s clinical practice recommendations and a full list of Professional Practice Committee members, please refer to Introduction and Methodology. Readers who wish to comment on the Standards of Care are invited to do so at professional.diabetes.org/SOC. © 2022, American Diabetes Association Inc. All rights reserved.
The new landscape of differentially expression proteins in placenta tissues of gestational diabetes based on iTRAQ proteomics; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to abnormal glucose tolerance that occurs or is firstly diagnosed during pregnancy. GDM is related to various adverse pregnancy outcomes, but GDM pathogeny has not been fully elucidated. Nevertheless, previous studies have observed that many proteins in the placentas of patients with GDM are dysregulated. The present study aimed to establish a novel differentially expressed protein (DEP) landscape of GDM and normal maternal placentas and to explore the possible connection between DEPs and GDM pathogenesis. This study provides new insights into the mechanism of GDM and should make an important contribution to the development of biomarkers. Methods: The morphological characteristics of the placenta were observed on 30 GDM and normal maternal placental tissues stained with haematoxylin and eosin. Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ) was used in the proteomics screening of the DEPs of the normal and GDM maternal placentas. Bioinformatics analysis was performed on the DEPs, and parallel reaction monitoring (PRM) was performed to verify the DEPs. Finally, the quantitative analysis of iTRAQ and PRM was verified by immunohistochemical assay. Results: A total of 68 DEPs in the GDM placenta were identified with iTRAQ proteomics experiment, comprising 21 up-regulated and 47 down-regulated DEPs. Bioinformatics analysis showed that the regulation of transport, catabolic process of non-coding RNA, cytoskeleton and cell binding were the most abundant Gene Ontology terms, and RNA degradation was an important pathway for significant enrichment. Protein–protein interaction network analysis showed that heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins A2/B1 (HNRNPA2B1), heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A/B (HNRNPAB), heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein L (HNRNPL) and heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A3 (HNRNPA3) were the cores of the up-regulated proteins. Band 3 anion transport protein (SLC4A1), spectrin beta chain erythrocytic (SPTB), ankyrin-1 (ANK1), spectrin beta chain non-erythrocytic 2 (SPTBN2), D-3-phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase (PHGDH) and exosome complex component RRP42 (EXOSC7) were the cores of the down-regulated proteins. These proteins are involved in the binding, splicing, processing, transport and degradation of RNA and in the formation and maintenance of the cytoskeleton. PRM verification results showed that seven proteins, namely, epiplakin (EPPK1), cold-inducible RNA-binding protein (CIRBP), HNRNPA2B1, HNRNPAB, HNRNPL, Ras-related protein Rab-21 (RAB21) and Ras-related protein Rab-3B (RAB3B), were up-regulated, whereas SPTB and SLC4A1 were down-regulated. The results of immunohistochemical assay also showed that the expression of five proteins, namely EPPK1, HNRNPA2B1, HNRNPAB, CIRBP and RAB21, were significantly higher in GDM placental tissues (P < 0.01). The GDM placentas showed changes in the morphological evaluation, including poor villous maturation, obvious increase in the number of syncytiotrophoblast nodules, thickening of the wall of dry villous arterioles with lumen stenosis, increased fibrinous exudation and excessive filling of villous interstitial vessels. Discussion: Differentially expressed proteins related to a variety of biological processes in the GDM placenta were found. Fourteen proteins, namely, HNRNPA2B1, HNRNPAB, HNRNPL, HNRNPA3, EPPK1, CIRBP, RAB21, RAB3B, SLC4A1, SPTB, ANK1, SPTBN2, PHGDH and EXOSC7, which were differentially expressed in the placenta, may play an important role in regulating the occurrence and development of gestational diabetes through multi-channel and multi-link regulation. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Treatment of burns associated with diabetes with tannins extracted from Haloxylon salicornium and Zygophilium coccinium; The use of plant extracts is a successful method of treating diseases. Desert plants are rich in many anti-oxidant compounds, so they have been used since ancient times in folk medicine. The most important of these compounds are tannins that contain in their composition an oxidative hydroxyl group, which resists the free radical compounds, which are used in this study. From two plants of Haloxylon salicornium and Zygophilium coccinium (after proving their antioxidant activity by DPPH assay, with different concentrations for both plants), tannins were extracted and were used to treat burns in laboratory rabbits with diabetes and divided into different. The incidence of infection was confirmed by a histological, clinical, and microbiological study of the effect of extracts on the treatment period for the stability of their effectiveness for treatment. The results showed the effectiveness of these compounds on microorganisms and accelerated the treatment period despite diabetes and getting fast and effective results. Medicinal plants. © 2021 Iranian Society of Ichthyology.
Aromatase Enzyme Activity and Liver Receptor Homolog-1 Levels in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the prediabetes conditions in which high blood sugar levels and body weight increase during pregnancy. The underlying molecular and biochemical mechanisms of GDM have been poorly defined. Introduction: Aromatase enzyme activity is responsible for the conversion of androgens to estrogens and has a share in the regulation of body fat distribution and liver receptor homolog-1 (LRH-1), which plays a critical role in cholesterol transport, acid homeostasis, and steroidogenesis in GDM patients. This study aims to determine the levels of aromatase enzyme and LRH-1 in GDM patients and to investigate the relationship between the levels of aromatase enzyme and LRH-1 and the levels of insulin, HbA 1c and total cholesterol. Methods: This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted over eleven months (September 2020 to July 2021). The study population was selected at Harran University Teaching and Research Hospital. The study included 32 GDM patients and 32 healthy pregnants. The automated assay measured serum fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, and insulin levels (AVIDA 1800 Chemistry System; Siemens). Aromatase enzyme activity and LRH-1 levels were determined by using a commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kit. Results: Aromatase activity decreased in GDM patients while LRH1 increased. Significant differences in means levels of fasting blood glucose (p = 0.11), insulin (p = 0.001) and HbA1c (p = 0.001) between the patients and control groups. There was a significant negative correlation between the levels of aromatase and insulin (r =-370, p = 0.037). In addition, a positive significant correlation coefficient (r = 0.645, p = 0.001) was found between HbA1c and total cholesterol among the patients' group. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that there is a negative relationship between aromatase activity and insulin levels. Aromatase and LRH 1 may play a role in the pathogenesis of GDM, and the use of LRH-1 agonists in treating the disease may be considered an alternative treatment in the future. However, additional studies are required to reveal the possible functions of these two proteins in GDM with their mechanisms. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Modulation of gut microbiota and lipid metabolism in rats fed high-fat diets by Ganoderma lucidum triterpenoids; Ganoderma lucidum triterpenoids (GP) have been reported to help prevent and improve hyperlipidemia. Modulation of the gut microbiota was proposed as underlying factor as well as a novel measure to prevent and treat hyperlipidemia. The effects of GP on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemia and gut microbiota modulation were determined in rats. Ultra-performance liquid chromatography tandem quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-QTOF MS-MS) indicated that GP were enriched with ganoderic acids G, B, H, A, and F. After feeding with GP supplementation, serum lipid levels including total triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly decreased in hyperlipidemic rats. Furthermore, administration of GP also has reversed the HFD-induced gut microbiota dysbiosis, including a significant increase in Alloprevotella and reduced proportion of Blautia. The result above suggests that GP would be developed as a functional food to ameliorate lipid metabolic disorders and hyperlipidemia. © 2023 The Authors
Relationship between single nucleotide polymorphism studies in ghrelin gene with obesity subjects; Background: Obesity is one of the hereditary metabolic conditions that have been recognized in humans which is associated with visceral fat. Ghrelin (GHRL) is mainly linked to obesity as lipid metabolism. The rs626917, rs34911341 and rs20755356 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) were extensively investigated in multiple human diseases including obesity. There are no studies were studied in the Saudi population with GHRL gene and obesity and the current study was aimed to investigate the genetic association between rs626917, rs34911341 and rs20755356 SNPs in GHRL gene in obesity population. Methodology: Ninety patients with obesity and ninety healthy individuals served as controls in this case-control study. Genomic DNA was extracted from the collected EDTA blood and genotyping was performed with qPCR analysis using VIC and FAM probes. Clinical and biochemical data was collected from 180 subjects and statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software (25th Version, USA). Results: Age, weight, BMI, WC, SBP, DBP, HDLC, and TG levels all showed statistical significance with obesity (p < 0.05) when compared with controls. Genotype analysis in rs696217 SNP confirmed no association in allele, genotypes or any other forms of genetic models. A positive association was observed in both rs34911341 and rs2075356 SNPs (p < 0.05). The Anova analysis confirmed the significant association with weight, BMI and SBP in rs696217 SNP, weight and BMI in rs34911341 SNP and SBP in rs2075356 SNP in GHRL gene (p = 0.01). Conclusion: This study confirms the significant association with rs34911341 and rs20755356 SNPs was associated with obesity in the Saudi population. © 2022 The Author(s)
Protective Effects of Ferulic Acid on Metabolic Syndrome: A Comprehensive Review; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a complex disease in which protein, fat, carbohydrates and other substances are metabolized in a disorderly way. Ferulic acid (FA) is a phenolic acid found in many vegetables, fruits, cereals and Chinese herbs that has a strong effect on ameliorating MetS. However, no review has summarized the mechanisms of FA in treating MetS. This review collected articles related to the effects of FA on ameliorating the common symptoms of MetS, such as diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hypertension and obesity, from different sources involving Web of Science, PubMed and Google Scholar, etc. This review summarizes the potential mechanisms of FA in improving various metabolic disorders according to the collected articles. FA ameliorates diabetes via the inhibition of the expressions of PEPCK, G6Pase and GP, the upregulation of the expressions of GK and GS, and the activation of the PI3K/Akt/GLUT4 signaling pathway. The decrease of blood pressure is related to the endothelial function of the aortas and RAAS. The improvement of the lipid spectrum is mediated via the suppression of the HMG-Co A reductase, by promoting the ACSL1 expression and by the regulation of the factors associated with lipid metabolism. Furthermore, FA inhibits obesity by upregulating the MEK/ERK pathway, the MAPK pathway and the AMPK signaling pathway and by inhibiting SREBP-1 expression. This review can be helpful for the development of FA as an appreciable agent for MetS treatment. © 2022 by the authors.
New insights into anti-diabetes effects and molecular mechanisms of dietary saponins; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a long-term metabolic disorder that manifests as chronic hyperglycemia and impaired insulin, bringing a heavy load on the global health care system. Considering the inevitable side effects of conventional anti-diabetic drugs, saponins-rich natural products exert promising therapeutic properties to serve as safer and more cost-effective alternatives for DM management. Herein, this review systematically summarized the research progress on the anti-diabetic properties of dietary saponins and their underlying molecular mechanisms in the past 20 years. Dietary saponins possessed the multidirectional anti-diabetic capabilities by concurrent regulation of various signaling pathways, such as IRS-1/PI3K/Akt, AMPK, Nrf2/ARE, NF-κB-NLRP3, SREBP-1c, and PPARγ, in liver, pancreas, gut, and skeletal muscle. However, the industrialization and commercialization of dietary saponin-based drugs are confronted with a significant challenge due to the low bioavailability and lack of the standardization. Hence, in-depth evaluations in pharmacological profile, function-structure interaction, drug-signal pathway interrelation are essential for developing dietary saponins-based anti-diabetic treatments in the future. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Role of Impaired Glycolysis in Perturbations of Amino Acid Metabolism in Diabetes Mellitus; The most frequent alterations in plasma amino acid concentrations in type 1 and type 2 diabetes are decreased L-serine and increased branched-chain amino acid (BCAA; valine, leucine, and isoleucine) levels. The likely cause of L-serine deficiency is decreased synthesis of 3-phosphoglycerate, the main endogenous precursor of L-serine, due to impaired glycolysis. The BCAA levels increase due to decreased supply of pyruvate and oxaloacetate from glycolysis, enhanced supply of NADH + H+ from beta-oxidation, and subsequent decrease in the flux through the citric acid cycle in muscles. These alterations decrease the supply of α-ketoglutarate for BCAA transamination and the activity of branched-chain keto acid dehydrogenase, the rate-limiting enzyme in BCAA catabolism. L-serine deficiency contributes to decreased synthesis of phospholipids and increased synthesis of deoxysphinganines, which play a role in diabetic neuropathy, impaired homocysteine disposal, and glycine deficiency. Enhanced BCAA levels contribute to increased levels of aromatic amino acids (phenylalanine, tyrosine, and tryptophan), insulin resistance, and accumulation of various metabolites, whose influence on diabetes progression is not clear. It is concluded that amino acid concentrations should be monitored in patients with diabetes, and systematic investigation is needed to examine the effects of L-serine and glycine supplementation on diabetes progression when these amino acids are decreased. © 2023 by the author.
A Critical Review on the Nutritional and Medicinal Profiles of Garlic’s (Allium sativum L.) Bioactive Compounds; The medicinal characteristics of garlic’s (Allium sativum L.) dynamically bioactive constituents such as alliin, allicin, ajoene, S-allyl-cysteine, S-trityl-L-cysteine, diallyl sulfide, and S-allylmercaptocysteine, have gained a lot of scientific attention from a large number of investigators who have occupied the related pre-clinical and clinical studies, as well as in the industrial sector. The outcomes from basic investigations demonstrated that, depending on the type of food processing, the presence of bioactive compounds in the matrix of garlic have a coherent and direct relation with the appearance/development of health-promoting effects in the host. Besides, it can be acknowledged that at present spectroscopic and chemometric techniques are powerful tools to detect fraud, prevent criminal activities of fraudsters, and ensure food chain safety, and future studies should lead to further progress, such as portable and hand-held spectroscopy devices for rapid on-site analysis, in this field. There have been also many issues on the effects of processing on garlic’s bioactive compounds, potential toxicities, pharmacokinetics, and safety profile of these elements that should be studied to validate the health advantages of garlic in humans. In this review, the outcomes of recent experimental and clinical reports are reviewed and metabolism pathway, bioavailability, biological/therapeutically effects, food-related applicability, methods of adulteration detection, potential toxicities, and safety profile of garlic’s derived bio-compounds are discussed. © 2022 Taylor & Francis.
Gut firmicutes: Relationship with dietary fiber and role in host homeostasis; Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes are the predominant bacterial phyla colonizing the healthy human gut. Accumulating evidence suggests that dietary fiber plays a crucial role in host health, yet most studies have focused on how the dietary fiber affects health through gut Bacteroides. More recently, gut Firmicutes have been found to possess many genes responsible for fermenting dietary fiber, and could also interact with the intestinal mucosa and thereby contribute to homeostasis. Consequently, the relationship between dietary fiber and Firmicutes is of interest, as well as the role of Firmicutes in host health. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge regarding the molecular mechanism of dietary fiber degradation by gut Firmicutes and explain the communication pathway of the dietary fiber-Firmicutes-host axis, and the beneficial effects of dietary fiber-induced Firmicutes and their metabolites on health. A better understanding of the dialogue sustained by the dietary fiber-Firmicutes axis and the host could provide new insights into probiotic therapy and novel dietary interventions aimed at increasing the abundance of Firmicutes (such as Faecalibacterium, Lactobacillus, and Roseburia) to promote health. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Intermittent fasting and immunomodulatory effects: A systematic review; Introduction: strategy of periodic food restriction and fixed eating windows, could beneficially modify individuals by losing body weight, regulating glucose or lipid metabolism, reducing blood pressure, and modulating the immune system. Specific effects of IF and its mechanisms have not yet been assessed collectively. Thus, this systematic review aims to summarize and compare clinical trials that explored the immunomodulatory effects of IF. Methods: After screening, 28 studies were included in this systematic review. Results: In addition to weight loss, IF could benefit health subjects by strengthening their circadian rhythms, migrating immune cells, lower inflammatory factors, and enriching microbials. In addition of the anti-inflammatory effect by regulating macrophages, protection against oxidative stress with hormone secretion and oxidative-related gene expression plays a key beneficial role for the influence of IF on obese subjects. Discussion: Physiological stress by surgery and pathophysiological disorders by endocrine diseases may be partly eased with IF. Moreover, IF might be used to treat anxiety and cognitive disorders with its cellular, metabolic and circadian mechanisms. Finally, the specific effects of IF and the mechanisms pertaining to immune system in these conditions require additional studies. Copyright © 2023 He, Xu, Li, Yang and Mao.
The transcriptomic and epigenetic alterations in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients of Chinese Tibetan and Han populations; Background: Due to the distinctive living environment, lifestyle, and diet, the Tibetan community in China has the lowest prevalence of T2DM and prediabetes among numerous ethnic groups, while Han community shows the highest statistic. In this study, we aim to conclude the clinical manifestations of both Tibetan and Han T2DM patients and their association with transcriptomic and epigenetic alterations. Methods: A cross-sectional study including 120 T2DM patients from Han and Tibetan ethnic groups were conducted between 2019 to 2021 at the Hospital of Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. The various clinical features and laboratory tests were recorded and analyzed between the two groups. The genome-wide methylation pattern and RNA expression were determined by Reduced Representation Bisulfite Sequencing (RBBS) and Poly (A) RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) from leucocytes of peripheral blood samples in 6 Han and 6 Tibetan patients. GO analysis and KEGG analysis were conducted in differentially expressed genes and those with differentially methylated regions. Results: Compared to Han, Tibetan T2DM individuals intake more coarse grains, meat and yak butter, but less refined grains, vegetables and fruit. They also showed increased BMI, Hb, HbA1c, LDL, ALT, GGT and eGFR, and decreased level of BUN. Among the 12 patients in the exploratory cohort, we identified 5178 hypomethylated and 4787 hypermethylated regions involving 1613 genes in the Tibetan group. RNA-seq showed a total of 947 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) between the two groups, with 523 up-regulated and 424 down-regulated in Tibetan patients. By integrating DNA methylation and RNA expression data, we identified 112 DEGs with differentially methylated regions (overlapping genes) and 14 DEGs with promoter-related DMRs. The functional enrichment analysis demonstrated that the overlapping genes were primarily involved in metabolic pathways, PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, MAPK signaling pathway, pathways in cancer and Rap1 signaling pathway. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates the clinical characteristics of T2DM differ subtly between various ethnic groups that may be related to epigenetic modifications, thus providing evidence and ideas for additional research on the genetic pattern of T2DM. Copyright © 2023 Wang, Liu, Wang and Chen.
Ethinylestradiol in combined hormonal contraceptive has a broader effect on serum proteome compared with estradiol valerate: A randomized controlled trial; STUDY QUESTION: Does an estradiol-based combined oral contraceptive (COC) have a milder effect on the serum proteome than an ethinylestradiol (EE)-based COC or dienogest (DNG) only- SUMMARY ANSWER: The changes in serum proteome were multifold after the use of a synthetic EE-based COC compared to natural estrogen COC or progestin-only preparation. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: EE-based COCs widely affect metabolism, inflammation, hepatic protein synthesis and blood coagulation. Studies comparing serum proteomes after the use of COCs containing EE and natural estrogens are lacking. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This was a spin-off from a randomized, controlled, two-center clinical trial. Women (n = 59) were randomized to use either EE + DNG, estradiol valerate (EV) + DNG or DNG only continuously for 9 weeks. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Participants were healthy, young, white volunteer women. Serum samples were collected before and after 9 weeks of hormonal exposure. Samples from 44 women were available for analysis (EE + DNG n = 14, EV + DNG n = 16 and DNG only n = 14). Serum proteins were analyzed by quantitative, discovery-type label-free proteomics. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Altogether, 446 proteins/protein families with two or more unique peptides were detected and quantified. The number of proteins/families that altered over the 9-week period within the study groups was 121 for EE + DNG and 5 for EV + DNG, while no changes were detected for DNG only. When alterations were compared between the groups, significant differences were detected for 63 proteins/protein families, of which 58 were between the EE + DNG and EV + DNG groups. The most affected functions during the use of EE + DNG were the complement system, acute phase response signaling, metabolism and the coagulation system. The results were validated by fetuin-B and cortisol-binding globulin ELISA and sex hormone-binding globulin immunoassay. LARGE SCALE DATA: Data are available via ProteomeXchange with identifiers PXD033617 (low abundance fraction) and PXD033618 (high abundance fraction). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The power analysis of the trial was not based on the proteomic analysis of this spin-off study. In the future, targeted proteomic analysis with samples from another trial should be carried out in order to confirm the results. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The EE-based COC exerted a broader effect on the serum proteome than the EV-based COC or the DNG-only preparation. These results demonstrate that the effects of EE in COCs go far beyond the established endpoint markers of estrogen action, while the EV combination is closer to the progestin-only preparation. The study indicates that EV could provide a preferable option to EE in COCs in the future and signals a need for further studies comparing the clinical health outcomes of COCs containing EE and natural estrogens. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Funding for this researcher-initiated study was obtained from the Helsinki University Hospital research funds, the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa, the Sigrid Juselius Foundation, the Academy of Finland, the Finnish Medical Association, the University of Oulu Graduate School, the Emil Aaltonen Foundation, the Swedish Cultural Foundation in Finland, the Novo Nordisk Foundation, Orion Research Foundation and the Northern Ostrobothnia Regional Fund. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, publishing decisions or manuscript preparation. T.P. has received honoraria for lectures, consultations and research grants from Exeltis, Gedeon Richter, MSD, Merck, Pfizer, Roche, Stragen and Mithra Pharmaceuticals. O.H. occasionally serves on advisory boards for Bayer AG and Gedeon Richter and has designed and lectured at educational events for these companies. The other authors have nothing to disclose.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology.
Sex differences in predictive factors for onset of type 2 diabetes in Japanese individuals: A 15-year follow-up study; Aims/Introduction: The increase in the number of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is an important concern worldwide. The goal of this study was to investigate factors involved in the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and sex differences in long-term follow up of people with normal glucose tolerance. Materials and Methods: Of 1,309 individuals who underwent screening at our facility in 2004, 748 individuals without diabetes were enrolled. Correlations of metabolic markers including serum adiponectin (APN) with onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus were examined over 15 years in these individuals. Results: The Kaplan–Meier curve for onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus for 15 years in the decreased APN group was examined. Hazard ratios for the APN concentration for onset of diabetes were 1.78 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.20–2.63, P = 0.004) in all participants, 1.48 (95% CI 0.96–2.29, P = 0.078) for men and 3.01 (95% CI 1.37–6.59, P = 0.006) for women. During the follow-up period of 15 years, body mass index, estimated glomerular filtration rate, fatty liver, C-reactive protein and alanine aminotransferase in men were significant in univariate analysis, but only estimated glomerular filtration rate and fatty liver were significantly related to onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus in multivariate analysis. In women, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, fatty liver and APN were significant in univariate analysis, and APN was the only significant risk factor in multivariate analysis (P < 0.05). Conclusions: There are differences between men and women with regard to targets for intervention to prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Individuals requiring intensive intervention should be selected with this finding to maximize the use of limited social and economic resources. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Role of exosomes in tumour growth, chemoresistance and immunity: state-of-the-art; Cancer is one of the most lethal diseases, and limited available treatment options contribute to its high mortality rate. Exosomes are considered membrane-bound nanovesicles that include different molecules such as lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids. Virtually most cells could release exosomes via exocytosis in physiological and pathological conditions. Tumour-derived exosomes (TDEs) play essential roles in tumorigenesis, proliferation, progression, metastasis, immune escape, and chemoresistance by transferring functional biological cargos, triggering different autocrine, and paracrine signalling cascades. Due to their antigen-presenting properties, exosomes are widely used as biomarkers and drug carriers and have a prominent role in cancer immunotherapy. They offer various advantages in carrier systems (e.g. in chemotherapy, siRNA, and miRNA), delivery of diagnostic agents owing to their stability, loading of hydrophobic and hydrophilic agents, and drug targeting. Novel exosomes-based carriers can be generated as intelligent systems using various sources and crosslinking chemistry extracellular vesicles (EVs). Exosomes studded with targeting ligands, including peptides, can impart in targeted delivery of cargos to tumour cells. In this review, we comprehensively summarised the important role of tumour-derived exosomes in dictating cancer pathogenesis and resistance to therapy. We have therefore, investigated in further detail the pivotal role of tumour-derived exosomes in targeting various cancer cells and their applications, and prospects in cancer therapy and diagnosis. Additionally, we have implicated the potential utility and significance of tumour exosomes-based nanoparticles as an efficient and novel therapeutic carrier and their applications in treating advanced cancers. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Insights by which TUDCA is a potential therapy against adiposity; Adipose tissue is an organ with metabolic and endocrine activity. White, brown and ectopic adipose tissues have different structure, location, and function. Adipose tissue regulates energy homeostasis, providing energy in nutrient-deficient conditions and storing it in high-supply conditions. To attend to the high demand for energy storage during obesity, the adipose tissue undergoes morphological, functional and molecular changes. Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress has been evidenced as a molecular hallmark of metabolic disorders. In this sense, the ER stress inhibitor tauroursodeoxycholic acid (TUDCA), a bile acid conjugated to taurine with chemical chaperone activity, has emerged as a therapeutic strategy to minimize adipose tissue dysfunction and metabolic alterations associated with obesity. In this review, we highlight the effects of TUDCA and receptors TGR5 and FXR on adipose tissue in the setting of obesity. TUDCA has been demonstrated to limit metabolic disturbs associated to obesity by inhibiting ER stress, inflammation, and apoptosis in adipocytes. The beneficial effect of TUDCA on perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) function and adiponectin release may be related to cardiovascular protection in obesity, although more studies are needed to clarify the mechanisms. Therefore, TUDCA has emerged as a potential therapeutic strategy for obesity and comorbidities. Copyright © 2023 Freitas, da Silva Jr, Oliveira, Lourençoni Alves, Dos Reis Araújo, Camporez, Carneiro and Davel.
Maternal iron status in early pregnancy and childhood body fat measures and cardiometabolic risk factors: A population-based prospective cohort; Background: Whether maternal iron status during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic health in the offspring is poorly known. Objectives: We aimed to assess the associations of maternal iron status during early pregnancy with body fat measures and cardiometabolic risk factors in children aged 10 y. Methods: In a population-based cohort study among 3718 mother–child pairs, we measured ferritin, transferrin, and transferrin saturation during early pregnancy. We obtained child BMI, fat mass index, and android/gynoid fat mass ratio by DXA, subcutaneous fat index, visceral fat index, pericardial fat index, and liver fat fraction by magnetic resonance imaging and assessed systolic and diastolic blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose, insulin, and CRP at 10 y. Results: A one-standard deviation score (SDS) higher maternal ferritin was associated with lower fat mass index [difference −0.05 (95% CI: −0.08, −0.02) SDS] and subcutaneous fat index [difference −0.06 (95% CI: −0.10, −0.02) SDS] in children. One-SDS higher maternal transferrin was associated with higher fat mass index [difference 0.04 (95% CI: 0.01, 0.07) SDS], android/gynoid fat mass ratio [difference 0.05 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.08) SDS], and subcutaneous fat index [difference 0.06 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.10) SDS] in children. Iron status during pregnancy was not consistently associated with organ fat and cardiometabolic risk factors at 10 y. Conclusions: Maternal lower ferritin and higher transferrin in early pregnancy are associated with body fat accumulation and distribution but are not associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in childhood. Underlying mechanisms and long-term consequences warrant further study. © 2022 American Society for Nutrition
Changes of gut microbiota and tricarboxylic acid metabolites may be helpful in early diagnosis of necrotizing enterocolitis: A pilot study; Purpose: We aimed to explore the value of gut microbiota and tricarboxylic acid (TCA) metabolites in early diagnosis of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) among infants with abdominal manifestations. Methods: Thirty-two preterm infants with abdominal manifestations at gestational age ≤ 34 weeks were included in the study and were divided into non-NEC (n = 16) and NEC (n = 16) groups. Faecal samples were collected when the infants were enrolled. The gut microbiota was analysed with high-throughput sequencing, and TCA metabolites were measured with multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) targeted metabolomics. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were generated to explore the predictive value of the obtained data. Results: There was no significant difference in alpha diversity or beta diversity between the two groups (p > 0.05). At the phylum level, Proteobacteria increased, and Actinomycetota decreased in the NEC group (p < 0.05). At the genus level, Bifidobacterium and Lactobacillaceae decreased significantly, and at the species level, unclassified Staphylococcus, Lactobacillaceae and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis decreased in the NEC group (p < 0.05). Further Linear discriminant analysis effect sizes (LEfSe) analysis showed that the change in Proteobacteria at the phylum level and Lactobacillaceae and Bifidobacterium at the genus level scored higher than 4. The concentrations of succinate, L-malic acid and oxaloacetate in the NEC group significantly increased (p < 0.05), and the areas under the ROC curve for these metabolites were 0.6641, 0.7617, and 0.7344, respectively. Conclusion: Decreased unclassified Staphylococcus, Lactobacillaceae and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis at the species level as well as the increase in the contents of some TCA metabolites, including succinate, L-malic acid and oxaloacetate, have potential value for the early diagnosis of NEC. Copyright © 2023 Du, Liu, He, Gao, Liu, Wang and Li.
Role of Prenatal Nutrition in the Development of Insulin Resistance in Children; Nutrition during the prenatal period is crucial for the development of insulin resistance (IR) and its consequences in children. The relationship between intrauterine environment, fetal nutrition and the onset of IR, type 2 diabetes (T2D), obesity and metabolic syndrome later in life has been confirmed in many studies. The intake of carbohydrates, protein, fat and micronutrients during pregnancy seems to damage fetal metabolism programming; indeed, epigenetic mechanisms change glucose−insulin metabolism. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) induced by unbalanced nutrient intake during prenatal life cause fetal adipose tissue and pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction. In this review we have summarized and discussed the role of maternal nutrition in preventing insulin resistance in youth. © 2022 by the authors.
Mass spectrometry for breath analysis; Breath analysis is an attractive strategy for chemically monitoring the metabolic dynamics of living organisms including human beings and other mammals in a non-invasive way. This analysis involves detecting metabolites contained in the exhaled breath aerosol samples, and offers rich valuable information to evaluate the health status and therapy effectiveness. Mass spectrometry is a powerful analytical platform for breath analysis. Soon after their development, hyphenated mass spectrometry techniques have been increasingly used in breath analysis, although their performance is compromised by the tedious sample pretreatment. Ambient mass spectrometry maximizes the throughput of mass analysis of biosamples due to minimal/no sample pretreatment and thus has been widely adopted for breath analysis. As a tutorial review, this paper introduces principle, instrumental setup, analytical procedures and characteristics, typical applications and performance, and future development prospects of the mass spectrometry-based techniques for breath analysis, facilitating the further development and application of breath analysis. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
A Promising Strategy to Treat Neurodegenerative Diseases by SIRT3 Activation; SIRT3, the primary mitochondrial deacetylase, regulates the functions of mitochondrial proteins including metabolic enzymes and respiratory chain components. Although SIRT3’s functions in peripheral tissues are well established, the significance of its downregulation in neurodegenerative diseases is beginning to emerge. SIRT3 plays a key role in brain energy metabolism and provides substrate flexibility to neurons. It also facilitates metabolic coupling between fuel substrate-producing tissues and fuel-consuming tissues. SIRT3 mediates the health benefits of lifestyle-based modifications such as calorie restriction and exercise. SIRT3 deficiency is associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS), a precondition for diseases including obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The pure form of Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is rare, and it has been reported to coexist with these diseases in aging populations. SIRT3 downregulation leads to mitochondrial dysfunction, neuroinflammation, and inflammation, potentially triggering factors of AD pathogenesis. Recent studies have also suggested that SIRT3 may act through multiple pathways to reduce plaque formation in the AD brain. In this review, we give an overview of SIRT3’s roles in brain physiology and pathology and discuss several activators of SIRT3 that can be considered potential therapeutic agents for the treatment of dementia. © 2023 by the authors.
Role of the inflammasome in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus; The inflammasome is a protein complex composed of a variety of proteins in cells and which participates in the innate immune response of the body. It can be activated by upstream signal regulation and plays an important role in pyroptosis, apoptosis, inflammation, tumor regulation, etc. In recent years, the number of metabolic syndrome patients with insulin resistance (IR) has increased year by year, and the inflammasome is closely related to the occurrence and development of metabolic diseases. The inflammasome can directly or indirectly affect conduction of the insulin signaling pathway, involvement the occurrence of IR and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Moreover, various therapeutic agents also work through the inflammasome to treat with diabetes. This review focuses on the role of inflammasome on IR and T2DM, pointing out the association and utility value. Briefly, we have discussed the main inflammasomes, including NLRP1, NLRP3, NLRC4, NLRP6 and AIM2, as well as their structure, activation and regulation in IR were described in detail. Finally, we discussed the current therapeutic options-associated with inflammasome for the treatment of T2DM. Specially, the NLRP3-related therapeutic agents and options are widely developed. In summary, this article reviews the role of and research progress on the inflammasome in IR and T2DM. Copyright © 2023 Lu, Li, Qian, Zhao, Feng, Weng and Yu.
Association between per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances exposure and risk of diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Emerging evidence suggests that per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are endocrine disruptors and may contribute to the etiology of diabetes. Objectives: This study aimed to systematically review the epidemiological evidence on the associations of PFAS with mortality and morbidity of diabetes and to quantitatively evaluate the summary effect estimates of the existing literature. Methods: We searched three electronic databases for epidemiological studies concerning PFAS and diabetes published before April 1, 2022. Summary odds ratio (OR), hazard ratio (HR), or β and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were respectively calculated to evaluate the association between PFAS and diabetes using random-effects model by the exposure type, and dose-response meta-analyses were also performed when possible. We also assessed the risk of bias of the studies included and the confidence in the body of evidence. Results: An initial literature search identified 1969 studies, of which 22 studies were eventually included. The meta-analyses indicated that the observed statistically significant PFAS-T2DM associations were consistent in cohort studies, while the associations were almost non-significant in case-control and cross-sectional studies. Dose-response meta-analysis showed a “parabolic-shaped” association between perfluorooctanoate acid (PFOA) exposure and T2DM risk. Available evidence was rated with “low” risk of bias, and the level of evidence for PFAS and incident T2DM was considered “moderate”. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that PFAS exposure may increase the risk of incident T2DM, and that PFOA may exert non-monotonic dose-response effect on T2DM risk. Considering the widespread exposure, persistence, and potential for adverse health effects of PFAS, further cohort studies with improvements in expanding the sample size, adjusting the covariates, and considering different types of PFAS exposure at various doses, are needed to elucidate the putative causal associations and potential mode of action of different PFAS on diabetes. Impact Statement: A growing body of evidence suggests that per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are endocrine disruptors and may contribute to the development of diabetes. However, epidemiological evidence on the associations of PFAS and diabetes is inconsistent. We performed this comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis to quantitatively synthesize the evidence. The findings of this study suggest that exposure to PFAS may increase diabetes risk among the general population. Reduced exposure to these “forever and everywhere chemicals” may be an important preventative approach to reducing the risk of diabetes across the population. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature America, Inc.
Association of placental PPARα/γ and miR-27b expression with macrosomia in healthy pregnancy; Background: Peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) and microRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the development of fetuses, whereas expression changes of PPARs and three miRNAs (miR-17, miR-27b and miR-34a) and whether these miRNAs regulate PPARs in non-GDM macrosomia placenta is unclear. Methods: A case–control study was performed to collect information and placental tissues on mothers and newborns of non-GDM macrosomia and normal-birth-weight infants. In vitro HTR8-SVneo cellular model was used to detect the effects of miRNAs on PPARs expression. Quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) and western blot was applied to examine the expression levels of PPARs, miR-17, miR-27b, and miR-34a in placental tissues and cells. Results: The PPARα/γ mRNA and protein levels were significantly up-regulated and miR-27b was down-regulated in the placenta of macrosomia group compared with in the control group, while no difference was observed in PPARβ, miR-17, and miR-34a. After adjusting for confounding factors, low miR-27b and high PPARα/γ mRNA expression still increased the risk of macrosomia. The PPARα/γ protein levels presented a corresponding decrease or increase when cells were transfected with miR-27b mimic or inhibitor. Conclusions: Placental PPARα/γ and miR-27b expression were associated with non-GDM macrosomia and miR-27b probably promotes the occurrence of non-GDM macrosomia by regulating PPARα/γ protein. Impact: Low miR-27b and high PPARα/γ mRNA expression in the placenta were associated with higher risk of macrosomia.In vitro HTR8-SVneo cell experiment supported that miR-27b could negatively regulate the expression of PPARα and PPARγ protein.MiR-27b was probably involved in non-GDM macrosomia through negative regulation of PPARα/γ protein. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to the International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Fatty acid correlations with HOMA-IR and HOMA-% β are differentially dictated by their serum free and total pools and flaxseed oil supplementation; Objective. The intent of the present study was to test two hypotheses. The primary hypothesis was that there would be differences between blood serum individual free fatty acids (SIFFA) and serum individual total fatty acids (SITFA) in terms of their different relationships (correlations) to each of homeostatic model assessment-individual insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and homeostatic model assessment-individual insulin resistance-percentage β-cell function (HOMA-% β) remaining in human type 2 diabetic patients with pre-flaxseed oil (FXO) and pre-safflower oil (SFO) administration. The secondary hypothesis was that FXO (rich in alpha-linolenic acid, ALA) supplementation would alter these correlations differently in the SIFFA and STIFFA pools in comparison with the placebo SFO (poor in ALA). Methods. Patients were recruited via a newspaper advertisement and two physicians. All patients came to visit 1 and three months later to visit 2. At visit 2, the subjects were randomly assigned (double-blind) to flaxseed or safflower oil (placebo) treatment for three months until visit 3. Results. There were pre-intervention differences in the SIFFA and STIFA pool's relationships with each of HOMA-IR and HOMA-% β. These relatioships remained either unchanged or became significant after intervention (treatment or placebo). There was a negative correlation found between HOMA-IR and serum free ALA (SFALA) mol % after FXO. Serum total ALA (STALA) mol % had no significant correlations with HOMA-IR and HOMA-% β before and after flaxseed oil administration. Conclusions. The SIFFA and SITFA pools have different relationships with HOMA-IR and HOMA-% β for each of pre-and post-intervention. It is concluded that the data support both the primary and the secondary hypotheses indicating that they are correct.  © 2023 Douglas E. Barre et al., published by Sciendo.
Childhood obesity: causes, consequences, and prevention; As a result of the dramatic increase in the prevalence of overweight and obesity among children, childhood obesity is one of the most critical global public health challenges of the 21st century. Weight gain occurs when energy intake exceeds energy expenditure. Both genetic and environmental factors (such as a sedentary lifestyle) are implicated in its pathogenesis. Childhood obesity is associated with physical, psychological, and social consequences. Obese children are at higher risk of elevated fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (CVD), sleep apnea, and asthma. Psychological and social consequences include low self-esteem, social discomfort and isolation, and depression. Since COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic, millions of children and adolescents worldwide have been affected drastically. While COVID-19 has increased the prevalence of weight gain and childhood obesity, obese children, on the other hand, have suffered excessively from COVID-19. Here, we provide details on the endocrine, metabolic, and epidemiological aspects of childhood obesity with a concise discussion of the relationship between COVID-19 and childhood obesity. The endocrine chapter is focused on childhood obesity pathophysiology and the role of adipocytes and insulin in the mechanism of obesity. The metabolic chapter covered metabolic diseases related to childhood obesity. In contrast, the epidemiological chapter covered the risk factors of childhood obesity and current approaches to the prevention of childhood obesity. © 2023, Czech Medical Association J.E. Purkyne. All rights reserved.
Gestational Exercise Antagonises the Impact of Maternal High-Fat High-Sucrose Diet on Liver Mitochondrial Alterations and Quality Control Signalling in Male Offspring; Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are relevant modulators of the intrauterine environment, increasing the risk of liver metabolic alterations in mothers and offspring. In contrast, as a non-pharmacological approach against metabolic disorders, exercise is highly recommended in GDM treatment. We analysed whether gestational exercise (GE) protects mothers from diet-induced GDM metabolic consequences and mitigates liver mitochondrial deleterious alterations in their 6-week-old male offspring. Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed with control or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with control diet. Sedentary HFHS mothers and their offspring showed impaired hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and morphological evidence of mitochondrial remodelling. In contrast, GE-related beneficial effects were demonstrated by upregulation of mitochondrial biogenesis signalling markers and mitochondrial fusion proteins and downregulation of mitochondrial fission protein. Alterations in miR-34a, miR-130b, and miR-494, associated with epigenetic regulation of mitochondrial biogenesis, suggested that GE is a more critical modulator of intergenerational changes in miRs expression than the maternal diet. Our data showed that GE positively modulated the altered hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers and quality control signalling associated with maternal HFHS-diet-related GDM in mothers and offspring. © 2023 by the authors.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide as a Potential Risk Factor for Non-communicable Diseases: A Systematic Review; Background: Trimethylamine N-Oxide (TMAO), as a gut microbiota-derived metabo-lite, has been associated with a number of chronic diseases like cardiovascular diseases. Objective: Considering the increasing prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), we conducted a systematic review to discuss the TMAO association with NCDs. Methods: A comprehensive search has been conducted on PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases up to December, 2020. The inclusion criteria were all related observational studies that surveyed the association between TMAO levels and non-communicable diseases. Interventional studies, animal experiments, reviews, case reports, letters, congress abstracts, and studies that were not published in English were excluded. Moreover, related review studies were separately dis-cussed. Results: Within 2191 recorded studies, 99 cross-sectional, case-control and cohort studies met the inclusion criteria. The most common diseases associated with TMAO levels are cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, kidney disease, stroke, inflammatory diseases, neurological disorders, and cancer. Elevated TMAO levels as a consequence of alteration in gut microbiota composition and dietary intake can lead to the incidence of NCDs. The high levels of TMAO can disrupt the home-ostasis of glucose and lipids and induce inflammation that leads to serious NCDs. Conclusion: There is a dose-response relationship between TMAO levels and NCDs progression. Therefore, it can be studied as a therapeutic target or prognostic biomarker for dealing with NCDs. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Frizzled receptors and SFRP5 in lipid metabolism: Current findings and potential applications; Lipid metabolism plays a very important role as the central metabolic process of the body. Lipid metabolism interruptions may cause many chronic diseases, for example, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), diabetes, and obesity. Secreted Frizzled Related Protein 5 (SFRP5) and Frizzled receptors (FZD) are two newly discovered adipokines that are involved in lipid metabolism as well as lipogenesis. Both of these adipokines affect lipid metabolism and adipogenesis through three WNT signaling pathways (WNTSP): WNT/β-catenin, WNT/Ca2 +, and WNT/JNK. FZD consists of 10 species, which have a cysteine-rich domain (CRD) to bind to the WNT protein for signal transduction. Depending on the type of ligand or co-receptor, they can stimulate or inhibit adipogenesis. In lipid metabolism, they play a role in recognizing fatty acids. In obesity, gene expression of the WNT/FZD receptors is significantly increased. In contrast, SFPR5 serves as an antagonist that can compete with FZD for inhibition of WNTSP. It is believed to have anti-inflammatory potential in obesity and diseases related to abnormal lipid metabolism. In these cases, the expression of SFRP5 is found to be very low leading to the promoted production of proinflammatory cytokines (PICS). Some methods that include using recombinant SFRP5 to improve non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), using secreted Ly-6/uPAR-related protein 1 (Slurp1) to regulate fat accumulation in the liver through SFRP5, and dietary and lifestyle interventions to improve overweight/obesity have been studied. However, understandings of the molecular mechanisms of these two adipokines and their interactions are very limited. Therefore, more in-depth studies are needed in the future. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Management of obesity across women's life course: FIGO Best Practice Advice; Obesity is a chronic, progressive, relapsing, and treatable multifactorial, neurobehavioral disease. According to the World Health Organization, obesity affects 15% of women and has long-term effects on women's health. The focus of care in patients with obesity should be on optimizing health outcomes rather than on weight loss. Appropriate and common language, considering cultural sensitivity and trauma-informed care, is needed to discuss obesity. Pregnancy is a time of significant physiological change. Pre-, ante-, and postpartum clinical encounters provide opportunities for health optimization for parents with obesity in terms of, but not limited to, fertility and breastfeeding. Pre-existing conditions may also be identified and managed. Beyond pregnancy, women with obesity are at an increased risk for gastrointestinal and liver diseases, impaired kidney function, obstructive sleep apnea, and venous thromboembolism. Gynecological and reproductive health of women living with obesity cannot be dismissed, with accommodations needed for preventive health screenings and consideration of increased risk for gynecologic malignancies. Mental wellness, specifically depression, should be screened and managed appropriately. Obesity is a complex condition and is increasing in prevalence with failure of public health interventions to achieve significant decrease. Future research efforts should focus on interprofessional care and discovering effective interventions for health optimization. © 2023 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Genipin Attenuates Diabetic Cognitive Impairment by Reducing Lipid Accumulation and Promoting Mitochondrial Fusion via FABP4/Mfn1 Signaling in Microglia; The present study was conducted to evaluate the effect of genipin (GEN) on the microglia of diabetic cognitive impairment and explore its potential mechanism. Diabetic mice were induced by STZ/HFD, while GEN was intragastrically and intraventricularly treated. The human microglia cell HMC3 was induced by LPS/HG/PA. As a result, GEN attenuated diabetic symptoms and diabetic cognitive impairment-related behavior in novel object recognition, Morris water maze and passive avoidance tests. GEN inhibited M1 microglia polarization, lipid accumulation, oxidative stress and promoted mitochondrial fusion via FABP4/Mfn1. FABP4 overexpression, Mfn1 overexpression, selective FABP4 inhibitor BMS, and Mfn1 SiRNA were employed for investigating the mechanism. The inhibitory effect of GEN on ROS may be associated with NOX2 signaling and the translocation of p47phox/p67phox to the cell membrane. With the ROS scavenger NAC, it was proved that ROS participated in GEN-mediated inflammation and lipid accumulation. GEN inhibited the phosphorylation and nucleus translocation of NF-κB. GEN inhibited the ubiquitination of Mfn1, which was mediated by the E3 ligase Hrd1. GEN also enhanced microglia phagocytosis. Molecular docking predicted that GEN may interact with FABP4 by hydrogen bond at the S53 and R78 residues. In conclusion, GEN attenuated diabetic cognitive impairment by inhibiting inflammation, lipid accumulation and promoting mitochondrial fusion via FABP4/Mfn1 signaling. © 2022 by the authors.
Maternal obesity and resistance to breast cancer treatments among offspring: Link to gut dysbiosis; Background: About 50 000 new cases of cancer in the United States are attributed to obesity. The adverse effects of obesity on breast cancer may be most profound when affecting the early development; that is, in the womb of a pregnant obese mother. Maternal obesity has several long-lasting adverse health effects on the offspring, including increasing offspring's breast cancer risk and mortality. Gut microbiota is a player in obesity as well as may impact breast carcinogenesis. Gut microbiota is established early in life and the microbial composition of an infant's gut becomes permanently dysregulated because of maternal obesity. Metabolites from the microbiota, especially short chain fatty acids (SCFAs), play a critical role in mediating the effect of gut bacteria on multiple biological functions, such as immune system, including tumor immune responses. Recent Findings: Maternal obesity can pre-program daughter's breast cancer to be more aggressive, less responsive to treatments and consequently more likely to cause breast cancer related death. Maternal obesity may also induce poor response to immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICB) therapy through increased abundance of inflammation associated microbiome and decreased abundance of bacteria that are linked to production of SCFAs. Dietary interventions that increase the abundance of bacteria producing SCFAs potentially reverses offspring's resistance to breast cancer therapy. Conclusion: Since immunotherapies have emerged as highly effective treatments for many cancers, albeit there is an urgent need to enlarge the patient population who will be responsive to these treatments. One of the factors which may cause ICB refractoriness could be maternal obesity, based on its effects on the microbiota markers of ICB therapy response among the offspring. Since about 40% of children are born to obese mothers in the Western societies, it is important to determine if maternal obesity impairs offspring's response to cancer immunotherapies. © 2022 The Authors. Cancer Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Antidiabetic Properties of Chitosan and Its Derivatives; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disorder. In addition to taking medication, adjusting the composition of the diet is also considered one of the effective methods to control the levels of blood glucose. Chitosan and its derivatives are natural and versatile biomaterials with health benefits. Chitosan has the potential to alleviate diabetic hyperglycemia by reducing hepatic gluconeogenesis and increasing skeletal muscle glucose uptake and utility. Scientists also focus on the glucose-lowering effect of chitosan oligosaccharide (COS). COS supplementation has the potential to alleviate abnormal glucose metabolism in diabetic rats by inhibiting gluconeogenesis and lipid peroxidation in the liver. Both high and low molecular weight chitosan feeding reduced insulin resistance by inhibiting lipid accumulation in the liver and adipose tissue and ameliorating chronic inflammation in diabetic rats. COS can reduce insulin resistance but has less ability to reduce hepatic lipids in diabetic rats. A clinical trial showed that a 3-month administration of chitosan increased insulin sensitivity and decreased body weight and triglycerides in obese patients. Chitosan and COS are considered Generally Recognized as Safe; however, they are still considered to be of safety concerns. This review highlights recent advances of chitosan and its derivatives in the glucose-lowering/antidiabetic effects and the safety. © 2022 by the authors.
The association of serum total bile acid with new-onset hypertension during pregnancy; Background: There has been considerable interest in the interrelationship between the liver and hypertension. The relationship between serum total bile acid (TBA) and hypertension has been reported. Moreover, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy was correlated to gestation hypertension. However, the association between maternal serum TBA level in the normal range and new-onset hypertension disorders during pregnancy remains unclear. The present study aimed to evaluate the relationship between maternal serum TBA level in the normal range and the risk, disease severity and adverse pregnancy outcomes of new-onset hypertension during pregnancy. Method: Using the electronic medical records on all pregnant women from the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, between 2014 and 2020, we conducted a retrospective cohort study of 2581 singleton pregnant women with maternal serum TBA levels in the normal range. Patients were grouped into the non-hypertension during pregnancy (1071), gestational hypertension (480) and preeclampsia (1030) groups. Result: We found that maternal serum TBA levels were significantly higher in the preeclampsia and gestational hypertension groups than in the non-hypertension group (p < 0.01). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that TBA level was independently and significantly associated with preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (odds ratio: 1.37, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.27–1.48, p = 0.001, odds ratio: 1.34, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.24–1.46, p = 0.005, respectively). Moreover, elevated TBA level was positively associated with the risk of severe PE and negatively with mild PE (p < 0.01). In addition, maternal serum TBA levels were negatively related to birth weight (p < 0.001). Conclusions: These results suggest that maternal serum TBA in the normal range also might be a valuable biomarker for disease severity in preeclampsia and gestational hypertension. Additionally, our results also indicate associations of serum total bile acid levels in the normal range with an increased risk of fetal growth restriction and low birth weight among offspring. These results suggest that TBA could serve as a prognostic biomarker for new-onset hypertension during pregnancy. © 2022, The Author(s).
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of garlic in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: We aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analyses to examine the therapeutic effect of garlic on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: We searched PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Embase databases for retrieving articles investigating the impact of garlic on NAFLD patients. The comprehensive meta-analysis software version 2.0 was used for statistical analysis. The standardized mean difference with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was reported and the effect size was calculated. Results: A preliminary search yielded a total of 293 articles. After screening articles based on inclusion criteria, four articles were included in the final analyses. This systematic review included 186 patients with NAFLD. The result of the meta-analysis showed significant differences between the garlic and placebo groups regarding changes in alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglyceride, and fasting blood sugar. Moreover, the probability of a decrease in hepatic steatosis was 2.75 times lower in the garlic group compared with the placebo group (RR [95% CI]: 2.75 [1.79, 4.23], p-value<0.001). Conclusion: This meta-analysis demonstrates that garlic supplementation had a positive effect on hepatic steatosis, liver enzyme levels, and metabolic profile of patients with NAFLD. However, considering the potential limitation of the included studies, more high-quality clinical trials are needed. © 2022, Indian Society of Gastroenterology.
Modulation of Milk and Lipid Synthesis and Secretion in a3-Dimensional Mouse Mammary Epithelial Cell Culture Model: Effects of Palmitate and Orlistat; Human milk synthesis is impacted by maternal diet, serum composition, and substrate uptake and synthesis by mammary epithelial cells (MECs). The milk of obese/high-fat-diet women has an increased fat content, which promote excess infant weight gain and the risk of childhood/adult obesity. Yet, the knowledge of milk synthesis regulation is limited, and there are no established approaches to modulate human milk composition. We established a 3-dimensional mouse MEC primary culture that recreates the milk production pathway and tested the effects of the major saturated fatty acid in human milk (palmitate) and a lipoprotein lipase inhibitor (orlistat) on triglyceride production. Positive immunostaining confirmed the presence of milk protein and intracellular lipid including milk globules in the cytoplasm and extracellular space. The treatment with palmitate activated “milk” production by MECs (β-casein) and the lipid pathway (as evident by increased protein and mRNA expression). Consistent with these cellular changes, there was increased secretion of milk protein and triglyceride in MEC “milk”. The treatment with orlistat suppressed milk triglyceride production. Palmitate increased milk and lipid synthesis, partly via lipoprotein lipase activation. These findings demonstrate the ability to examine MEC pathways of milk production via both protein and mRNA and to modulate select pathways regulating milk composition in MEC culture. © 2022 by the authors.
Sex-specific effects of maternal metformin intervention during glucose-intolerant obese pregnancy on body composition and metabolic health in aged mouse offspring; Aims/hypothesis: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregnancies complicated by pregestational type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome but data regarding long-term offspring outcome are lacking in both human studies and animal models. Using a mouse model, this study investigated the effects of maternal metformin intervention during obese glucose-intolerant pregnancy on adiposity, hepatic steatosis and markers of metabolic health of male and female offspring up to the age of 12 months. Methods: C57BL/6J female mice were weaned onto either a control diet (Con) or, to induce pre-conception obesity, an obesogenic diet (Ob). The respective diets were maintained throughout pregnancy and lactation. These obese dams were then randomised to the untreated group or to receive 300 mg/kg oral metformin hydrochloride treatment (Ob-Met) daily during pregnancy. In male and female offspring, body weights and body composition were measured from 1 month until 12 months of age, when serum and tissues were collected for investigation of adipocyte cellularity (histology), adipose tissue inflammation (histology and quantitative RT-PCR), and hepatic steatosis and fibrosis (histochemistry and modified Folch assay). Results: At 12 months of age, male Ob and Ob-Met offspring showed increased adiposity, adipocyte hypertrophy, elevated expression of proinflammatory genes, hyperleptinaemia and hepatic lipid accumulation compared with Con offspring. Male Ob-Met offspring failed to show hyperplasia between 8 weeks and 12 months, indicative of restricted adipose tissue expansion, resulting in increased immune cell infiltration and ectopic lipid deposition. Female Ob offspring were relatively protected from these phenotypes but Ob-Met female offspring showed increased adiposity, adipose tissue inflammation, hepatic lipid accumulation, hyperleptinaemia and hyperinsulinaemia compared with Con female offspring. Conclusions/interpretation: Maternal metformin treatment of obese dams increased offspring metabolic risk factors in a sex- and age-dependent manner. These observations highlight the importance of following up offspring of both sexes beyond early adulthood after interventions during pregnancy. Our findings illustrate the complexity of balancing short-term benefits to mother and child vs any potential long-term metabolic effects on the offspring when prescribing therapeutic agents that cross the placenta. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2022, The Author(s).
Probiotic Incorporation into Yogurt and Various Novel Yogurt-Based Products; Probiotics are commonly added to yogurt to provide many health benefits for the consumer. A description is provided for some commonly used probiotics in yogurt. A GRAS (generally recognized as safe) list of probiotic bacteria that can be added to yogurt or similar types of products is provided. Additionally, prebiotics, synbiotics (combination of prebiotics and probiotics), postbiotics, paraprobiotics, and psychobiotics can be added to yogurt. Probiotic yogurt can come in various forms in addition to spoonable yogurt, and yogurt can be used as an ingredient in other food products. Many useful functional ingredients can be applied to probiotic yogurt. The safety of probiotics must be addressed, especially for critically ill patients and other susceptible populations. Probiotics must survive within yogurt throughout its entire shelf-life and within the gastrointestinal tract after consumption by the consumer to provide health benefits, and many techniques can be used to maintain survival of probiotics in yogurt. Furthermore, probiotics can be added to Greek yogurt acid whey. Many opportunities exist for adding a wide variety of probiotics to a wide variety of yogurt-based products. © 2022 by the authors.
The preventive effect of mussel oil on gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose diet; The present study aimed to investigate the preventive effect of mussel oil (MO) on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose (HFHS) diet. Pregnant mice were allocated to four groups: normal diet + corn oil (CO), HFHS + CO, HFHS + fish oil (FO), and HFHS + MO. The total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in MO (51.30%) and FO (48.25%) were comparable (mainly C22:6n-3 and C20:5n-3). HFHS + MO and HHFS + FO had a significantly lower area under the curve (AUC) for the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) than the HFHS + CO group. The HFHS + MO group but not HFHS + FO group had a significantly lower AUC for the insulin tolerance test (ITT) than the HFHS + CO group. The HFHS + MO group had significantly lower homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fasting serum insulin than the HHFS + FO and HFHS + CO groups. Liver sphingosine kinase 1 (SphK1) was significantly higher, while SphK2, Akt, and P-Akt were significantly lower in the HFHS + CO group compared with the normal diet + CO group. The HFHS + MO group but not the HFHS + FO group had significantly higher SphK2, Akt, and P-Akt than the HFHS + CO group. SphK2 had a strong negative correlation with the AUC for the OGTT (r = −0.759, p = 0.001) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) (r = −0.637; p = 0.008), fasting serum insulin (r = −0.594, p = 0.015), fasting blood glucose (r = −0.587, p = 0.017) and HOMA-IR (r = −0.629, p = 0.009) and a strong positive correlation with Akt (r = 0.594, p = 0.015) and P-Akt (r = 0.676, p = 0.004). In conclusion, mussel oil improved glucose intolerance and insulin resistance during mice pregnancy, which was superior to the effects of fish oil. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Hyperglycemia in Pregnancy and Women’s Health in the 21st Century; Hyperglycemia is the commonest medical condition affecting pregnancy and its incidence is increasing globally in parallel with the twin epidemics of diabetes and obesity. Both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes are associated with short term pregnancy complications, with the risk of immediate complications generally broadly rising with more severe hyperglycemia. In this article we firstly consider these risks and their optimal management during pregnancy and then broaden our scope to consider the long-term implications of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as it relates to overall maternal and offspring health in a life course perspective. © 2022 by the authors.
Circulating endocannabinoid levels in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a case–control study; Background: The role of the Endocannabinoids (ECs) in insulin resistance, and their association with visceral obesity and metabolic profile have been studied extensively. Since the association between ECs and metabolic factors in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) are not clear, we aimed to evaluate the levels of N-Arachidonoylethanolamide (AEA) and 2-Arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) and their association with C-reactive protein (CRP), glycemic indices, blood pressure, and anthropometric indices in pregnant women with GDM. Methods: The present case–control study was conducted among 96 singleton pregnant women aged 18–40 years, including 48 healthy pregnant women (control group) and 48 women with a positive diagnosis of GDM (case group). Odds Ratios (ORs) and 95% Confidence Intervals (CIs) for GDM were checked according to endocannabinoids and anthropometric indices using Multivariable Logistic Regression. Results: AEA was significantly associated with increased risk of GDM in models 1, 2 and 3 (OR = 1.22, 95% CI: 1.06–1.41; OR = 1.54, 95% CI: 1.19–1.97; OR = 1.46, 95% CI:1.11–1.91). A positive but no significant association was found for AEA in model 4 (OR = 1.38,95% CI: 0.99–1.92). Similar to AEA, 2-AG was also positively associated with the likelihood of GDM in Models 1, 2, and 3 but the association attenuated to null in model 4 (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 0.94- 1.65). Conclusions: Our findings showed that levels of ECs were significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM compared to healthy ones. Also, ECs levels were associated with the likelihood of GDM, independent of BMI and weight gain. © 2022, The Author(s).
NHHR: An Important Independent Risk Factor for Patients with STEMI; Background: In this study, we investigated whether the ratio of non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (NHHR) is associated with the development of acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Methods: 889 STEMI patients who had not previously received lipid-lowering therapy were selected as the test group and 120 patients with less than 50% coronary stenosis were selected as the control group. All patients completed the related blood tests the morning after admission, and Gensini scores were based on coronary angiography results. The differences were compared using a t-test, rank sum test, chi-square test and logistic regression analysis. Linear regression analysis was used to study the correlation between variables. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves were used to validate the predictive value of NHHR for STEMI. Results: NHHR was shown to be a significant independent risk factor for STEMI according to binary logistic regression analysis (OR = 0.163, 95% CI: 0.065–0.411, p < 0.05). There were shown to be differences in the NHHR depending on the gender of the STEMI patients (z = –1.663, p < 0.1). Linear regression analysis revealed a stronger correlation between NHHR and Gensini score (r = 0.394, p < 0.05) in the test group. Finally, we demonstrated that NHHR has a good predictive effect on STEMI, using an ROC curve (Area Under Curve (AUC): 0.818, 95% CI: 0.777–0.859, p < 0.05). Conclusions: NHHR is a good predictor of coronary artery disease severity in STEMI patients and an important independent risk factor for STEMI, especially for patients who have not received lipid-lowering treatment in the past, and male STEMI patients need more stringent lipids management than female STEMI patients. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by IMR Press. This is an open access article under the CC BY 4.0 license.
Hypomagnesemia and the Metabolic Syndrome among Apparently Healthy Kuwaiti Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study; Magnesium plays a key role in metabolic disorder development, and hypomagnesemia may be implicated in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components. In this cross-sectional study, we investigated the associations between hypomagnesemia, MetS, and MetS components among 231 adults (193 women and 38 men) living in Kuwait who were apparently healthy without chronic diseases. We used the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and the United States National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) criteria to define participants with MetS. The Ministry of Health cutoff for hypomagnesemia (<0.74 mmol/L) was employed. IDF- and ATP III-defined MetS prevalence was 22.1% and 15.2%, respectively. Hypomagnesemia occurred in 33.3% of all participants and 53.2% of participants with MetS (p < 0.001). Magnesemia correlated negatively with body mass index, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure [SBP], diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting blood glucose (FBG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, and triglyceride level; magnesemia correlated positively with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels (p < 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression, adjusting for BMI, age, and sex, showed that hypomagnesemia was associated with a 12- and 5-fold greater odds of getting IDF-defined (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 11.70; 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.87–28.14) and ATP-defined (aOR 5.44; 95% CI 2.10–14.10) MetS, respectively, in the study population. Hypomagnesemia was significantly associated with a 3.62, 9.29, 7.01, 2.88, 3.64, and 3.27 higher odds of an increased waist circumference (95% CI 1.48–8.85), elevated serum triglyceride level (95% CI 3.97–21.73), elevated FBG (95% CI 3.25–15.11), elevated SBP (95% CI 1.16–7.11), elevated DBP (95% CI: 1.22–10.89), and lowered HDL-C level (95% CI 1.69–6.32), respectively. Hypomagnesemia could be a consequence of the pathophysiology of MetS and its individual components among adults in Kuwait. © 2022 by the authors.
The Role of Adipokines in Inflammatory Mechanisms of Obesity; Adipokines are currently widely studied cellular signaling proteins produced by adipose tissue and involved in various processes, including inflammation; energy and appetite modulation; lipid and glucose metabolism; insulin sensitivity; endothelial cell functioning; angiogenesis; the regulation of blood pressure; and hemostasis. The current review attempted to highlight the key functions of adipokines in the inflammatory mechanisms of obesity, its complications, and its associated diseases. An extensive search for materials on the role of adipokines in the pathogenesis of obesity was conducted online using the PubMed and Scopus databases until October 2022. © 2022 by the authors.
Factors associated with duration of breastfeeding in women giving birth for the first time; Objective: To examine maternal, psychosocial, and pregnancy factors associated with breastfeeding for at least 6 months in those giving birth for the first time. Methods: We performed a planned secondary analysis of an observational cohort study of 5249 women giving birth for the first time. Women were contacted at least 6 months after delivery and provided information regarding breastfeeding initiation, duration, and exclusivity. Maternal demographics, psychosocial measures, and delivery methods were compared by breastfeeding groups. Results: 4712 (89.8%) of the women breastfed at some point, with 2739 (58.2%) breastfeeding for at least 6 months. Of those who breastfed, 1161 (24.7% of the entire cohort), breastfed exclusively for at least 6 months. In the multivariable model among those who ever breastfed, not smoking in the month prior to delivery (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.04, 95%CI 1.19–3.45), having a Master’s degree of higher (aOR 1.89, 95%CI 1.51–2.36), having a planned pregnancy (aOR 1.48, 95%CI 1.27–1.73), older age (aOR 1.02, 95% CI, 1.01–1.04), lower BMI (aOR 0.96 95% CI 0.95–0.97), and having less anxiety measured during pregnancy (aOR 0.990, 95%CI 0.983–0.998) were associated with breastfeeding for at least 6 months. Compared to non-Hispanic White women, Hispanic women, while being more likely to breastfeed initially (aOR 1.40, 95%CI 1.02–1.92), were less likely to breastfeed for 6 months (aOR 0.72, 95%CI 0.59–0.88). While non-Hispanic Black women were less likely than non-Hispanic White women to initiate breastfeeding (aOR 0.68, 95%CI 0.51–0.90), the odds of non-Hispanic Black women of continuing to breastfeed for at least 6 months was similar to non-Hispanic White women (aOR 0.92, 95%CI 0.71–1.19). Conclusions: In this cohort of women giving birth for the first time, duration of breastfeeding was associated with several characteristics which highlight groups at greater risk of not breastfeeding as long as currently recommended. Trial registration: NCT01322529 (nuMoM2b) and NCT02231398 (nuMoM2b-Heart Health). © 2022, The Author(s).
Omnifarious fruit polyphenols: an omnipotent strategy to prevent and intervene diabetes and related complication?; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic syndrome which cannot be cured. Recently, considerable interest has been focused on food ingredients to prevent and intervene in complications of diabetes. Polyphenolic compounds are one of the bioactive phytochemical constituents with various biological activities, which have drawn increasing interest in human health. Fruits are part of the polyphenol sources in daily food consumption. Fruit-derived polyphenols possess the anti-diabetic activity that has already been proved either from in vitro studies or in vivo studies. The mechanisms of fruit polyphenols in treating diabetes and related complications are under discussion. This is a comprehensive review on polyphenols from the edible parts of fruits, including those from citrus, berries, apples, cherries, mangoes, mangosteens, pomegranates, and other fruits regarding their potential benefits in preventing and treating diabetes mellitus. The signal pathways of characteristic polyphenols derived from fruits in reducing high blood glucose and intervening hyperglycemia-induced diabetic complications were summarized. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Multifaceted role of synbiotics as nutraceuticals, therapeutics and carrier for drug delivery; Synbiotics, are a combination of probiotics and prebiotics. They play an important role in metabolizing different nutritional substrates and thus helps in the maintenance of human health. Any disbalance in the gut microflora, known as dysbiosis, is known to lead to a number of diseased conditions. It can be reverted by the administration of synbiotics. Present review highlights various mechanistic pathways through which synbiotics act as therapeutics. The dual role of synbiotics as nutraceutical and excipient in developing oral formulations are entailed with case studies. The findings entailed that there exist numerous studies on prebiotics as well as probiotics have been carried out to show their effects in several diseases. However, the concept of combining together them for prevention and treatment of various pathological conditions accruing from dysbiosis is relatively new. Synbiotics, however, face challenge of low stability during their sojourn in the GIT, which is generally overcome by various encapsulation techniques. Various studies also showed potential role of synbiotics in drug delivery. However, it is an emerging area and lacks clinical correlation. It is important to focus on clinical trials of formulations wherein synbiotics have been used as therapeutic moiety as well as pharmaceutical carrier for treating various diseases. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Long Noncoding RNAs in the Pathogenesis of Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance (IR), designated as the blunted response of insulin target tissues to physiological level of insulin, plays crucial roles in the development and progression of diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and other diseases. So far, the distinct mechanism(s) of IR still needs further exploration. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) is a class of non-protein coding RNA molecules with a length greater than 200 nucleotides. LncRNAs are widely involved in many biological processes including cell differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and metabolism. More recently, there has been increasing evidence that lncRNAs participated in the pathogenesis of IR, and the dysregulated lncRNA profile played important roles in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases including obesity, diabetes and NAFLD. For example, the lncRNAs MEG3, H19, MALAT1, GAS5, lncSHGL and several other lncRNAs have been shown to regulate insulin signaling and glucose/lipid metabolism in various tissues. In this review, we briefly introduced the general features of lncRNA and the methods for lncRNA research, and then summarized and discussed the recent advances on the roles and mechanisms of lncRNAs in IR, particularly focused on liver, skeletal muscle and adipose tissues. © 2022 by the authors.
The role of iron metabolism in chronic diseases related to obesity; Obesity is one of the major public health problems threatening the world, as well as a potential risk factor for chronic metabolic diseases. There is growing evidence that iron metabolism is altered in obese people, however, the highly refined regulation of iron metabolism in obesity and obesity-related complications is still being investigated. Iron accumulation can affect the body’s sensitivity to insulin, Type 2 diabetes, liver disease and cardiovascular disease. This review summarized the changes and potential mechanisms of iron metabolism in several chronic diseases related to obesity, providing new clues for future research. © 2022, The Author(s).
Abdominal obesity increases metabolic risk factors in obese versus non-obese adults in Karbala; Obesity is a global phenomenon that causes a slew of health issues, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Methods: This research was carried out at Karbala's Al-Hussein general teaching hospital. The samples were collected between the months of August 2020 and March 2021. The Case-control study included 80 obese patients and 28 healthy people from the obesity clinic at the hospital in question. A total of 31 males and 49 females were infected with metabolic syndrome. The patients' ages ranged from 31 to 65 years old. The requirements for working were established. Those who met at least three of the Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) metabolic syndrome requirements were assigned to a category. Serum levels of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and insulin were measured. Results The findings indicate a substantial decrease in serum levels of atrial natriuretic peptide hormone in obese and non-obese patients as compared to controls in both sexes (P value 0.05). Mean levels of ANP showed a significant difference between patients with Mets morbidly obesity (28.714.50) mg/dl and safe subjects (58.722.51) mg/dl. There is a strong negative association between the atrial natriuretic peptide test and total serum glucose levels. Conclusions Diabetes is linked to lower natriuretic peptide levels in both non obese and obese people. These results suggest that low levels of ANP could be a symptom of obesity, with potential pathophysiological implications.  © 2022 Author(s).
Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus strain TCI904 reduces body weight gain, modulates immune response, improves metabolism and anxiety in high fat diet-induced obese mice; The multiple probiotic characteristics of strain TCI904 isolated in this study from natural fermented milk were investigated using a mouse model. TCI904 was identified as Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricu (LDB), a well-known lactic acid starter bacterium found in yogurt. TCI904 exhibited an outstanding pancreatic lipase inhibition activity among several strains of lactic acid bacteria in vitro. Its in vivo effects were further studied. In a comparison of mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD) and those fed a HFD combined with TCI904 for 9 weeks, differences were observed in various aspects of health, and the adverse effects of a HFD were prevented in the latter group. TCI904 effectively prevented fat and body weight accumulation without reducing food intake; it also modulated innate immunity and increased the level of IgA in feces, reversing the increased blood sugar and insulin levels and attenuated the hyperlipidemia caused by a HFD. Based on biochemical test data, compared with the HFD group, a HFD combined with TCI904 induced significant lowering of insulin resistance indicator, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and atherogenic indices of plasma (AIP), the atherogenic coefficient (AC) and cardiac risk ratio (CRR) and increased the cardioprotective index (CPI). In addition, the administration of TCI904 alleviated mood disorders caused by a HFD. Taking the recommended human dose of TCI904 did not affect the liver or kidney function, indicating that TCI904 has sufficient in vivo safety. Taken together, the results of the present study contributed towards validation of the probiotic benefits of lactic acid starter microflora. Orally taken TCI904 exhibited positive immune- and metabolic-modulating, and anxiolytic properties, especially in HFD-induced obesity. © 2022, The Author(s).
Metabolic effects of long-term cadmium exposure: an overview; Cadmium (Cd) is a toxic non-essential heavy metal. Chronic low Cd exposure (CLCE) has been associated with distinct pathologies in many organ systems, including liver and kidney damage, osteoporosis, carcinogenicity, or reproductive toxicity. Currently, about 10% of the global population is at risk of CLCE. It is urgent to find robust and effective biomarkers for early diagnosis of Cd exposure and treatment. Metabolomics is a high-throughput method based on mass spectrometry to study the dynamic changes in a series of endogenous small molecular metabolites (typically < 1000 Da) of tissues, cells, or biofluids. It can reflect the rich and complex biochemical changes in the body after exposure to heavy metals, which may be useful in screening biomarkers to monitor exposure to environmental pollutants and/or predict disease risk. Therefore, this review focuses on the changes in metabolic profiles of humans and rodents under long-term Cd exposure from the perspective of metabolomics. Furthermore, the relationship between the disturbance of metabolic pathways and the toxic mechanism of Cd is discussed. All these information will facilitate the development of reliable metabolic biomarkers for early detection and diagnosis of Cd-related diseases. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Assessing the potential of repurposing ion channel inhibitors to treat emerging viral diseases and the role of this host factor in virus replication; As diseases caused by new and emerging viruses continue to be a major threat to humans and animals worldwide the need for new therapeutic options intensifies. A wide variety of viruses including Influenza A virus, Human immunodeficiency virus, Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus require ion channels for efficient replication. Thus, targeting host ion channels may serve as an effective means to attenuate virus replication and help treat viral diseases. Targeting host ion channels is an attractive therapeutic option because a range of ion channel-blocking compounds already exist for the treatment of other human diseases and some of these possess in vitro and sometimes in vivo antiviral activity. Therefore, identifying the specific ion channels involved in replicative cycles could provide opportunities to repurpose these ion channel inhibitors for treating viral diseases. Furthermore, optimised methodologies for identifying effective ion channel targeting drugs and their mechanisms of action could enable rapid responses to newly emerged viruses. This review discusses the potential of ion channels as suitable drug targets to treat diseases caused by viruses by describing known ion channel targeting drugs including their antiviral activity; by summarising prior research demonstrating the requirement for host ion channels for efficient replication of some viruses; and by hypothesising about the role these drugs might play in our ongoing fight against viral diseases. © 2022
Cross-Generational Impact of Innate Immune Memory Following Pregnancy Complications; Pregnancy complications can have long-term negative effects on the health of the affected mothers and their children. In this review, we highlight the underlying inflammatory etiologies of common pregnancy complications and discuss how aberrant inflammation may lead to the acquisition of innate immune memory. The latter can be described as a functional epigenetic reprogramming of innate immune cells following an initial exposure to an inflammatory stimulus, ultimately resulting in an altered response following re-exposure to a similar inflammatory stimulus. We propose that aberrant maternal inflammation associated with complications of pregnancy increases the cross-generational risk of developing noncommunicable diseases (i.e., pregnancy complications, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic disease) through a process mediated by innate immune memory. Elucidating a role for innate immune memory in the cross-generational health consequences of pregnancy complications may lead to the development of novel strategies aimed at reducing the long-term risk of disease. © 2022 by the authors.
Expression and localization of NRF2/Keap1 signalling pathway genes in mouse preimplantation embryos exposed to free fatty acids; Obese women experience greater incidence of infertility, with reproductive tracts exposing preimplantation embryos to elevated free fatty acids (FFA) such as palmitic acid (PA) and oleic acid (OA). PA treatment impairs mouse preimplantation development in vitro, while OA co-treatment rescues blastocyst development of PA treated embryos. In the present study, we investigated the effects of PA and OA treatment on NRF2/Keap1 localization, and relative antioxidant enzyme (Glutathione peroxidase; Gpx1, Catalase; Cat, Superoxide dismutase; Sod1 and γ-Glutamylcysteine ligase catalytic unit; Gclc) mRNA levels, during in vitro mouse preimplantation embryo development. Female mice were superovulated, mated, and embryos cultured in the presence of bovine Serum albumin (BSA) control or PA, or OA, alone (each at 100 μM) or PA + OA combined (each at 100 μM) treatment. NRF2 displayed nuclear localization at all developmental stages, whereas Keap1 primarily displayed cytoplasmic localization throughout control mouse preimplantation development in vitro. Relative transcript levels of Nrf2, Keap1, and downstream antioxidants significantly increased throughout control mouse preimplantation development in vitro. PA treatment significantly decreased blastocyst development and the levels of nuclear NRF2, while OA and PA + OA treatments did not. PA and OA treatments did not impact relative mRNA levels of Nrf2, Keap1, Gpx1, Cat, Sod1 or Gclc. Our outcomes demonstrate that cultured mouse embryos display nuclear NRF2, but that PA treatment reduces nuclear NRF2 and thus likely impacts NRF2/KEAP1 stress response mechanisms. Further studies should investigate whether free fatty acid effects on NRF2/KEAP1 contribute to the reduced fertility displayed by obese patients. © 2022 The Authors
Development of early prediction model for pregnancy-associated hypertension with graph-based semi-supervised learning; Clinical guidelines recommend several risk factors to identify women in early pregnancy at high risk of developing pregnancy-associated hypertension. However, these variables result in low predictive accuracy. Here, we developed a prediction model for pregnancy-associated hypertension using graph-based semi-supervised learning. This is a secondary analysis of a prospective study of healthy pregnant women. To develop the prediction model, we compared the prediction performances across five machine learning methods (semi-supervised learning with both labeled and unlabeled data, semi-supervised learning with labeled data only, logistic regression, support vector machine, and random forest) using three different variable sets: [a] variables from clinical guidelines, [b] selected important variables from the feature selection, and [c] all routine variables. Additionally, the proposed prediction model was compared with placental growth factor, a predictive biomarker for pregnancy-associated hypertension. The study population consisted of 1404 women, including 1347 women with complete follow-up (labeled data) and 57 women with incomplete follow-up (unlabeled data). Among the 1347 with complete follow-up, 2.4% (33/1347) developed pregnancy-associated HTN. Graph-based semi-supervised learning using top 11 variables achieved the best average prediction performance (mean area under the curve (AUC) of 0.89 in training set and 0.81 in test set), with higher sensitivity (72.7% vs 45.5% in test set) and similar specificity (80.0% vs 80.5% in test set) compared to risk factors from clinical guidelines. In addition, our proposed model with graph-based SSL had a higher performance than that of placental growth factor for total study population (AUC, 0.71 vs. 0.80, p < 0.001). In conclusion, we could accurately predict the development pregnancy-associated hypertension in early pregnancy through the use of routine clinical variables with the help of graph-based SSL. © 2022, The Author(s).
Regulation of reactive oxygen species by phytochemicals for the management of cancer and diabetes; Cancer and diabetes mellitus are served as typical life-threatening diseases with common risk factors. Developing therapeutic measures in cancers and diabetes have aroused attention for a long time. However, the problems with conventional treatments are in challenge, including side effects, economic burdens, and patient compliance. It is essential to secure safe and efficient therapeutic methods to overcome these issues. As an alternative method, antioxidant and pro-oxidant properties of phytochemicals from edible plants have come to the fore. Phytochemicals are naturally occurring compounds, considered promising agent applicable in treatment of various diseases with beneficial effects. Either antioxidative or pro-oxidative activity of various phytochemicals were found to contribute to regulation of cell proliferation, differentiation, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis, which can exert preventive and therapeutic effects against cancer and diabetes. In this article, the antioxidant or pro-oxidant effects and underlying mechanisms of flavonoids, alkaloids, and saponins in cancer or diabetic models demonstrated by the recent studies are summarized. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Interactive effects of ambient air pollution and sunshine duration on the risk of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Introduction: While the associations among ambient pollutants and various pregnancy complications are well documented, the effect of ambient pollutants on intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) has not been examined. This study aimed to explore the effects of ambient pollutants and sunshine duration on ICP. Methods: The study enrolled 169,971 pregnant women who delivered between 2015 and 2020 in two hospitals. The associations between ICP and exposure to ambient pollutants and sunshine duration, averaged throughout different periods (including the 3 months before conception, 1st trimester and 2nd trimester), were estimated using a generalized linear model. The interaction effects of ambient pollutants and sunshine duration on ICP were estimated. Results: The fitted curves for ICP incidence were similar to the temporal trends of PM2.5, PM10, SO2, CO and NO2 but not that of O3. The risk of ICP was significantly elevated following a 10-μg/m3 increase in PM2.5 (aOR [adjusted odds ratio] = 1.057, 95% CI [confidence interval]: 1.017–1.099) and PM10 (aOR = 1.043, 95% CI: 1.013–1.074) and a 1-h decrease in sunshine duration (aOR = 1.039, 95% CI: 1.011–1.068) during the 3 months before conception. In the second trimester, a 1-μg/m3 increase in the concentration of SO2 was associated with an increased risk of ICP (aOR = 1.011, 95% CI: 1.001–1.021). Increased concentrations of PM2.5 and PM10 had interactive effects with reduced sunshine duration during the 3 months before conception on increasing the risk of ICP. Conclusions: Exposure to PM2.5 and PM10 during the 3 months before conception and exposure to SO2 in the second trimester were associated with an increased ICP risk. Reduced sunshine duration had an interactive effect with increased concentrations of PM2.5 and PM10 during the 3 months before conception on the occurrence of ICP. © 2022 The Authors
Protective effect of antioxidants on cardiac function in adult offspring exposed to prenatal overnutrition; Maternal overnutrition-induced fetal programming predisposes offspring to cardiovascular health issues throughout life. Understanding how these adverse cardiovascular effects are regulated at the maternal-fetal crosstalk will provide insight into the mechanisms of these cardiovascular diseases, which will help in further identifying potential targets for intervention. Here, we uncover a role of oxidative stress caused by prenatal overnutrition in governing cardiac damage. Mice exposed to maternal obesity showed remarkable pathological cardiomyocyte hypertrophy (p male < 0.001, Cohen's d male = 1.77; p female < 0.001, Cohen's d female = 1.94), increased collagen content (p male < 0.001, Cohen's d male = 2.13; p female < 0.001, Cohen's d female = 2.71), and increased levels of transforming growth factor β (TGF-β) (p male < 0.001, Cohen's d male = 3.02; p female < 0.001, Cohen's d female = 4.52), as well as left ventricular dysfunction in adulthood. To cope with increased oxidative stress in the myocardial tissue of offspring from obese mothers, we sought to decrease the effect of oxidative stress and prevent the development of these cardiovascular conditions with use of the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine during pregnancy. As predicted, after treatment with the antioxidant, there was greatly mitigated cardiomyocyte hypertrophy (p male < 0.001, Cohen's d male = 1.31; p female < 0.001, Cohen's d female = 0.82) and cardiac fibrosis, including decreased composition of collagen fibers (p male < 0.01, Cohen's d male = 1.45; p female < 0.05, Cohen's d female = 1.23) and reduced levels of TGF-β (p male < 0.05, Cohen's d male = 1.83; p female < 0.01, Cohen's d female = 3.81). We also observed improved left ventricle contractile function together with the alleviation of enhanced oxidative stress in the myocardial tissue of offspring. Collectively, these results established a crucial role of oxidative stress in prenatal overnutrition-associated ventricular remodeling and cardiac dysfunction. Our findings provided an important target for intervention of cardiovascular disease in overnutrition-related fetal programming.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Cambridge University Press in association with International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
Dietary Impacts on Gestational Diabetes: Connection between Gut Microbiome and Epigenetic Mechanisms; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common obstetric complications due to an increased level of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The prevalence of GDM increases due to the obesity epidemic. GDM is also associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia resulting in elevated maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Diet is one of the most important environmental factors associated with etiology of GDM. Studies have shown that the consumption of certain bioactive diets and nutrients before and during pregnancy might have preventive effects against GDM leading to a healthy pregnancy outcome as well as beneficial metabolic outcomes later in the offspring’s life. Gut microbiome as a biological ecosystem bridges the gap between human health and diseases through diets. Maternal diets affect maternal and fetal gut microbiome and metabolomics profiles, which consequently regulate the host epigenome, thus contributing to later-life metabolic health in both mother and offspring. This review discusses the current knowledge regarding how epigenetic mechanisms mediate the interaction between maternal bioactive diets, the gut microbiome and the metabolome leading to improved metabolic health in both mother and offspring. © 2022 by the authors.
Role of Adipose Tissue microRNAs in the Onset of Metabolic Diseases and Implications in the Context of the DOHaD; The worldwide epidemic of obesity is associated with numerous comorbid conditions, including metabolic diseases such as insulin resistance and diabetes, in particular. The situation is likely to worsen, as the increase in obesity rates among children will probably lead to an earlier onset and more severe course for metabolic diseases. The origin of this earlier development of obesity may lie in both behavior (changes in nutrition, physical activity, etc.) and in children’s history, as it appears to be at least partly programmed by the fetal/neonatal environment. The concept of the developmental origin of health and diseases (DOHaD), involving both organogenesis and epigenetic mechanisms, encompasses such programming. Epigenetic mechanisms include the action of microRNAs, which seem to play an important role in adipocyte functions. Interestingly, microRNAs seem to play a particular role in propagating local insulin resistance to other key organs, thereby inducing global insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. This propagation involves the active secretion of exosomes containing microRNAs by adipocytes and adipose tissue-resident macrophages, as well as long-distance communication targeting the muscles and liver, for example. Circulating microRNAs may also be useful as biomarkers for the identification of populations at risk of subsequently developing obesity and metabolic diseases. © 2022 by the author.
Exposure to intrauterine diabetes and post-natal high-fat diet: Effects on the endocrine pancreas of adult rat female pups; Aims: To evaluate the morphological changes in the pancreatic islet cells of adult female pups born to diabetic rats and fed a high-fat diet. Main methods: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were distributed into four experimental groups (n = 10 animals/group): 1) female pups from non-diabetic dams and fed a standard diet (OC/SD), 2) female pups from non-diabetic dams and fed a high-fat (OC/HFD), 3) female pups from diabetic dams and fed a standard diet (OD/SD) and 4) female pups from diabetic dams and fed a high-fat diet (OD/HFD). In adulthood, the rats were submitted to the oral glucose tolerance test and later euthanized to collect the pancreas for the analysis of pancreatic islets. Key findings: The OC/HFD and OD/SD groups showed an increased percentage of cells immunostained for insulin and a decreased percentage and intensity of staining for somatostatin. The OD/HFD group showed an increased percentage of cells immunostained for insulin and glucagon and a higher staining intensity for glucagon. There was a progressive increase in blood glucose in the OC/HFD, OD/SD, and OD/HFD groups. Significance: The association between maternal diabetes and/or the administration of high-fat diet-induced changes in the pancreatic hormonal triad of female pups in adulthood. In turn, these changes in the pancreatic islets are not capable of causing decreased blood glucose in the offspring, contributing to the development of glucose intolerance in adulthood. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
TyGIS: improved triglyceride-glucose index for the assessment of insulin sensitivity during pregnancy; Background: The triglyceride-glucose index (TyG) has been proposed as a surrogate marker of insulin resistance, which is a typical trait of pregnancy. However, very few studies analyzed TyG performance as marker of insulin resistance in pregnancy, and they were limited to insulin resistance assessment at fasting rather than in dynamic conditions, i.e., during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which allows more reliable assessment of the actual insulin sensitivity impairment. Thus, first aim of the study was exploring in pregnancy the relationships between TyG and OGTT-derived insulin sensitivity. In addition, we developed a new version of TyG, for improved performance as marker of insulin resistance in pregnancy. Methods: At early pregnancy, a cohort of 109 women underwent assessment of maternal biometry and blood tests at fasting, for measurements of several variables (visit 1). Subsequently (26 weeks of gestation) all visit 1 analyses were repeated (visit 2), and a subgroup of women (84 selected) received a 2 h-75 g OGTT (30, 60, 90, and 120 min sampling) with measurement of blood glucose, insulin and C-peptide for reliable assessment of insulin sensitivity (PREDIM index) and insulin secretion/beta-cell function. The dataset was randomly split into 70% training set and 30% test set, and by machine learning approach we identified the optimal model, with TyG included, showing the best relationship with PREDIM. For inclusion in the model, we considered only fasting variables, in agreement with TyG definition. Results: The relationship of TyG with PREDIM was weak. Conversely, the improved TyG, called TyGIS, (linear function of TyG, body weight, lean body mass percentage and fasting insulin) resulted much strongly related to PREDIM, in both training and test sets (R2 > 0.64, p < 0.0001). Bland–Altman analysis and equivalence test confirmed the good performance of TyGIS in terms of association with PREDIM. Different further analyses confirmed TyGIS superiority over TyG. Conclusions: We developed an improved version of TyG, as new surrogate marker of insulin sensitivity in pregnancy (TyGIS). Similarly to TyG, TyGIS relies only on fasting variables, but its performances are remarkably improved than those of TyG. © 2022, The Author(s).
The interplay between the gut microbiota and metabolism during the third trimester of pregnancy; The gut microbiota undergoes dynamic changes during pregnancy. The gut microbial and metabolic networks observed in pregnant women have not been systematically analyzed. The primary purpose of this study was to explore the alterations in the gut microbiota and metabolism during late pregnancy and investigate the associations between the gut microbiota and metabolism. A total of thirty healthy pregnant women were followed from 30 to 32 weeks of gestation to full term. Fecal samples were collected for microbiome analysis and untargeted metabolomic analysis. The characteristics of the gut microbiota were evaluated by 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing of the V3-V4 regions. The plasma samples were used for untargeted metabolomic analysis with liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry. The interplay between the gut microbiota and metabolism was analyzed further by bioinformatics approaches. We found that the relative abundances of Sellimonas and Megamonas were higher at full term, whereas that of Proteobacteria was lower. The correlation network of the gut microbiota tended to exhibit weaker connections from 32 weeks of gestation to the antepartum timepoint. Changes in the gut microbiota during late pregnancy were correlated with the absorbance and metabolism of microbiota-associated metabolites, such as fatty acids and free amino acids, thereby generating a unique metabolic system for the growth of the fetus. Decreasing the concentration of specific metabolites in plasma and increasing the levels of palmitic acid and 20-hydroxyarachidonic acid may enhance the transformation of a proinflammatory immune state as pregnancy progresses. Copyright © 2022 Liang, Wang, Luo, Liao, Chen, Xiao and Li.
Higher daytime systolic BP, prepregnancy BMI and an elevated sFlt-1/PlGF ratio predict the development of hypertension in normotensive pregnant women; Background: The risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) varies in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), depending on the degree of insulin resistance and is also influenced by obesity. The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical features, blood pressure (BP) profiles and inflammatory markers, to identify patients with an elevated risk of developing HDP. Methods: A total of 146 normotensive pregnant women were studied. We analysed the relationships of BP profiles detected by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) with serum biomarkers and angiogenic factors and their association with the development of HDP. Results: Fourteen (9.6%) women developed HDP, of which 11 had GDM and 8 had obesity. Women with HDP had higher values of 24-h and daytime systolic/diastolic BP (113/69 vs. 104/64; 115/72 vs. 106/66 mmHg, respectively; p < 0.05). Higher levels of leptin (10.97 ± 0.82 vs. 10.2 ± 1.11; p = 0.018) andmonocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) (5.24 ± 0.60 vs. 4.9 ± 0.55; p = 0.044) and a higher soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1/placental growth factor (sFlt-1/PlGF) ratio (4.37 ± 2.2 vs. 2.2 ± 1.43; p = 0.003) were also observed in the HDP patients. Multivariate analysis showed that a higher sFlt-1/PlGF ratio was associated with an increased risk of developing HDP [OR = 2.02; IC 95%: 1.35–3.05]. Furthermore, higher daytime systolic BP [OR = 1.27; IC 95% 1.00–1.26] and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) [OR = 1.14; IC 95%: 1.01–1.30] significantly increased the risk of developing HDP. Conclusions: Higher daytime systolic BP values, prepregnancy BMI and the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio are useful for identifying normotensive pregnant women with an increased risk of developing HDP. © 2022, The Author(s).
Oral Administration of Branched-Chain Amino Acids Attenuates Atherosclerosis by Inhibiting the Inflammatory Response and Regulating the Gut Microbiota in ApoE-Deficient Mice; Atherosclerosis (AS) is a chronic inflammatory disease that serves as a common pathogenic underpinning for various cardiovascular diseases. Although high circulating branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) levels may represent a risk factor for AS, it is unclear whether dietary BCAA supplementation causes elevated levels of circulating BCAAs and hence influences AS, and the related mechanisms are not well understood. Here, ApoE-deficient mice (ApoE−/−) were fed a diet supplemented with or without BCAAs to investigate the effects of BCAAs on AS and determine potential related mechanisms. In this study, compared with the high-fat diet (HFD), high-fat diet supplemented with BCAAs (HFB) reduced the atherosclerotic lesion area and caused a significant decrease in serum cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. BCAA supplementation suppressed the systemic inflammatory response by reducing macrophage infiltration; lowering serum levels of inflammatory factors, including monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and interleukin-6 (IL-6); and suppressing inflammatory related signaling pathways. Furthermore, BCAA supplementation altered the gut bacterial beta diversity and composition, especially reducing harmful bacteria and increasing probiotic bacteria, along with increasing bile acid (BA) excretion. In addition, the levels of total BAs, primary BAs, 12α-hydroxylated bile acids (12α-OH BAs) and non-12α-hydroxylated bile acids (non-12α-OH BAs) in cecal and colonic contents were increased in the HFB group of mice compared with the HFD group. Overall, these data indicate that dietary BCAA supplementation can attenuate atherosclerosis induced by HFD in ApoE−/− mice through improved dyslipidemia and inflammation, mechanisms involving the intestinal microbiota, and promotion of BA excretion. © 2022 by the authors.
Gestational hypoxia in late pregnancy differentially programs subcortical brain maturation in male and female rat offspring; Background: Hypoxia is associated with pregnancy complications, such as preeclampsia, placental abruption, and gestational sleep apnea. Hypoxic insults during gestation can impact the brain maturation of cortical and subcortical pathways, such as the nigrostriatal pathway. However, the long-term effects of in utero hypoxic stress exposure on brain maturation in offspring are unclear, especially exposure during late gestation. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of gestational hypoxia in late pregnancy on developmental programming of subcortical brain maturation by focusing on the nigrostriatal pathway. Methods: Timed pregnant Long–Evans rats were exposed to chronic intermittent hypoxia or room air normoxia from gestational day (GD) 15–19 (term 22–23 days). Male and female offspring were assessed during two critical periods: puberty from postnatal day (PND) 40–45 or young adulthood (PND 60–65). Brain maturation was quantified by examining (1) the structural development of the nigrostriatal pathway via analysis of locomotor behaviors and the substantia nigra dopaminergic neuronal cell bodies and (2) the refinement of the nigrostriatal pathway by quantifying ultrasonic vocalizations (USVs). Results: The major findings of this study are gestational hypoxia has age- and sex-dependent effects on subcortical brain maturation in offspring by adversely impacting the refinement of the nigrostriatal pathway in the absence of any effects on the structural development of the pathway. During puberty, female offspring were impacted more than male offspring, as evidenced by decreased USV call frequency, chirp USV call duration, and simple call frequency. In contrast, male offspring were impacted more than female offspring during young adulthood, as evidenced by increased latency to first USV, decreased simple USV call intensity, and increased harmonic USV call bandwidth. No effects of gestational hypoxia on the structural development of the nigrostriatal pathway were observed. Conclusions: These novel findings demonstrate hypoxic insults during pregnancy mediate developmental programming of the cortical and subcortical pathways, in which male offspring exhibit long-term adverse effects compared to female offspring. Impairment of cortical and subcortical pathways maturation, such as the nigrostriatal pathway, may increase risk for neuropsychiatric disorders (e.g., mood disorders, cognitive dysfunction, brain connectivity dysfunction). © 2022, The Author(s).
The Interaction of Food Allergy and Diabetes: Food Allergy Effects on Diabetic Mice by Intestinal Barrier Destruction and Glucagon-like Peptide 1 Reduction in Jejunum; The increase in food allergies and diabetes leads to the assumption that they are related. This study aimed to (1) verify the interaction between food allergy and diabetes and (2) explore the potential mechanisms by which food allergy promotes diabetes. Female BALB/c mice were grouped into a control group (CK), an ovalbumin-sensitized group (OVA), a diabetes group (STZ), and a diabetic allergic group (STZ + OVA) (Mice were modeled diabetes with STZ first, then were given OVA to model food allergies), and an allergic diabetic group (OVA + STZ) (Mice were modeled food allergies with OVA first, then were given STZ to model diabetes). The results showed that OVA + STZ mice exhibited a more serious Th2 humoral response, and they were more susceptible to diabetes. Furthermore, when the OVA + STZ mice were in the sensitized state, the intestinal barrier function was severely impaired, and mast cell activation was promoted. Moreover, we found that the effect of food allergy on diabetes is related to the inhibition of GLP-1 secretion and the up-regulation of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR/NF-κB P65 signaling pathway in the jejunum. Overall, our results suggest that food allergies have interactions with diabetes, which sheds new light on the importance of food allergies in diabetes. © 2022 by the authors.
Targeting adipokines in polycystic ovary syndrome and related metabolic disorders: from experimental insights to clinical studies; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects approximately 15% of women of reproductive age worldwide. It is the most prevalent endocrine disorder with marked risks for female infertility, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), psychiatric disorders and gynecological cancers. Although the pathophysiology of PCOS remains largely elusive, growing evidence suggests a close link with obesity and its related metabolic disorders. As a highly active endocrine cell population, hypertrophic adipocytes in obesity have disturbed production of a vast array of adipokines, biologically active peptides that exert pleiotropic effects on homeostatic regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. In parallel with their crucial roles in the pathophysiology of obesity-induced metabolic diseases, adipokines have recently been identified as promising targets for novel therapeutic strategies for multiple diseases. Current treatments for PCOS are suboptimal with insufficient alleviation of all symptoms. Novel findings in adipokine-targeted agents may provide important insight into the development of new drugs for PCOS. This Review presents an overview of the current understanding of mechanisms that link PCOS to obesity and highlights emerging evidence of adipose-ovary crosstalk as a pivotal mediator of PCOS pathogenesis. We summarize recent findings of preclinical and clinical studies that reveal the therapeutic potential of adipokine-targeted novel approaches to PCOS and its related metabolic disorders. We also discuss the critical gaps in knowledge that need to be addressed to guide the development of adipokine-based novel therapies for PCOS. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Orally administered octacosanol improves liver insulin resistance in high-fat diet-fed mice through the reconstruction of the gut microbiota structure and inhibition of the TLR4/NF-κB inflammatory pathway; 1-Octacosanol (Octa) is reported to possess many physiological properties. However, its relative mechanism has not been illustrated yet. Herein, we aimed to investigate the effect of Octa on insulin resistance in mice fed with a high fat diet (HFD) and used an in vitro simulated gastrointestinal tract to analyze its digestive behavior. The effects of Octa on the gut microbiota were verified by in vitro fermentation using the mouse fecal microbiota. As a result, the Octa monomer was digested into shortened saturated and unsaturated fatty acids (C10-C24) in the simulated gastrointestinal tract. Octa improved the fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin resistance (IR), plasma lipids, and inflammatory response in HFD-fed mice in a dose-dependent manner. This study also suggested that a high-dose of Octa effectively decreased the levels of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in the plasma of HFD-fed mice. Octa improved the oxidative stress induced by a HFD and increased the expression of the Nrf2/ARE signaling pathway. Importantly, Octa reshaped gut microbiota through decreasing Firmicutes content and increasing Bacteroidota and Verrucomicrobiota contents at the phylum level, and the changes of intestinal flora structure caused by Octa were significantly correlated with the changes of inflammatory biomarkers. In conclusion, the effects of Octa on insulin resistance might be attributed to the reconstruction of the gut microbiota structure and inhibition of the TLR4/NF-κB inflammatory pathway in HFD-induced obese individuals. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Simultaneous monitoring of mouse grip strength, force profile, and cumulative force profile distinguishes muscle physiology following surgical, pharmacologic and diet interventions; Grip strength is a valuable preclinical assay to study muscle physiology in disease and aging by directly determining changes in muscle force generation in active laboratory mice. Existing methods to statistically evaluate grip strength, however, have limitations in the power and scope of the physiological features that are assessed. We therefore designed a microcontroller whose serial measure of resistance-based force enables the simultaneous readout of (1) peak grip strength, (2) force profile (the non-linear progress of force exerted throughout a standard grip strength trial), and (3) cumulative force profile (the integral of force with respect to time of a single grip strength trial). We hypothesized that muscle pathologies of different etiologies have distinct effects on these parameters. To test this, we used our apparatus to assess the three muscle parameters in mice with impaired muscle function resulting from surgically induced peripheral pain, genetic peripheral neuropathy, adverse muscle effects induced by statin drug, and metabolic alterations induced by a high-fat diet. Both surgically induced peripheral nerve injury and statin-associated muscle damage diminished grip strength and force profile, without affecting cumulative force profile. Conversely, genetic peripheral neuropathy resulting from lipin 1 deficiency led to a marked reduction to all three parameters. A chronic high-fat diet led to reduced grip strength and force profile when normalized to body weight. In high-fat fed mice that were exerted aerobically and allowed to recover for 30 min, male mice exhibited impaired force profile parameters, which female mice were more resilient. Thus, simultaneous analysis of peak grip strength, force profile and cumulative force profile distinguishes the muscle impairments that result from distinct perturbations and may reflect distinct motor unit recruitment strategies. © 2022, The Author(s).
Machine learning for data integration in human gut microbiome; Recent studies have demonstrated that gut microbiota plays critical roles in various human diseases. High-throughput technology has been widely applied to characterize the microbial ecosystems, which led to an explosion of different types of molecular profiling data, such as metagenomics, metatranscriptomics and metabolomics. For analysis of such data, machine learning algorithms have shown to be useful for identifying key molecular signatures, discovering potential patient stratifications, and particularly for generating models that can accurately predict phenotypes. In this review, we first discuss how dysbiosis of the intestinal microbiota is linked to human disease development and how potential modulation strategies of the gut microbial ecosystem can be used for disease treatment. In addition, we introduce categories and workflows of different machine learning approaches, and how they can be used to perform integrative analysis of multi-omics data. Finally, we review advances of machine learning in gut microbiome applications and discuss related challenges. Based on this we conclude that machine learning is very well suited for analysis of gut microbiome and that these approaches can be useful for development of gut microbe-targeted therapies, which ultimately can help in achieving personalized and precision medicine. © 2022, The Author(s).
Genetic predisposition to gestational diabetes mellitus in the Kazakh population; Background and aims: The purpose of the study was to conduct a comparative analysis of population frequencies of alleles and genotypes of polymorphic variants of genes for impaired insulin synthesis and associated with insulin signal transduction. Methods: This investigation uses a genomic database of 1800 conditionally healthy individuals of Kazakh ethnicity, who underwent full genome genotyping using OmniChip 2.5–8 Illumina chips of ∼2.5 million Single Nucleotide Polymorphism at deCODE Iceland Genomic Centre. Results: The highest frequency of carriage of minor A allele – 17.6% rs4607517 polymorphism of Glucokinase gene, unfavorable genotypes A/G – 29.5% and A/A – 3.0% in comparison with European and Asian populations, indicates a contribution of hereditary family forms of Maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 2 to gestational diabetes mellitus in Kazakh population. Conclusions: The study of the associations of genetic markers of gestational diabetes mellitus will allow timely identification of high-risk groups before and at an early stage of pregnancy, carrying out the necessary effective preventive measures and, in the case of gestational diabetes mellitus development, optimizing the correction of carbohydrate metabolism disorders and predicting outcomes for the mother and the fetus. © 2022 Research Trust of DiabetesIndia (DiabetesIndia) and National Diabetes Obesity and Cholesterol Foundation (N-DOC)
Obesity and Risk for Lymphoma: Possible Role of Leptin; Obesity, which is considered a pandemic due to its high prevalence, is a risk factor for many types of cancers, including lymphoma, through a variety of mechanisms by promoting an inflammatory state. Specifically, over the last few decades, obesity has been suggested not only to increase the risk of lymphoma but also to be associated with poor clinical outcomes and worse responses to different treatments for those diseases. Within the extensive range of proinflammatory mediators that adipose tissue releases, leptin has been demonstrated to be a key adipokine due to its pleotropic effects in many physiological systems and diseases. In this sense, different studies have analyzed leptin levels and leptin/leptin receptor expressions as a probable bridge between obesity and lymphomas. Since both obesity and lymphomas are prevalent pathophysiological conditions worldwide and their incidences have increased over the last few years, here we review the possible role of leptin as a promising proinflammatory mediator promoting lymphomas. © 2022 by the authors.
Glucose-lowering drugs with cardiovascular benefits as modifiers of critical elements of the human life history; The life history theory assumes that all organisms are under selective pressure to harvest external resources and allocate them to maximise fitness: only organisms making the best use of energy obtain the greatest fitness benefits. The trade-off of energy spans four functions: maintenance, growth, reproduction, and defence against pathogens. The innovative antihyperglycaemic agents glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors decrease bodyweight and have the potential to counter low-grade inflammation. These key activities could rewire two components of the life history theory operative in adulthood—ie, maintenance and defence. In this Personal View, we postulate that the benefits of these medications on the cardiovascular system, beyond their glucose-lowering effects, could be mediated by the reduction of the maintenance cost driven by obesity and efforts spent on blunting low-grade inflammation. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Depression and fatigue in active IBD from a microbiome perspective—a Bayesian approach to faecal metagenomics; Background: Extraintestinal symptoms are common in inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) and include depression and fatigue. These are highly prevalent especially in active disease, potentially due to inflammation-mediated changes in the microbiota-gut-brain axis. The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between structural and functional microbiota characteristics and severity of fatigue and depressive symptoms in patients with active IBD. Methods: We included clinical data of 62 prospectively enrolled patients with IBD in an active disease state. Patients supplied stool samples and completed the questionnaires regarding depression and fatigue symptoms. Based on taxonomic and functional metagenomic profiles of faecal gut microbiota, we used Bayesian statistics to investigate the associative networks and triangle motifs between bacterial genera, functional modules and symptom severity of self-reported fatigue and depression. Results: Associations with moderate to strong evidence were found for 3 genera (Odoribacter, Anaerotruncus and Alistipes) and 3 functional modules (pectin, glycosaminoglycan and central carbohydrate metabolism) with regard to depression and for 4 genera (Intestinimonas, Anaerotruncus, Eubacterium and Clostridiales g.i.s) and 2 functional modules implicating amino acid and central carbohydrate metabolism with regard to fatigue. Conclusions: This study provides the first evidence of association triplets between microbiota composition, function and extraintestinal symptoms in active IBD. Depression and fatigue were associated with lower abundances of short-chain fatty acid producers and distinct pathways implicating glycan, carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism. Our results suggest that microbiota-directed therapeutic approaches may reduce fatigue and depression in IBD and should be investigated in future research. © 2022, The Author(s).
Garlic: A systematic review of the effects on cardiovascular diseases; Allium sativum (garlic) certainly is one of the oldest horticultural crops in the world and presents bioactive compounds that are related to the garlic’s effects on human health. Several authors have shown beneficial effects on diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases (CVD), which are among the most relevant causes of mortality in the world. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the effects of garlic in the risk factors of CVD and evaluate its economic importance. MEDLINE–PubMed, COCHRANE, EMBASE, and Google Scholar databases were searched. The included studies showed that the use of garlic can reduce blood pressure, waist circumference, body mass index, LDL-c, non-HDL-c, total cholesterol, triglycerides, and inflammatory markers. It also can increase the levels of HDL-c and can improve cardiovascular parameters such as coronary artery calcium, microcirculation, epicardial and periaortic adipose tissue, post occlusive reactive hyperemia, low attenuation plaque, carotid intima-media thickness; and carotid intima-media thickness. Due to these reasons, garlic can be considered in the prevention and treatment of CVD risk factors. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Association between triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and prediabetes: a cross-sectional study in Chinese non-obese people with a normal range of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; Background: Evidence about the relationship between triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) ratio and prediabetes (Pre-DM) in Chinese non-obese people with a normal range of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) is limited. Therefore, the present study was undertaken to explore the link of the TG/HDL-C ratio on Pre-DM among non-obese Chinese population with a normal range of LDL-c. Methods: This study was a cross-sectional study that enrolled 153163 non-obese individuals with a normal range of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in a Chinese hospital from January 2010 to December 2014. Logistic regression model, generalized additive model (GAM), smooth curve fitting and a series of sensitivity analyses was used to evaluate the association between TG/HDL-C ratio and Pre-DM. Result: The prevalence of Pre-DM was 9.77%.The median TG/HDL-C ratio was 0.671 (interquartile range, 0.468–1.010). After adjusting covariates, the results showed that TG/HDL-C ratio was positively associated with Pre-DM ((OR = 1.185, 95%CI 1.145–1.226). In addition, the TG/HDL-C ratio level has a non-linear relationship with the incidence of Pre-DM, in which the inflection point was 1.617. The effect sizes (OR) on the left and right sides of the inflection point were 1.312 (95%CI 1.242–1.386) and 0.980 (95%CI 0.898–1.070), respectively. And the sensitive analysis demonstrated the robustness of the results. Subgroup analysis showed a stronger association between TG/HDL-C ratio and Pre-DM in females and the population with 30 years < age < 40 years, 18.5 kg/m2 < body mass index < 24 kg/m2, and ALT < 40U/L. Conclusion: This study demonstrates a positive and non-linear relationship between TG/HDL-C ratio and Pre-DM in Chinese non-obese people with a normal range of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. TG/HDL-C ratio is strongly related to Pre-DM when TG/HDL-C ratio is less than 1.617. It makes sense to reduce the TG/HDL-C ratio level below the inflection point from a treatment perspective. © 2022, The Author(s).
Therapeutic potential and research progress of diosgenin for lipid metabolism diseases; Diosgenin, a steroidal saponin, is a natural product found in many plants. Diosgenin has a wide range of pharmacological activities, and has been used to treat cancer, nervous system diseases, inflammation, and infections. Numerous studies have shown that diosgenin has potential therapeutic value for lipid metabolism diseases via various pathways and mechanisms, such as controlling lipid synthesis, absorption, and inhibition of oxidative stress. These mechanisms and pathways have provided ideas for researchers to develop related drugs. In this review, we focus on data from animal and clinical studies, summarizing the toxicity of diosgenin, its pharmacological mechanism, recent research advances, and the related mechanisms of diosgenin as a drug for the treatment of lipid metabolism, especially in obesity, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, atherosclerosis, and diabetes. This systematic review will briefly describe the advantages of diosgenin as a potential therapeutic drug and seek to enhance our understanding of the pharmacological mechanism, recipe-construction, and the development of novel therapeutics against lipid metabolism diseases. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Probiotics in treating with alcoholic liver disease and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Alcoholic liver disease (ALD) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are both serious chronic liver diseases worldwide. The cause of ALD is chronic alcoholism. NAFLD is a metabolic syndrome caused by excessive accumulation of triglycerides in liver cells without consumption of alcohol. Although the pathogeneses of these two liver diseases are different, the traditional treatments for these two liver diseases are mainly drug treatment. Drug treatment works quickly, but long-term use may produce side effects. Studies demonstrated that probiotics as a natural substance played a unique role in improving liver and intestinal health. This review overviews the pathogenesis of ALD and NAFLD, summarizes the health effects of probiotics in the treatment of ALD and NAFLD, and discusses the treating mechanisms of probiotics in order to provide a theoretical basis for future research. © 2021 Taylor &#x0026; Francis.
Bile acids and microbes in metabolic disease; Bile acids (BAs) serve as physiological detergents that enable the intestinal absorption and transportation of nutrients, lipids and vitamins. BAs are primarily produced by humans to catabolize cholesterol and play crucial roles in gut metabolism, microbiota habitat regulation and cell signaling. BA-activated nuclear receptors regulate the enterohepatic circulation of BAs which play a role in energy, lipid, glucose, and drug metabolism. The gut microbiota plays an essential role in the biotransformation of BAs and regulates BAs composition and metabolism. Therefore, altered gut microbial and BAs activity can affect human metabolism and thus result in the alteration of metabolic pathways and the occurrence of metabolic diseases/syndromes, such as diabetes mellitus, obesity/hypercholesterolemia, and cardiovascular diseases. BAs and their metabolites are used to treat altered gut microbiota and metabolic diseases. This review explores the increasing body of evidence that links alterations of gut microbial activity and BAs with the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases. Moreover, we summarize existing research on gut microbes and BAs in relation to intracellular pathways pertinent to metabolic disorders. Finally, we discuss how therapeutic interventions using BAs can facilitate microbiome functioning and ease metabolic diseases. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Metformin in therapeutic applications in human diseases: its mechanism of action and clinical study; Metformin, a biguanide drug, is the most commonly used first-line medication for type 2 diabetes mellites due to its outstanding glucose-lowering ability. After oral administration of 1 g, metformin peaked plasma concentration of approximately 20–30 μM in 3 h, and then it mainly accumulated in the gastrointestinal tract, liver and kidney. Substantial studies have indicated that metformin exerts its beneficial or deleterious effect by multiple mechanisms, apart from AMPK-dependent mechanism, also including several AMPK-independent mechanisms, such as restoring of redox balance, affecting mitochondrial function, modulating gut microbiome and regulating several other signals, such as FBP1, PP2A, FGF21, SIRT1 and mTOR. On the basis of these multiple mechanisms, researchers tried to repurpose this old drug and further explored the possible indications and adverse effects of metformin. Through investigating with clinical studies, researchers concluded that in addition to decreasing cardiovascular events and anti-obesity, metformin is also beneficial for neurodegenerative disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, aging, cancer and COVID-19, however, it also induces some adverse effects, such as gastrointestinal complaints, lactic acidosis, vitamin B12 deficiency, neurodegenerative disease and offspring impairment. Of note, the dose of metformin used in most studies is much higher than its clinically relevant dose, which may cast doubt on the actual effects of metformin on these disease in the clinic. This review summarizes these research developments on the mechanism of action and clinical evidence of metformin and discusses its therapeutic potential and clinical safety. © 2022, The Author(s).
Short Chain Fatty Acid Metabolism in Relation to Gut Microbiota and Genetic Variability; It is widely accepted that the gut microbiota plays a significant role in modulating inflammatory and immune responses of their host. In recent years, the host-microbiota interface has gained relevance in understanding the development of many non-communicable chronic conditions, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, autoimmunity and neurodegeneration. Importantly, dietary fibre (DF) and associated compounds digested by the microbiota and their resulting metabolites, especially short-chain fatty acids (SCFA), were significantly associated with health beneficial effects, such as via proposed anti-inflammatory mechanisms. However, SCFA metabolic pathways are not fully understood. Major steps include production of SCFA by microbiota, uptake in the colonic epithelium, first-pass effects at the liver, followed by biodistribution and metabolism at the host’s cellular level. As dietary patterns do not affect all individuals equally, the host genetic makeup may play a role in the metabolic fate of these metabolites, in addition to other factors that might influence the microbiota, such as age, birth through caesarean, medication intake, alcohol and tobacco consumption, pathogen exposure and physical activity. In this article, we review the metabolic pathways of DF, from intake to the intracellular metabolism of fibre-derived products, and identify possible sources of inter-individual variability related to genetic variation. Such variability may be indicative of the phenotypic flexibility in response to diet, and may be predictive of long-term adaptations to dietary factors, including maladaptation and tissue damage, which may develop into disease in individuals with specific predispositions, thus allowing for a better prediction of potential health effects following personalized intervention with DF. © 2022 by the authors.
Association of maternal TSH and neonatal metabolism: A large prospective cohort study in China; Aims: Neonatal metabolites are very important in neonatal disease screening, and maternal thyroid hormones play an important role in fetal and neonatal health. Our study aimed to explore the association of maternal thyroid hormones with neonatal metabolites and identify an important time windows. Methods: Pregnant women were recruited in Jinan Maternity and Child Care Hospital and followed up until delivery. Multivariate generalized linear regression models (GLMs) and restricted cubic spline (RCS) regression analysis models were used to investigate the associations of maternal TSH and FT4 with neonatal metabolites. Results: In total, 6,653 pairs of mothers and newborns were enrolled in our study. We identified 5 neonatal metabolites, including arginine/ornithine (Arg/Orn), C14:1/C2, C18:1, C3DC+C4OH and C8:1, that were significantly associated with maternal serum TSH during the whole pregnancy (P < 0.05), especially in the first trimester. Moreover, 10 neonatal metabolites were significantly associated with maternal serum FT4 (P < 0.05), most of which had positive correlations with maternal FT4 in the first trimester (P < 0.05). Some neonatal metabolites also had linear or nonlinear dose-effect relationships with maternal serum TSH and FT4 during the whole pregnancy, particularly in the first trimester. Conclusions: Our study, for the first time, provides epidemiological evidence that maternal serum TSH and FT4, especially during the first trimester, are associated with linear or nonlinear variations in neonatal metabolites. Efforts to identify newborn metabolism levels should carefully consider the effects of maternal thyroid function. Copyright © 2022 Hou, Zou, Zhang, Lin, Nie, Cui, Liu and Han.
Chronic lead exposure exacerbates hepatic glucolipid metabolism disorder and gut microbiota dysbiosis in high-fat-diet mice; Lead (Pb) and obesity are co-occurring risk factors for metabolic disorders. However, there is still a lack of study on the combined effects of both stressors on metabolism. C57BL/6J mice were exposed to 200 mg/L Pb or/and HFD for 24 weeks and were used to investigate the effects and underlying mechanisms of chronic Pb exposure on obese mice. The results showed that Pb significantly increased body weight, visceral obesity, fasting blood glucose levels, and insulin resistance, and aggravated liver damage, hepatic lipid accumulation and steatosis in HFD-fed mice. Further analysis showed that Pb significantly inhibited insulin signaling pathway PI3K/AKT and fatty acid β-oxidation, and accelerated fatty acid synthesis. Moreover, Pb exacerbated HFD-induced disruption of gut microbiota homeostasis, manifested by increased proportions of pathogenic genera such as Desulfovibrio, Alistipes and Helicobacter, and decreased proportions of beneficial microbes Akkermansia and Barnesiella, which were negatively associated with obesity. These results indicated that Pb exposure exacerbated the disruption of liver glucolipid metabolism in HFD mice possibly by disrupting gut microbiota. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Dietary Inflammatory Nutrients and Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma Risk: A Case-Control Study; We conducted a case-control study (532 cases and 532 control) in Chinese adults to investigate the independent and interactive effects of dietary nutrients (pro- or anti-inflammation) on Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma (ESCC) risk. Dietary data were collected using a food questionnaire survey that included 171 items. Two algorithms, the Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selector Operation (LASSO) and Bayesian Kernel Machine Regression (BKMR) were employed to select indicators and evaluate the interactive effect of nutrients’ mixture on ESCC risk. Thirteen nutrients were selected, including three pro-inflammatory nutrients (protein, fat and carbohydrate) and ten anti-inflammatory nutrients (fiber, Vitamin A, riboflavin, niacin, Vitamin C, Fe, Se, MUFA, n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA). Single-exposure effects of fat, carbohydrate and fiber significantly contributed to ESCC risk. The pro-inflammatory nutrients’ submodel discovered that the combined effect was statistically associated with increased ESCC risk. In addition, a higher fat level was significantly associated with ESCC risk. On the contrary, for fiber and riboflavin, the anti-inflammatory nutrients’ submodel delineated a significant negative effect on the risk of ESCC. Our result implies that dietary nutrients and their inflammatory traits significantly impacted ESCC occurrence. Additional studies are warranted to verify our findings. © 2022 by the authors.
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A novel therapeutic perspective; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that harms both the reproductive as well as metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, PCOS-afflicted women who are fortunate enough to become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, etc. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it's an undeniable scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective, hence inconclusive evidence exists as to whether PCOS per se is a risk factor for GDM or any other factor associated. Henceforth, we intend to get a better therapeutic perspective of the maternal health complications associated with PCOS and GDM. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Decreased inflammatory gene expression accompanies the improvement of liver enzyme and lipid profile following aerobic training and vitamin D supplementation in T2DM patients; Background: Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) is one of the health issues causing untoward low-grade systemic inflammation. Aerobic Training (AT) and Vitamin D (Vit D) supplementation are among the approaches that improve lipid profile and liver enzymes in T2DM. However, the mechanisms responsible for these improvements are not fully elucidated. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of AT and Vit D supplementation on lipid profile, liver enzymes, Interleukin-6 (IL-6), Interleukin-10 (IL-10), Cluster of differentiation 27 (CD27), Chemokine (C-X-C motif) Ligand 13 (CXCL13), Interferon-Gamma (IFN-γ) and Transforming Growth Factor-Beta 1 (TGF-β1) gene expressions in patients with T2DM. Methods: In this study, 40 male T2DM patients aged 35–50 years were randomly selected and assigned into four groups (n = 10 for each); AT+vitamin D supplementation (AT+Vit D), AT+placebo (AT), Vit D supplementation (Vit D), and control+placebo (C). The intervention consisted of 8 weeks of 20–40 minutes AT protocol at 60–75% HRmax 3 sessions/week and taking 50,000 IU of Vit D supplement once a week. Serum levels of lipid profile and liver enzymes and gene expression of IL-6, IL-10, CD27, CXCL13, IFN-γ, and TGF-β1 in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs) were measured. One-way analysis of variance (ANOVA), Tukey’s post hoc, and paired sample t-test at P-values less than 0.05 were used to analyze the data using SPSS software. Results: AT+Vit D, AT, and Vit D significantly decreased TC, TG, LDL, AST, ALT, and GGT while increased HDL after 8 weeks in favor of AT+Vit D. Also, gene expressions of IL-6, IL-10, CD27, CXCL13, IFN-γ, and TGF-β1 were downregulated significantly in AT+Vit D, AT, and Vit D, while upregulated in C. Furthermore, compared to individual AT or Vit D, AT+Vit D significantly downregulated IL-6 (P = 0.013; P = 0.025), IL-10 (P = 0.012; P = 0.026), CD27 (P = 0.023; P = 0.041), CXCL13 (P = 0.014; P = 0.025), IFN-γ (P = 0.017; P = 0.026), and TGF-β1 (P = 0.001; P = 0.028). Conclusion: In comparison to individual AT or Vit D, AT+Vit D may enhance lipid profile, and liver enzymes and drive the balance to favor inhibition of inflammation by downregulating gene expression of inflammation-related factors. As a result, AT+Vit D may be considered appropriate therapy for managing T2DM. © 2022, The Author(s).
Relationships between physical activity, healthy eating and cortical thickness in children and young adults; Prior neuroimaging studies have shown associations between healthy lifestyle factors and cortical thickness; however, results on the direction of this association have been inconsistent. While the majority of studies were performed in older adults within specific weight status categories, little has been reported in younger populations with a range of adiposity, including groups with healthy-weight, overweight, and obesity. Here we investigated relationships between indices of physical activity (PA) and healthy eating with cortical thickness in children and youth/young adults and examined whether these relationships differed by weight status and age groups. Study participants included 119 youth/young adults and 159 children. We hypothesized that greater levels of PA and/or healthy eating index (HEI) composite scores would be positively associated with cortical thickness, and that this association would differ in overweight or obese groups versus normal weight groups, as well as youth/young adults vs. child cohorts. Overall PA (minutes/day) was assessed using 24-hour PA recalls. HEI was calculated to assess diet quality. A structural MRI was performed, and FreeSurfer 6.0 was used to assess cortical thickness in 68 regions of interest (ROI). Mixed effects modeling was performed to investigate associations of PA or HEI with cortical thickness. FDR corrections were applied for multiple ROIs. PA was positively associated with cortical thickness in the caudal middle frontal cortex (FDR adjusted p = 0.042) and cuneus cortex (FDR adjusted p = 0.017) after controlling for sex, age group, and weight status. When stratified by age, in youth/young adults, higher time spent in PA was associated with greater cortical thickness in the frontal, temporal, parietal and occipital cortex, after adjusting for sex and weight group (FDR adjusted ps < 0.05). No significant associations between PA and cortical thickness were observed in children. No significant associations between PA and cortical thickness were observed when stratified by weight group. No significant associations between HEI and cortical thickness were observed. These results indicate that higher time spent in PA is associated with greater cortical thickness, a relationship that appears to be stronger during youth/young adulthood and may be related to more favorable brain health outcomes. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Compendium of naringenin: potential sources, analytical aspects, chemistry, nutraceutical potentials and pharmacological profile; Naringenin is flavorless, water insoluble active principle belonging to flavanone subclass. It exhibits a diverse pharmacological profile as well as divine nutraceutical values. Although several researchers have explored this phytoconstituent to evaluate its promising properties, still it has not gained recognition at therapeutic levels and more clinical investigations are still required. Also the neutraceutical potential has limited marketed formulations. This compilation includes the description of reported therapeutic potentials of naringenin in variety of pathological conditions alongwith the underlying mechanisms. Details of various analytical investigations carried on this molecule have been provided along with brief description of chemistry and structural activity relationship. In the end, various patents filed and clinical trial data has been provided. Naringenin has revealed promising pharmacological activities including cardiovascular diseases, neuroprotection, anti-diabetic, anticancer, antimicrobial, antiviral, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-platelet activity. It has been marketed in the form of nanoformulations, co-crystals, solid dispersions, tablets, capsules and inclusion complexes. It is also available in various herbal formulations as nutraceutical supplement. There are some pharmacokinetic issue with naringenin like poor absorption and low dissolution rate. Although these issues have been sorted out upto certain extent still further research to investigate the bioavailability of naringenin from herbal supplements and its clinical efficacy is essential. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Modulation of the Inflammatory Response in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)—Searching for Epigenetic Factors; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. Despite its incidence, the syndrome is poorly understood and remains underdiagnosed, and female patients are diagnosed with a delay. The heterogenous nature of this complex disorder results from the combined occurrence of genetic, environmental, endocrine, and behavioral factors. Primary clinical manifestations of PCOS are derived from the excess of androgens (anovulation, polycystic ovary morphology, lack of or scanty, irregular menstrual periods, acne and hirsutism), whereas the secondary manifestations include multiple metabolic, cardiovascular, and psychological disorders. Dietary and lifestyle factors play important roles in the development and course of PCOS, which suggests strong epigenetic and environmental influences. Many studies have shown a strong association between PCOS and chronic, low-grade inflammation both in the ovarian tissue and throughout the body. In the vast majority of PCOS patients, elevated values of inflammatory markers or their gene markers have been reported. Development of the vicious cycle of the chronic inflammatory state in PCOS is additionally stimulated by hyperinsulinemia and obesity. Changes in DNA methylation, histone acetylation and noncoding RNA levels are presented in this review in the context of oxidative stress, reactive oxygen species, and inflammatory signaling in PCOS. Epigenetic modulation of androgenic activity in response to inflammatory signaling is also discussed. © 2022 by the authors.
Modulating effects of capsaicin on glucose homeostasis and the underlying mechanism; Abnormal glucose homeostasis is linked to a variety of metabolic syndromes, such as insulin resistance, obesity, type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Maintenance of normal glucose homeostasis is important for the body to keep normal biological functions. As the major bioactive ingredient in chili peppers responsible for the pungent flavor, capsaicin has been reported to effectively improve glucose homeostasis with low cytotoxicity. In this review, the modulating effects of capsaicin on glucose homeostasis in cell models, animal models and human trials are summarized through both TRPV1 dependent and TRPV1 independent pathways. The relevant molecular mechanisms underlying its regulatory effects are also evaluated. Understanding the effects and mechanisms of capsaicin on glucose metabolism could provide theoretical evidence for its application in the food and pharmaceutical industries. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Untargeted lipidomics and metagenomics reveal the mechanism of aspirin eugenol ester relieving hyperlipidemia in ApoE−/− mice; Hyperlipidemia is induced by abnormal lipid metabolism, which can cause the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases and lead to grievous injury to health. Studies showed that AEE had a significant therapeutic effect on hyperlipidemia and is likely to be associated with the up-regulation of cholesterol 7-alpha hydroxylase (CYP7A1), the key enzyme for cholesterol conversion to bile acids, but no research confirmed whether the effect of AEE on hyperlipidemia was related to the gut microbiota and liver lipids. At the same time, more and more studies have shown that gut microbiota and lipids are closely related to hyperlipidemia. Hence, in this study, we investigated the effects of AEE on liver lipids through LC-MS-based untargeted lipidomics and the effects of AEE on gut microbiota based on cecal contents metagenomics by Illumina sequencing in HFD-induced hyperlipidemia ApoE−/− mice at the overall level. The results of lipidomics showed that AEE relieved hyperlipidemia by decreasing the concentration of 10 PEs and 12 SMs in the liver and regulating the pathways of glycerophospholipid metabolic pathway, sphingolipid signaling pathway, and NF-kB signaling pathway. The results of metagenomics concluded that AEE treatment changed the composition of gut microbiota and regulated the functions of lipid transport and metabolism, as well as the metabolism of bile acids and secondary bile acids. The results of the joint analysis between lipidomics and metagenomics showed that the abundance of Verrucomicrobia, Verrucomicrobiales, Candidatus_Gastranaerophilales, and Candidatus_Melainabacteria was significantly positively correlated with the concentration of SM (d18:1/18:0) and PE (16:0/18:1) in the process of AEE alleviating hyperlipidemia in mice. In conclusion, these results suggested that the effect of AEE on hyperlipidemia was closely related to the gut microbiota by the change of bile acids and liver lipids. Copyright © 2022 Lu, Liu, Li, Qin, Bai, Ge, Li and Yang.
Nutraceutical management of metabolic syndrome as a palliative and a therapeutic to coronavirus disease (COVID) crisis; The global market for medicinal plants and herbs is on the increase due to their desirability, efficacy, and less adverse effects as complementary and alternative medications to the orthodox pharmaceuticals, perhaps due to their natural components and qualities. Metabolic syndromes are managed with changes in diet, exercise, lifestyle modifications and the use of pharmacological agents. Plants are now known to have potent antioxidant and cholinergic activities which are relevant to the management of several metabolic syndromes, which are unfortunately, co-morbidity factors in the coronavirus disease crisis. This review will focus on the biological activities of some plant products used as complementary and alternative medicines in the management of metabolic syndromes, and on their reported antiviral, antithrombotic, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory properties, which are integral to their usage in the management of viral infections and may give an avenue for prophylactic and therapeutics especially in the absence of vaccines/formulated antiviral therapies. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Puerariae lobatae Radix Alleviates Pre-Eclampsia by Remodeling Gut Microbiota and Protecting the Gut and Placental Barriers; Pre-eclampsia (PE) is a serious pregnancy complication, and gut dysbiosis is an important cause of it. Puerariae lobatae Radix (PLR) is a medicine and food homologous species; however, its effect on PE is unclear. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of PLR in alleviating PE and its mechanisms. We used an NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME)-induced PE mouse model to examine the efficacy of preventive and therapeutic PLR supplementation. The results showed that both PLR interventions alleviated hypertension and proteinuria, increased fetal and placental weights, and elevated the levels of VEGF and PlGF. Moreover, PLR protected the placenta from oxidative stress via activating the Nrf2/HO-1/NQO1 pathway and mitigated placental damage by increasing intestinal barrier markers (ZO-1, Occludin, and Claudin-1) expression and reducing lipopolysaccharide leakage. Notably, preventive PLR administration corrected gut dysbiosis in PE mice, as evidenced by the increased abundance and positive interactions of beneficial bacteria including Bifidobacterium, Blautia, and Turicibacter. Fecal microbiota transplantation confirmed that the gut microbiota partially mediated the beneficial effects of PLR on PE. Our findings revealed that modulating the gut microbiota is an effective strategy for the treatment of PE and highlighted that PLR might be used as an intestinal nutrient supplement in PE patients. © 2022 by the authors.
Tissue adaptation of regulatory T cells in adipose tissue; Foxp3+ regulatory T (Treg) cells critically suppress over-activated immune responses and therefore maintain immune homeostasis. Adipose tissue-resident Treg (AT Treg) cells are known for modulating immunity and metabolism in adipose tissue microenvironment through various physiological signals, as well as their heterogeneous subsets, which potentially play disparate roles in aging and obesity. Recent single-cell studies of Treg cells have revealed specialized trajectories of their tissue adaptation and development in lymphoid tissues and at barrier sites. Here, we reviewed a T Cell Receptor (TCR)-primed environmental cue-boosted model of adipose Treg cells’ tissue adaptation, especially in response to IL-33, IFN-α, insulin, and androgen signals, which trigger sophisticated transcriptional cascades and ultimately establish unique transcriptional modules in adipose Treg cell subsets. In addition, we further discuss potential therapeutic strategies against aging and obesity by blocking detrimental environmental cues, strengthening the functions of specific AT Treg subsets and modifying the communications between AT Treg subsets and adipocytes. © 2022 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Diet-mediated metaorganismal relay biotransformation: health effects and pathways; In recent years, the concept of metaorganism expands our insight into how diet-microbe-host interactions contribute to human health and diseases. We realized that many biological metabolic processes in the host can be summarized into metaorganismal relay pathways, in which metabolites such as trimethylamine-N‑oxide, short-chain fatty acids and bile acids act as double-edged swords (beneficial or harmful effects) in the initiation and progression of diseases. Pleiotropic effects of metabolites are derived from several influencing factors including dose level, targeted organ of effect, action duration and species of these metabolites. Based on the pleiotropic effects of metabolites, personalized therapeutic approaches including microecological agents, enzymatic regulators and changes in dietary habits to govern related metabolite production may provide a new insight in promoting human health. In this review, we summarize our current knowledge of metaorganismal relay pathways and elaborate on the pleiotropic effects of metabolites in these pathways, with special emphasis on related therapeutic nutritional interventions. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Genome-wide placental DNA methylations in fetal overgrowth and associations with leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors; Background: Fetal overgrowth “programs” an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Epigenetic alterations may be a mechanism in programming the vulnerability. We sought to characterize genome-wide alterations in placental gene methylations in fetal overgrowth and the associations with metabolic health biomarkers including leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors. Results: Comparing genome-wide placental gene DNA methylations in large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of fetal overgrowth, n = 30) versus optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control, n = 30) infants using the Illumina Infinium Human Methylation-EPIC BeadChip, we identified 543 differential methylation positions (DMPs; 397 hypermethylated, 146 hypomethylated) at false discovery rate < 5% and absolute methylation difference > 0.05 after adjusting for placental cell-type heterogeneity, maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI and HbA1c levels during pregnancy. Twenty-five DMPs annotated to 20 genes (QSOX1, FCHSD2, LOC101928162, ADGRB3, GCNT1, TAP1, MYO16, NAV1, ATP8A2, LBXCOR1, EN2, INCA1, CAMTA2, SORCS2, SLC4A4, RPA3, UMAD1,USP53, OR2L13 and NR3C2) could explain 80% of the birth weight variations. Pathway analyses did not detect any statistically significant pathways after correcting for multiple tests. We validated a newly discovered differentially (hyper-)methylated gene-visual system homeobox 1 (VSX1) in an independent pyrosequencing study sample (LGA 47, OGA 47). Our data confirmed a hypermethylated gene—cadherin 13 (CDH13) reported in a previous epigenome-wide association study. Adiponectin in cord blood was correlated with its gene methylation in the placenta, while leptin and fetal growth factors (insulin, IGF-1, IGF-2) were not. Conclusions: Fetal overgrowth may be associated with a large number of altered placental gene methylations. Placental VSX1 and CDH13 genes are hypermethylated in fetal overgrowth. Placental ADIPOQ gene methylations and fetal circulating adiponectin levels were correlated, suggesting the contribution of placenta-originated adiponectin to cord blood adiponectin. © 2022, The Author(s).
Preventive Effect of Nuciferine on H2O2-Induced Fibroblast Senescence and Pro-Inflammatory Cytokine Gene Expression; Human dermal fibroblasts play an important role in skin homeostasis by producing and degrading extracellular matrix components. They have more replicative senescence when exposed to environmental and oxidative insults, resulting in human skin aging. However, this phenomenon can be mitigated by antioxidant phytochemicals. The aim of the present study was to investigate the potential of nuciferine (an alkaloid from Nelumbo nucifera leaf) in preventing stress-induced fibroblast senescence by using a hydrogen-peroxide (H2O2)-induced senescence model. We found that H2O2 treatment resulted in a significant increase in senescence-associated β-galactosidase (SA-β-gal)-positive cells. Nuciferine-treated cells, however, showed a reduction in senescent phenotype. Furthermore, we observed the key molecular markers including the senescence-associated secretory phenotype (SASP) and cell cycle regulators. The mRNA levels of CXCL1, CXCL2, IL-6, and IL-8 (pro-inflammatory cytokines) reduced significantly in nuciferine-treated cells. The extracellular IL-6 and IL-8 levels were also decreased in treated cells, whereas the key cell cycle regulators (p16 and p21) were markedly affected by nuciferine at the highest concentration. The results of the present study clearly show that the preventive activity of nuciferine against H2O2-induced senescence in dermal fibroblasts is fundamental and promising for further applications in anti-aging product research and development. © 2022 by the authors.
Effect of synbiotic bread containing lactic acid on blood lipids and apolipoproteins in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled trial; Recently, the use of synbiotics for managing various diseases has dramatically increased. Synbiotics have been shown to be a good approach to influence the composition of the gut microbiota with positive health effects. Management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) complications is one of the reasons for the ingestion of synbiotics and so the aim of the current study was to determine the effects of synbiotic bread intake on markers of lipid profile in T2DM patients. One hundred T2DM patients (age between 20 and 60 years) were randomly assigned to four groups to consume different types of synbiotic bread, three times/day, for 8 weeks: “synbiotic + lactic acid” (n = 25; IV), “synbiotic” (n = 25; III), “lactic acid brad” (n = 25; II), or “control” (n = 25; I). The measured outcomes included anthropometric characteristics, glycemic control parameters, blood lipids, and apolipoproteins. The consumption of “synbiotic + lactic acid bread” (group IV) and “lactic acid bread” (group II) led to a significant decrease in total cholesterol (TC) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) compared to the “control bread.” The HbA1c levels were also significantly lower when compared to group II. Additionally, apolipoprotein A (Apo A1) levels were significantly decreased in group IV, compared to control and other groups (post hoc analysis). No significant differences between groups were observed for triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and apolipoprotein B100 (Apo B100) levels. The observed results show that the synbiotic bread (with or without lactic acid) promoted a decrease in total cholesterol (TC) and Apo A1 in diabetic patients when consumed daily for 8 weeks. © 2022 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
New players of the adipose secretome: Therapeutic opportunities and challenges; Adipose tissue is a functional endocrine organ comprised of adipocytes and other cell types that are known to secrete a multiplicity of adipose-derived factors, including lipids and proteins. It is well established that adipose tissue and its secretome can impact systemic energy homeostasis. The endocrine and paracrine effects of adipose-derived factors have been widely studied over the last several decades. Owing to technological advances in genomics and proteomics, several additional adipose-derived protein factors have recently been identified. By learning from previous efforts, the next challenge will be to leverage these discoveries for the prevention or treatment of metabolic disorders. Here, we discuss recently discovered adipose-derived proteins secreted from white or brown adipose tissue and the opportunities and challenges of translating these biological findings into disease therapeutics. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Gut mycobiome dysbiosis contributes to the development of hypertension and its response to immunoglobulin light chains; Objectives: Human gut microbiome has gained great attention for its proposed roles in the development of hypertension. The fungal microbiome in the human gut (i.e. the mycobiome) is beginning to gain recognition as a fundamental part of our microbiome. However, the existing knowledge of human mycobiome has never revealed the association between gut mycobiome and hypertension. It is known that inflammation and immunity contribute to human hypertension. Here, we sought to investigate whether gut mycobiome could predict the development of hypertension and its association with immunoglobulin light chains. Methods and materials: Participants were classified into three cohorts: prehypertension (pre-HTN), hypertension (HTN), and normal-tension (NT) based on their blood pressure. Fresh samples were collected, and the ITS transcribed spacer ribosomal RNA gene sequence was performed. An immunoturbidimetric test was used to examine the serum levels of immunological light chains. Results: Subjects in both of the states of pre-HTN and HTN had different fungal microbiome community compared to the NT group (FDR<0.05). Slightly higher levels of fungal richness and diversity were observed in the groups of pre-HTN and HTN. The relative abundance of Malassezia increased in the HTN group compared to that in the NT group, and the relative abundance of Mortierella enriched in the NT group. For the pre-HTN group, the relative abundance of Malassezia was positively associated with serum the concentration of light chain (LC) κ (r=0.510, P=0.044); for the HTN group, the relative abundance of Mortierella was positively associated with the serum concentration of LC κ (P<0.05), the relative abundance of Malassezia was positively associated with both the serum concentrations of LC κ and LC λ (r>0.30, P<0.05). Conclusions: Our present study demonstrated that gut fungal dysbiosis occurred in the state of prehypertension, and fungal dysbiosis can predict the dysregulation of serum light chains in hypertension patients. Further study on modulating gut fungal community should be focused on balancing the immunological features in hypertension. Copyright © 2022 Zou, Ge, Lydia, Huang, Wang and Yu.
The potential of Artemisia species for use as broad-spectrum agents in the management of metabolic syndrome: a review; Although the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS), a cluster of cardiometabolic risk factors that predispose to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases, is increasing globally, there is no broad-spectrum agent for its holistic treatment. Natural plant-derived products with a wide spectrum of biological activities are currently being explored as alternatives in the management of diseases. Artemisia species are a heterozygous group of plants of the Compositae family that possess several health benefits. Here we highlight their antidiabetic, anti-obesity, anti-hyperlipidaemic, hepatoprotective and cardioprotective properties among others. These activities have been linked to the presence of phytochemicals that act on several molecular targets to exert their effects and the species of Artemisia are considered to be relatively safe. Artemisia species offer significant anti-MetS activity and thus are strong therapeutic candidates for the effective management of MetS. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Red yeast rice: a functional food used to reduce hyperlipidemia; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) account for 31% of all deaths, making them the leading cause of death worldwide. Hyperlipidemia is a major risk factor of CVD. Statins, one of the most commonly prescribed type of lipid-lowering drugs in the world, are widely recognized as effective in the prevention and treatment of CVD as they inhibit 3-hydroxy-3-methyl glutaryl coenzyme A reductase, reduce endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase LDL clearance by promoting LDL receptor expression. However, adverse reactions to statins and stain-associated symptoms (SAS) (i.e. muscle, metabolic, liver and nervous system) have limited the use of statins. An alternative to statins, red yeast rice (RYR), is a traditional medicine and functional food that has a long history. Relatively small doses of RYR (equivalent to 5–7 mg of lovastatin daily) have been reported to have a similar effect to the 20–40 mg dose of pure lovastatin alone in lowering serum cholesterol, suggesting that RYR contains cholesterol-lowering bioactive substances. This review is the first to summarize the material basis of synergistic enhancing efficacy and reducing adverse reactions in the lipid-lowering effect of RYR, highlight the lipid-lowering advantages of RYR, and provide reference for the development and application of RYR in functional foods and drugs. © 2022 Taylor & Francis.
Research advances and challenges in tissue-derived extracellular vesicles; Extracellular vesicles (EV) are vesicular vesicles with phospholipid bilayer, which are present in biological fluids and extracellular microenvironment. Extracellular vesicles serve as pivotal mediators in intercellular communication by delivering lipids, proteins, and RNAs to the recipient cells. Different from extracellular vesicles derived from biofluids and that originate from cell culture, the tissue derived extracellular vesicles (Ti-EVs) send us more enriched and accurate information of tissue microenvironment. Notably, tissue derived extracellular vesicles directly participate in the crosstalk between numerous cell types within microenvironment. Current research mainly focused on the extracellular vesicles present in biological fluids and cell culture supernatant, yet the studies on tissue derived extracellular vesicles are increasing due to the tissue derived extracellular vesicles are promising agents to reflect the occurrence and development of human diseases more accurately. In this review, we aimed to clarify the characteristics of tissue derived extracellular vesicles, specify the isolation methods and the roles of tissue derived extracellular vesicles in various diseases, including tumors. Moreover, we summarized the advances and challenges of tissue derived extracellular vesicles research. Copyright © 2022 Zhi, Sun and Tang.
The urban built environment and adult BMI, obesity, and diabetes in Latin American cities; Latin America is the world’s most urbanized region and its heterogeneous urban development may impact chronic diseases. Here, we evaluated the association of built environment characteristics at the sub-city —intersection density, greenness, and population density— and city-level —fragmentation and isolation— with body mass index (BMI), obesity, and type 2 diabetes (T2D). Data from 93,280 (BMI and obesity) and 122,211 individuals (T2D) was analysed across 10 countries. Living in areas with higher intersection density was positively associated with BMI and obesity, whereas living in more fragmented and greener areas were negatively associated. T2D was positively associated with intersection density, but negatively associated with greenness and population density. The rapid urban expansion experienced by Latin America provides unique insights and vastly expand opportunities for population-wide urban interventions aimed at reducing obesity and T2D burden. © 2022, The Author(s).
Branched chain amino acids—friend or foe in the control of energy substrate turnover and insulin sensitivity?; Branched chain amino acids (BCAA) and their derivatives are bioactive molecules with pleiotropic functions in the human body. Elevated fasting blood BCAA concentrations are considered as a metabolic hallmark of obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, since increased BCAA amount is observed both in metabolically healthy and obese subjects, a question whether BCAA are mechanistic drivers of insulin resistance and its morbidities or only markers of metabolic dysregulation, still remains open. The beneficial effects of BCAA on body weight and composition, aerobic capacity, insulin secretion and sensitivity demand high catabolic potential toward amino acids and/or adequate BCAA intake. On the opposite, BCAA-related inhibition of lipogenesis and lipolysis enhancement may preclude impairment in insulin sensitivity. Thereby, the following review addresses various strategies pertaining to the modulation of BCAA catabolism and the possible roles of BCAA in energy homeostasis. We also aim to elucidate mechanisms behind the heterogeneity of ramifications associated with BCAA modulation. © 2021 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Evaluation of socio-demographic and clinical characteristics of PCOS patients attending a tertiary care institute in Colombo; Background and objectives: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder with heterogeneous aetiology. It is characterized by irregular menses and or oligo/anovulation, hyper-androgenism, and polycystic ovaries. The prevalence and diagnosis of PCOS changes depending on which clinical criteria are utilized to confirm the diagnosis. The prevalence can be high as 8–13% when the Rotterdam criteria are used. However, there is significant inter-individual variation in presentation. We have studied the socio-demographic and clinical characteristics of PCOS patients attending the Endocrinology clinic in a tertiary care institute in Sri Lanka. Methods: A descriptive cross sectional study was conducted from September 2019 to September 2020 at the Endocrinology Unit of the National Hospital of Sri Lanka. All the patients who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria and who has a diagnosis of PCOS made according to Rotterdam criteria were recruited in to the study. After obtaining informed written consent, the data was collected using an interviewer administered questionnaire. HOMA-IR was calculated using the fasting insulin and blood glucose level. Results: The study enrolled sixty females. The mean age was 26.7 years (range 18–44). The mean weight was 64.8 (SD = 11.9) kg and BMI was 27.1 (SD = 4.8) kg/m−2. According to Asian BMI cut-offs, 1 (1.7%) patient was underweight and 13 (21.7%) had normal weight. Forty six (76.7%) had their weight in the overweight or obese category. Fifty four (90.0%) patients had clinical or biochemical evidence of hyperandrogenism while 24 (40%) had polycystic ovaries on trans-abdominal ultrasound scan and 50 (83.3%) had irregular menstrual cycles. According to the body fat percentage assessed by the whole body DEXA scan 4.1% normal body fat, while 50.0% and 45.8% had overweight and obesity respectively. HOMA-IR detected 61.1% to have high insulin resistance. Out of the patients who had USS of the abdomen 27.5% had co-existent non-alcoholic fatty liver. Fifty four percent of the patients had sub/infertility. Conclusions: The majority of the population were overweight or obese and had higher prevalence of insulin resistance and non-alcoholic fatty liver. Out of the clinical characteristics used to make the diagnosis of PCOS, the presence of clinical or biochemical evidence of hyperandrogenism and irregular menstrual cycles are more common than the detection of polycystic ovaries on trans-vaginal USS. The higher prevalence of overweight, obesity, insulin resistance and NAFLD associated with PCOS makes the diagnosis and management of the disease crucial to prevent long term consequences of the disease. © 2022, The Author(s).
The Role of Nutrition on Meta-inflammation: Insights and Potential Targets in Communicable and Chronic Disease Management; Purpose of Review: Chronic low-grade inflammation may contribute to the onset and progression of communicable and chronic diseases. This review examined the effects and eventual mediation roles of different nutritional factors on inflammation. Recent Findings: Potential nutritional compounds influencing inflammation processes include macro and micronutrients, bioactive molecules (polyphenols), specific food components, and culinary ingredients as well as standardized dietary patterns, eating habits, and chrononutrition features. Therefore, research in this field is still required, taking into account critical aspects of heterogeneity including type of population, minimum and maximum intakes and adverse effects, cooking methods, physiopathological status, and times of intervention. Moreover, the integrative analysis of traditional variables (age, sex, metabolic profile, clinical history, body phenotype, habitual dietary intake, physical activity levels, and lifestyle) together with individualized issues (genetic background, epigenetic signatures, microbiota composition, gene expression profiles, and metabolomic fingerprints) may contribute to the knowledge and prescription of more personalized treatments aimed to improving the precision medical management of inflammation as well as the design of anti-inflammatory diets in chronic and communicable diseases. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
AMPK/mTOR-mediated therapeutic effect of metformin on myocardial ischaemia reperfusion injury in diabetic rat; Background: The autophagy associated signalling pathways such as AMPK/mTOR previously were suggested to play a crucial role in protecting from ischaemia–reperfusion injury (IRI). The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of metformin (DMBG) on autophagy during myocardial IRI with diabetes mellitus (DM). Methods: The DM rat model was established using streptozocin, and further induced ischaemia model via transitory ligation of the left anterior coronary artery and following reperfusion. The model rats were treated with 400 mg/kg/day DMBG for 1 week. Autophagosomes were investigated using transmission electron microscopy. Autophagy-associated signalling pathways were detected by western blot. Results: The myocardial infarct size was shown to significantly increase in the DM rats exposed to IRI compared to negative control, but decrease in DMBG treated. The mature autophagosomes were elevated in infarction and marginal zones of DM + IRI + DMBG compared to DM + IRI. Furthermore, the increasing protein levels of LC3-II, BECLIN 1, autophagy related 5 (ATG5) and AMP-activated protein kinase suggested activated autophagy-associated intracellular signalling AMPK and mTOR pathways upon DMBG treated. Conclusions: Taken together, the outcomes determinate a novel mechanism that DMBG could activate autophagy process to provide a cardio-protective effect against DM induced myocardial IRI. © 2022 Belgian Society of Cardiology.
Serum spexin differed in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes patients according to body mass index and increased with the improvement of metabolic status; Objective: The aim of this study was to explore serum spexin levels in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with different body mass indexes (BMIs) and to investigate the changes of spexin after improvement of metabolic indicators. Methods: A total of 323 newly diagnosed T2DM patients from national Metabolic Management Center (MMC) in Shanghai General Hospital were recruited. T2DM patients were categorized into three groups: diabetes with obesity group (DM-OB group, BMI≥28 kg/m2, n=89), diabetes with overweight group (DM-OV group, 24≤BMI<28 kg/m2, n=161), and diabetes with normal weight group (DM-NW group, 18≤BMI<24 kg/m2, n=73). In addition, 41 volunteers with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were used as controls. Spexin and metabolic parameters were compared at baseline, and changes after MMC follow-up in 100 DM patients were investigated. Results: In the DM-OB group, the level of spexin was significantly lower than that in the DM-OV group and the DM-NW group (P < 0.01). Spexin was significantly negatively related to body mass index (BMI, β=-0.214, P<0.001), waist circumference (β=-0.249, P<0.001), visceral fat area (VFA, β=-0.214, P<0.001), and subcutaneous fat area (SFA, β=-0.265, P<0.001) after adjustment for age and sex. Among all the metabolic indicators, the decline in BMI in the DM-OB group was the most obvious among those in the three groups (-3.7 ± 0.8 kg/m2 vs. -0.9 ± 0.3 kg/m2 vs. 0.7 ± 0.6 kg/m2, P<0.01) after one year of MMC standardized management. The serum spexin level in the DM-OB group increased the most (1.00 ± 0.10 ng/mL vs. 0.49 ± 0.06 ng/mL in DM-OV group and 0.58 ± 0.09 ng/mL in DM-NW group, P < 0.001). Conclusions: Serum spexin differed in newly diagnosed T2DM patients according to BMI and was lowest in the DM-OB group. With the improvement of metabolic indicators, especially the decline in BMI, serum spexin increased significantly after MMC management. Copyright © 2022 Gu, Yan, Huang, Yang, Peng and Wang.
One-year longitudinal association between changes in dietary choline or betaine intake and cardiometabolic variables in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea-Plus (PREDIMED-Plus) trial; Background: Choline and betaine intakes have been related to cardiovascular health. Objectives: We aimed to explore the relation between 1-y changes in dietary intake of choline or betaine and 1-y changes in cardiometabolic and renal function traits within the frame of the PREDIMED (PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea)-Plus trial. Methods: We used baseline and 1-y follow-up data from 5613 participants (48.2% female and 51.8% male; mean ± SD age: 65.01 ± 4.91 y) to assess cardiometabolic traits, and 3367 participants to assess renal function, of the Spanish PREDIMED-Plus trial. Participants met ≥3 criteria of metabolic syndrome and had overweight or obesity [BMI (in kg/m2) ≥27 and ≤40]. These criteria were similar to those of the PREDIMED parent study. Dietary intakes of choline and betaine were estimated from the FFQ. Results: The greatest 1-y increase in dietary choline or betaine intake (quartile 4) was associated with improved serum glucose concentrations (−3.39 and −2.72 mg/dL for choline and betaine, respectively) and HbA1c levels (−0.10% for quartile 4 of either choline or betaine intake increase). Other significant changes associated with the greatest increase in choline or betaine intake were reduced body weight (−2.93 and −2.78 kg, respectively), BMI (−1.05 and −0.99, respectively), waist circumference (−3.37 and −3.26 cm, respectively), total cholesterol (−4.74 and −4.52 mg/dL, respectively), and LDL cholesterol (−4.30 and −4.16 mg/dL, respectively). Urine creatinine was reduced in quartile 4 of 1-y increase in choline or betaine intake (−5.42 and −5.74 mg/dL, respectively). Conclusions: Increases in dietary choline or betaine intakes were longitudinally related to improvements in cardiometabolic parameters. Markers of renal function were also slightly improved, and they require further investigation. This trial was registered at https://www.isrctn.com/ as ISRCTN89898870. © 2022 American Society for Nutrition.
A Review of the Associations Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Possible Mechanisms of Disease; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) usually leads to the occurrence of diabetes. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common gestational complication associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Increasing studies suggest that women with OSA during pregnancy may be at a significantly greater risk of developing GDM. It is crucial to explore the association between OSA and GDM and the mechanisms underlying this association. In this review, we presented a comprehensive literature review of the following: the association between OSA and GDM, the possible mechanisms of this association, and the effects of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) on OSA with GDM. The results showed that most authors suggested that there was an association between OSA and GDM. The intermittent hypoxemia (IH) and reduction of slow-wave sleep (SWS) may be the key to this association. IH induces the products of oxidative stress and inflammation as well as dysregulation of the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal, which lead to diabetes. In addition, SWS reduction in OSA enhances the inflammation by increasing the inflammatory cytokines, increases the sympathetic activation, and causes changes in leptin level, which result in the development of GDM. Additionally, whether CPAP is beneficial to GDM remains still unclear. © 2022, The Author(s).
Pharmacological properties of total flavonoids in Scutellaria baicalensis for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases; Background: Scutellaria baicalensis, a medicinal herb belonging to the Lamiaceae family, has been recorded in the Chinese, European, and British Pharmacopoeias. The medicinal properties of this plant are attributed to the total flavonoids of Scutellaria baicalensis (TFSB), particularly the main component, baicalin. This study provides a systematic and comprehensive list of the identified TFSB components and their chemical structures. The quality control process, pharmacokinetics, clinical application, and safety of Scutellaria baicalensis are discussed, and its pharmacological effect on cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) is detailed. Finally, the future research trends and prospects of this medicinal plant are provided. Methods: The Chinese and English papers related to TFSB were collected from the PubMed and CNKI databases using the relevant keywords. To highlight the pharmacological mechanism, clinical application, and safety of TFSB, the collected articles were screened and classified based on their research content. Results: TFSB contains at least 100 different kinds of flavonoids, of which baicalin, baicalein, wogonin, wogonoside, scutellarin, and scutellarein are the main active ingredients. The preparation process of TFSB is relatively well established, and the extraction rate can be significantly increased by enzymatic pretreatment and ultrasonication. The low oral availability of TFSB may be effectively enhanced using nanoformulations. The available pharmacokinetic data show that flavonoid glycosides and aglycones with the same parent nucleus may be converted to structures that are conducive to absorption in vivo. Moreover, TFSB can protect against CVDs by inhibiting apoptosis, regulating oxidative stress response, participating in inflammatory response, protecting against myocardial fibrosis, inhibiting myocardial hypertrophy, and regulating blood vessels. In terms of clinical application and animal safety, the available studies show that TFSB can be applied in a wide range of clinical treatments and is safe to use is animals. Conclusion: This article systematically reviews the therapeutic effect and underlying pharmacological mechanism of TFSB against CVDs. The available studies clearly suggest that TFSB has great potential for the treatment of CVDs and is worthy of in-depth research and development. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
Inositols: pharmacology and findings of clinical trials. Current evidence and prospects; Alterations in reproductive functions are associated with metabolic disorders, eating habits and lifestyle. In this context, a growing body of research is currently focused on the use of various vitamins and vitamin-like substances, such as inositol, in female patients with alterations in reproductive functions and metabolic disorders. Co-administration of inositol with pathogenetic therapy can be recommended to women of reproductive age with metabolic syndrome, as an additional option for preserving fertility and activating ovarian functions in young female patients with diminished ovarian reserve. Myoinositol and D-chiroinositol are inositol stereoisomers demonstrating the highest metabolic activity. The beneficial ratio of Myoinositol (MI) to D-chiroinositol (DCI) ensures the healthy state of organs and tissues, while a misbalance or depletion of inositol levels can cause various diseases. Combination of MI and DCI in a 5:1 ratio with manganese and folic acid is an original non-hormonal formula designed to improve functional state of the female reproductive system as well as carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. In addition, this combination should be considered as a promising alternative for the management of metabolic disorders in perimenopausal women . © 2022, Meditsina-Inform LLC. All rights reserved.
Atypical functions of xenobiotic receptors in lipid and glucose metabolism; Xenobiotic receptors are traditionally defined as xenobiotic chemical-sensing receptors, the activation of which transcriptionally regulates the expression of enzymes and transporters involved in the metabolism and disposition of xenobiotics. Emerging evidence suggests that "xenobiotic receptors"also have diverse endobiotic functions, including their effects on lipid metabolism and energy metabolism. Dyslipidemia is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, metabolic syndrome, stroke, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Understanding the molecular mechanism by which transcriptional factors, including the xenobiotic receptors, regulate lipid homeostasis will help to develop preventive and therapeutic approaches. This review describes recent advances in our understanding the atypical roles of three xenobiotic receptors: aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR), pregnane X receptor (PXR), and constitutive androstane receptor (CAR), in metabolic disorders, with a particular focus on their effects on lipid and glucose metabolism. Collectively, the literatures suggest the potential values of AhR, PXR and CAR as therapeutic targets for the treatment of NAFLD, NASH, obesity and diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.  © 2022 the author(s), published by De Gruyter, Berlin/Boston.
Differences in lipid metabolism in acquired versus preexisting glucose intolerance during gestation: role of free fatty acids and sphingosine-1-phosphate; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. There is increasing evidence that GDM is a heterogeneous disease with different subtypes. An important question in this context is whether impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), which is a typical feature of the disease, may already be present before pregnancy and manifestation of the disease. The latter type resembles in its clinical manifestation prediabetes that has not yet manifested as type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Altered lipid metabolism plays a crucial role in the disorder's pathophysiology. The aim was to investigate the role of lipids which are relevant in diabetes-like phenotypes in these both models with different time of initial onset of IGT. Methods: Two rodent models reflecting different characteristics of human GDM were used to characterize changes in lipid metabolism occurring during gestation. Since the New Zealand obese (NZO)-mice already exhibit IGT before and during gestation, they served as a subtype model for GDM with preexisting IGT (preIGT) and were compared with C57BL/6 N mice with transient IGT acquired during gestation (aqIGT). While the latter model does not develop manifest diabetes even under metabolic stress conditions, the NZO mouse is prone to severe disease progression later in life. Metabolically healthy Naval Medical Research Institute (NMRI) mice served as controls. Results: In contrast to the aqIGT model, preIGT mice showed hyperlipidemia during gestation with elevated free fatty acids (FFA), triglycerides (TG), and increased atherogenic index. Interestingly, sphingomyelin (SM) concentrations in the liver decreased during gestation concomitantly with an increase in the sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) concentration in plasma. Further, preIGT mice showed impaired hepatic weight adjustment and alterations in hepatic FFA metabolism during gestation. This was accompanied by decreased expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARα) and lack of translocation of fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36) to the hepatocellular plasma membrane. Conclusion: The preIGT model showed impaired lipid metabolism both in plasma and liver, as well as features of insulin resistance consistent with increased S1P concentrations, and in these characteristics, the preIGT model differs from the common GDM subtype with aqIGT. Thus, concomitantly elevated plasma FFA and S1P concentrations, in addition to general shifts in sphingolipid fractions, could be an interesting signal that the metabolic disorder existed before gestation and that future pregnancies require more intensive monitoring to avoid complications. Graphical Abstract: This graphical abstract was created with BioRender.com.[Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2022, The Author(s).
Nobiletin as a chemopreventive natural product against cancer, a comprehensive review; As a leading cause of death, second only to heart disease, cancer has always been one of the burning topics in medical research. When targeting multiple signal pathways in tumorigenesis chemoprevention, using natural or synthetic anti-cancer drugs is a vital strategy to reduce cancer damage. However, toxic effects, multidrug resistance (MDR) as well as cancer stem cells (CSCs) all prominently limited the clinical application of conventional anticancer drugs. With low side effects, strong biological activity, unique mechanism, and wide range of targets, natural products derived from plants are considered significant sources for new drug development. Nobiletin is one of the most attractive compounds, a unique flavonoid primarily isolated from the peel of citrus fruits. Numerous studies in vitro and in vivo have suggested that nobiletin and its derivatives possess the eminent potential to become effective cancer chemoprevention agents through various cellular and molecular levels. This article aims to comprehensively review the anticancer efficacy and specific mechanisms of nobiletin, enhancing our understanding of its chemoprevention properties and providing the latest research findings. At the end of this review, we also give some discussion and future perspectives regarding the challenges and opportunities in nobiletin efficient exploitation. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Dietary Capsaicin: A Spicy Way to Improve Cardio-Metabolic Health?; Today’s sedentary lifestyle with too much food and too little exercise has made metabolic syndrome a pandemic. Metabolic syndrome is a major risk factor for type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. New knowledge of medical and nutraceutical intervention in the early stages of metabolic syndrome is central to prevent these deadly complications. People who eat chili pepper on a regular basis seem to stay healthier and live longer than those who do not. Animal experiments suggest a therapeutic potential for dietary capsaicin, the active principle in hot chili pepper, to reduce the risk of developing metabolic syndrome. This is an attractive theory since capsaicin has been a culinary staple for thousands of years, and is generally deemed safe when consumed in hedonically acceptable doses. The broad expression of the capsaicin receptor TRPV1 in metabolically active tissues lends experimental support to this theory. This review critically evaluates the available experimental and clinical evidence for and against dietary capsaicin being an effective dietary means to improve cardio-metabolic health. It comes to the conclusion that although a chili pepper-rich diet is associated with a reduced risk of dying due to cardiovascular disease, dietary capsaicin has no clear effect on blood glucose or lipid profiles. Therefore, the reduced mortality risk may reflect the beneficial action of digested capsaicin on gut microbiota. © 2022 by the author.
To do one and to get more: Part II. Diabetes and metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver diseases; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is characterized by inability of faulty pancreatic β-cells to secret a normal amount of insulin to maintain normal body consumption, and/or peripheral tissue has a decreased susceptibility to insulin, resulting in hyperglycemia and insulin resistance. Similar to other chronic systemic inflammatory diseases, DM is a result from dysregulated interactions between ethnic, genetic, epigenetic, immunoregulatory, hormonal, and environmental factors. Therefore, it is rational to suppose the concept as "To do one and to get more", while using antidiabetic agents (ADA), a main pharmacologic agent for the treatment of DM, can provide an extraglycemia effect on comorbidities or concomittent comorbidities to DM. In this review, based on the much strong correlation between DM and metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver diseases (MAFLD) shown by similar pathophysiological mechanisms and a high prevalence of DM in MAFLD and its vice versa (a high prevalence of MAFLD in DM), it is possible to use the strategy to target both diseases simultaneously. We focus on a new classification of ADA, such as glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor (GLP1R) agonist and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors to show the potential benefits of extraglycemic effect on MAFLD. We conclude that the management of DM patients, especially for those who need ADA as adjuvant therapy should include healthy lifestyle modification to overcome the metabolic syndrome, contributing to the urgent need of an effective weight-reduction strategy. GLP1R agonist is one of effective body weight-lowering medications, which may be a better choice for DM complicated with MAFLD or its-associated severe form as metabolic associated steatohepatitis (MASH), although the role of SGLT-2 inhibitors is also impressive. The prescription of these two classes of ADA may satisfy the concept "To do one and to get more", based on successful sugar-lowering effect for controlling DM and extraglycemia benefits of hepatoprotective activity in DM patients. © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health. All rights reserved.
The addition of exercise to a weight loss diet on inflammatory markers: a systematic review and Meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials; This systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials was performed to evaluate the effects of weight-loss diets plus exercise compared with weight-loss diets alone on inflammatory biomarkers in adults. PubMed, Scopus, EMBASE, Web of Science (ISI), and Google Scholar were searched up to April 2021. Overall effects were derived using a random effects model. The overall quality of evidence was assessed using Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). Twenty-nine trials were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. The meta-analysis showed no significant difference in serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) [weighted mean difference (WMD) = −0.004 mg/l, 95% CI: −0.140, 0.132, P = 0.954], interleukin-6 (IL-6) (WMD = −0.039 pg/ml, 95% CI: −0.233 to 0.156, P = 0.696), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) (WMD = 0.405 ng/ml, 95% CI: −1.036 to 0.226, P = 0.209) after adding exercise to a weight-loss diet compared with a weight-loss diet alone. Subgroup analysis revealed that exercise plus a weight-loss diet significantly reduced TNF-α in studies greater than 16 weeks in duration (WMD = −0.742 ng/ml, 95% CI: −1.384 to −0.1, P = 0.024). This systematic review and meta-analysis indicate that exercise in addition to a weight-loss diet does not have a significant effect on further reducing inflammatory markers compared to a weight loss diet alone. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Cadmium perturbed lipid profile and induced liver dysfunction in mice through phosphatidylcholine remodeling and promoting arachidonic acid synthesis and metabolism; Cadmium ion (Cd2+) exposure has been reported to associate with the prevalence of dyslipidemia, and contribute to the initiation and progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, Cd2+ exposure perturbed specific metabolic pathways and underlying mechanisms are still unclear. In the present study, through lipidomics analyses of differential metabolites in serum between the Cd2+-exposed mice and the control group, 179 differential metabolites were identified, among which phosphatidylcholines (PCs) accounted for 49 % metabolites. Moreover, the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment assay indicates that PCs participate in the metabolic pathways, including the Arachidonic Acid (AA) metabolism, which also could be potential NAFLD biomarkers. Moreover, in vivo and in vitro results suggested that Cd2+ exposure induced PC synthesis and remodeling, and increased AA level by promoting fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1) to catalyze synthesis process instead of cytosolic phospholipase A2 (cPLA2) mediated release pathway. Inhibition of FADS1 by T3364366 could reverse Cd-induced AA, prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and triglyceride (TAG) levels, and it also reduce cisplatin resistance in HepG2 cells. This study provides new evidence of Cd2+-induced dyslipidemia and reveals underlying molecular mechanism involved in liver dysfunction of Cd2+ exposure. © 2022 The Authors
The effect of exercise training on serum concentrations of chemerin in patients with metabolic diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Context: Elevated serum concentrations of chemerin is a significant factor in the development of metabolic disorders. Objective: This systematic review and meta-analysis evaluated the influence of exercise training on serum concentrations of chemerin in patients with metabolic diseases. Methods: Thirteen studies including 463 participants were included and analysed using a random-effects model to calculate weighted mean differences with 95% confidence intervals. Results: Results indicated that exercise training significantly decreased serum concentrations of chemerin in patients with metabolic diseases when compared with controls. Subgroup analysis showed that exercise training resulted in decreases in serum concentrations of chemerin in men, however, this was not significant in women. Moreover, subgroup analyses based on the type of exercise did not reveal differential effects on serum concentrations of chemerin. Conclusion: Exercise training may produce improvements in serum concentrations of chemerin in patients with metabolic diseases. Further longer-term studies are needed to confirm these findings. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A Novel Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor Antagonist HBU651 Ameliorates Peripheral and Hypothalamic Inflammation in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice; Obesity is a chronic peripheral inflammation condition that is strongly correlated with neurodegenerative diseases and associated with exposure to environmental chemicals. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) is a ligand-activated nuclear receptor activated by environmental chemical, such as dioxins, and also is a regulator of inflammation through interacting with nuclear factor (NF)-κB. In this study, we evaluated the anti-obesity and anti-inflammatory activity of HBU651, a novel AhR antagonist. In BV2 microglia cells, HBU651 successfully inhibited lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-mediated nuclear localization of NF-κB and production of NF-κB-dependent proinflammatory cytokines, such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, interleukin (IL)-1β, and IL-6. It also restored LPS-induced mitochondrial dysfunction. While mice being fed a high-fat diet (HFD) induced peripheral and central inflammation and obesity, HBU651 alleviated HFD-induced obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and liver enzyme activity, without hepatic and renal damage. HBU651 ameliorated the production of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, proinflammatory Ly6chigh monocytes, and macrophage infiltration in the blood, liver, and adipose tissue. HBU651 also decreased microglial activation in the arcuate nucleus in the hypothalamus. These findings suggest that HBU651 may be a potential candidate for the treatment of obesity-related metabolic diseases. © 2022 by the authors.
Association between Retinol-Binding Protein 4 Levels and Preeclampsia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is claimed to be associated with the development of preeclampsia, yet the reports are inconclusive. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the association between RBP4 levels and preeclampsia. The PubMed, Google Scholar and ScienceDirect databases were searched for studies that investigated RBP4 levels in preeclampsia patients and compared them with normal controls. The meta-analysis was conducted by calculating the standardized mean difference (SMD) of RBP4 between cases and controls. The meta package with the R software was used to perform all statistical analysis. A total of 13 studies, comprising 569 cases and 1411 controls, met the inclusion criteria and were thus included in the meta-analysis. According to the random effect model, the SMD of RBP4 was significantly higher in women with preeclampsia compared with normal controls [SMD of RBP4: 0.55 ng/mL; 95% CI (0.06; 1.05); p = 0.028; I2 = 89%]. Likewise, the stratified meta-analysis showed the same pattern in the studies which measured RBP4 levels in the third trimester, as well as in the studies that investigated severe preeclampsia. Meta-regression did not identify any factor that significantly affected the overall estimate. There was no evidence of reporting bias (Egger’s test; t = 0.43; p = 0.587). This meta-analysis with high heterogeneity showed that higher levels of RBP4 were associated with preeclampsia risk. More longitudinal studies spanning the three trimester periods are needed to clarify the association of RBP4 and its dynamics in preeclampsia cases throughout pregnancy. © 2022 by the authors.
Citrus polyphenols and risk of type 2 diabetes: Evidence from mechanistic studies; Citrus fruits are a rich source of (poly)phenols, a group of dietary bioactive compounds that protect against developing type 2 diabetes. Our review critically evaluates how experimental in vitro and animal models have elucidated some of the underlying mechanisms on how citrus (poly)phenols affect the markers of type 2 diabetes. According to animal studies, the beneficial effects derived from consuming citrus compounds appear to be related to long-term effects, rather than acute. There are some notable effects from citrus (poly)phenol metabolites on post-absorptive processes, such as modulation of hepatic glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in target tissues, but with a more modest effect on digestion and sugar absorption within the gut. Experimental studies on cells and other systems in vitro have indicated some of the possible mechanisms involved, but ∼70% of the studies utilized unrealistically high concentrations and forms of the compounds, compromising physiological relevance. Future studies should discuss the relevance of concentration used in in vitro experiments, relative to the proposed site of action, and also examine the role of catabolites produced by the gut microbiota. Finally, it is important to examine the relationship between the gut microbiota and bioavailability on the action of citrus (poly)phenols. © 2021 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The sirtuin family in health and disease; Sirtuins (SIRTs) are nicotine adenine dinucleotide(+)-dependent histone deacetylases regulating critical signaling pathways in prokaryotes and eukaryotes, and are involved in numerous biological processes. Currently, seven mammalian homologs of yeast Sir2 named SIRT1 to SIRT7 have been identified. Increasing evidence has suggested the vital roles of seven members of the SIRT family in health and disease conditions. Notably, this protein family plays a variety of important roles in cellular biology such as inflammation, metabolism, oxidative stress, and apoptosis, etc., thus, it is considered a potential therapeutic target for different kinds of pathologies including cancer, cardiovascular disease, respiratory disease, and other conditions. Moreover, identification of SIRT modulators and exploring the functions of these different modulators have prompted increased efforts to discover new small molecules, which can modify SIRT activity. Furthermore, several randomized controlled trials have indicated that different interventions might affect the expression of SIRT protein in human samples, and supplementation of SIRT modulators might have diverse impact on physiological function in different participants. In this review, we introduce the history and structure of the SIRT protein family, discuss the molecular mechanisms and biological functions of seven members of the SIRT protein family, elaborate on the regulatory roles of SIRTs in human disease, summarize SIRT inhibitors and activators, and review related clinical studies. © 2022, The Author(s).
The Role of microRNAs in Inflammation; Inflammation is a biological response of the immune system to various insults, such as pathogens, toxic compounds, damaged cells, and radiation. The complex network of pro- and anti-inflammatory factors and their direction towards inflammation often leads to the development and progression of various inflammation-associated diseases. The role of small non-coding RNAs (small ncRNAs) in inflammation has gained much attention in the past two decades for their regulation of inflammatory gene expression at multiple levels and their potential to serve as biomarkers and therapeutic targets in various diseases. One group of small ncRNAs, microRNAs (miRNAs), has become a key regulator in various inflammatory disease conditions. Their fine-tuning of target gene regulation often turns out to be an important factor in controlling aberrant inflammatory reactions in the system. This review summarizes the biogenesis of miRNA and the mechanisms of miRNA-mediated gene regulation. The review also briefly discusses various pro- and anti-inflammatory miRNAs, their targets and functions, and provides a detailed discussion on the role of miR-10a in inflammation. © 2022 by the authors.
Antidiabetic potential of seaweed and their bioactive compounds: a review of developments in last decade; Diabetes Mellitus is a public health problem worldwide due to high morbidity and mortality rate associated with it. Diabetes can be managed by synthetic hypoglycemic drugs, although their persistent uses have several side effects. Hence, there is a paradigm shift toward the use of natural products having antidiabetic potential. Seaweeds, large marine benthic algae, are an affluent source of various bioactive compounds, including phytochemicals and antioxidants thus exhibiting various health promoting properties. Seaweed extracts and its bioactive compounds have antidiabetic potential as they inhibit carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes in vitro and exhibit blood glucose lowering effect in random and post prandial blood glucose tests in vivo. In addition, they have been associated with reduced weight gain in animals probably by decreasing mRNA expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines with concomitant increase in mRNA expression levels of anti-inflammatory cytokines. Their beneficial effect has been seen in serum and hepatic lipid profile and antioxidant enzymes indicating the protective role of seaweeds against free radicals mediated oxidative stress induced hyperglycemia and associated hyperlipidemia. However, the detailed and in-depth studies of seaweeds as whole, their bioactive isolates and their extracts need to be explored further for their health benefits and wide application in food, nutraceutical and pharmaceutical industries. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
NRF2 and Diabetes: The Good, the Bad, and the Complex; Despite decades of scientific effort, diabetes continues to represent an incredibly complex and difficult disease to treat. This is due in large part to the multifactorial nature of disease onset and progression and the multiple organ sys-tems affected. An increasing body of scientific evidence indicates that a key mediator of diabetes progression is NRF2, a critical transcription factor that regulates redox, protein, and metabolic homeostasis. Importantly, while ex-perimental studies have confirmed the critical nature of proper NRF2 function in preventing the onset of diabetic outcomes, we have only just begun to scratch the surface of understanding the mechanisms by which NRF2 modulates diabetes progression, particularly across different causative contexts. One reason for this is the contradictory nature of the current literature, which can often be ac-credited to model discrepancies, as well as whether NRF2 is activated in an acute or chronic manner. Furthermore, despite therapeutic promise, there are no current NRF2 activators in clinical trials for the treatment of patients with diabetes. In this review, we briefly introduce the transcriptional programs regulated by NRF2 as well as how NRF2 it-self is regulated. We also review the current literature regarding NRF2 modulation of diabetic phenotypes across the different diabetes subtypes, including a brief discus-sion of contradictory results, as well as what is needed to progress the NRF2 diabetes field forward. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
Interplay of Lymphocytes with the Intestinal Microbiota in Children with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Abnormally high lymphocyte counts are seen in persons with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Gut microbiota dysbiosis is a risk factor for NAFLD. We assessed the gut microbiota of 63 healthy children and 63 children with NAFLD using 16S rRNA gene and metagenomic sequencing to explore the relationships. Compared with healthy children (HC group), the Bacteroidetes, Verrucomicrobia, and Akkermansia were less abundant, while the Actinobacteria were more abundant in children with NAFLD (FLD group). To understand the effect of lymphocytes on the gut microbiota of children with NAFLD, we compared the microbiota of 41 children with NAFLD and high numbers of lymphocytes (FLD_HL group) and 22 children with NAFLD and low numbers of lymphocytes (FLD_LL group). The abundances of Bacteroidetes, Verrucobacterium, and Akkermansia increased and Actinobacteria decreased in the FLD_LL group compared to the FLD_HL group. Akkermansia was negatively correlated with lymphocyte count. NAFLD may disturb the gut microbiota in children through reducing the abundance of Akkermansia and increasing the abundance of proinflammatory bacteria, such as Escherichia-Shigella. Conclusions: High lymphocyte counts are associated with disturbances of gut microbiota and emergence of opportunistic pathogens in children with NAFLD. © 2022 by the authors.
Association of glycated hemoglobin with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients and the severity of liver steatosis and fibrosis measured by transient elastography in adults without diabetes; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a well-known independent risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, research exploring the association between blood glucose management and the risk of NAFLD status in subjects without diabetes was insufficient. This study aimed to explore the association of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) with NAFLD status and the severity of liver steatosis and fibrosis in non-diabetic people. Methods: A cross-sectional analysis was conducted on 2998 non-diabetic American adults using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2017–2018 cycle. We used multivariable logistic regression models to evaluate the association between HbA1c and NAFLD status and the severity of liver steatosis and fibrosis. Interaction and stratified analyses were additionally performed. Results: The multivariate regression analyses showed that HbA1c was associated independently with NAFLD status in all the models (model1: OR = 2.834, 95%CI: 2.321, 3.461; model 2: OR = 2.900, 95%CI: 2.312, 3.637 and model 3: OR = 1.664, 95%CI: 1.284, 2.156). We further performed the interaction and stratified analyses and discovered a significant interaction between HbA1c and BMI (Pinteraction < 0.05). Finally, a robust link was shown between HbA1c level and the severity of liver steatosis, which was mainly significant in the prediabetes group, while the correlation was not significant in HbA1c level and severity of liver fibrosis after controlling for all the potential confounders. Conclusions: We concluded that HbA1c level was positively correlated to the risk of developing NAFLD in a large non-diabetic American population. Moreover, HbA1c level was associated with the severity of liver steatosis in subjects with prediabetes, suggesting that routine screening for HbA1c among individuals with prediabetes is necessary. © 2022, The Author(s).
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. Methods: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). Results: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. Conclusions: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2022, The Author(s).
Higher hemoglobin levels are an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes; Incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased rapidly. It poses significant risks for both mother and fetus affecting also negatively their longer-term metabolic heath. We asked whether early pregnancy maternal hemoglobin (Hb) levels, indicative for tissue oxygenation, would affect mother’s metabolic health and fetal outcome. We assessed in FinnGeDi, a Finnish multicenter case–control study for GDM (n = 1828), association of maternal 1st trimester Hb levels with metabolic parameters and perinatal outcome. Our data show that mothers with GDM had higher Hb levels compared to controls (mean difference 1.746 g/L). Hb levels associated positively with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose levels and glucose levels in a glucose tolerance test and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (bp) levels. When assessed in quartiles the highest Hb quartile had more chronic and gestational hypertension and the most adverse outcome of the metabolic parameters, dose-dependency seen in bp, BMI and glucose levels. In a multivariable regression analysis Hb levels remained an independently associated parameter for GDM after adjusting for key covariates (OR 1.019, 95% CI [1.007; 1.031]). In conclusion, higher maternal Hb levels within the normal variation are an independent risk factor for GDM in this population but have little effect on perinatal outcome. © 2022, The Author(s).
Low-normal serum unconjugated bilirubin levels are associated with late but not early carotid atherosclerotic lesions in T2DM subjects; Aims: We aimed to examine the association of serum unconjugated bilirubin (UCB) within normal limits with carotid atherosclerosis in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: This cross-sectional, real-world study was performed in 8,006 hospitalized T2DM patients including 4,153 men and 3,853 women with normal UCB. The subjects were stratified into quintiles based on serum UCB levels (<6.2, 6.2–7.9, 8.0–8.9, 9.0–10.9, and >10.9 μmol/l, respectively). Carotid atherosclerotic lesions detected by ultrasonography, including carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), carotid plaque, and stenosis, were compared among the five groups. The associations of serum UCB levels and quintiles with carotid atherosclerotic lesions were also determined by multiple logistic regression. Results: The prevalence of carotid plaque (55.3%, 49.5%, 47.4%, 43.8%, and 37.5%, respectively; p < 0.001 for trend) and stenosis (15.2%, 12.2%, 9.1%, 7.7%, and 5.4%, respectively; p < 0.001 for trend) was progressively lower across the UCB quintiles even after adjusting for age, sex, and duration of diabetes. Results of a fully adjusted multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that serum UCB levels and quintiles were significantly associated with carotid plaque and stenosis. Compared with the subjects in the lowest UCB quintile, the risk of carotid plaque decreased by 25.5%, 28.7%, 33.5%, and 42.8%, and that of carotid stenosis by 24.6%, 37.4%, 44.9%, and 47.3%, respectively, in those from the second to highest UCB quintiles. High serum UCB within the normal range was a protective factor against carotid plaque [odds ratio (OR) 0.810, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.747–0.878; p < 0.001] and stenosis [OR 0.722, 95% CI 0.647–0.805; p < 0.001]. However, no significant association was observed between serum UCB and CIMT in T2DM patients. Furthermore, C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were significantly higher in the subjects with carotid atherosclerosis than in those without carotid atherosclerosis and clearly decreased across the UCB quintiles. Conclusions: Serum UCB within normal limits is inversely associated with late carotid atherosclerotic lesions including carotid plaque and stenosis but not CIMT, an early carotid atherosclerotic lesion in T2DM patients. High-normal UCB may be protective against carotid atherosclerosis by its anti-inflammation effect, which was indicated by significantly decreased CRP levels from the lowest to highest UCB quintiles. Copyright © 2022 Jin, Wang, Ke, Li, Li and Li.
Roles of osteoprotegerin in endocrine and metabolic disorders through receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B signaling; Endocrine and metabolic diseases show increasing incidence and high treatment costs worldwide. Due to the complexity of their etiology and mechanism, therapeutic strategies are still lacking. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, appears to be a potential candidate for the treatment of these diseases. Studies based on clinical analysis and rodent animal models reveal the roles of OPG in various endocrine and metabolic processes or disorders, such as bone remodeling, vascular calcification, and β-cell proliferation, through the receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) and the receptor activator of NF-κB (RANK). Thus, in this review, we mainly focus on relevant diseases, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to summarize the effects of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in endocrine and metabolic tissues and diseases, thereby providing a comprehensive insight into OPG as a potential drug for endocrine and metabolic diseases. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Zeng, Jiang, Han and Huang.
Maternal Mediterranean Diet Adherence and Its Associations with Maternal Prenatal Stressors and Child Growth; Background: Psychosocial and physiologic stressors, such as depression and obesity, during pregnancy can have negative consequences, such as increased systemic inflammation, contributing to chronic disease for both mothers and their unborn children. These conditions disproportionately affect racial/ethnic minorities. The effects of recommended dietary patterns in mitigating the effects of these stressors remain understudied. Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the relations between maternal Mediterranean diet adherence (MDA) and maternal and offspring outcomes during the first decade of life in African Americans, Hispanics, and Whites. Methods: This study included 929 mother-child dyads from the NEST (Newborn Epigenetics STudy), a prospective cohort study. FFQs were used to estimate MDA in pregnant women. Weight and height were measured in children between birth and age 8 y. Multivariable linear regression models were used to examine associations between maternal MDA, inflammatory cytokines, and pregnancy and postnatal outcomes. Results: More than 55% of White women reported high MDA during the periconceptional period compared with 22% of Hispanic and 18% of African American women (P < 0.05). Higher MDA was associated with lower likelihood of depressive mood (β =-0.45; 95% CI:-0.90,-0.18; P = 0.02) and prepregnancy obesity (β =-0.29; 95% CI:-0.57,-0.0002; P = 0.05). Higher MDA was also associated with lower body size at birth, which was maintained to ages 3-5 and 6-8 y-this association was most apparent in White children (3-5 y: β =-2.9, P = 0.02; 6-8 y: β =-3.99, P = 0.01). Conclusions: If replicated in larger studies, our data suggest that MDA provides a potent avenue by which effects of prenatal stressors on maternal and fetal outcomes can be mitigated to reduce ethnic disparities in childhood obesity.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Gut microbiota is correlated with gastrointestinal adverse events of metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes; Aim: Gastrointestinal discomfort is the most common adverse event in metformin treatment for type 2 diabetes. The mechanism of action of metformin is associated with gut microbiota. However, the gut microbial community structure related to metformin-induced gastrointestinal adverse events remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate it. Methods: 50 patients with newly diagnosed diabetes were treated with metformin 1500mg/d for 12 weeks. The patients were divided into two groups according to whether gastrointestinal adverse events occurred (group B) or did not occur (group A) after treatment. The fecal bacterial communities and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) were sequenced and compared. 70 diabetes mice were randomly divided into 8 groups and treated with metformin (Met), clindamycin (Clin) and/or SCFA, which were the Met+/Clin+, Met+/Clin-, Met-/Clin+, Met-/Clin-, Met+/SCFA+, Met+/SCFA-, Met-/SCFA+ and Met-/SCFA- group. After 4 weeks of metformin treatment, blood glucose, food intake, fecal SCFAs, gut microbiota and gut hormones were measured. Results: Metformin increased the abundance of Phascolarctobacterium, Intestinimonas and Clostridium III. Functional prediction analysis showed that the propanoate metabolism pathway was significantly up-regulated. The concentrations of acetic acid and propanoic acid in feces were significantly increased. The abundance of Clostridium sensu stricto, Streptococcus and Akkermansia induced by metformin in group B was higher than that in group A. The propanoate metabolism pathway and propanoic acid in feces were significantly up-regulated in group B. In the animal experiments, the food intake decreased and glucose control increased in metformin groups compared with those in the control groups. The total GLP-1 level in the Met+/Clin- group was significantly higher than that in the Met-/Clin- group, while there was no statistical difference between the Met-/Clin- and Met+/Clin+ group. The total GLP-1 level in the Met-/SCFA+ group was significantly higher than that in the Met-/SCFA-group, while the levels of total GLP-1 and active GLP-1 in the Met+/SCFA- group and the Met+/SCFA+ group were significantly higher than those in the Met-/SCFA-group. Conclusions: Our data suggest that metformin promotes the secretion of intestinal hormones such as GLP-1 by increasing the abundance of SCFA-producing bacteria, which not only plays an anti-diabetic role, but also may causes gastrointestinal adverse events. Copyright © 2022 Huang, Lou, Jiang, Ji, Tao, Sun and Bao.
Perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) as risk factors for breast cancer: a case–control study in Chinese population; Background: Perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) are a large family of synthetic chemicals, some of which are mammary toxicants and endocrine disruptors. Recent studies have implicated exposure to PFASs as a risk factor for breast cancer in Europe and America. Little is known about the role of PFASs with respect to breast cancer in the Chinese population. Methods: Participants who were initially diagnosed with breast cancer at Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital between 2012 and 2016 were recruited as cases. The controls were randomly selected from the participants with available blood samples in the Chinese National Breast Cancer Screening Program (CNBCSP) cohort. Ultimately, we enrolled 373 breast cancer patients and 657 controls. Plasma PFASs were measured by an ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) system coupled to a 5500 Q-Trap triple quadrupole mass spectrometer. A logistic regression model with least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regularization was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) to assess the relationships between PFASs and breast cancer. The three most predictive variables in the LASSO model were selected from 17 PFASs, which was based on the optimal penalty coefficient (λ = 0.0218) identified with the minimum criterion. Additionally, Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) and quantile g-computation models were applied to evaluate the associations between separate and mixed exposure to PFASs and breast cancer. Results: Perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) exhibited the highest concentration in both the cases and controls. Perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluoro-n-decanoic acid (PFDA) were positively associated with breast cancer, and perfluoro-n-tridecanoic acid (PFTrDA) was negatively associated with breast cancer according to both the continuous-PFASs and the quartile-PFASs logistic regression models. Of note, PFOA was associated with the occurrence of estrogen receptor (ER)-, progesterone receptor (PR)-, and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer (ORER+ = 1.47, 95% CI: 1.19, 1.80; ORPR+ = 1.36, 95% CI: 1.09, 1.69; ORHER2 = 1.62, 95% CI: 1.19, 2.21). Conclusions: Overall, we observed that PFASs were associated with breast cancer in Chinese women. Prospective cohort studies and mechanistic experiments are warranted to elucidate whether these associations are causal. © 2022, The Author(s).
Resistance Training as a Countermeasure in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Current Literature and Future Directions; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a significant health concern for both mother and offspring. Exercise has emerged as a cornerstone of glycemic management in GDM. However, most research regarding this topic examines aerobic training (AT), despite substantial evidence for the effectiveness of resistance training (RT) in improving dysregulated glucose in other groups of people with diabetes, such as in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Thus, the purpose of this paper is to review research that examined the impact of RT on markers of glucose management in GDM, and to discuss future research directions to determine the benefits of RT in GDM. Based on the current evidence, RT is effective in reducing insulin requirement, especially in overweight women, reducing fasting glucose concentrations, and improving short-term postprandial glycemic control. However, the number of studies and findings limit conclusions about the impact of RT on risk of GDM, fasting insulin concentrations, insulin resistance, β-cell function, and intra-exercise glucose management. Overall, current evidence is accumulating to suggest that RT is a promising non-pharmacological tool to regulate circulating glucose concentrations in women with GDM, and a potential alternative or supplement to AT. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exposure induces liver injury by promoting ferroptosis via downregulation of GPX4 in pregnant mice; As one kind of endocrine disrupting chemical, di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) has been reported to cause liver dysfunction in epidemiological and experimental studies. Abnormal liver function in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Few studies have investigated the potential effect of gestational DEHP exposure on the liver in pregnant mice, and the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. In the present study, pregnant ICR mice were exposed to doses (0, 500, 1,000 mg/kg/day) of DEHP in the presence or absence of 5 mg/kg/day ferrostatin-1 (Fer-1, ferroptosis inhibitor) by oral gavage from gestation day 4 to day 18. HepG2 cells were exposed to different doses of monoethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP, a major metabolite of DEHP) in vitro. Hepatic function and pathologic changes were observed. Oxidative stress, iron metabolism, and ferroptosis-related indicators and genes were evaluated both in vivo and in vitro. The results showed that gestational DEHP exposure induced disordered liver function and hepatocyte morphology changes in pregnant mice, along with increased malondialdehyde (MDA) and Fe2+ content and decreased glutathione (GSH) levels. The expression levels of the selected ferroptosis-related genes Slc7a11, Gpx4, and Nfr2 were significantly decreased, and Ptgs2 and Lpcat3 were significantly increased. Notably, Fer-1 attenuated DEHP-induced liver injury and ferroptosis. Furthermore, MEHP exhibited a synergistic effect with RSL3 (a GPX4 inhibitor) in promoting ferroptosis in vitro. Taken together, the results demonstrated that DEHP induced liver injury and ferroptosis in pregnant mice, probably by inhibiting the GPX4 pathway through lipid peroxidation and iron accumulation. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Zhen, Cheng, Hu, Jia, Huang and Jiang.
Evaluating the knowledge on microbiome and dysbiosis in allergic diseases among medical sciences students in Saudi Arabia; Background: Microbiome science deals with the development of diseases that are derived from the interaction between the host immune system and microbes. Microbiome disturbance or dysbiosis has been increasingly recognized as an important contributor to the pathogenesis of allergic diseases. Thus, this field is pivotal in the management of allergic disorders. Despite the increasing prevalence of allergic disorders in Saudi Arabia, medical students lack knowledge of microbiome science. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the level of knowledge of medical sciences students on the human microbiome, dysbiosis, and management of the impaired microbiome with a focus on allergic diseases and asthma. Methods: An online survey was designed, validated, and distributed to 100 final-year students and interns majoring in clinical nutrition, public health, and clinical laboratory sciences at a single university in Saudi Arabia. The study period was from November 2020 to January 2021. Results: The overall knowledge of the human microbiome was adequate among the participants, but their understanding of dysbiosis and management of the impaired microbiome was low to moderate. Knowledge of dysbiosis management was significantly higher in students majoring in clinical nutrition than in those majoring in public health and clinical laboratory sciences. Conclusions: Collectively, this study provides the first evidence that knowledge of specific domains of microbiome science among a cohort of medical sciences students in Saudi Arabia is insufficient. Large-scale studies are warranted to confirm these observations at a national level, and specific curriculum modifications are necessary to improve the knowledge of future healthcare professionals about clinical applications of microbiome science. © 2022, The Author(s).
Predicting Factors for Metabolic Non-Response to a Complex Lifestyle Intervention—A Replication Analysis to a Randomized-Controlled Trial; Background: T2DM heterogeneity affects responsiveness to lifestyle treatment. Beta-cell failure and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) independently predict T2DM, but NAFLD inconsistently predicts metabolic response to lifestyle intervention. Aim: We attempt to replicate a prediction model deducted from the Tübinger Lifestyle Intervention Program by assessing similar metabolic factors to predict conversion to normal glucose regulation (NGR) in a comparable lifestyle intervention trial. Methods: In the Optimal Fiber Trial (OptiFiT), 131 Caucasian participants with prediabetes completed a one-year lifestyle intervention program and received a fiber or placebo supplement. We compared baseline parameters for responders and non-responders, assessed correlations of major metabolic changes and conducted a logistic regression analysis for predictors of remission to NGR. Results: NGR was achieved by 33 participants, respectively. At baseline, for the placebo group only, 1 h and 2 h glucose levels, glucose AUC and Cederholm index predicted conversion to NGR. HOMA-beta, HOMA-IR or liver fat indices did not differ between responders and non-responders of the placebo or the fiber group. Changes in waist circumference or fatty liver index correlated with changes in glycemia and insulin resistance, but not with changes in insulin secretion. Insulin-resistant NAFLD did not predict non-response. Differences in compliance did not explain the results. Conclusions: Higher post-challenge glucose levels strongly predicted the metabolic non-response to complex lifestyle intervention in our cohort. Depending on the specific intervention and the investigated cohort, fasting glucose levels and insulin sensitivity might contribute to the risk pattern. Beta-cell function did not improve in accordance with other metabolic improvements, qualifying as a potential risk factor for non-response. We could not replicate previous data suggesting that an insulin-resistant fatty liver is a specific risk factor for treatment failure. Replication studies are required. © 2022 by the authors.
The effects of gestational diabetes mellitus with maternal age between 35 and 40 years on the metabolite profiles of plasma and urine; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as impaired glucose tolerance in pregnancy and without a history of diabetes mellitus. While there are limited metabolomic studies involving advanced maternal age in China, we aim to investigate the metabolomic profiling of plasma and urine in pregnancies complicated with GDM aged at 35–40 years at early and late gestation. Methods: Twenty normal and 20 GDM pregnant participants (≥ 35 years old) were enlisted from the Complex Lipids in Mothers and Babies (CLIMB) study. Maternal plasma and urine collected at the first and third trimester were detected using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Results: One hundred sixty-five metabolites and 192 metabolites were found in plasma and urine respectively. Urine metabolomic profiles were incapable to distinguish GDM from controls, in comparison, there were 14 and 39 significantly different plasma metabolites between the two groups in first and third trimester respectively. Especially, by integrating seven metabolites including cysteine, malonic acid, alanine, 11,14-eicosadienoic acid, stearic acid, arachidic acid, and 2-methyloctadecanoic acid using multivariant receiver operating characteristic models, we were capable of discriminating GDM from normal pregnancies with an area under curve of 0.928 at first trimester. Conclusion: This study explores metabolomic profiles between GDM and normal pregnancies at the age of 35–40 years longitudinally. Several compounds have the potential to be biomarkers to predict GDM with advanced maternal age. Moreover, the discordant metabolome profiles between the two groups could be useful to understand the etiology of GDM with advanced maternal age. © 2022, The Author(s).
Microbe-bridged disease-metabolite associations identification by heterogeneous graph fusion; Motivation: Metabolomics has developed rapidly in recent years, and metabolism-related databases are also gradually constructed. Nowadays, more and more studies are being carried out on diverse microbes, metabolites and diseases. However, the logics of various associations among microbes, metabolites and diseases are limited understanding in the biomedicine of gut microbial system. The collection and analysis of relevant microbial bioinformation play an important role in the revelation of microbe–metabolite–disease associations. Therefore, the dataset that integrates multiple relationships and the method based on complex heterogeneous graphs need to be developed. Results: In this study, we integrated some databases and extracted a variety of associations data among microbes, metabolites and diseases. After obtaining the three interconnected bilateral association data (microbe–metabolite, metabolite–disease and disease–microbe), we considered building a heterogeneous graph to describe the association data. In our model, microbes were used as a bridge between diseases and metabolites. In order to fuse the information of disease–microbe–metabolite graph, we used the bipartite graph attention network on the disease–microbe and metabolite–microbe bipartite graph. The experimental results show that our model has good performance in the prediction of various disease–metabolite associations. Through the case study of type 2 diabetes mellitus, Parkinson’s disease, inf lammatory bowel disease and liver cirrhosis, it is noted that our proposed methodology are valuable for the mining of other associations and the prediction of biomarkers for different human diseases.Availability and implementation: https://github.com/Selenefreeze/DiMiMe.git © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
A “One-Stop Shop” Decision Tree for Diagnosing and Phenotyping Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome on Serum Metabolic Fingerprints; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disease regulated by metabolic disorders, the effective intervention of which depends on diverse phenotypes (e.g., insulin resistance). Serum metabolic fingerprint (SMF) holds promise in characterizing the pathogenesis stress related to diseases; yet, PCOS diagnosis and phenotyping are time-consuming and challenging due to the lack of an integrated metabolic tool. Here, a nanoparticle-enhanced laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry platform is introduced for one-time serum metabolic fingerprinting and to identify the metabolic heterogeneity associated with obesity in PCOS patients. A decision tree based on the acquired SMFs is constructed, and real-world simulations on independent internal and external cohorts are performed. The decision tree yields the area under the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUC) of 0.967 for PCOS diagnosis and AUC of 0.898 for phenotyping, respectively. The technical robustness of the “one-stop shop” decision tree across laboratories is validated for clinical utility. The decision tree aims to improve PCOS management in comparison to clinical assessment, leading to a potential reduction in multiple blood tests and physician workload. © 2022 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Changes in the Incidence of Childhood Obesity; OBJECTIVES: Examine childhood obesity incidence across recent cohorts. METHODS: We examined obesity incidence and prevalence across 2 cohorts of children in the United States 12 years apart using the Early Childhood Longitudinal Studies, parallel data sets following the kindergarten cohorts of 1998 and 2010 with direct anthropometric measurements at multiple time points through fifth grade in 2004 and 2016, respectively. We investigated annualized incidence rate and cumulative incidence proportion of obesity (BMI z-score $95th percentile based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention weight-for-age z-scores). RESULTS: Among children who did not have obesity at kindergarten entry, there was a 4.5% relative increase in cumulative incidence of new obesity cases by end of fifth grade across cohorts (15.5% [14.1%–16.9%] vs 16.2% [15.0%–17.3%]), though annual incidence did not change substantially. The risk of incident obesity for children who had normal BMI at kindergarten entry stayed the same, but the risk of incident obesity among overweight kindergartners increased slightly. Social disparities in obesity incidence expanded: incidence of new cases during primary school among non-Hispanic Black children increased by 29% (95% confidence interval, 25%–34%), whereas risk for other race–ethnic groups plateaued or decreased. Children from the most socioeconomically disadvantaged households experienced 15% higher cumulative incidence across primary school in 2010 than 1998. CONCLUSIONS: Incidence of childhood obesity was higher, occurred at younger ages, and was more severe than 12 years previous; thus, more youths may now be at risk for health consequences associated with early onset of obesity. © 2022 American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 5: Diverse roles in cancer; Insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs) and the associated signaling components in the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) pathway regulate cell differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis, and adhesion. Of the IGFBPs, insulin-like growth factor binding protein 5 (IGFBP5) is the most evolutionarily conserved with a dynamic range of IGF-dependent and -independent functions, and studies on the actions of IGFBP5 in cancer have been somewhat paradoxical. In cancer, the IGFBPs respond to external stimuli to modulate disease progression and therapeutic responsiveness in a context specific manner. This review discusses the different roles of IGF signaling and IGFBP5 in disease with an emphasis on discoveries within the last twenty years, which underscore a need to clarify the IGF-independent actions of IGFBP5, the impact of its subcellular localization, the differential activities of each of the subdomains, and the response to elements of the tumor microenvironment (TME). Additionally, recent advances addressing the role of IGFBP5 in resistance to cancer therapeutics will be discussed. A better understanding of the contexts in which IGFBP5 functions will facilitate the discovery of new mechanisms of cancer progression that may lead to novel therapeutic opportunities Copyright © 2022 Waters, Urbano, Robinson and House.
Thallium(I) exposure perturbs the gut microbiota and metabolic profile as well as the regional immune function of C57BL/6 J mice; Intestinal microbes regulate the development of diseases induced by environmental exposure. Thallium (Tl) is a highly toxic heavy metal, and its toxicity is rarely discussed in relation to gut microbes. Herein, we showed that Tl(I) exposure (10 ppm for 2 weeks) affected the alpha diversity of bacteria in the ileum, colon, and feces, but had little effect on the beta diversity of bacteria through 16S rRNA sequencing. LEfSe analysis revealed that Tl(I) exposure changed the abundance of intestinal microbiota along the digestive tract. Cecum metabolomic detection and analysis showed that Tl(I) exposure altered the abundance and composition of metabolites. In addition, the Kyoto Encyclopaedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) enrichment analysis revealed that Tl(I) exposure impaired amino acid, lipid, purine metabolism, and G protein-coupled receptor signalling pathways. A consistency test revealed a strong correlation, and a Pearson’s correlation analysis showed an extensive interaction, between microorganisms and metabolites. Analysis of the intestinal immunity revealed that Tl(I) exposure suppressed the immune responses, which also had regional differences. These results identify the perturbation of the intestinal microenvironment by Tl exposure and provide a new explanation for Tl toxicity. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Cardiovascular/Stroke Risk Stratification in Diabetic Foot Infection Patients Using Deep Learning-Based Artificial Intelligence: An Investigative Study; A diabetic foot infection (DFI) is among the most serious, incurable, and costly to treat conditions. The presence of a DFI renders machine learning (ML) systems extremely nonlinear, posing difficulties in CVD/stroke risk stratification. In addition, there is a limited number of well-explained ML paradigms due to comorbidity, sample size limits, and weak scientific and clinical validation methodologies. Deep neural networks (DNN) are potent machines for learning that generalize nonlinear situations. The objective of this article is to propose a novel investigation of deep learning (DL) solutions for predicting CVD/stroke risk in DFI patients. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) search strategy was used for the selection of 207 studies. We hypothesize that a DFI is responsible for increased morbidity and mortality due to the worsening of atherosclerotic disease and affecting coronary artery disease (CAD). Since surrogate biomarkers for CAD, such as carotid artery disease, can be used for monitoring CVD, we can thus use a DL-based model, namely, Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) for CVD/stroke risk prediction in DFI patients, which combines covariates such as office and laboratory-based biomarkers, carotid ultrasound image phenotype (CUSIP) lesions, along with the DFI severity. We confirmed the viability of CVD/stroke risk stratification in the DFI patients. Strong designs were found in the research of the DL architectures for CVD/stroke risk stratification. Finally, we analyzed the AI bias and proposed strategies for the early diagnosis of CVD/stroke in DFI patients. Since DFI patients have an aggressive atherosclerotic disease, leading to prominent CVD/stroke risk, we, therefore, conclude that the DL paradigm is very effective for predicting the risk of CVD/stroke in DFI patients. © 2022 by the authors.
Trends in insulin resistance: insights into mechanisms and therapeutic strategy; The centenary of insulin discovery represents an important opportunity to transform diabetes from a fatal diagnosis into a medically manageable chronic condition. Insulin is a key peptide hormone and mediates the systemic glucose metabolism in different tissues. Insulin resistance (IR) is a disordered biological response for insulin stimulation through the disruption of different molecular pathways in target tissues. Acquired conditions and genetic factors have been implicated in IR. Recent genetic and biochemical studies suggest that the dysregulated metabolic mediators released by adipose tissue including adipokines, cytokines, chemokines, excess lipids and toxic lipid metabolites promote IR in other tissues. IR is associated with several groups of abnormal syndromes that include obesity, diabetes, metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), cardiovascular disease, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and other abnormalities. Although no medication is specifically approved to treat IR, we summarized the lifestyle changes and pharmacological medications that have been used as efficient intervention to improve insulin sensitivity. Ultimately, the systematic discussion of complex mechanism will help to identify potential new targets and treat the closely associated metabolic syndrome of IR. © 2022, The Author(s).
Favorable association between Mediterranean diet (MeD) and DASH with NAFLD among Iranian adults of the Amol Cohort Study (AmolCS); Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an emerging cause of chronic liver diseases and a major health problem worldwide. Dietary patterns may play a critical role in controlling and preventing this disease, but the available evidence is scarce. The current study aims to ascertain the association of adherence to the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and Mediterranean diet (MeD) with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among Iranian adults of the Amol Cohort Study (AmolCS). In a cross-sectional analysis among 3220 adults (55.3% men), age ≥ 18 years (46.96 ± 14.67), we measured usual dietary intake with a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and then calculated dietary pattern scores for DASH and MeD. Sociodemographic and lifestyle factors were collected by a structured questionnaire. The presence and degree of NAFLD were also determined by abdominal sonography. Multiple regression models were used to estimate NAFLD odds across tertiles of DASH and Mediterranean dietary scores. Dietary DASH and Mediterranean components were adjusted for total energy intake, based on the residual methods. After adjusting for multiple potential confounders, we found an inverse association of DASH and MeD with NAFLD (Ptrend = 0.02, and Ptrend = 0.002, respectively). Those in the highest tertiles of adherence to the DASH and MeD had the lowest risk for NAFLD (OR = 0.80, 95%CI = 0.66–0.96, OR = 0.64, 95%CI = 0.52–0.78, respectively). The results of logistic analysis of MeD, stratified by gender and abdominal obesity, revealed the favorable association was more pronounced in women (OR = 0.42, 95%CI = 0.29–0.61, Ptrend = 0.004), and in participants with or without abdominal obesity (OR = 0.62, 95% CI = 0.47–0.81, Ptrend = 0.03, OR = 0.64, 95%CI = 0.475–0.91, Ptrend = 0.04, respectively). Similar results were obtained for the adherence to DASH diet score with the prevalence of NAFLD patients with abdominal obesity (OR = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.57–0.97, Ptrend = 0.04). The findings suggested the favorable association between DASH and MeD with NAFLD in Iranian adults, especially women and subjects with or without abdominal obesity. Further prospective investigations are needed to confirm the integrity of our findings. © 2022, The Author(s).
Ultra-processed foods and human health: from epidemiological evidence to mechanistic insights; Epidemiological studies have suggested a role for ultra-processed foods in numerous chronic inflammatory diseases such as inflammatory bowel diseases and metabolic syndrome. Preclinical and clinical studies are accumulating to better decipher the effects of various aspects of food processing and formulation on the aetiology of chronic, debilitating inflammatory diseases. In this Review, we provide an overview of the current data that highlight an association between ultra-processed food consumption and various chronic diseases, with a focus on epidemiological evidence and mechanistic insights involving the intestinal microbiota. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Endoplasmic reticulum stress in metabolic disorders: opposite roles of phytochemicals and food contaminants; Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress is a temporary disruption of ER homeostasis, which acts as a protective response of cells. However, prolonged ER stress is a critical factor in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome, including diabetes, obesity, and their related disorders. Recently, a vast array of research has focused on the effects of plant-based components on alleviating ER stress by suppressing unfolded protein response signaling pathways, such as hesperidin, tectorigenin, resveratrol, naringenin, and vitexin, thus exhibiting protective effects on metabolic disorders. Meanwhile, several food contaminants such as insecticides (including pyrethroids and neonicotinoids) have been found to aggravate ER-stress-induced neuronal apoptosis and further lead to neurotoxicity. In this review, the opposite roles of phytochemicals and food contaminants and their underlying mechanisms related to ER stress have been summarized in order to come up with potential strategies to prevent the increasing prevalence of metabolic syndrome. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Insight into genetic, biological, and environmental determinants of sexual-dimorphism in type 2 diabetes and glucose-related traits; There is growing evidence that sex and gender differences play an important role in risk and pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Men develop T2D earlier than women, even though there is more obesity in young women than men. This difference in T2D prevalence is attenuated after the menopause. However, not all women are equally protected against T2D before the menopause, and gestational diabetes represents an important risk factor for future T2D. Biological mechanisms underlying sex and gender differences on T2D physiopathology are not yet fully understood. Sex hormones affect behavior and biological changes, and can have implications on lifestyle; thus, both sex-specific environmental and biological risk factors interact within a complex network to explain the differences in T2D risk and physiopathology in men and women. In addition, lifetime hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors are generally more dramatic in women than men (ovarian cycle, pregnancy, and menopause). Progress in genetic studies and rodent models have significantly advanced our understanding of the biological pathways involved in the physiopathology of T2D. However, evidence of the sex-specific effects on genetic factors involved in T2D is still limited, and this gap of knowledge is even more important when investigating sex-specific differences during the life course. In this narrative review, we will focus on the current state of knowledge on the sex-specific effects of genetic factors associated with T2D over a lifetime, as well as the biological effects of these different hormonal stages on T2D risk. We will also discuss how biological insights from rodent models complement the genetic insights into the sex-dimorphism effects on T2D. Finally, we will suggest future directions to cover the knowledge gaps. Copyright © 2022 Lamri, De Paoli, De Souza, Werstuck, Anand and Pigeyre.
Highlighting the trajectory from intrauterine growth restriction to future obesity; During the last decades several lines of evidence reported the association of an adverse intrauterine environment, leading to intrauterine restriction, with future disease, such as obesity and metabolic syndrome, both leading to increased cardiovascular and cancer risk. The underlying explanation for this association has firstly been expressed by the Barker’s hypothesis, the “thrifty phenotype hypothesis”. According to this hypothesis, a fetus facing an adverse intrauterine environment adapts to this environment through a reprogramming of its endocrine-metabolic status, during the crucial window of developmental plasticity to save energy for survival, providing less energy and nutrients to the organs that are not essential for survival. This theory evolved to the concept of the developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD). Thus, in the setting of an adverse, f. ex. protein restricted intrauterine environment, while the energy is mainly directed to the brain, the peripheral organs, f.ex. the muscles and the liver undergo an adaptation that is expressed through insulin resistance. The adaptation at the hepatic level predisposes to future dyslipidemia, the modifications at the vascular level to endothelial damage and future hypertension and, overall, through the insulin resistance to the development of metabolic syndrome. All these adaptations are suggested to take place through epigenetic modifications of the expression of genes without change of their amino-acid sequence. The epigenetic modifications leading to future obesity and cardiovascular risk are thought to induce appetite dysregulation, promoting food intake and adipogenesis, facilitating obesity development. The epigenetic modifications may even persist into the next generation even though the subsequent generation has not been exposed to an adverse intrauterine environment, a notion defined as the “transgenerational transfer of environmental information”. As a consequence, if the increased public health burden and costs of non-communicable chronic diseases such as obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes have to be minimized, special attention should be laid to the healthy lifestyle habits of women of reproductive age, including healthy diet and physical activity to be established long before any pregnancy takes place in order to provide the best conditions for both somatic and mental health of future generations. Copyright © 2022 Gantenbein and Kanaka-Gantenbein.
Lifestyle in adulthood can modify the causal relationship between BMI and islet function: using Mendelian randomization analysis; Background: Body mass index was intimately associated with islet function, which was affected by various confounding factors. Among all methods of statistical analysis, Mendelian randomization best ruled out bias to find the causal relationship. In the present study, we explored the relationship between 13 East Asian body mass index-related genes reported previously and islet function using the Mendelian randomization method. Methods: A total of 2892 participants residing in northern China were enrolled. Anthropological information, such as sex, age, drinking status, smoking status, weight, height and blood pressure, was recorded for all participants. Fasting glucose and insulin were detected, and the insulin sensitivity index was calculated. 13 single nucleotide polymorphismss in East Asian body mass index -related genes were analysed with the ABI7900HT system. Results: Five genetic locus mutations, CDKAL1, MAP2K5, BDNF, FTO and SEC16B, were found to be associated with body mass index and were used to estimate the genetic risk score. We found that the genetic risk score was negatively associated with the insulin sensitivity index. Even after adjusted of confounding factors, the relationship showed statistical significance. A subsequent interaction effect analysis suggested that the negative relationship between the genetic risk score and insulin sensitivity index no longer existed in the nondrinking population, and smokers had a stronger negative relationship than nonsmokers. Conclusion: We found a negative causal relationship between body mass index-related genetic locus mutations and insulin resistance, which might be increased by acquired lifestyle factors, such as drinking and smoking status. © 2022, The Author(s).
Non-coding RNAs: The link between maternal malnutrition and offspring metabolism; Early life nutrition is associated with the development and metabolism in later life, which is known as the Developmental Origin of Health and Diseases (DOHaD). Epigenetics have been proposed as an important explanation for this link between early life malnutrition and long-term diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) may play a role in this epigenetic programming. The expression of ncRNAs (such as long non-coding RNA H19, microRNA-122, and circular RNA-SETD2) was significantly altered in specific tissues of offspring exposed to maternal malnutrition. Changes in these downstream targets of ncRNAs lead to abnormal development and metabolism. This review aims to summarize the existing knowledge on ncRNAs linking the maternal nutrition condition and offspring metabolic diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Copyright © 2022 Zeng, Wu, Zhang and Xiao.
Association of Polyphenols Consumption with Risk for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Preeclampsia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) affects 6–25% of pregnancies and are characterized by an imbalance in natural prooxidant/antioxidant mechanisms. Due to their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, polyphenols consumption during the pregnancy might exert positive effects by preventing GDM and PE development. However, this association remains inconclusive. This systematic review and metanalysis is aimed to analyze the association between polyphenol-rich food consumption during pregnancy and the risk of GDM and PE. A systematic search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science (Clarivate Analytics, London, United Kingdom) for articles dated between 1 January 1980 and July 2022 was undertaken to identify randomized controlled trials and observational studies evaluating polyphenol-rich food consumption and the risk of GDM and PE. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to evaluate the quality of these included studies. Twelve studies were included, of which eight articles evaluated GDM and four studied PE. A total of 3785 women presented with GDM (2.33%). No association between polyphenol consumption and GDM was found (ES = 0.85, 95% CI 0.71–1.01). When total polyphenol intake was considered, a lower likelihood to develop GDM was noted (ES = 0.78, 95% CI 0.69–0.89). Furthermore, polyphenol consumption was not associated with PE development (ES = 0.90, 95% CI 0.57–1.41). In conclusion, for both outcomes, pooled analyses showed no association with polyphenol-rich food consumption during pregnancy. Therefore, association of polyphenol intake with a decreased risk of GDM and PE remains inconclusive. © 2022 by the authors.
Is there a need for a revised classification in diabetes mellitus?; Diabetes mellitus is a cluster of diseases with heterogeneous etiopathogenesis and clinical nature. The exact classification of certain cases is of decisive importance in terms of the optimal choice of treatment. However, the classification is still not completely resolved, despite the available, ever-expanding tool park and rapidly expanding knowledge. Therefore, new recommendations are made to clarify the grouping. This article reviews the classification guidelines created between 1965 and 2019 based on international consensus, with the coordination of the World Health Organization (WHO), as well as the proposals made based on recent tests and observations. It states that for daily practice, the present WHO guideline is still the most orienting. In addition, in cases of uncertain classification, it is essential to follow up the patients and repeat the examinations as necessary, until the nature of the specific form of the disease is clarified. © Szerzo(k)/The Author(s) 2022.
Association Between Gut Microbiota and Insulin Therapy in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives: At the time of diagnosis, the blood glucose of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who require subsequent insulin treatment does not differ from that of women with adequate diet control. Hence, in this study, we aimed to determine the role of maternal gut microbiota as a marker of insulin necessity in GDM and to identify the effect of insulin therapy on gut microbiota composition in mothers with GDM and their newborns. Methods: Seventy-one pregnant women were enrolled into the study, including 38 GDM and 33 non-GDM participants. During the follow-up period, 8 of the 38 GDM subjects required insulin therapy (GDM-I group), whereas 30 of the 38 GDM cases with sufficient glycemic control by diet alone (GDM-D group). Maternal blood and feces were obtained at the time of GDM diagnosis (pretreatment; 24 to 28 weeks of gestation) and before delivery (posttreatment; ≥37 weeks of gestation). Meconium and first feces of the newborns were also collected. Results: Pretreatment, the glycemic profile did not differ between the GDM-D and GDM-I groups. However, the proportions of Clostridiales, Lactobacillus and Bacteroidetes were higher in the GDM-I group than in the non-GDM and GDM-D groups. After treatment, gut microbiota composition showed no difference between non-GDM and GDM-I groups. Interestingly, a higher Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio was displayed in GDM-D mothers at posttreatment, and this was also observed in both meconium and first feces of GDM-D newborns. Conclusion: Insulin therapy changed maternal gut microbiota composition, which could be transferable to the mothers’ newborns. © 2022 Canadian Diabetes Association
circMAP3K4 regulates insulin resistance in trophoblast cells during gestational diabetes mellitus by modulating the miR-6795-5p/PTPN1 axis; Background: Insulin resistance (IR) during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been linked to dysregulated insulin-PI3K/Akt pathway. A defective insulin-PI3K/Akt pathway and dysregulated circular RNA (circRNA) levels have been observed in the placentas of patients with GDM; however, the mechanisms underlying this association remain unclear. Methods: circRNAs potentially associated with GDM were selected through bioinformatics analysis and initially identified by quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) in 9 GDM patients and 9 healthy controls, of which circMAP3K4 was further validated in additional 84 samples by qPCR. circMAP3K4 identity and localization were verified. Pearson correlation analysis was applied to evaluate the correlation between circMAP3K4 expression in the placental tissues of GDM patients and IR-related indicators. An IR model of trophoblasts was constructed using glucosamine. Interactions between miR-6795-5p and circMAP3K4 or PTPN1 were confirmed using a dual-luciferase reporter assay. The circMAP3K4/miR-6795-5p/PTPN1 axis and key markers in the insulin-PI3K/Akt pathway in placentas and trophoblasts were evaluated through qRT-PCR, immunofluorescence, and western blotting. The role of circMAP3K4 in glucose metabolism and cell growth in trophoblasts was determined using the glucose uptake and CCK8 assay, respectively. Results: circMAP3K4 was highly expressed in the placentas of patients with GDM and the IR trophoblast model; this was associated with a dysregulated insulin-PI3K/Akt pathway. circMAP3K4 in the placentas of GDM patients was positively correlated with weight gain during pregnancy and time-glucose area under the curve of OGTT. circMAP3K4 and PTPN1 could both bind to miR-6795-5p. miR-6795-5p and PTPN1 were downregulated and upregulated, respectively, in the placentas of GDM patients and the IR trophoblast model. circMAP3K4 silencing or miR-6795-5p overexpression partially reversed the decrease in glucose uptake, inhibition in cell growth, and downregulated IRS1 and Akt phosphorylation in IR-trophoblasts; this restoration was reversed upon co-transfection with an miR-6795-5p inhibitor or PTPN1. Conclusion: circMAP3K4 could suppress the insulin-PI3K/Akt signaling pathway via miR-6795-5p/PTPN1 axis, probably contributing to GDM-related IR. © 2022, The Author(s).
Investigation of the potential mechanism of the Shugan Xiaozhi decoction for the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease based on network pharmacology, molecular docking and molecular dynamics simulation; Background. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a metabolic disease, the incidence of which increases annually. Shugan Xiaozhi (SGXZ) decoction, a composite traditional Chinese medicinal prescription, has been demonstrated to exert a therapeutic effect on NAFLD. In this study, the potential bioactive ingredients and mechanism of SGXZ decoction against NAFLD were explored via network pharmacology, molecular docking, and molecular dynamics simulation. Methods. Compounds in SGXZ decoction were identified and collected from the literature, and the corresponding targets were predicted through the Similarity Ensemble Approach database. Potential targets related to NAFLD were searched on DisGeNET and GeneCards databases. The compound-target-disease and protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks were constructed to recognize key compounds and targets. Functional enrichment analysis of Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) was performed on the targets. Molecular docking was used to further screen the potent active compounds in SGXZ. Finally, molecular dynamics (MD) simulation was applied to verify and validate the binding between the most potent compound and targets. Results. A total of 31 active compounds and 220 corresponding targets in SGXZ decoction were collected. Moreover, 1, 544 targets of NAFLD were obtained, of which 78 targets intersected with the targets of SGXZ decoction. Key compounds and targets were recognized through the compound-target-disease and PPI network. Multiple biological pathways were annotated, including PI3K-Akt, MAPK, insulin resistance, HIF-1, and tryptophan metabolism. Molecular docking showed that gallic acid, chlorogenic acid and isochlorogenic acid A could combine with the key targets. Molecular dynamics simulations suggested that isochlorogenic acid A might potentially bind directly with RELA, IL-6, VEGFA, and MMP9 in the regulation of PI3K-Akt signaling pathway. Conclusion. This study investigated the active substances and key targets of SGXZ decoction in the regulation of multiple-pathways based on network pharmacology and computational approaches, providing a theoretical basis for further pharmacological research into the potential mechanism of SGXZ in NAFLD. Copyright © 2022 Yang et al.
Melatonin treatment improves human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cell therapy in a mouse model of type II diabetes mellitus via the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway; Background: Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are promising candidates for tissue regeneration and disease treatment. However, long-term in vitro passaging leads to stemness loss of MSCs, resulting in failure of MSC therapy. This study investigated whether the combination of melatonin and human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells (hUC-MSCs) was superior to hUC-MSCs alone in ameliorating high-fat diet and streptozocin (STZ)-induced type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a mouse model. Methods: Mice were divided into four groups: normal control (NC) group; T2DM group; hUC-MSCs treatment alone (UCMSC) group and pretreatment of hUC-MSCs with melatonin (UCMSC/Mel) group. Results: RNA sequence analysis showed that certain pathways, including the signaling pathway involved in the regulation of cell proliferation signaling pathway, were regulated by melatonin. The blood glucose levels of the mice in the UCMSC and UCMSC/Mel treatment groups were significantly reduced compared with the T2DM group without treatment (P < 0.05). Furthermore, hUC-MSCs enhance the key factor in the activation of the PI3K/Akt pathway in T2DM mouse hepatocytes. Conclusion: The pretreatment of hUC-MSCs with melatonin partly boosted cell efficiency and thereby alleviated impaired glycemic control and insulin resistance. This study provides a practical strategy to improve the application of hUC-MSCs in diabetes mellitus and cytotherapy. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] Overview of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. (A) Underlying mechanism of UCMSC/Mel inhibition of hyperglycemia and insulin resistance T2DM mice via regulation of PI3K/AKT pathway. hUC-MSCs stimulates glucose uptake and improves insulin action thus should inhibition the clinical signs of T2DM, through activation of the p-PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and then regulates glucose transport through activating AS160. UCMSC/Mel increases p53-dependent expression of BCL2, and inhibit BAX and Capase3 protein activation. Leading to the decrease in apoptosis. (B) Melatonin modulated PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. Melatonin activated PI3K/AKT response pathway through binding to MT1and MT2 receptor. Leading to the increase in hUC-MSCs proliferation, migration and differentiation. → (Direct stimulatory modification); ┴ (Direct Inhibitory modification); → ┤ (Multistep inhibitory modification); ↑ (Up regulate); ↓ (Down regulate); PI3K (Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase); AKT (protein kinase B); PDK1 (Phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase 1); IR, insulin receptor; GLUT4 (glucose transporter type 4); ROS (reactive oxygen species); BCL-2 (B-cell lymphoma-2); PDK1 (phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1) BAX (B-cell lymphoma-2-associated X protein); PCNA (Proliferating cell nuclear antigen); Cell cycle-associated proteins (KI67, cyclin A, cyclin E) © 2022, The Author(s).
Differential regulatory effects of optimal or excessive dietary lipid levels on growth, lipid metabolism and physiological response in black seabream (Acanthopagrus schlegelii); This study was conducted to obtain the optimal dietary lipid requirement and evaluate the differential regulatory effects of optimal or excessive dietary lipid levels on growth performance, lipid metabolism and physiological responses including oxidative stress (OS) and endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) of juvenile black seabream (Acanthopagrus schlegelii) (initial weight 2.08 ± 0.01 g). Six isonitrogenous experimental diets were formulated with graded levels of lipid: 6.87% (D1), 11.17% (D2), 14.35% (D3), 18.89% (D4), 23.93% (D5) and 26.94% (D6), respectively. Results indicated that fish fed with the D2 diet showed significantly higher values of final weight (FW), weight gain (WG) and specific growth rate (SGR) than those fed with the other diets, except for D3 group. In fish fed with the diets containing 11.17% and 14.35% (D2 and D3 groups) had the significantly higher contents of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) than other treatments, but showed markedly low concentrations of low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). The contents of cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) in serum increased with the increasing of dietary lipid levels, except for the contents of AST and ALT in D1 group. Likewise, the results of hepatic paraffin section indicated that fish fed the dietary lipid levels of 18.89% or beyond (D4, D5 and D6) increased vacuolar fat drops and induced hepatic fat pathological changes. The mRNA expression level and protein concentration of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1(srebp-1) were significantly up-regulated with the increasing of dietary lipid levels. However, the mRNA expression levels and protein concentrations of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (pparα) and silent information regulator 1 (sirt1) significantly activated by fish fed with the D2 diet. Additionally, when fish fed with excessive dietary lipid (over 18.89%) could result in various responses related to OS and ERS. The key marker of OS malonaldehyde (MDA) was significantly increased with the increasing of dietary lipid levels being highest in the D6 group. A contrary pattern was found for total antioxidant capacity, which showed significantly higher activity in the D2 group. All parameters related to ERS increased with the increasing of dietary lipid levels and, hence, triggering inflammation and apoptosis by up-regulating the expression levels of key genes including nuclear factor kappa B (nf-κb) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (jnk). Overall, based on WG, the optimal dietary lipid requirement of juvenile A. schlegelii is 12.82% by quadratic curve model analysis. When dietary lipid level exceeded 18.89%, excessive lipid could reduce growth performance, cause hepatic fat pathological changes, induce lipid deposition by modulating Sirt1/Srebp-1/Pparɑ pathways, lead to OS and ERS and, hence, triggering hepatic inflammation and apoptosis. These findings provide further insight and understanding of the regulatory effects on growth, lipid metabolism, physiological stress response (including OS and ERS) of A. schlegelii fed with optimal or excessive dietary lipid levels © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
An update of the consensus statement on insulin resistance in children 2010; In our modern society, where highly palatable and calorie-rich foods are readily available, and sedentary lifestyle is common among children and adolescents, we face the pandemic of obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension, atherosclerosis, and T2D. Insulin resistance (IR) is known to be the main underlying mechanism of all these associated health consequences; therefore, the early detection of IR is fundamental for preventing them.A Consensus Statement, internationally supported by all the major scientific societies in pediatric endocrinology, was published in 2010, providing all the most recent reliable evidence to identify the definition of IR in children, its measurement, its risk factors, and the effective strategies to prevent and treat it. However, the 2010 Consensus concluded that further research was necessary to assess some of the discussed points, in particular the best way to measure insulin sensitivity, standardization of insulin measurements, identification of strong surrogate biomarkers of IR, and the effective role of lifestyle intervention and medications in the prevention and treatment of IR.The aim of this review is to update each point of the consensus with the most recent available studies, with the goal of giving a picture of the current state of the scientific literature regarding IR in children, with a particular regard for issues that are not yet fully clarified. Copyright © 2022 Tagi, Samvelyan and Chiarelli.
PCSK9 Inhibitor: Safe Alternative to Fill the Treatment Gap in Statin-Limited Conditions?; Lipid-lowering therapy is of great importance in reducing the burden of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Statins act as first-line therapy in the current lipid management guidelines. However, statin use is limited in (1) statin-induced adverse events, including statin-associated muscle symptoms, new-onset diabetes mellitus, drug-induced liver injuries, acute kidney injuries, cognitive effects, hemorrhagic strokes, and cataracts; (2) special populations, including pregnant and lactating patients, patients with decompensated cirrhosis, and patients on dialysis; (3) coadministration with statin-interactive drugs, such as anti-human immunodeficiency virus drugs, anti-hepatitis C virus drugs, and immunosuppressive drugs. These considerable statin-limited groups are in urgent need of safer alternative lipid-lowering options. Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors are attracting widespread attention for their documented safety in general populations and superior lipid-lowering properties. Therefore, questions have been raised whether PCSK9 inhibitors could be a safe alternative in patients who are intolerant to statin therapy. In this review, we discuss the safety of PCSK9 inhibitors in statin-limited conditions. We conclude that PCSK9 inhibitors are a safe alternative lipid-lowering therapy in various statin-limited conditions. Furthermore, we identify several limitations in the current literature and suggest future directions, for the refinement of lipid management regimens. Copyright: © 2022 The Author(s).
Comparison of global definitions of metabolic syndrome in early pregnancy among the Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort participants in Sri Lanka; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) in pregnancy shows epigenetic associations with intergenerational inheritance of metabolic diseases. The presence of different diagnostic criteria influences MetS prevalence estimates. We evaluated MetS and metabolic derangements to determine the utility of its assessment in early pregnancy. A cross-sectional analysis of metabolic derangements in pregnant women with period of gestation (POG) ≤ 12 weeks was done among Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort participants in Sri Lanka. 2682 women with mean age 27.9 year (SD-5.5) and median POG 8.0wk (IQR-3) were analyzed. Mean levels of triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density-lipoprotein (HDL), low-density-lipoprotein (LDL), fasting plasma glucose, and 2 h oral glucose tolerance test were 87.71 (SD 38.7), 172.2 (SD 34.7), 49.6 (SD 11.5), 122.6 (SD 32.3), 82.2 (SD 12.8) and 120.3 (SD 11.5) respectively. All serum lipids except LDL increase significantly from 6 to 12 weeks, with TG by 23 and TC by 8 units. High MetS prevalence was observed with AHA/NHLBI (n = 150, 5.6%, 95% CI 4.8–6.5) followed by IDF (n = 144, 5.4%, 95% CI 4.6–6.3), NCEP-ATP III (n = 112, 4.2%, 95% CI 3.4–5.0) and WHO (n = 81, 3.0%, 95% CI 2.4–3.7) definitions respectively. Significant difference in prevalence was noted among different sociodemographic characteristics (p < 0.001). Regardless of the criterion used, the change of metabolic parameters in early pregnancy leads to significant differences in prevalence estimates of MetS. The best MetS definition concerning pregnancy outcomes needs to be determined with prospective studies. © 2022, The Author(s).
Effects and mechanisms of different types of maternal obesity on glucose and lipid metabolism in neonatal offspring rats; Objective To study the different effects of pre-pregnancy obesity (PO), excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG), pre-pregnancy obesity combined with excessive gestational weight gain (PO+EGWG) of maternal rats on glucose and lipid metabolism in neonatal offspring, and to explore the possible mechanisms. Methods Animal models of PO, EGWG and PO+EGWG were established by feeding SD rats with high-fat diets at different periods. Thirty-six SD rats were randomly divided into four groups, with nine rats in each group. The control group had a normal diet before and during pregnancy. The PO group had a high-fat diet before pregnancy and a normal diet during pregnancy. The EGWG group had a normal diet before pregnancy and a high-fat diet during pregnancy. And the PO+EGWG group had a high-fat diet before and during pregnancy. The body weight of maternal rats before and during pregnancy and the birth weight of neonatal rats were recorded. Nine male neonatal rats in each group were selected, fasting blood glucose levels were detected by glucometer, fasting insulin levels were detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit, hepatic triglyceride and cholesterol levels were detected by glycerol phosphate oxidase-peroxidase method, hepatic lipid deposition were observed by hematoxylin-eosin staining and oil red O staining. The mRNA levels of hepatic key genes in glucose metabolism pathway IR, IRS, AKT and lipid metabolism FASN, SREBP1c, PPARα were detected by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction analyses. Results The pre-pregnancy weight of maternal rats in high-fat diet group before pregnancy (PO group and PO+EGWG group) was significantly higher than those in normal diet group (control group and EGWG group). The percentage of weight gain of maternal rats in high-fat diet group during pregnancy (EGWG group and PO+EGWG group) was significantly higher than those in normal diet group (control group and PO group) (P<0.05). The birth weight of neonatal rats in PO group, EGWG group and PO+EGWG group were significantly higher than that in control group (P<0.05), and the birth weight of neonatal rats in PO+EGWG group was the largest. The fasting glucose, insulin level and insulin resistance index of newborn rats in PO, EGWG and PO+EGWG groups were higher than those in the control group, and the mRNA levels of IR, IRS and AKT were lower than those in the control group, but the differences were not statistically significant (P>0.05). The hepatic triglyceride and cholesterol contents and mRNA levels of FASN and SREBP1c were higher in the EGWG and PO+EGWG groups than those in the control group, and the mRNA level of PPARα was higher in the PO+EGWG group than in the control and PO groups, with statistically significant differences (P<0.05). Conclusions Animal models of PO, EGWG and PO+EGWG were successfully constructed by feeding SD rats with high-fat diets before pregnancy, during pregnancy, before and during pregnancy. PO+EGWG had the most significant effects on the birth weight and glucose and lipid metabolism in neonatal offspring. Compared with EGWG, PO had a relatively significant effect on glucose metabolism in neonatal offspring. And compared with PO, EGWG had a relatively significant effect on lipid metabolism in neonatal offspring. The effects of maternal obesity on glucose and lipid metabolism in neonatal offspring were considered to be related to the expression changes of genes in glucose and lipid metabolism. © 2022 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hepatokine Fetuin B expression is regulated by leptin-STAT3 signalling and associated with leptin in obesity; Obesity is an expanding global public health problem and a leading cause of metabolic disorders. The hepatokine Fetuin B participates in regulating insulin resistance, glucose metabolism and liver steatosis. However, the mechanism underlying Fetuin B activation remains unclear. Our previous population-based study demonstrated a significant association between serum Fetuin B and body fat mass in an obese population, which indicates its potential in mediating obesity-related metabolic disorders. In the present study, we further revealed a significant correlation between Fetuin B and leptin, the classic adipokine released by expanding adipose tissue, in this obese population. Consistently, elevated Fetuin B and leptin levels were confirmed in diet-induced obese mice. Furthermore, an in vitro study demonstrated that the leptin signalling pathway directly activated the transcription and expression of Fetuin B in primary hepatocytes and AML12 cells in a STAT3-dependent manner. STAT3 binds to the response elements on FetuB promoter to directly activate FetuB transcription. Finally, the mediating effect of Fetuin B in insulin resistance induced by leptin was confirmed according to mediation analysis in this obese population. Therefore, our study identifies leptin-STAT3 as an upstream signalling pathway that activates Fetuin B and provides new insights into the pathogenic mechanisms of obesity-related metabolic disorders. © 2022, The Author(s).
Extracellular vesicles biogenesis, isolation, manipulation and genetic engineering for potential in vitro and in vivo therapeutics: An overview; The main goals of medicine consist of early detection and effective treatment of different diseases. In this regard, the rise of exosomes as carriers of natural biomarkers has recently attracted a lot of attention and managed to shed more light on the future of early disease diagnosis methods. Here, exosome biogenesis, its role as a biomarker in metabolic disorders, and recent advances in state-of-art technologies for exosome detection and isolation will be reviewed along with future research directions and challenges regarding the manipulation and genetic engineering of exosomes for potential in vitro and in vivo disease diagnosis approaches. Copyright © 2022 Hadizadeh, Bagheri, Shamsara, Hamblin, Farmany, Xu, Liang, Razi and Hashemi.
Fat-soluble vitamins: updated review of their role and orchestration in human nutrition throughout life cycle with sex differences; Age and Gender are vital determinants for the micronutrient demands of normal indviduals. Among these micronutrients are vitamins that are required in small amounts for optimum metabolism, homeostasis, and a healthy lifestyle, acting as coenzymes in several biochemical reactions. The majority of previous studies have examined such issues that relates to a specific vitamin or life stage, with the majority merely reporting the effect of either excess or deficiency. Vitamins are classified into water-soluble and fat-soluble components. The fat-soluble vitamins include vitamins (A, D, E, and K). Fat-soluble vitamins were found to have an indisputable role in an array of physiological processes such as immune regulation, vision, bone and mental health. Nonetheless, the fat-soluble vitamins are now considered a prophylactic measurement for a multitude of diseases such as autism, rickets disease, gestational diabetes, and asthma. Herein, in this review, a deep insight into the orchestration of the four different fat-soluble vitamins requirements is presented for the first time across the human life cycle beginning from fertility, pregnancy, adulthood, and senility with an extensive assessment ofthe interactions among them and their underlying mechanistic actions. The influence of sex for each vitamin is also presented at each life stage to highlight the different daily requirements and effects. © 2022, The Author(s).
Chemokine (C–C motif) receptor 2 is associated with the pathological grade and inflammatory response in IgAN children; Background: Chemokine (C–C motif) receptor 2 (CCR2) is involved in important physiological and pathological processes, such as inflammation and autoimmune diseases. Abnormal immune and inflammatory responses play a critical role in the development and progression of IgA nephritis (IgAN). However, the role of CCR2 in IgAN is unknown. Methods: Fifteen IgAN children who were diagnosed by kidney biopsy provided kidney biopsy tissue, blood and urine samples, and age-matched healthy control subjects (blood donators n = 12; tissue donators n = 8) were included. Immunohistochemical analysis was used to detect the expression of CCR2, MCP-1, IL-6, IL-17, and TNF-α in the kidney tissues. Relative optical density (OD) was calculated by Image J software, and the correlation between CCR2 expression and pathological grade in IgAN children was analyzed. Results: The expression of CCR2 significantly increased in mesangial cells of children with IgAN compared to that in control group (P < 0.001), especially in IgAN patients with Lee’s grade III to IV (P < 0.001). Interestingly, CCR2 expression was positively correlated with Lee’s grade (r = 0.9152, P = 0.0001) in IgAN children. The expression levels of inflammatory factors were markedly increased in IgAN children, and importantly CCR2 expression was positively correlated with it’s expression level. Conclusions: The results suggest that CCR2 signaling might be involved in pathological process and inflammatory responses of children IgAN, and could potentially be an intervention target in children IgAN. © 2022, The Author(s).
Regulation of intestinal microbiota by Roux‑en‑Y gastric bypass on patients with obesity or obesity combined with diabetes; Objective To investigate the regulation of intestinal microbiota by Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass (RYGB) on patients with obesity or obesity combined with diabetes. Methods The retrospective and descriptive study was conducted. The stool samples before and after surgery and clinical data of 20 patients with obesity, including 9 simple obesity cases and 11 obesity combined with diabetes cases, who underwent RYGB in the First Affiliated Hospital of Ji'nan University from July 2016 to August 2017 were collected. There were 11 males and 9 females, aged (33±11)years. Observation indicators: (1) changes in composition and structure of intestinal microflora; (2) changes of intestinal microflora in simple obesity patients after operation; (3) changes of intestinal microflora in obesity combined with diabetes patients after operation. Follow up was conducted using telephone interview or outpatient examinations to detect the body mass, the application of antimicrobial agent and the blood glucose control of patients. According to the unified training points, the stool samples were collected and stored into the DNA stabilizer, and then conducted to laboratory analysis within 45 hours. The follow up was up to November 2018. Measurement data with normal distribution were represented as Mean±SD, and independent‐samples t test was used for inter‐group comparison and paired‐samples t test was used for intra‐group comparison. Measurement data with skewed distribution were represented as M(Q1, Q3), and Wilcoxon signed rank test of two independent samples was used for inter‐group comparison. Count data were described as absolute numbers, and the chi‐square test, ANOSIM analysis, linear discriminant (LEfSe) analysis and the Metastats analysis were used for inter‐group comparison. Results (1) Changes in composition and structure of intestinal microflora. The Shannon index of α diversity of preoperative intestinal microflora in simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients was 4.37±0.69 and 4.47±0.85, respectively, showing no significant difference between them (t=0.28, P>0.05). Results of preoperative LEfSe analysis showed that there were differences in the bacterial abundance of Firmicutes and Bacteroidea between simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients. The abundances of Parasutterella in simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients was 0.000 113 0(0, 0.004 378 2) and 0.008 464 0 (0.001 325 7, 0.034 983 1), respectively, showing a significant difference between them (Z=2.12, P< 0.05). Results of preoperative PCoA analysis showed that the contribution rates of principal component 1, principal component 2 and principal component 3 were 24.98%, 22.24% and 16.33% in simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients and results of ANOSIM comparison showed that there was no significant difference in preoperative intestinal microflora between them (r= ‒ 0.11, P>0.05). The Shannon index of α diversity of postoperative intestinal microflora in simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients was 4.60±0.65 and 4.66±0.40, respectively, showing no significant difference between them (t=0.24, P>0.05). Results of postoperative LEfSe analysis showed that there were differences in the bacterial abundance of Bacteroidea, Proteus and Firmicutes between simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients. The abundances of Morganella and Coprococcus_2 in simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients were 0.000 192 0(0.000 011 9, 0.001 569 0), 0(0,0) and 0(0,0), 0.000 054 1(0,0.000 419 0), showing significant differences between them (Z=2.70, 2.29, P<0.05). (2) Changes of intestinal microflora in simple obesity patients after operation. There were 10 genera of bacteria of intestinal bacteria changing after surgery, including 7 species of bacteria increasing in the Firmicutes and the Proteobacteria as Veillonella, Morganella, Granulicatella, Aeromonas, Streptococcus, Rothia and Megasphaera and the bacteria decreasing in the Firmicutes and the Actinobacteria as Ruminococcus_torques_group, Romboutsia and Erysipelotrichaceae_UCG-003. Results of LEfSe analysis showed that the bacteria significantly enriched in simple obesity patients before surgery were Ruminococcus_torques_group, Romboutsia and Erysipelotrichaceae_UCG-003, belonging to Firmicutes, and the bacteria significantly enriched in simple obesity patients after surgery were Rothia, Granulicatella, Enterococcus, Streptococcus, Megasphaera, Veillonella, Aeromonas and Morganella, belonging to Actinobacteria, Firmicutes and Proteobacteria. (3) Changes of intestinal microflora in obesity combined with diabetes patients after operation. There were 16 bacteria of intestinal bacteria increasing after surgery, including Streptococcus, Veillonella, Haemophilus, Pluralibacter, Gemella, Lachnospiraceae_NC2004_group, Granulicatella, Aeromonas, uncultured_ bacterium_f_ Saccharimonadaceae, Ruminiclostridium_9, Butyricicoccus, Fusobacterium, Anaerotruncus, Fusicatenibacter, Klebsiella and Eubacterium_eligens_group, which belonged to the Firmicutes and the Proteobacteria. Results of LEfSe analysis showed that the bacteria significantly enriched in obesity combined with diabetes patients before surgery were Fusicatenibacter, Tyzzerella_3 and Butyricicoccus, belonging to the Firmicutes, and the bacteria significantly enriched in obesity combined with diabetes patients after surgery were Gemella, Granulicatella, Enterococcus, Streptococcus, Lachnospiraceae_NC2004_ group, Eubacterium_eligens_group, Anaerotruncus, Ruminiclostridium_9, Anaeroglobus, Veillonella, Fusobacterium, uncultured_bacterium_f_Saccharimonadaceae, Aeromonas, Klebsiella, Pluralibacter, Proteus and Haemophilus, belonging to the Firmicutes and the Proteobacteria. Conclusions RYGB can significantly increases the intestinal microflora abundance in simple obesity patients and obesity combined with diabetes patients. The two types of patients have specific changes in intestinal microflora at the genus level. © 2022 Chinese Journal of Digestive Surgery. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and skin cancers: Risk factors, molecular mechanisms and impact on prognosis; Diabetes and skin cancers have emerged as threats to public health worldwide. However, their association has been less intensively studied. In this narrative review, we explore the common risk factors, molecular mechanisms, and prognosis of the association between cutaneous malignancies and diabetes. Hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, low-grade chronic inflammation, genetic, lifestyle, and environmental factors partially explain the crosstalk between skin cancers and this metabolic disorder. In addition, diabetes and its related complications may interfere with the appropriate management of cutaneous malignancies. Antidiabetic medication seems to exert an antineoplastic effect, however, future large, observation studies with a prospective design are needed to clarify its impact on the risk of malignancy in diabetes. Screening for diabetes in skin cancers, as well as close follow-up for the development of cutaneous malignancies in subjects suffering from diabetes, is warranted. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Remission as an Emerging Therapeutic Target in Type 2 Diabetes in the Era of New Glucose-Lowering Agents: Benefits, Challenges, and Treatment Approaches; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a progressive disease with a growing prevalence, associated with an increased risk of complications. The introduction of new classes of antidiabetic drugs into clinical practice has dramatically changed the landscape of diabetes therapy. However, despite the progress made in the pharmacotherapy of T2DM, mitigating the burden of the disease on individuals, societies and health care systems remains a challenge. Remission has recently emerged as a therapeutic target in T2DM, achievable through a wide range of interventions. Recent studies have shown that extensive lifestyle changes, such as weight reduction, bariatric surgery, and intensive glucose lowering therapy, can prompt the remission of diabetes, but some unanswered questions remain regarding its long-term effects on diabetic complications. Metabolic surgery and novel classes of glucose-lowering medications are currently the most effective interventions to induce weight loss and by extension remission in patients with diabetes; however, the ideal strategy to achieve the long-term maintenance of remission remains doubtful. In this narrative review, we discuss the available therapeutic approaches to target the remission of diabetes through personalized multimodal care, based on the latest evidence. © 2022 by the authors.
Protective effect of acetylcysteine, histidine, and their combination against diabetes vascular complications in type-2 diabetic rats via reducing NF-kβ pathway signaling; Purpose: The nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-κB) signaling participates in diabetes complications. Therefore, the reduction of NF-κB signaling may be a goal to prevent or improve them. Thus, we investigated the effects of acetylcysteine (AC), histidine (His), and their combination on the NF-κB expression and its different activators in type 2 diabetic rats. Methods: The survey was performed on 50 rats that were allotted equally into five groups composed of control, diabetic, diabetic treated with (AC, 0.06%), (His, 0.1%), and (AC & His) groups. Treated groups have received the treatments daily in drinking water for two months. Metabolic profile (glucose, insulin resistance indices, lipid profile, and cardiovascular indices) and renal dysfunction parameters (creatinine and urinary protein excretion) were measured. Plus, diverse glycation (early, intermediate, and end), oxidative stress (Oxidized LDL, Reduced glutathione), and inflammatory markers (interleukine-1β, myeloperoxidase, and NF-kβ expression) were determined. Results: Glucose, insulin resistance indices, cardiovascular indices, renal dysfunction parameters, different markers of glycation, oxidative stress, and inflammation as well as NF-κB expression, were the lowest in the (AC & His) treated diabetic rats. Besides, the cited parameter was lower in the Ac treated one than His treated (p > 0.001). Conclusion: The combination of AC and His had the most protective effect against diabetes complications and advantageous effect on metabolism, β-cell activity, and insulin function due to the most reductive effect on the NF-κB pathway rather than More than any of the amino acids alone. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Pharmacological Activity, Pharmacokinetics, and Clinical Research Progress of Puerarin; As a kind of medicine and food homologous plant, kudzu root (Pueraria lobata (Willd.) Ohwi) is called an “official medicine” in Chinese folk medicine. Puerarin is the main active component extracted from kudzu root, and its structural formula is 8-β-D-grapes pyranose-4, 7-dihydroxy isoflavone, with a white needle crystal; it is slightly soluble in water, and its aqueous solution is colorless or light yellow. Puerarin is a natural antioxidant with high health value and has a series of biological activities such as antioxidation, anti-inflammation, anti-tumor effects, immunity improvement, and cardio-cerebrovascular and nerve cell protection. In particular, for the past few years, it has also been extensively used in clinical study. This review focuses on the antioxidant activity of puerarin, the therapy of diverse types of inflammatory diseases, various new drug delivery systems of puerarin, the “structure-activity relationship” of puerarin and its derivatives, and pharmacokinetic and clinical studies, which can provide a new perspective for the puerarin-related drug research and development, clinical application, and further development and utilization. © 2022 by the authors.
Insulin clearance and incretin hormones following oral and “isoglycemic” intravenous glucose in type 2 diabetes patients under different antidiabetic treatments; It has not been elucidated whether incretins affect insulin clearance in type 2 diabetes (T2D). We aimed exploring possible associations between insulin clearance and endogenously secreted or exogenously administered incretins in T2D patients. Twenty T2D patients were studied (16 males/4 females, 59 ± 2 years (mean ± standard error), BMI = 31 ± 1 kg/m2, HbA1c = 7.0 ± 0.1%). Patients were treated with metformin, sitagliptin, metformin/sitagliptin combination, and placebo (randomized order). On each treatment period, oral and isoglycemic intravenous glucose infusion tests were performed (OGTT, IIGI, respectively). We also studied twelve T2D patients (9 males/3 females, 61 ± 3 years, BMI = 30 ± 1 kg/m2, HbA1c = 7.3 ± 0.4%) that underwent infusion of GLP-1(7–36)-amide, GIP, GLP-1/GIP combination, and placebo. Plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and incretins were measured. Insulin clearance was assessed as insulin secretion to insulin concentration ratio. In the first study, we found OGTT/IIGI insulin clearance ratio weakly inversely related to OGTT/IIGI total GIP and intact GLP-1 (R2 = 0.13, p < 0.02). However, insulin clearance showed some differences between sitagliptin and metformin treatment (p < 0.02). In the second study we found no difference in insulin clearance following GLP-1 and/or GIP infusion (p > 0.5). Thus, our data suggest that in T2D there are no relevant incretin effects on insulin clearance. Conversely, different antidiabetic treatments may determine insulin clearance variations. © 2022, The Author(s).
Challenges in Optimizing Lipid Management in Women; While there are physiologic differences in lipid metabolism in men and women, pharmacologic therapy is very effective in both with similar management strategies recommended in the current guidelines for the management of dyslipidemia. Despite similar guidelines for treatment, studies have shown that women have worse control of dyslipidemia than their male counterparts. This may stem from multiple contributing factors including underestimation of cardiovascular disease risk in women, decreased prescription and utilization of lipid-lowering therapies, decreased medication adherence, and higher risk of statin intolerance, all of which may contribute to lower attainment of lipid targets. Furthermore, heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in women, with heart disease noted an average of 7–10 years later than in men. This has historically led to the misperception that women are protected from heart disease and can be treated less aggressively. In fact, traditional risk factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease often impact risk in women to a greater extent than they do in men. Unique risk factors such as pregnancy-related disorders also contribute to the level of risk and therefore warrant consideration in risk stratification. This review summarizes the efficacy of contemporary lipid-lowering therapies in women versus men and discusses the challenges that arise with lipid management in women along with potential ways to tackle these obstacles. © 2021, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The effects of selenium supplementation on blood lipids and blood pressure in adults: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized control trials; Background: Previous studies evaluating the effects of selenium supplementation on lipid profile and blood pressure (BP) offer contradictory findings. This systematic review and meta-analysis assessed the effects of selenium supplementation on these lipid profile and BP. Methods: In order to identify interrelated clinical trials, we performed a comprehensive literature search in the online databases, including PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and ISI web of science, up to December 2021. Results: The analysis of the data established that selenium supplementation did not significantly affect TG level (WMD: −0.84 mg/dL; 95 % CI: −4.74, 3.05, p = 0.671), LDL-C (WMD: 0.86 mg/dL; 95 % CI: −1.21, 2.95, p = 0.416), and HDL-C (WMD: 0.3 mg/dL; 95 % CI: −0.66, 1.27, p = 0.535). however, there was a significant reduction in TC levels following selenium supplementation (WMD: −2.11 mg/dL; 95 % CI: −4.09, −0.13, p = 0.037). After subgroup analysis, when the baseline levels of LDL-C were < 130 mg/dL, selenium supplementation elicited a significant increase in LDL-C levels (WMD: 2.89 mg/dL; 95 % CI: 0.26, 5.51, p = 0.031). For BP, selenium supplementation significantly increased SBP (WMD: 2.02 mmHg; 95 % CI: 0.50, 3.55, p = 0.009), while it had no significant effect on DBP (WMD: 0.39 mmHg; 95 % CI: (−0.89, 1.68, p = 0.551)). Conclusion: Although our findings suggest selenium may have possible therapeutic effects in improving TC and VLDL, because of its negative effects on LDL and BP, selenium supplementation for cardiovascular protection should be recommended with caution. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
Hepatic metabolism gene expression and gut microbes in offspring, subjected to in-utero PFOS exposure and postnatal diet challenges; We examined the changes in hepatic metabolic gene expression and gut microbiota of offspring exposed to PFOS in-utero. At GD17.5, our data showed that PFOS exposure decreased fetal bodyweights and hepatic metabolic gene expressions but increased relative liver mass and lipid accumulation. At PND21, in-utero high-dose PFOS-exposed offspring exhibited significantly greater bodyweight (catch-up-growth), associated with significant induction of hepatic metabolic gene expression. In addition, 16SrRNA-sequencing of the cecal samples revealed an increase in carbohydrate catabolism but a reduction in microbial polysaccharide synthesis and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) metabolism. From PND21-80, a postnatal diet-challenge for the offspring was conducted. At PND80 under a normal diet, in-utero high-dose PFOS-exposed offspring maintained the growth “catch-up” effect. In contrast, in a high-fat-diet, the bodyweight of in-utero high-dose PFOS-exposed adult offspring were significantly lesser than the corresponding low-dose and control groups. Even though in the high-fat-diet, the in-utero PFOS-exposed adult offspring showed significant upregulation of hepatic metabolic genes, the lower bodyweight suggests that they had difficulty utilizing high-fat nutrients. Noteworthy, the metagenomic data showed a significant reduction in the biosynthesis of microbial polysaccharides, vitamin B, and SCFAs in the PFOS-exposed adult offspring. Furthermore, the observed effects were significantly reduced in the PFOS-exposed adult offspring with the high-fat diet but supplemented with sucrose. Our study demonstrated that in-utero PFOS exposure caused inefficient fat metabolism and increased the risk of hepatic steatosis in offspring. © 2022 The Authors
Evaluating type and amount of dietary protein in relation to metabolic syndrome among Iranian adults: cross-sectional analysis of Fasa Persian cohort study; Background and aim: Metabolic syndrome is characterized by several conditions including abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose levels, and hypertension; which all are directly associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study aimed to evaluate the association of the amount and source of dietary protein with the risk of metabolic syndrome and its components in adult men and women. Material and method: This study was performed using Persian cohort data, Fasa branch, which included 3660 men and 5262 women. Individuals were divided into five groups for total dietary proteins, plant proteins, and animal proteins using the quintiles, and the odds of incidence for metabolic syndrome and each component was evaluated. Results: A higher intake of total protein was associated with lower odds of having metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.24 95% CI 0.18–0.33, P-trend < 0.001 in men, OR: 0.42 95% CI 0.34–0.51, P-trend < 0.001 in women) and all of its components. men (OR: 0.35 95% CI 0.25–0.48, P-trend < 0.001) and women (OR: 0.41 95% CI 0.33–0.52, P-trend < 0.001) in the highest quintile of plant protein intake had a reduced prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components. An increased animal protein intake was associated with a lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome (P-trend < 0.001), a declined risk of having elevated triglycerides (P-trend = 0.016) in men, and a reduced risk of having abdominal obesity in men (P-trend < 0.001) and women (P-trend < 0.001). Conclusion: A higher consumption of total protein and plant protein was associated with a lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components. Increased consumption of animal protein seemed to be related to a lower prevalence abdominal obesity. Also, only in men, animal protein was associated with decreased risk of having metabolic syndrome. © 2022, The Author(s).
The association between Toxoplasma infection and mortality: the NHANES epidemiologic follow-up study; Background: Toxoplasma gondii has been reported to be associated with higher mortality in patients with schizophrenia. This study aimed to explore the relationship between T. gondii infection and 25-year mortality based on data from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III) database. Methods: Cases with serum T. gondii antibody test results were included in this study and the corresponding mortality dataset was obtained from the US National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS). Propensity score matching (PSM) was used to match age and sex between groups. The Cox proportional hazards model was used to evaluate the effect of T. gondii infection on mortality. Results: A total of 14,181 cases were included in the analysis, of which 3831 (27.0%) were seropositive for T. gondii antibody. The median follow-up time of the whole cohort was 22.5 (interquartile range 16.3, 24.5) years. A total of 5082 deaths were observed in this cohort, a mortality rate of 35.8%. All-cause mortality was significantly higher in the seropositive group than in the seronegative group (50.0% vs 30.6%, P < 0.001). Kaplan–Meier analysis showed a significant difference in the survival time between two groups before and after PSM. Multivariate analysis showed that T. gondii infection was independently associated with higher all-cause mortality after adjusting for potential confounders. Conclusions: Toxoplasma gondii infection is associated with higher mortality in general population. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2022, The Author(s).
A farewell to phlebotomy—use of placenta-derived drugs Laennec and Porcine for improving hereditary hemochromatosis without phlebotomy: a case report; Background: Human hepcidin, produced by hepatocytes, regulates intestinal iron absorption, iron recycling by macrophages, and iron release from hepatic storage. Recent studies indicate that hepcidin deficiency is the underlying cause of the most known form of hereditary hemochromatosis. Case presentation: A 44-year-old Asian man who developed type 2 diabetes mellitus had elevated serum ferritin levels (10,191 ng/mL). Liver biopsy revealed remarkable iron deposition in the hepatocytes and relatively advanced fibrosis (F3). Chromosomal analysis confirmed the presence of transferrin receptor type 2 mutations (c.1100T>G, c.2008_9delAC, hereditary hemochromatosis type 3 analyzed by Kawabata). The patient received intravenous infusions of Laennec (672 mg/day, three times/week) or oral administration with Porcine (3.87 g/day) for 84 months as an alternative to repeated phlebotomy. At the end of the treatment period, serum ferritin level decreased to 428.4 ng/mL (below the baseline level of 536.8 ng/mL). Hemoglobin A1c levels also improved after treatment with the same or lower dose of insulin (8.8% before versus 6.8% after). Plural liver biopsies revealed remarkable improvements in the grade of iron deposition and fibrosis (F3 before versus F1 after) of the liver tissue. Conclusion: The discovery of hepcidin and its role in iron metabolism could lead to novel therapies for hereditary hemochromatosis. Laennec (parenteral) and Porcine (oral), which act as hepcidin inducers, actually improved iron overload in this hereditary hemochromatosis patient, without utilizing sequential phlebotomy. This suggests the possibility of not only improving the prognosis of hereditary hemochromatosis (types 1, 2, and 3) but also ameliorating complications, such as type 2 diabetes, liver fibrosis, and hypogonadism. Laennec and Porcine can completely replace continuous venesection in patients with venesection and may improve other iron-overloading disorders caused by hepcidin deficiency. © 2022, The Author(s).
Peripheral and cognitive benefits of physical exercise in a mouse model of midlife metabolic syndrome; Despite national and international efforts for the prevention of metabolic syndrome and its underlying diseases/disorders, its prevalence is still rising, especially in the middle-aged population. In this study, we explore the effect of high fat diet on the development of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged mice and to evaluate the potential benefits of voluntary physical exercise on the periphery as well as brain cognitive function, and to explore the potential mechanisms. We found that metabolic syndrome developed at middle age significantly impairs cognitive function and the impairment is associated with gene dysregulation in metabolic pathways that are largely affecting astrocytes in the brain. Eight-week voluntary wheel running at a frequency of three times a week, not only improves peripheral glucose control but also significantly improves learning and memory. The improvement of cognitive function is associated with restoration of gene expression involved in energy metabolism in the brain. Our study suggests that voluntary physical exercise is beneficial for metabolic syndrome-induced peripheral as well as cognitive dysfunction and can be recommended as therapeutic intervention for metabolic syndrome and associated diseases. © 2022, The Author(s).
Vitamin D and rosuvastatin alleviate type-II diabetes-induced cognitive dysfunction by modulating neuroinflammation and canonical/noncanonical Wnt/β-catenin signaling; Background Type-II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major risk factor for cognitive impairment. Protecting the brain environment against inflammation, and neurodegeneration, as well as preservation of the BBB veracity through modulating the crosstalk between insulin/AKT/GSK-3β and Wnt/β-catenin signaling, might introduce novel therapeutic targets. Purpose This study aimed at exploring the possible neuroprotective potential of vitamin D3 (VitD) and/or rosuvastatin (RSV) in T2DM-induced cognitive deficits. Methods T2DM was induced by a high-fat sucrose diet and a single streptozotocin (STZ) dose. Diabetic rats were allocated into a diabetic control and three groups treated with RSV (15 mg/ kg/day, PO), VitD (500 IU/kg/day, PO), or their combination. Results Administration of VitD and/or RSV mitigated T2DM-induced metabolic abnormalities and restored the balance between the anti-inflammatory, IL 27 and the proinflammatory, IL 23 levels in the hippocampus. In addition, they markedly activated both the canonical and noncanonical Wnt/β-catenin cassettes with stimulation of their downstream molecular targets. VitD and/or RSV upregulated insulin and α7 nicotinic acetylcholine (α7nACh) receptors gene expression, as well as blood-brain barrier integrity markers including Annexin A1, claudin 3, and VE-cadherin. Also, they obliterated hippocampal ApoE-4 content, Tau hyperphosphorylation, and Aβ deposition. These biochemical changes were reflected as improved behavioral performance in Morris water maze and novel object recognition tests and restored hippocampal histological profile. Conclusion The current findings have accentuated the neuroprotective potential of VitD and RSV and provide new incentives to expand their use in T2DM-induced cognitive and memory decline. This study also suggests a superior benefit of combining both treatments over either drug alone. © 2022 Muneeb et al.
MicroRNAs as Mediators of Adipose Thermogenesis and Potential Therapeutic Targets for Obesity; Obesity is a growing health problem worldwide, associated with an increased risk of multiple chronic diseases. The thermogenic activity of brown adipose tissue (BAT) correlates with leanness in adults. Understanding the mechanisms behind BAT activation and the process of white fat “browning” has important implications for developing new treatments to combat obesity. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small transcriptional regulators that control gene expression in various tissues, including adipose tissue. Recent studies show that miRNAs are involved in adipogenesis and adipose tissue thermogenesis. In this review, we discuss recent advances in the role of miRNAs in adipocyte thermogenesis and obesity. The potential for miRNA-based therapies for obesity and recommendations for future research are highlighted, which may help provide new targets for treating obesity and obesity-related diseases. © 2022 by the authors.
LncRNA MEG3: Potential stock for precision treatment of cardiovascular diseases; The prevalence and mortality rates of cardiovascular diseases are increasing, and new treatment strategies are urgently needed. From the perspective of basic pathogenesis, the occurrence and development of cardiovascular diseases are related to inflammation, apoptosis, fibrosis and autophagy of cardiomyocytes, endothelial cells and other related cells. The involvement of maternally expressed gene 3 (MEG3) in human disease processes has been increasingly reported. P53 and PI3K/Akt are important pathways by which MEG3 participates in regulating cell apoptosis. MEG3 directly or competitively binds with miRNA to participate in apoptosis, inflammation, oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, EMT and other processes. LncRNA MEG3 is mainly involved in malignant tumors, metabolic diseases, immune system diseases, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, etc., LncRNA MEG3 has a variety of pathological effects in cardiomyocytes, fibroblasts and endothelial cells and has great clinical application potential in the prevention and treatment of AS, MIRI, hypertension and HF. This paper will review the research progress of MEG3 in the aspects of mechanism of action, other systemic diseases and cardiovascular diseases, and point out its great potential in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases. lncRNAs also play a role in endothelial cells. In addition, lncRNA MEG3 has shown biomarker value, prognostic value and therapeutic response measurement in tumor diseases. We boldly speculate that MEG3 will play a role in the emerging discipline of tumor heart disease. Copyright © 2022 Li, Gao, Sun, Jiao, Ma, Cui, Lou, Xu, Li and Li.
Potential Mechanisms by Which Hydroxyeicosapentaenoic Acids Regulate Glucose Homeostasis in Obesity; Dysregulation of glucose metabolism in response to diet-induced obesity contributes toward numerous complications, such as insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. Therefore, there is a need to develop effective strategies to improve glucose homeostasis. In this review, we first discuss emerging evidence from epidemiological studies and rodent experiments that increased consumption of EPA (either as oily fish, or dietary/pharmacological supplements) may have a role in preventing impairments in insulin and glucose homeostasis. We then review the current evidence on how EPA-derived metabolites known as hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acids (HEPEs) may be a major mode of action by which EPA exerts its beneficial effects on glucose and lipid metabolism. Notably, cell culture and rodent studies show that HEPEs prevent fat accumulation in metabolic tissues through peroxisome proliferator activated receptor (PPAR)–mediated mechanisms. In addition, activation of the resolvin E1 pathway, either by administration of EPA in the diet or via intraperitoneal administration of resolvin E1, improves hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and liver steatosis through multiple mechanisms. These mechanisms include shifting immune cell phenotypes toward resolution of inflammation and preventing dysbiosis of the gut microbiome. Finally, we present the next steps for this line of research that will drive future precision randomized clinical trials with EPA and its downstream metabolites. These include dissecting the variables that drive heterogeneity in the response to EPA, such as the baseline microbiome profile and fatty acid status, circadian rhythm, genetic variation, sex, and age. In addition, there is a critical need to further investigate mechanisms of action for HEPEs and to establish the concentration of HEPEs in differing tissues, particularly in response to consumption of oily fish and EPA-enriched supplements. © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Microcystin-LR Combined with Cadmium Exposures and the Risk of Chronic Kidney Disease: A Case-Control Study in Central China; Increasing evidence indicates that exposure to microcystin-LR (MC-LR) can cause kidney damage. However, the association between MC-LR exposure and chronic kidney disease (CKD) risk in humans has not been studied. Therefore, we conducted a population-based case-control study involving 135 CKD cases and 135 matched controls in central China and analyzed the effects of MC-LR alone as well as combined with the known risk factor cadmium (Cd). Compared to the lowest quartile of MC-LR exposure, the highest quartile had a 6.56-fold (95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.46, 17.51) significantly increased risk for CKD, displaying a dose-response relationship (ptrend< 0.001). Our animal study also showed that MC-LR exposure induced kidney injury via the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Comparing the highest Cd quartile to the lowest, the adjusted odds ratio for CKD was 3.88 (95% CI: 1.47, 10.28), exhibiting a dose-response relationship (ptrend< 0.006). Furthermore, a positive additive interaction was observed between MC-LR and Cd (relative excess risk due to interaction = 1.81, 95% CI: 0.42, 3.20; attributable proportion of interaction = 0.70, 95% CI: 0.35, 1.05). Our study firstly revealed that MC-LR exposure is an independent risk factor for CKD and has a synergistic relationship with Cd. MC-LR and Cd exposures are associated with CKD risk in a dose-response manner. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
Microbiota in health and diseases; The role of microbiota in health and diseases is being highlighted by numerous studies since its discovery. Depending on the localized regions, microbiota can be classified into gut, oral, respiratory, and skin microbiota. The microbial communities are in symbiosis with the host, contributing to homeostasis and regulating immune function. However, microbiota dysbiosis can lead to dysregulation of bodily functions and diseases including cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), cancers, respiratory diseases, etc. In this review, we discuss the current knowledge of how microbiota links to host health or pathogenesis. We first summarize the research of microbiota in healthy conditions, including the gut-brain axis, colonization resistance and immune modulation. Then, we highlight the pathogenesis of microbiota dysbiosis in disease development and progression, primarily associated with dysregulation of community composition, modulation of host immune response, and induction of chronic inflammation. Finally, we introduce the clinical approaches that utilize microbiota for disease treatment, such as microbiota modulation and fecal microbial transplantation. © 2022, The Author(s).
A multi-centered trial investigating gestational treatment with ursodeoxycholic acid compared to metformin to reduce effects of diabetes mellitus (GUARD): a randomized controlled trial protocol; Background: Each year in the UK, approximately 35,000 women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The condition increases the risk of obstetric and neonatal complications for mother and child, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and large for gestational age babies. Biochemical consequences include maternal hyperglycemia, neonatal hypoglycemia, and dyslipidemia. Metformin is the most commonly used firstline pharmacological treatment. However, there are concerns about its widespread use during pregnancy, due to its limited efficacy and potential safety concerns. Therefore, there is a need for additional therapies that improve both maternal–fetal glucose and lipid metabolism. Ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) is not currently used for treatment for GDM. However, it can improve glucose control in type 2 diabetes, and it improves fetal lipid profiles in gestational cholestasis. Consequentially, it is hypothesized that treatment with UDCA for women with GDM may improve both maternal metabolism and neonatal outcomes. The primary outcome of this trial is to assess the efficacy of UDCA compared with metformin to improve glucose levels in women with GDM. Methods: The trial is a two-armed, open-label, multi-center, randomized controlled trial. Women are eligible if they have been diagnosed with GDM by an oral glucose tolerance test between 24 + 0 and 30 + 6 weeks’ gestation, and if they require pharmacological intervention. In total, 158 pregnant women will be recruited across seven NHS Trusts in England and Wales. Women who consent will be recruited and randomized to either metformin or UDCA, which will be taken daily until the birth of their baby. Maternal and neonatal blood samples will be taken to evaluate the impact of the treatments on maternal glucose control, and maternal and neonatal lipid metabolism. Maternal and fetal outcomes will be evaluated, and acceptability of UDCA compared with metformin will be assessed. Discussion: This trial has the potential to identify a potential new treatment for women with GDM. If successful, a future large multi-center trial will be designed to investigate where decisions can be personalized to identify which women will respond more effectively to UDCA than alternatives to improve maternal and baby outcomes. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04407650. © 2022, The Author(s).
Myo-inositol moderates maternal BMI and glycemia related variations in in-vitro placental 13C-DHA-metabolism, altering their relationships with birthweight; Transplacental docosahexaenoic-acid (DHA) supply for fetal development is regulated by placental DHA-lipid metabolism. Both maternal diabetes and obesity are linked to possible decreased fetal circulating DHA and increased placental DHA-lipids. Since myo-inositol is a promising intervention for gestational diabetes (GDM), we aimed to determine whether myo-inositol could rectify perturbations in placental DHA metabolism associated with maternal increasing glycemia and obesity and examine links with birthweight. Term placental villous explants from 17 women representing a range of BMIs and mid-gestational glycemia, were incubated with 13C-labeled-DHA for 48 h, in 0.3 µmol/L (control) or 60 µmol/L myo-inositol. Individual newly synthesized 13C-DHA-labeled lipid species were quantified by liquid-chromatography-mass-spectrometry. Compared with controls, incubation with myo-inositol decreased most 13C-DHA-lipids in placental explants from women with higher BMI or higher glycemia, but increased 13C-DHA-lipids with normal BMI or lower glycemia. Myo-inositol also increased 13C-DHA-labeled lipids in cases of lower birthweight centile, but induced decreases at higher centiles. Myo-inositol therefore lowered DHA-lipids in placenta with high basal placental DHA-lipid production (higher BMI and glycemia) but increased DHA-lipids where basal processing capacity is low. Myo-inositol thus moderates placental DHA metabolism towards a physiological mean which may in turn moderate birthweight. © 2022, The Author(s).
Fatty Pancreas and Cardiometabolic Risk: Response of Ectopic Fat to Lifestyle and Surgical Interventions; Ectopic fat accumulation in non-adipose organs, such as the pancreas and liver, is associated with an increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. While clinical trials have focused on interventions to decrease body weight and liver fat, ameliorating pancreatic fat can be crucial but successful intervention strategies are not yet defined. We identified twenty-two published studies which quantified pancreatic fat during dietary, physical activity, and/or bariatric surgery interventions targeted at body weight and adipose mass loss alongside their subsequent effect on metabolic outcomes. Thirteen studies reported a significant decrease in body weight, utilising weight-loss diets (n = 2), very low-energy diets (VLED) (n = 2), isocaloric diets (n = 1), a combination of diet and physical activity (n = 2), and bariatric surgery (n = 5) including a comparison with VLED (n = 1). Surgical intervention achieved the largest decrease in pancreatic fat (range: −18.2% to −67.2%) vs. a combination of weight-loss diets, isocaloric diets, and/or VLED (range: −10.2% to −42.3%) vs. diet and physical activity combined (range: −0.6% to −3.9%), with a concurrent decrease in metabolic outcomes. While surgical intervention purportedly is the most effective strategy to decrease pancreas fat content and improve cardiometabolic health, the procedure is invasive and may not be accessible to most individuals. Given that dietary intervention is the cornerstone for the prevention of adverse metabolic health, the alternative approaches appear to be the use of weight-loss diets or VLED meal replacements, which are shown to decrease pancreatic fat and associated cardiometabolic risk. © 2022 by the authors.
Relationship between Insulin Resistance Risk Scales and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Liver Fibrosis Scales in 219,477 Spanish Workers; Insulin resistance (IR) has been identified as a key factor in the appearance of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) as it is related through a complex molecular biochemical and immunological mechanism. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between different scales that estimate the risk of IR and scales that determine the risk of NAFLD. This descriptive and cross-sectional study was performed in 219,477 Spanish workers from different sectors and Spanish regions. The prevalence of high values of all the IR scales increases as the values of the NAFLD and liver fibrosis scales increase. In the multivariate analysis, the risk of presenting high values in the IR scales increases greatly as the values of the NAFLD and hepatic fibrosis scales increase, with particularly high OR values when using the Metabolic Score for Insulin Resistance (METS-IR) scale (LAP high OR 42.20 (95% CI (39.10–45.56) and FLI high OR 32.35 (95% CI 31.10–33.61)). We can conclude that there is a direct relationship between the values of the IR scales and the NAFLD and liver fibrosis scales in our population. © 2022 by the authors.
Combined effect of pancreatic lipid content and gene variants (TCF7L2, WFS1 and 11BHSD1) on B-cell function in Middle Aged Women in a Post Hoc Analysis; Background: TCF7L2 rs7903146 and PNPLA3 rs738409 gene variants confer the strongest risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), respectively. Pancreatic triacylglycerol content (PTGC) was reported to have a role in T2DM development. We aimed to assess the correlation between PTGC and hepatic triacylglycerol content (HTGC) stratified by PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype and subsequently interactions between PTGC and gene variants associated with β-cell dysfunction (TCF7L2, WFS1) and visceral adiposity (11ΒHSD1) on β-cell function were also tested. Methods: PTGC and HTGC were assessed using MR in a post-hoc analysis of a genotype-based (PNPLA3 rs738409) recall study of 39 (lipid- and glucose lowering) drug-naïve women. Oral glucose tolerance test, HbA1c, insulin indices, anthropometric data were evaluated. The effect of minor allele carrying of TCF7L2 (rs7903146); WFS1 (rs1801214) and 11ΒHSD1 (rs4844880) variants in combination with PTGC was studied on surrogate markers of β-cell function. We used Spearman’s rank-order, Mann-Whitney-U tests, and linear regression models. Results: PTGC and HTGC values were correlated after stratification by the rs738409 variant (only in CC genotype group R = 0.67, p = 10− 4). PTGC and HbA1c values correlated in the entire study population (R = 0.58, p = 10− 4). Insulin resistance, sensitivity and disposition indices were correlated with PTGC (HOMA2-IR: R = 0.42, p = 0.008; TyG: R = 0.38, p = 0.018; Matsuda: R= − 0.48, p = 0.002; DIbasal: R=−0.33, p = 0.039; ISSI-2: R=−0.35, p = 0.028). Surrogate markers of β-cell function (HOMA2-B, AUCinsulin/AUCglucose) correlated significantly with PTGC in subjects with the following genotypes rs7903146: CC R = 0.51, p = 0.022; rs18001214: CT + CC R = 0.55, p = 0.013; rs4844880: TA + AA R = 0.56, p = 0.016. The strongest interactions were found between PTGC and TCF7L2 rs7903146 effect on HOMA2-B (p = 0.001) and AUCinsulin/AUCglucose (p = 0.013). Conclusions: The PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype has a major effect on the correlation between PTGC and HTGC. Furthermore we first report the combined effect of PTGC and individual risk gene variants of TCF7L2, WFS1 and 11ΒHSD1 on β-cell dysfunction. The correlation between pancreatic lipid accumulation and HbA1c also indicates an important role for the latter pathology. © 2022, The Author(s).
DNA methylation and expression profiles of placenta and umbilical cord blood reveal the characteristics of gestational diabetes mellitus patients and offspring; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy-specific disease and is growing at an alarming rate worldwide, which can negatively affect the health of pregnant women and fetuses. However, most studies are limited to one tissue, placenta or umbilical cord blood, usually with one omics assay. It is thus difficult to systematically reveal the molecular mechanism of GDM and the key influencing factors on pregnant women and offspring. Results: We recruited a group of 21 pregnant women with GDM and 20 controls without GDM. For each pregnant woman, reduced representation bisulfite sequencing and RNA-seq were performed using the placenta and paired neonatal umbilical cord blood specimens. Differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified with body mass index as a covariate. Through the comparison of GDM and control samples, 2779 and 141 DMRs, 1442 and 488 DEGs were identified from placenta and umbilical cord blood, respectively. Functional enrichment analysis showed that the placenta methylation and expression profiles of GDM women mirrored the molecular characteristics of “type II diabetes” and “insulin resistance.” Methylation-altered genes in umbilical cord blood were associated with pathways “type II diabetes” and “cholesterol metabolism.” Remarkably, both DMRs and DEGs illustrated significant overlaps among placenta and umbilical cord blood samples. The overlapping DMRs were associated with “cholesterol metabolism.” The top-ranking pathways enriched in the shared DEGs include “growth hormone synthesis, secretion and action” and “type II diabetes mellitus.” Conclusions: Our research demonstrated the epigenetic and transcriptomic alternations of GDM women and offspring. Our findings emphasized the importance of epigenetic modifications in the communication between pregnant women with GDM and offspring, and provided a reference for the prevention, control, treatment, and intervention of perinatal deleterious events of GDM and neonatal complications. © 2022, The Author(s).
Role of potential bioactive metabolites from traditional Chinese medicine for type 2 diabetes mellitus: An overview; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a metabolic disease with persistent hyperglycemia primarily caused by insulin resistance (IR). The number of diabetic patients globally has been rising over the past decades. Although significant progress has been made in treating diabetes mellitus (DM), existing clinical drugs for diabetes can no longer fully meet patients when they face complex and huge clinical treatment needs. As a traditional and effective medical system, traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) has a unique understanding of diabetes treatment and has developed many classic and practical prescriptions targeting DM. With modern medicine and pharmacy advancements, researchers have discovered that various bioactive metabolites isolated from TCM show therapeutic on DM. Compared with existing clinical drugs, these bioactive metabolites demonstrate promising prospects for treating DM due to their excellent biocompatibility and fewer adverse reactions. Accordingly, these valuable metabolites have attracted the interest of researchers worldwide. Despite the abundance of research works and specialized-topic reviews published over the past years, there is a lack of updated and systematic reviews concerning this fast-growing field. Therefore, in this review, we summarized the bioactive metabolites derived from TCM with the potential treatment of T2DM by searching several authoritative databases such as PubMed, Web of Science, Wiley Online Library, and Springer Link. For the convenience of readers, the content is divided into four parts according to the structural characteristics of these valuable compounds (flavonoids, terpenoids, alkaloids, and others). Meanwhile, the detailed mechanism and future directions of these promising compounds curing DM are also summarized in the related sections. We hope this review inspires increasingly valuable and significant research focusing on potential bioactive metabolites from TCM to treat DM in the future. Copyright © 2022 Li, Geng-Ji, Quan, Qi, Sun, Huang, Jiang, Sun, Liu and Xie.
Elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio has a non-linear association with incident diabetes mellitus: A second analysis of a cohort study; Objective: Evidence regarding the association between the GGT/HDL-c ratio and incident diabetes is still limited. On that account, our research aims to survey the link of the GGT/HDL-c ratio with the risk of diabetes. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, data of 15,171 participants who participated in the medical examination program were collected in Murakami Memorial Hospital in Japan from 2004 to 2015. The independent and dependent variables were the baseline GGT/HDL-c ratio and diabetes during the follow-up, respectively. The Cox proportional-hazards regression model was used to explore the association between the GGT/HDL-c ratio and diabetes risk. A Cox proportional hazards regression with the cubic spline smoothing was used to recognize non-linear relationships between the GGT/HDL-c ratio and incident diabetes. Results: After adjusting covariates, the results showed that the GGT/HDL-c ratio was positively associated with incident diabetes (HR = 1.013, 95% CI: 1.002, 1.024). There was also a non-linear relationship between the GGT/HDL-c ratio and the risk of diabetes, and the inflection point of the GGT/HDL-c ratio was 6.477. The HR on the left and right sides of the inflection point was 2.568 (1.157, 5.699) and 1.012 (1.001, 1.023), respectively. The sensitivity analysis demonstrated the robustness of the results. Besides, the performance of the FPG + GGT/HDL-c ratio was better than FPG + GGT, FPG + HDL-c, and FPG in predicting diabetes. Conclusion: This study demonstrates a positive and non-linear relationship between the GGT/HDL-c ratio and incident diabetes in the Japanese population. The GGT/HDL-c ratio is strongly related to diabetes risk when it is <6.477. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Pomegranate juice intake enhances the effects of aerobic training on insulin resistance and liver enzymes in type 2 diabetic men: a single-blind controlled trial; Background: Lifestyle interventions are the first-line treatment for Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), highly prevalent in the community. This study aimed to examine the 8-week separate and combined effects of aerobic training (AT) and pomegranate juice intake (PJI) on insulin resistance and serum levels of liver enzymes, liver enzymes, and insulin resistance in men with T2DM. Methods: This study evaluated the alterations of anthropometric indices, insulin resistance, and liver enzymes in 40 middle-aged men (40–50) with T2DM. Participants were randomly assigned into four groups: AT+PJI (n = 10); AT (n = 10); PJI (n = 10), and control (C) (n = 10). The AT program consisted of 60–75% of maximum heart rate (HRmax), 40–60 min/day, and 3 days/wk. Participants in the PJI group consumed 240 ml of pomegranate juice (sugar or additive-free) daily for 8 weeks. Results: AT+PJI, PJI, and AT groups decreased anthropometric indices, HOMA-IR, and liver enzymes after 8 weeks. In contrast, the C group significantly increased the mentioned variables after the intervention. The result showed that AT+PJI significantly lowered liver enzymes, anthropometric indices, and HOMA-IR than AT or PJI alone. Also, the results of this study showed no significant difference between AT and PJI groups. However, in these groups, significant improvements in these variables were observed compared to the control group. Conclusion: Due to the effect of combined AT+PJI in improving T2DM risk factors, it could be recommended for T2DM patients to prevent increased liver enzymes and insulin resistance. © 2022, The Author(s).
Processing Alaska Pollock Protein (Theragra chalcogramma) into Kamaboko Protein Mitigates Elevated Serum Cholesterol and Postprandial Glucose Levels in Obese Zucker fa/fa Rats; Fish paste products such as kamaboko (KB) are traditional Japanese foods prepared from fish meat. The health-promoting properties of fish proteins and their lysates include improving glucose and lipid metabolism. Although the KB manufacturing process and quality have been examined, limited studies have reported the health-promoting function of KB. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of processing Alaska pollock protein (APP) into KB protein (KBP) on serum lipids levels and postprandial glucose tolerance. Obese male Zucker fa/fa rats were fed on different diets for 4 weeks as follows: APP group, fed on a diet in which APP constituted 25% of total protein intake; KBP group, fed on a diet with APP-processed protein as the protein source; control group, fed on a diet with 100% casein as the protein source. Compared with those in the control group, the serum total cholesterol (TC) level was reduced and the elevated postprandial blood glucose level was mitigated during the high-carbohydrate meal tolerance test in the APP and KBP groups. Further, KBP exerted significantly higher effects on serum TC levels and glucose tolerance than APP. © 2022 by the authors.
Diosgenin: An ingress towards solving puzzle for diabetes treatment; The consumption and composition of food in daily life predict our health in long run. The relation of diabetes to sweets is quite popular. Diabetes hampers the glucose and insulin regulation in the human body by damaging pancreatic β cells. Diabetes has a strong potential towards altering cellular mechanisms of organs causing unlawful performance. Diabetes alters pathways like TLR4, AChE, NF-ĸB, LPL, and PPAR at different sites that affect the normal cellular machinery and cause damage to the local tissue and organ. The long-lasting effect of diabetes was observed in vascular, cardia, nervous, skeletal, reproductive, hepatic, ocular, and renal systems. The increasing awareness of diabetes and its concern has awakened the common people more enthusiastically. Due to rising harm from diabetes, scientific researchers tend to have more eyes toward it. While searching for diabetes solutions, fenugreek diosgenin could pop up with some positive effects in curing the same. Diosgenin helps to lower the scathe of diabetes by modifying cellular pathways in favor of healthy bodily functions. Diosgenin altered the pathways for renewal of pancreatic β cells for better insulin secretion, initiate GLUT4, enhanced DHEA, modify ER-α-mediated PI3K/Akt pathways. Diosgenin can be an appropriate insult for diabetes in a much evolving way for a healthy lifestyle. Practical applications: Diabetes is one of the most death causing diseases in the medical world. Regrettably the cure of diabetes is yet to be found. Various scientific team working on the same to look after the most appropriate way for diabetes treatment. There is enormous growth of nutraceutical in the market claiming for cure of different metabolic disorders. Among various bioactive compound fenugreek's diosgenin could took a leap over other in curing and preventing the damage caused by diabetes to different organs. The role of diosgenin in curing various metabolic disorders is quite popular from some time. This article also emphasizes over beneficiary effect of diosgenin in curing the damages caused by diabetes by altering cellular metabolism processes. Hence diosgenin could be a better way for researchers to develop a method for diabetes treatment. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Genetics, epigenetics and transgenerational transmission of obesity in children; Sedentary lifestyle and consumption of high-calorie foods have caused a relentless increase of overweight and obesity prevalence at all ages. Its presently epidemic proportion is disquieting due to the tight relationship of obesity with metabolic syndrome and several other comorbidities which do call for urgent workarounds. The usual ineffectiveness of present therapies and failure of prevention campaigns triggered overtime a number of research studies which have unveiled some relevant aspects of obesity genetic and epigenetic inheritable profiles. These findings are revealing extremely precious mainly to serve as a likely extra arrow to allow the clinician’s bow to achieve still hitherto unmet preventive goals. Evidence now exists that maternal obesity/overnutrition during pregnancy and lactation convincingly appears associated with several disorders in the offspring independently of the transmission of a purely genetic predisposition. Even the pre-conception direct exposure of either father or mother gametes to environmental factors can reprogram the epigenetic architecture of cells. Such phenomena lie behind the transfer of the obesity susceptibility to future generations through a mechanism of epigenetic inheritance. Moreover, a growing number of studies suggests that several environmental factors such as maternal malnutrition, hypoxia, and exposure to excess hormones and endocrine disruptors during pregnancy and the early postnatal period may play critical roles in programming childhood adipose tissue and obesity. A deeper understanding of how inherited genetics and epigenetics may generate an obesogenic environment at pediatric age might strengthen our knowledge about pathogenetic mechanisms and improve the clinical management of patients. Therefore, in this narrative review, we attempt to provide a general overview of the contribution of heritable genetic and epigenetic patterns to the obesity susceptibility in children, placing a particular emphasis on the mother-child dyad. Copyright © 2022 Panera, Mandato, Crudele, Bertrando, Vajro and Alisi.
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms as important risk factors of diabetes among Middle East population; Diabetes is a chronic metabolic disorder that leads to the dysfunction of various tissues and organs, including eyes, kidneys, and cardiovascular system. According to the World Health Organization, diabetes prevalence is 8.8% globally among whom about 90% of cases are type 2 diabetes. There are not any significant clinical manifestations in the primary stages of diabetes. Therefore, screening can be an efficient way to reduce the diabetic complications. Over the recent decades, the prevalence of diabetes has increased alarmingly among the Middle East population, which has imposed exorbitant costs on the health care system in this region. Given that the genetic changes are among the important risk factors associated with predisposing people to diabetes, we examined the role of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the pathogenesis of diabetes among Middle East population. In the present review, we assessed the molecular pathology of diabetes in the Middle East population that paves the way for introducing an efficient SNP-based diagnostic panel for diabetes screening among the Middle East population. Since, the Middle East has a population of 370 million people; the current review can be a reliable model for the introduction of SNP-based diagnostic panels in other populations and countries around the world. © 2022, The Author(s).
Effects of paternal exposure to cigarette smoke on sperm DNA methylation and long-term metabolic syndrome in offspring; Background: Although paternal exposure to cigarette smoke may contribute to obesity and metabolic syndrome in offspring, the underlying mechanisms remain uncertain. Methods: In the present study, we analyzed the sperm DNA-methylation profiles in tobacco-smoking normozoospermic (SN) men, non-tobacco-smoking normozoospermic (N) men, and non-smoking oligoasthenozoospermic (OA) men. Using a mouse model, we also analyzed global methylation and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) of the DLK1 gene in paternal spermatozoa and the livers of progeny. In addition, we quantified DLK1 expression, executed an intra-peritoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT), measured serum metabolites, and analyzed liver lipid accumulation in the F1 offspring. Results: Global sperm DNA-methylation levels were significantly elevated (p < 0.05) in the SN group, and the methylation patterns were different among N, SN, and OA groups. Importantly, the methylation level of the DLK1 locus (cg11193865) was significantly elevated in the SN group compared to both N and OA groups (p < 0.001). In the mouse model, the group exposed to cigarette smoke extract (CSE) exhibited a significantly higher global methylation DNA level in spermatozoa (p < 0.001) and on the DMR sites of Dlk1 in 10-week-old male offspring (p < 0.05), with a significant increase in Dlk1 expression in their livers (p < 0.001). In addition, IPGTT and LDL levels were significantly altered (p < 0.001), with elevated liver fat accumulation (p < 0.05) in F1 offspring. Conclusion: Paternal exposure to cigarette smoke led to increased global methylation of sperm DNA and alterations to the DMR of the DLK1 gene in the F1 generation, which may be inherited parentally and may perturb long-term metabolic function. © 2022, The Author(s).
Maternal Metformin Treatment Reprograms Maternal High-Fat Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis in Offspring Associated with Placental Glucose Transporter Modifications; Maternal high-fat (HF) diet exposure in utero may affect fetal development and cause metabolic problems throughout life due to lipid dysmetabolism and oxidative damage. Metformin has been suggested as a potential treatment for body weight reduction and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, but its reprogramming effect on offspring is undetermined. This study assesses the effects of maternal metformin treatment on hepatic steatosis in offspring caused by maternal HF diet. Female rats were fed either a control or an HF diet before conception, with or without metformin treatment during gestation, and placenta and fetal liver tissues were collected. In another experiment, the offspring were fed a control diet until 120 d (adult stage). Metformin treatment during pregnancy ameliorates placental oxidative stress and enhances placental glucose transporter 1 (GLUT1), GLUT3, and GLUT4 expression levels through 5’ adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation. Maternal metformin treatment was shown to reprogram maternal HF diet-induced changes in offspring fatty liver with the effects observed in adulthood as well. Further validation is required to develop maternal metformin therapy for clinical applications. © 2022 by the authors.
Multifaceted roles of extracellular RNAs in different diseases; Extracellular RNAs (exRNAs) are novel circulating factors that can be used as biomarkers in various diseases. Their unique and diverse kinds, as well as their role as biomarkers, make them significant biomarkers. There has been immense work carried out since the discovery of exRNAs in circulation and other biological fluids to catalog and determine whether exRNAs may be utilized as indicators for health and illness. In this review, we aim to understand the current state of exRNAs in relation to various diseases and their potential as biomarkers. We will also review current issues and challenges faced in using exRNAs, with clinical and lab trials, that can be used as viable markers for different diseases. © 2022, The Author(s).
The association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder characterized by an abnormal vascular response to placentation associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. As liver involvement is one of the main clinical features of preeclampsia, we sought to determine if there is an association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. Methods: A retrospective matched case–control analysis was conducted in a tertiary medical center. Three hundred eleven (311) pregnant women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson disease, and cirrhosis, were match for age, parity, and number of fetuses to 933 healthy pregnant women (control group). The primary outcome measure was the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcome measures were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Confounders found to be significant on univariate analysis were evaluated using logistic regression models, and odds ratios (OR) and confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Results: Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 28 women (9.0%) in the study group and 33 women (3.54%) in the control group (p < 0.001). On multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, chronic liver disease was found to be an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (aOR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518–4.561). Although there was no difference in the gestational week at delivery between the groups (38.6 ± 2.13 vs. 38.8 ± 2.17 for study and control group, respectively, p = 0.410), the study group had a lower mean neonatal birthweight (3088 ± 551 vs. 3182 ± 566 g, p = 0.011). There were no between-group differences in the other parameters evaluated. Conclusion: In our study, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk of preeclampsia. © 2022, The Author(s).
Aging of mesenchymal stem cell: machinery, markers, and strategies of fighting; Human mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are primary multipotent cells capable of differentiating into osteocytes, chondrocytes, and adipocytes when stimulated under appropriate conditions. The role of MSCs in tissue homeostasis, aging-related diseases, and cellular therapy is clinically suggested. As aging is a universal problem that has large socioeconomic effects, an improved understanding of the concepts of aging can direct public policies that reduce its adverse impacts on the healthcare system and humanity. Several studies of aging have been carried out over several years to understand the phenomenon and different factors affecting human aging. A reduced ability of adult stem cell populations to reproduce and regenerate is one of the main contributors to the human aging process. In this context, MSCs senescence is a major challenge in front of cellular therapy advancement. Many factors, ranging from genetic and metabolic pathways to extrinsic factors through various cellular signaling pathways, are involved in regulating the mechanism of MSC senescence. To better understand and reverse cellular senescence, this review highlights the underlying mechanisms and signs of MSC cellular senescence, and discusses the strategies to combat aging and cellular senescence. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2022, The Author(s).
The effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on body composition, complete blood count, prothrombin time, inflammation and liver function in haemophilic adolescents; There is no dietary strategy that has yet been specifically advocated for haemophilia. Therefore, we sought to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet in adolescents with haemophilia. In this parallel trial, forty male adolescents with haemophilia were dichotomised into the DASH group or control group for 10 weeks. The serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein, IL-6, complete blood count (CBC), serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase, serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase, partial thromboplastin time (PTT), waist circumference (WC), percentage of body fat, fat-free mass and liver steatosis were measured at the beginning and end of the study. Serum vitamin C was measured as a biomarker of compliance with the DASH diet. The DASH diet was designed to include high amounts of whole grains, fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, as well as low amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, sweets and red meat. Serum vitamin C in the DASH group was significantly increased compared with the control (P = 0·001). There was a significant reduction in WC (P = 0·005), fat mass (P = 0·006), hepatic fibrosis (P = 0·02) and PTT (P = 0·008) in the DASH group, compared with the control. However, there were no significant differences regarding other selected outcomes between groups. Patients in the DASH group had significantly greater increase in the levels of erythrocyte, Hb and haematocrit, as compared with the control. Adherence to the DASH diet in children with haemophilia yielded significant beneficial effects on body composition, CBC, inflammation and liver function. Copyright © 1975 by Latin American Research Review.
Fetuin-A mediates the difference in adipose tissue insulin resistance between young adult pakistani and norwegian patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: South-Asian immigrants to Western countries have a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and increased adipose tissue insulin resistance (AT-IR), as compared to their Western counterparts. Fetuin-A is a hepatokine known to influence AT-IR. Aim: Can plasma fetuin-A concentrations explain an ethnic difference in adipose tissue insulin resistance? Methods: We performed a two-step euglycemic-hyperinsulinaemic clamp and measured plasma concentrations of fetuin-A and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), in 18 Pakistani and 21 Norwegians with T2DM (age 29–45y) in Norway. AT-IR was calculated as NEFA-suppression during the clamp. The adipokines/cytokines leptin, adiponectin, visfatin, PTX3, IL-1β, INF-γ, and IL-4 were measured in fasting plasma. Liver fat was estimated by CT-scans. Results: Despite a lower BMI, Pakistani patients displayed higher AT-IR than Norwegians. NEFA-suppression during clamp was lower in Pakistani than Norwegians (mean=-20.6%, 95%CI=[-40.8, -0.01] and p = 0.046). Plasma fetuin-A concentration was higher in Pakistani than Norwegians (43.4 ng/mL[12.7,74.0], p = 0.007) and correlated negatively to %NEFA-suppression during clamp (rho=-0.39, p = 0.039). Plasma fetuin-A concentration explained 22% of the ethnic difference in NEFA-suppression during the clamp. Pakistani patients exhibited higher plasma leptin and lower PTX3 levels than Norwegian, and plasma visfatin correlated positively to plasma fetuin-A levels in the Pakistani patients. We observed no correlation between plasma fetuin-A and liver fat, but fetuin-A correlated negatively with plasma IL-1β, INF-γ, and IL-4 concentrations. Plasma IL-4 concentration was lower in Pakistani than in Norwegian patients. Conclusion: Fetuin-A may contribute to explain the discrepancy in T2DM prevalence between Pakistani and Norwegians patients by influencing AT-IR. © 2022, The Author(s).
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass-induced perturbative changes in microbial communities and metabolic pathways in rats; Background: Obesity has become a global health and socioeconomic problem because of an inadequate balance between energy intake and energy expenditure. Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) and sleeve gastrectomy (SG) are the two most commonly used strategies for weight loss, which have been proven to benefit from gut microbiota restoration. Methods: Rats received SG, RYGB, and sham operations for 10 weeks. At the end of the experiment, the fecal microbiota was analyzed using 16s rRNA gene sequencing. In addition, the shift in the plasma metabolism of rats that underwent RYGB surgery was analyzed using untargeted metabolomics. The crosstalk between microbiome and metabolites was revealed using metabolic pathway enrichment and integrated analysis. Result: The SG surgery induced a modest shift in the gut microbiota relative to the RYGB. RYGB significantly decreased the alpha diversity and Firmicutes/Bacteroides (F/B) ratio and increased the proportion of Escherichia, Bacteroides, and Akkermansia genera compared to sham and SG operations. The predicted function of gut microbiota revealed that the RYGB surgery uniquely enhanced the capability of linoleic acid and sphingolipid metabolism. Furthermore, the circulating serine, phosphatidylcholine (PC) 20:5/22:5, riboflavin, L–carnitine, and linoleic acid were evaluated after RYGB surgery. In addition, the metabolic pathway enrichment and integrated analysis suggest that the RYGB induced Escherichia, Bacteroides, and Akkermansia might inhibit the sphingonine and phytosphingosine metabolisms from serine and promote the PC (20:5/22:5) metabolism to produce linoleic acid. Conclusion: This comprehensive analysis not only revealed the difference in the gut microbiota shifts after SG and RYGB but also discovered the perturbative changes in microbial communities and metabolic pathways after RYGB surgery, which provided clues for improving the beneficial effect of RYGB in metabolic disease intervention via regulating bacterial-metabolite crosstalk. Copyright © 2022 Yang, Chen, Shang, Chen, Zhao, Jin, Yang, Liu and Du.
Gut microbial response to host metabolic phenotypes; A large number of studies have proved that biological metabolic phenotypes exist objectively and are gradually recognized by humans. Gut microbes affect the host’s metabolic phenotype. They directly or indirectly participate in host metabolism, physiology and immunity through changes in population structure, metabolite differences, signal transduction and gene expression. Obtaining comprehensive information and specific identification factors associated with gut microbiota and host metabolic phenotypes has become the focus of research in the field of gut microbes, and it has become possible to find new and effective ways to prevent or treat host metabolic diseases. In the future, precise treatment of gut microbes will become one of the new therapeutic strategies. This article reviews the content of gut microbes and carbohydrate, amino acid, lipid and nucleic acid metabolic phenotypes, including metabolic intermediates, mechanisms of action, latest research findings and treatment strategies, which will help to understand the relationship between gut microbes and host metabolic phenotypes and the current research status. Copyright © 2022 Hou, Xiang, Li, Liu and Pan.
A Study of the Metabolic Pathways Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Comparison with Type 2 Diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains incompletely understood and increases the risk of developing Diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2). Metabolomics provides insights etiology and pathogenesis of disease and discovery biomarkers for accurate detection. Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy is a key platform defining metabolic signatures in intact serum/plasma. In the present study, we used NMR-based analysis of macromolecules free-serum to accurately characterize the altered metabolic pathways of GDM and assessing their similarities to DM2. Our findings could contribute to the understanding of the pathophysiology of GDM and help in the identification of metabolomic markers of the disease. Methods: Sixty-two women with GDM matched with seventy-seven women without GDM (control group). 1H NMR serum spectra were acquired on an 11.7 T Bruker Avance DRX NMR spectrometer. Results: We identified 55 metabolites in both groups, 25 of which were significantly altered in the GDM group. GDM group showed elevated levels of ketone bodies, 2-hydroxybutyrate and of some metabolic intermediates of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) and significantly lower levels of metabolites of one-carbon metabolism, energy production, purine metabolism, certain amino acids, 3-methyl-2-oxovalerate, ornithine, 2-aminobutyrate, taurine and trimethylamine N-oxide. Conclusion: Metabolic pathways affected in GDM were beta-oxidation, ketone bodies metabolism, one-carbon metabolism, arginine and ornithine metabolism likewise in DM2, whereas BCAAs catabolism and aromatic amino acids metabolism were affected, but otherwise than in DM2. © 2022 by the authors.
Research progress of asprosin in metabolic diseases and cardiovascular diseases; Asprosin is a newly discovered fasting-induced glucogenic adipokine, which is involved in regulating appetite, glucose and fat metabolism and oxidative stress. Recently, it has been found that asprosin is related to metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver, polycystic ovary syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases such as coronary heart disease and dilated cardiomyopathy, and plays an active role in heart protection. In this paper, the related research progress is summarized. © 2022 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd
Progress in the Preclinical and Clinical Study of Resveratrol for Vascular Metabolic Disease; Vascular metabolic dysfunction presents in various diseases, such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. Due to the high prevalence of these diseases, it is important to explore treatment strategies to protect vascular function. Resveratrol (RSV), a natural polyphenolic phytochemical, is regarded as an agent to regulate metabolic pathways. Many studies have proven that RSV has beneficial effects on improving metabolism in endothelial cells (ECs) and vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs), which provide new directions to treat vascular metabolic diseases. Herein, we overviewed that RSV could regulate cell metabolism activity by inhibiting glucose uptake, suppressing glycolysis, preventing cells from fatty acid-related damages, reducing lipogenesis, increasing fatty acid oxidation, enhancing lipolysis, elevating uptake and synthesis of glutamine, and increasing NO release. Furthermore, in clinical trials, although the results from different studies remain controversial, we proposed that RSV had better therapeutic effects at high concentrations and for patients with metabolic disorders. © 2022 by the authors.
Transgenerational effects of zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation on glucose homeostasis in female offspring of gestational diabetes rats; Clinical studies have demonstrated that maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the offspring's risk of developing glucose intolerance. Our previous study reported that co-supplementation with zinc, selenium, and chromium improved insulin resistance in diet-induced GDM rats. Here, Transgenerational effects of supplementation with zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 μg/kg.bw), and chromium (20 μg/kg.bw) in F1 female offspring of both zinc, selenium and chromium (ZnSeCr)-treated, and untreated GDM rats daily by gavage from weaning to the postpartum were investigated in the present study. Glucose homeostasis in the F1 female offspring of GDM at different stages were evaluated. Maternal GDM did increase the birth mass of newborn F1 female offspring, as well as the serum glucose and insulin levels. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation attenuated the GDM-induced mass gain, increased serum glucose and insulin levels in the female neonates. The high fat and sucrose (HFS) diet-fed GDM-F1 offspring developed GDM, with glucose intolerance, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance during pregnancy. Moreover, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-related protein levels were increased and the activation of insulin signaling pathways were reduced in the liver of HFS-fed GDM-F1 offspring. Whereas glucose homeostasis in parallel with insulin sensitivity was normalized in the female offspring of GDM by supplementation both F0 dams and F1 offspring with zinc, selenium and chromium, not in those either F0 or F1 elements supplemented offspring. Therefore, we speculate that zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may have a potential beneficial transgenerational effect on the glucose homeostasis in the female offspring of GDM. © 2022
A Comprehensive Analysis of Chinese, Japanese, Korean, US-PIMA Indian, and Trinidadian Screening Scores for Diabetes Risk Assessment and Prediction; Risk assessment and developing predictive models for diabetes prevention is considered an important task. Therefore, we proposed to analyze and provide a comprehensive analysis of the performance of diabetes screening scores for risk assessment and prediction in five populations: the Chinese, Japanese, Korean, US-PIMA Indian, and Trinidadian populations, utilizing statistical and machine learning (ML) methods. Additionally, due to the present COVID-19 epidemic, it is necessary to investigate how diabetes and COVID-19 are related to one another. Thus, by using a sample of the Korean population, the interrelationship between diabetes and COVID-19 was further investigated. The results revealed that by using a statistical method, the optimal cut points among Chinese, Japanese, Korean, US-PIMA Indian, and Trinidadian populations were 6.205 mmol/L (FPG), 5.523 mmol/L (FPG), and 5.375% (HbA1c), 150.50–106.50 mg/dL (FBS), 123.50 mg/dL (2hPG), and 107.50 mg/dL (FBG), respectively, with AUC scores of 0.97, 0.80, 0.78, 0.85, 0.79, and 0.905. The results also confirmed that diabetes has a significant relationship with COVID-19 in the Korean population (p-value 0.001), with an adjusted OR of 1.21. Finally, the overall best ML models were performed by Naïve Bayes with AUC scores of 0.736, 0.75, and 0.83 in the Japanese, Korean, and Trinidadian populations, respectively. © 2022 by the authors.
Association between MRI-based visceral adipose tissues and metabolic abnormality in a Chinese population: a cross-sectional study; Background: Previous studies have indicated that the deposition of abdominal adipose tissue was associated with the abnormalities of cardiometabolic components. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship of visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and metabolic status and the different effects between males and females. Methods: The 1388 eligible subjects were recruited in a baseline survey of metabolic syndrome in China, from two communities in Hangzhou and Chengdu. Areas of abdominal VAT and SAT were measured by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Serum total triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured by an automated biochemical analyzer. Metabolic abnormality (MA) was defined more than one abnormal metabolic components, which was based on the definition of metabolic syndrome (IDF 2005). Multiple logistic regression was used to calculate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI). Predictive value was assessed by area under the curve (AUC), net reclassification improvement (NRI), and integrated discrimination improvement (IDI), respectively. Results: Their mean age was 53.8 years (SD: 7.1 years), the mean body mass index (BMI) was 23.7 kg/m2, and 44.8% of the subjects were male. Both male and female with MA had higher VAT levels compared to subjects with normal metabolism (MN), and male had higher SAT levels than female (P < 0.05). Higher VAT was significantly associated with MA with ORs in the fourth quartile (Q4) of 6.537 (95% CI = 3.394–12.591) for male and 3.364 (95% CI = 1.898–5.962) for female (P for trend < 0.05). In female, VAT could increase the risk of metabolic abnormalities, but SAT could increase the risk of MA in the second and fourth quartiles (Q2 and Q4) only at BMI > 24 kg/m2. In male, VAT improved the predictive value of MA compared to BMI and waist circumference (WC), the AUC was 0.727 (95% CI = 0.687–0.767), the NRI was 0.139 (95% CI = 0.070–0.208) and 0.106 (95% CI = 0.038–0.173), and the IDI was 0.074 (95% CI = 0.053–0.095) and 0.046 (95% CI = 0.026–0.066). Similar results were found in female. Conclusions: In male, VAT and SAT could increase the risk of metabolic abnormalities both at BMI < 24 kg/m2 and at BMI ≥ 24 kg/m2. In female, VAT could increase the risk of metabolic abnormalities but SAT could increase the risk of MA in the second and fourth quartiles (Q2 and Q4) only at BMI > 24 kg/m2. Deposition of abdominal adipose tissue was associated with metabolic abnormalities. VAT improved the predictive power of MA. © 2022, The Author(s).
Type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes accounts for nearly 90% of the approximately 537 million cases of diabetes worldwide. The number affected is increasing rapidly with alarming trends in children and young adults (up to age 40 years). Early detection and proactive management are crucial for prevention and mitigation of microvascular and macrovascular complications and mortality burden. Access to novel therapies improves person-centred outcomes beyond glycaemic control. Precision medicine, including multiomics and pharmacogenomics, hold promise to enhance understanding of disease heterogeneity, leading to targeted therapies. Technology might improve outcomes, but its potential is yet to be realised. Despite advances, substantial barriers to changing the course of the epidemic remain. This Seminar offers a clinically focused review of the recent developments in type 2 diabetes care including controversies and future directions. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Therapeutic Potential of Plant Polysaccharides in Metabolic Diseases; Plant polysaccharides (PPS) composed of more than 10 monosaccharides show high safety and various pharmacological activities, including immunoregulatory, antitumor, antioxidative, antiaging, and other effects. In recent years, emerging evidence has indicated that many PPS are beneficial for metabolic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, obesity, and neurological diseases, which are usually caused by the metabolic disorder of fat, sugar, and protein. In this review, we introduce the common characteristics and functional activity of many representative PPS, emphasize the common risks and molecular mechanism of metabolic diseases, and discuss the pharmacological activity and mechanism of action of representative PPS obtained from plants including Aloe vera, Angelica sinensis, pumpkin, Lycium barbarum, Ginseng, Schisandra chinensis, Dioscorea pposite, Poria cocos, and tea in metabolic diseases. Finally, this review will provide directions and a reference for future research and for the development of PPS into potential drugs for the treatment of metabolic diseases. © 2022 by the authors.
Secondary analysis of a university-based weight loss program in on-campus versus off-campus employees; Introduction: Many barriers prevent individuals from regularly engaging in physical activity (PA), including lack of time and access to facilities. Providing free gym membership close to one's work may alleviate both time and financial barriers, increase PA, and result in greater weight loss. The purpose of this secondary analysis was to determine if gym usage, self-reported leisure PA, and weight loss differed between participants working on the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus (ON) versus working off-campus (OFF) during a 6-month weight loss trial. Methods: 117 adults (ON, n = 62; OFF, n = 55) with overweight or obesity received free gym memberships for the duration of trial. Average gym check ins/week, self-report leisure PA, weight, and fat and lean mass were compared between groups. Results: ON reported more check-ins than OFF (ON, 0.93 ± 0.16 times/week; OFF, 0.55 ± 0.10 times/week p = 0.038). Both groups reported increased leisure PA, with ON reporting more leisure PA than OFF at month 4. Both groups had reductions in weight and fat mass, which were similar between groups. Conclusion: Gym usage in both groups was low, suggesting that convenient and free gym access only marginally promoted use of provided facilities, likely having little additional impact on PA and weight change. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The parent trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02627105. © 2022 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Serum interleukin-38 levels correlated with insulin resistance, liver injury and lipids in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Insulin resistance, liver injury and dyslipidemia are reported in non-alcoholic fat liver disease (NAFLD) patients. Interleukin (IL)-38 may take part in the pathophysiology of insulin resistance. Nevertheless, the function of IL-38 in NAFLD is unknown. Herein, we determined whether serum IL-38 level might be utilised as a biochemical marker for diagnosing NAFLD. Methods: NAFLD patients and healthy participants (n = 91 each) were enrolled. Circulating serum IL-38 levels were detected using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Other metabolic and inflammatory indices related to NAFLD were also assessed. Results: Patients with NAFLD had higher serum IL-38 levels than healthy individuals. Significantly higher serum IL-38 levels were found in patients with severe and moderate NAFLD than in patients with mild NAFLD. IL-38 showed a significant correlation with parameters of insulin resistance, inflammation, and liver enzyme in NAFLD cases. Anthropometric, insulin resistance, inflammatory parameters, lipids and frequency of NAFLD showed significant differences among the serum IL-38 level tertiles. Participants in the 2nd and 3rd tertiles of serum IL-38 levels had a greater risk of NAFLD than those in the 1st tertile. Furthermore, IL-38 ROC curve showed a high area under ROC with 0.861. Conclusions: It is possible for serum IL-38 to be a biomarker for NAFLD. © 2022, The Author(s).
Population-based plasma lipidomics reveals developmental changes in metabolism and signatures of obesity risk: a mother-offspring cohort study; Background: Lipids play a vital role in health and disease, but changes to their circulating levels and the link with obesity remain poorly characterized in expecting mothers and their offspring in early childhood. Methods: LC-MS/MS-based quantitation of 480 lipid species was performed on 2491 plasma samples collected at 4 time points in the mother-offspring Asian cohort GUSTO (Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes). These 4 time points constituted samples collected from mothers at 26–28 weeks of gestation (n=752) and 4–5 years postpartum (n=650), and their offspring at birth (n=751) and 6 years of age (n=338). Linear regression models were used to identify the pregnancy and developmental age-specific variations in the plasma lipidomic profiles, and their association with obesity risk. An independent birth cohort (n=1935), the Barwon Infant Study (BIS), comprising mother-offspring dyads of Caucasian origin was used for validation. Results: Levels of 36% of the profiled lipids were significantly higher (absolute fold change > 1.5 and Padj < 0.05) in antenatal maternal circulation as compared to the postnatal phase, with phosphatidylethanolamine levels changing the most. Compared to antenatal maternal lipids, cord blood showed lower concentrations of most lipid species (79%) except lysophospholipids and acylcarnitines. Changes in lipid concentrations from birth to 6 years of age were much higher in magnitude (log2FC=−2.10 to 6.25) than the changes observed between a 6-year-old child and an adult (postnatal mother) (log2FC=−0.68 to 1.18). Associations of cord blood lipidomic profiles with birth weight displayed distinct trends compared to the lipidomic profiles associated with child BMI at 6 years. Comparison of the results between the child and adult BMI identified similarities in association with consistent trends (R2=0.75). However, large number of lipids were associated with BMI in adults (67%) compared to the children (29%). Pre-pregnancy BMI was specifically associated with decrease in the levels of phospholipids, sphingomyelin, and several triacylglycerol species in pregnancy. Conclusions: In summary, our study provides a detailed landscape of the in utero lipid environment provided by the gestating mother to the growing fetus, and the magnitude of changes in plasma lipidomic profiles from birth to early childhood. We identified the effects of adiposity on the circulating lipid levels in pregnant and non-pregnant women as well as offspring at birth and at 6 years of age. Additionally, the pediatric vs maternal overlap of the circulating lipid phenotype of obesity risk provides intergenerational insights and early opportunities to track and intervene the onset of metabolic adversities. Clinical trial registration: This birth cohort is a prospective observational study, which was registered on 1 July 2010 under the identifier NCT01174875. © 2022, The Author(s).
Antenatal FibroScan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study; Background: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease with increasingly recognised associations with gestational diabetes (GDM), including within the antenatal period. Aims: To assess the relationship between MAFLD in pregnancy and development of GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were enrolled before 24 weeks gestation from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. Two FibroScan® assessments were performed, one prior to 24 weeks and one after 30 weeks gestation, to assess hepatic steatosis and stiffness. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) score ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. GDM was determined by an antenatal 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing. Results: Six (12%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy, while none had abnormal hepatic stiffness. Sixteen (32%) women developed GDM. No significant difference was observed in GDM rates (50% vs 29.5%; P = 0.37) between those with MAFLD in early pregnancy and those without. At the second scan (completed by 34 women), those who developed GDM had a lower observed mean increase in CAP scores (11.1 ± 23.3 dB/m vs −14.9 ± 26.0 dB/m; P = 0.004) and lower maternal weight gain (0.6 ± 0.2 kg/week vs 0.4 ± 0.2 kg/week; P = 0.04). Conclusions: There was no statistically significant association between FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy and subsequent development of GDM in this pilot study. Maternal weight gain may be associated with changes in the CAP scores, which reflect steatosis, during pregnancy. © 2021 Royal Australasian College of Physicians.
Altered Gut Microbial Profile Accompanied by Abnormal Fatty Acid Metabolism Activity Exacerbates Endometrial Cancer Progression; Endometrial cancer (EC) is the most prevalent gynecological malignancy, with a higher risk in obese woman, indicating the possibility of gut microbiota involvement in EC progression. However, no direct evidence of a relationship between EC and gut microbiota in humans has been discovered. Here, we performed 16S rRNA sequencing to explore the relationship between dysbiosis of gut microbiota and cancer development in different types of EC patients. The results clearly show the differential profiles of gut microbiota between EC patients and normal participants as well as the association between gut microbiota and EC progression. Targeted metabolomics of plasma revealed an increased level of C16:1 and C20:2, which was positively associated with the abundance of Ruminococcus sp. N15.MGS-57. The higher richness of Ruminococcus sp. N15.MGS-57 in EC subjects not only was positively associated with blood C16:1 and C20:2 but also was negatively correlated with betalain and indole alkaloid biosynthesis. Furthermore, the combined marker panel of gut bacteria, blood metabolites, and clinical indices could distinguish the EC patients under lean and overweight conditions from normal subjects with high accuracy in both discovery and validation sets. In addition, the alteration of tumor microenvironment metabolism of EC was characterized by imaging mass microscopy. Spatial visualization of fatty acids showed that C16:1 and C18:1 obviously accumulate in tumor tissue, and C16:1 may promote EC cell invasion and metastasis through mTOR signaling. The aberrant fecal microbiome, more specifically, Ruminococcus sp. N15.MGS-57 and spatially distributed C16:1 in EC tissues, can be used as a biomarker of clinical features and outcomes and provide a new therapeutic target for clinical treatment. Copyright © 2022 Zhao et al.
Sesamolin Alleviates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease through Modulating Gut Microbiota and Metabolites in High-Fat and High-Fructose Diet-Fed Mice; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become a major public health problem. The effects of sesamolin on obesity-associated NAFLD and its possible mechanism are still poorly understood. The present study investigated the effects of sesamolin on NAFLD and changes in gut microbiota and serum metabolites in high-fat and high-fructose (HF-HF) diet-fed mice. Mice with NAFLD were treated with or without sesamolin. Sesamolin effectively suppressed obesity-associated metabolic disorder, attenuated hepatic steatosis and the infiltration of inflammatory cells, and decreased levels of hepatic proinflammatory cytokines. Sesamolin also altered the composition of gut microbiota at the genus level. Additionally, differential serum metabolite biomarkers identified in an untargeted metabolomics analysis showed that sesamolin changed the levels of metabolites and influenced metabolomics pathways including caffeine metabolism, steroid hormone biosynthesis, and cysteine and methionine metabolism. Changes in metabolite biomarkers and the abundances of Faecalibaculum, Lachnoclostridium, Mucispirillum, Allobaculum, and Bacteroides are highly correlated with those factors involved in the progression of NAFLD. These results are important in deciphering new mechanisms by which changes in bacteria and metabolites in sesamolin treatment might be associated with the alleviation of obesity-associated NAFLD in HF-HF diet-fed mice. Thus, sesamolin may be a potential compound for obesity-associated NAFLD treatment. © 2022 by the authors.
Integrated lipidomics and network pharmacology analysis to reveal the mechanisms of berberine in the treatment of hyperlipidemia; Background: Berberine (BBR), an isoquinoline alkaloid isolated from Rhizoma Coptis, is widely used in the treatment of hyperlipidemia (HLP) in China. At present, the efficacy of BBR against HLP is relatively clear, but there are few researches on its mechanism. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potentially beneficial role of BBR in HLP hamster models, as well as investigate its possible mechanisms and potential lipid biomarkers in combination with network pharmacology. Methods: HLP hamster model was induced by high-fat diet. Hematoxylin—eosin (HE) staining was used to determine the degree of hepatic pathological injury. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry was used to analyze lipid metabolism profiles of liver samples, and multiple statistical analysis methods were used to screen and identify lipid biomarkers. The possible molecular mechanism was unraveled by network pharmacology. Results: The results showed that 13 metabolites, including CE (16:1), HexCer (D18:1/19:0) and LPC (O-22:0) were biomarkers of BBR regulation. CHPT1, PLA2G4A, LCAT and UGCG were predicted as the lipid-linked targets of BBR against HLP, whilst glycerophospholipid and sphingolipid metabolism were the key pathways of BBR against HLP. Conclusions: In summary, this study provides new insights into the protective mechanism of BBR against HLP through network pharmacology and lipidomic approaches. © 2022, The Author(s).
The effectiveness of lifestyle interventions on type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes incidence and cardiometabolic outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of evidence from low- and middle-income countries; Background: As lifestyle modification offers a unique strategy to prevent diabetes, we evaluated the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). Methods: We did a systematic literature review and meta-analysis. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library for randomised controlled trials published in English, Spanish, French, and Portuguese between 1 January 2000 and 15 June 2022, evaluating multi-target and multi-component lifestyle interventions in at-risk populations conducted in LMICs. The main outcomes were incidence of type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes, and indicators of glycaemic control. We assessed the methodological quality of the studies using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Inverse-variance random-effects meta-analyses estimated the overall effect sizes. Sources of heterogeneity and study bias were evaluated. The study protocol was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021279174). Findings: From 14 330 abstracts, 48 (0·3%) studies with 50 interventions were eligible of which 56% were conducted in lower-middle-income countries, 44% in upper-middle, and none in low-income. 54% of the studies were assessed as moderate risk of bias and 14% as high risk. A median of 246 (IQR 137-511) individuals participated in the interventions with a median duration of 6 (3-12) months. Lifestyle interventions decreased the incidence risk ratio of type 2 diabetes by 25% (0·75 [95% CI 0·61 to 0·91]), and reduced the levels of HbA1c by 0·15% [−0·25 to −0·05], fasting plasma glucose by 3·44 mg/dL [−4·72 to −2·17], and 2-hr glucose tolerance by 4·18 mg/dL [−7·35 to −1·02]. No publication bias was suggested for these outcomes. High levels of heterogeneity (I²≥ 81%) were found in most meta-analyses. Exploration using meta-regressions could not identify any explanatory variable, except for fasting glucose for which the quality score of the articles seems to be an effect modifier decreasing slightly the heterogeneity (72%) in the low risk of bias pooled estimate. The effect on gestational diabetes could not be evaluated due to the scarcity of available studies. Interpretation: Comprehensive lifestyle interventions are effective strategies to prevent type 2 diabetes among at-risk populations in LMICs. The heterogeneity identified in our results should be considered when using these interventions to address the onset of type 2 diabetes. Funding: None. © 2022 The Author(s)
Association of exposure to ambient particulate matter with maternal thyroid function in early pregnancy; Background: It is known that maternal thyroid dysfunction during early pregnancy can cause adverse pregnancy complications and birth outcomes. This study was designed to examine the association between ambient particulate matter with aerodynamic diameters ≤2.5 μm (PM2.5) and particulate matter with aerodynamic diameters ≤10 μm (PM10) exposure and maternal thyroid function during early pregnancy. Methods: This study was based on data from a birth cohort study of 921 pregnant women in China. We estimated associations between ambient PM2.5 and PM10 exposure during the first trimester of pregnancy (estimated with land-use regression models) and maternal thyroid hormone concentrations (free thyroxine (FT4), free tri-iodothyronine (FT3), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH)) collected between weeks 10 and 17 of gestation using linear regression models adjusting for potential confounders. Ambient PM2.5 and PM10 concentrations were modeled per interquartile range (IQR) increment and as tertiles based on the distribution of the exposure levels. Results: An IQR increment (68 μg/m3) in PM2.5 exposure was associated with a significant decrease in maternal FT4 levels (β = −0.60, 95% CI: −1.07, −0.12); and a significant decrease in FT4/FT3 ratio (β = −0.13, 95% CI: −0.25, −0.02). Further analyses showed that, relative to the lowest tertile, women in both the middle and highest tertiles of PM2.5 had significantly lower concentrations of maternal FT4 and FT4/FT3 ratio. No significant associations were found between PM2.5 and FT3 or TSH levels. PM10 exposure was not significantly associated with maternal thyroid function. Conclusions: Our study suggested that higher ambient PM2.5, not PM10, exposed during the first trimester of pregnancy were associated with a significant decrease in maternal serum FT4 concentrations and FT4/FT3 ratio. Studies in populations with different exposure levels are needed to replicate our study results. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Molecular Mechanistic Pathways Targeted by Natural Compounds in the Prevention and Treatment of Diabetic Kidney Disease; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one of the most common complications of diabetes, and its prevalence is still growing rapidly. However, the efficient therapies for this kidney disease are still limited. The pathogenesis of DKD involves glucotoxicity, lipotoxicity, inflammation, oxidative stress, and renal fibrosis. Glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity can cause oxidative stress, which can lead to inflammation and aggravate renal fibrosis. In this review, we have focused on in vitro and in vivo experiments to investigate the mechanistic pathways by which natural compounds exert their effects against the progression of DKD. The accumulated and collected data revealed that some natural compounds could regulate inflammation, oxidative stress, renal fibrosis, and activate autophagy, thereby protecting the kidney. The main pathways targeted by these reviewed compounds include the Nrf2 signaling pathway, NF-κB signaling pathway, TGF-β signaling pathway, NLRP3 inflammasome, autophagy, glycolipid metabolism and ER stress. This review presented an updated overview of the potential benefits of these natural compounds for the prevention and treatment of DKD progression, aimed to provide new potential therapeutic lead compounds and references for the innovative drug development and clinical treatment of DKD. © 2022 by the authors.
Pear pomace soluble dietary fiber ameliorates the negative effects of high-fat diet in mice by regulating the gut microbiota and associated metabolites; The gut microbiota and related metabolites are positively regulated by soluble dietary fiber (SDF). In this study, we explored the effects of SDF from pear pomace (PP) on the regulation of gut microbiota and metabolism in high-fat-diet-fed (HFD-fed) C57BL/6J male mice. The results showed that PP-SDF was able to maintain the HFD disrupted gut microbiota diversity with a significant increase in Lachnospiraceae_UCG-006, Akkermansia, and Bifidobacterium spp. The negative effects of high-fat diet were ameliorated by PP-SDF by regulating lipid metabolisms with a significant increase in metabolites like isobutyryl carnitine and dioscoretine. Correlation analysis revealed that gut microbiota, such as Akkermansia and Lachnospiraceae_UCG-006 in the PP-SDF intervention groups had strong positive correlations with isobutyryl carnitine and dioscoretin. These findings demonstrated that PP-SDF interfered with the host's gut microbiota and related metabolites to reduce the negative effects caused by a high-fat diet. Copyright © 2022 Ji, Mao, Gao, Chitrakar, Sadiq, Wang, Wu, Xu and Sang.
Sanghuangporus vaninii mixture ameliorated type 2 diabetes mellitus and altered intestinal microbiota in mice; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic disease mainly caused by insufficient insulin secretion and insulin resistance. In addition, T2DM is often accompanied by dysregulation of lipid metabolism and inflammatory response. The effect of oral administration of a Sanghuangporus vaninii mixture (SVM) on T2DM mice was evaluated. The results showed that SVM intervention could change body weight and glucose/lipid metabolism-related indicators. In addition, it can also improve the level of inflammatory factors to play a protective role in the pancreas and the jejunum. 16S rRNA gene sequencing analysis indicated that SVM intervention significantly altered the intestinal microbiota in mice, elevating the relative abundances of Bacteroidetes, Verrucomicrobia, Akkermansia, Alloprevotella, and Blautia, and decreasing the relative abundances of Firmicutes, Lactobacillus, Flavonifractor, and Odoribacter in the feces of diabetic mice, compared with the model group. Moreover, the functional modules of fatty acid degradation, glycerolipid metabolism, purine metabolism, histidine metabolism, folate biosynthesis, GABAergic synapse, etc. were regulated by SVM intervention in T2DM mice. Additionally, integrative correlation analysis revealed that the representative intestinal microbes in response to SVM intervention in diabetic mice were markedly related to glucose/lipid metabolism-related indicators (e.g. blood glucose, insulin resistance, lipid indexes, and inflammatory factors). Hence, these findings suggest that the SVM could modulate the structure, abundance, and function of intestinal microbiota to potentially ameliorate T2DM and its complications (e.g. hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and inflammation) in mice. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Galectin-1 in Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes; Galectin-1 is a carbohydrate-binding protein expressed in many tissues. In recent years, increasing evidence has emerged for the role of galectin-1 in obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Galectin-1 has been highly conserved through evolution and is involved in key cellular functions such as tissue maturation and homeostasis. It has been shown that galectin-1 increases in obesity, both in the circulation and in the adipose tissue of human and animal models. Several proteomic studies have independently identified an increased galectin-1 expression in the adipose tissue in obesity and in insulin resistance. Large population-based cohorts have demonstrated associations for circulating galectin-1 and markers of insulin resistance and incident type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, galectin-1 is associated with key metabolic pathways including glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as insulin signalling and inflammation. Intervention studies in animal models alter animal weight and metabolic profile. Several studies have also linked galectin-1 to the progression of complications in diabetes, including kidney disease and retinopathy. Here, we review the current knowledge on the clinical potential of galectin-1 in obesity and type 2 diabetes. © 2022 by the authors.
The effects of supplementation of probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics on patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most prevalent chronic liver disease. Research on the efficacy of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics on NAFLD patients continues to be inconsistent. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of these microbial therapies on NAFLD. Methods: Eligible randomized-controlled trials reporting the effect of probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics in NAFLD were searched in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Google scholar, and CNKI databases from 2020 to Jul 2022. The changes in the outcomes were analyzed using standard mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) with a random- or fixed-effects model to examine the effect of microbial therapies. Subgroup analysis, influence and publication bias analysis were also performed. The quality of the eligible studies was evaluated using the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool. Results: Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria involving 741 individuals. Microbial therapies could improve liver steatosis, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-c), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMAI-R) (all P < 0.05). But microbial therapies could not ameliorate body mass index (BMI), energy, carbohydrate, fat intake, fasting blood sugar, HbA1c, insulin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and hepatic fibrosis of patients with NAFLD. Conclusion: Probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics supplementation can potentially improve liver enzymes, lipid profiles, and liver steatosis in patients with NAFLD. Copyright © 2022 Xing, Gao, Lv, Zhao, Mao, Dong and Zhang.
The metabolic conditioning of obesity: A review of the pathogenesis of obesity and the epigenetic pathways that “program” obesity from conception; Understanding the developmental origins of health and disease is integral to overcome the global tide of obesity and its metabolic consequences, including atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The rising prevalence of obesity has been attributed, in part, to environmental factors including the globalization of the western diet and unhealthy lifestyle choices. In this review we argue that how and when such exposures come into play from conception significantly impact overall risk of obesity and later health outcomes. While the laws of thermodynamics dictate that obesity is caused by an imbalance between caloric intake and energy expenditure, the drivers of each of these may be laid down before the manifestation of the phenotype. We present evidence over the last half-century that suggests that the temporospatial evolution of obesity from intrauterine life and beyond is, in part, due to the conditioning of physiological processes at critical developmental periods that results in maladaptive responses to obesogenic exposures later in life. We begin the review by introducing studies that describe an association between perinatal factors and later risk of obesity. After a brief discussion of the pathogenesis of obesity, including the systemic regulation of appetite, adiposity, and basal metabolic rate, we delve into the mechanics of how intrauterine, postnatal and early childhood metabolic environments may contribute to adult obesity risk through the process of metabolic conditioning. Finally, we detail the specific epigenetic pathways identified both in preclinical and clinical studies that synergistically “program” obesity. Copyright © 2022 Rajamoorthi, LeDuc and Thaker.
Oxylipins as Potential Regulators of Inflammatory Conditions of Human Lactation; Chronic low-grade inflammation can be associated with obesity or subclinical mastitis (SCM), which is associated with poor infant growth in low- to middle-income country settings. It is unknown what physiological mechanisms are involved in low milk supply, but our research group has shown that mothers with low milk supply have higher inflammatory markers. Studies investigating oxylipin signaling have the potential to help explain mechanisms that mediate the impacts of inflammation on milk production. Animal studies have reported various elevated oxylipins during postpartum inflammation, mastitis, and mammary involution in ruminant models. Several investigations have quantified oxylipins in human milk, but very few studies have reported circulating oxylipin concentrations during lactation. In addition, there are technical considerations that must be addressed when reporting oxylipin concentrations in human milk. First, the majority of milk oxylipins are esterified in the triglyceride pool, which is not routinely measured. Second, total milk fat should be considered as a covariate when using milk oxylipins to predict outcomes. Finally, storage and handling conditions of milk samples must be carefully controlled to ensure accurate milk oxylipin quantitation, which may be affected by highly active lipases in human milk. © 2022 by the author.
Association between Circulating MicroRNAs (miR-21-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-29b-3p, miR-126-3p and miR-101-3p) and Chronic Allograft Dysfunction in Renal Transplant Recipients; Chronic allograft dysfunction (CAD) is a major condition affecting long-term kidney graft survival. Serum microRNA (miRNA) has been reported as a biomarker for various conditions of allograft injuries. The upregulation of miR-21 is the best-known miRNA change in graft tissue, urine and plasma. However, the correlation of plasma miR-21 with the severity of CAD remains unclear. In our study, 40 kidney transplantation recipients with late graft survival for more than 10 years were enrolled. The CAD group (n = 20) had either an eGFR between 15 to 60 mL/min or a biopsy-proved chronic allograft nephropathy or rejection. The control group (n = 20) had an eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min without proteinuria and hematuria for a consecutive 3 months before the study. We performed RNA sequencing to profile the miRNAs expression. There were six differentially expressed miRNAs in the CAD group. Among them, miR-21-5p and miR-101-3p were decreased, and miR-20a-5p was increased. We found that miR-21-5p, miR-20a-5p and miR-101-3p all participated in the TGF-beta pathway. We demonstrated that decreased miR-21-5p and miR-101-3p, and increased miR-20a-5p were the novel CAD-associated miRNAs in the TGF-beta pathway. These findings may pave the way for developing early prediction miRNAs biomarkers for CAD, and possibly developing therapeutic tools in the field of kidney transplantation. © 2022 by the authors.
Adropin as an indicator of T2DM and its complications; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of metabolic diseases with the major inducer of obesity. Due to the change in lifestyle and dietary structure, more and more people are being suffered from T2DM. Therefore, the prevention and treatment of T2DM and its complications has become an urgent problem to be solved. As a secreted peptide, adropin is identified as a useful regulator associated with insulin sensitivity and energy homeostasis. It has the potential for regulating metabolic diseases including obesity and T2DM. It should be noted that the secretion of adropin can be induced by diets, aerobic exercise and other interventions. In this article, the underlying mechanisms of adropin for regulating obesity, T2DM and its complications including diabetic nephropathy, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic encephalopathy, diabetic vascular disease and diabetic cardiovascular disease were summarized. Meanwhile, the strategies for promoting the secretion of adropin were also discussed, which will provide a target for the prevention and targeted treatment, or a candidate of novel and effective functional food or drug for metabolic diseases in the future. © 2022
Pregnancy and Metabolic-associated Fatty Liver Disease: A Clinical Update; The intricate relationship between metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and maternal complications has rapidly become a significant health threat in pregnant women. The presence of MAFLD in pregnancy increases the maternal risk of metabolic complications and comorbidities for both mother and baby. The preexistence or development of MAFLD in pregnancy is a complex multifactorial disorder that can lead to further complications for mother and baby. Therefore, as pregnant women are severely underrepresented in clinical research, there is a great need for a fair inclusion of this group in clinical trials. This review aims to explore the effects of MAFLD during pregnancy in the context of maternal complications and outcomes and explore the effects of pregnancy on the development and progression of MAFLD within the context of maternal obesity, altered metabolic profiles, gestational diabetes and altered hormonal profiles. We also addressed potential implications for the presence of MAFLD during pregnancy and its management in the clinical setting. © 2022 The Author(s).
Nontargeted and Targeted Metabolomic Profiling Reveals Novel Metabolite Biomarkers of Incident Diabetes in African Americans; Nontargeted metabolomics methods have increased potential to identify new disease biomarkers, but assessments of the additive information provided in large human cohorts by these less biased techniques are limited. To diversify our knowledge of diabetes-associated metabolites, we leveraged a method that measures 305 targeted or “known” and 2,342 nontargeted or “unknown” compounds in fasting plasma samples from 2,750 participants (315 incident cases) in the Jackson Heart Study (JHS)— a community cohort of self-identified African Americans— who are underrepresented in omics studies. We found 307 unique compounds (82 known) associated with diabetes after adjusting for age and sex at a false discovery rate of <0.05 and 124 compounds (35 known, including 11 not previously associated) after further adjustments for BMI and fasting plasma glucose. Of these, 144 and 68 associations, respectively, replicated in a multiethnic cohort. Among these is an apparently novel isomer of the 1-deoxyceramide Cer(m18:1/24:0) with functional geonomics and high-resolution mass spectrometry. Overall, known and unknown metabolites provided complementary information (median correlation q = 0.29), and their inclusion with clinical risk factors improved diabetes prediction modeling. Our findings highlight the importance of including nontargeted metabolomics methods to provide new insights into diabetes development in ethnically diverse cohorts. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
To do one and to get more: Part I. Diabetes and bone; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is a chronic metabolic disease, characterized by the presence of hyperglycemia and insulin resistance. The key treatment strategies for T2DM include modification of lifestyle, medications, and continuous glucose monitoring. DM patients often have DM-associated morbidities and comorbidities; however, disorders of musculoskeletal system are often neglected, compared to other major systems in DM patients. Based on sharing similar pathophysiology of DM and osteoporosis, it is supposed that the use of antidiabetic agents (ADAs) may not only provide the lowering glucose level effect and the maintenance of the sugar homeostasis to directly delay the tissue damage secondary to hyperglycemia but also offer the benefits, such as the prevention of developing osteoporosis and fractures. Based on the current review, evidence shows the positive correlation between DM and osteoporosis or fracture, but the effectiveness of using ADA in the prevention of osteoporosis and subsequent reduction of fracture seems to be inconclusive. Although the benefits of ADA on bone health are uncertain, the potential value of "To do one and to get more" therapeutic strategy should be always persuaded. At least, one of the key treatment strategies as an establishment of healthy lifestyle may work, because it improves the status of insulin resistance and subsequently helps DM control, prevents the DM-related micro- and macrovascular injury, and possibly strengthens the general performance of musculoskeletal system. With stronger musculoskeletal system support, the risk of "fall" may be decreased, because it is associated with fracture. Although the ADA available in the market does not satisfy the policy of "To do one and to get more" yet, we are looking forward to seeing the continuously advanced technology of drug development on diabetic control, and hope to see their extra-sugar-lowering effects. © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health. All rights reserved.
Does the Gut Microbial Metabolome Really Matter? The Connection between GUT Metabolome and Neurological Disorders; Herein we gathered updated knowledge regarding the alterations of gut microbiota (dysbiosis) and its correlation with human neurodegenerative and brain-related diseases, e.g., Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s. This review underlines the importance of gut-derived metabolites and gut metabolic status as the main players in gut-brain crosstalk and their implications on the severity of neural conditions. Scientific evidence indicates that the administration of probiotic bacteria exerts beneficial and protective effects as reduced systemic inflammation, neuroinflammation, and inhibited neurodegeneration. The experimental results performed on animals, but also human clinical trials, show the importance of designing a novel microbiota-based probiotic dietary supplementation with the aim to prevent or ease the symptoms of Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s diseases or other forms of dementia or neurodegeneration. © 2022 by the authors.
American Association of Clinical Endocrinology Clinical Practice Guideline: Developing a Diabetes Mellitus Comprehensive Care Plan—2022 Update; Objective: The objective of this clinical practice guideline is to provide updated and new evidence-based recommendations for the comprehensive care of persons with diabetes mellitus to clinicians, diabetes-care teams, other health care professionals and stakeholders, and individuals with diabetes and their caregivers. Methods: The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology selected a task force of medical experts and staff who updated and assessed clinical questions and recommendations from the prior 2015 version of this guideline and conducted literature searches for relevant scientific papers published from January 1, 2015, through May 15, 2022. Selected studies from results of literature searches composed the evidence base to update 2015 recommendations as well as to develop new recommendations based on review of clinical evidence, current practice, expertise, and consensus, according to established American Association of Clinical Endocrinology protocol for guideline development. Results: This guideline includes 170 updated and new evidence-based clinical practice recommendations for the comprehensive care of persons with diabetes. Recommendations are divided into four sections: (1) screening, diagnosis, glycemic targets, and glycemic monitoring; (2) comorbidities and complications, including obesity and management with lifestyle, nutrition, and bariatric surgery, hypertension, dyslipidemia, retinopathy, neuropathy, diabetic kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease; (3) management of prediabetes, type 2 diabetes with antihyperglycemic pharmacotherapy and glycemic targets, type 1 diabetes with insulin therapy, hypoglycemia, hospitalized persons, and women with diabetes in pregnancy; (4) education and new topics regarding diabetes and infertility, nutritional supplements, secondary diabetes, social determinants of health, and virtual care, as well as updated recommendations on cancer risk, nonpharmacologic components of pediatric care plans, depression, education and team approach, occupational risk, role of sleep medicine, and vaccinations in persons with diabetes. Conclusions: This updated clinical practice guideline provides evidence-based recommendations to assist with person-centered, team-based clinical decision-making to improve the care of persons with diabetes mellitus. © 2022 AACE
After Theranos: Using point-of-care testing to advance measures of health biomarkers in human biology research; Objectives: The rise and fall of the health technology startup Theranos is emblematic of the promise and peril of point-of-care testing (POCT). Instruments that deliver immediate results from minimally invasive samples at the location of collection can provide powerful tools to deliver health data in clinical and public health contexts. Yet, POCT availability is driven largely by market interests, which limits the development of inexpensive tests for diverse health conditions that can be used in resource-limited settings. These constraints, combined with complex regulatory hurdles and substantial ethical challenges, have contributed to the underutilization of POCT in human biology research. Methods: We evaluate current POCT capabilities and limitations, discuss promising applications for POCT devices in resource-limited settings, and discuss the future of POCT. Results: As evidenced by publication trends, POCT platforms have rapidly advanced in recent years, gaining traction among clinicians and health researchers. We highlight POCT devices of potential interest to population-based researchers and present specific examples of POCT applications in human biology research. Conclusions: Several barriers can limit POCT applications, including cost, lack of regulatory approval for non-clinical use, requirements for expensive equipment, and the dearth of validation in remote field conditions. Despite these issues, we see immense potential for emerging POCT technology capable of analyzing new sample types and used in conjunction with increasingly common technology (e.g., smart phones). We argue that the fallout from Theranos may ultimately provide an opportunity to advance POCT, leading to more ethical data collection and novel opportunities in human biology research. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
High Folate, Perturbed One-Carbon Metabolism and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Folate is a dietary micronutrient essential to one-carbon metabolism. The World Health Organisation recommends folic acid (FA) supplementation pre-conception and in early pregnancy to reduce the risk of fetal neural tube defects (NTDs). Subsequently, many countries (~92) have mandatory FA fortification policies, as well as recommendations for periconceptional FA supplementation. Mandatory fortification initiatives have been largely successful in reducing the incidence of NTDs. However, humans have limited capacity to incorporate FA into the one-carbon metabolic pathway, resulting in the increasingly ubiquitous presence of circulating unmetabolised folic acid (uFA). Excess FA intake has emerged as a risk factor in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Several other one-carbon metabolism components (vitamin B12, homocysteine and choline-derived betaine) are also closely entwined with GDM risk, suggesting a role for one-carbon metabolism in GDM pathogenesis. There is growing evidence from in vitro and animal studies suggesting a role for excess FA in dysregulation of one-carbon metabolism. Specifically, high levels of FA reduce methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) activity, dysregulate the balance of thymidylate synthase (TS) and methionine synthase (MTR) activity, and elevate homocysteine. High homocysteine is associated with increased oxidative stress and trophoblast apoptosis and reduced human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) secretion and pancreatic β-cell function. While the relationship between high FA, perturbed one-carbon metabolism and GDM pathogenesis is not yet fully understood, here we summarise the current state of knowledge. Given rising rates of GDM, now estimated to be 14% globally, and widespread FA food fortification, further research is urgently needed to elucidate the mechanisms which underpin GDM pathogenesis. © 2022 by the authors.
Tauroursodeoxycholic acid functions as a critical effector mediating insulin sensitization of metformin in obese mice; Metformin is widely used to surmount insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes. Accumulating evidence suggests that metformin may improve IR through regulating gut microbiota and bile acids. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Our metabolomic analysis showed that metformin significantly increased the accumulation of tauroursodeoxycholic acid (TUDCA) in intestine and liver from high-fat diet (HFD)-induced IR mice. TUDCA also alleviated IR, and reduced oxidative stress and intestinal inflammation in ob/ob mice. TUDCA blocked KEAP1 to bind with Nrf2, resulting in Nrf2 translocation into nuclear and initiating the transcription of antioxidant genes, which eventually reduced intracellular ROS accumulation and improved insulin signaling. Analysis of gut microbiota further revealed that metformin reduced the relative abundance of Bifidobacterium, which produces bile salt hydrolase (BSH). The reduction in BSH was probably crucial for the accumulation of TUDCA. Metformin also increased the proportion of Akkermanisia muciniphlia in gut microbiota of ob/ob mice via TUDCA. These beneficial effects of metformin in remodeling gut microbiota, reducing oxidative stress and improving insulin sensitivity were partly due to the accumulation of TUDCA, suggesting that TUDCA may be a potential therapy for metabolic syndrome. © 2022 The Authors
Differential effects of Akkermansia-enriched fecal microbiota transplant on energy balance in female mice on high-fat diet; Estrogens protect against weight gain and metabolic disruption in women and female rodents. Aberrations in the gut microbiota composition are linked to obesity and metabolic disorders. Furthermore, estrogen-mediated protection against diet-induced metabolic disruption is associated with modifications in gut microbiota. In this study, we tested if estradiol (E2)-mediated protection against obesity and metabolic disorders in female mice is dependent on gut microbiota. Specifically, we tested if fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) from E2-treated lean female mice, supplemented with or without Akkermansia muciniphila, prevented high fat diet (HFD)-induced body weight gain, fat mass gain, and hyperglycemia in female recipients. FMT from, and cohousing with, E2-treated lean donors was not sufficient to transfer the metabolic benefits to the E2-deficient female recipients. Moreover, FMT from lean donors supplemented with A. muciniphila exacerbated HFD-induced hyperglycemia in E2-deficient recipients, suggesting its detrimental effect on the metabolic health of E2-deficient female rodents fed a HFD. Given that A. muciniphila attenuates HFD-induced metabolic insults in males, the present findings suggest a sex difference in the impact of this microbe on metabolic health. Copyright © 2022 Acharya, Friedline, Ward, Graham, Tauer, Zheng, Hu, de Vos, McCormick, Kim and Tetel.
Resveratrol Supplementation in Obese Pregnant Rats Improves Maternal Metabolism and Prevents Increased Placental Oxidative Stress; Maternal obesity (MO) causes maternal and fetal oxidative stress (OS) and metabolic dysfunction. We investigated whether supplementing obese mothers with resveratrol improves maternal metabolic alterations and reduces OS in the placenta and maternal and fetal liver. From weaning through pregnancy female Wistar rats ate chow (C) or a high-fat diet (MO). One month before mating until 19 days’ gestation (dG), half the rats received 20 mg resveratrol/kg/d orally (Cres and MOres). At 19dG, maternal body weight, retroperitoneal fat adipocyte size, metabolic parameters, and OS biomarkers in the placenta and liver were determined. MO mothers showed higher body weight, triglycerides and leptin serum concentrations, insulin resistance (IR), decreased small and increased large adipocytes, liver fat accumulation, and hepatic upregulation of genes related to IR and inflammatory processes. Placenta, maternal and fetal liver OS biomarkers were augmented in MO. MOres mothers showed more small and fewer large adipocytes, lower triglycerides serum concentrations, IR and liver fat accumulation, downregulation of genes related to IR and inflammatory processes, and lowered OS in mothers, placentas, and female fetal liver. Maternal resveratrol supplementation in obese rats improves maternal metabolism and reduces placental and liver OS of mothers and fetuses in a sex-dependent manner. © 2022 by the authors.
Effect of excessive gestational weight gain on insulin sensitivity and insulin kinetics in women with overweight/obesity; Objective: Obesity increases the risk for pregnancy complications and maternal hyperglycemia. The Institute of Medicine developed guidelines for gestational weight gain (GWG) targets for women with overweight/obesity, but it is unclear whether exceeding these targets has adverse effects on maternal glucose metabolism. Methods: Insulin sensitivity (assessed using the Matsuda Insulin Sensitivity Index), β-cell function (assessed as insulin secretion rate in relation to plasma glucose), and plasma insulin clearance rate were evaluated using a frequently sampled oral glucose tolerance test at 15 and 35 weeks of gestation in 184 socioeconomically disadvantaged African American women with overweight/obesity. Results: Insulin sensitivity decreased, whereas β-cell function and insulin clearance increased from 15 to 35 weeks of gestation in the entire group. Compared with women who achieved the recommended GWG, excessive GWG was associated with a greater decrease in insulin sensitivity between 15 and 35 weeks. β-cell function and plasma insulin clearance were not affected by excessive GWG. Conclusions: These data demonstrate that gaining more weight during pregnancy than recommended by the Institute of Medicine is associated with functional effects on glucose metabolism. © 2022 The Obesity Society.
Mechanistic insights into the effects of Astaxanthin on lipid profile and glucose homeostasis parameters: A systematic review of animal and clinical trial studies; Background and aims: The antioxidant Astaxanthin (ASTX) may have potential to improve cardiometabolic risk factors. This study aimed to systematically review the impact of ASTX supplementation on lipid profile and glycemic indices in animal and clinical trial studies. Method: Electronic databases, including PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Google Scholar were searched from inception up to June 2021. All clinical trials and animal studies published in English that investigated the effects of ASTX on lipid profile and glycemic parameters were considered in the study. Results: A total of 3258 studies were retrieved from the search strategy from which 20 animal and five human studies were included in this systematic review. Twenty animal studies evaluated the effect of ASTX on lipid profile, of which 17 studies reported significant beneficial impact on one or more lipids. In addition, of 20 animal studies assessing the effect of ASTX on glucose homeostasis parameters, only 11 detected significant improvements. Five clinical trials evaluated the effect of ASTX on lipid profile; from these, three reported significant beneficial effect on at least one lipid. Moreover, of five human studies in which glucose homeostasis parameters were measured, only two observed significant improvement. Conclusion: Evidence supports positive effects of ASTX on lipid profile. Nevertheless, the results on glycemic parameters are controversial and more studies are needed to draw a definite conclusion. ASTX could have great potential for reducing the risk of CVD and prevent T2DM and obesity-associated metabolic disturbances. © 2022
Ultrasound-Based Hepatic Elastography in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Focus on Patients with Type 2 Diabetes; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most prevalent liver disease and is the hepatic expression of metabolic syndrome. The development of non-invasive methods for the diagnosis of hepatic steatosis and advanced fibrosis in high-risk patients, especially those with type 2 diabetes mellitus, is highly needed to replace the invasive method of liver biopsy. Elastographic methods can bring significant added value to screening and diagnostic procedures for NAFLD in patients with diabetes, thus contributing to improved NAFLD management. Pharmacological development and forthcoming therapeutic measures that address NAFLD should also be based on new, non-invasive, and reliable tools that assess NAFLD in at-risk patients and be able to properly guide treatment in individuals with both diabetes and NAFLD. This is the first review aiming to outline and discuss recent studies on ultrasound-based hepatic elastography, focusing on NAFLD assessment in patients with diabetes. © 2022 by the authors.
ISPAD Clinical Practice Consensus Guidelines 2022: Type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents; Since the 2018 ISPAD guidelines on this topic, follow-up of large cohorts from around the globe have continued informing the current incidence and prevalence of co-morbidities and complications in young adults with youth-onset type 2 diabetes (T2D). This chapter focuses on the risk factors, diagnosis and presentation of youth-onset T2D, the initial and subsequent management of youth-onset T2D, and management of co-morbidities and complications. We include key updates from the observational phase of the multi-center Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) clinical trial, the SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth (SEARCH) study and new data from the Restoring Insulin Secretion (RISE) study, a head-to-head comparison of youth onset vs adult-onset T2D. We also include an expanded section on risk factors associated with T2D, algorithms and tables for treatment, management, and assessment of co-morbidities and complications, and sections on recently approved pharmacologic therapies for the treatment of youth-onset T2D, social determinants of health, and settings of care given COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Exosomal microRNAs: potential targets for the prevention and treatment of diabetic cardiomyopathy; Diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM), a condition in which myocardial dysfunction is caused by diabetes mellitus, has become an epidemic disorder in the world. DCM initially presents as diastolic relaxation dysfunction and will progress to heart failure in the absence of coronary artery disease, valvular disease, and other conventional cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidemia. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms of DCM are poorly understood. Recent studies reveal that exosomal miRNAs are associated with multiple DCM risk factors and may act as potential therapeutic targets. Therefore, this review summarizes the recent advancements to understand the role of exosomal miRNAs in DCM development and explores potential preventative and therapeutic strategies. © 2021
Comparative study on the microbiota of colostrum and nipple skin from lactating mothers separated from their newborn at birth in China; Increasing studies have found breast milk (BM) contains its own microbiota. However, the route through which microbes enter the BM is still unclear. In order to verify the entero-mammary pathway of BM, we designed a rigorous study that prevented oral bacteria from contaminating the breast and nipple skin (NS) during baby nursing. Thirty-one healthy, postpartum mothers living in southern China who were immediately separated from their newborn after delivery were enrolled in this study. Using an aseptic protocol for sampling, sterile water was used to wash the NS and was then collected. Then the first drop of BM was discarded and colostrum was collected manually. Amplicon sequencing was performed targeting the V3–V4 region of the bacterial 16S rRNA gene, and the differences between the microbiota of the colostrum and NS were analyzed. Additionally, the effects of environmental factors, such as the delivery mode and intrapartum antibiotic exposure, on the diversity of the colostrum microbiota were also analyzed. We found significant differences in the α diversity and richness between the BM and NS as evidenced by richness, Chao1, and Simpson indices. There were 170 operational taxonomic units (OTUs) shared by colostrum and NS, while 111 and 87 OTUs were unique, respectively, as well as a clear distinction in OTUs was observed by unifrac binary analysis between them. Linear discriminant analysis effect size analysis found that anaerobes, such as Bifidobacterium and Pantoea at the genus level and enterobacteria including Enterobacteriaceae at the family level, were predominant in the colostrum, while the predominant bacteria on the NS were Bacteroides, Staphylococcus, and Parabacteroides at the genus level. BM is colonized by bacteria prior to baby suckling, and the diversity of the colostrum microbiota differs from that of the NS. The predominant microbiota taxa in BM indicated that they were likely to be transferred to the breast through the intestinal tract. Our study provides direct evidence for the revolutionary active migration hypothesis. Additionally, factors like intrapartum antibiotic exposure did not significantly affect the diversity of the microbiota in the BM. Therefore, it is suggested that mothers continue to provide BM for their newborns during separation. Copyright © 2022 Du, Qiu, Cheng, Huang, Xie, Wang, Wang, Han and Jin.
Gut microbiota and obesity: New insights; Obesity is a pathology whose incidence is increasing throughout the world. There are many pathologies associated with obesity. In recent years, the influence of the microbiota on both health and pathological states has been known. There is growing information related to changes in the microbiome and obesity, as well as its associated pathologies. Changes associated with age, exercise, and weight changes have been described. In addition, metabolic changes associated with the microbiota, bariatric surgery, and fecal matter transplantation are described. In this review, we summarize the biology and physiology of microbiota in obese patients, its role in the pathophysiology of several disorders associated, and the emerging therapeutic applications of prebiotics, probiotics, and fecal microbiota transplantation. Copyright © 2022 Sarmiento-Andrade, Suárez, Quintero, Garrochamba and Chapela.
Transcriptomic responses are sex-dependent in the skeletal muscle and liver in offspring of obese mice; Infants born to obese mothers are more likely to develop metabolic disease, including glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis, in adult life. We examined the effects of maternal obesity on the transcriptome of skeletal muscle and liver tissues of the nearterm fetus and 3-mo-old offspring in mice born to dams fed a high-fat and -sugar diet. Previously, we have shown that male, but not female, offspring develop glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and liver steatosis at 3 mo old. Female C57BL6/J mice were fed normal chow or an obesogenic high-calorie diet before mating and throughout pregnancy. RNAseq was performed on the liver and gastrocnemius muscle following collection from fetuses on embryonic day 18.5 (E18.5) as well as from 3-mo-old offspring from obese dams and control dams. Significant genes were generated for each sex, queried for enrichment, and modeled to canonical pathways. RNAseq was corroborated by protein quantification in offspring. The transcriptomic response to maternal obesity in the liver was more marked in males than females. However, in both male and female offspring of obese dams, we found significant enrichment for fatty acid metabolism, mitochondrial transport, and oxidative stress in the liver transcriptomes as well as decreased protein concentrations of electron transport chain members. In skeletal muscle, pathway analysis of gene expression revealed sexual dimorphic patterns, including metabolic processes of fatty acids and glucose, as well as PPAR, AMPK, and PI3K-Akt signaling pathways. Transcriptomic responses to maternal obesity in skeletal muscle were more marked in female offspring than males. Female offspring had greater expression of genes associated with glucose uptake, and protein abundance reflected greater activation of mTOR signaling. Skeletal muscle and livers in mice born to obese dams had sexually dimorphic transcriptomic responses that changed from the fetus to the adult offspring. These data provide insights into mechanisms underpinning metabolic programming in maternal obesity.  © 2022 the American Physiological Society.
Irisin at the crossroads of inter-organ communications: Challenge and implications; The physiological functions of organs are intercommunicated occurring through secreted molecules. That exercise can improve the physiological function of organs or tissues is believed by secreting myokines from muscle to target remote organs. However, the underlying mechanism how exercise regulates the inter-organ communications remains incompletely understood yet. A recently identified myokine–irisin, primarily found in muscle and adipose and subsequently extending to bone, heart, liver and brain, provides a new molecular evidence for the inter-organ communications. It is secreted under the regulation of exercise and mediates the intercommunications between exercise and organs. To best our understanding of the regulatory mechanism, this review discusses the recent evidence involving the potential molecular pathways of the inter-organ communications, and the interactions between signalings and irisin in regulating the impact of exercise on organ functions are also discussed. Copyright © 2022 Zhao.
Glutamine Is a Superior Protector Against Lead-Induced Hepatotoxicity in Rats via Antioxidant, Anti-inflammatory, and Chelating Properties; Lead acetate-motivated oxidative stress can affect all organ systems, particularly the liver. Glutamine (Gln) has both antioxidant and chelating properties. Therefore, we investigated for the first time the effect of Gln on the biochemical and histopathological alternations in a rat model of lead toxicity. Thirty-two rats were divided into four groups (eight rats in each): untreated normal, lead poisoning, and two similar groups receiving Gln (0.1% in drinking water for 4 weeks). To induce lead poisoning, rats received 50 mg/L lead acetate in drinking water for 4 weeks. Oxidative stress indices (total glutathione, the ratio of reduced glutathione to oxidized glutathione, advanced protein oxidation products, malondialdehyde, and ferric ion reducing power) and inflammatory markers (hepatic nuclear factor-kβ expression, interleukin 1β level, and myeloperoxidase activity) were measured. Furthermore, biochemical markers of hepatotoxicity (alanine transaminase, aspartate transaminase, alkaline phosphatase, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, total bilirubin, total protein, albumin, and globulins) were measured. Histopathological examination evaluated lead-induced liver damage. The treatment compensated lead-induced biochemical and histopathological alternations in rat liver. Furthermore, it decreased lead acetate level, the NF-kβ gene expression, oxidative stress, and inflammatory markers. Moreover, the treatment elevated total glutathione and reduced glutathione in the sera and liver homogenates of treated groups (p < 0.001). Glutamine could protect the liver against lead intoxication via antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and chelating properties. In addition, its downregulating effect on the hepatic NF-kβ signaling pathway confirms its hepatoprotective activity. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Vegetarianism, microbiota, and cardiovascular health: looking back, and forward; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the leading cause of death globally, with over 17.9 million attributed deaths in 2019. Unhealthy diet is an often-overlooked major modifiable risk factor for CVD. Global Burden of Disease (GBD) estimates suggest that unhealthy diets account for nearly 26% of all deaths, of which 84% were attributed to CVD. Plant-based diets (PBDs), which are a diverse group of dietary patterns focused on plant produce, with flexibility for varying levels of vegetarianism, have been suggested to decrease the incidence of various cardiovascular and cardiometabolic diseases. In this review, we aim to delve into the spectrum of PBDs, revisit objective definitions and classifications, and compare them with standard non-vegetarian diets. We examine plausible mechanisms underlying the cardiovascular benefits of PBDs with a particular focus on the dietary manipulation of gut microbiota–host interaction and its effect on energy metabolism, and local and systemic inflammation. In addition, we explore the evidence on the impact of PBDs on CVD, examine the challenges and limitations associated with dietary intervention studies, and devise strategies to draw valid conclusions. Dietary interventions, such as PBDs are one of the most powerful, attainable, cost-effective tools for health and environmental protection at the population level. We conclude with a clear appreciation for PBDs in environmental sustainability, climate change, and animal welfare. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.
Visceral Adipose Tissue Molecular Networks and Regulatory microRNA in Pediatric Obesity: An In Silico Approach; Childhood obesity carries an increased risk of metabolic complications, sleep disturbances, and cancer. Visceral adiposity is independently associated with inflammation and insulin resistance in obese children. However, the underlying pathogenic mechanisms are still unclear. We aimed to detect the gene expression pattern and its regulatory network in the visceral adipose tissue of obese pediatric individuals. Using differentially-expressed genes (DEGs) identified from two publicly available datasets, GSE9624 and GSE88837, we performed functional enrichment, protein–protein interaction, and network analyses to identify pathways, targeting transcription factors (TFs), microRNA (miRNA), and regulatory networks. There were 184 overlapping DEGs with six significant clusters and 19 candidate hub genes. Furthermore, 24 TFs targeted these hub genes. The genes were regulated by miR-16-5p, miR-124-3p, miR-103a-3p, and miR-107, the top miRNA, according to a maximum number of miRNA–mRNA interaction pairs. The miRNA were significantly enriched in several pathways, including lipid metabolism, immune response, vascular inflammation, and brain development, and were associated with prediabetes, diabetic nephropathy, depression, solid tumors, and multiple sclerosis. The genes and miRNA detected in this study involve pathways and diseases related to obesity and obesity-associated complications. The results emphasize the importance of the TGF-β signaling pathway and its regulatory molecules, the immune system, and the adipocytic apoptotic pathway in pediatric obesity. The networks associated with this condition and the molecular mechanisms through which the potential regulators contribute to pathogenesis are open to investigation. © 2022 by the authors.
Assessment Strategies to Evaluate the Mediterranean Lifestyle: A Systematic Review; The Mediterranean Lifestyle (MLS) has been related to better health and quality of life. However, there is no consensus on how to assess this lifestyle. The main objective of this work was to systematically review the methodology used in different studies on the evaluation of the MLS. The specific objectives were (1) to analyze the MLS components evaluated in previous studies, (2) to explore the assessment instruments available for the analysis of the MLS, and (3) to identify the psychometric properties of these instruments. The search was carried out using the PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and ScienceDirect databases with the purpose of identifying those published articles in which the MLS was assessed. The review included 26 studies linked to the assessment of the MLS. Of these studies, only four exclusively used a tool to analyze MLS components globally. These studies included two questionnaires and three different indexes. None of them, however, evaluated all of the recognized MLS components, and food preparation was the least frequently evaluated component. Given the clear importance of analyzing MLS adherence and the lack of consensus in previous research, an evaluation tool needs to be created to comprehensively assess all of the MLS dimensions by means of appropriate psychometric properties. © 2022 by the authors.
Traditional uses, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicology of garlic (Allium sativum), a storehouse of diverse phytochemicals: A review of research from the last decade focusing on health and nutritional implications; Allium sativum L. (Garlic) is a fragrant herb and tuber-derived spice that is one of the most sought-after botanicals, used as a culinary and ethnomedicine for a variety of diseases around the world. An array of pharmacological attributes such as antioxidant, hypoglycemic, anti-inflammatory, antihyperlipidemic, anticancer, antimicrobial, and hepatoprotective activities of this species have been established by previous studies. A. sativum houses many sulfur-containing phytochemical compounds such as allicin, diallyl disulfide (DADS), vinyldithiins, ajoenes (E-ajoene, Z-ajoene), diallyl trisulfide (DATS), micronutrient selenium (Se) etc. Organosulfur compounds are correlated with modulations in its antioxidant properties. The garlic compounds have also been recorded as promising immune-boosters or act as potent immunostimulants. A. sativum helps to treat cardiovascular ailments, neoplastic growth, rheumatism, diabetes, intestinal worms, flatulence, colic, dysentery, liver diseases, facial paralysis, tuberculosis, bronchitis, high blood pressure, and several other diseases. The present review aims to comprehensively enumerate the ethnobotanical and pharmacological aspects of A. sativum with notes on its phytochemistry, ethnopharmacology, toxicological aspects, and clinical studies from the retrieved literature from the last decade with notes on recent breakthroughs and bottlenecks. Future directions related to garlic research is also discussed. Copyright © 2022 Tudu, Dutta, Ghorai, Biswas, Samanta, Oleksak, Jha, Kumar, Radha, Proćków, Pérez de la Lastra and Dey.
High-performance tracking of bacterial extracellular vesicles in living systems using an aggregation-induced emission luminogen; The nano-sized, membrane-enclosed bacterial extracellular vesicles (BEVs) released by bacteria are now regarded as important mediators involved in various physiological and pathological processes of human. To elucidate their roles in bacteria-to-host communication, methods for visualizing and tracking of these nano-vesicles are crucial, but ideal means are lacking currently. In this work, we report the development of a bioprobe, DPASP, for BEV bioimaging with superior performance. DPASP can target BEVs with boosted fluorescence due to its aggregation-induced emission (AIE) attribute, which allows BEV labeling with a high signal-to-background ratio. For BEV imaging, DPASP outperforms the commercial dyes in terms of labeling efficiency, retention time, photostability, and biocompatibility. The applications of DPASP in studying the spatial and temporal distributions of E. coli-derived BEVs within living cells and mice were also demonstrated. The approach developed here provides a valuable tool to better understand the roles of BEVs in health and diseases. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Role of visfatin in obesity-induced insulin resistance; The growing worldwide burden of insulin resistance (IR) emphasizes the importance of early identification for improved management. Obesity, particularly visceral obesity, has been a key contributing factor in the development of IR. The obesity-associated chronic inflammatory state contributes to the development of obesity-related comorbidities, including IR. Adipocytokines, which are released by adipose tissue, have been investigated as possible indicators of IR. Visfatin was one of the adipocytokines that attracted attention due to its insulinmimetic activity. It is released from a variety of sources, including visceral fat and macrophages, and it influences glucose metabolism and increases inflammation. The relationship between visfatin and IR in obesity is debatable. As a result, the purpose of this review was to better understand the role of visfatin in glucose homeostasis and to review the literature on the association between visfatin levels and IR, cardiovascular diseases, and renal diseases in obesity. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
The Beneficial Effect of Cinnamon and Red Capsicum Intake on Postprandial Changes in Plasma Metabolites Evoked by a High-Carbohydrate Meal in Men with Overweight/Obesity; The relationship of high-carbohydrate (HC) meal intake to metabolic syndrome is still not fully explained. Metabolomics has the potential to indicate metabolic pathways altered by HC meals, which may improve our knowledge regarding the mechanisms by which HC meals may contribute to metabolic syndrome development. The fasting and postprandial metabolic response to HC or normo-carbohydrate (NC) meals with/without cinnamon + capsicum intake was evaluated using untargeted metabolomics and compared between normal-weight (NW) and overweight/obese (OW/OB) healthy men. Healthy male participants (age-matched) were divided into two groups (12 subjects per group). One was composed of men with normal weight (NW) and the other of men with overweight/obesity (OW/OB). On separate visits (with 2–3 week intervals), the participants received standardized HC or NC meals (89% or 45% carbohydrates, respectively). Fasting (0 min) and postprandial (30, 60, 120, 180 min) blood were collected for untargeted plasma metabolomics. Based on each metabolic feature’s intensity change in time, the area under the curve (AUC) was calculated. Obtained AUCs were analyzed using multivariate statistics. Several metabolic pathways were found dysregulated after an HC meal in people from the OW/OB group but not the NW group. The consumption of HC meals by people with overweight/obesity led to a substantial increase in AUC, mainly for metabolites belonging to phospholipids and fatty acid amides. The opposite was observed for selected sphingolipids. The intake of cinnamon and capsicum normalized the concentration of selected altered metabolites induced by the intake of HC meals. A HC meal may induce an unfavourable postprandial metabolic response in individuals with overweight/obesity, and such persons should avoid HC meals. © 2022 by the authors.
Maternal obesity in pregnancy and children's cardiac function and structure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of evidence from human studies; The prevalence of obesity is increasing worldwide. Experimental animal studies demonstrate that maternal obesity during pregnancy directly affects cardiac structure and function in their offspring, which could contribute to their increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Currently, a systematic overview of the available evidence regarding maternal obesity and alterations in cardiac structure and function in human offspring is lacking. We systematically searched the electronic databases Embase, MEDLINE and NARCIS from inception to June 29, 2022 including human studies comparing cardiac structure and function from fetal life onwards in offspring of women with and without obesity. The review protocol was registered with PROSPERO International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (identifier: CRD42019125071). Risk of bias was assessed using a modified Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Results were expressed using standardized mean differences (SMD). The search yielded 1589 unique publications, of which thirteen articles were included. Compared to offspring of women without obesity, fetuses of women with obesity had lower left ventricular strain, indicative of reduced systolic function, that persisted in infancy (SMD -2.4, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.4 standard deviation (SD) to -0.4 SD during fetal life and SMD -1.0, 95% CI -1.6 SD to -0.3 SD in infancy). Furthermore, infants born to women with obesity had a thicker interventricular septum (SMD 0.6 SD, 95% CI 0.0 to 1.2 SD) than children born to women without obesity. In conclusion, cardiac structure and function differs between fetuses and children of women with and without obesity. Some of these differences were present in fetal life, persisted in childhood and are consistent with increased CVD risk. Long-term follow-up research is warranted, as studies in offspring of older age are lacking.  © 2022 den Harink et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Gender difference in hepatic AMPK pathway activated lipid metabolism induced by aged polystyrene microplastics exposure; Microplastics (MPs) pollution becomes an increasing concern and researchers keep exploring the health effects caused by MPs exposure. The ageing process in the environment significantly alters the physicochemical characteristics of MPs and subsequently affects their toxicities. The health effects of aged MPs exposure and the mechanism underlying are worthy of exploration. Polystyrene microplastics (PS-MPs) (with size less than 50 µm) were obtained by grinding and screening polystyrene materials. PS-MPs continued to be aged by ozone treatment (0.4 mg/min, 9 h). Both male and female C57BL/6 mice were orally exposed to 0 or 2 mg/kg/d aged PS-MPs for 28 days. Results showed that PS-MPs were found in liver, ovary and spleen of females and liver, testis and spleen of males in the aged PS-MPs group. Exposure to aged PS-MPs significantly decreased abdominal fat/body coefficient, the adipocyte size and the serum LDL-C level in females. Compared to the control, serum estradiol (E2) level, the mRNA expression levels of genes regulating E2 production (17β-hsd, 3β-hsd and Star) in ovary and the protein expression levels of E2 receptors (ERα, ERβ), AMPKα and p-AMPKα1 in liver increased significantly, and the mRNA expression levels of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) downstream genes (Srebp-1c, Fas and Scd1) in liver decreased significantly in the female aged PS-MPs group. Liver metabolomic profiling showed that differential metabolites between female aged PS-MPs group and female control group were enriched in biotin metabolism and the level of biotin increased significantly in the female aged PS-MPs group. However, no significant changes were detected in males. These results indicated that aged PS-MPs exposure increased ovarian E2 production and activated the AMPK pathway in the liver which might inhibit liver lipid synthesis only in females. Our findings provide new insights into the potential sex-specific health effects of environmental MPs pollution. © 2022 The Authors
Plasma Exosomal miRNAs Associated With Metabolism as Early Predictor of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; To date, the miRNA expression profile of plasma exo-somes in women whose pregnancy is complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not been fully clarified. In this study, differentially expressed miRNAs in plasma exosomes were identified by high-throughput small-RNA sequencing in 12 pregnant women with GDM and 12 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and vali-dated in 102 pregnant women with GDM and 101 with NGT. A total of 22 exosomal miRNAs were found, five of which were verified by real-time qPCR. Exosomal miR-423–5p was upregulated, whereas miR-122–5p, miR-148a-3p, miR-192–5p, and miR-99a-5p were down-regulated in women whose pregnancy was complicated by GDM. IGF1R and GYS1 as target genes of miR-423–5p, and G6PC3 and FDFT1 as target genes of miR-122–5p were associated with insulin and AMPK signaling pathways and may participate in the regulation of metabolism in GDM. The five exosomal miRNAs had an area under the curve of 0.82 (95%CI, 0.73, ~0.91) in early prediction of GDM. Our study demonstrates that dysregulated exoso-mal miRNAs in plasma from pregnant women with GDM might influence the insulin and AMPK signaling pathways and could contribute to the early prediction of GDM. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
NAFLD: genetics and its clinical implications; Worldwide non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is recognized as the most common type of liver disease and its burden increasing at an alarming rate. NAFLD entails steatosis, fibrosis, cirrhosis, and, finally, hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). The substantial inter-patient variation during disease progression is the hallmark of individuals with NAFLD. The variability of NAFLD development and related complications among individuals is determined by genetic and environmental factors. Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have discovered reproducible and robust associations between gene variants such as PNPLA3, TM6SF2, HSD17B13, MBOAT7, GCKR and NAFLD. Evidences have provided the new insights into the NAFLD biology and underlined potential pharmaceutical targets. Ideally, the candidate genes associated with the hereditability of NAFLD are mainly involved in assembly of lipid droplets, lipid remodeling, lipoprotein packing and secretion, redox status mitochondria, and de novo lipogenesis. In recent years, the ability to translate genetics into a clinical context has emerged substantially by combining genetic variants primarily associated with NAFLD into polygenic risk scores (PRS). These score in combination with metabolic factors could be utilized to identify the severe liver diseases in patients with the gene regulatory networks (GRNs). Hereby, we even have highlighted the current understanding related to the schedule therapeutic approach of an individual based on microbial colonization and dysbiosis reversal as a therapy for NAFLD. The premise of this review is to concentrate on the potential of genetic factors and their translation into the design of novel therapeutics, as well as their implications for future research into personalized medications using microbiota. © 2022 Elsevier Masson SAS
Endometriosis: Part I. Basic concept; Endometriosis, manifested by pain and infertility, is a chronic inflammatory disease, associated with a large disability of daily living, causing a socio-economic diastrophic problem and burden. The main goal of therapy attempts to reduce pain, correct infertility and possibly avoid or delay occurrence of long-term endometriosis-associated sequelae, such as fibrosis, adhesion and malignant transformation. Although the advanced technology (minimally invasive diagnostic tools, magnetic resonance imaging, high-resolution vaginal ultrasound etc.) and the better understanding pathophysiology of endometriosis for development of new therapeutic strategy is continuous for both diagnosis and management of endometriosis, there is still presence of many debated issues, which commonly occur in routine clinical practice. For example, the timing and duration of medications may be one of most frequently discussed issues. In this part I, we would like to overview the general background knowledge (basic concept) about the endometriosis, and emphasize the role of clinical diagnosis and possible empirical medical treatment (therapeutic test) for the management of women with endometriosis. © 2022
Endometrial cancer: Part I. Basic concept; Endometrial cancer (EC) has become one of rapidly increasing women's cancers, contributing to the most common cancer of the female genital tract in high- and middle-incomed countries, including Taiwan. In general, EC is believed its favorable outcome; however, high-grade endometrial cancers have a tendency to recur and also have a high risk to be presented as an advanced stage or accompanied with metastatic lesions, which result in a biggest therapeutic challenge. The standard therapy includes complete staging surgery (sentinel node sampling)/optimal debulking surgery, and subsequent adjuvant therapy, by either radiotherapy locally or systemic therapy as chemotherapy or targeted therapy, or in combination or in subsequential strategy is made based on the risk stratification using clinicopathological prognostic factors. All efforts are made to minimize the risk of recurrence and possible therapeutic failure. In this part I, we would like to overview the general background knowledge (basic concept) about the cancer of uterine corpus, and discuss the recent transformation to patients-tailored therapy based on modern molecular technology as the optimal strategy to balance the therapeutic efficacy and treatment-related toxicity. Optimally, it is possible to reach the best benefits. © 2022
Preliminary Evidence of the Potent and Selective Adenosine A2B Receptor Antagonist PSB-603 in Reducing Obesity and Some of Its Associated Metabolic Disorders in Mice; The adenosine A2A and A2B receptors are promising therapeutic targets in the treatment of obesity and diabetes since the agonists and antagonists of these receptors have the potential to positively affect metabolic disorders. The present study investigated the link between body weight reduction, glucose homeostasis, and anti-inflammatory activity induced by a highly potent and specific adenosine A2B receptor antagonist, compound PSB-603. Mice were fed a high-fat diet for 14 weeks, and after 12 weeks, they were treated for 14 days intraperitoneally with the test compound. The A1/A2A/A2B receptor antagonist theophylline was used as a reference. Following two weeks of treatment, different biochemical parameters were determined, including total cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, TNF-α, and IL-6 blood levels, as well as glucose and insulin tolerance. To avoid false positive results, mouse locomotor and spontaneous activities were assessed. Both theophylline and PSB-603 significantly reduced body weight in obese mice. Both compounds had no effects on glucose levels in the obese state; however, PSB-603, contrary to theophylline, significantly reduced triglycerides and total cholesterol blood levels. Thus, our observations showed that selective A2B adenosine receptor blockade has a more favourable effect on the lipid profile than nonselective inhibition. © 2022 by the authors.
Ambient air pollution during pregnancy and DNA methylation in umbilical cord blood, with potential mediation of associations with infant adiposity: The Healthy Start study; Background: Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution has been associated with adverse offspring health outcomes. Childhood health effects of prenatal exposures may be mediated through changes to DNA methylation detectable at birth. Methods: Among 429 non-smoking women in a cohort study of mother-infant pairs in Colorado, USA, we estimated associations between prenatal exposure to ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and ozone (O3), and epigenome-wide DNA methylation of umbilical cord blood cells at delivery (2010–2014). We calculated average PM2.5 and O3 in each trimester of pregnancy and the full pregnancy using inverse-distance-weighted interpolation. We fit linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders and cell proportions to estimate associations between air pollutants and methylation at each of 432,943 CpGs. Differentially methylated regions (DMRs) were identified using comb-p. Previously in this cohort, we reported positive associations between 3rd trimester O3 exposure and infant adiposity at 5 months of age. Here, we quantified the potential for mediation of that association by changes in DNA methylation in cord blood. Results: We identified several DMRs for each pollutant and period of pregnancy. The greatest number of significant DMRs were associated with third trimester PM2.5 (21 DMRs). No single CpGs were associated with air pollutants at a false discovery rate <0.05. We found that up to 8% of the effect of 3rd trimester O3 on 5-month adiposity may be mediated by locus-specific methylation changes, but mediation estimates were not statistically significant. Conclusions: Differentially methylated regions in cord blood were identified in association with maternal exposure to PM2.5 and O3. Genes annotated to the significant sites played roles in cardiometabolic disease, immune function and inflammation, and neurologic disorders. We found limited evidence of mediation by DNA methylation of associations between third trimester O3 exposure and 5-month infant adiposity. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Myo-Inositol Moderates Glucose-Induced Effects on Human Placental 13C-Arachidonic Acid Metabolism; Maternal hyperglycemia is associated with disrupted transplacental arachidonic acid (AA) supply and eicosanoid synthesis, which contribute to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Since placental inositol is lowered with increasing glycemia, and since myo-inositol appears a promising intervention for gestational diabetes, we hypothesized that myo-inositol might rectify glucose-induced perturbations in placental AA metabolism. Term placental explants (n = 19) from women who underwent a mid-gestation oral glucose-tolerance-test were cultured with 13C-AA for 48 h in media containing glucose (5, 10 or 17 mM) and myo-inositol (0.3 or 60 µM). Newly synthesized 13C-AA-lipids were quantified by liquid-chromatography-mass-spectrometry. Increasing maternal fasting glycemia was associated with decreased proportions of 13C-AA-phosphatidyl-ethanolamines (PE, PE-P), but increased proportions of 13C-AA-triacylglycerides (TGs) relative to total placental 13C-AA lipids. This suggests altered placental AA compartmentalization towards storage and away from pools utilized for eicosanoid production and fetal AA supply. Compared to controls (5 mM glucose), 10 mM glucose treatment decreased the amount of four 13C-AA-phospholipids and eleven 13C-AA-TGs, whilst 17 mM glucose increased 13C-AA-PC-40:8 and 13C-AA-LPC. Glucose-induced alterations in all 13C-AA lipids (except PE-P-38:4) were attenuated by concurrent 60 µM myo-inositol treatment. Myo-inositol therefore rectifies some glucose-induced effects, but further studies are required to determine if maternal myo-inositol supplementation could reduce AA-associated pregnancy complications. © 2022 by the authors.
Serum fibrinogen-like protein 1 as a novel biomarker in polycystic ovary syndrome: a case–control study; Purpose: To investigate the relationship between fibrinogen-like protein 1 (FGL-1) concentrations and various metabolic characteristics in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and explore whether FGL-1 could be a predictive biomarker for PCOS. Methods: This case–control study included 136 patients with PCOS and 34 normal controls recruited in the Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Shanghai Tenth People’s Hospital between May 2017 and June 2021. Anthropometric characteristics, metabolic parameters, and reproductive hormones were collected. Serum FGL-1 measurement was conducted using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kits. Results: Serum FGL-1 concentrations were higher in patients with PCOS than in control subjects in body mass index (BMI) subgroups, insulin resistance (IR) subgroups, and hepatic function subgroups, respectively. Serum FGL-1 concentrations were significantly associated with BMI, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), and serum uric acid (SUA) in all individuals. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis revealed that the best cutoff value for FGL-1 levels to predict PCOS was 21.02 ng/ml with a sensitivity of 74.3% and a specificity of 70.6%. Both univariate and multiple logistic regressions indicated that the odds ratio (OR) for PCOS significantly increased in the subjects with high levels of FGL-1. Conclusion: In our study, FGL-1 was associated with serum aminotransferase and various metabolic indexes. Moreover, the high risk of PCOS was independently associated with the increased FGL-1 levels, which suggested that FGL-1 could be a predictive biomarker for PCOS. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Exploration of hub genes involved in PCOS using biological informatics methods; Background: The aim of this study was to find underlying genes and their interaction mechanism crucial to the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) by analyzing differentially expressed genes (DEGs) between PCOS and non-PCOS subjects. Methods: Gene expression data of PCOS and non-PCOS subjects were collected from gene expression omnibus (GEO) database. GEO2R were used to calculating P value and logFC. The screening threshold of DEGs was P <.05 and | FC | ≥ 1.2. GO annotation and Kyoto encyclopedia of genes and genomes (KEGG) signaling pathway enrichment analysis was performed by using DAVID (2021 Update). The protein-protein interaction (PPI) network of DEGs was constructed by using the STRING database, and the hub genes were recognized through Hubba plugin of Cytoscape software. Results: PCOS and non-PCOS subjects shared a total of 174 DGEs, including 14 upregulated and 160 downregulated genes. The GO biological processes enriched by DEGs mainly involved actin cytoskeleton organization, positive regulation of NF-κB signaling pathway, and positive regulation of canonical Wnt signaling pathway. The DEGs were significantly enriched in cytoplasm, nucleus and cytosol. Their molecular functions mainly focused on protein binding, calmodulin binding and glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase activity. The PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis were highlighted as critical pathways enriched by DEGs. 10 hub genes were screened from the constructed PPI network, of which EGF, FN1 and TLR4 were mainly enriched in the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Conclusion: In this study, a total of 174 DEGs and 10 hub genes were identified as new candidate targets for insulin resistance (IR) in PCOS individuals, which may provide a new direction for developing novel treatment strategies for PCOS.  © 2022 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Update of Circular RNA in the Occurrence Diagnosis and Treatment of Diabetes; Circular RNA (circRNA), a class of endogenous non-coding RNA with covalently closed continuous loop structure, was revealed to be abundant in mammalian cells and characterized by highly conserved, tissue-specific, disease-specific and time-specific.With the wide application of molecular biology and high-throughput sequencing technology, the researchers' understanding of circRNA has been greatly enriched in recent years, and the important regulatory role of circRNA in the occurrence and development of diabetes has been also confirmed.Currently, the diagnosis and treatment of diabetes are mostly focused on blood glucose monitoring and management, and it is important to explore new diagnostic and therapeutic ideas.Furthermore, circRNA has been confirmed to be involved in the processes such as insulin biogenesis and secretion, programmed apoptosis of islet β cell, insulin resistance and islet inflammation, and was expected to be biomarker and therapeutic target of diabetes. The role of circRNA in the pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of different types of diabetes were systematically summarized in this review, in order to further understand the pathogenesis of diabetes and provide some ideas to find therapeutic approaches. © 2022, Editorial Board of Pharmaceutical Biotechnology. All right reserved.
The Role of the miR-17-92 Cluster in Autophagy and Atherosclerosis Supports Its Link to Lysosomal Storage Diseases; Establishing the role of non-coding RNA (ncRNA), especially microRNAs (miRNAs), in the regulation of cell function constitutes a current research challenge. Two to six miRNAs can act in clusters; particularly, the miR-17-92 family, composed of miR-17, miR-18a, miR-19a, miR-20a, miR-19b-1, and miR-92a is well-characterized. This cluster functions during embryonic development in cell differentiation, growth, development, and morphogenesis and is an established oncogenic cluster. However, its role in the regulation of cellular metabolism, mainly in lipid metabolism and autophagy, has received less attention. Here, we argue that the miR-17-92 cluster is highly relevant for these two processes, and thus, could be involved in the study of pathologies derived from lysosomal deficiencies. Lysosomes are related to both processes, as they control cholesterol flux and regulate autophagy. Accordingly, we compiled, analyzed, and discussed current evidence that highlights the cluster’s fundamental role in regulating cellular energetic metabolism (mainly lipid and cholesterol flux) and atherosclerosis, as well as its critical participation in autophagy regulation. Because these processes are closely related to lysosomes, we also provide experimental data from the literature to support our proposal that the miR-17-92 cluster could be involved in the pathogenesis and effects of lysosomal storage diseases (LSD). © 2022 by the authors.
Could Polyphenolic Food Intake Help in the Control of Type 2 Diabetes? A Narrative Review of the Last Evidence; Background: Diabetes is one of the most serious global public health concerns, imposing a significant burden on public health and socio-economic development, with type 2 diabetes accounting for 90 percent of individuals with the disease (T2D). Introduction: Beyond the hereditary factor, there are several risk factors associated with the development of this syndrome; the lifestyle plays an increasingly predominant role in the development of the metabolic complications related to T2D and a significant role in the onset of this syndrome is played by an unbalanced diet. Polyphenolic food is a plant-based food, including vegetables, fruits, whole grains, tea, coffee, and nuts. In recent years, there has been growing evidence that polyphenols, due to their biological properties, may be used as nutraceuticals and supplementary treatments for various aspects of T2D. Polyphenols may influence glycemia and T2D through hypoglycemic properties, such as reduced insulin resistance, reduced fasting blood glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin value. Based on several in vitro, animal models, and some human studies, it has been detected that polyphenol-rich products modulate carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, attenuate hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance, improve adipose tissue metabolism, and alleviate oxidative stress and stress-sensitive signaling pathways and nflammatory processes. Methods: This manuscript summarizes human clinical trials conducted within the last 5 years linking dietary polyphenols to T2D, with a focus on polyphenolic foods found in the Mediterranean diet. Results: Intaking polyphenols and their food sources have demonstrated beneficial effects on insulin resistance and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Prospective studies have shown inverse associations between polyphenol intake and T2D. The Mediterranean diet and its key components, olive oil, nuts, and red wine, have been inversely associated with insulin resistance and T2D. Conclusion: In conclusion, the intake of polyphenols may be beneficial for both insulin resistance and T2D risk. However, other human clinical studies are needed to evaluate the suitable dose and duration of supplementation with polyphenolic food in T2D patients. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Angiogenesis in adipose tissue and obesity; While most tissues exhibit their greatest growth during development, adipose tissue is capable of additional massive expansion in adults. Adipose tissue expandability is advantageous when temporarily storing fuel for use during fasting, but becomes pathological upon continuous food intake, leading to obesity and its many comorbidities. The dense vasculature of adipose tissue provides necessary oxygen and nutrients, and supports delivery of fuel to and from adipocytes under fed or fasting conditions. Moreover, the vasculature of adipose tissue comprises a major niche for multipotent progenitor cells, which give rise to new adipocytes and are necessary for tissue repair. Given the multiple, pivotal roles of the adipose tissue vasculature, impairments in angiogenic capacity may underlie obesity-associated diseases such as diabetes and cardiometabolic disease. Exciting new studies on the single-cell and single-nuclei composition of adipose tissues in mouse and humans are providing new insights into mechanisms of adipose tissue angiogenesis. Moreover, new modes of intercellular communication involving micro vesicle and exosome transfer of proteins, nucleic acids and organelles are also being recognized to play key roles. This review focuses on new insights on the cellular and signaling mechanisms underlying adipose tissue angiogenesis, and on their impact on obesity and its pathophysiological consequences. © 2022, The Author(s).
Dietary and Nutrient Intake, Eating Habits, and Its Association with Maternal Gestational Weight Gain and Offspring’s Birth Weight in Pregnant Adolescents; Pregnant adolescents’ diet and eating habits are inadequate; however, their association with gestational weight gain (GWG) is uncertain. We aimed to analyze whether there is an association between dietary and nutrient intake and eating habits with GWG among pregnant adolescents and their offspring’s birth weight. A longitudinal study was performed with 530 participants. We assessed GWG and applied several tools, such as a food frequency questionnaire and 24-h recall, to obtain dietary and nutrient intake and eating habits. The birth weight of adolescents’ offspring was registered. Later, we performed crude and adjusted Poisson models. The mean age was 15.8 ± 1.3 years. Of all food groups, the lowest frequency of adequate intake corresponded to vegetables (7%) and legumes (10.2%). Excessive (36.8%) and insufficient (40.9%) GWG were observed. Pregnant adolescents with inadequate legumes intake increased the probability of excessive GWG: (PR 1.86 95% CI 1.00–3.44). Cereals and grains were positively associated with GWG: (PR 1.65, 95% CI 1.18–2.29). Energy, macronutrient intake, and eating habits were not associated with GWG. Offspring’s small gestational age (SGA) increased when pregnant adolescents had inadequate sugar-sweetened beverages intake: PR (1.58, 95% CI 1.01–2.49) and when pregnant adolescent watched television (TV). In our sample of Mexican adolescents, dietary and nutrient intake and eating habits were inadequate. Excessive dietary intake from cereals, grains, and animal-sourced foods along with insufficient legumes were associated with excessive GWG. Watching TV while adolescents ate was associated with the birth weight of the offspring. © 2022 by the authors.
Mineral metabolism and ferroptosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most prevalent chronic liver disease worldwide. Minerals including iron, copper, zinc, and selenium, fulfil an essential role in various biochemical processes. Moreover, the identification of ferroptosis and cuproptosis further underscores the importance of intracellular mineral homeostasis. However, perturbation of minerals has been frequently reported in patients with NAFLD and related diseases. Interestingly, studies have attempted to establish an association between mineral disorders and NAFLD pathological features, including oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, inflammatory response, and fibrogenesis. In this review, we aim to provide an overview of the current understanding of mineral metabolism (i.e., absorption, utilization, and transport) and mineral interactions in the pathogenesis of NAFLD. More importantly, this review highlights potential therapeutic strategies, challenges, future directions for targeting mineral metabolism in the treatment of NAFLD. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Immune Responses to SARS-CoV-2 in Pregnancy: Implications for the Health of the Next Generation; Widespread SARS-CoV-2 infection among pregnant individuals has led to a generation of fetuses exposed in utero, but the long-term impact of such exposure remains unknown. Although fetal infection is rare, children born to mothers with SARS-CoV-2 infection may be at increased risk for adverse neurodevelopmental and cardiometabolic outcomes. Fetal programming effects are likely to be mediated at least in part by maternal immune activation. In this review, we discuss recent evidence regarding the effects of prenatal SARS-CoV-2 infection on the maternal, placental, and fetal immune response, as well as the implications for the long-term health of offspring. Extrapolating from what is known about the impact of maternal immune activation in other contexts (e.g., obesity, HIV, influenza), we review the potential for neurodevelopmental and cardiometabolic morbidity in offspring. Based on available data suggesting potential increased neurodevelopmental risk, we highlight the importance of establishing large cohorts to monitor offspring born to SARS-CoV-2-positive mothers for neurodevelopmental and cardiometabolic sequelae. Copyright © 2022 by The American Association of Immunologists, Inc.
Relationship between the development of hyperlipidemia in hypothyroidism patients; As shown in the previous studies, hypothyroidism (HT) is identified to be closely associated with the elevated plasma levels of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), and with the decreased plasma levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). On the other hand, the thyroid hormone (TH), which has been considered as a vital hormone produced and released by the thyroid gland, are well-established to regulate the metabolism of plasma TC; whereas other evidence proposed that the thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) also regulated the plasma cholesterol metabolism independently of the TH, which further promotes the progression of hyperlipidemia. Nevertheless, the potential mechanism is still not illustrated. It is worth noting that several studies has found that the progression of HT-induced hyperlipidemia might be associated with the down-regulated plasma levels of TH and the up-regulated plasma levels of TSH, revealing that HT could promote hyperlipidemia and its related cardio-metabolic disorders. Otherwise, multiple novel identified plasma proteins, such as proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), angiopoietin-like protein (ANGPTLs), and fibroblast growth factors (FGFs), have also been demonstrated to embrace a vital function in modulating the progression of hyperlipidemia induced by HT. In the present comprehensive review, the recent findings which elucidated the association of HT and the progression of hyperlipidemia were summarized. Furthermore, other results which illustrated the underlying mechanisms by which HT facilitates the progression of hyperlipidemia and its cardio-metabolic disorders are also listed in the current review. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Can Iron Play a Crucial Role in Maintaining Cardiovascular Health in the 21st Century?; In the 21st century the heart is facing more and more challenges so it should be brave and iron to meet these challenges. We are living in the era of the COVID-19 pandemic, population aging, prevalent obesity, diabetes and autoimmune diseases, environmental pollution, mass migrations and new potential pandemic threats. In our article we showed sophisticated and complex regulations of iron metabolism. We discussed the impact of iron metabolism on heart diseases, treatment of heart failure, diabetes and obesity. We faced the problems of constant stress, climate change, environmental pollution, migrations and epidemics and showed that iron is really essential for heart metabolism in the 21st century. © 2022 by the authors.
Action mechanism of hypoglycemic principle 9-(R)-HODE isolated from cortex lycii based on a metabolomics approach; The 9-(R)-HODE is an active compound isolated from cortex lycii that showed significant hypoglycemic effects in our previous in vitro study. In this study, 9-(R)-HODE’s in vivo hypoglycemic activity and effect on alleviating diabetic complications, together with its molecular mechanism, was investigated using a metabolomics approach. The monitored regulation on dynamic fasting blood glucose, postprandial glucose, body weight, biochemical parameters and histopathological analysis confirmed the hypoglycemic activity and attenuation effect, i.e., renal lesions, of 9-(R)-HODE. Subsequent metabolomic studies indicated that 9-(R)-HODE induced metabolomic alterations primarily by affecting the levels of amino acids, organic acids, alcohols and amines related to amino acid metabolism, glucose metabolism and energy metabolism. By mediating the related metabolism or single molecules related to insulin resistance, e.g., kynurenine, myo-inositol and the branched chain amino acids leucine, isoleucine and valine, 9-(R)-HODE achieved its therapeutic effect. Moreover, the mediation of kynurenine displayed a systematic effect on the liver, kidney, muscle, plasma and faeces. Lipidomic studies revealed that 9-(R)-HODE could reverse the lipid metabolism disorder in diabetic mice mainly by regulating phosphatidylinositols, lysophosphatidylcholines, lysophosphatidylcholines, phosphatidylserine, phosphatidylglycerols, lysophosphatidylglycerols and triglycerides in both tissues and plasma. Treatment with 9-(R)-HODE significantly modified the structure and composition of the gut microbiota. The SCFA-producing bacteria, including Rikenellaceae and Lactobacillaceae at the family level and Ruminiclostridium 6, Ruminococcaceae UCG 014, Mucispirillum, Lactobacillus, Alistipes and Roseburia at the genus level, were increased by 9-(R)-HODE treatment. These results were consistent with the increased SCFA levels in both the colon content and plasma of diabetic mice treated with 9-(R)-HODE. The tissue DESI‒MSI analysis strongly confirmed the validity of the metabolomics approach in illustrating the hypoglycemic and diabetic complications-alleviation effect of 9-(R)-HODE. The significant upregulation of liver glycogen in diabetic mice by 9-(R)-HODE treatment validated the interpretation of the metabolic pathways related to glycogen synthesis in the integrated pathway network. Altogether, 9-(R)-HODE has the potential to be further developed as a promising candidate for the treatment of diabetes. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Hu, Zheng, Zhang, Gui, Liang, Zhang, Hu, Li, Zhong, Su, Liu, Cheng and Gong.
Integrative analysis reveals novel associations between DNA methylation and the serum metabolome of adolescents with type 2 diabetes: A cross-sectional study; Objective: Rates of type 2 diabetes (T2D) among adolescents are on the rise. Epigenetic changes could be associated with the metabolic alterations in adolescents with T2D. Methods: We performed a cross sectional integrated analysis of DNA methylation data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells with serum metabolomic data from First Nation adolescents with T2D and controls participating in the Improving Renal Complications in Adolescents with type 2 diabetes through Research (iCARE) cohort study, to explore the molecular changes in adolescents with T2D. Results: Our analysis showed that 43 serum metabolites and 36 differentially methylated regions (DMR) were associated with T2D. Several DMRs were located near the transcriptional start site of genes with established roles in metabolic disease and associated with altered serum metabolites (e.g. glucose, leucine, and gamma-glutamylisoleucine). These included the free fatty acid receptor-1 (FFAR1), upstream transcription factor-2 (USF2), and tumor necrosis factor-related protein-9 (C1QTNF9), among others. Conclusions: We identified DMRs and metabolites that merit further investigation to determine their significance in controlling gene expression and metabolism which could define T2D risk in adolescents. Copyright © 2022 Agarwal, Wicklow, Dart, Hizon, Sellers, McGavock, Talbot, Fonseca, Xu, Davie, Jones, Acharjee and Dolinsky.
The Association between Gut Microbiome and Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension: A Nested Case–Control Study; (1) Background: Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) is associated with obvious microbiota dysbiosis in the third trimester of pregnancy. However, the mechanisms behind these changes remain unknown. Therefore, this study aimed to explore the relationship between the gut microbiome in early pregnancy and PIH occurrence. (2) Methods: A nested case–control study design was used based on the follow-up cohort. Thirty-five PIH patients and thirty-five matched healthy pregnant women were selected as controls. The gut microbiome profiles were assessed in the first trimester using metagenomic sequencing. (3) Results: Diversity analyses showed that microbiota diversity was altered in early pregnancy. At the species level, eight bacterial species were enriched in healthy controls: Alistipes putredinis, Bacteroides vulgatus, Ruminococcus torques, Oscillibacter unclassified, Akkermansia muciniphila, Clostridium citroniae, Parasutterella excrementihominis and Burkholderiales bacterium_1_1_47. Conversely, Eubacterium rectale, and Ruminococcus bromii were enriched in PIH patients. The results of functional analysis showed that the changes in these different microorganisms may affect the blood pressure of pregnant women by affecting the metabolism of vitamin K2, sphingolipid, lipid acid and glycine. (4) Conclusion: Microbiota dysbiosis in PIH patients begins in the first trimester of pregnancy, and this may be associated with the occurrence of PIH. Bacterial pathway analyses suggest that the gut microbiome might lead to the development of PIH through the alterations of function modules. © 2022 by the authors.
Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease and Subsequent Development of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background & Aims: Recently, metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into 3 groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. Results: The study population consisted of 1744 pregnant women, including 1523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% CI, 1.68–9.67), whereas the risk was not significantly different between no NAFLD and non-MD NAFLD. Among women with no NAFLD, the presence of MD increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, women with MAFLD were at higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes than women with no NAFLD without MD or those with no NAFLD with MD. Conclusions: In pregnant women, MAFLD may be associated with an increased risk of subsequent adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2022 AGA Institute
Associations between urea nitrogen and risk of depression among subjects with and without type 2 diabetes: A nationwide population-based study; Background: Depression and type 2 diabetes (T2D) are serious public health problems with irreversible health consequences and a significant economic burden on the healthcare system. Previous studies have suggested that blood urea nitrogen (BUN) was inversely longitudinally associated with incidence of diabetes and depression in adults, but few well-designed studies have examined the effects of status of T2D on the full range of relationship between BUN and depression. Methods: The analysis sample consisted of adults aged≥20 years from the 2007-2014 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) who completed the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ–9), involving 19,005 participants. By stratifying participants according to T2D status, we further assessed the difference between BUN and risk of depression in participants with and without T2D using multivariate logistic regression (interaction test). Results: In this cross-sectional study, the association between BUN and depression prevalence appeared to differ between the T2D and non-T2D groups (OR: 1.00, 95% Cl: 0.95-1.05 vs. OR: 0.89, 95% Cl: 0.85-0.93). In addition, there was evidence of an interaction between BUN levels and T2D status in reducing the risk of depression (P value for interaction = 0.032.) The relationship between BUN and depressive symptoms was significant in non-T2D subjects (P < 0.001), but not in T2D (P = 0.940). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that there is a significant relationship between BUN and depression, and T2D status may influence the association between BUN and the risk of depression. Such findings require further prospective studies to provide more evidence. Copyright © 2022 Mao, Li, Zhu, Ma, Geng and Zhao.
The Potential Role of PPARs in the Fetal Origins of Adult Disease; The fetal origins of adult disease (FOAD) hypothesis holds that events during early development have a profound impact on one’s risk for the development of future adult disease. Studies from humans and animals have demonstrated that many diseases can begin in childhood and are caused by a variety of early life traumas, including maternal malnutrition, maternal disease conditions, lifestyle changes, exposure to toxins/chemicals, improper medication during pregnancy, and so on. Recently, the roles of Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) in FOAD have been increasingly appreciated due to their wide variety of biological actions. PPARs are members of the nuclear hormone receptor subfamily, consisting of three distinct subtypes: PPARα, β/δ, and γ, highly expressed in the reproductive tissues. By controlling the maturation of the oocyte, ovulation, implantation of the embryo, development of the placenta, and male fertility, the PPARs play a crucial role in the transition from embryo to fetus in developing mammals. Exposure to adverse events in early life exerts a profound influence on the methylation pattern of PPARs in offspring organs, which can affect development and health throughout the life course, and even across generations. In this review, we summarize the latest research on PPARs in the area of FOAD, highlight the important role of PPARs in FOAD, and provide a potential strategy for early prevention of FOAD. © 2022 by the authors.
Moderate-intensity exercise decreases the circulating level of betatrophin and its correlation among markers of obesity in women; Objectives: Positive energy homeostasis due to overnutrition and a sedentary lifestyle triggers obesity. Obesity has a close relationship with elevated levels of betatrophin and may increase the risk of developing metabolic syndrome. Therefore, lifestyle modification through a nonpharmacological approach based on physical exercise is the right strategy in lowering betatrophin levels. This study aimed to analyze the effect of moderate-intensity interval and continuous exercises on decreased betatrophin levels and the association between betatrophin levels and obesity markers in women. Methods: A total of 30 women aged 20-24 years old were randomly divided into three groups. Measurement of betatrophin levels using Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Data analysis techniques used were one-way ANOVA and parametric linear correlation. Results: The results showed that the average levels of betatrophin pre-exercise were 200.40 ± 11.03 pg/mL at CON, 203.07 ± 42.48 pg/mL at MIE, 196.62 ± 21.29 pg/mL at MCE, and p=0.978. Average levels of betatrophin post-exercise were 226.65 ± 18.96 pg/mL at CON, 109.31 ± 11.23 pg/mL at MIE, 52.38 ± 8.18 pg/mL at MCE, and p=0.000. Pre-exercise betatrophin levels were positively correlated with age, BMI, FM, WHR, FBG, and PBF (p≤0.001). Conclusions: Our study showed that betatrophin levels are decreased by 10 min post-MIE and post-MCE. However, moderate-intensity continuous exercise is more effective in lowering betatrophin levels than moderate-intensity interval exercise. In addition, pre-exercise betatrophin levels also have a positive correlation with obesity markers.  © 2022 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Role of microRNA in Endocrine Disruptor-Induced Immunomodulation of Metabolic Health; The prevalence of poor metabolic health is growing exponentially worldwide. This condition is associated with complex comorbidities that lead to a compromised quality of life. One of the contributing factors recently gaining attention is exposure to environmental chemicals, such as endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs). Considerable evidence suggests that EDCs can alter the endocrine system through immunomodulation. More concerning, EDC exposure during the fetal development stage has prominent adverse effects later in life, which may pass on to subsequent generations. Although the mechanism of action for this phenomenon is mostly unexplored, recent reports implicate that non-coding RNAs, such as microRNAs (miRs), may play a vital role in this scenario. MiRs are significant contributors in post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression. Studies demonstrating the immunomodulation of EDCs via miRs in metabolic health or towards the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) Hypothesis are still deficient. The aim of the current review was to focus on studies that demonstrate the impact of EDCs primarily on innate immunity and the potential role of miRs in metabolic health. © 2022 by the authors.
The impacts of vitamin D supplementation in adults with metabolic syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Studies have shown the association of vitamin D status with the development of metabolic syndrome (MetS), which has attracted an extensive research interest with inconsistent results. Therefore, we hypothesized that vitamin D supplementation (VDS) will benefit adults with MetS. Aims: To test our hypothesis, we performed a meta-analysis to evaluate the effect of VDS on MetS in adults using relevant biomarkers such as anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, blood lipid profile, glycemia, oxidative stress and vitamin D toxicity (VDT). Methods: Randomized controlled trials published in PubMed, Web of Science, embase and the Cochrane Library between 2012 and 2022 on the effect of VDS on MetS in adults were searched. The language was limited to English. A meta-analysis performed using RevMan 5.4 and Stata 14.0 software, sensitivity analysis, and evaluation of the risk of bias and general quality of the resulting evidence were conducted. Results: Eventually, 13 articles were included in this meta-analysis. Overall, VDS significantly increased the endline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels as compared to the control [MD:17.41, 95% CI (14.09, 20.73), p < 0.00001]. VDS did not affect waist circumference, body mass index, body fat percentage and VDT biomarkers, but decreased waist-to-hip ratio and blood pressure (p < 0.01). VDS significantly decreased fasting plasma glucose (FPG) [MD: 3.78; 95% CI (−6.52, −1.03), p = 0.007], but did not affect the levels of blood high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), and triglyceride (TG). Pooled estimate of nine papers indicated a significant reduction of fasting insulin (FI) (p = 0.006), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (p = 0.0001). The quantitative insulin check index levels were moderately increased (p = 0.007) without any impact on the glycosylated hemoglobin type A1C (HbA1c). For the oxidative stress parameters, VDS significantly lowered the levels of malondialdehyde and hypersensitive C-reactive protein (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Results of this meta-analysis demonstrate that VDS only reduces insulin resistance and hypertension but not the blood lipid profile and HbA1c. It appears that the evidence for the benefit of VDS in adults with MetS is inconclusive. Further clinical studies are still needed. Copyright © 2022 Qi, Zhao, Zhang and Yang.
An Update on the Current and Emerging Use of Thiazolidinediones for Type 2 Diabetes; Guidelines have increasingly stressed the concept that adequate glycemic control is required to prevent or decrease the macro- and microvascular complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). PPAR-gamma agonists (“glitazones”) are no longer prioritized due to their effects on heart failure. However, the association between these drugs and innovative therapies could be a valuable tool to attenuate the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome. Glitazones are used for the treatment of diabetes and associated comorbidities. There is substantial scientific evidence demonstrating the effect of glitazones at a cardiometabolic level, as well as on hematological and neurological pathologies that point to their usefulness. The use of glitazones has always been controversial both for the type of patients who must take these drugs and for the side effects associated with them. Unfortunately, the recent guidelines do not include them among the preferred drugs for the treatment of hyperglycemia and rosiglitazone is out of the market in many countries due to an adverse cardiovascular risk profile. Even though real-life studies have proven otherwise, and their pleiotropic effects have been highlighted, they have been unable to achieve primacy in the choice of antihyperglycemic drugs. It would be appropriate to demonstrate the usefulness of pioglitazone and its therapeutic benefit with further cardiovascular safety studies. © 2022 by the authors.
Trimester-Specific Serum Fructosamine in Association with Abdominal Adiposity, Insulin Resistance, and Inflammation in Healthy Pregnant Individuals; This study aimed to (1) characterize the variations in serum fructosamine across trimesters and according to pre-pregnancy BMI (ppBMI), and (2) examine associations between fructosamine and adiposity/metabolic markers (ppBMI, first-trimester adiposity, leptin, glucose homeostasis, and inflammation measurements) during pregnancy. Serum fructosamine, albumin, fasting glucose and insulin, leptin, adiponectin, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations were measured at each trimester. In the first trimester, subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral (VAT) adipose tissue thicknesses were estimated by ultrasound. In the 101 healthy pregnant individuals included (age: 32.2 ± 3.5 y.o.; ppBMI: 25.5 ± 5.5 kg/m2), fructosamine concentrations decreased during pregnancy whereas albumin-corrected fructosamine concentrations increased (p < 0.0001 for both). Notably, fructosamine concentrations were inversely associated with ppBMI, first-trimester SAT, VAT, and leptin (r = −0.55, r = −0.61, r = −0.48, r = −0.47, respectively; p < 0.0001 for all), first-trimester fasting insulin and HOMA-IR (r = −0.46, r = −0.46; p < 0.0001 for both), and first-trimester IL-6 (r = −0.38, p < 0.01). However, once corrected for albumin, most of the correlations lost strength. Once adjusted for ppBMI, fructosamine concentrations were positively associated with third-trimester fasting glucose and CRP (r = 0.24, r = 0.27; p < 0.05 for both). In conclusion, serum fructosamine is inversely associated with adiposity before and during pregnancy, with markers of glucose homeostasis and inflammation, but the latter associations are partially influenced by albumin concentrations and ppBMI. © 2022 by the authors.
C Allele of the PPARδ+294T>C Polymorphism Confers a Higher Risk of Hypercholesterolemia, but not Obesity and Insulin Resistance: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The relationships of the PPARα Leu162Val and PPARδ+294 T>C polymorphisms with metabolic indexes have been reported to be inconsistent and even contradictory. The meta-analysis was conducted to clarify the relationships between the two variants and the indexes of obesity, insulin resistance, and blood lipids. PubMed, Google Scholar, Embase, and Cochrane Library were searched for eligible studies. Standardized mean difference with 95% confidence interval was calculated to estimate the differences in the metabolic indexes between the genotypes of the Leu162Val and+294 T>C polymorphisms. Heterogeneity among studies was assessed by Cochran's x2-based Q-statistic test. Publication bias was identified by using Begg's test. Forty-one studies (44 585 subjects) and 33 studies (23 018 subjects) were identified in the analyses for the Leu162Val and+294 T>C polymorphisms, respectively. C allele carriers of the+294 T>C polymorphism had significantly higher levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol than TT homozygotes in the whole population. Notably, C allele carriers of the+294 T>C polymorphism had significantly higher levels of triglycerides and total cholesterol in East Asians, but lower levels of triglycerides in West Asians than TT homozygotes. Regarding the Leu162Val polymorphism, it was found that Val allele carriers had significantly higher levels of blood glucose than Leu/Leu homozygotes only in European Caucasians. The meta-analysis demonstrates that C allele of the+294 T>C polymorphism in PPARδ gene confers a higher risk of hypercholesterolemia, which may partly explain the relationship between this variant and coronary artery disease. © 2022 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Rhodomyrtus tomentosa (Ait.) Hassk fruit phenolic-rich extract mitigates intestinal barrier dysfunction and inflammation in mice; In this study, the mitigative effect of Rhodomyrtus tomentosa (Ait.) Hassk fruit extract rich in phenolic compounds (RTE) on high fat diet (HFD)-induced intestinal barrier dysfunction of mice and the underlying mechanism were explored. The results revealed that RTE supplementation obviously improved gut microbiota dysbiosis induced by HFD, which was evidenced by elevated alpha diversity, suppressed Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio, enriched short-chain fatty acid-producing bacteria (Odoribacter, Parabacteroides, Blautia and Akkermansia), and depleted harmful bacteria (Helicobacter, norank_f_ Desulfovibrionaceae and Mucispirillum). RTE intervention mitigated intestinal barrier dysfunction and inflammation by elevating tight junction proteins expression levels and decreasing proinflammatory cytokines levels. Furthermore, RTE administration inhibited the HFD-induced trigger of the lipopolysaccharide–toll-like receptor 4–nuclear factor kappa-B (LPS–TLR4–NF-κB) pathway in colonic tissue. Therefore, RTE supplementation may be an effective way to protect the intestinal tract in HFD-induced obese individuals. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
An Overview of Herbal-Based Antidiabetic Drug Delivery Systems: Focus on Lipid- and Inorganic-Based Nanoformulations; Diabetes is a metabolic pathology with chronic high blood glucose levels that occurs when the pancreas does not produce enough insulin or the body does not properly use the insulin it produces. Diabetes management is a puzzle and focuses on a healthy lifestyle, physical exercise, and medication. Thus far, the condition remains incurable; management just helps to control it. Its medical treatment is expensive and is to be followed for the long term, which is why people, especially from low-income countries, resort to herbal medicines. However, many active compounds isolated from plants (phytocompounds) are poorly bioavailable due to their low solubility, low permeability, or rapid elimination. To overcome these impediments and to alleviate the cost burden on disadvantaged populations, plant nanomedicines are being studied. Nanoparticulate formulations containing antidiabetic plant extracts or phytocompounds have shown promising results. We herein aimed to provide an overview of the use of lipid- and inorganic-based nanoparticulate delivery systems with plant extracts or phytocompounds for the treatment of diabetes while highlighting their advantages and limitations for clinical application. The findings from the reviewed works showed that these nanoparticulate formulations resulted in high antidiabetic activity at low doses compared to the corresponding plant extracts or phytocompounds alone. Moreover, it was shown that nanoparticulate systems address the poor bioavailability of herbal medicines, but the lack of enough preclinical and clinical pharmacokinetic and/or pharmacodynamic trials still delays their use in diabetic patients. © 2022 by the authors.
Effect of metformin on nonalcoholic fatty liver based on meta-analysis and network pharmacology; Background: Whether metformin is related to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is controversial. Our aim was to investigate the relationship between metformin and NAFLD that may predict the metformin potential of these lesions and new prevention strategies in NAFLD patients. Methods: The meta-analysis was analyzed by Revman 5.3 softwares systematically searched for works published through July 29, 2022. Network pharmacology research based on databases, Cytoscape 3.7.1 software and R software respectively. Results: The following variables were associated with metformin in NAFLD patients: decreased of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) level (mean difference [MD] = -10.84, 95% confidence interval [CI] = -21.85 to 0.16, P = .05); decreased of aspartate amino transferase (AST) level (MD = -4.82, 95% CI = -9.33 to -0.30, P = .04); decreased of triglyceride (TG) level (MD = -0.17, 95% CI = -0.26 to -0.08, P = .0002); decreased of total cholesterol (TC) level (MD = -0.29, 95% CI = -0.47 to -0.10, P = .003); decreased of insulin resistance (IR) level (MD = -0.42, 95% CI = -0.82 to -0.02, P = .04). In addition, body mass index (BMI) (MD = -0.65, 95% CI = -1.46 to 0.16, P = .12) had no association with metformin in NAFLD patients. 181 metformin targets and 868 NAFLD disease targets were interaction analyzed, 15 core targets of metformin for the treatment of NAFLD were obtained. The effect of metformin on NAFLD mainly related to cytoplasm and protein binding, NAFLD, hepatitis B, pathway in cancer, toll like receptor signaling pathway and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The proteins of hypoxia inducible factor-1 (HIF1A), nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor (NFE2L2), nitric oxide synthase 3 (NOS3), nuclear receptor subfamily 3 group C member 1 (NR3C1), PI3K catalytic subunit alpha (PIK3CA), and silencing information regulator 2 related enzyme 1 (SIRT1) may the core targets of metformin for the treatment of NAFLD. Conclusion: Metformin might be a candidate drug for the treatment of NAFLD which exhibits therapeutic effect on NAFLD patients associated with ALT, AST, TG, TC and IR while was not correlated with BMI. HIF1A, NFE2L2, NOS3, NR3C1, PIK3CA, and SIRT1 might be core targets of metformin for the treatment of NAFLD.  Copyright © 2022 the Author(s).
Maternal Cardiovascular Health in Early Pregnancy and Childhood Brain Structure; BACKGROUND: Poor cardiovascular health during pregnancy has been associated with adverse neurocognitive outcomes in the offspring. We examined the associations of maternal cardiovascular health factors with brain structure in 10-year-old children. METHODS AND RESULTS: We included 2797 mother– offspring pairs from the Generation R Study. Maternal body mass index, gestational weight gain, blood pressure, insulin, glucose, and lipid blood concentrations were obtained in early pregnancy. Childhood structural brain measures, including global metrics of brain tissue volumes and white matter microstructure, were quantified by magnetic resonance imaging at 10 years. As compared with offspring of mothers with normal weight, those of mothers with underweight had smaller total brain volume (difference, −28.99 [95% CI −56.55 to −1.45] cm3). Similarly, as compared with offspring of mothers with gestational weight gain between the 25th and 75th percentile, those of mothers with ges-tational weight loss or no gestational weight gain (<25th percentile), had smaller total brain volume (difference, −13.07 [95% CI, −23.82 to −2.32] cm3). Also, higher maternal diastolic blood pressure in early pregnancy was associated with lower offspring white matter mean diffusivity (difference, −0.07 [95% CI, −0.11 to −0.02] SD score). After multiple testing correction, only the association of maternal diastolic blood pressure with lower offspring white matter mean diffusivity remained statistically sig-nificant. No associations were observed of maternal insulin, glucose, and lipid concentrations with childhood brain outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that maternal cardiovascular health during pregnancy might be related to offspring brain development in the long term. Future studies are needed to replicate our findings and to explore the causal nature of the associations. © 2022 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc.,.
Real-world national trends and socio-economic factors preference of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in China; Backgrounds: Robust evidence have demonstrated the beneficial effect of Sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2i) and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RA) in T2D patients with cardiovascular diseases and chronic kidney disease. Multiple studies analyzed patterns and predictors of SGLT2i and GLP-1RA in the US, Europe and worldwide. However, there is no study about the utilization of these two classes of drugs in real-world in China. Method: A total of 181743 prescriptions of SGLT2i and 59720 GLP-1RA were retrospectively pooled from Hospital Prescription Analysis Cooperation Project from 2018 to 2021. The social-economic characteristics of patients and prescribers, including age, gender, residency, hospital level, insurance type, department visited, and payment amount, were collected and analyzed to study trends and risk factors associated with preference among two antidiabetics. Results: Annual number of prescriptions of SGLT2i significantly increased to approximately 140 folds, while GLP-1RA increased to about 6.5 folds. After adjustment for socio-economic information, several patients or physician characteristics were positively associated with the preference of GLP-1RA, including female gender (OR 1.581, 95% CI 1.528-1.635), residents in second-tier cities (OR 1.194, 95% CI 1.148-1.142), visiting primary or secondary hospital level (OR 2.387, 95% CI 2.268-2.512); while other factors were associated with the preference of SGLT2i, including older adults (OR 0.713, 95% CI 0.688-0.739), uncovered by insurance (OR 0.310, 95% CI 0.293-0.329), visiting other departments compared with endocrinology. In addition, the share of SGLT2i and GLP-1RA was low but in an increasing tendency. Conclusions: SGLT2i and GLP-1RA prescription significantly increased from 2018 to 2021. The socio-economic risk factors in choosing SGLT2i or GLP-1RA highlight an effort required to reduce disparities and improve health outcomes. Copyright © 2022 Li, Guo, Huo, Gao, Yan and Zhao.
Genetically engineered bacterium: Principles, practices, and prospects; Advances in synthetic biology and the clinical application of bacteriotherapy enable the use of genetically engineered bacteria (GEB) to combat various diseases. GEB act as a small ‘machine factory’ in the intestine or other tissues to continuously produce heterologous proteins or molecular compounds and, thus, diagnose or cure disease or work as an adjuvant reagent for disease treatment by regulating the immune system. Although the achievements of GEBs in the treatment or adjuvant therapy of diseases are promising, the practical implementation of this new therapeutic modality remains a grand challenge, especially at the initial stage. In this review, we introduce the development of GEBs and their advantages in disease management, summarize the latest research advances in microbial genetic techniques, and discuss their administration routes, performance indicators and the limitations of GEBs used as platforms for disease management. We also present several examples of GEB applications in the treatment of cancers and metabolic diseases and further highlight their great potential for clinical application in the near future. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Feng, Pan, Zhang and Zhang.
Metabolic Syndrome Programming and Reprogramming: Mechanistic Aspects of Oxidative Stress; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a worldwide public health issue characterized by a set of risk factors for cardiovascular disease. MetS can originate in early life by developmental programming. Increasing evidence suggests that oxidative stress, which is characterized as an imbalance between reactive oxygen species (ROS), nitric oxide (NO), and antioxidant systems, plays a decisive role in MetS programming. Results from human and animal studies indicate that maternal-derived insults induce MetS later in life, accompanied by oxidative stress programming of various organ systems. On the contrary, perinatal use of antioxidants can offset oxidative stress and thereby prevent MetS traits in adult offspring. This review provides an overview of current knowledge about the core mechanisms behind MetS programming, with particular focus on the occurrence of oxidative-stress-related pathogenesis as well as the use of potential oxidative-stress-targeted interventions as a reprogramming strategy to avert MetS of developmental origins. Future clinical studies should provide important proof of concept for the effectiveness of these reprogramming interventions to prevent a MetS epidemic. © 2022 by the authors.
Immune-Metabolic Interactions and T Cell Tolerance in Pregnancy; Pregnancy depends on a state of maternal immune tolerance mediated by CD41 regulatory T (Treg) cells. Uterine Treg cells release anti-inflammatory factors, inhibit effector immunity, and support adaptation of the uterine vasculature to facilitate placental development. Insufficient Treg cells or inadequate functional competence is implicated in infertility and recurrent miscarriage, as well as pregnancy complications preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and preterm birth, which stem from placental insufficiency. In this review we address an emerging area of interest in pregnancy immunology-the significance of metabolic status in regulating the Treg cell expansion required for maternal-fetal tolerance. We describe how hyperglycemia and insulin resistance affect T cell responses to suppress generation of Treg cells, summarize data that implicate a role for altered glucose metabolism in impaired maternal-fetal tolerance, and explore the prospect of targeting dysregulated metabolism to rebalance the adaptive immune response in women experiencing reproductive disorders. Copyright © 2022 by The American Association of Immunologists, Inc.
High-Fat Diet and Female Fertility across Lifespan: A Comparative Lesson from Mammal Models; Female reproduction focuses mainly on achieving fully grown follicles and competent oocytes to be successfully fertilized, as well as on nourishing the developing offspring once pregnancy occurs. Current evidence demonstrates that obesity and/or high-fat diet regimes can perturbate these processes, leading to female infertility and transgenerational disorders. Since the mechanisms and reproductive processes involved are not yet fully clarified, the present review is designed as a systematic and comparative survey of the available literature. The available data demonstrate the adverse influences of obesity on diverse reproductive processes, such as folliculogenesis, oogenesis, and embryo development/implant. The negative reproductive impact may be attributed to a direct action on reproductive somatic and germinal compartments and/or to an indirect influence mediated by the endocrine, metabolic, and immune axis control systems. Overall, the present review highlights the fragmentation of the current information limiting the comprehension of the reproductive impact of a high-fat diet. Based on the incidence and prevalence of obesity in the Western countries, this topic becomes a research challenge to increase self-awareness of dietary reproductive risk to propose solid and rigorous preventive dietary regimes, as well as to develop targeted pharmacological interventions. © 2022 by the authors.
Stachydrine alleviates lipid-induced skeletal muscle insulin resistance via AMPK/HO-1-mediated suppression of inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress; Objective: Insulin resistance develops due to skeletal muscle inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. Stachydrine (STA), extracted from Leonurus heterophyllus, has been shown to suppress proliferation and induce apoptosis in breast cancer cells and exert anti-inflammatory properties in the brain, heart, and liver. However, the roles of STA in insulin signaling in skeletal muscle remain unclear. Herein, we examined the impacts of STA on insulin signaling in skeletal muscle under hyperlipidemic conditions and its related molecular mechanisms. Methods: Various protein expression levels were determined by Western blotting. Levels of mouse serum cytokines were measured by ELISA. Results: We found that STA-ameliorated inflammation and ER stress, leading to attenuation of insulin resistance in palmitate-treated C2C12 myocytes. STA dose-dependently enhanced AMPK phosphorylation and HO-1 expression. Administration of STA attenuated not only insulin resistance but also inflammation and ER stress in the skeletal muscle of high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice. Additionally, STA-ameliorated glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, as well as serum TNFα and MCP-1, in mice fed a HFD. Small interfering (si) RNA-associated suppression of AMPK or HO-1 expression abolished the effects of STA in C2C12 myocytes. Conclusions: These results suggest that STA activates AMPK/HO-1 signaling, resulting in reduced inflammation and ER stress, thereby improving skeletal muscle insulin resistance. Using STA as a natural ingredient, this research successfully treated insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Folate dose and form during pregnancy may program maternal and fetal health and disease risk; The role of folate, in its synthetic and bioactive form, as an in utero modifier of metabolic outcomes in mothers and offspring is examined in this review. During pregnancy, a continuum of adaptive changes occurs to support maternal and fetal requirements. However, an unfavorable in utero environment may lead to permanent changes in cellular and physiological functions, adversely affecting the development of the child and postpartum health of the mother. In North American countries, synthetic folic acid (FA) is overconsumed by pregnant women, and uncertainty exists about its potential unintended health effects. Because the metabolism of FA is different than that of other folate forms, it may modulate disease risk differently. The bioactive form of folate, 5-methyltetrahydrofolic acid, has emerged as a popular alternative to FA, but clinical studies comparing their effects during pregnancy are limited. Current evidence points to the need for caution when maternal intake of either folate form exceed recommended amounts. Research directed toward defining an optimal folate dose and form for healthy pregnancy and long-term metabolic outcomes in mothers and children is urgently needed.  © 2022 The Author(s).
Can sonographic imaging of the fetal pancreas predict perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus?; Objectives: To evaluate whether fetal pancreatic echogenicity and its measurements are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and perinatal outcomes. Methods: A prospective cohort study was conducted with 150 pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy. The study included pregnant women between 30 and 41 weeks with or without GDM. Fetal pancreatic circumference was measured using the free-hand tracking function. The echogenicity of the fetal pancreas was compared with the echogenicity of the liver and bone (ribs, spine) and classified as Grades 1, 2 and 3. The relationship between maternal characteristics and perinatal outcomes with fetal pancreas measurements and echogenicity was evaluated. Results: Pregnant women with 75 GDM and 75 without GDM were included in the study. Mean fetal pancreas circumference measurements were significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM than in those without GDM (p=0.001). Hyperechogenic (Grade 3) fetal pancreas was significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM than in pregnant women without GDM, and there was a positive correlation between pancreatic echogenicity and HbA1c levels in pregnant women with GDM (r=0.631, p<0.01). There was a significant relationship between pancreatic echogenicity, measurements and adverse neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with GDM, and pancreas measurements were significantly higher in pregnant women with cesarean delivery. Conclusions: Fetal pancreatic echogenicity and measurements in pregnant women with GDM can give an idea about glucose regulation and adverse perinatal outcomes.  © 2022 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Exercise performed during pregnancy positively modulates liver metabolism and promotes mitochondrial biogenesis of female offspring in a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high-risk for metabolic complications in offspring. However, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic disorders and is recommended in GDM treatment. This study aimed to investigate whether gestational exercise (GE) could modulate maternal high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet-related hepatic metabolic and mitochondrial outcomes in female offspring of mothers with HFHS-induced GDM. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with control or HFHS diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Their female offspring were fed with control diet and kept sedentary. Hepatic lipid accumulation, lipid metabolism regulators, mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers, and microRNAs associated to the regulation of these markers were evaluated. Female offspring of GDM mothers showed increased body weight at early age, whereas GE prevented this effect of maternal HFHS-feeding and reduced hepatic lipid accumulation. GE stimulated hepatic mRNA transcription and protein expression of mitochondrial biogenesis markers (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma co-activator-1alpha and mitochondrial transcription factor A) and mRNA transcription of mitochondrial dynamics markers (mitofusin-1, mitofusin-2, and dynamin-related protein-1) that were altered by maternal GDM, while mitochondrial dynamics markers protein expression was not affected by maternal diet/GE except for optic atrophy-1. MicroRNAs associated with these processes (miR-122, miR-34a, miR-130b, miR-494), and the expression of auto/mitophagy- and apoptosis-related proteins were not substantially influenced by altered intrauterine environment. Our findings suggest that GE is an important regulator of the intrauterine environment positively affecting liver metabolism and promoting liver mitochondrial biogenesis in female offspring despite eventual effects of maternal HFHS-feeding and related GDM. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Surgical Stress and Cancer Progression: New Findings and Future Perspectives; Purpose of Review: The stress response to surgery is essential for maintaining homeostasis and exhibits anti-tumor effects; however, an ongoing and exaggerated stress response may have adverse clinical consequences and even promote cancer progression. This review will discuss the complex relationship between surgical stress and cancer progression. Recent Findings: Surgical stress exhibits both anti-tumor and cancer-promoting effects by causing changes in the neuroendocrine, circulatory, and immune systems. Many studies have found that many mechanisms are involved in the process, and the corresponding targets could be applied for cancer therapy. Summary: Although surgical stress may have anti-tumor effects, it is necessary to inhibit an excessive stress response, mostly showing cancer-promoting effects. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Early postnatal exposure of rat pups to methylglyoxal induces oxidative stress, inflammation and dysmetabolism at adulthood; This work aimed to investigate the effects of early progeny exposure to methylglyoxal (MG), programming for metabolic dysfunction and diabetes-like complications later in life. At delivery (PN1), the animals were separated into two groups: control group (CO), treated with saline, and MG group, treated with MG (20 mg/kg of BW; i.p.) during the first 2 weeks of the lactation period. In vivo experiments and tissue collection were done at PN90. Early MG exposure decreased body weight, adipose tissue, liver and kidney weight at adulthood. On the other hand, MG group showed increased relative food intake, blood fructosamine, blood insulin and HOMA-IR, which is correlated with insulin resistance. Besides, MG-treated animals presented dyslipidaemia, increased oxidative stress and inflammation. Likewise, MG group showed steatosis and perivascular fibrosis in the liver, pancreatic islet hypertrophy, increased glomerular area and pericapsular fibrosis, but reduced capsular space. This study shows that early postnatal exposure to MG induces oxidative stress, inflammation and fibrosis markers in pancreas, liver and kidney, which are related to metabolic dysfunction features. Thus, nutritional disruptors during lactation period may be an important risk factor for metabolic alterations at adulthood. © 2022 The Author(s).
The new exploration of pure total flavonoids extracted from Citrus maxima (Burm.) Merr. as a new therapeutic agent to bring health benefits for people; The peel and fruit of Citrus varieties have been a raw material for some traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). Pure total flavonoids from Citrus maxima (Burm.) Merr. (PTFC), including naringin, hesperidin, narirutin, and neohesperidin, have been attracted increasing attention for their multiple clinical efficacies. Based on existing in vitro and in vivo research, this study systematically reviewed the biological functions of PTFC and its components in preventing or treating liver metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, intestinal barrier dysfunction, as well as malignancies. PTFC and its components are capable of regulating glycolipid metabolism, blocking peroxidation and persistent inflammation, inhibiting tumor progression, protecting the integrity of intestinal barrier and positively regulating intestinal microbiota, while the differences in fruit cultivation system, picking standard, manufacturing methods, delivery system and individual intestinal microecology will have impact on the specific therapeutic effect. Thus, PTFC is a promising drug for the treatment of some chronic diseases, as well as continuous elaborate investigations are necessary to improve its effectiveness and bioavailability. Copyright © 2022 Ding, Wang, Pang, Zhang, Qian, Jia, Chen, Ruan and Sun.
Intake of ultra-processed foods and asthenozoospermia odds: A hospital-based case-control study; Background: The intake of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) has increased rapidly in recent years. Evidence has suggested that UPFs has adverse effects on several health outcomes. This study aimed to first evaluate the association between the intake of UPFs and asthenozoospermia odds. Methods: A hospital-based case-control study including 549 cases and 581 controls was performed in the infertility clinics of Shengjing Hospital of China Medical University from June 2020 to December 2020. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Food items were categorized by the NOVA classification system based on the degree of processing. Semen parameters were analyzed according to the World Health Organization guidelines. Results: The highest tertile of UPFs intake (% of total energy intake) was positively associated with the odds of asthenozoospermia (odds ratio [OR] = 1.53; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12, 2.10; P for trend < 0.05), compared with the lowest tertile. Similar patterns were also found in subgroup analyses among participants with age ≥32 years (OR = 1.58; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.40), BMI ≥ 24 kg/m2 (OR = 1.52; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.22), ever cigarette smoking (OR = 1.78; 95% CI: 1.14, 2.79), and ever alcohol drinking (OR = 1.65; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.72), and in sensitivity analyses by using absolute amount (g/day) to calculate the intake of UPFs. Conclusion: Higher consumption of UPFs was positively associated with the odds of asthenozoospermia. More studies are needed to confirm our findings. Copyright © 2022 Lv, Wu, Wang, Du, Liu, Guo, Leng, Pan and Zhao.
Maternal intake of fructose or artificial sweetener during pregnancy and lactation has persistent effects on metabolic and reproductive health of dams post-weaning; As rates of obesity, diabetes, and related comorbidities have increased, the consumption of artificial sweeteners (ASs) as sugar substitutes has also risen in popularity as they are perceived as a healthier alternative to sugar sweetened products. However, there is conflicting evidence regarding the impact of AS intake on metabolic and reproductive health. Glucose intolerance during pregnancy due to intake of sugar sweetened foods can result in an increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes post-pregnancy. However, limited information exists on the impact of AS intake during pregnancy and lactation on the mother's health in later life. We hypothesised both AS and fructose would impair metabolic health post-partum (PP) following maternal consumption during pregnancy and lactation. Female C57Bl/6 mice received a standard control diet ad libitum with either water (CD), fructose (Fr; 34.7 mm intake), or AS (AS;12.5 mm Acesulfame-K) throughout pregnancy and lactation. Post-weaning, AS and Fr dams were fed the CD diet for the remainder of the experiment. Oral glucose tolerance tests were undertaken 8 weeks PP and dams were humanely killed at 9 weeks PP, with adipose tissue and ovaries collected for analysis. Experimental diets did not influence maternal bodyweight. At 8 weeks PP, increased glucose intolerance was evident in both AS and Fr dams. Adipocyte size was significantly increased in both the AS and Fr groups PP. Further, in the ovary, AS increased expression of genes associated with follicular development and ovulation. Therefore, ASs may not represent beneficial substitutes to fructose during pregnancy, with the potential to increase the risk of T2DM in later life in mothers.  ©
Developmental origins of adult diseases; The occurrence and mechanisms of developmental adult diseases have gradually attracted attention in recent years. Exposure of gametes and embryos to adverse environments, especially during plastic development, can alter the expression of certain tissue-specific genes, leading to increased susceptibility to certain diseases in adulthood, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, neuropsychiatric, and reproductive system diseases, etc. The occurrence of chronic disease in adulthood is partly due to genetic factors, and the remaining risk is partly due to environmental-dependent epigenetic information alteration, including DNA methylation, histone modifications, and noncoding RNAs. Changes in this epigenetic information potentially damage our health, which has also been supported by numerous epidemiological and animal studies in recent years. Environmental factors functionally affect embryo development through epimutation, transmitting diseases to offspring and even later generations. This review mainly elaborated on the concept of developmental origins of adult diseases, and revealed the epigenetic mechanisms underlying these events, discussed the theoretical basis for the prevention and treatment of related diseases.  © 2022 the author(s), published by De Gruyter, Berlin/Boston.
Milk Exosomal microRNAs: Postnatal Promoters of β Cell Proliferation but Potential Inducers of β Cell De-Differentiation in Adult Life; Pancreatic β cell expansion and functional maturation during the birth-to-weaning period is driven by epigenetic programs primarily triggered by growth factors, hormones, and nutrients provided by human milk. As shown recently, exosomes derived from various origins interact with β cells. This review elucidates the potential role of milk-derived exosomes (MEX) and their microRNAs (miRs) on pancreatic β cell programming during the postnatal period of lactation as well as during continuous cow milk exposure of adult humans to bovine MEX. Mechanistic evidence suggests that MEX miRs stimulate mTORC1/c-MYC-dependent postnatal β cell proliferation and glycolysis, but attenuate β cell differentiation, mitochondrial function, and insulin synthesis and secretion. MEX miR content is negatively affected by maternal obesity, gestational diabetes, psychological stress, caesarean delivery, and is completely absent in infant formula. Weaning-related disappearance of MEX miRs may be the critical event switching β cells from proliferation to TGF-β/AMPK-mediated cell differentiation, whereas continued exposure of adult humans to bovine MEX miRs via intake of pasteurized cow milk may reverse β cell differentiation, promoting β cell de-differentiation. Whereas MEX miR signaling supports postnatal β cell proliferation (diabetes prevention), persistent bovine MEX exposure after the lactation period may de-differentiate β cells back to the postnatal phenotype (diabetes induction). © 2022 by the authors.
Comparison of dietary and physical activity behaviors in women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 39 471 women; BACKGROUND: Lifestyle (dietary and/or physical activity [PA]) modification is recommended as first-line therapy to manage polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Current recommendations are based on healthy lifestyle practices for the general public since evidence for unique lifestyle approaches in PCOS is limited and low quality. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: We aimed to synthesize evidence on dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and those without PCOS. Primary outcomes were overall diet quality, total energy intake and total PA, and secondary outcomes included macronutrients, micronutrients, food groups, foods, glycemic indices, sedentary time and sitting levels. We conducted this work to identify any unique lifestyle behaviors in women with PCOS that could underlie the propensity of weight gain and obesity in PCOS and be targeted for precision nutrition and PA interventions. These findings could be used to inform future practice recommendations and research that more effectively address complications (weight gain, obesity, diabetes, infertility, cardiovascular disease and mental health) in this high-risk population. SEARCH METHODS: Databases of MEDLINE, Web of Science, Scopus and CINAHL were searched until 15 February 2022 to identify observational studies documenting dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and without PCOS (Controls). Studies on children, adolescents (<18 years), pregnant or menopausal-aged women (>50 years) were excluded. Data were pooled by random-effects models and expressed as (standardized) mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs. The risk of bias was assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). OUTCOMES: Fifty-four studies (N = 39 471 participants; [n = 8736 PCOS; 30 735 Controls]) were eligible (96%; [52/54] NOS scores ≥ 7). Women with PCOS had higher cholesterol (MD: 12.78, 95% CI: 1.48 to 24.08 mg/day; P = 0.03; I2 = 19%), lower magnesium (MD: -21.46, 95% CI: -41.03 to -1.91 mg/day; P = 0.03; I2 = 76%), and a tendency for lower zinc (MD: -1.08, 95% CI: -2.19 to 0.03 mg/day; P = 0.05; I2 = 96%) intake, despite lower alcohol consumption (MD: -0.95, 95% CI: -1.67 to -0.22 g/day; P = 0.02; I2 = 0%) versus Controls. Also, women with PCOS had lower total PA (standardized mean difference: -0.38, 95% CI: -0.72 to -0.03; P = 0.03; I2 = 98%). Conversely, energy, macronutrients (carbohydrate, fat, protein, fiber), micronutrients (folic acid, iron, calcium, sodium), glycemic index and glycemic load were similar (all: P ≥ 0.06). Most eligible studies reported lower total adherence to healthy eating patterns or poorer consumption of major food groups (grains, fruits, vegetables, proteins, seeds, nuts, dairy) in women with PCOS, as described narratively since variable study methodology did not permit meta-analyses. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: Collective evidence supports that women with PCOS have a lower overall diet quality, poorer dietary intakes (higher cholesterol, lower magnesium and zinc) and lower total PA, despite lower alcohol consumption versus those without PCOS. Considerable heterogeneity among studies reinforces the need for research to address any relative contributions of other factors (e.g. genetic, metabolic or sociodemographic) to the observed differences. These clarifications may contribute to future evidence-based guideline recommendations on monitoring and managing PCOS in the era of precision lifestyle medicine.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Fetuin-A and Its Association with Anthropometric, Atherogenic, and Biochemical Parameters and Indices among Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) contributes to metabolic and endocrine complications for women of reproductive age. We set out to assess the relationship between fetuin-A and anthropometric parameters, anthropometric indices, body composition, and atherogenic indices, as well as carbohydrate and lipid profile in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods. The study included 49 women with PCOS, aged between 18 and 39 years. All patients were tested for fetuin-A, fasting glucose and insulin, and lipid parameters, after oral-glucose administration were done. All of them underwent anthropometric measurements and body composition analyses such as BMI (Body Mass Index), WHR (Waist to Hip Ratio), WHtR (Waist to Height Ratio), BAI (Body Adiposity Index), VAI (Visceral Adiposity Index), LAP (Lipid Accumulation Product), BRI (Body Roundness Index), ABSI (A Body Shape Index), ABSI z-core (ABSI with added mortality risk in correlation with age and gender), AIP (Atherogenic Risk of Plasma), AC (Atherogenic Coefficient), Castelli risk index-I, and Castelli risk index-II. Results: Obesity was diagnosed in 18 patients (36.7%) based on BMI index and 7 patients (14.3%) based on BAI index. Significantly increased risk of metabolic complications was observed among 26 patients (53.1%) based on waist circumferences. Based on VAI index, risk of metabolic disease was observed among 17 women (34.7%). Dyslipidemia such as hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and mixed hyperlipidemia was detected among 14 patients (28.6%), and insulin resistance was observed among 29 (59.2%). There was a positive correlation between fetuin-A and total cholesterol (r = 0.30, p = 0.0034). There was no statistically significant correlation between fetuin-A and all of the anthropometric measurements and anthropometric indices, atherogenic indices, and other biochemical parameters. Conclusion: Fetuin-A correlates with hypercholesterolemia. It is necessary to conduct further research regarding the relationship between fetuin-A concentrations and body composition, anthropometric indices, and metabolic disorders in women with PCOS. Surprisingly, the effects of concentration of fetuin-A and anthropometric indices (BAI, VAI, LAP, ABSI, ABSI z-core) in woman with PCOS have not been closely examined. Future studies that take these variables into account will need to be undertaken. More information on the relationship between fetuin-A concentrations and anthropometric indices would aid us in establishing a greater degree of accuracy on this matter. © 2022 by the authors.
Long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes; A growing body of literature highlights the importance of recognizing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as cardiovascular risk factors when risk stratifying women for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a comprehensive review of the long term cardiovascular consequences associated with APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm delivery, gestational diabetes (GDM), low birth weight and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy using electronic databases, PubMed and the Cochrane Library. Women with pregnancies complicated by HDP, preterm birth, and low birth weight are at higher risk of developing CVD than were women without APOs in the years following pregnancy. Among women with a history of multiple APOs, HDP and GDM are independent risk factors for atherosclerotic CVD. The pathophysiology leading to CVD is multifactorial, and includes both physiologic and environmental factors. APOs should be accounted for in a women's CVD risk assessment and stratification as recommended by prevention guidelines. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms that lead to the increased risk of CVD in women with APOs. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Obesity and Adipose Tissue Dysfunction: From Pediatrics to Adults; Obesity is a growing health problem that affects both children and adults. The increasing prevalence of childhood obesity is associated with comorbidities such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome due to chronic low-grade inflammation present at early stages of the disease. In pediatric patients suffering from obesity, the role of epigenetics, the gut microbiome and intrauterine environment have emerged as causative factors Interestingly, pediatric obesity is strongly associated with low birth weight. Accelerated weight gain oftentimes occurs in these individuals during the post-natal period, which can lead to increased risk of adiposity and metabolic disease. The pathophysiology of obesity is complex and involves biological and physiological factors compounded by societal factors such as family and community. On a cellular level, adipocytes contained within adipose tissue become dysregulated and further contribute to development of comorbidities similar to those present in adults with obesity. This review provides an overview of the current understanding of adipose tissue immune, inflammatory and metabolic adaptation of the adipose tissue in obesity. Early cellular changes as well as the role of immune cells and inflammation on the progression of disease in pivotal pediatric clinical trials, adult studies and mouse models are emphasized. Understanding the initial molecular and cellular changes that occur during obesity can facilitate new and improved treatments aimed at early intervention and subsequent prevention of adulthood comorbidities. © 2022 by the authors.
Targeted biomarkers of progression in chronic kidney disease; Background: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an increasingly significant health issue worldwide. Early stages of CKD can be asymptomatic and disease trajectory difficult to predict. Not every-one with CKD progresses to kidney failure, where kidney replacement therapy is the only life-sustaining therapy. Predicting which patients will progress to kidney failure would allow better use of targeted treatments and more effective allocation of health resources. Current diagnostic tests to identify patients with progressive disease perform poorly but there is a suite of new and emerging predictive biomarkers with great clinical promise. Methods: This narrative review describes new and emerging biomarkers of pathophysiologic processes of CKD development and progression, accessible in blood or urine liquid biopsies. Biomarkers were selected based on their reported pathobiological functions in kidney injury, inflammation, oxidative stress, repair and fibrosis. Biomarker function and evidence of involvement in CKD development and progression are reported. Conclusion: Many biomarkers reviewed here have received little attention to date, perhaps because of conflicting conclusions of their utility in CKD. The functional roles of the selected biomarkers in the underlying pathobiology of progression of CKD are a powerful rationale for advancing and validating these molecules as prognosticators and predictors of CKD trajectory. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Nutrient composition influences the gut microbiota in chronic thoracic spinal cord-injured rats; Chronic spinal cord injury (SCI) results in an increased predisposition to various metabolic problems that can be exacerbated by con-suming a diet rich in calories and saturated fat. In addition, gastrointestinal symptoms have been reported after SCI, including intestinal dysbiosis of the gut microbiome. The effects of both diet and SCI on the gut microbiome of adult male Long Evans rats euthanized 16 wk after injury were investigated. The rats were either thoracic spinal contused or received sham procedures. After 12 wk of either a low-fat or high-fat diet, cecal contents were analyzed, revealing significant microbial changes to every taxonomic level below the kingdom level. Shannon a diversity analyses demonstrated a significant difference in diversity between the groups based on the surgical condition of the rats. SCI produced a unique signature of changes in commensal bacteria that were significantly different than Sham. Specific changes in commensal bacteria as a result of diet manipulation had high fidelity with reports in the literature, such as Clostridia, Thiohalorhabdales, and Pseudomonadales. In addition, novel changes in commensal bacteria were identified that are unique dietary influences on SCI. Linear regression analysis on body fat and lean mass showed that a consequence of chronic SCI produces uncoupled associations between some commensal bacteria and body composition. In conclusion, despite tightly con-trolling the protein content and varying the carbohydrate and fat contents, Sham and SCI rats respond uniquely to diet. These data provide potential direction for therapeutic modulation of the microbiome to improve health and wellness following SCI. © 2022 the American Physiological Society.
Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) in vascular inflammatory diseases: A narrative review; Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) also known as amino oxidase copper containing 3 (AOC3) is a proinflammatory and versatile molecule with adhesive and enzymatic properties. VAP-1 is a primary amine oxidase belonging to the semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) family, which catalyzes the oxidation of primary amines leading to the production of ammonium, formaldehyde, methylglyoxal, and hydrogen peroxide. VAP-1 is mainly expressed by endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, adipocytes and pericytes. It is involved in a repertoire of biological functions, e.g., immune cell extravasation, angiogenesis, and vascularization. Research into VAP-1 has intensified within the last decade on its role as a novel clinical biomarker and as a potential therapeutic target of vascular inflammatory disorders such as atherosclerosis, stroke, diabetes, neurovascular disorders (e.g., Alzheimer's Disease), hepatic disease (e.g., non-alcoholic steatohepatitis), and skin conditions (e.g., psoriasis). This is the most up-to-date and comprehensive review on VAP-1 focusing on the translational aspects of VAP-1. Compared to recent reviews, our review provides novel insights on VAP-1 and heart failure, stroke and frailty, diabetes, endometriosis, osteoarthritis, COVID-19, conjunctivitis associated systemic lupus erythematosus, hematopoietic stem cells, gliomas, treatment of colorectal cancer with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (U-V269), promoting recovery of motor functions and habit learning with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (PXS-4681A), and 68Ga-DOTA-Siglec-9, a labelled peptide of Siglec-9 (a VAP-1 ligand), which appears to be a safe PET tracer for inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis. Finally, we present the emerging role of VAP-1 in pregnancy as a gatekeeper of immune cells, which are critical for spiral arterial remodeling, the deficiency of which could lead to vascular disorders of pregnancy such as preeclampsia. Future research should prioritize clinical trials on VAP-1 small-molecule inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, thus, maximizing the potential of VAP-1 targeted therapy as well as research into sVAP-1 as a clinical biomarker of diseases and its prognosis. © 2022 Hogrefe Verlag GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
Exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and high-fat diet consumption after weaning in rats: repercussions on periovarian adipose tissue; Clinical and epidemiological studies show that maternal hyperglycemia can change the programming of offspring leading to transgenerational effects. These changes may be related to environmental factors, such as high-fat diet (HFD) consumption, and contribute to the comorbidity onset at the adulthood of the offspring. The objective of this study was to evaluate the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment, associated or not with an HFD administered from weaning to adult life on the periovarian adipose tissue of rat offspring Maternal diabetes was chemically induced by Streptozotocin. Female offsprings were randomly distributed into four experimental groups (n = 5 animals/group): Female offspring from control or diabetic mothers and fed an HFD or standard diet. HFD was prepared with lard enrichment and given from weaning to adulthood. On day 120 of life, the rats were anesthetized and sacrificed to obtain adipose tissue samples. Then, the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and HFD fed after weaning caused a higher body weight, total fat, and periovarian fat in adult offspring, which could compromise the future reproductive function of these females. These rats showed higher adiposity index and adipocyte area, contributing to hypertrophied adipose tissue. Therefore, maternal diabetes itself causes intergenerational changes and, in association with the HFD consumption after weaning, exacerbated the changes in the adipose tissue of adult female offspring. © 2022 The Author(s).
Dietary Risk Factors and Eating Behaviors in Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD); Dietary risk factors play a fundamental role in the prevention and progression of atherosclerosis and PAD (Peripheral Arterial Disease). The impact of nutrition, however, defined as the process of taking in food and using it for growth, metabolism and repair, remains undefined with regard to PAD. This article describes the interplay between nutrition and the development/progression of PAD. We reviewed 688 articles, including key articles, narrative and systematic reviews, meta-analyses and clinical studies. We analyzed the interaction between nutrition and PAD predictors, and subsequently created four descriptive tables to summarize the relationship between PAD, dietary risk factors and outcomes. We comprehensively reviewed the role of well-studied diets (Mediterranean, vegetarian/vegan, low-carbohydrate ketogenic and intermittent fasting diet) and prevalent eating behaviors (emotional and binge eating, night eating and sleeping disorders, anorexia, bulimia, skipping meals, home cooking and fast/ultra-processed food consumption) on the traditional risk factors of PAD. Moreover, we analyzed the interplay between PAD and nutritional status, nutrients, dietary patterns and eating habits. Dietary patterns and eating disorders affect the development and progression of PAD, as well as its disabling complications including major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and major adverse limb events (MALE). Nutrition and dietary risk factor modification are important targets to reduce the risk of PAD as well as the subsequent development of MACE and MALE. © 2022 by the authors.
High-normal liver enzyme levels in early pregnancy predispose the risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia: A prospective cohort study; Background: Gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE) are severe adverse gestational complications. Previous studies supported potential link between elevated liver enzyme levels and GH and PE. However, given the transient physiological reduction of liver enzyme levels in pregnancy, little is known whether the associations of the high-normal liver enzyme levels in early pregnancy with GH and PE exist in pregnant women. Methods: Pregnant women in this study came from a sub-cohort of Shanghai Preconception Cohort, who were with four liver enzyme levels examined at 9–13 gestational weeks and without established liver diseases, hypertension and preeclampsia. After exclusion of pregnant women with clinically-abnormal liver enzyme levels in the current pregnancy, associations of liver enzyme levels, including alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), with GH and PE status were assessed by multivariable log-binomial regression. Population attributable fraction was measured to estimate the fractions of GH and PE that were attributable to the high-normal liver enzyme levels. Results: Among 5,685 pregnant women 160 (2.8%) and 244 (4.3%) developed GH and PE, respectively. After adjustment for potential covariates, higher ALP, ALT and GGT levels were significantly associated with the risk of GH (adjusted risk ratio (aRR):1.21 [95% confidence interval, 1.05–1.38]; 1.21 [1.05–1.38]; and 1.23 [1.09–1.39]), as well as the risk of PE(1.21 [1.13–1.29]; 1.15 [1.03–1.28]; 1.28 [1.16–1.41]), respectively. The cumulative population attributable fraction of carrying one or more high-normal liver enzyme levels (at 80th percentile or over) was 31.4% for GH and 23.2% for PE, respectively. Conclusion: Higher ALT, ALP and GGT levels within the normal range in early pregnancy are associated with increased risk of GH and PE. The documented associations provide new insight to the role of hepatobiliary function in GH and PE pathogenesis. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Sheng, Wang, Chen, Jiang, Dou, Wang, Li, Chen, He, Yan and Huang.
Role of serum adropin as a novel biomarker in primary knee osteoarthritis patients: Relation to the functional status, radiographic grading and ultrasonographic findings; Background: Knee osteoarthritis (KOA) may lead to disabilities and affect work and daily activities. There is no specific blood test for its early diagnosis. Serum adropin is however a promising biomarker. Aim of the work: To determine the levels of serum adropin in primary KOA andassess its relation with the different radiographic grades of the disease. Patients and methods: A total of 40 primary KOA patients (64 affected knees) and 20 healthy control participated in this study. KOA grades was assessed using ultrasonography (US) and X-ray according to KL grading system. Serum adropin levels were measured. Results: KOA was bilateral in 24 (60%) patients and knee effusion was present in 46 knees (71.9%). Serum adropin level in KOA patients (46.3 ± 27.9 pg/ml) was significantly lower than in controls (76.5 ± 27.2 pg/ml) (p < 0.00001). Serum adropin was lower in females than in males in patients (40.2 ± 17.7 pg/ml vs 75.2 ± 47.2 pg/ml; p = 0.0016). Serum adropin has significant negative correlation with the KL radiographic grading (r = -0.54, p = 0.0003).At cut off value of 54 and an AUC = 0.85, serum adropin could significantly distinguish between patients and controls (p < 0.05) at a sensitivity of 80%, specificity 90%. Conclusions: Serum adropin levels were significantly low in KOA patients with specificity of 90% and sensitivity of 80%, with a negative significant correlations with the degree of radiographic severity evaluated by KL grading scale and ultrasound. These findings suggest that low serum adropin levels could be a sensitive and specific test for the detection of KOA. © 2022 Egyptian Society for Joint Diseases and Arthritis
Altered Circulating Leptin, hGH, and IGF-I in Prediabetes and Screening-Diagnosed T2DM Unrelated to Metabolic Syndrome in Women Post Gestational Diabetes; Recently, we proposed two pathophysiologic subtypes of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), one related and one unrelated to metabolic syndrome. To begin to understand the pathophysiology of the subtype unrelated to metabolic syndrome, we now measured selected hormones and signaling molecules in affected individuals. In this cross-sectional analysis, we examined 138 women out of the monocenter, post gestational diabetes study PPSDiab. Of these women, 73 had prediabetes or screening-diagnosed T2DM, 40 related to metabolic syndrome and 33 unrelated. The remaining 65 women were normoglycemic controls. Our analysis included medical history, anthropometrics, oral glucose tolerance testing, laboratory chemistry, and cardiopulmonary exercise testing. In addition, plasma proinsulin/insulin ratio, growth hormone (hGH) nadir during oral glucose tolerance testing, Insulin-like Growth Factor I (IGF-I), Leptin, Resistin, Adiponectin, Fetuin-a, FGF21, and myostatin were measured. Compared to controls, women with prediabetes or screening-diagnosed T2DM unrelated to metabolic syndrome depicted higher plasma Leptin [10.47(6.6-14.57) vs. 5.52(3.15-10.02); p<0.0001] and IGF-I [193.01(171.00-213.30) vs. 167.97(138.77-200.64); p=0.0008], as well as a lower hGH nadir [0.07(0.05-0.15) vs. 0.14(0.08-0.22; p<0.0001]. These differences were independent of body adiposity. Women with prediabetes or T2DM related to metabolic syndrome, in comparison to controls, displayed elevated Leptin, Fetuin-a, and FGF21, as well as reduced Adiponectin and hGH nadir. Based on our study, altered Leptin and hGH/IGF-I signaling could potentially contribute to the pathophysiology of prediabetes and T2DM unrelated to metabolic syndrome. Further mechanistic investigations of these signaling pathways in the context of lean T2DM are necessary to test causal relationships. © 2022 by the Author(s).
Crosstalk between the liver and kidney in diabetic nephropathy; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a serious complication of diabetes, and its pathogenesis has not been fully elucidated. Recently, communication between organs has gradually become a new focus in the study of diseases pathogenesis, and abnormal interorgan communication has been proven to be involved in the occurrence and progression of many diseases. As an important metabolic organ in the human body, the liver plays an important role in maintaining homeostasis in humans. The liver secretes a series of proteins called hepatokines that affect adjacent and distal organs through paracrine or endocrine signaling pathways. In this review, we summarize some of the hepatokines identified to date and describe their roles in DN to discuss the possibility that the liver-renal axis is potentially useful as a therapeutic target for DN. We summarize the important hepatokines identified thus far and discuss their relationship with DN. We propose for the first time that the “liver-renal axis” is a potential therapeutic target in individuals with DN. © 2022
Probiotic therapy, a novel and efficient adjuvant approach to improve glycemic status: An umbrella meta-analysis; Background: Probiotics exert several promoting effects on the glycemic status, however, the results of meta-analyses are inconsistent. we conducted an umbrella meta-analysis, across existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses of clinical trials to determine the definite effects of supplementation with probiotics on glycemic indices. Methods: A comprehensive systematic search of PubMed/Medline, Scopus, EMBASE, and Web of Science was carried out till August 2021. The random-effects model was employed to conduct meta-analysis. Meta-analysis studies of randomized clinical trials examining the impacts of probiotics supplementation on glycemic indices were qualified in the current umbrella meta-analysis. Results: 48 articles out of 693 in the literature search qualified for inclusion in the umbrella meta-analysis. Pooled effects of probiotics on fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and insulin levels were reported in articles 45, 21, 35, and 33, respectively. The analysis indicated a significant decrease of FPG (ES= −0.51 mg/dL; 95% CI: −0.63, −0.38, p < 0.001), HbA1c (ES = −0.32 mg/dL; 95% CI: −0.44, −0.20, p < 0.001), HOMA-IR (ES= −0.56; 95% CI: −0.66, −0.47, p < 0.001), and insulin levels (ES= −1.09 IU/mL; 95% CI: −1.37, −0.81, p = 0.006) by probiotics supplementation. Conclusion: Probiotics have amending effects on FPG, HbA1c, HOMA-IR, and insulin levels. A < 8-week period of probiotic supplementation in the moderate dosages (108 or 109 CFU) is an efficacious approach in improving glycemic parameters. Overall, probiotics could be recommended as an adjuvant anti-hyperglycemic agent. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The LDL receptor: Traffic and function in trophoblast cells under normal and pathological conditions; During pregnancy, the developing foetus requires large amounts of cholesterol from the maternal plasma, which is mediated by proteins such as the receptor for low-density lipoproteins (LDLR). The quantity of LDLR available in the syncytiotrophoblast plasma membrane is an important factor for the uptake, metabolism, and transfer of cholesterol to foetal circulation. Because of the relevance of this receptor for cellular and systemic cholesterol metabolism in non-placental cells, the study of mechanisms associated with LDLR trafficking, such as the availability in the cell membrane, endocytosis, recycling, sorting, and degradation, have been extensively studied. Multiple protein groups are required for proper LDL/LDLR trafficking. Changes in the function of these proteins are related to hypercholesterolemia, the main risk factor associated with cardiovascular disease. It is well known that the placenta plays an essential role as a barrier between maternal lipids and the foetus and that imbalances in maternal cholesterol levels during pregnancy are frequent and associated with cardiovascular disease in the offspring. However, there is little information regarding lipoprotein trafficking in this system. In this review, we summarize the available information on LDLR trafficking, emphasizing the few reports related to receptor biology in placental cells from normal and pathological pregnancies. We conclude that extensive research on the cell biology of the placenta is required to unravel the endocytic trafficking of proteins such as LDLR in a highly specialized cell such as the syncytiotrophoblast. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Efficacy of the omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers: An umbrella meta-analysis; Background: Existing meta-analyses on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their anti-inflammatory effects have reported uncertain findings. The current umbrella meta-analysis aimed to assess the findings of multiple meta-analyses on the efficacy of n-3 PUFAs on inflammatory biomarkers in adults with different health conditions. Methods: Using suitable keywords, articles published until December 2021 were searched in PubMed/Medline, Web of Science, Scopus, EMBASE, and Google Scholar. Meta-analyses investigating the impact of supplementation of n-3 PUFAs on inflammatory biomarkers in adults were included. We performed this meta-analysis using a random-effects model. Results: Overall, 32 meta-analyses were qualified in this umbrella meta-analysis. Our findings demonstrated that the n-3 PUFA supplementation significantly reduced serum C-reactive protein (CRP) (ES = −0.40; 95 % CI: −0.56, −0.24, p < 0.001; I2 = 89.5 %, p < 0.001), Tumour necrosis factor α (TNFα) (ES = −0.23; 95 % CI: −0.37, −0.08, p = 0.002; I2 = 60.1 %, p < 0.001), and interleukin 6 (IL-6) concentrations (ES = −0.22; 95 % CI: −0.39, −0.05, p = 0.010; I2 = 66.2 %, p < 0.001). Conclusion: The current umbrella meta-analysis found that supplementation of n-3 PUFAs in adults can improve CRP, TNF-α, and IL-6 concentrations under various health conditions. n-3 PUFAs can be recommended as adjuvant anti-inflammatory agents. © 2022
An update on molecular mechanisms of curcumin effect on diabetes; Owing to its prevalent nature, diabetes mellitus has become one of the most serious endocrine illnesses affecting a patient's quality of life due to the manifestation of side effects such as cardiovascular diseases, retinopathy, neuropathy, and nephropathy. Curcumin ((1E, 6E) 21, 7-bis (4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-1,6-heptadiene-3,5-dione), a major compound of turmeric, has been used in conventional medicine because of its safe nature and cost-effectiveness to meliorate diabetes and its comorbidities. These effects have also been observed in rodent models of diabetes resulting in a reduction of glycemia and blood lipids. Both the preventive and therapeutic activities of this compound are due to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory characteristics. Furthermore, preclinical outcomes and clinical investigation demonstrate that the use of curcumin neutralizes insulin resistance, obesity, and hyperglycemia. Despite the many benefits of curcumin, its two limiting factors, solubility and bioavailability, remain a challenge for researchers; therefore, several methods such as drug formulation, nano-drug delivery, and the use of curcumin analogs have been developed to deliver curcumin and increase its bioavailability. Practical applications: The rise of people with type 2 diabetes has become a major concern at the global healthcare level. The best diabetes treatments today are anti-diabetic drug administration, lifestyle-related interventions (such as healthy eating and daily physical activity), arterial pressure detection, and fat control. The polyphenol curcumin, found in turmeric, can promote health by acting on a variety of cellular signaling pathways. This review article discusses curcumin and its role in the treatment of diabetes. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The mediating function of obesity on endocrine-disrupting chemicals and insulin resistance in children; Objectives: To explore the association of endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) with insulin resistance (IR) in children as well as whether obesity played a mediation role between EDCs and IR. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the data of 878 subjects were included, and divided into the non-IR group (n=501) and IR group (n=377). The associations of EDC and IR, obesity, abdominal obesity were shown by restricted cubic spline (RCS). Univariate and multivariable logistic analysis were applied to explore the associations between EDCs and IR as well as EDCs and obesity, respectively. Bootstrap coefficient product was used to analyze the medication effect of obesity on EDCs and IR. Results: RCS showed that increase of benzophenone-3 (BP-3) level was associated with increased risk of IR, obesity and abdominal obesity. After adjusting for confounders, BP-3>100 ng/mL was a risk factor for IR (OR=1.42, 95%CI: 1.11-1.81). In the adjusted model, we found BP-3>100 ng/mL was a risk factor for both obesity (OR=1.52, 95%CI: 1.13-2.04) and abdominal obesity (OR=1.68, 95%CI: 1.11-2.54). The indirect effect of obesity as a mediator on the relationship between BP-3 and IR was 0.038 (95%CI: 0.016-0.090) and the direct effect of obesity as a mediator on the relationship between BP-3 and IR was 0.077 (95%CI: 0.001-0.160). As for abdominal obesity, the indirect effect of it on the relationship between BP-3 and IR was 0.039 (95%CI: 0.007-0.070). Conclusions: BP-3 level might be a risk factor for IR and obesity in children, and obesity was a mediator on the relationship between BP-3 and IR in children.  © 2022 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Deletion of serine racemase reverses neuronal insulin signaling inhibition by amyloid-β oligomers; Dysregulation of insulin signaling in the Alzheimer's disease (AD) brain has been extensively reported. Serine racemase (SR) modulates insulin secretion in pancreatic islets. This study aimed to examine whether SR regulates insulin synthesis and secretion in neurons, thereby modulating insulin signaling in the AD brain. Srr-knockout (Srr−/−) mice generated with the CRISPR/Cas9 technique were used. Using immunofluorescence and fluorescence in situ hybridization, levels of insulin protein and insulin(ins2) mRNA were significantly increased in the hippocampal but not in hypothalamic sections of Srr−/− mice compared with WT mice. Real-time quantitative PCR revealed that ins2 mRNA from primary hippocampal neuronal cultures of Srr−/− mice was significantly increased compared with that from cultured neurons of WT mice. Notably, the secretion of proinsulin C-peptide was increased in Srr−/− neurons relative to WT neurons. By examining membrane fractional proteins with immunoblotting, Srr−/− neurons retained ATP-dependent potassium channels on plasmalemma and correspondingly contained higher levels of p-AMPK. After treatment with Aβ42, the phosphorylation levels of insulin receptor substrate at serine 616 636 (p-IRS1ser616,636) were significantly lower, whereas p-AKT308 and p-AKT473 were higher in Srr−/− neurons than in WT neurons, respectively. The phosphorylated form of c-Jun N-terminal kinase decreased in the cultured Srr−/− neurons relative to the WT neurons upon Aβ42 treatment. In contrast, phosphorylated protein kinase R remained at the same levels. Further, reactive oxygen species were reduced in cultured Srr−/− neurons under Aβ42 treatment relative to the WT neurons. Collectively, our study indicated that Srr deletion promoted insulin synthesis and secretion of proinsulin C-peptide, thereby reversing insulin resistance by Aβ42. This study suggests that targeting the neuronal SR may be utilized to enhance insulin signaling which is inhibited at the early stage of the AD brain. (Figure presented.) © 2022 International Society for Neurochemistry.
Early life programming of health and disease: The long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of overweight and obesity is rising in all parts of the world and, among young women, it presents a very clear danger during pregnancy. Women who are overweight or who gain excessive weight during pregnancy are at greater risk of complications in pregnancy and labour, and are more likely to lose their child to stillbirth or die themselves during pregnancy. This narrative review considers the evidence that, in addition to increasing risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, obesity has the capacity to programme foetuses to be at greater risk of cardiometabolic disorders later in life. An extensive body of evidence from prospective and retrospective cohorts, as well as record linkage studies, demonstrates associations of maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease, as well as type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Studies in animals suggest that these associations are underpinned by adaptations that occur in foetal life, which remodel the structures of major organs, including the brain, kidney and pancreas. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Dietetic Association.
Dietary bile acids supplementation mainly regulates the amino acid metabolic pathways without decreasing bile acids levels in the liver of farmed European eel (Anguilla anguilla) juveniles; This study was conducted to investigate the effects of dietary bile acids (BAs) supplementation on the liver metabolism of farmed European eel (Anguilla anguilla) juveniles. Fish with similar body weight (140 g per fish) in six tanks (681.7 ± 22.7 kg fish per tank) were randomly divided into the control group fed a basal diet and the BAs group fed a basal diet supplemented with 500 mg/kg BAs. The experiment lasted for 15 weeks. The untargeted metabolomics method was used to evaluate global metabolic profiles, while the targeted metabolomics method was utilized for BAs profile analysis in the liver. Compared with the control group, there were 33 upregulated metabolites and 15 downregulated metabolites in the BAs group. The differential metabolites belonged to amino acids, carbohydrates, lipids, nucleotides, vitamins, etc. Among the top ten differential metabolic pathways affected by BAs supplementation, the main pathways were relevant to amino acids metabolisms. These included aminoacyl-tRNA biosynthesis, phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis, alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism, histidine metabolism, arginine and proline metabolism, beta-alanine metabolism, phenylalanine metabolism, D-glutamine and D-glutamate metabolism, sphingolipid metabolism, and pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis. Only the levels of deoxycholic acid, glycodeoxycholic acid, and glycoursodeoxycholic acid were significantly increased in the liver of the European eel in the BAs group (P < 0.05). These results indicated that exogenous bile acids might mainly regulate the metabolism of amino acids without decreasing the bile acids levels in the liver of farmed European eel juveniles. © 2022 The Authors
Maternal obesity and the impact of associated early-life inflammation on long-term health of offspring; The prevalence of obesity is increasingly common in the United States, with ~25% of women of reproductive age being overweight or obese. Metaflammation, a chronic low grade inflammatory state caused by altered metabolism, is often present in pregnancies complicated by obesity. As a result, the fetuses of mothers who are obese are exposed to an in-utero environment that has altered nutrients and cytokines. Notably, both human and preclinical studies have shown that children born to mothers with obesity have higher risks of developing chronic illnesses affecting various organ systems. In this review, the authors sought to present the role of cytokines and inflammation during healthy pregnancy and determine how maternal obesity changes the inflammatory landscape of the mother, leading to fetal reprogramming. Next, the negative long-term impact on offspring’s health in numerous disease contexts, including offspring’s risk of developing neuropsychiatric disorders (autism, attention deficit and hyperactive disorder), metabolic diseases (obesity, type 2 diabetes), atopy, and malignancies will be discussed along with the potential of altered immune/inflammatory status in offspring as a contributor of these diseases. Finally, the authors will list critical knowledge gaps in the field of developmental programming of health and diseases in the context of offspring of mothers with obesity, particularly the understudied role of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells. Copyright © 2022 Denizli, Capitano and Kua.
Effect of adipose-derived exosome and exosomal miRNA on glycolipid metabolism; Glucose and lipids are important nutrients because they provide enough energy for cell activity. However, the human body takes in too much glucose and lipids, will cause obesity, diabetes and some other metabolism diseases. Adipose tissue exerts crucial roles in regulating whole-body energy metabolic through its storage and secretion function. Exosomes are a family of extracellular vesicles released by all cell types that aid in cell-to-cell signal transmission, resulting in alteration of target cell phenotype and activity, particularly, under pathological conditions. Exosomes deliver information between cells by carrying certain cargos, such as, RNA, microRNA (miRNA), lipids and protein. In particular, the adipose tissue-derived miRNAs play an essential role in glycolipid metabolism. MiRNAs are intricately related to obesity, diabetes and other obesity-related metabolic diseases. Different miRNAs exhibit differential expression across disease states, and particular exosomal miRNAs can act as informative biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Hence, here, we present an updated extensive review of the significance of adipose-derived exosome and exosomal miRNA in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. © 2022 The Authors. Clinical and Translational Discovery published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Shanghai Institute of Clinical Bioinformatics.
PGC-1α activity and mitochondrial dysfunction in preterm infants; Extremely low gestational age neonates (ELGANs) are born in a relatively hyperoxic environment with weak antioxidant defenses, placing them at high risk for mitochondrial dysfunction affecting multiple organ systems including the nervous, respiratory, ocular, and gastrointestinal systems. The brain and lungs are highly affected by mitochondrial dysfunction and dysregulation in the neonate, causing white matter injury (WMI) and bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), respectively. Adequate mitochondrial function is important in providing sufficient energy for organ development as it relates to alveolarization and axonal myelination and decreasing oxidative stress via reactive oxygen species (ROS) and reactive nitrogen species (RNS) detoxification. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 alpha (PGC-1α) is a master regulator of mitochondrial biogenesis and function. Since mitochondrial dysfunction is at the root of WMI and BPD pathobiology, exploring therapies that can regulate PGC-1α activity may be beneficial. This review article describes several promising therapeutic agents that can mitigate mitochondrial dysfunction through direct and indirect activation and upregulation of the PGC-1α pathway. Metformin, resveratrol, omega 3 fatty acids, montelukast, L-citrulline, and adiponectin are promising candidates that require further pre-clinical and clinical studies to understand their efficacy in decreasing the burden of disease from WMI and BPD in preterm infants. Copyright © 2022 Mohammadi, Higazy and Gauda.
Improving the accuracy of fatty liver index to reflect liver fat content with predictive regression modelling; Background The fatty liver index (FLI) is frequently used as a non-invasive clinical marker for research, prognostic and diagnostic purposes. It is also used to stratify individuals with hepatic steatosis such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and to detect the presence of type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The FLI is calculated using a combination of anthropometric and blood biochemical variables; however, it reportedly excludes 8.5-16.7% of individuals with NAFLD. Moreover, the FLI cannot quantitatively predict liver fat, which might otherwise render an improved diagnosis and assessment of fatty liver, particularly in longitudinal studies. We propose FLI+ using predictive regression modelling, an improved index reflecting liver fat content that integrates 12 routinely-measured variables, including the original FLI. Methods and findings We evaluated FLI+ on a dataset from the UK Biobank containing 28,796 individual estimates of proton density fat fraction derived from magnetic resonance imaging across normal to severe levels and interpolated to align with the original FLI range. The results obtained for FLI+ outperform the original FLI by delivering a lower mean absolute error by approximately 47%, a lower standard deviation by approximately 20%, and an increased adjusted R2 statistic by approximately 49%, reflecting a more accurate representation of liver fat content. Conclusions Our proposed model predicting FLI+ has the potential to improve diagnosis and provide a more accurate stratification than FLI between absent, mild, moderate and severe levels of hepatic steatosis. © 2022 Asaturyan et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Incretins as a Potential Treatment Option for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disease affecting an increasing number of pregnant women around the world. It is not only associated with numerous perinatal complications but also has long-term consequences impacting maternal health and fetal development. To prevent them, it is important to keep glucose levels under control. As much as 15–30% of GDM patients will require treatment with insulin, metformin, or glyburide. With that in mind, it is crucial to keep searching for novel and improved pharmacotherapies. Nowadays, there are ongoing studies investigating the use of other groups of drugs that have proven successful in the treatment of T2DM. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor are among the drugs targeting the incretin system and are currently receiving significant attention. The aim of our review is to demonstrate the potential of these medications in treating GDM and preventing its later complications. It seems that both groups may be successful in the GDM management used alone or as an addition to better-known drugs, including metformin and glyburide. However, more clinical trials are needed to confirm their importance in GDM treatment and to demonstrate effective therapeutic strategies. © 2022 by the authors.
Recent advances in the managements of type 2 diabetes mellitus and natural hypoglycemic substances; Diabetes has become a global concern at present, among which type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) accounts for approximately 90 %–95 % of patients. T2DM is a type of metabolic disorder syndrome that results from a genetic defect, and it is based on insulin resistance and an insulin secretion disorder. The occurrence of T2DM is usually the outcome of both genetic and environmental factors and their interactions. The etiology and pathogenesis of diabetes have not been fully elucidated, and no radical therapeutic cure has been found. Patients with T2DM suffer from complications such as the development of a chronic hyperglycemic condition and even serious metabolic disorders and organ damage in the body and depression and dementia, in addition to other chronic complications. Many studies have suggested that diet is crucial in the development of diabetes and the control of blood glucose. Natural substances have the characteristics of low toxicity and few side effects and may be key to the development of diabetic health products and preventive treatments. This paper reviews the etiology, pathogenesis, risks, treatments and diets related to T2DM to summarize the types of recently available natural products, from both local and foreign sources, for lowering blood glucose at home and their application in supplementary hypoglycemic foods. The key findings and conclusions suggest that there are various known T2DM-inducing factors, including genetic and environmental factors and three types of hybrid factors. © 2022
The Utility of Capsicum annuum L. in Internal Medicine and In Dentistry: A Comprehensive Review; Capsaicin is a chili peppers extract, genus Capsicum, commonly used as a food spice. Since ancient times, Capsaicin has been used as a “homeopathic remedy” for treating a wild range of pathological conditions but without any scientific knowledge about its action. Several studies have demonstrated its potentiality in cardiovascular, nephrological, nutritional, and other medical fields. Capsaicin exerts its actions thanks to the bond with transient receptor potential vanilloid subtype 1 (TRPV1). TRPV1 is a nociceptive receptor, and its activation starts with a neurosensitive impulse, responsible for a burning pain sensation. However, constant local application of Capsaicin desensitized neuronal cells and leads to relief from neuropathic pain. In this review, we analyze the potential adjuvant role of Capsaicin in the treatment of different pathological conditions either in internal medicine or dentistry. Moreover, we present our experience in five patients affected by oro-facial pain consequent to post-traumatic trigeminal neuropathy, not responsive to any remedy, and successfully treated with topical application of Capsaicin. The topical application of Capsaicin is safe, effective, and quite tolerated by patients. For these reasons, in addition to the already-proven beneficial actions in the internal field, it represents a promising method for the treatment of neuropathic oral diseases. © 2022 by the authors.
Multiple perspectives reveal the gut toxicity of polystyrene microplastics on Eisenia fetida: Insights into community signatures of gut bacteria and their translocation; The gut is the primary pathway by which soil animals are exposed to microplastics (MPs). However, the gut toxicity of MPs has not been elucidated in earthworms. Herein, we aimed to study the gut toxicity (e.g., gut barrier dysfunction, gut bacterial translocation, and pathogen invasion) of polystyrene microplastics (PS-MPs) on Eisenia fetida and its relationship with gut bacteria. We found that PS-MPs exposure caused gut barrier damage to Eisenia fetida. This damage included apparent injury of gut epithelial cells and significantly lower transcription levels of genes coding for gut tight junction (TJ)-related proteins. We then observed significantly increased levels of bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and gut bacterial load, indicating the occurrence of gut bacterial translocation and related barrier damage. Subsequently, antibacterial immune responses were activated and accompanied by a failure of the antioxidant defense system, indicating that pathogen invasion might occur. Gut barrier damage could weaken host selective pressures (deterministic process) on gut bacteria, such as particular pathogens. Indeed, members of Proteobacteria, e.g., Aeromonas and Escherichia/Shigella, regarded as potential opportunistic pathogens, were remarkable signatures of groups exposed to PS-MPs. These potential opportunistic gut bacteria were pivotal contributors to gut TJ damage and gut bacterial translocation resulting from PS-MPs exposure. In addition, the gut bacterial networks of PS-MPs exposure groups were more uncomplicated than those of the control group, but more negative interactions were easy to observe. In conclusion, our work sheds light on the molecular mechanism of earthworm gut toxicity caused by PS-MPs exposure and provides a prospective risk assessment of MPs in soil ecosystems. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Proposal for standardizing normal insulin ranges in Brazilian patients and a new classification of metabolic syndrome; Background: Insulin resistance and/or hyperinsulinemia are closely linked to adiposity, metabolic syndrome (MetS) and prolonged inflammatory processes. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed 1,018 adult individuals with a mean age of 46 years (74% male) and classified them as: Metabolically normal: without any of the five criteria of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) used for the diagnosis of MetS, plus normal fasting insulin (Men < 8 mU/L, Women < 10 mU/L); Level 1 MetS: with one or two IDF criteria, plus hyperinsulinemia (Men: ≥ 8 mU/L), and Women: ≥ 10 mU/L); Level 2 MetS: with three or more IDF criteria, plus hyperinsulinemia. Results: The mean values for fasting insulinemia in metabolically normal individuals was 4.6 ± 1.8 mU/L and 5.6 ± 2.3 mU/L, while their means for the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) were 1.0 and 1.2 for men and women, respectively. In addition, the mean values for insulin (and HOMA-IR) for individuals with two normal anthropometric parameters (body mass index and waist girth), or two normal anthropometric parameters plus no IDF criteria, were similar to the metabolically normal group. Based on the obtained mean + 2 SD, we established the following insulin (and HOMA-IR) values as diagnostic cut-offs for hyperinsulinemia: Men: ≥ 8 mU/L (≥ 1.5), and Women: ≥ 10 mU/L (≥ 2.0). The mean serum insulin was significantly higher for individuals with Level 1 MetS (approx. 9 mU/L for both genders) compared with metabolically normal individuals, as was the prevalence of hepatic steatosis, which was more evident in men. Thus, the presence of one or two abnormal IDF criteria, combined with hyperinsulinemia and/or raised HOMA-IR, suggests the presence of MetS and insulin resistance. Patients of both genders with Level 2 MetS had higher serum insulin and/or HOMA-IR values than Level 1, as well as a higher prevalence of hypertension and hepatic steatosis, being more pronounced among men. The process was progressive and proportional to the degree of hyperinsulinemia. Conclusion: It is proposed that intervention against MetS progression should be started in individuals with Level 1 MetS, rather than waiting for more criteria for diagnostic confirmation, which this should help to reduce the occurrence of known complications such as type 2 diabetes, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease, among others. Copyright © 2022 Chocair, de Menezes Neves, Sato, Mohrbacher, Oliveira, Pereira, Bales, da Silva, Duley and Cuvello-Neto.
Berberine Ameliorates Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT Signaling Pathway in Liver of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Rats; Introduction: Berberine is derived from rhizoma coptidis, a well-known Traditional Chinese herbal Medicine that has been found to be effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in recent years. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of berberine on a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rat model and the related mechanisms. Methods: GDM was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats using a high-fat diet before and during pregnancy. Berberine (100 mg/kg/day) was administered from the 7th to 20th day of pregnancy. Insulin resistance (IR), glucose tolerance, and maternal, fetal, and placental weight were determined. Liver histopathological analysis, as well as analysis of C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), inhibitor kappa B kinaseβ (IKKβ), nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1), and protein kinase B (AKT), was performed at the end of pregnancy. Results: Treatment of GDM rats with berberine markedly decreased IR, the number of dead and absorptive fetuses, maternal body weight gain, and fetal and placental weight compared with GDM without berberine. Furthermore, berberine decreased CRP and TNF-α levels, IKKβ expression, NF-κB P65 nuclear translocation, and changed the phosphorylation of JNK, IRS-1, and AKT in the liver of GDM rats. Conclusions: Berberine improved IR and maternal-fetal outcomes of GDM rats, possibly through modulation of IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT signaling pathways in the liver. Therefore, berberine may be a potential GDM treatment.  © 2022 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Serum neuregulin 4 is negatively correlated with insulin sensitivity in humans and impairs mitochondrial respiration in HepG2 cells; Neuregulin 4 (NRG4) has been described to improve metabolic disturbances linked to obesity status in rodent models. The findings in humans are controversial. We aimed to investigate circulating NRG4 in association with insulin action in humans and the possible mechanisms involved. Insulin sensitivity (euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp) and serum NRG4 concentration (ELISA) were analysed in subjects with a wide range of adiposity (n = 89). In vitro experiments with human HepG2 cell line were also performed. Serum NRG4 was negatively correlated with insulin sensitivity (r = −0.25, p = 0.02) and positively with the inflammatory marker high-sensitivity C reative protein (hsCRP). In fact, multivariant linear regression analyses showed that insulin sensitivity contributed to BMI-, age-, sex-, and hsCRP-adjusted 7.2% of the variance in serum NRG4 (p = 0.01). No significant associations were found with adiposity measures (BMI, waist circumference or fat mass), plasma lipids (HDL-, LDL-cholesterol, or fasting triglycerides) or markers of liver injury. Cultured hepatocyte HepG2 treated with human recombinant NRG4 had an impact on hepatocyte metabolism, leading to decreased gluconeogenic- and mitochondrial biogenesis-related gene expression, and reduced mitochondrial respiration, without effects on expression of lipid metabolism-related genes. Similar but more pronounced effects were found after neuregulin 1 administration. In conclusion, sustained higher serum levels of neuregulin-4, observed in insulin resistant patients may have deleterious effects on metabolic and mitochondrial function in hepatocytes. However, findings from in vitro experiments should be confirmed in human primary hepatocytes. Copyright © 2022 Martínez, Latorre, Ortega, Arnoriaga-Rodríguez, Lluch, Oliveras-Cañellas, Díaz-Sáez, Aragonés, Camps, Gumà, Ricart, Fernández-Real and Moreno-Navarrete.
Effect of ovariectomy on glucose and lipid metabolism in hyperinsulinemia MKR mice; Objective：To investigate the effects of ovariectomy on the blood glucose，adipose tissue content and liver lipid deposition in the normal or hyperinsulinemia mice. Methods：Twenty 6-week-old female loss of skeletal muscle-specific insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor function （MKR）hyperinsulinemia mice were randomly divided into MKR sham operation group（MKR group）and MKR ovariectomy group（MKR OVX group），with 10 mice in each group；twenty wild-type（WT）FVB/N mice were randomly divided into WT sham operation group（WT group）and WT ovariectomy group（WT OVX group），with 10 mice in each group. After two weeks of recovery feeding，the body weights and blood glucose levels of the mice in various groups were monitored. Glucose tolerance abilities and insulin sensitivities of the mice in various groups were detected by glucose tolerance test（GTT） and insulin tolerance test（ITT）. The mice were sacrificed 12 weeks after surgery，and the weights of liver and adipose of the mice in various groups were weighed. The pathomorphology of liver and gonadal adipose tissue of the mice in various groups were observed by HE staining，glycogen staining and oil red O staining. The expression levels of lipid metabolization-related gene mRNA in gonadal adipose tissue of the mice in various groups were detected by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR（RT-qPCR）method. Western blotting method was used to detect the expression levels of hormone sensitive lipase（HSL）in gonadal adipose tissue of the mice in various groups. Results：The body weight of the mice in MKR group was significantly decreased compared with WT group（P<0. 05）；compared with MKR group，the body weight of the mice in MKR OVX group was significantly increased （P<0. 05），but compared with WT and WT OVX groups，the body weight of the mice in MKR OVX group was decreased（P<0. 05）. In MKR OVX group，the blood glucose of the mice was gradually increased，and severe glucose intolerance and insulin resistance appeared. Compared with WT group，liver steatosis was found and glycogen was decreased in WT OVX group（P<0. 05），while the liver steatosis degree was increased and glycogen was decreased significantly in MKR OVX group. Compared with WT group，the gonadal adipose index and mesenteric adipose index of the mice in WT OVX group were increased（P<0. 05）；compared with MKR group，the gonadal adipose index and perirenal adipose index of the mice in MKR OVX group was increased（P<0. 05）. The HE staining results showed that the adipocytes in MKR group were significantly shunk compared with WT group，and the adipocytes were enlarged in WT OVX group and MKR OVX group，the adipocytes in MKR OVX group were still shunk compared with WT group and WT OVX group. Compared with WT group，the expression levels of HSL mRNA and protein in gonadal adipose tissue of the mice in MKR group were increased（P<0. 05），while the expression levels of HSL mRNA and protein in gonadal adipose tissue of the mice in WT OVX group and MKR OVX group were decreased（P<0. 05）. Conclusion：Ovariectomy can lead to dysglycemia，adipose tissue mass increasing and lipid deposition in the liver in the mice. High endogenous insulin levels and insulin resistance can further aggravate the dysglycemia caused by ovariectomy. © 2022 Jilin University Press. All rights reserved.
Dietary silymarin ameliorating reproductive and lactation performance of sows via regulating body antioxidant and metabolism; Objective: The experiment was conducted to explore the effects of silymarin on reproductive and lactation performance, serum antioxidants, and body metabolism of sows. Methods: Sixty pregnant sows (85 d, Large × Landrace) with similar genetic background, body condition, and parity were randomly divided into three groups, and each group has 20 individually housed sows. The sows in the control group (CG) were fed with basal diet, and those in the experimental group A (EGA) and B (EGB) were fed with basal diet containing 250 and 500 mg/kg silymarin, respectively. The experiment lasted 46 days from day 85 of gestation to the end of lactation (weaning on day 17 ).The milk composition and serum biochemical parameters were determined by a milk composition analyzer and a blood biochemical analyzer, respectively. Serum antioxidant indexes and plasma hormone levels were measured using the biochemical kits. The gas chromatograph was applied to detect the fecal short chain fatty acids. Results: Compared with the CG, the total feed intake (TFI) and average daily feed intake (ADFI) were significantly increased (P < 0.01), and the urea content in regular milk tended to increase (P = 0.095) in the EG. The serum malondialdehyde (MDA) contents were decreased on day 90 of gestation and the day of farrowing (P < 0.01), and the serum contents of total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) tended to increase on day 17 of lactation (P = 0.099) compared with the CG. Compared with the CG, the serum triglyceride (TG) concentrations in the EG tended to increase on day 90 of gestation (P = 0.062), and the content of serum total protein (TP) and albumin (ALB) reduced on day 17 of lactation (P < 0.01). Compared with the CG, plasm D-lactic acid content was decreased (P < 0.05), and the plasma prostaglandin (PG) level tended to increase (P = 0.088) in the EG on the day of farrowing and day 17 of lactation. Compared with the CG, fecal isobutyric acid concentration in the EG significantly decreased on the day of farrowing ( P < 0.05). Conclusion: Adding 250 – 500 mg/kg silymarin to diets from the late gestation to the end of lactation could improve reproductive and lactation performance of sows via the regulation of nutrient metabolism and serum antioxidant. © 2022 Digital Chinese Medicine
Dengue virus is involved in insulin resistance via the downregulation of IRS-1 by inducing TNF-α secretion; During the epidemic, the individuals with underlying diseases usually have a higher rate of mortality. Diabetes is highly prevalent worldwide, making it a frequent comorbidity in dengue fever patients. Therefore, understanding the relationship between dengue virus (DENV) infection and diabetes is important. We first demonstrated that DENV-3 infection down-regulated the expression of IRS-1. In vitro, treatment of HepG2 cells with TNF-α inhibitors and siRNA proved that after DENV-3 infection in HepG2 cells, cellular TNF-α secretion was increased, which negatively regulated IRS-1, thereby leading to an insulin-resistant state. In vivo, DENV-3 induced insulin resistance (IR) in hepatocytes by promoting the secretion of TNF-α and inhibiting the expression of IRS-1 was proved. In vivo approaches also showed that after DENV-3 infection, TNF-α levels in the serum of C57BL/6 mice with insulin resistance increased, and upon TNF-α antagonist III treatment, IRS-1 expression in the liver, reduced by infection, was upregulated. In addition, transcriptomic analysis revealed more negative regulatory events in the insulin receptor signaling pathway after DENV-3 infection. This is the first report of a link between DENV-3 infection and insulin resistance, and it lays a foundation for further research. © 2022
The hypolipidemic mechanism of chrysanthemum flavonoids and its main components, luteolin and luteoloside, based on the gene expression profile; In this study, the following four groups of mice with hyperlipidemia were involved: the model control group (MC), the Chrysanthemum flavonoids group (CF), the luteolin group, and the luteoloside group. The whole gene expression profile was detected in the liver tissues of each group. Differential genes significantly enriched in the biological process of gene ontology (GO) items and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) were selected, and 4 differential genes related to lipid metabolism were selected for further real-time quantitative PCR verification. Compared with the MC, 41 differential genes such as Sqle, Gck, and Idi1 were screened in the CF intervention group; 68 differential genes such as Acsl3, Cyp7a1, and Lpin1 were screened in the luteolin intervention group (CF); and 51 differential genes such as Acaca, Cyp7a1, and Lpin1 were screened in the luteoloside group. The mechanism of CF to improve hyperlipidemia is very complex, mainly involving biological processes such as cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism and glycolysis, luteolin mainly involves the synthesis and transport of cholesterol, and luteoloside mainly involves fatty acid metabolism. The functional pathways of CF may not be completely the same as luteolin and luteoloside, and further study is needed on the mechanism of action of other components. Copyright © 2022 Sun, Wang, Lin, Xia, Yang, Wang and Sun.
Scoping Review of the Relationship Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Neonatal and Infant Gut Microbiome; Objective: To conduct a scoping review to examine the relationship between a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the neonatal and infant gut microbiome from 0 to 1 year of age. Data Sources: We searched PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and CINAHL for articles with key terms “microbiome” and “gestational diabetes mellitus.” Study Selection: We included articles published in English in peer-reviewed journals between 2012 and 2021 that were reports of original research studies in which researchers used next-generation sequencing for analysis of the fecal microbiome and collected meconium or transitional stool from neonates and/or infants. Data Extraction: We identified nine studies with a combined sample size of 1,279 neonates and infants. We extracted data, including title, authors, sample size, study design, methods, findings, significance, and limitations. We extracted and charted confounding variables such as treatment of GDM, body mass index, gestational age at birth, antibiotic use, mode of birth, and feeding method. Data Synthesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus may alter the neonatal and infant gut microbiome because neonates and infants of women with GDM had altered composition and diversity compared to neonates and infants of women without GDM. Conclusion: Mechanisms by which the neonatal and infant microbiome changes in response to GDM are poorly understood and need to be evaluated in future research. Further study of how GDM plays a role in the initial seeding of the microbiome, how the maternal microbiome may affect fetal metabolic programming, and how the neonatal microbiome leads to the future development of obesity and glucose intolerance is critical. Future studies should include larger sample sizes, appropriate collection of potential confounding variables, assessment of maternal interventions for GDM, and longitudinal designs to further understand potential associations with long-term detrimental outcomes such as obesity and impaired glucose tolerance. © 2022 AWHONN, the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses
Polysaccharides from Bamboo Shoot (Leleba oldhami Nakal) Byproducts Alleviate Antibiotic-Associated Diarrhea in Mice through Their Interactions with Gut Microbiota; A water-soluble polysaccharide BSP was extracted from the basal part of bamboo shoot, a main by-product of bamboo shoot processing. BSP is composed of glucose (72.8%), xylose (19.43%) and a small amount of galactose, arabinose, glucuronic acid and mannose. The effects of BSP on mice with antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD) were investigated. The mice fed with BSP exhibited significant higher bodyweight gain, lower pH value and higher concentrations of SCFAs in the feces compared with those fed with saline. BSP administration reduced the inflammatory cells in the small intestine and colon in the AAD mice, and Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio in the gut was decreased from 0.56 to 0.19. Moreover, BSP administration affected the composition and diversity of the gut microbiota in the AAD mice, particularly on the improvement of beneficial bacteria such as Bacteroides, Lactobacillus and Lachnospiraceae_NK4A136_group. Our results suggest that the polysaccharides from bamboo shoot by-products could be an attractive natural component for gut health and AAD treatment. © 2022 by the authors.
The relationship between Triglyceride and glycose (TyG) index and the risk of gynaecologic and breast cancers; Background and purpose: The relationship between triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and gynaecologic and breast cancers is unclear. We hypothesized that an increase in the TyG index is associated with elevated risk of cancers of the uterine, cervix, ovary and breast. Methods and results: For this observational study, we collected data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANSE, 1999–2018). A total of 11466 individuals were included, involving 586 (5.1%) individuals with a previous cancer diagnosis in female reproductive tissues (i.e., breast, ovarian, cervical or uterine). Logistic regression was performed to evaluate the association between TyG index and incidence of gynaecologic and breast cancers. We observed that higher TyG index is significantly linked to greater prevalence of gynaecologic and breast cancers in US adult population. After adjustment of multi-variates, participants with the highest quartile of TyG index had an OR = 1.516 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.121, 2.050) (P < 0.05) versus the lowest. In addition, TyG index was associated with the risk of female cancers of the breast OR per one standard deviation increase 2.25,95% confidence interval:1.50 to 3.37], cervix (1.68,0.99 to 2.84), ovary (3.73,1.01 to 13.87), uterine (2.42,1.14 to 5.16). The optimal cut-off value for predicting gynaecologic and breast cancers is 8.70. Kaplan–Meier curves showed that individuals (TyG index≥8.70) had higher cancer mortality (P value < 0.05). Conclusions: The Elevated TyG index increases the incidence of cancers in female reproductive tissues. In the future studies, more evidence may be warranted to assess the correlation between TyG index and incidence of gynaecologic and breast cancers. © 2022 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Inulin mitigates high fructose-induced gut dysbiosis and metabolic dysfunction in mice; An unhealthy diet is related to metabolic syndrome, and inulin has been studied to alleviate obesity and related metabolic disorders. We established a high-fructose mouse model to investigate the contribution of inulin through a comprehensive analysis of the gut microbiome and serum metabolome. The results demonstrated that inulin reduced the body weight and the levels of serum triglycerides, alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase relative to the model group. Multi-omics analysis showed that disorders in gut microbiota and serum metabolites were mitigated by inulin, including promoting the growth of Bifidobacterium and Muribaculaceae intestinale, reducing the Faecalibaculum rodentium, and upregulating the serum phosphatidylcholine. Moreover, inulin participated in phenylalanine metabolism and biosynthesis of tyrosine and tryptophan in serum. Our work revealed the prebiotic functions of inulin in microbe-diet interactions on host metabolism and provided insights into the gut microbiota and metabolites that may underlie the related metabolic diseases induced by high fructose. © 2022
Personalized microbiome-driven effects of non-nutritive sweeteners on human glucose tolerance; Non-nutritive sweeteners (NNS) are commonly integrated into human diet and presumed to be inert; however, animal studies suggest that they may impact the microbiome and downstream glycemic responses. We causally assessed NNS impacts in humans and their microbiomes in a randomized-controlled trial encompassing 120 healthy adults, administered saccharin, sucralose, aspartame, and stevia sachets for 2 weeks in doses lower than the acceptable daily intake, compared with controls receiving sachet-contained vehicle glucose or no supplement. As groups, each administered NNS distinctly altered stool and oral microbiome and plasma metabolome, whereas saccharin and sucralose significantly impaired glycemic responses. Importantly, gnotobiotic mice conventionalized with microbiomes from multiple top and bottom responders of each of the four NNS-supplemented groups featured glycemic responses largely reflecting those noted in respective human donors, which were preempted by distinct microbial signals, as exemplified by sucralose. Collectively, human NNS consumption may induce person-specific, microbiome-dependent glycemic alterations, necessitating future assessment of clinical implications. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic effects of prolactin and the role of dopamine agonists: A review; Prolactin is a polypeptide hormone that is well known for its role in reproductive physiology. Recent studies highlight its role in neurohormonal appetite regulation and metabolism. Elevated prolactin levels are widely associated with worsening metabolic disease, but it appears that low prolactin levels could also be metabolically unfavorable. This review discusses the pathophysiology of prolactin related metabolic changes, and the less commonly recognized effects of prolactin on adipose tissue, pancreas, liver, and small bowel. Furthermore, the effect of dopamine agonists on the metabolic profiles of patients with hyperprolactinemia are discussed as well. Copyright © 2022 Kirsch, Kunadia, Shah and Agrawal.
Comparison of biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane, advanced oxidation protein products, and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 M30, in women with normal glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: We aimed to compare the values of selected biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine (8OHdG) and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 M30 (CK18 M30), in women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The study included the following: NGT group, including pregnant women who were healthy and did not have a diabetic pregnancy (n=83) and GDM group, including pregnant women with GDM (n=69). The inclusion criteria were the following: being between the ages of 18–42, gestational age being 24–41 weeks, and the absence of labor. We collected perinatal clinical characteristics and measured serum 8IsoP, AOPP, 8-OHdG, and CK18 M30. Results: Prepregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain and rate of cesarean delivery of the GDM group were significantly higher compared to the NGT group (p<0.05). Compared to the NGT group, the median values of serum 8IsoP, AOPP, 8OHdG, and CK18 M30 in the GDM group were found as increased significantly [8IsoP: 194.5 (121.8–255.9) vs. (153.1 (123.7–178.5); (p=0.023)]; [AOPP: 3.7 (1.7–8.9) vs. (2.1 (0.8–6.4); (p=0.036)]; [8OHdG: 11.8 (6.9–31.3) vs. (6.8 (1–28.2); (p=0.042)]; and [CK18 M30: 2.4 (1.4–5.4) vs. (1.8 (1.13.6); (p=0.044)]. Conclusions: Women with GDM have increased oxidative stress presented by serum oxidized protein, lipid, and DNA biomarkers and pro-apoptosis demonstrated by CK18 M30. This supports the role of oxidized biomolecules in the pathogenesis of GDM. With piling data related to biomarkers changed into women with GDM, it will be possible to clarify the pathophysiology of GDM and its comorbidities. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
The prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: To determine the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 380 women with GDM had a FibroScan® performed between 24 and 32 weeks. A Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP) ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. Gestational hypertension, pre–eclampsia and eclampsia contributed to a composite of adverse maternal outcomes. A composite of adverse neonatal outcomes included pre–term birth, hypoglycaemia, small/large–for–gestational age and admission to neonatal high dependency. Multiple logistic regression was used to determine independent associations with MAFLD. Results: 147 (38.7 %) women had MAFLD. Higher pre–pregnancy BMI (median 28.4, IQR 24.7–33.0 kg/m2 vs median 24.0, IQR 21.7–26.5 kg/m2, p < 0.01) and rates of insulin therapy (62.2 % vs 40.7 %, p < 0.01) occurred in MAFLD over non–MAFLD women. MAFLD was independently associated with obesity (aOR 4.73 [95 % CI 2.53–8.86]) and insulin therapy (aOR 1.79 [95 % CI 1.12–2.85]). MAFLD and non–MAFLD women had comparable rates of adverse maternal (7.7 % vs 9.5 %, p = 0.56) and neonatal outcomes (75.4 % vs 68.8 %, p = 0.18). Conclusions: Within this GDM cohort, almost 40% had FibroScan®–detected MAFLD in mid–to–late gestation. MAFLD was not associated with worse pregnancy outcomes. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Association between Mediterranean Diet and Fatty Liver in Women with Overweight and Obesity; Obesity is a risk factor for NAFLD. However, not all people with obesity have an excessive intrahepatic fat content. Adherence to a high-quality dietary pattern may also promote liver health in obesity. A cross-sectional study of 2967 women with overweight and obesity was carried out to assess the association between a Mediterranean diet and fatty liver. All women underwent clinical examination, anthropometric measurements, blood sampling, ultrasound measurements of abdominal visceral and subcutaneous fat, and assessment of adherence to the Mediterranean diet using the 14-item MEDAS questionnaire. Fatty liver index (FLI), NAFLD fatty liver steatosis (NAFLD-FLS) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI) were calculated. In women with obesity, the MEDAS score was inversely associated with FLI (β = −0.60, 95% CI: −1.04, −0.16, p = 0.008), NAFLD-FLS (β = −0.092, 95% CI: −0.134, −0.049, p < 0.001) and HSI (β = −0.17, 95% CI: −0.30, −0.04, p = 0.011). Stronger associations were observed in premenopausal women with obesity. Mediterranean diet was inversely associated with NAFLD-FLS in women with overweight, independently of menopausal status. In conclusion, Mediterranean diet is associated with a better liver status in women with overweight and obesity. This may have a public health impact and be useful in drafting nutritional guidelines for NAFLD. © 2022 by the authors.
Retinol and Retinol Binding Protein 4 Levels and Cardiometabolic Disease Risk; Background: Despite mechanistic studies linking retinol and RBP4 (retinol binding protein 4) to the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D), epidemiological evidence is still conflicting. We investigated whether conflicting results of previous studies may be explained by differences in the association of retinol and RBP4 with cardiometabolic risk across subgroups with distinct sex, hypertension state, liver, or kidney function. Methods: We used case-cohorts nested in the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer and Nutrition)-Potsdam cohort (N=27 548) comprising a random sample of participants (n=2500) and all physician-verified cases of incident CVD (n=508, median follow-up time 8.2 years) and T2D (n=820, median follow-up time 6.3 years). We estimated nonlinear and linear multivariable-adjusted associations between the biomarkers and cardiometabolic diseases by restricted cubic splines and Cox regression, respectively, testing potential interactions with hypertension, liver, and kidney function. Additionally, we performed 2-sample Mendelian Randomization analyses in publicly available data. Results: The association of retinol with cardiometabolic risk was modified by hypertension state (P interaction CVD<0.001; P interaction T2D<0.001). Retinol was associated with lower cardiometabolic risk in participants with treated hypertension (hazard ratioper SD[95% CI]: CVD, 0.71 [0.56-0.90]; T2D, 0.81 [0.70-0.94]) but with higher cardiometabolic risk in normotensive participants (CVD, 1.32 [1.06-1.64]; T2D, 1.15 [0.98-1.36]). Our analyses also indicated a significant interaction between RBP4 and hypertension on CVD risk (P interaction=0.04). Regarding T2D risk, we observed a u-shaped association with RBP4 in women (P nonlinearity=0.01, P effect=0.02) and no statistically significant association in men. The biomarkers' interactions with liver or kidney function were not statistically significant. Hypertension state-specific associations for retinol concentrations with cardiovascular mortality risk were replicated in National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III. Conclusions: Our findings suggest a hypertension-dependent relationship between plasma retinol and cardiometabolic risk and complex interactions of RBP4 with sex and hypertension on cardiometabolic risk. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Prenatal hypothyroidism diminished exogenous NO-mediated diastolic effects in fetal rat thoracic aorta smooth muscle via increased oxidative stress; Maternal hypothyroidism is an important problem of modern healthcare and is reported to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring later in life. However, it is unclear whether hypothyroidism during pregnancy causes vascular damage in the fetal period. We established the prenatal hypothyroidism rat model and collected the fetuses at the 21th day of gestation (GD21). Thyroid hormone concentrations in maternal and offspring blood serum were assessed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The thoracic aortas of the fetuses were isolated for microvessel functional testing and histochemical stainings. qPCR and Western blot were performed to access mRNA and protein expression. We found that the concentrations of thyroid hormones in the serum of pregnant rats and fetuses were significantly suppressed at GD21. The responses of the fetal thoracic aortas to SNP were significantly attenuated in the PTU group. However, no statistical difference was found between the two groups when treated with either inhibitor (ODQ) or activator (BAY58–2667) of sGC. The production of O2−• in the arterial wall was significantly increased in hypothyroid fetuses. Moreover, the level of NADPH oxidase (NOX) was increased, while superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2) was down-regulated in the PTU group, ultimately contributing to the increased production of superoxide. Additionally, decreased SNP-mediated vasodilation found in fetal vessels was improved by either NOX inhibitor (Apocynin) or SOD mimic (Tempol). These results indicate that increased oxidative stress is probably the cause of the diminished diastolic effect of exogenous NO in the thoracic artery of prenatal hypothyroidism exposed fetuses. © 2022 The Authors
Dietary patterns of Chinese pregnant women in Hong Kong; Background and Objectives: Maternal nutrition is important for healthy pregnancy, but it has not been well studied among pregnant women in Hong Kong. This study aims to examine the dietary pattern and nutritional intake of women in early pregnancy, and the associations between dietary patterns, dietary quality, and other health parameters. Methods and Study Design: This is a prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women, recruited at their first antenatal appointment. Dietary intakes were assessed by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and dietary patterns were derived by principal component analysis. Results: Of 160 women recruited, the mean age was 32.7±3.9 years and body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy was 22.6±3.8 kg/m2. The dietary analyses were restricted to 156 women who had completed the FFQ. 99% of women had excessive sodium intake and only 2.6% of women met the recommended fibre intake. Three dietary patterns identified were ‘sweet and fast-food pattern’, ‘prudent pattern’ and ‘meat pattern’, which altogether accounted for 23.5% of the total variation. The ‘prudent pattern’ was positively associated with dietary quality indices [Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score, ρ=0.323, p<0.01; Dietary Quality Index-International, ρ=0.400, p<0.01; Mediterranean Diet Score, ρ=0.243, p=0.02]; and was inversely associated systolic (B=-3.71, 95% CI -7.06, -0.36) and diastolic blood pressure (B=-2.69, 95% CI -5.12, -0.26), suggesting this pattern represented a relatively healthier dietary option. Conclusions: Suboptimal dietary intake is a common issue among pregnant women in Hong Kong. Early dietary assessment and attention are warranted in this population. © 2022, Asia Pacific Journal of Clinical Nutrition. All Rights Reserved.
Bioinformatics analysis of microarray data to identify hub genes, as diagnostic biomarker of HELLP syndrome: System biology approach; Background: HELLP syndrome is one of the disorders characterized by hemolysis, increased liver enzymes and decreased platelet count. So far, many molecular pathways and genes have been identified in relation to the pathogenesis of this syndrome; however, the main cause of the incidence and progression of the disease has not been identified. Using the biological system approach is a way to target patients by identifying genes and molecular pathways. In this study, we investigated genes and important molecular factors in the pathogenesis of HELLP syndrome. Material and Methods: In this study, the microarray dataset was downloaded from Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database and analyzed using the GEO2R online tool for identifying differentially expressed genes (DEGs). Enrichment analysis of DEGs was evaluated using the Enrichr database. Then, protein–protein interaction (PPI) networks were constructed via the STRING database; they were visualized by Cytoscape. Then the STRING database was used to construct PPI networks. The hub genes were recognized using the cytoHubba. Ultimately, the interaction of the miRNA-hub genes and drug-hub genes were also evaluated. Result: After analysis, it was found that some genes with the highest degree of connectivity are involved in the pathogenesis of HELLP syndrome, which are known as the hub genes. These genes are as follows: KIT, JAK2, LEP, EP300, HIST1H4L, HIST1H4F, HIST1H4H, MMP9, THBS2, and ADAMTS3. Has-miR-34a-5p was also most associated with hub genes. Conclusion: Finally, it can be said, that the identification of genes and molecular pathways in HELLP syndrome can be helpful in identifying the pathogenesis pathways of the disease, and designing therapeutic targets. © 2022 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The association between alteration of maternal lipid levels and birthweight at term: A within-family comparison; Context: Maternal lipid levels affect birthweight and the long-term health of the offsprings. However, this association could be influenced by genetic and other common factors. Objective: This work aimed to explore the relationship between maternal lipid levels and birthweight of two pregnancies in the same mother. Methods: In this population-based cohort study, 705 women and their 1 410 offsprings were included. From an initial sample of women with more than one singleton birth in the database, we made the following exclusions: missing data for pre-pregnancy BMI, pregnancy weight gain, birthweight and lipid values; maternal age less than 19 or older than 44 years old; gestational age < 37 weeks or > 41weeks, gestational diabetes mellitus/diabetic. In the second and third trimesters, serum samples were collected for the determination of fasting total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Then we assessed the association between maternal lipids and birthweight. Results: Infants of women whose 2nd-trimester TC increased by 10th-20th percentile (-0.92~-0.56 mmol/L) from 1st to 2nd pregnancy were 239.69 (62.32~417.06) g lighter at birth than were infants of women those of 40th-50th percentile (-0.20~-0.03 mmol/L). Parity, gestational age, neonatal gender, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index, maternal weight gain, and 3rd-trimester TC and HDL-C were all associated with higher birth weight. Every unit increase in TC in the third trimester increases birthweight by 53.13 (14.32 ~91.94) g. Conclusion: Maternal TC level is associated with birthweight independent of shared genes. TC may be used to guide diet and predict birthweight combined with ultrasound and other indicators. Copyright © 2022 Chen, Chen, Wang, Qiu, Xi, Jiang, Lv, Huang and Luo.
AST-to-ALT ratio in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Aspartate aminotransferase-to-alanine transaminase ratio (AST/ALT) has been reported affect the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM), but it is uncertain if it has relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objectives: Our study aimed to investigate the association between AST/ALT ratio in the first trimester and the risk of subsequent development of GDM. Method: This prospective cohort study enrolling 870 pregnant women, 204 pregnant women with missing data or liver diseases were excluded, 666 pregnant women were included in this study containing 94 GDM women. Blood samples were collected in the first trimester. Univariate analysis and multivariate logistic regression were used to evaluate the association between AST/ALT and GDM. Nomogram was established based on the results of multivariate logistic analysis. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves and calibration curves were used to evaluate the predictive ability of this nomogram model for GDM. Decision curve analysis (DCA) was used to examine the clinical net benefit of predictive model. Results: AST/ALT ratio (RR:0.228; 95% CI:0.107-0.488) was associated with lower risk of GDM after adjusting for confounding factors. Indicators used in nomogram including AST/ALT, maternal age, preBMI, waist circumference, glucose, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and parity. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) value of this predictive model was 0.778, 95% CI (0.724, 0.832). Calibration curves for GDM probabilities showed acceptable agreement between nomogram predictions and observations. The DCA curve demonstrated a good positive net benefit in the predictive model. Conclusions: The early AST/ALT level of pregnant women negatively correlated with the risk of GDM. The nomogram including AST/ALT at early pregnancy shows good predictive ability for the occurrence of GDM. Copyright © 2022 An, Ma, Zhang, Lin, Xiang, Chen and Tan.
Hepatitis C is associated with more adverse pregnancy outcomes than hepatitis B: A 7-year national inpatient sample study; Prior international studies have shown mixed results regarding the association of hepatitis B and hepatitis C with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We performed an updated evaluation of the prevalence of associated adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluated trends over time of diagnosis of chronic hepatitis B (HBV) and chronic hepatitis C (HCV) in pregnant women in a national database. All pregnant women with HBV and HCV were identified from the National Inpatient Sample database 2012 to 2018. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to compare pregnancy-related complications, including rates of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, antepartum/intrapartum hemorrhage, preterm labor, and Cesarean section. We evaluated all-cause in-hospital mortality, length of stay, and total cost of hospitalizations. A total of 28.7 million pregnancy-related hospitalizations that met our eligibility criteria were identified, including 51,200 with HBV and 131,695 with HCV. In comparison with the uninfected controls, the HBV group was significantly more likely to develop gestational diabetes (12.94% vs. 6.94%, p < 0.001). The HCV group was more likely to have preterm labor (9.63% vs. 6.27%, p < 0.001), intrauterine growth restriction (6.04% vs. 2.89%, p < 0.001), longer length of stay (3.4 days vs. 2.7 days, p < 0.001), and higher hospitalization cost (15,052 dollars vs. 14,258 dollars, p < 0.001). These findings should inform counseling of women who are found to have HBV or HCV during pregnancy regarding the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and support the need for an interdisciplinary approach to optimize maternal and neonatal outcomes. © 2022 The Authors. Hepatology Communications published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Diet-gut microbiota-epigenetics in metabolic diseases: From mechanisms to therapeutics; The prevalence of metabolic diseases, including obesity, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is a severe burden in human society owing to the ensuing high morbidity and mortality. Various factors linked to metabolic disorders, particularly environmental factors (such as diet and gut microbiota) and epigenetic modifications, contribute to the progression of metabolic diseases. Dietary components and habits regulate alterations in gut microbiota; in turn, microbiota-derived metabolites, such as short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), are influenced by diet. Interestingly, diet-derived microbial metabolites appear to produce substrates and enzymatic regulators for epigenetic modifications (such as DNA methylation, histone modifications, and non-coding RNA expression). Epigenetic changes mediated by microbial metabolites participate in metabolic disorders via alterations in intestinal permeability, immune responses, inflammatory reactions, and insulin resistance. In addition, microbial metabolites can trigger inflammatory immune responses and microbiota dysbiosis by directly binding to G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). Hence, diet-gut microbiota-epigenetics may play a role in metabolic diseases. However, their complex relationships with metabolic diseases remain largely unknown and require further investigation. This review aimed to elaborate on the interactions among diet, gut microbiota, and epigenetics to uncover the mechanisms and therapeutics of metabolic diseases. © 2022
11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases and biomarkers in fetal development; It is known that basal glucocorticoid levels in utero are essential for regulating fetal development and maturation, and determine the fate of later life. Recently, more and more studies suggest that adverse prenatal environments may cause abnormal maternal glucocorticoid levels in utero. 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases (11β-HSDs) are widely distributed in the target organs of glucocorticoids (GCs) and mineralocorticoids. 11β-HSDs is involved in fetal physiological and pathological development by activating or inactivating GCs. Prenatal adverse environments (including exogenous and maternal environments) can affect the expression and activity of 11β-HSDs in the placenta and fetus via multiple pathways. It induces abnormal local glucocorticoid levels in fetal multiple tissues, fetal developmental programming and homeostasis changes, and the susceptibility to various diseases after birth. We also discuss the interventions of 11β-HSDs inhibitors on fetal developmental programming and susceptibility to multiple diseases. Finally, we propose that 11β-HSD2 can be used as a molecular target for fetal developmental toxicity, while 11β-HSD1 can be regarded as an intervention target to prevent fetal-originated diseases. This review will provide a theoretical basis for the early prevention and treatment of fetal-originated diseases. © 2022
The Roles of Probiotics in the Gut Microbiota Composition and Metabolic Outcomes in Asymptomatic Post-Gestational Diabetes Women: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Probiotics are widely used as an adjuvant therapy in various diseases. Nonetheless, it is uncertain how they affect the gut microbiota composition and metabolic and inflammatory outcomes in women who have recently experienced gestational diabetes mellitus (post-GDM). A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial involving 132 asymptomatic post-GDM women was conducted to close this gap (Clinical Trial Registration: NCT05273073). The intervention (probiotics) group received a cocktail of six probiotic strains from Bifidobacterium and Lactobacillus for 12 weeks, while the placebo group received an identical sachet devoid of living microorganisms. Anthropometric measurements, biochemical analyses, and 16S rRNA gene sequencing results were evaluated pre- and post-intervention. After the 12-week intervention, the probiotics group’s fasting blood glucose level significantly decreased (mean difference −0.20 mmol/L; p = 0.0021). The HbA1c, total cholesterol, triglycerides, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels were significantly different between the two groups (p < 0.05). Sequencing data also demonstrated a large rise in the Bifidobacterium adolescentis following probiotic supplementation. Our findings suggest that multi-strain probiotics are beneficial for improved metabolic and inflammatory outcomes in post-GDM women by modulating gut dysbiosis. This study emphasizes the necessity for a comprehensive strategy for postpartum treatment that includes probiotics to protect post-GDM women from developing glucose intolerance. © 2022 by the authors.
Maternal carbohydrate intake during pregnancy is associated with child peripubertal markers of metabolic health but not adiposity; Objective: To examine the associations of trimester-specific maternal prenatal carbohydrate (CHO) intake with offspring adiposity and metabolic health during peripuberty. Design: Prospective cohort study in which maternal dietary intake was collected via validated FFQ during each trimester. Offspring adiposity and metabolic biomarkers were evaluated at age 8-14 years. We used multivariable linear regression to examine associations between total energy-adjusted maternal CHO intake and offspring BMI z-score, skinfold thickness and metabolic syndrome risk z-score calculated as the average of waist circumference, fasting glucose, fasting C-peptide, TAG:HDL and systolic blood pressure + diastolic blood pressure/2. Setting: Mexico City, Mexico Participants: 237 mother-child pairs in the Early Life Exposure in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants cohort. Results: We found non-linear associations of maternal CHO intake during pregnancy with offspring metabolic health during peripuberty. After adjusting for maternal age, and child age, sex and pubertal status, children whose mothers were in the fourth v. first quartile of total CHO intake during the third trimester had 0·42 (95 % CI -0·01, 0·08) ng/ml lower C-peptide and 0·10 (95 % CI -0·02, 0·22) units lower C-peptide insulin resistance (CP-IR). We found similar magnitude and direction of association with respect to net CHO intake during the first trimester and offspring C-peptide and CP-IR. Maternal CHO intake during pregnancy was not associated with offspring adiposity. Conclusions: In this study of mother-child pairs in Mexico City, children born to women in the highest quartile of CHO intake during pregnancy had lowest C-peptide and CP-IR during peripuberty. Additional research is warranted to replicate and identify mechanisms.  © The Author(s), 2021. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
A high-fat diet disrupts the hepatic and adipose circadian rhythms and modulates the diurnal rhythm of gut microbiota-derived short-chain fatty acids in gestational mice; The prevalence of gestational obesity has reached epidemic proportions. Evidence supported that the interactions between the gut microbiota and circadian clocks far reached, affecting host metabolism. Our study aimed to investigate the effect of a high-fat diet (HF) on the hepatic and adipose circadian rhythms in gestational mice and to explore the role of gut microbiota-derived short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in mediating the effects. C57BL/6 female mice were randomly fed a standard chow diet (Ctr) or HF prior to and during pregnancy. Samples were collected every 4 h over 24 h (six time points), and 16S rRNA and metabonomics were carried out. Rhythmic patterns were identified and compared using CircaCompare. The results showed that the HF before and during pregnancy significantly induced obesity and worsen glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, and lipid metabolism in the gestational mice. Furthermore, the HF significantly disrupted the rhythmic pattern of hepatic and adipose circadian clock genes and downstream metabolic genes. Importantly, our results revealed that the HF altered the diurnal rhythm of the gut microbiota in a diverse manner, which was assessed across three categories: phase shift, loss rhythmicity, and gained rhythmicity. We report here, for the first time, a parallel alteration of the rhythmic phase of butyric acid and butyrate-producing Clostridiaceae_1, which was confirmed by a positive correlation between them. Overall, our research emphasized the importance of the rhythmicity of gut microbiota-derived SCFAs in mediating circadian disruption in response to the HF in gestational mice, which may provide novel insights into the prevention and treatment of gestational obesity. Copyright © 2022 Ding, Liu, Zhou, Jia, Li, Zhang, Yu and Xiao.
Prolactin and Maternal Metabolism in Women With a Recent GDM Pregnancy and Links to Future T2D: The SWIFT Study; Context: Prolactin is a multifaceted hormone known to regulate lactation. In women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) history, intensive lactation has been associated with lower relative risk of future type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, the role of prolactin in T2D development and maternal metabolism in women with a recent GDM pregnancy has not been ascertained. Objective: We examined the relationships among prolactin, future T2D risk, and key clinical and metabolic parameters. Methods: We utilized a prospective GDM research cohort (the SWIFT study) and followed T2D onset by performing 2-hour 75-g research oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and again annually for 2 years, and also by retrieving clinical diagnoses of T2D from 2 years through 10 years of follow up from electronic medical records. Targeted metabolomics and lipidomics were applied on fasting plasma samples collected at study baseline from 2-hour 75-g research OGTTs in a nested case-control study (100 future incident T2D cases vs 100 no T2D controls). Results: Decreasing prolactin quartiles were associated with increased future T2D risk (adjusted odds ratio 2.48; 95% CI, 0.81-7.58; P=0.05). In women who maintained normoglycemia during the 10-year follow-up period, higher prolactin at baseline was associated with higher insulin sensitivity (P=0.038) and HDL-cholesterol (P=0.01), but lower BMI (P=0.001) and leptin (P=0.002). Remarkably, among women who developed future T2D, prolactin was not correlated with a favorable metabolic status (all P>0.05). Metabolomics and lipidomics showed that lower circulating prolactin strongly correlated with a T2D-high risk lipid profile, with elevated circulating neutral lipids and lower concentrations of specific phospholipids/sphingolipids. Conclusion: In women with recent GDM pregnancy, low circulating prolactin is associated with specific clinical and metabolic parameters and lipid metabolites linked to a high risk of developing T2D.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
The Impact of Nutrition-Based Interventions on Nutritional Status and Metabolic Health in Small Island Developing States: A Systematic Review and Narrative Synthesis; Small island developing states (SIDS) have a high burden of nutrition-related disease associated with nutrient-poor, energy-dense diets. In response to these issues, we assessed the effectiveness of nutrition-based interventions on nutritional status (under-nutrition) and metabolic health (over-nutrition) among persons in SIDS. We included SIDS-based nutrition studies with change in nutrition status (e.g., markers of anaemia) or metabolic status (e.g., markers of glycaemia) as outcomes. The PRISMA framework was applied and MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, OARE library, Web of Science, Scopus, ASSIA, EconLit, AGORA, AGRICOLA, AGRIS, WHO-EMRO, and LILACS were searched (2000–2020). Cochrane risk of bias (ROB) and Cochrane ROBINS-I tools assessed ROB for randomised and non-randomised studies, respectively. PROSPERO registration (CRD42021236396) was undertaken. We included 50 eligible interventions, involving 37,591 participants: 14 trials reported on nutritional status, 36 on metabolic health. Effective interventions, evaluated at the individual level, took a multifaceted approach for metabolic outcomes; while nutrition outcomes utilised supplements. Most intervention types were suitable for issues related to ‘over’ nutrition versus ‘under’ nutrition. Twenty-six studies (nutrition status (six); metabolic health (twenty)) were effective (p < 0.05). With the current rise of nutrition-related public health challenges, there is a need for further development and evaluation of these and related interventions at the population level. © 2022 by the authors.
Evaluation of Chemerin in Diabetic Type 2 Patients with Metabolic Syndrome in both Gender; Aims Chemerin abnormal level represents a risk indicator of visceral fat increase. It has a role in the incidence of inflammation, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and diabetes. This study aimed to evaluate Chemerin level in diabetic type 2 patients with metabolic syndrome in both Genders. Materials & Methods This study was carried out on the patients referred to the Al-Yarmouk Teaching Hospital in 2021-2022. 88 participants were selected by random sampling method and were divided into two groups including T2DM patients with metabolic syndrome in the experience group (n=55) compared with healthy subjects in the control group (n=38). Triacylglycerol (TG), High-Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol (HDL-c), Obesity (BMI), serum Chemerin, Hypertension (SBP), age, Fasting Blood Glucose (FBG), and Glycated Haemoglobin (HbA1C) were measured in the two studied groups. Data were analyzed using T-test through SPSS 21 Software. Findings A significant difference was observed between the levels of BMI, SBP, FBG, TG, HDL-c, Chemerin weight, DBP, and HbA1c in the studied groups (p=0.05). The rate of WC and HDL-c was higher in the females than in males in the experience group. While, there was a significant increase in the rates of SBP, FBG, TG, and Chemerin in males than females. A positive correlation coefficient was observed between age, SBP, WC, BMI, FBG, TG, and HbA1c with Chemerin level in the experience group. Conclusion An increase in Chemerin level is associated with a high level of triglycerides during the onset of symptoms of metabolic syndrome, age, and gender, which affect the increase of adipokine. Copyright © 2022, the Authors | Publishing Rights, ASPI.
Probiotics and synbiotics supplementation improve glycemic control parameters in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Probiotics and synbiotics have been proposed to exhibit an important role in glucose homeostasis and maintain the balance of the gut microbiota. However, clinical trials have shown mixed findings. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effects of probiotics and synbiotics intake on glycemic outcomes among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library were searched up to March 2022 for published RCTs exploring the effectiveness of probiotics and synbiotics compared to control on glycemic outcomes. The random-effects model was applied in order to the estimation of 95 % confidence interval (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for each endpoint. Meta-analysis of forty-six RCTs (3067 participants) showed that probiotics and synbiotics supplementation significantly reduced fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (weighted mean difference (WMD): − 11.18 mg/dl, 95 % CI: − 13.60, − 8.75, p ˂0.001), fasting insulin serum level (WMD: −1.23 µIU/ml, 95 % CI: −1.76, −0.71, p ˂0.001), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (WMD: −0.35 %, 95 % CI: −0.44, −0.26, p˂0.001), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: −0.87, 95 % CI: −1.09, −0.65, p˂0.001). Additionally, probiotics and synbiotics intake resulted in an increase in values of quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (WMD: 0.01, 95 % CI: 0.00, 0.01, p˂0.001). However, probiotics and synbiotics consumption did not change glucose values following oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Our findings suggest that probiotic and synbiotic intake has favorable effects on glycemic profile in patients with prediabetes and T2DM. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Vitamin E and Metabolic Health: Relevance of Interactions with Other Micronutrients; A hundred years have passed since vitamin E was identified as an essential micronutrient for mammals. Since then, many biological functions of vitamin E have been unraveled in both cell and animal models, including antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, as well as regulatory activities on cell signaling and gene expression. However, the bioavailability and physiological functions of vitamin E have been considerably shown to depend on lifestyle, genetic factors, and individual health conditions. Another important facet that has been considered less so far is the endogenous interaction with other nutrients. Accumulating evidence indicates that the interaction between vitamin E and other nutrients, especially those that are enriched by supplementation in humans, may explain at least some of the discrepancies observed in clinical trials. Meanwhile, increasing evidence suggests that the different forms of vitamin E metabolites and derivates also exhibit physiological activities, which are more potent and mediated via different pathways compared to the respective vitamin E precursors. In this review, possible molecular mechanisms between vitamin E and other nutritional factors are discussed and their potential impact on physiological and pathophysiological processes is evaluated using published co-supplementation studies. © 2022 by the authors.
An Ethnopharmaceutical Study on the Hypolipidemic Formulae in Taiwan Issued by Traditional Chinese Medicine Pharmacies; Globally, approximately one-third of ischemic heart diseases are due to hyperlipidemia, which has been shown to cause various metabolic disorders. This study was aimed to disassemble and analyze hypolipidemic formulae sold by traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) pharmacies. Using commonly used statistical parameters in ethnopharmacology, we identified the core drug combination of the hypolipidemic formulae, thereby exploring the strategy by which the Taiwanese people select hypolipidemic drugs. Most important of all, we preserved the inherited knowledge of TCM. We visited 116 TCM pharmacies in Taiwan and collected 91 TCM formulae. The formulae were mainly disassembled by macroscopical identification, and the medicinal materials with a relative frequency of citation (RFC) >0.2 were defined as commonly used medicinal materials. Subsequently, we sorted the information of medicinal materials recorded in the Pharmacopeia, searched for modern pharmacological research on commonly used medicinal materials using PubMed database, and visualized data based on the statistical results. Finally, the core hypolipidemic medicinal materials used in folk medicine were obtained. Of the 91 TCM formulae collected in this study, 80 traditional Chinese medicinal materials were used, belonging to 43 families, predominantly Lamiaceae. Roots were the most commonly used part as a medicinal material. There were 17 commonly used medicinal materials. Based on medicinal records in Pharmacopeia, most flavors and properties were warm and pungent, the majority traditional effects were “tonifying and replenishing” and “blood-regulating.” Besides, the targeted diseases searching from modern pharmacological studies were diabetes mellitus and dyslipidemia. The core medicinal materials consisted of Astragalus mongholicus Bunge and Crataegus pinnatifida Bunge, and the core formulae were Bu-Yang-Huan-Wu-Tang and Xie-Fu-Zhu-Yu-Tang. In addition, 7 groups of folk misused medicinal materials were found. Although these TCMs have been used for a long period of time, their hypolipidemic mechanisms remain unclear, and further studies are needed to validate their safety and efficacy. Copyright © 2022 Chi, Chao, Ko and Huang.
The role of complement in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become a leading cause of chronic liver diseases globally. NAFLD includes a range of hepatic manifestations, starting with liver steatosis and potentially evolving towards nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, cirrhosis or even hepatocellular carcinoma. Although the pathogenesis of NAFLD is incompletely understood, insulin resistance and lipid metabolism disorder are implicated. The complement system is an essential part of the immune system, but it is also involved in lipid metabolism. In particular, activation of the alternative complement pathway and the production of complement activation products such as C3a, C3adesArg (acylation stimulating protein or ASP) and C5a, are strongly associated with insulin resistance, lipid metabolism disorder, and hepatic inflammation. In this review, we briefly summarize research on the role of the complement system in NAFLD, aiming to provide a basis for the development of novel therapeutic strategies for NAFLD. Copyright © 2022 Guo, Fan, Yao, Tomlinson, Yuan and He.
Modulation of gut microbiota and hypoglycemic/hypolipidemic activity of flavonoids from the fruits of Lycium barbarum on high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic mice; Lycium barbarum has been used as a traditional medicinal and edible plant in China. The fruits of L. barbarum, rich in flavonoids with large exploration potential, are associated with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities that may contribute to reducing the risk of diabetes. However, information on the antidiabetic activity of flavonoids from L. barbarum (LBFs) is still limited. In this study, therefore, the effects of LBFs on the high-fat diet (HFD)/streptozotocin (STZ)-induced type 2 diabetes (T2DM) mice were investigated. LBFs showed significant anti-diabetic activity, as evidenced by the recovery of various physical signs (body weight and the level of GLP-1 were increased and water consumption, liver index, fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, HOMA-IS, levels of HbA1c, and OGTT were decreased), improving the function of glucose and lipid metabolism (levels of TC and TG in the serum and liver were decreased, mRNA expression of GK, PFK and PPARα were increased, and mRNA expression of G6Pase, PEPCK, PPARγ, FAS, ACC, and SREBP-1c were inhibited), reduction of the expression of proinflammatory cytokines and related mRNA (such as LPS, TLR-4, TNF-α, IL-6, IL-10, and IFN-γ), and restoration of liver tissue structure (characterized with reduction of fat vesicles, remission of hepatocyte swelling, and orderly arrangement of hepatic cords). Moreover, the modulation of gut microbiota of HFD/STZ-induced T2DM mice was explored. The results showed that Bacteroidales_S24-7_group, Lachnospiraceae, Ruminococcaceae, Clostridiales_vadinBB60_group, Allobaculum, Turicibacter, Coriobacteriaeceae and Enterococcus were the dominant bacteria associated with T2DM. In conclusion, LBFs ameliorated HFD/STZ-induced T2DM in mice through three targets, including improving glucose and lipid metabolism, blocking pro-inflammatory cytokines, and regulating gut microbiota, except that the optimal dose of LBFs needs to be further explored. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Long non-coding RNAs: a valuable biomarker for metabolic syndrome; Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have become important regulators of gene expression because they affect a wide range of biological processes, such as cell growth, death, differentiation, and aging. More and more evidence suggests that lncRNAs play a role in maintaining metabolic homeostasis. When certain lncRNAs are out of balance, metabolic disorders like diabetes, obesity, and heart disease get worse. In this review, we talk about what we know about how lncRNAs control metabolism, with a focus on diseases caused by long-term inflammation and the characteristics of the metabolic syndrome. We looked at lncRNAs and their molecular targets in the pathogenesis of signaling pathways. We also talked about how lncRNAs are becoming more and more interesting as diagnostic and therapeutic targets for improving metabolic homeostasis. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The association between vaginal microbiota disorders and early missed abortion: A prospective study; Introduction: The objective of this study was to explore the association between disordered vaginal microbiota and missed abortion to ascertain potential causes of missed abortion related to vaginal microbiology. Material and methods: This study was a prospective cohort study with a comparison group (reference group). Vaginal secretions from the posterior fornix of women in the early stages of pregnancy were collected in the Xiangya Third Hospital of Central South University in Changsha, Hunan, China, from November 2018 to November 2019. A total of 54 cases of missed abortion (case group) and 50 cases of normal pregnancy requiring induced abortion (reference group) were analyzed. Bacterial DNA was extracted, hybridized with gene-specific primers, and then detected using a bacterial chip. The composition and relative abundance of vaginal microbiota in the two groups were compared using α-diversity analysis, β-diversity analysis, and the linear discriminant analysis effect size method. Results: The α-diversity analysis showed that the Simpson index of the case group was lower than that of the reference group, whereas the Shannon index in the case group was higher. The relative abundance of Firmicutes in the case group (42.52%) was lower than in the reference group (51.03%, p < 0.05), as was the relative abundance of Lactobacillus (case group 16.51%, reference group 23.00%; p < 0.05). Interestingly, levels of Mycoplasma genitalium and Ureaplasma were lower in the case group (p < 0.05). The relative abundance of Lactobacillus crispatus, Lactobacillus jensenii, and Lactobacillus gasseri was also significantly lower in the case group than in the reference group (p < 0.05). The pathways enriched in the case group were predominantly related to metabolism, whereas the genetics-related pathways were predominantly enriched in the reference group. Conclusions: Bacteria are more diverse and unevenly distributed in patients with missed abortion. Decreases in the proportion of vaginal Lactobacillus and changes in Lactobacillus species in these patients may increase the chance of genital tract pathogenic bacterial infection. To our knowledge, our study was the first to observe that a decrease of Firmicutes levels in the vaginal microbiota might impair energy metabolism and have an association with missed abortion. © 2022 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Prenatal smoke (Nicotine) exposure and offspring's metabolic disease susceptibility in adulthood; Exposure to smoking (nicotine) during pregnancy not only directly affects fetal development, but also increases susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adulthood, but the mechanism of action remains unclear. Here, we review epidemiological and laboratory studies linking these relationships. In addition to the direct effect of nicotine on the fetus, intrauterine neuroendocrine-metabolic programming mediated by maternal glucocorticoid overexposure also plays an important role, involving glucocorticoid-insulin-like growth factor 1 (GC-IGF1) axis, hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and other endocrine systems. Epigenetics is involved in intrauterine neuroendocrine-metabolic programming, metabolic disease susceptibility and multigenerational inheritance. There are “two programming” and “two strikes” mechanisms for the occurrence of fetal-originated metabolic diseases in adulthood. These innovative research summaries and academic viewpoints provide experimental and theoretical basis for systematically elucidating the occurrence and development of fetal-originated metabolic diseases. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Spexin and Metformin Comparative Ameliorated Ovarian and Liver Function Changes in Letrozole-Induced Polycystic Ovary SyndromeinRats(Histological,Biochemical,Immunohistochemical and Morphometric Study); Introduction: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterized by polycystic ovarian follicle morphology, ovulatory dysfunction, hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Spexin has a role in satiety control, lipid and glucose metabolism. Metformin is an insulin sensitizing agent that has some hepato-protective functions. Aim: This study aimed to declare and compare the effect of spexin and metformin treatment on ovarian and liver function changes in letrozole-induced PCOS in rats and the possible mechanisms involved. Materials and Methods: Thirty-two adult female Wistar albino rats divided into control, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), PCOS metformin-treated, and PCOS spexin-treated groups. In PCOS groups, rats were given oral letrozole 0.5 mg/kg dissolved in 0.9% NaCl once daily along the study. In PCOS metformin-treated group, rats were treated with metformin hydrochloride orally (300 mg/kg/day) for the last 4 weeks. In PCOS spexin-treated group, rats were treated with spexin i.p. 35 μg/kg/day, dissolved in normal saline for the last 4 weeks. Results: In PCOS group, there was a significant increase in; BMI, relative ovarian weight, HOMA-IR, serum (LH, FSH, testosterone, insulin, glucose, TC, TG, LDL, ALT, AST, alkaline phosphatase, total & direct bilirubin) and hepatic (MDA, NO & TNF-α), with a significant decrease in; serum [estradiol, progesterone, HDL, albumin and spexin] and hepatic GPX, when compared with the control group. Histopathological results showed ovaries of PCOS marked expression of caspase-3 and P53 and decreased KI67 expression of granulosa and theca cells. Vacuolated hepatocytes, dilated and congested portal vein and positive reaction of immunostaining with αSMA, caspase and TNFα. Treatment of PCOS rats with either metformin or spexin reversed these changes significantly. Conclusion: Spexin serum level could be used as a metabolic biomarker for polycystic ovary syndrome. Also, treatment with either metformin or spexin ameliorated ovarian and hepatic dysfunctions in rat model of PCOS through their insulin sensitizing, anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. © 2022. All rights served.
Insulin increases placental triglyceride as a potential mechanism for fetal adiposity in maternal obesity; Objective: Maternal obesity increases the incidence of excess adiposity in newborns, resulting in lifelong diabetes risk. Elevated intrauterine fetal adiposity has been attributed to maternal hyperglycemia; however, this hypothesis does not account for the increased adiposity seen in newborns of mothers with obesity who have euglycemia. We aimed to explore the placental response to maternal hyperinsulinemia and the effect of insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) in promoting fetal adiposity by increasing storage and availability of nutrients to the fetus. Methods: We used placental villous explants and isolated trophoblasts from normal weight and obese women to assess the effect of insulin and IGF-2 on triglyceride content and insulin receptor signaling. Stable isotope tracer methods were used ex vivo to determine effect of hormone treatment on de novo lipogenesis (DNL), fatty acid uptake, fatty acid oxidation, and esterification in the placenta. Results: Here we show that placentae from euglycemic women with normal weight and obesity both have abundant insulin receptor. Placental depth and triglyceride were greater in women with obesity compared with normal weight women. In syncytialized placental trophoblasts and villous explants, insulin and IGF-2 activate insulin receptor, induce expression of lipogenic transcription factor SREBP-1 (sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1), and stimulate triglyceride accumulation. We demonstrate elevated triglyceride is attributable to increased esterification of fatty acids, without contribution from DNL and without an acceleration of fatty acid uptake. Conclusions: Our work reveals that obesity-driven aberrations in maternal metabolism, such as hyperinsulinemia, alter placental metabolism in euglycemic conditions, and may explain the higher prevalence of excess adiposity in the newborns of obese women. © 2022 The Author(s)
Effects of Ultrafine Ground Pea Dietary Fiber on Intestinal Flora and Metabolites in Diabetic Mice; The aim of this study is to clarify the effects of ultrafine ground pea dietary fiber (UGPDF) on the intestinal microflora and metabolites of diabetic mice so as to reveal the mechanism of its hypoglycemic effect. A diabetic mouse model was established by intritoneal injection of streptozotocin, and the diabetic mice were gavaged with either metformin or UGPDF with high-dose (0.9 g/ (mL•d)) and low-dose (0.45 g/ (mL•d)) for four weeks. The changes in blood glucose level and liver cell morphology were measured during the experimental period. The protein expression levels of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K), protein kinase B (AKT) and insulin-like growth factors (IGF) were detected by Western blot. The composition of the fecal microbial flora of mice in each group was analyzed by high-throughput sequencing. The results showed that UGPDF could regulate the abundance and diversity of the intestinal microflora in diabetic mice. The number of operational taxonomic units (OTUs) in the high-dose UGPDF group was 300 ± 36, and the Shannon and Simpson indexes of this group were significantly different from those of diabetic mice. UGPDF intervention increased the abundance of beneficial bacteria such as Lactobacillus and Lachnospiraceae (P < 0.05), and decreased the abundance of pathogenic bacteria such as Helicobater, Klebsiella compared to the model group (P < 0.05). Moreover, after UGPDF intervention, the contents of six short-chain fatty acids in the feces of mice were significantly increased, and the most significant effect was observed in the high-dose group, showing an increase in the contents of acetic acid, propionic acid and butyric acid by 63.7%, 75.9% and 96.0%, respectively, reaching a level similar to that of the normal group. At the same time, the results of liver Histological examination and Western blot showed that UGPDF could regulate the PI3K/AKT/IGF signaling pathway in the liver of diabetic mice, repair liver cell injury and improve insulin sensitivity. © 2022, China Food Publishing Company. All right reserved.
The effect of Chinese herbal formulas combined with metformin on modulating the gut microbiota in the amelioration of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; To assess and analyse the effectiveness and safety of combined Chinese herbal formula (CHF) and metformin treatment in the modulation of the gut microbiota in the amelioration of type 2 diabetes mellitus(T2DM), all publications addressing the effect of this combination treatment on the quantitative alterations in the gut microbiota and glucose parameters were collected. Rob tool in the Cochrane handbook was performed to evaluate the methodological quality of all included studies. Relevant information and statistics were abstracted and synthesized in Review Manager 5.4 to evaluate the efficacy of combination treatment. Sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses were used to analyse the sources of heterogeneity. Publication bias analyses were performed by Stata software to assess the robustness and quality of the outcomes. As a result, a total of 12 eligible RCTs with 1307 T2DM participants from 7 electronic databases were included. Combined CHF with metformin treatment showed better efficacies than metformin monotherapy in regulating the structure of the gut microbiota, characterized by increased Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus and Bacteroidetes and decreased Enterobacteriaceae, Enterococcus, and Saccharomyces along with better decreases in glycated haemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour postprandial blood glucose, fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Subgroup analyses further analysed the effect of metformin doses and CHF classifications on controlling hyperglycaemia and altering the gut microbiota. In conclusion, our meta-analysis suggested that combined CHF with metformin treatment is promising for the modulation of the gut microbiota along with ameliorating hyperglycemia in T2DM patients. Importantly, more well-designed RCTs are needed to validate the outcomes and verify the treatment value for clinical purposes. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?ID=CRD42021291524, identifier CRD42021291524. Copyright © 2022 Xu, Zheng, Jiang, Chen, Zhu and Zhang.
Screening for Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes in Children and Adolescents US Preventive Services Task Force Recommendation Statement; IMPORTANCE The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 210 000 children and adolescents younger than 20 years had diabetes as of 2018; of these, approximately 23 000 had type 2 diabetes. Youth with type 2 diabetes have an increased prevalence of associated chronic comorbid conditions, including hypertension, dyslipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Data indicate that the incidence of type 2 diabetes is rising; from 2002-2003 to 2014-2015, incidence increased from 9.0 cases per 100 000 children and adolescents to 13.8 cases per 100 000 children and adolescents. OBJECTIVE The US Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) commissioned a review of the evidence on screening for prediabetes and type 2 diabetes in asymptomatic, nonpregnant persons younger than 18 years. This is a new recommendation. POPULATION Children and adolescents younger than 18 years without known diabetes or prediabetes or symptoms of diabetes or prediabetes. EVIDENCE ASSESSMENT The USPSTF concludes that the evidence is insufficient to assess the balance of benefits and harms of screening for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents. There is a lack of evidence on the effect of screening for, and early detection and treatment of, type 2 diabetes on health outcomes in youth, and the balance of benefits and harms cannot be determined. RECOMMENDATION The USPSTF concludes that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the balance of benefits and harms of screening for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents. (I statement) © 2022 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Use of Ferulic Acid in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complications; Diabetes mellitus, a metabolic disease mainly characterized by hyperglycemia, is becoming a serious social health problem worldwide with growing prevalence. Many natural compounds have been found to be effective in the prevention and treatment of diabetes, with negligible toxic effects. Ferulic acid (FA), a phenolic compound commonly found in medicinal herbs and the daily diet, was proved to have several pharmacological effects such as antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic and antioxidant actions, which are beneficial to the management of diabetes and its complications. Data from PubMed, EM-BASE, Web of Science and CNKI were searched with the keywords ferulic acid and diabetes mellitus. Finally, 28 articles were identified after literature screening, and the research progress of FA for the management of DM and its complications was summarized in the review, in order to provide references for further research and medical applications of FA. © 2022 by the authors.
Limosilactobacillus reuteri FN041 prevents atopic dermatitis in pup mice by remodeling the ileal microbiota and regulating gene expression in Peyer’s patches after vertical transmission; Objectives: Limosilactobacillus reuteri FN041 is a potential probiotic bacterium isolated from breast milk in traditional farming and pastoral areas of China. The purpose of this study was to investigate the optimal intervention mode and potential mechanism of FN041 to prevent atopic dermatitis (AD) in mice. Methods: In intervention mode I, FN041 was supplemented to dams during the late trimester and lactation and pups after weaning; in intervention mode II, FN041 was supplemented after pups were weaned. AD was induced in pups with MC903 plus ovalbumin on the ear after weaning. Results: The effect of intervention mode I in preventing AD was significantly better than that of intervention mode II. Compared with the model group, the inflammatory response of the pup’s ears, the proportion of spleen regulatory T cells and the plasma IgE were significantly decreased in mice in intervention mode I. Furthermore, the intestinal mucosal barrier was enhanced, and the Shannon index of the ileal microbiota was significantly increased. The microbiota structure deviated from the AD controls and shifted toward the healthy controls according to the PCoA of unweighted UniFrac. The relative abundances of Limosilactobacillus, Faecalibacterium, Bifidobacterium, and Akkermansia in the ileum were significantly increased compared to the AD group. Based on RNA-seq analysis of pups’ Peyer’s patches (PPs), FN041 inhibits autoimmune pathways such as asthma and systemic lupus erythematosus and activates retinol metabolism and PPAR signaling pathways to reduce inflammatory responses. Intervention mode II also significantly reduced AD severity score, but the reduction was approximately 67% of that of intervention mode I. This may be related to its ineffective remodeling of the ileal microbiota. Conclusion: Prenatal and postnatal administration of FN041 is an effective way to prevent AD in offspring, and its mechanism is related to remodeling of ileal microbiota and PPs immune response. Copyright © 2022 Zhou, Xu, Li, Tu, Li, Chang, Chen, Yu, Qi and Sun.
The levels of osteopontin in human milk of Chinese mothers and its associations with maternal body composition; Objective: This study explored the content and change trend of osteopontin (OPN) in breast milk and analyzed the relationship between OPN in breast milk and maternal body composition. Methods: Breast-feeding mothers were recruited in Xinhua Hospital to collect breast milk and provide pertinent information. The content of OPN in breast milk was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Determination of protein content in human milk was performed via the BCA method. The maternal body composition was determined by the bioelectrical impedance method. Serum glucocorticoid receptor α, adiponectin, insulin, and leptin were determined by ELISA. SPSS 25 was used for statistical analysis. Results: In the longitudinal cohort, 106 mothers provided 318 milk samples at different lactation periods. The results indicate that the OPN showed dynamic changes. OPN levels were (343.2 ± 163.5) mg/L during 1[sbnd]14 days postpartum, (228.4 ± 121.5) mg/L during 2[sbnd]4 months postpartum, and (204.8 ± 100.6) mg/L during 5[sbnd]7 months postpartum. The content of OPN was very high in the first 1[sbnd]14 days postpartum and then decreased. Compared with early postpartum milk, the OPN content of mature milk showed a significant relationship with maternal weight-related parameters. Additional body composition analysis was performed in 88 women at the mature milk phase. The results show that the OPN in milk is related to the mother's body composition, especially the content of skeletal muscle mass, but not to relevant humoral factors. Conclusions: The levels of OPN in human milk of Chinese mothers showed dynamic changes with the extension of lactation time. The OPN in human milk was related to the mother's body composition but not related to related humoral factors. © 2022
Antidiabetogenic mechanisms of probiotic action in food matrices: A review; Background: Disturbances in the gut microbiome can lead to increased intestinal permeability and immune response, and consequently to the onset of diabetes. Fermented foods contain lactic acid bacteria and bioactive metabolites, the postbiotics, such as exopolysaccharides and peptides, that have the potential to exert a wide range of metabolic functions and influencing gene expression related to glucose and insulin metabolism. This review discusses the potential therapeutic effects of probiotics in diabetes, in addition to a balanced diet with a focus on dairy. Methods: Articles were found by using a combination of keyword searches in the Scopus and Science Direct databases. Were selected preferably the articles from the last seven years and 16 of them have been compiled to allow for further discussion about the mechanisms of antidiabetogenic activity. Results: The main findings from the administration of probiotics in the treatment of diabetes were: decreased insulin resistance, decreased plasma glucose, reduced intestinal permeability, decreased absorption of LPS, increased GLP-1 production, and decreased inflammatory cytokines. The antidiabetogenic probiotic activity may be due to the i) bioactives formed as a result of fermentation, the postbiotics; ii) bioactives present in food matrices with antidiabetogenic action and to the iii) biactives naturally present in matrices with prebiotic action. However, the knowledge about postbiotics formed by probiotic bacteria in different food matrices is still incipient. Conclusion: The modulation of the gut microbiota through the use of probiotics associated with healthy eating habits can help regulate lipid metabolism, improving insulin sensitivity and glycemic control. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Pancreatic Islets as a Target of Adipokines; Rising rates of obesity are intricately tied to the type 2 diabetes epidemic. The adipose tissues can play a central role in protection against or triggering metabolic diseases through the secretion of adipokines. Many adipokines may improve peripheral insulin sensitivity through a variety of mechanisms, thereby indirectly reducing the strain on beta cells and thus improving their viability and functionality. Such effects will not be the focus of this article. Rather, we will focus on adipocyte-secreted molecules that have a direct effect on pancreatic islets. By their nature, adipokines represent potential druggable targets that can reach the islets and improve beta-cell function or preserve beta cells in the face of metabolic stress. © American Physiological Society.
Contribution of organokines in the development of NAFLD/NASH associated hepatocellular carcinoma; Globally the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is on an upsurge. Evidence is accumulating that liver disorders like nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and its more progressive form nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) are associated with increased risk of developing HCC. NAFLD has a prevalence of about 25% and 50%–90% in obese population. With the growing burden of obesity epidemic worldwide, HCC presents a major healthcare burden. While cirrhosis is one of the major risk factors of HCC, available literature suggests that NAFLD/NASH associated HCC also develops in minimum or noncirrhotic livers. Therefore, there is an urgent need to understand the pathogenesis and risk factors associated with NAFLD and NASH related HCC that would help in early diagnosis and favorable prognosis of HCC secondary to NAFLD. Adipokines, hepatokines and myokines are factors secreted by adipocytes, hepatocytes and myocytes, respectively, playing essential roles in cellular homeostasis, energy balance and metabolism with autocrine, paracrine and endocrine effects. In this review, we endeavor to focus on the role of these organokines in the pathogenesis of NAFLD/NASH and its progression to HCC to augment the understanding of the factors stimulating hepatocytes to acquire a malignant phenotype. This shall aid in the development of novel therapeutic strategies and tools for early diagnosis of NAFLD/NASH and HCC. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Ursolic acid and SARS-CoV-2 infection: a new horizon and perspective; SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus type 2) has been identified as the source of a world coronavirus pandemic in 2019. Covid-19 is considered a main respiratory disease-causing viral pneumonia and, in severe cases, leads to acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Although, extrapulmonary manifestations of Covid-19 like neurological, cardiovascular, and gastrointestinal have been confirmed. Exaggerated immune response and release of a high amount of pro-inflammatory cytokines may progress, causing a cytokine storm. Consequently, direct and indirect effects of SARS-CoV-2 infection can evolve into systemic complications due to the progression of hyper inflammation, oxidative stress and dysregulation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Therefore, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant agents could be efficient in alleviating these disorders. Ursolic acid has anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and antiviral effects; it reduces the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines, improves anti-inflammatory cytokines, and inhibits the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). In virtue of its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects, ursolic acid may minimize SARS-CoV-2 infection-induced complications. Also, by regulating RAS and inflammatory signaling pathways, ursolic acid might effectively reduce the development of ALI in ARDS in Covid-19. In this state, this perspective discusses how ursolic acid can mitigate hyper inflammation and oxidative stress in Covid-19. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Markers, pathways, and current evidence for periodontitis-associated insulin resistance: A narrative review; Aims and Objectives: The aim of the present paper is to provide a narrative review of the markers and pathways of periodontitis-associated insulin resistance (IR). Materials and Methods: Research papers published in peer-reviewed scientific journals from 2000 to 2021 were searched systematically in Online Cochrane Library, Google Scholar, and MedLine/PubMed database. The medical subject headings (MeSH) terms used for literature search were 'diabetes AND periodontal disease,' 'diabetes AND periodontitis,' 'inflammation AND insulin resistance,' 'Insulin resistance AND periodontal disease,' and 'insulin resistance AND periodontitis.' Manual search for applicable work in review article peer-reviewed print journals, and latest editions of standard textbooks of pharmacology and pathology were searched for updated additional information. Relevant papers in English language on the topic and abstracts of pertinent articles after excluding the duplicates, animal studies, and in-vitro studies were also scrutinized thoroughly and finally included as required in this narrative review. Results: Literature search in MedLine/PubMed with MeSH words mentioned above revealed 4,621, 4,993, 19,349, 414, and 434 papers, respectively. Seven out of 13 systematic reviews and a total of 18 randomized clinical trials to evaluate periodontitis-induced IR were short-listed to update current evidences. The current literature in the past two decades has evaluated the effect of periodontal therapy on various type-2 diabetes (T2D) biomarkers following periodontal therapy. These indicators of periodontal disease activity and surrogate biomarkers of T2D in periodontitis may be an important diagnostic tool for the early prediction of complications due to IR. This increased systemic burden of proinflammatory cytokines by periodontitis can be reduced by periodontal therapy, thus improving the patient's overall systemic condition. Conclusion: The inflammatory response in periodontitis is characterized by dysregulated secretion of host-derived mediators of inflammation and tissue breakdown that may lead to IR. It can be comprehended that periodontal disease is a recognized amendable risk factor for T2D.  © 2022 Journal of International Society of Preventive and Community Dentistry | Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow.
Long-Term Follow-Up on Morbidity Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates up to 10% of pregnancies and is a well-known risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Little is known about possible long-term risks of other diseases. Background: The aim was to review the literature for evidence of associations with morbidity other than T2DM and cardiovascular disease and with long-term mortality. Methods: A systematic review based on searches in Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library until March 31, 2021, using a broad range of keywords. We extracted study characteristics and results on associations between GDM and disease occurrence at least 10 years postpartum, excluding studies on women with diabetes prior to pregnancy or only diabetes prior to outcome. The results are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess risk of bias. Results: We screened 3084 titles, 81 articles were assessed full-text, and 15 included in the review. The strongest evidence for an association was for kidney diseases, particularly in Black women. We found indication of an association with liver disease, possibly restricted to women with T2DM postpartum. The association between GDM and breast cancer had been studied extensively, but in most cases based on self-reported diagnosis and with conflicting results. Only sparse and inconsistent results were found for other cancers. No study on thyroid diseases was found, and no study reported on short-term or long-term mortality in women with a history of GDM. Conclusion: Given the frequency of GDM, there is a need for better evidence on possible long-term health consequences, in particular, studies based on comprehensive records of diagnosis of GDM and long-term health outcomes.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Non-coding RNAs in diabetes mellitus and diabetic cardiovascular disease; More than 10% of the world’s population already suffers from varying degrees of diabetes mellitus (DM), but there is still no cure for the disease. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is one of the most common and dangerous of the many health complications that can be brought on by DM, and has become the leading cause of death in people with diabetes. While research on DM and associated CVD is advancing, the specific mechanisms of their development are still unclear. Given the threat of DM and CVD to humans, the search for new predictive markers and therapeutic ideas is imminent. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) have been a popular subject of research in recent years. Although they do not encode proteins, they play an important role in living organisms, and they can cause disease when their expression is abnormal. Numerous studies have observed aberrant ncRNAs in patients with DM complications, suggesting that they may play an important role in the development of DM and CVD and could potentially act as biomarkers for diagnosis. There is additional evidence that treatment with existing drugs for DM, such as metformin, alters ncRNA expression levels, suggesting that regulation of ncRNA expression may be a key mechanism in future DM treatment. In this review, we assess the role of ncRNAs in the development of DM and CVD, as well as the evidence for ncRNAs as potential therapeutic targets, and make use of bioinformatics to analyze differential ncRNAs with potential functions in DM. Copyright © 2022 Li, Wang, Jiang, Gao, Sun, Li, Chen, Lin and Liu.
Parental Programming of Offspring Health: The Intricate Interplay between Diet, Environment, Reproduction and Development; As adults, our health can be influenced by a range of lifestyle and environmental factors, increasing the risk for developing a series of non-communicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes, heart disease and obesity. Over the past few decades, our understanding of how our adult health can be shaped by events occurring before birth has developed into a well-supported concept, the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD). Supported by epidemiological data and experimental studies, specific mechanisms have been defined linking environmental perturbations, disrupted fetal and neonatal development and adult ill-health. Originally, such studies focused on the significance of poor maternal health during pregnancy. However, the role of the father in directing the development and well-being of his offspring has come into recent focus. Whereas these studies identify the individual role of each parent in shaping the long-term health of their offspring, few studies have explored the combined influences of both parents on offspring well-being. Such understanding is necessary as parental influences on offspring development extend beyond the direct genetic contributions from the sperm and oocyte. This article reviews our current understanding of the parental contribution to offspring health, exploring some of the mechanisms linking parental well-being with gamete quality, embryo development and offspring health. © 2022 by the authors.
Gastrointestinal Microbiome and Multiple Health Outcomes: Umbrella Review; In recent years, there has been growing concern about the impact of the gastrointestinal microbiome on human health outcomes. To clarify the evidence for a link between the gastrointestinal microbiome and a variety of health outcomes in humans, we conducted an all-encompassing review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews that included 195 meta-analyses containing 950 unique health outcomes. The gastrointestinal microbiome is related to mortality, gastrointestinal disease, immune and metabolic outcomes, neurological and psychiatric outcomes, maternal and infant outcomes, and other outcomes. Existing interventions for intestinal microbiota (such as probiotics, fecal microbiota transplant, etc.) are generally safe and beneficial to a variety of human health outcomes, but the quality of evidence is not high, and more detailed and well-designed randomized controlled trials are necessary. © 2022 by the authors.
Maternal Treatment with Metformin Persistently Ameliorates High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Symptoms and Modulates Gut Microbiota in Rat Offspring; A maternal high-fat (HF) diet has long-term deleterious effect on offspring. This study aims to evaluate whether maternal metformin (MT) treatment ameliorates the adverse effects of maternal HF diet on offspring and the role of gut microbiota in it. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned to a HF diet (60% fat) or a standard chow diet (11.8% fat) group, and part of the HF diet group rats were co-treated with MT via drinking water (300 mg/kg/day), resulting in three groups according to maternal diet and MT treatment during gestation and lactation. All offspring were weaned on a chow diet. A maternal HF diet showed a significant deleterious effect on offspring’s metabolic phenotype and induced colonic inflammation and gut-barrier disruption through the reshaped gut microbiota. The daily oral administration of MT to HF-fed dams during gestation and lactation reversed the dysbiosis of gut microbiota in both dams and adult offspring. The hypothalamic TGR5 expression and plasma bile acids composition in adult male offspring was restored by maternal MT treatment, which could regulate hypothalamic appetite-related peptides expression and alleviate inflammation, thereby improving male offspring’s metabolic phenotype. The present study indicates that targeting the gut–brain axis through the mother may be an effective strategy to control the metabolic phenotype of offspring. © 2022 by the authors.
Glucose metabolism and glycosylation link the gut microbiota to autoimmune diseases; Carbohydrates serve as important energy sources and structural substances for human body as well as for gut microbes. As evidenced by the advances in immunometabolism, glucose metabolism and adenosine triphosphate (ATP) generation are deeply involved in immune cell activation, proliferation, and signaling transduction as well as trafficking and effector functions, thus contributing to immune response programming and assisting in host adaption to microenvironment changes. Increased glucose uptake, aberrant expression of glucose transporter 1 (e.g., GLU1), and abnormal glycosylation patterns have been identified in autoimmunity and are suggested as partially responsible for the dysregulated immune response and the modification of gut microbiome composition in the autoimmune pathogenesis. The interaction between gut microbiota and host carbohydrate metabolism is complex and bidirectional. Their impact on host immune homeostasis and the development of autoimmune diseases remains to be elucidated. This review summarized the current knowledge on the crosstalk of glucose metabolism and glycosylation in the host with intestinal microbiota and discussed their possible role in the development and progression of autoimmune diseases. Potential therapeutic strategies targeting glucose metabolism and glycosylation in modulating gut ecosystem and treating autoimmune diseases were discussed as well. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Xu, Yang, Zhou, Zhao and Zhang.
PCSK9 and ANGPTL3 levels correlate with hyperlipidemia in HIV-lipoatrophy, are regulated by fasting and are not affected by leptin administered in physiologic or pharmacologic doses; Background: Medications leveraging the leptin, PCSK9, ANGPTL3 and FABP4 pathways are being developed for the treatment of insulin resistance and/or lipid disorders. To evaluate whether these pathways are independent from each other, we assessed the levels of PCSK9, ANGPTL3 and FABP4, in normal subjects and subjects exhibiting HIV and highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) induced metabolic syndrome with lipoatrophy and hypoleptinemia. Studies were performed at baseline and during food deprivation for three days with either a placebo or leptin administration at physiological replacement doses to correct fasting induced acute hypoleptinemia and in pharmacological doses. Methods: PCSK9, ANGPTL3, FABP4 levels and their correlations to lipoproteins-metabolites were assessed in randomized placebo controlled cross-over studies: a) in 15 normal-weight individuals undergoing three-day admissions in the fed state, in complete fasting with placebo and in complete fasting with leptin treatment in physiologic replacement doses (study 1), b) in 15 individuals day baseline in a fed and three fasting admissions for three days with leptin administered in physiologic, supraphysiologic and pharmacologic doses (study 2), c) in 7 hypoleptinemic men with HIV and HAART-induced lipoatrophy treated with leptin or placebo for two months in the context of a cross over randomized trial (study 3). Results: Circulating ANGPTL3, PCSK9 and FABP4 were markedly elevated in HIV-lipoatrophy and not affected by leptin treatment. PCSK9 levels correlated with lipids and markers of lipid utilization and lipolysis. ANGPTL3 levels correlated with HDL particles and their lipid composition. FABP4 levels were negatively associated with HDL diameter (HDL-D) and composition. PCSK9 and ANGPTL3 levels decreased during food deprivation by ~65 % and 30 % respectively. Leptin administration at physiologic, supraphysiologic and pharmacologic doses did not affect PCSK9, ANGPTL3 and FABP4 levels. Conclusions: PCSK9, ANGPTL3 and FABP4 levels are associated with markers of lipid metabolism and are higher in HIV-lipoatrophy. PCSK9 and ANGPTL3 but not FABP4 decrease in response to food deprivation. PCSK9 and ANGPTL3 regulation is leptin-independent, suggesting independent pathways for lipid regulation. Thus, combining treatments of leptin with PCSK9 and/or ANGPTL3 inhibitors for metabolic diseases should have additive effects and merit further investigation. Clinical trial information: ClinicalTrials.gov no. NCT00140231, NCT00140205, NCT00140244. © 2022
Vitamin D supplementation positively affects anthropometric indices: Evidence obtained from an umbrella meta-analysis; Despite the growing evidence from meta-analyses on vitamin D’s anti-obesity properties, their results are controversial. The current umbrella review was performed to assess the available evidence and provide a conclusive explanation in this regard. The international databases PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Web of Science and Google Scholar were systematically searched till March, 2022. A random-effects model was used to run the meta-analysis. All meta-analyses that examined the effect of vitamin D supplementation on BW, BMI, WC, and fat mass were included. Findings of 14 meta-analyses revealed that vitamin D supplementation reduced body mass index (BMI) (ES: −0.11 kg/m2; 95% CI: −0.18, −0.05, p?0.001; I2 = 61.0%, p < 0.001), and waist circumference (WC) (ES = −0.79 cm; 95% CI: −1.20, −0.37; p < 0.001; I2 = 46.5%, p = 0.096) in comparison to control group. However, the effects of vitamin D on body weight (ES = −0.16 kg, 95% CI: −0.36, 0.04; p = 0.125; I2 = 57.0%, p = 0.017), and fat mass (ES: 0.02, 95% CI: −0.20, 0.24, p = 0.868; I2 = 0.0%, p = 0.531) were not considerable. Vitamin D supplementation significantly improved levels of obesity indices such as BMI, and WC. Copyright © 2022 Musazadeh, Zarezadeh, Ghalichi, Kalajahi and Ghoreishi.
Which is the optimal antiobesity agent for patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease?; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the commonest chronic liver disease and affects a considerable proportion of the general population worldwide. Obesity is a major risk factor for development and progression of NAFLD and weight loss is an effective intervention for the management of NAFLD. However, few patients achieve substantial and sustained weight loss with lifestyle measures. Therefore, antiobesity agents are frequently considered in patients with NAFLD but there are limited data on their safety and efficacy. In the present review, we discuss the role of antiobesity agents in the management of NAFLD. All approved antiobesity agents appear to reduce transaminase levels and to improve steatosis in patients with NAFLD. However, their effects on fibrosis are less well studied and whether they affect liver-related outcomes, including progression to cirrhosis and hepatocellular cancer, is unknown. The glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, liraglutide and semaglutide, appear to represent a first-line option in obese patients with NAFLD and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) since they induce considerable weight loss and have been extensively studied in patients with T2DM. However, more studies are needed to evaluated their effects on liver-related and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with NAFLD, particularly in those without T2DM. Copyright © 2022 Tsankof, Neokosmidis, Koureta, Veneti, Cholongitas and Tziomalos.
Serum Fetuin-A and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: An Observational Study and Mendelian Randomization Analysis; Context: Fetuin-A was reported to be associated with risk of type 2 diabetes, but its association with incident gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was less studied. Objective: We aimed to examine the association between fetuin-A levels in early pregnancy and risk of incident GDM and to evaluate whether this association was causal. Methods: A total of 332 pregnant women with GDM and 664 matched controls were included in this nested case-control study. Multivariable conditional logistic regression was applied to investigate the prospective association between serum fetuin-A in early pregnancy and subsequent risk of GDM. Two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was used to examine the causal association, using summary statistics from the CHARGE Consortium and the FinnGen consortium. Results: The mean age of the participants was 28.0 years, and the mean gestational age was 11.0 weeks (range 6-15) at enrollment. In the final model, the odds ratio (OR) for GDM comparing the extreme quartiles of fetuin-A levels was 1.78 (95% CI 1.06, 2.98; P for trend=0.009), and the restricted cubic spline analysis indicated a linear association (P for nonlinearity=0.83). This positive association was found in women with waist circumference <80 cm but not in those with waist circumference ≥80 cm (P for interaction=0.04). However, MR analyses showed no evidence of a causal association with an OR of 0.91 (95% CI 0.67, 1.23) per unit increment of fetuin-A. Conclusions: Serum fetuin-A levels in early pregnancy were positively associated with risk of GDM, particularly in those with normal waist circumference. However, we found no genetic evidence for a causal association.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
A Longitudinal Study of the Association between the LEPR Polymorphism and Treatment Response in Patients with Bipolar Disorder; Patients with bipolar disorder (BD) exhibit individual variability in the treatment outcome, and genetic background could contribute to BD itself and the treatment outcome. Leptin levels significantly change in BD patients treated with valproate (VPA), but whether LEPR polymorphisms are associated with treatment response is still unknown. This longitudinal study aimed to investigate the associations between LEPR polymorphisms and VPA treatment response in BD patients who were drug naïve at their first diagnosis of BD. The single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of LEPR (rs1137101, rs1137100, rs8179183, and rs12145690) were assayed, and the LEPR polymorphism frequencies of alleles and genotypes were not significantly different between the controls (n = 77) and BD patients (n = 130). In addition, after the 12-week course of VPA treatment in BD patients, the LEPR polymorphisms showed significant effects on changes in disease severity. Moreover, considering the effect of the LEPR haplotype, the frequency of the CAGG haplotype in BD patients was higher than that in the controls (9.3 vs. 2.9%, p = 0.016), and the LEPR CAGG haplotype was associated with a better treatment response than the other haplotypes in BD patients receiving VPA treatment. Therefore, LEPR polymorphisms might serve as mediators involved in the therapeutic action of VPA treatment. © 2022 by the authors.
Mother-child cardiometabolic health 4–10 years after pregnancy complicated by obesity with and without gestational diabetes; Objective: Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes (GDM) increase cardiometabolic disease risk but are difficult to disentangle. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that 4–10 years after a pregnancy complicated by overweight/obesity and GDM (OB-GDM), women and children would have greater adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health than those with overweight/obesity (OB) or normal weight (NW) and no GDM during the index pregnancy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, mother-child dyads were stratified into three groups based on maternal health status during pregnancy (OB-GDM = 67; OB = 76; NW = 76). Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, and blood pressure were measured, along with fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c, lipids, adipokines, and cytokines. Results: Women in the OB and OB-GDM groups had greater current adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health outcomes than those in the NW group (p < 0.05). After adjusting for current adiposity, women in the OB-GDM group had higher HbA1c, glucose, HOMA-IR and triglycerides than NW and OB groups (p < 0.05). Among children, adiposity was greater in the OB-GDM versus NW group (p < 0.05), but other indices of cardiometabolic health did not differ. Conclusions: Poor cardiometabolic health in women with prior GDM is independent of current adiposity. Although greater adiposity among children exposed to GDM is evident at 4–10 years, differences in cardiometabolic health may not emerge until later. © 2022 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Entero-Mammary Pathway and Perinatal Transmission of Gut Microbiota and SARS-CoV-2; COVID-19 is a severe respiratory disease threatening pregnant women, which increases the possibility of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Several recent studies have demonstrated the ability of SARS-CoV-2 to infect the mother enterocytes, disturbing the gut microbiota diversity. The aim of this study was to characterize the entero-mammary microbiota of women in the presence of the virus during delivery. Fifty mother–neonate pairs were included in a transversal descriptive work. The presence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA was detected in nasopharyngeal, mother rectal swabs (MRS) and neonate rectal swabs (NRS) collected from the pairs, and human colostrum (HC) samples collected from mothers. The microbiota diversity was characterized by high-throughput DNA sequencing of V3-16S rRNA gene libraries prepared from HC, MRS, and NRS. Data were analyzed with QIIME2 and R. Our results indicate that several bacterial taxa are highly abundant in MRS positive for SARS-CoV-2 RNA. These bacteria mostly belong to the Firmicutes phylum; for instance, the families Bifidobacteriaceae, Oscillospiraceae, and Microbacteriaceae have been previously associated with anti-inflammatory effects, which could explain the capability of women to overcome the infection. All samples, both positive and negative for SARS-CoV-2, featured a high abundance of the Firmicutes phylum. Further data analysis showed that nearly 20% of the bacterial diversity found in HC was also identified in MRS. Spearman correlation analysis highlighted that some genera of the Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria phyla were negatively correlated with MRS and NRS (p < 0.005). This study provides new insights into the gut microbiota of pregnant women and their potential association with a better outcome during SARS-CoV-2 infection. © 2022 by the authors.
Maternal Supplementation of Probiotics, Prebiotics or Postbiotics to Prevent Offspring Metabolic Syndrome: The Gap between Preclinical Results and Clinical Translation; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is an extremely prevalent complex trait and it can originate in early life. This concept is now being termed the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD). Increasing evidence supports that disturbance of gut microbiota influences various risk factors of MetS. The DOHaD theory provides an innovative strategy to prevent MetS through early intervention (i.e., reprogramming). In this review, we summarize the existing literature that supports how environmental cues induced MetS of developmental origins and the interplay between gut microbiota and other fundamental underlying mechanisms. We also present an overview of experimental animal models addressing implementation of gut microbiota-targeted reprogramming interventions to avert the programming of MetS. Even with growing evidence from animal studies supporting the uses of gut microbiota-targeted therapies start before birth to protect against MetS of developmental origins, their effects on pregnant women are still unknown and these results require further clinical translation. © 2022 by the authors.
Circulating levels of five proglucagon-derived peptides in response to intravenous or oral glucose or lipids and to a mixed-meal in subjects with normal weight, overweight, and obesity; Aims: Proglucagon-derived peptides (PGDPs) secreted by the gut and pancreas play a major role in metabolism. We measured concentrations of five PGDPs in response to per os (PO) or intravenous (IV) glucose or lipid intake and a mixed meal test (MMT) consumed by subjects with normal weight, overweight or obesity. Materials and methods: GLP-1, oxyntomodulin and glicentin (gut-secreted PGDPs) and glucagon and MPGF (pancreas-secreted PGDPs) were assessed in: (a) 32 subjects receiving PO or IV glucose, lipids or water over 6 h, (b) 33 subjects with normal weight, overweight or obesity who consumed a MMT. Results: (a) GLP-1, oxyntomodulin, glicentin and glucagon levels increase more profoundly and persistently after lipids PO (2.5 g/kg) than glucose PO (2.5 g/kg) or IV lipids (Intralipid/Liposyn II 20% at 0.35 ml/kg/h and Intralipid/Liposyn II 20% at 0.83 ml/kg/h for 6 h) or IV glucose (10% glucose at 3.6 ml/kg/h for 6 h). Oxyntomodulin and glicentin increased more than GLP-1 in response to lipids PO. MPGF levels decrease in response to glucose PO or IV indicating a shift towards preferential production of gut-secreted peptides. (b) Fasting and postprandial areas under the curve (AUCs) after MMT of GLP-1, MPGF and glucagon levels correlated positively with BMI. The fasting levels of glucagon and MPGF were elevated in obesity and remained elevated after the MMT. Conclusion: Circulating levels of PGDPs are differentially regulated by body weight, the type of macronutrients administered and the respective route of administration. Mechanistic studies are needed to define the exact mechanisms underlying this regulation. Clinical Trial Registration: Study 1 has the NCT01520454 and the NCT04888325 number in ClinicalTrials.gov. Study 2 has the number NCT01495754 in ClinicalTrials.gov. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Crossbred Sows Fed a Western Diet during Pre-Gestation, Gestation, Lactation, and Post-Lactation Periods Develop Signs of Lean Metabolic Syndrome That Are Partially Attenuated by Spirulina Supplementation; Excessive dietary intake of fats and sugars (“Western diet”, WD) is one of the leading causes of obesity. The consumption of the microalga Arthrospira platensis (spirulina, Sp) is increasing due to its presumed health benefits. Both WD and Sp are also consumed by pregnant and breastfeeding women. This study investigated if gestating and lactating domestic pigs are an appropriate model for WD-induced metabolic disturbances similar to those observed in humans and if Sp supplementation may attenuate any of these adverse effects. Pigs were fed a WD high in fat, sugars, and cholesterol or a control diet. Half of the animals per diet group were supplemented with 20 g Sp per day. The WD did not increase body weight or adipose tissue accumulation but led to metabolic impairments such as higher cholesterol concentration in plasma, lower IGF1 plasma levels, and signs of hepatic damage compared to the control group. Spirulina supplementation could not reduce all the metabolic impairments observed in WD-fed animals. These findings indicate limited suitability of gestating and lactating domestic pigs as a model for WD but a certain potential of low-dose Sp supplementation to partially attenuate negative WD effects. © 2022 by the authors.
Metabolic, behavioral health, and disordered eating comorbidities associated with obesity in pediatric patients: An Obesity Medical Association (OMA) Clinical Practice Statement 2022; Background: This Obesity Medicine Association (OMA) Clinical Practice Statement (CPS) details metabolic, behavioral health, and disordered eating comorbidities associated with obesity in children. This CPS will be followed by a companion CPS covering further comorbidities, including genetics and social consequences related to overweight and obesity. These CPSs are intended to provide clinicians with an overview of clinical practices applicable to children and adolescents with body mass indices greater than or equal to the 95th percentile for their ages, particularly those with adverse consequences resulting from increased body mass. The information in this CPS is based on scientific evidence, supported by the medical literature, and derived from the clinical experiences of members of the OMA. Methods: The scientific information and clinical guidance in this CPS is based upon referenced evidence and derived from the clinical perspectives of the authors. Results: This OMA statement details metabolic, behavioral health, and disordered eating comorbidities associated with obesity in children. It provides clinical information regarding identifying and treating metabolic, behavioral health, and disordered eating comorbidities associated with obesity in children over the 95th percentile of weight/height for age. Conclusions: This OMA clinical practice statement details metabolic, behavioral health, and disordered eating comorbidities associated with obesity in children and provides an overview of current recommendations. These recommendations lay out a roadmap to the improvement of the health of children and adolescents with obesity, especially those with metabolic, physiological, and psychological complications. © 2022 The Authors
Obesogenic diet in mice compromises maternal metabolic physiology and lactation ability leading to reductions in neonatal viability; Aims: Diets containing high-fat and high sugar (HFHS) lead to overweight/obesity. Overweight/obesity increases the risk of infertility, and of the pregnant mother and her child for developing metabolic conditions. Overweight/obesity has been recreated in mice, but most studies focus on the effects of chronic, long-term HFHS diet exposure. Here, we exposed mice to HFHS from 3 weeks prior to pregnancy with the aim of determining impacts on fertility, and gestational and neonatal outcomes. Methods: Time-domain NMR scanning was used to assess adiposity, glucose, and insulin tolerance tests were employed to examine metabolic physiology, and morphological and proteomic analyses conducted to assess structure and nutrient levels of maternal organs and placenta. Results: Fertility measures of HFHS dams were largely the same as controls. HFHS dams had increased adiposity pre-pregnancy, however, exhibited exacerbated lipolysis/hyper-mobilization of adipose stores in late pregnancy. While there were no differences in glucose or insulin tolerance, HFHS dams were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic in pregnancy. HFHS dams had fatty livers and altered pancreatic islet morphology. Although fetuses were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic, there was no change in fetal growth in HFHS dams. There were also reductions in placenta formation. Moreover, there was increased offspring loss during lactation, which was related to aberrant mammary gland development and milk protein composition in HFHS dams. Conclusions: These findings are relevant given current dietary habits and the development of maternal and offspring alterations in the absence of an increase in maternal weight and adiposity during pregnancy, which are the current clinical markers to determine risk across gestation. © 2022 The Authors. Acta Physiologica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Scandinavian Physiological Society.
Toxic effects of PFOS/PFOA and their internal exposure in Chinese general population; As widely used synthetic chemicals,perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS) and perfluorooctanic acid (PFOA)are ubiquitous in the environment and the human body. Due to the extensive toxic effects and bioaccumulation of PFOS/PFOA,their impact on human health has attracted more and more attention. The absorption,distribution, metabolism,excretion and toxic effects of PFOS/PFOA in mammals are systematically summarized in this paper. Moreover,the safety limits of PFOS/PFOA are summarizes herein as well as the internal exposure levels of PFOS/PFOA in Chinese general population based on published literature in order to provide a scientific basis for PFOS/PFOA risk assessment and risk management. © The Author(s) 2022.
Research progress on pharmacological action and related mechanism of berberine; Berberine is a common active substance in many traditional Chinese medicine, which was widely used to treat the digestive system related diseases for thousands of years. Modern pharmacological studies showed that berberine also has significant pharmacological activities in preventing and protecting main organs damage, including nerve damage, heart damage, kidney damage, reproductive system damage, gastrointestinal tract damage, and metabolic disease, including Alzheimer’s disease, diabetes and related complications, as well as the inflammation. Therefore, based on the previous research, pharmacological activities of berberine in organ injury such as nerve damage and liver damage as well as the metabolic diseases were organized and summarized in this paper, and some suggestions were made to solve the urgent problems, in order to provide reference for safe use of berberine in clinic and the development of new drugs in the future. © 2022 Editorial Office of Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs. All rights reserved.
7,8-Dihydroxyflavone alleviates Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in cafeteria diet-induced metabolic syndrome; Aims: Prolonged Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress (ERS) is involved in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome, including type-2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, atherosclerosis, obesity, and fatty liver disease. There have been significant efforts to discover molecules to treat ERS and/or to ameliorate associate symptoms. In this study, we investigated the effect of 7,8-Dihydroxyflavone (7,8-DHF) on ERS in liver and pancreas tissues in a cafeteria (CAF) diet induced metabolic syndrome model. Main methods: Male C57BL/6 mice were fed CAF diet for 16 weeks and 7,8-DHF was administered intraperitoneally (5 mg/kg/day) for last four weeks. 78-kDa glucose-regulated protein (GRP78) and C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) in liver and pancreas tissues, insulin and interleukin-1β (IL-1β) in serum were analyzed by ELISA method and serum biochemistry parameters were analyzed with autoanalyzer. GRP78 and CHOP gene expression levels were determined by qRT-PCR. In addition, histopathological analyzes were performed on liver and pancreas tissues. Key findings: Findings revealed that CAF diet caused metabolic abnormalities, insulin resistance and inflammation in serum and triggered ERS in pancreas and liver tissues. 7,8-DHF treatment significantly reduced metabolic abnormalities by reducing serum biochemical parameters, HOMO-IR and IL-1β levels. qRT-PCR and ELISA results indicated that 7,8-DHF treatment down-regulated GRP78 and CHOP expression and protein levels in the liver and GRP78 expression in pancreas. Efficiency of 7,8-DHF in these tissues was also demonstrated by histopathological tests. Significance: In conclusion, CAF diet-induced metabolic syndrome model, 7,8-DHF suppressed ERS and ERS-induced metabolic disorders in both liver and pancreas. Therefore, 7,8-DHF may potentially be a novel therapeutic compound to ameliorate ERS and related metabolic symptoms. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The beneficial metabolic actions of prolactin; The role of prolactin (PRL) favoring metabolic homeostasis is supported by multiple preclinical and clinical studies. PRL levels are key to explaining the direction of its actions. In contrast with the negative outcomes associated with very high (>100 μg/L) and very low (<7 μg/L) PRL levels, moderately high PRL levels, both within but also above the classically considered physiological range are beneficial for metabolism and have been defined as HomeoFIT-PRL. In animal models, HomeoFIT-PRL levels counteract insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, adipose tissue hypertrophy and fatty liver; and in humans associate with reduced prevalence of insulin resistance, fatty liver, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, reduced adipocyte hypertrophy, and protection from type 2 diabetes development. The beneficial actions of PRL can be explained by its positive effects on main metabolic organs including the pancreas, liver, adipose tissue, and hypothalamus. Here, we briefly review work supporting PRL as a promoter of metabolic homeostasis in rodents and humans, the PRL levels associated with metabolic protection, and the proposed mechanisms involved. Finally, we discuss the possibility of using drugs elevating PRL for the treatment of metabolic diseases. Copyright © 2022 Macotela, Ruiz-Herrera, Vázquez-Carrillo, Ramírez-Hernandez, Martínez de la Escalera and Clapp.
Effects of enriched seafood sticks (heat-inactivated B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145, inulin, omega-3) on cardiometabolic risk factors and gut microbiota in abdominally obese subjects: randomized controlled trial; Purpose: To assess the effects of enriched seafood sticks with postbiotic and bioactive compounds on CMD risk factors and the gut microbiota in abdominally obese individuals. Methods: Randomized, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled trial with abdominally obese individuals. Participants (n = 120) consumed 50 g/day of enriched seafood sticks containing SIAP: (1010 colony forming units (CFUs) of heat-inactivated B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT8145, 370 mg/day omega 3 and 1.7 g/day inulin), or 50 g/day of placebo seafood sticks for 12 weeks. At 12 weeks, an acute single-dose study of 4 h was performed. Results: Sustained SIAP2 consumption significantly decreased the insulin by − 5.25 mg/dL and HOMA-IR (homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance) by − 1.33. In women, SIAP2 consumption significantly decreased the pulse pressure (PP) by − 4.69 mmHg. Gut microbiota analysis showed a negative association between glycemic parameter reduction and Alistipes finegoldii and Ruminococcaceae, and between PP reduction and Prevotella 9-ASV0283 and Christensenellaceae. In the acute single dose-study 4-h, SIAP2 consumption produced a lower increase in the postprandial circulating triglyceride levels [23.9 (7.03) mg/dL (mean [standard error])] than the observed with placebo [49.0 (9.52)] mg/dL. Conclusion: In abdominally obese individuals, enriched seafood sticks induce a potential protection against type 2 diabetes development by the reduction in the insulin and HOMA-IR; and in cardiovascular disease, in women, by the PP reduction. These effects are accompanied by partial changes in the gut microbiota composition. The enriched seafood sticks reduce the atherogenic triglyceride postprandial concentrations. Our results support the use of enriched seafood sticks as a complementary strategy in the management of CMD risk factors. Registration number of Clinical Trial: (www.ClinicalTrials.gov): NCT03630588 (August 15, 2018). © 2022, The Author(s).
Integrated bioinformatics analysis reveals potential mechanisms associated with intestinal flora intervention in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a common chronic liver disease that imposes a huge economic burden on global public health. And the gut-liver axis theory supports the therapeutic role of intestinal flora in the development and progression of NAFLD. To this end, we designed bioinformatics study on the relationship between intestinal flora disorder and NAFLD, to explore the possible molecular mechanism of intestinal flora interfering with NAFLD. Methods: Differentially expressed genes for NAFLD were obtained from the GEO database. And the disease genes for NAFLD and intestinal flora disorder were obtained from the disease databases. The protein-protein interaction network was established by string 11.0 database and visualized by Cytoscape 3.7.2 software. Cytoscape plug-in MCODE and cytoHubba were used to screen the potential genes of intestinal flora disorder and NAFLD, to obtain potential targets for intestinal flora to interfere in the occurrence and process of NAFLD. Enrichment analysis of potential targets was carried out using R 4.0.2 software. Results: The results showed that 7 targets might be the key genes for intestinal flora to interfere with NAFLD. CCL2, IL6, IL1B, and FOS are mainly related to the occurrence and development mechanism of NAFLD, while PTGS2, SPINK1, and C5AR1 are mainly related to the intervention of intestinal flora in the occurrence and development of NAFLD. The gene function is mainly reflected in basic biological processes, including the regulation of metabolic process, epithelial development, and immune influence. The pathway is mainly related to signal transduction, immune regulation, and physiological metabolism. The TNF signaling pathway, AGE-RAGE signaling pathway in diabetic activity, and NF-Kappa B signaling pathways are important pathways for intestinal flora to interfere with NAFLD. According to the analysis results, there is a certain correlation between intestinal flora disorder and NAFLD. Conclusion: It is speculated that the mechanism by which intestinal flora may interfere with the occurrence and development of NAFLD is mainly related to inflammatory response and insulin resistance. Nevertheless, further research is needed to explore the specific molecular mechanisms. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Jiangtang Sanhao formula ameliorates skeletal muscle insulin resistance via regulating GLUT4 translocation in diabetic mice; Jiangtang Sanhao formula (JTSHF), one of the prescriptions for treating the patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) in traditional Chinese medicine clinic, has been demonstrated to effectively ameliorate the clinical symptoms of diabetic patients with overweight or hyperlipidemia. The preliminary studies demonstrated that JTSHF may enhance insulin sensitivity and improve glycolipid metabolism in obese mice. However, the action mechanism of JTSHF on skeletal muscles in diabetic mice remains unclear. To this end, high-fat diet (HFD) and streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic mice were subjected to JTSHF intervention. The results revealed that JTSHF granules could reduce food and water intake, decrease body fat mass, and improve glucose tolerance, lipid metabolism, and insulin sensitivity in the skeletal muscles of diabetic mice. These effects may be linked to the stimulation of GLUT4 expression and translocation via regulating AMPKα/SIRT1/PGC-1α signaling pathway. The results may offer a novel explanation of JTSHF to prevent against diabetes and IR-related metabolic diseases. Copyright © 2022 Ye, Ma, Liu, Xu, Dai, Fu, Tian, Sui, Mo, Gao, Zhao and Zhang.
The role and mechanisms of gut microbiota in diabetic nephropathy, diabetic retinopathy and cardiovascular diseases; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and T2DM-related complications [such as retinopathy, nephropathy, and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)] are the most prevalent metabolic diseases. Intriguingly, overwhelming findings have shown a strong association of the gut microbiome with the etiology of these diseases, including the role of aberrant gut bacterial metabolites, increased intestinal permeability, and pathogenic immune function affecting host metabolism. Thus, deciphering the specific microbiota, metabolites, and the related mechanisms to T2DM-related complications by combined analyses of metagenomics and metabolomics data can lead to an innovative strategy for the treatment of these diseases. Accordingly, this review highlights the advanced knowledge about the characteristics of the gut microbiota in T2DM-related complications and how it can be associated with the pathogenesis of these diseases. Also, recent studies providing a new perspective on microbiota-targeted therapies are included. Copyright © 2022 Lv, Li, Sui, Yang, Han and Yao.
Redox-Unlockable Nanoparticle-Based MST1 Delivery System to Attenuate Hepatic Steatosis via the AMPK/SREBP-1c Signaling Axis; To date, few effective treatments have been licensed for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which a kind of chronic liver disease. Mammalian sterile 20-like kinase 1 (MST1) is reported to be involved in the development of NAFLD. Thus, we evaluated the suitability of a redox-unlockable polymeric nanoparticle Hep@PGEA vector to deliver MST1 or siMST1 (HCP/MST1 or HCP/siMST1) for NAFLD therapy. The Hep@PGEA vector can efficiently deliver the condensed functional nucleic acids MST1 or siMST1 into NAFLD-affected mouse liver to upregulate or downregulate MST1 expression. The HCP/MST1 complexes significantly improved liver insulin resistance sensitivity and reduced liver damage and lipid accumulation by the AMPK/SREBP-1c pathway without significant adverse events. Instead, HCP/siMST1 delivery exacerbates the NAFLD. The analysis of NAFLD patient samples further clarified the role of MST1 in the development of hepatic steatosis in patients with NAFLD. The MST1-based gene intervention is of considerable potential for clinical NAFLD therapy, and the Hep@PGEA vector provides a promising option for NAFLD gene therapy.  © 2022 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.
Coordinated regulation of gene expression and microRNA changes in adipose tissue and circulating extracellular vesicles in response to pioglitazone treatment in humans with type 2 diabetes; Pioglitazone, a PPARγ agonist, is used to treat type 2 diabetes (T2D). PPARγ is highly expressed in adipose tissue (AT), however the effects of pioglitazone to improve insulin sensitivity are also evident in other tissues and PPARγ agonism has been shown to alter cancer derived extracellular vesicle (EV)-miRNAs. We hypothesized that pioglitazone modifies the cargo of circulating AT-derived EVs to alter interorgan crosstalk in people with diabetes. We tested our hypothesis in a 3-month trial in which 24 subjects with T2D were randomized to treatment with either pioglitazone 45 mg/day or placebo (NCT00656864). Levels of 42 adipocyte-derived EV-miRNAs were measured in plasma EVs using low density TaqMan arrays. Levels of differentially expressed EV-miRNAs and their most relevant target genes were also measure in adipose tissue from the same participants, using individual TaqMan assays. Levels of 5 miRNAs (i.e., miR-7-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-92a-3p, miR-195-5p, and miR-374b-5p) were significantly downregulated in EVs in response to pioglitazone treatment relative to placebo. The opposite occurred for miR-195-5p in subcutaneous AT. Changes in miRNA expression in EVs and AT correlated with changes in suppression of lipolysis and improved insulin sensitivity, among others. DICER was downregulated and exosomal miRNA sorting-related genes YBX1 and hnRNPA2B1 displayed a downregulation trend in AT. Furthermore, analysis of EV-miRNA targeted genes identified a network of transcripts that changed in a coordinated manner in AT. Collectively, our results suggest that some beneficial pharmacologic effects of pioglitazone are mediated by adipose-specific miRNA regulation and exosomal/EV trafficking. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT00656864. Copyright © 2022 Nunez Lopez, Casu, Kovacova, Petrilli, Sideleva, Tharp and Pratley.
Psoriasis and medical ramifications: A comprehensive analysis based on observational meta-analyses; Purpose: Based on a large number of systematic reviews and meta-analyses exploring the relationship between psoriasis and various health outcomes, we conducted an comprehensive analysis to assess the strength and evidence for the association between psoriasis and medical end-point ramifications in patients. Methods: We searched related meta-analyses, investigating the links between psoriasis and medical ramifications from three databases. All summary effect sizes, 95% CIs, heterogeneity, and small-study effects in the included meta-analyses were recalculated. We assessed the methodological quality of included articles with the AMSTAR 2 tool and graded the epidemiological evidence. Subgroup analysis based on the severity of psoriasis and study design were also performed. Results: A total of 38 articles comprising 85 unique meta-analyses were included in this study. Although 69 outcomes were statistically significant, only 8 outcomes (nonvascular dementia, ulcerative colitis, pediatric dyslipidemia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, fracture, multiple sclerosis, and schizophrenia) showed a high quality of epidemiological evidence. Conclusion: We found that psoriasis increased the risk of 69 health outcomes, and 8 outcomes were graded as high-quality evidence. No evidence was found that psoriasis was beneficial for any medical end point. However, to verify our results, more large-sample, multi-center prospective cohort studies are needed. Copyright © 2022 Zhou, Zhong, Shen, Chen, Zeng, Lai and Tang.
Intervention with isoleucine or valine corrects hyperinsulinemia and reduces intrahepatic diacylglycerols, liver steatosis, and inflammation in Ldlr−/−.Leiden mice with manifest obesity-associated NASH; Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is associated with a disturbed metabolism in liver, insulin resistance, and excessive accumulation of ectopic fat. Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) may beneficially modulate hepatic lipids, however, it remains unclear whether individual BCAAs can attenuate already established NASH and associated oxidative-inflammatory stress. After a 26 weeks run-in on fast food diet (FFD), obese Ldlr−/−.Leiden mice were treated for another 12 weeks with either valine or isoleucine (3% of FFD) and then compared to FFD controls. Valine and isoleucine did not affect obesity, dyslipidemia, gut permeability, or fecal fatty acid excretion, but significantly reduced hyperinsulinemia. Valine and isoleucine reduced ALT, CK18-M30, and liver steatosis with a particularly pronounced suppression of the microvesicular component (−61% by valine and −71% by isoleucine). Both BCAAs decreased intrahepatic diacylglycerols and 4-hydroxynonenal immunoreactivity, a marker for oxidative stress-induced lipid peroxidation. Functional genomics analysis demonstrated that valine and isoleucine affected BCAA metabolism genes, deactivated master regulators of anabolic pathways related to steatosis (e.g., SREBPF1), and activated master regulators of mitochondrial biogenesis (e.g., PPARGC1A) and lipid catabolism (e.g., ACOX1, AMPK). This correction of critical metabolic pathways on gene expression level was accompanied by a significant decrease in histological liver inflammation, and suppression of FFD-stimulated cytokine and chemokine proteins KC/CXCL1, MCP-1/CCL2, and MIP-2/CXCL2 and their pathways. In conclusion, dietary intervention with either valine or isoleucine corrected liver diacylglycerols, gene expression of multiple metabolic processes, and reduced NASH histology with profound hepatoprotective effects on oxidative stress and inflammatory proteins. © 2022 The Authors. The FASEB Journal published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology.
Preclinical Studies of Natural Products Targeting the Gut Microbiota: Beneficial Effects on Diabetes; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a serious metabolic disease characterized by persistent hyperglycemia, with a continuously increasing morbidity and mortality. Although traditional treatments including insulin and oral hypoglycemic drugs maintain blood glucose levels within the normal range to a certain extent, there is an urgent need to develop new drugs that can effectively improve glucose metabolism and diabetes-related complications. Notably, accumulated evidence implicates that the gut microbiota is unbalanced in DM individuals and is involved in the physiological and pathological processes of this metabolic disease. In this review, we introduce the molecular mechanisms by which the gut microbiota contributes to the development of DM. Furthermore, we summarize the preclinical studies of bioactive natural products that exert antidiabetic effects by modulating the gut microbiota, aiming to expand the novel therapeutic strategies for DM prevention and management. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
Effects of air pollution on human health – Mechanistic evidence suggested by in vitro and in vivo modelling; Airborne particulate matter (PM) comprises both solid and liquid particles, including carbon, sulphates, nitrate, and toxic heavy metals, which can induce oxidative stress and inflammation after inhalation. These changes occur both in the lung and systemically, due to the ability of the small-sized PM (i.e. diameters ≤2.5 μm, PM2.5) to enter and circulate in the bloodstream. As such, in 2016, airborne PM caused ∼4.2 million premature deaths worldwide. Acute exposure to high levels of airborne PM (eg. during wildfires) can exacerbate pre-existing illnesses leading to hospitalisation, such as in those with asthma and coronary heart disease. Prolonged exposure to PM can increase the risk of non-communicable chronic diseases affecting the brain, lung, heart, liver, and kidney, although the latter is less well studied. Given the breadth of potential disease, it is critical to understand the mechanisms underlying airborne PM exposure-induced disorders. Establishing aetiology in humans is difficult, therefore, in-vitro and in-vivo studies can provide mechanistic insights. We describe acute health effects (e.g. exacerbations of asthma) and long term health effects such as the induction of chronic inflammatory lung disease, and effects outside the lung (e.g. liver and renal change). We will focus on oxidative stress and inflammation as this is the common mechanism of PM-induced disease, which may be used to develop effective treatments to mitigate the adverse health effect of PM exposure. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Glucose-Dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide Plasma Level Influences the Effect of n-3 PUFA Supplementation; Elevated glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) levels in obesity may predict the metabolic benefits of n-3 PUFA supplementation. This placebo-controlled trial aimed to analyze fasting and postprandial GIP response to 3-month n-3 PUFA supplementation (1.8 g/d; DHA:EPA, 5:1) along with caloric restriction (1200–1500 kcal/d) in obese subjects. Compliance was confirmed by the incorporation of DHA and EPA into red blood cells (RBCs). Blood analyses of glucose, insulin, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), GIP and triglycerides were performed at fasting, and during an oral glucose tolerance test and a high fat mixed-meal tolerance test. Fatty acid composition of RBC was assessed by gas chromatography and total plasma fatty acid content and composition was measured by gas–liquid chromatography. The DHA and EPA content in RBCs significantly increased due to n-3 PUFA supplementation vs. placebo (77% vs. −3%, respectively). N-3 PUFA supplementation improved glucose tolerance and decreased circulating NEFA levels (0.750 vs. 0.615 mmol/L), as well as decreasing plasma saturated (1390 vs. 1001 µg/mL) and monounsaturated (1135 vs. 790 µg/mL) fatty acids in patients with relatively high GIP levels. The effects of n-3 PUFAs were associated with the normalization of fasting (47 vs. 36 pg/mL) and postprandial GIP levels. Obese patients with elevated endogenous GIP could be a target group for n-3 PUFA supplementation in order to achieve effects that obese patients without GIP disturbances can achieve with only caloric restriction. © 2022 by the authors.
Health-related toxicity of emerging per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances: Comparison to legacy PFOS and PFOA; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are highly persistent, manufactured chemicals used in various manufacturing processes and found in numerous commercial products. With over 9000 compounds belonging to this chemical class, there is increasing concern regarding human exposure to these compounds due to their persistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic nature. Human exposure to PFAS may occur from a variety of exposure sources, including, air, food, indoor dust, soil, water, from the transfer of PFAS from non-stick wrappers to food, use of cosmetics, and other personal care products. This critical review presents recent research on the health-related impacts of PFAS exposure, highlighting compounds other than Perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and Perfluoroctane sulfonate (PFOS) that cause adverse health effects, updates the current state of knowledge on PFAS toxicity, and, where possible, elucidates cause-and-effect relationships. Recent reviews identified that exposure to PFAS was associated with adverse health impacts on female and male fertility, metabolism in pregnancy, endocrine function including pancreatic dysfunction and risk of developing Type 2 diabetes, lipid metabolism and risk of childhood adiposity, hepatic and renal function, immune function, cardiovascular health (atherosclerosis), bone health including risk for dental cavities, osteoporosis, and vitamin D deficiency, neurological function, and risk of developing breast cancer. However, while cause-and-effect relationships for many of these outcomes were not able to be clearly elucidated, it was identified that 1) the evidence derived from both animal models and humans suggested that PFAS may exert harmful impacts on both animals and humans, however extrapolating data from animal to human studies was complicated due to differences in exposure/elimination kinetics, 2) PFAS precursor kinetics and toxicity mechanism data are still limited despite ongoing exposures, and 3) studies in humans, which provide contrasting results require further investigation of the long-term-exposed population to better evaluate the biological toxicity of chronic exposure to PFAS. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Harnessing the Power of Purple Sweet Potato Color and Myo-Inositol to Treat Classic Galactosemia; Classic Galactosemia (CG) is a devastating inborn error of the metabolism caused by mutations in the GALT gene encoding the enzyme galactose-1 phosphate uridylyltransferase in galactose metabolism. Severe complications of CG include neurological impairments, growth restriction, cognitive delays, and, for most females, primary ovarian insufficiency. The absence of the GALT enzyme leads to an accumulation of aberrant galactose metabolites, which are assumed to be responsible for the sequelae. There is no treatment besides the restriction of dietary galactose, which does not halt the development of the complications; thus, additional treatments are sorely needed. Supplements have been used in other inborn errors of metabolism but are not part of the therapeutic regimen for CG. The goal of this study was to test two generally recognized as safe supplements (purple sweet potato color (PSPC) and myo-inositol (MI)) that may impact cellular pathways contributing to the complications in CG. Our group uses a GalT gene-trapped mouse model to study the pathophysiology in CG, which phenocopy many of the complications. Here we report the ability of PSPC to ameliorate dysregulation in the ovary, brain, and liver of our mutant mice as well as positive results of MI supplementation in the ovary and brain. © 2022 by the authors.
Mechanism of functional carbohydrates alleviating non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by regulating intestinal flora and metabolites; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a clinical syndrome with abnormal accumulation of fat in hepatocytes and abnormal function of fat metabolism in liver caused by various factors without excessive drinking history. At present, the pathogenesis of NAFLD is not clear, and dietary intervention measures have achieved preliminary results. Therefore, this paper reviews the improvement effect of the functional carbohydrates (including dietary fiber, resistant starch and functional oligosaccharides, etc.) in the diet on NAFLD by promoting the proliferation of beneficial bacteria such as Bifidobacterium and Lactobacillus, inhibiting the growth of Ruminococcus, Enterobacter and other potentially harmful bacteria, regulating the intestinal short chain fatty acids, bile acids, endogenous ethanol and other metabolites, so as to reduce inflammation and oxidative stress, prevent lipid metabolism disorder, and inhibit insulin resistance and obesity. © 2022 Authors. All rights reserved.
Molecular biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus and postpartum diabetes; AbstractGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health problem worldwide that threatens both maternal and fetal health. Identifying individuals at high risk for GDM and diabetes after GDM is particularly useful for early intervention and prevention of disease progression. In the last decades, a number of studies have used metabolomics, genomics, and proteomic approaches to investigate associations between biomolecules and GDM progression. These studies clearly demonstrate that various biomarkers reflect pathological changes in GDM. The established markers have potential use as screening and diagnostic tools in GDM and in postpartum diabetes research. In the present review, we summarize recent studies of metabolites, single-nucleotide polymorphisms, microRNAs, and proteins associated with GDM and its transition to postpartum diabetes, with a focus on their predictive value in screening and diagnosis. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Gut microbiota combined with metabolomics reveal the mechanism of curcumol on liver fibrosis in mice; Objective: Liver fibrosis is a reversible pathological process, and its prevention and treatment hold great significance for patients with chronic liver disease. This study combined 16S rRNA analysis of gut microbiota and serum metabolomics to explore the mechanism of curcumol's effect on liver fibrosis in mice. The results clarified the relationship between the gut microbiota and metabolites in the process of liver fibrosis. Materials and methods: In this study, we randomly divided mice into a control group, a model group, and a curcumol treatment group to analyze the pathological changes in the liver tissue as well as the activities of the toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4)/nuclear factory kappa B (NF-κB) signaling pathway and inflammatory factors, such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and IL-8. The gut microbiota were analyzed by 16 S rRNA sequencing, and serum metabolites were examined by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) metabolomic analysis. Results: Molecular biological testing found that curcumol could significantly improve the pathological changes of the liver tissue and inhibit the occurrence of liver inflammation. Intestinal flora testing found that curcumol could significantly change the abundances of Veillonellaceae, Prerotella_oulorum, and Alistipes_finegoldii. Metabolomics analysis found that curcumol's antihepatic fibrosis effect may be related to its regulation of arachidonic acid metabolism. Correlation analysis suggested that curcumol regulated the abundances of Bacteroidota and Bacteroides and participated in the metabolism of Prostaglandin B2. Conclusions: When liver fibrosis occurs, the intestinal flora and metabolic network are altered. The effect of curcumol on liver fibrosis may be related to its regulation of intestinal flora and the resulting interference with metabolic pathways, thereby reducing liver inflammation. © 2022
Putative Complementary Compounds to Counteract Insulin-Resistance in PCOS Patients; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most frequent endocrine-metabolic disorder among women at reproductive age. The diagnosis is based on the presence of at least two out of three criteria of the Rotterdam criteria (2003). In the last decades, the dysmetabolic aspect of insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinemia have been taken into account as the additional key features in the etiopathology of PCOS, and they have been widely studied. Since PCOS is a complex and multifactorial syndrome with different clinical manifestations, it is difficult to find the gold standard treatment. Therefore, a great variety of integrative treatments have been reported to counteract insulin resistance. PCOS patients need a tailored therapeutic strategy, according to the patient’s BMI, the presence or absence of familiar predisposition to diabetes, and the patient’s desire to achieve pregnancy or not. The present review analyzes and discloses the main clinical insight of such complementary substances. © 2022 by the authors.
Emerging central and peripheral actions of spexin in feeding behavior, leptin resistance and obesity; Consumption of a high calorie diet with irregular eating and sedentary behavior habits is typical of the current suboptimal lifestyle, contributing to the development of metabolic diseases such as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Most notably, the disorder of adipokine secretion in visceral adiposity is a major contributor to metabolic diseases with advancing age. In this regard, spexin and leptin are established as anorexigenic adipokines that can modulate adipogenesis and glucose metabolism by suppressing food intake or increasing energy expenditure, respectively. Emerging evidence points out that spexin levels are lower in the serum and adipose tissue of patients with obesity and/or insulin resistance, whereas circulating levels of leptin are higher in obesity and comorbidities. In turn, spexin and leptin pharmacologically induce beneficial effects on the brain's modulation of food intake and energy expenditure. On the other hand, endocrine crosstalk via spexin and leptin has also been reported in patients suffering from obesity and diabetes. Spexin plays a crucial role in the regulation of leptin secretion and leptin resistance. It should therefore be taken into account that studying the role of spexin in leptin regulation will help us combat the pathologies of obesity caused by leptin resistance. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Salidroside Affects Gut Microbiota Structure in db/db Mice by Affecting Insulin, Blood Glucose and Body Weight; Purpose: The purpose of this study was to investigate the regulatory effect of salidroside on the intestinal flora of mice with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and its protective effect in the body. Patients and Methods: We acclimated 8-week-old mice for 7 days, divided them into 4 groups, and continued dosing for 8 weeks. We recorded weekly blood glucose levels and body weight for each mouse. After the completion of the feeding cycle, the 16S rRNA of the intestinal flora in the mice was sequenced, and the insulin and C-peptide levels in each group of mice were measured. Four samples were taken from each group for liver and kidney section staining. Results: Our results showed that gut microbiota diversity and function were significantly different between the diabetic mice and healthy mice and that insulin levels, body weight, and blood glucose levels could significantly influence gut microbiota changes at the genus level. The gut microbiota diversity and function of db/db mice were also altered after salidroside administration. Salidroside could attenuate inflammatory damage, lipid accumulation and inflammatory changes in the diabetic liver, as well as diabetic kidney damage. Candidatus arthromitus and Odoribacter are important species of the microbiota during diabetes and may serve as potential therapeutic targets. Conclusion: Our investigation of the associated pathological conditions and fecal microbiota in db/db mice provides new insights into the pathogenesis of T2DM and provides implications for the diagnosis and treatment of T2DM. © 2022 Zhao et al.
Metformin: Is it a drug for all reasons and diseases?; Metformin was first used to treat type 2 diabetes in the late 1950s and in 2022 remains the first-choice drug used daily by approximately 150 million people. An accumulation of positive pre-clinical and clinical data has stimulated interest in re-purposing metformin to treat a variety of diseases including COVID-19. In polycystic ovary syndrome metformin improves insulin sensitivity. In type 1 diabetes metformin may help reduce the insulin dose. Meta-analysis and data from pre-clinical and clinical studies link metformin to a reduction in the incidence of cancer. Clinical trials, including MILES (Metformin In Longevity Study), and TAME (Targeting Aging with Metformin), have been designed to determine if metformin can offset aging and extend lifespan. Pre-clinical and clinical data suggest that metformin, via suppression of pro-inflammatory pathways, protection of mitochondria and vascular function, and direct actions on neuronal stem cells, may protect against neurodegenerative diseases. Metformin has also been studied for its anti-bacterial, −viral, −malaria efficacy. Collectively, these data raise the question: Is metformin a drug for all diseases? It remains unclear as to whether all of these putative beneficial effects are secondary to its actions as an anti-hyperglycemic and insulin-sensitizing drug, or result from other cellular actions, including inhibition of mTOR (mammalian target for rapamycin), or direct anti-viral actions. Clarification is also sought as to whether data from ex vivo studies based on the use of high concentrations of metformin can be translated into clinical benefits, or whether they reflect a ‘Paracelsus’ effect. The environmental impact of metformin, a drug with no known metabolites, is another emerging issue that has been linked to endocrine disruption in fish, and extensive use in T2D has also raised concerns over effects on human reproduction. The objectives for this review are to: 1) evaluate the putative mechanism(s) of action of metformin; 2) analyze the controversial evidence for metformin's effectiveness in the treatment of diseases other than type 2 diabetes; 3) assess the reproducibility of the data, and finally 4) reach an informed conclusion as to whether metformin is a drug for all diseases and reasons. We conclude that the primary clinical benefits of metformin result from its insulin-sensitizing and antihyperglycaemic effects that secondarily contribute to a reduced risk of a number of diseases and thereby enhancing healthspan. However, benefits like improving vascular endothelial function that are independent of effects on glucose homeostasis add to metformin's therapeutic actions. © 2022 The Author(s)
Machine learning model for the prediction of prostate cancer in patients with low prostate-specific antigen levels: A multicenter retrospective analysis; Objective: The aim of this study was to develop a predictive model to improve the accuracy of prostate cancer (PCa) detection in patients with prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels ≤20 ng/mL at the initial puncture biopsy. Methods: A total of 146 patients (46 with Pca, 31.5%) with PSA ≤20 ng/mL who had undergone transrectal ultrasound-guided 12+X prostate puncture biopsy with clear pathological results at the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical University (November 2015 to December 2021) were retrospectively evaluated. The validation group was 116 patients drawn from Changhai Hospital(52 with Pca, 44.8%). Age, body mass index (BMI), serum PSA, PSA-derived indices, several peripheral blood biomarkers, and ultrasound findings were considered as predictive factors and were analyzed by logistic regression. Significant predictors (P < 0.05) were included in five machine learning algorithm models. The performance of the models was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic curves. Decision curve analysis (DCA) was performed to estimate the clinical utility of the models. Ten-fold cross-validation was applied in the training process. Results: Prostate-specific antigen density, alanine transaminase-to-aspartate transaminase ratio, BMI, and urine red blood cell levels were identified as independent predictors for the differential diagnosis of PCa according to multivariate logistic regression analysis. The RandomForest model exhibited the best predictive performance and had the highest net benefit when compared with the other algorithms, with an area under the curve of 0.871. In addition, DCA had the highest net benefit across the whole range of cut-off points examined. Conclusion: The RandomForest-based model generated showed good prediction ability for the risk of PCa. Thus, this model could help urologists in the treatment decision-making process. Copyright © 2022 Deng, Li, Mo, Wang, Ji, He, Mohamud, Pradhan and Cheng.
HPS protects the liver against steatosis, cell death, inflammation, and fibrosis in mice with steatohepatitis; Hepassocin (HPS) is a hepatokine associated with metabolic regulation and development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). However, previous reports on HPS are controversial and its true function is not yet understood. Here, we demonstrated that hepatic HPS expression levels were upregulated in short-term feeding and downregulated in long-term feeding in high-fat diet (HFD)- and methionine- and choline-deficient (MCD) diet-fed mice, as well as in genetically obese (ob/ob) mice. HFD- and MCD-induced hepatic steatosis, inflammation, apoptosis, and fibrosis were more pronounced in HPS knockout mice than in the wild-type mice. Moreover, HPS depletion aggravated HFD-induced insulin resistance. By contrast, HPS administration improved MCD- or HFD-induced liver phenotypes and insulin resistance in HPS knockout and wild-type mice. Mechanistic studies revealed that MCD-induced hepatic oxidative stress was significantly increased by HPS deficiency and could be attenuated by HPS administration. Furthermore, palmitic acid-induced lipid accumulation and oxidative stress were exclusively enhanced in HPS knockout hepatocytes and diminished by HPS cotreatment. These data suggest that HPS ameliorates NASH in mice, at least in part, by inhibiting the oxidative stress. HPS expression levels are downregulated in human fatty liver tissues, suggesting that it may play an important protective role in NASH. Collectively, our findings provide clear genetic evidence that HPS has beneficial effects on the development of steatohepatitis in mice and suggest that upregulating HPS signaling may represent an effective treatment strategy for NASH. © 2022 Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
Association of Gut Microbiota With Intestinal Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury; Intestinal ischemia/reperfusion (II/R) is a common acute and critical condition in clinical practice with a high mortality rate. However, there is still a lack of effective prevention and treatment measures for II/R injury. The role of the gut microbiota in II/R has attracted widespread attention. Recent evidence has demonstrated that the gut microbiota plays a pivotal role in the occurrence, development, and prognosis of II/R. Therefore, maintaining the homeostasis of gut microbiota and its metabolites may be a potential strategy for the treatment of II/R. This review focuses on the importance of crosstalk between the gastrointestinal ecosystem and II/R to highlight II/R-induced gut microbiota signatures and potential applications of microbial-based therapies in II/R. This will also provide potentially effective biomarkers for the prediction, diagnosis and treatment of II/R. Copyright © 2022 Chen, Wang, Shi, Liu, Wu and Luo.
Maternal liver dysfunction in early pregnancy predisposes to gestational diabetes mellitus independent of preconception overweight: A prospective cohort study; Objective: To evaluate whether the associations of maternal liver dysfunction and liver function biomarkers (LFBs) with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are independent of overweight. Design: Prospective cohort study. Methods: A sub-cohort of pregnant women with seven LFBs examined at 9–13 weeks of gestation and with complete GDM evaluation at mid-gestation were extracted from the prospective Shanghai Preconception Cohort Study. Associations of liver dysfunction, defined as having any elevated LFB levels, and individual LFB levels with GDM incidence were assessed by adjusting body mass index and other covariates in the multivariable logistic regression model. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CI were reported. Main outcome measures: Incident GDM. Results: Among 6211 pregnant women, 975 (15.7%) developed GDM. Liver dysfunction was associated with increased odds of GDM (OR 1.63; 95% CI 1.38–1.92). This association persisted after adjustment for BMI (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.37; 95% CI 1.15–1.63). Higher γ-glutamyl transferase, alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, and albumin levels were also linked with GDM (aOR per 1 SD: 1.15, 95% CI 1.08–1.23; 1.10, 1.03–1.17; 1.21, 1.13–1.29 and 1.19, 1.11–1.27, respectively). Similar magnitudes of associations were observed between normal weight and overweight pregnant women. Conclusion: Maternal liver dysfunction in early pregnancy predisposes women to subsequent GDM, and this association is independent of being overweight preconception. Our findings of an increased risk even in normal-weight pregnant women adds new mechanistic insights about the pathophysiological role of liver function in GDM aetiology. Tweetable abstract: Maternal liver dysfunction in early pregnancy is associated with GDM incidence independent of preconception overweight. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy of dietary supplements targeting gut microbiota in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a kind of metabolic disease occurring during gestation period, which often leads to adverse pregnancy outcomes and seriously harms the health of mothers and infants. The pathogenesis of GDM may be bound up with the abnormal gut microbiota composition in pregnant women. Previous studies have clarified that dietary supplements can regulate the gut microbiota to play a role. Therefore, using dietary supplements, such as probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics to target the gut microbiota to regulate the disordered gut microbiota would become a potential method that benefits for preventing and treating GDM. This paper reviews a series of clinical trials in recent years, expounds on the clinical effects of dietary supplements such as probiotics on GDM, and discusses the intervention effects of dietary supplements on GDM related risk factors, including overweight, obesity, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In addition, the relationship of GDM and gut microbiota is also discussed, and the possible mechanisms of dietary supplements are summarized. This review will help to promote the further development of dietary supplements targeting gut microbiota and provide more knowledge support for clinical application in the prevention and treatment of various diseases. Copyright © 2022 Wan and Ma.
Cdc42 upregulation under high glucose induces podocyte apoptosis and impairs β-cell insulin secretion; Objectives: The progressive impairment of β-cell function results in prolonged deterioration in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Interestingly, the finding on pancreatitis secondary to renal injury suggests that potential communication exists between kidney and pancreas. Therefore, we aimed to investigate cell division cycle 42 (Cdc42)-mediated podocyte apoptosis and its effect on insulin secretion in islet β-cells. Methods: Type 2 diabetic nephropathy mouse models were established to identify the expression of Cdc42 in podocytes by immunohistochemistry. An in vitro co-culture of mouse podocyte MPC5 and β-TC6 cells was preliminarily established. Subsequently, podocyte apoptosis induced by high glucose and Cdc42 was detected by TUNEL staining and western blotting. In addition, the JNK pathway was examined to determine the mechanism of apoptosis in MPC5 cells. Finally, insulin secretion and expression in β-TC6 cells as well as malondialdehyde (MDA) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) levels in both cell types were examined after the regulation of Cdc42 in MPC5 cells. Results: Cdc42 was highly expressed in the podocytes of diabetic nephropathy mice. Exposure to 25 mM glucose for 48 h induced a significant upregulation of Cdc42, Bax, and cleaved caspase-3 as well as a decreased Bcl-2 expression. In addition, marked apoptosis of MPC5 cells was observed compared to normal glucose treatment. After transfection with Cdc42 plasmid, apoptosis of MPC5 cells was enhanced with an increased expression of p-JNK, whereas inhibition of Cdc42 significantly alleviated podocyte apoptosis accompanied by a downregulation of p-JNK. The glucose-stimulated insulin secretion level of β-TC6 cells decreased after the upregulation of Cdc42 in MPC5 cells. Immunofluorescence staining for insulin showed that co-culture with MPC5 cells carrying the Cdc42 plasmid significantly reduced insulin expression, whereas inhibition of Cdc42 in MPC5 cells alleviated the above-mentioned abnormality of β-TC6 cells. The expression of Cdc42 and p-p38 in β-TC6 cells increased following the upregulation of Cdc42 in MPC5 cells; this was concurrent with augmented MDA levels and decreased SOD activity. The opposite result was observed for Cdc42 knockdown in MPC5 cells. Conclusions: Cdc42 in podocytes plays a crucial role in insulin secretion by β-cells, which may provide a new therapeutic target to prevent the vicious cycle of β-cell dysfunction in T2DM. Copyright © 2022 Jiang, Xu, Yao, Zhang, Li, Zhang, Xie, Xing, Zhang, Zhou, Liao and Dong.
Association between maternal pre-and gestational nutritional status, pathology, breastfeeding and overnutrition in offspring aged 5 to 10 years; Overnutrition is a relevant public health problem with a multifactorial origin. Associated factors include maternal nutritional status before, during, and after gestation, excessive gestational weight gain, and breastfeeding duration. The objective of the study was to evaluate the association between overnutrition in children aged 5-10 years and pre-and gestational nutritional status, exclusive breastfeeding, and maternal pathologies. The study consisted of 213 schoolchildren aged 5-10 years. Bio-socio-demographic data were obtained through interviews with mothers, previous maternal data and pregnancy follow-up records. Nutritional status was measured using weight-for-height and BMI z-score by age and sex. The STATA 15.0 software was used for statistical analysis. A total of 56% of the schoolchildren had overnutrition. Meanwhile, 53.1% of the mothers demonstrated pre-pregnancy overnutrition, which increased to 74.6% post-pregnancy. It was found that 71.4% of schoolchildren had experienced exclusive breastfeeding ≥6 months. Maternal age ≥35 years (p= 0.044) and pregestational nutritional status (p= 0.014) were statistically related. Maternal age ≥35 years increased overnutrition by almost two-fold (OR= 1.78; IC: 1.029-3.046), as did pre-gestational nutritional status (OR= 2.11; IC: 1.193-3.693) and maternal pathologies (OR= 1.41; IC: 1.073-2.694). In conclusion, schoolchildren aged 5-10 years with mothers ≥35 years of age, who had overnutrition in the pre-gestational period, and a pathology were 1.4 to 2.44 times more at risk of developing overnutrition than children without these factors. © 2022, Sociedad Chilena de Nutricion Bromatologia y Toxilogica. All rights reserved.
Progress in Research on the Alleviation of Glucose Metabolism Disorders in Type 2 Diabetes Using Cyclocarya paliurus; Globally, the incidence of diabetes is increasing annually, and China has the largest number of patients with diabetes. Patients with type 2 diabetes need lifelong medication, with severe cases requiring surgery. Diabetes treatment may cause complications, side-effects, and postoperative sequelae that could lead to adverse health problems and significant social and economic burdens; thus, more efficient hypoglycemic drugs have become a research hotspot. Glucose metabolism disorders can promote diabetes, a systemic metabolic disease that impairs the function of other organs, including the heart, liver, and kidneys. Cyclocarya paliurus leaves have gathered increasing interest among researchers because of their effectiveness in ameliorating glucose metabolism disorders. At present, various compounds have been isolated from C. paliurus, and the main active components include polysaccharides, triterpenes, flavonoids, and phenolic acids. C. paliurus mainly ameliorates glucose metabolism disorders by reducing glucose uptake, regulating blood lipid levels, regulating the insulin signaling pathway, reducing β-cell apoptosis, increasing insulin synthesis and secretion, regulating abundances of intestinal microorganisms, and exhibiting α-glucosidase inhibitor activity. In this paper, the mechanism of glucose metabolism regulation by C. paliurus was reviewed to provide a reference to prevent and treat diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, obesity, and other metabolic diseases. © 2022 by the authors.
Phthalate Exposures and Placental Health in Animal Models and Humans: A Systematic Review; Phthalates are ubiquitous compounds known to leach from the plastic products that contain them. Due to their endocrine-disrupting properties, a wide range of studies have elucidated their effects on reproduction, metabolism, neurodevelopment, and growth. Additionally, their impacts during pregnancy and on the developing fetus have been extensively studied. Most recently, there has been interest in the impacts of phthalates on the placenta, a transient major endocrine organ critical to maintenance of the uterine environment and fetal development. Phthalate-induced changes in placental structure and function may have significant impacts on the course of pregnancy and ultimately, child health. Prior reviews have described the literature on phthalates and placental health; however to date, there has been no comprehensive, systematic review on this topic. Here, we review 35 papers (24 human and 11 animal studies) and summarize phthalate exposures in relation to an extensive set of placental measures. Phthalate-related alterations were reported for placental morphology, hormone production, vascularization, histopathology, and gene/protein expression. The most consistent changes were observed in vascular and morphologic endpoints, including cell composition. These changes have implications for pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction as well as potential ramifications for children's health. This comprehensive review of the literature, including common sources of bias, will inform the future work in this rapidly expanding field.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved.
Influence of Gender in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complication; In medicine, there is growing evidence that gender differences are important and lead to variations in the pathophysiology and treatment of many diseases with traits that appear to be particularly relevant in influencing the outcomes of many morbid forms. Today, the inclusion of gender in biomedical research, to improve the scientific quality and scientific relevance of knowledge, of technology is an increasingly present element precisely due to the practical implications that derive from it. Gender differences describe the biological variability between women and men, which is, in turn, related to differences in the information contained in sex chromosomes, the specific gene expression of autosomes linked to sex, the different number and quality of sex hormones, and their different effects on systems and organs, without neglecting the fact that each of the sexes has different target organs on which these hormones act. Additionally, both genders undergo metabolic changes throughout their lives, and this is especially true for women who show more dramatic changes due to their role in reproduction. Gender differences are not only the result of our genetic makeup but are also mixed with socio-cultural habits, behaviors, and lifestyles, differences between women and men, exposure to specific environmental influences, different food and lifestyle styles or stress, or different attitude in compliance with treatments and disease prevention campaigns. Gender differences also affect behavior throughout life, and physical changes can have implications for lifestyle, social roles, and mental health. Therefore, determinism and therapeutic outcome in chronic diseases are influenced by a complex combination of biological and environmental factors, not forgetting that there are many interactions of social and biological factors in women and men. This review will address the role of gender differences in the management of various forms of diabetes and its complications considering the different biological functions of hormones, the difference in body composition, physiological differences in glucose and fat metabolism, also considering the role of the microbiota. intestinal, as well as the description of gestational diabetes linked to possible pathophysiological events typical of reproduction. © 2022 by the authors.
Female obesity and infertility: outcomes and regulatory guidance; Obesity has been associated with reduced fertility, although the dynamics and mechanisms which link excess weight to reduced fertility are not yet fully clarified. Obese women, especially those with central obesity, are less likely to conceive per cycle. Obese women suffer from perturbations of the hypothalamus-pituitary-ovary axis, disturbances of the menstrual cycle and are up to three times more likely to suffer from oligo/anovulation. A delicate hormonal balance regulates follicular development and the maturation of oo-cytes and it has been observed that obesity can alter the hormonal environment: adipocytes, in fact, are responsible for the production of a hormone called leptin (present in high quantities in obese women) which has been associated with reduced fecundity. In addition to compromising ovulation, obesity negatively affects the development and implantation of the endometrium. The expression of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is regulated, in part, by weight, so obese women with PCOS often have a more severe phenotype and higher subfertility rates. Furthermore, obesity impairs women’s response to medically assisted procreation (MAP) treatments. The authors have set out to delineate a broad-ranging overview of obesity’s impact on female fertility, by drawing upon sources spanning the 1994-2022 period. Assisted reproductive technology (ART) procedures are also discussed as they relate to obese patients. In addition the dynamics by which maternal obesity reportedly affects fetal, neonatal and child development have also been briefly enunciated. (www. actabiomedica.it). © Mattioli 1885.
C1q/tumour necrosis factor-related protein-3 alleviates high-glucose-induced lipid accumulation and necroinflammation in renal tubular cells by activating the adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase pathway; Lipid accumulation and progressive necroinflammation play pivotal roles in the development of diabetic nephropathy. C1q tumour necrosis factor-related protein-3 (CTRP3) is an adipokine with pleiotropic functions in cell proliferation, glucose and lipid metabolism, and inflammation. However, the mechanism and involvement of CTRP3 in lipid metabolism and the necroinflammation of renal tubular cells remain unclear. Here, we report that CTRP3 expression decreased in a time- and concentration-dependent manner in high glucose-stimulated HK-2 cells. We noted that the overexpression of CTRP3 or recombinant CTRP3 (rCTRP3) treatment prevented high glucose-induced lipid accumulation by inhibiting the expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 and increasing the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α and ATP-binding cassette A1. Moreover, the nucleotide-binding oligomerisation domain-like receptor protein 3-mediated inflammatory response and mixed lineage kinase domain-like protein-dependent necroinflammation were inhibited by CTRP3 overexpression or rCTRP3 treatment in HK-2 cells cultured in high glucose. Furthermore, lipotoxicity-induced by palmitic acid was found to be involved in necroinflammation in HK-2 cells, and CTRP3 displayed the same protective effect. CTRP3 also activated the adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway, whereas adenine 9-β-D-arabinofuranoside, an AMPK inhibitor, replicated the protective effects of CTRP3. Besides, using kidney biopsies from patients with diabetes, we found that decreased CTRP3 expression was accompanied by increased lipid deposition, as well as the structural and functional injury of renal tubular cells. Our findings demonstrate that CTRP3 affects lipid metabolism and necroinflammation in renal tubular cells via the AMPK signalling pathway. Thus, CTRP3 may be a potential therapeutic target in diabetic renal injury. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Physiological Effects of Air Pollution: Particulate Matter, Physiology and Disease; Nine out of 10 people breathe air that does not meet World Health Organization pollution limits. Air pollutants include gasses and particulate matter and collectively are responsible for ~8 million annual deaths. Particulate matter is the most dangerous form of air pollution, causing inflammatory and oxidative tissue damage. A deeper understanding of the physiological effects of particulate matter is needed for effective disease prevention and treatment. This review will summarize the impact of particulate matter on physiological systems, and where possible will refer to apposite epidemiological and toxicological studies. By discussing a broad cross-section of available data, we hope this review appeals to a wide readership and provides some insight on the impacts of particulate matter on human health. Copyright © 2022 Pryor, Cowley and Simonds.
Adropin’s Role in Energy Homeostasis and Metabolic Disorders; Adropin is a novel 76-amino acid-peptide that is expressed in different tissues and cells including the liver, pancreas, heart and vascular tissues, kidney, milk, serum, plasma and many parts of the brain. Adropin, encoded by the Enho gene, plays a crucial role in energy homeostasis. The literature review indicates that adropin alleviates the degree of insulin resistance by reducing endogenous hepatic glucose production. Adropin improves glucose metabolism by enhancing glucose utilization in mice, including the sensitization of insulin signaling pathways such as Akt phosphorylation and the activation of the glucose transporter 4 receptor. Several studies have also demonstrated that adropin improves cardiac function, cardiac efficiency and coronary blood flow in mice. Adropin can also reduce the levels of serum triglycerides, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. In contrast, it increases the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, often referred to as the beneficial cholesterol. Adropin inhibits inflammation by reducing the tissue level of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor alpha and interleukin-6. The protective effect of adropin on the vascular endothelium is through an increase in the expression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase. This article provides an overview of the existing literature about the role of adropin in different pathological conditions. © 2022 by the authors.
Sleep duration and health outcomes: an umbrella review; Purpose: To collect existing evidence on the relationship between sleep duration and health outcomes. Methods: A thorough search was conducted in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from inception to January, 2021. Meta-analyses of observational and interventional studies were eligible if they examined the associations between sleep duration and human health. Results: In total, this umbrella review identified 69 meta-analyses with 11 outcomes for cancers and 30 outcomes for non-cancer conditions. Inappropriate sleep durations may significantly elevate the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), cognitive decline, coronary heart disease (CHD), depression, falls, frailty, lung cancer, metabolic syndrome (MS), and stroke. Dose–response analysis revealed that a 1-h reduction per 24 hours is associated with an increased risk by 3–11% of all-cause mortality, CHD, osteoporosis, stroke, and T2DM among short sleepers. Conversely, a 1-h increment in long sleepers is associated with a 7–17% higher risk of stroke mortality, CHD, stroke, and T2DM in adults. Conclusion: Inappropriate sleep duration is a risk factor for developing non-cancer conditions. Decreasing and increasing sleep hours towards extreme sleep durations are associated with poor health outcomes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Triglyceride Level-and MTHFR-Specific Mediation Effect of Handgrip Strength on the Association of Dietary Protein Intake and Cognitive Function in the Chinese Elderly; Background: Recent findings suggest that both dietary protein intake and hand grip strength (HGS) were associated with cognitive function, however, few studies have been devoted specifically to the mediation effect of HGS on the association of the dietary protein with cognitive function. Objective: To confirm the hypothesis that HGS mediated the association of dietary protein intake with cognitive function in the elderly, which was modified by triglyceride level and methylenetetrahydro-folate reductase (MTHFR) gene status. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 3,268 participants. Dietary protein intake, HGS, and cognitive function were collected by food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), grip measurements and mini mental state examination (MMSE), respectively. In this mediation analysis, dietary protein intake was entered as an independent variable, HGS was entered as a mediator, and cognitive function was entered as a dependent variable. Results: HGS significantly mediated the associations of dietary protein (β = 0.0013, 95% CI: 0.0007, 0.0022), animal protein (β = 0.0024, 95% CI: 0.0012, 0.0037), and plant protein intake (β = 0.0011, 95% CI: 0.0001, 0.0023) with cognitive function in total participants, with the mediated proportion of 16.19%, 12.45% and 20.57%, respectively. Furthermore, significant mediation effects of HGS on the associations of dietary protein, animal protein, and plant protein intake with MMSE score were found in the elderly without hypertriglyceridemia or in MTHFR C677T CC/CT carriers. Conclusion: This study suggested that HGS mediated the association of dietary protein intake with cognitive function, and this mediation effect was modified by triglyceride level and MTHFR C677T gene status. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Patchouli alcohol suppresses inflammation and autophagy, and reduces osteoclast formation in periodontitis via regulation of ERK and NF-κB signaling pathways; Purpose: To evaluate the effect of patchouli alcohol (PA) on periodontitis and reveal its possible mechanism. Methods: Primary human periodontal membrane cells (PDLC) were isolated and treated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) to establish a periodontitis model. The MTT, flow cytometry and immunofluorescence assay were used to determine the effect of PA on cell viability and apoptosis in PDLC exposed to LPS. The inflammation status and osteoclast formation were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and TRAP staining. Immunoblot assays were performed to analyze the effect of LPS on ERK and NF-κB pathways. Results: Patchouli alcohol (PA) improved LPS-induced PDLC growth arrest (p < 0.001). In addition, PA relieved LPS - induced autophagy of PDLCs (p < 0.001). Further data confirmed that PA inhibited lPS-induced inflammation of PDLCs. In addition, PA reduced osteoclast formation, and suppressed inflammation and autophagy, and also reduced osteoclast formation by regulating ERK and NF-κB pathways. Conclusion: Patchouli alcohol inhibits inflammation and autophagy, and decreases osteoclast formation in periodontitis via the regulation of ERK and NF-κB signaling pathways. Thus, this compound has potentials for development for the treatment of periodontitis; however, in vivo studies should first be undertaken. © 2022 University of Benin. All rights reserved.
The adaptation of maternal energy metabolism to lactation and its underlying mechanisms; Maternal energy metabolism undergoes a singular adaptation during lactation that allows for the caloric enrichment of milk. Changes in the mammary gland, changes in the white adipose tissue, brown adipose tissue, liver, skeletal muscles and endocrine pancreas are pivotal for this adaptation. The present review details the landmark studies describing the enzymatic modulation and the endocrine signals behind these metabolic changes. We will also update this perspective with data from recent studies showing transcriptional and post-transcriptional mechanisms that mediate the adaptation of the maternal metabolism to lactation. The present text will also bring experimental and observational data that describe the long-term consequences that short periods of lactation impose to maternal metabolism. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The association of serum sulfur amino acids and related metabolites with incident diabetes: a prospective cohort study; Aim: Plasma total cysteine (tCys) is associated with fat mass and insulin resistance, whereas taurine is inversely related to diabetes risk. We investigated the association of serum sulfur amino acids (SAAs) and related amino acids (AAs) with incident diabetes. Methods: Serum AAs were measured at baseline in 2997 subjects aged ≥ 65 years. Diabetes was recorded at baseline and after 4 years. Logistic regression evaluated the association of SAAs [methionine, total homocysteine (tHcy), cystathionine, tCys, and taurine] and related metabolites [serine, total glutathione (tGSH), glutamine, and glutamic acid] with diabetes risk. Results: Among 2564 subjects without diabetes at baseline, 4.6% developed diabetes. Each SD increment in serum tCys was associated with a 68% higher risk (95% CI 1.27, 2.23) of diabetes [OR for upper vs. lower quartile 2.87 (1.39, 5.91)], after full adjustments (age, sex, other AAs, adiposity, eGFR, physical activity, blood pressure, diet and medication); equivalent ORs for cystathionine were 1.33 (1.08, 1.64) and 1.68 (0.85, 3.29). Subjects who were simultaneously in the upper tertiles of both cystathionine and tCys had a fivefold risk [OR = 5.04 (1.55, 16.32)] of diabetes compared with those in the lowest tertiles. Higher serine was independently associated with a lower risk of developing diabetes [fully adjusted OR per SD = 0.68 (0.54, 0.86)]. Glutamic acid and glutamine showed positive and negative associations, respectively, with incident diabetes in age- and sex-adjusted analysis, but only the glutamic acid association was independent of other confounders [fully adjusted OR per SD = 1.95 (1.19, 3.21); for upper quartile = 7.94 (3.04, 20.75)]. tGSH was inversely related to diabetes after adjusting for age and sex, but not other confounders. No consistent associations were observed for methionine, tHcy or taurine. Conclusion: Specific SAAs and related metabolites show strong and independent associations with incident diabetes. This suggests that perturbations in the SAA metabolic pathway may be an early marker for diabetes risk. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Heterocyclic compounds as a magic bullet for diabetes mellitus: a review; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a major metabolic disorder due to hyperglycemia, which is increasing all over the world. From the last two decades, the use of synthetic agents has risen due to their major involvement in curing of chronic diseases including DM. The core skeleton of drugs has been studied such as thiazolidinone, azole, chalcone, pyrrole and pyrimidine along with their derivatives. Diabetics assays have been performed in consideration of different enzymes such as α-glycosidase, α-amylase, and α-galactosidase against acarbose standard drug. The studied moieties were depicted in both models: in vivo as well as in vitro. Molecular docking of the studied compounds as antidiabetic molecules was performed with the help of Auto Dock and molecular operating environment (MOE) software. Amino acid residues Asp349, Arg312, Arg439, Asn241, Val303, Glu304, Phe158, His103, Lys422 and Thr207 that are present on the active sites of diabetic related enzymes showed interactions with ligand molecules. In this review data were organized for the synthesis of heterocyclic compounds through various routes along with their antidiabetic potential, and further studies such as pharmacokinetic and toxicology studies should be executed before going for clinical trials. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Extremely small and incredibly close: Gut microbes as modulators of inflammation and targets for therapeutic intervention; Chronic inflammation is a hallmark for a variety of disorders and is at least partially responsible for disease progression and poor patient health. In recent years, the microbiota inhabiting the human gut has been associated with not only intestinal inflammatory diseases but also those that affect the brain, liver, lungs, and joints. Despite a strong correlation between specific microbial signatures and inflammation, whether or not these microbes are disease markers or disease drivers is still a matter of debate. In this review, we discuss what is known about the molecular mechanisms by which the gut microbiota can modulate inflammation, both in the intestine and beyond. We identify the current gaps in our knowledge of biological mechanisms, discuss how these gaps have likely contributed to the uncertain outcome of fecal microbiota transplantation and probiotic clinical trials, and suggest how both mechanistic insight and -omics-based approaches can better inform study design and therapeutic intervention. Copyright © 2022 Piazzesi and Putignani.
Nicotine Exposure during Rodent Pregnancy Alters the Composition of Maternal Gut Microbiota and Abundance of Maternal and Amniotic Short Chain Fatty Acids; Tobacco smoking is the leading cause of preventable death. Numerous reports link smoking in pregnancy with serious adverse outcomes, such as miscarriage, stillbirth, prematurity, low birth weight, perinatal morbidity, and infant mortality. Corollaries of consuming nicotine in pregnancy, separate from smoking, are less explored, and the mechanisms of nicotine action on maternal–fetal communication are poorly understood. This study examined alterations in the maternal gut microbiome in response to nicotine exposure during pregnancy. We report that changes in the maternal gut microbiota milieu are an important intermediary that may mediate the prenatal nicotine exposure effects, affect gene expression, and alter fetal exposure to circulating short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and leptin during in utero development. © 2022 by the authors.
Prenatal Effects of Nicotine on Obesity Risks: A Narrative Review; Nicotine usage by mothers throughout pregnancy has been observed to relate to numerous deleterious effects in children, especially relating to obesity. Children who have prenatally been exposed to nicotine tend to have lower birth weights, with an elevated risk of becoming overweight throughout development and into their adolescent and adult life. There are numerous theories as to how this occurs: catch-up growth theory, thrifty phenotype theory, neurotransmitter or endocrine imbalances theory, and a more recent examination on the genetic factors relating to obesity risk. In addition to the negative effect on bodyweight and BMI, individuals with obesity may also suffer from numerous comorbidities involving metabolic disease. These may include type 1 and 2 diabetes, high cholesterol levels, and liver disease. Predisposition for obesity with nicotine usage may also be associated with genetic risk alleles for obesity, such as the DRD2 A1 variant. This is important for prenatally nicotine-exposed individuals as an opportunity to provide early prevention and intervention of obesity-related risks. © 2022 by the authors.
Hyperandrogenism diminishes maternal-fetal fatty acid transport by increasing FABP4-mediated placental lipid accumulation; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) are critical for fetal brain development. Infants born to preeclamptic mothers or those born growth restricted due to placental insufficiency have reduced LCPUFA and are at higher risk for developing neurodevelopmental disorders. Since plasma levels of testosterone (T) and fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) are elevated in preeclampsia, we hypothesized that elevated T induces the expression of FABP4 in the placenta leading to compromised transplacental transport of LCPUFAs. Increased maternal T in pregnant rats significantly decreased n-3 and n-6 LCPUFA levels in maternal and fetal circulation, but increased their placental accumulation. Dietary LCPUFAs supplementation in T dams increased LCPUFA levels in the maternal circulation and further augmented placental storage, while failing to increase fetal levels. The placenta in T dams exhibited increased FABP4 mRNA and protein levels. In vitro, T dose-dependently upregulated FABP4 transcription in trophoblasts. Testosterone stimulated androgen receptor (AR) recruitment to the androgen response element and trans-activated FABP4 promoter activity, both of which were abolished by AR antagonist. Testosterone in pregnant rats and cultured trophoblasts significantly reduced transplacental transport of C14-docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and increased C14-DHA accumulation in the placenta. Importantly, FABP4 overexpression by itself in pregnant rats and trophoblasts increased transplacental transport of C14-DHA with no significant placental accumulation. Testosterone exposure, in contrast, inhibited this FABP4-mediated effect by promoting C14-DHA placental accumulation. © 2022 The Author(s).
The Effects of Asprosin on Exercise-Intervention in Metabolic Diseases; Fibrillin is the major constituent of extracellular microfibrils, which are distributed throughout connective tissues. Asprosin is derived from the C-terminal region of the FBN1 gene, which encodes profibrillin that undergoes cleavage by furin protein. In response to fasting with low dietary glucose, asprosin is released as a secreted factor from white adipose tissue, and is transported to the liver for the mediation of glucose release into the blood circulation. Through binding to OLFR734, an olfactory G-protein-coupled receptor in liver cells, asprosin induces a glucogenic effect to regulate glucose homeostasis. Bioinformatics analyses revealed that the FBN1 gene is abundantly expressed in human skeletal muscle-derived mesoangioblasts, osteoblast-like cells, and mesenchymal stem cells, indicating that the musculoskeletal system might play a role in the regulation of asprosin expression. Interestingly, recent studies suggest that asprosin is regulated by exercise. This timely review discusses the role of asprosin in metabolism, its receptor signalling, as well as the exercise regulation of asprosin. Collectively, asprosin may have a vital regulatory effect on the improvement of metabolic disorders such as diabetes mellitus and obesity via exercise. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Liu, Huang, Zhang, Zhu, Chen, Bennett, Xu and Zou.
Associations between maternal obesity and offspring gut microbiome in the first year of life; Background: Maternal obesity is an important determinant of offspring obesity risk, which may be mediated via changes in the infant microbiome. Objectives: We examined infant faecal microbiome, short-chain fatty acids (SCFA), and maternal human milk oligosaccharides (HMO) in mothers with overweight/obese body mass index (BMI) (OW) compared with normal weight (NW) (Clinicaltrials.gov NCT01131117). Methods: Infant stool samples at 1, 6, and 12 months were analysed by 16S rRNA sequencing. Maternal (BODPOD) and infant (quantitative nuclear magnetic resonance [QMR]) adiposity were measured. HMOs at 2 months postpartum and faecal SCFAs at 1 month were also assessed. Statistical analyses included multivariable and mixed linear models for assessment of microbiome diversity, composition, and associations of taxonomic abundance with metabolic and anthropometric variables. Results: At 1 month, offspring of women with obesity had lower abundance of SCFA-producing bacteria (including Ruminococcus and Turicibacter) and lower faecal butyric acid levels. Lachnospiraceae abundance was lower in OW group at 6 months, and infant fat mass was negatively associated with the levels of Sutterella. Gradient boosting machine models indicated that higher α-diversity and specific microbial taxa at 1 month predicted elevated adiposity at 12 months with overall accuracy of 76.5%. Associations between maternal HMO concentrations and infant bacterial taxa differed between NW and OW groups. Conclusions: Elevated maternal BMI is associated with relative depletion of butyrate-producing microbes and faecal butyrate in the early infant faecal microbiome. Overall microbial richness may aid in prediction of elevated adiposity in later infancy. © 2022 World Obesity Federation.
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero; Purpose: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring’s cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring’s cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. Methods: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother–child cohort. We measured gestational (26–28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a ‘gestational glycemia × breastfeeding’ interaction term. Results: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. Conclusion: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
The study of the identification and association of adiponectin and Interleukin-6 and some variables. Biochemical parameters in the Iraqi cord blood of newborns; The current study was conducted on the umbilical cord blood of newborns in the Banks Hospital in Baghdad, Diyala, and Khalis in Diyala, where the study included 90 samples of blood, and samples were collected for the period from the 1st of October;2020 to The first of February;2021 AD, where the study included measuring levels of interleukin-6;Adiponectin,glucose and bilirubin in the blood, comparison study between the study variables with the child's weight (greater than 3 kg),(less or equal 3 kg),the mother's age (greater than 25 years, less or equal to 25 years),the sex of the child (male, female).The results of our study showed that there were no significant differences between the variables of the current study between the two sex between the mother's age groups and between the child's weight groups Self-correlation relationships were conducted according to gender for males and females, and the results of our study revealed a significant correlation between IL-6 and ADP in females. In males, a significant negative correlation between TSB and ADP was found. As for weight, it was found that there is a positive significant positive correlation between ADP and Glucose within a group (greater than 3 kg),and a significant positive correlation relationship between ADP and TSB within the same category;also the results of our current study showed a significant positive correlation between IL-6 and ADP within the category (less than 3 kg),as for the mother's age,there was no correlation relationship.  © 2022 Author(s).
The dynamic effects of maternal high-calorie diet on glycolipid metabolism and gut microbiota from weaning to adulthood in offspring mice; Dysbiosis of gut microbiota can contribute to the progression of diabetes and obesity. Previous studies have shown that maternal high-fat (HF) diet during the perinatal period can alter the microbiota and induce metabolic disorders at weaning. However, whether dysbiosis of gut microbiota and metabolism could be recovered by a normal diet after weaning and the dynamic changes of gut microbiota have not been fully studied. In this study, C57BL/6J female mice were fed with a normal chow (NC) or HF diet for 4 weeks preconception, during gestation, and until pup weaning. After weaning, male offspring were fed with an NC diet until 9 weeks of age. The microbiota of offspring at weaning and 9 weeks of age was collected for 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing. We found that dams fed with an HF diet showed glucose intolerance after lactation. Compared with the offspring from NC dams, the offspring from HF dams exhibited a higher body weight, hyperglycemia, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, hypercholesterolemia, and leptin resistance and lower adiponectin at weaning. Fecal analysis indicated altered microbiota composition between the offspring of the two groups. The decrease in favorable bacteria (such as norank f Bacteroidales S24-7 group) and increase in unfavorable bacteria (such as Lachnoclostridium and Desulfovibrio) were strongly associated with a disturbance of glucose and lipid metabolism. After 6 weeks of normal diet, no difference in body weight, glucose, and lipid profiles was observed between the offspring of the two groups. However, the microbiota composition of offspring in the HF group was still different from that in the NC group, and microbiota diversity was lower in offspring of the HF group. The abundance of Lactobacillus was lower in the offspring of the HF group. In conclusion, a maternal HF diet can induce metabolic homeostasis and gut microbiota disturbance in offspring at weaning. Gut microbiota dysbiosis can persist into adulthood in the offspring, which might have a role in the promotion of susceptibility to obesity and diabetes in the later life of the offspring. Copyright © 2022 Zheng, Zhang, Gao, Wu and Zhang.
A diagnostic model for overweight and obesity from untargeted urine metabolomics of soldiers; Soldiers in active military service need optimal physical fitness for successfully carrying out their operations. Therefore, their health status is regularly checked by army doctors. These inspections include physical parameters such as the body-mass index (BMI), functional tests, and biochemical studies. If a medical exam reveals an individual’s excess weight, further examinations are made, and corrective actions for weight lowering are initiated. The collection of urine is non-invasive and therefore attractive for frequent metabolic screening. We compared the chemical profiles of urinary samples of 146 normal weight, excess weight, and obese soldiers of the Mexican Army, using untargeted metabolomics with liquid chromatography coupled to high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-MS). In combination with data mining, statistical and metabolic pathway analyses suggest increased S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) levels and changes of amino acid metabolites as important variables for overfeeding. We will use these potential biomarkers for the ongoing metabolic monitoring of soldiers in active service. In addition, after validation of our results, we will develop biochemical screening tests that are also suitable for civil applications. Copyright 2022 Albores-Mendez et al.
The aqueous extract of Phragmites rhizome improves hepatic steatosis in obese mice via the AMPK-mediated inhibition of ER stress; Phragmites rhizome has been documented to have antioxidative stress and anti-inflammation properties in several pathogenic models. We aimed to investigate the therapeutic effects and molecular mechanism of the aqueous extract of Phragmites rhizome (AP) in in vitro and in vivo hepatic steatosis models. We found that treatment with AP dose-dependently reduced lipid accumulation and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in palmitate-treated human primary hepatocytes and attenuated hepatic steatosis and ER stress in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice. AMPK phosphorylation and autophagy markers in hepatocytes were augmented by AP. siRNA targeting AMPK or 3-methyladenine (3-MA) abolished the impacts of AP on palmitate-treated hepatocytes. These results suggest that AP treatment suppresses hepatic ER stress through AMPK/autophagy signaling, leading to attenuation of hepatic steatosis. The present study may provide a novel therapeutic approach for treating nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and ER stress-mediated metabolic diseases using natural substances. © 2022 The Authors
Phytochemicals as Drug Leads; Functional bioactive compounds of plant origin have been an invaluable source for many human therapeutic drugs and have played a major role in the treatment of diseases around the world. These compounds possess enormous structural and chemical diversity and have led to many important discoveries. This communication, and accompanying lecture, highlights some of the authors continued efforts in anti-inflammatory drug discovery research, with a focus on the discovery of bioactive phytochemicals and an understanding of their mode of action. The author attempts to provide a brief understanding of the field of drug discovery science followed by a review of cellular and molecular mechanisms that regulate a variety of chronic inflammatory diseases. A brief review of phytochemicals that demonstrate great therapeutic potential follows after which three compounds, namely cardamonin, 2,6-bis(4- Hydroxy-3-Methoxybenzylidene) cyclohexanone (BHMC) and 2,4,6-Trihydroxy-3-geranyl acetophenone (tHGA), are introduced. These compounds are among the many compounds that the author has worked with throughout his 27 years in UPM. The material presented is selected from a much larger pool of research output so as to adhere to a theme and provide the reader clear flow of progression. Therefore, the contents of this communication is not an exhaustive documentation of every research project over the authors career, but rather a compilation of interesting findings with potential for further work. © University of Malayasia 2022. All rights reserved.
Long-Term Effects of Developmental Exposure to Oxycodone on Gut Microbiota and Relationship to Adult Behaviors and Metabolism; Opioid drugs are commonly prescribed analgesic to pregnant women. Direct exposure to such drugs may slow gut motility, alter gut permeability, and affect the gut microbiome. While such drugs affect gut microbiome in infants, no study to date has determined whether developmental exposure to such drugs results in longstanding effects on gut microbiota and correspondingly on host responses. We hypothesized developmental exposure to oxycodone (OXY) leads to enduring effects on gut microbiota and such changes are associated with adult neurobehavioral and metabolic changes. Female mice were treated daily with 5 mg OXY/kg or saline solution (control [CTL]) for 2 weeks prior to breeding and then throughout gestation. Male and female offspring pups were weaned, tested with a battery of behavioral and metabolic tests, and fecal boli were collected adulthood (120 days of age). In females, relative abundance of Butyricimonas spp., Bacteroidetes, Anaeroplasma spp., TM7, Enterococcus spp., and Clostridia were greater in OXY versus CTL individuals. In males, relative abundance of Coriobacteriaceae, Roseburia spp., Sutterella spp., and Clostridia were elevated in OXY exposed individuals. Bacterial changes were also associated with predictive metabolite pathway alterations that also varied according to sex. In males and females, affected gut microbiota correlated with metabolic but not behavioral alterations. The findings suggest that developmental exposure to OXY leads to lasting effects on adult gut microbiota that might affect host metabolism, possibly through specific bacterial metabolites or other bacterial-derived products. Further work is needed to characterize how developmental exposure to OXY affects host responses through the gut microbiome. 2022 Lyu et al.
A maternal higher-complex carbohydrate diet increases bifidobacteria and alters early life acquisition of the infant microbiome in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with considerable imbalances in intestinal microbiota that may underlie pathological conditions in both mothers and infants. To more definitively identify these alterations, we evaluated the maternal and infant gut microbiota through the shotgun metagenomic analysis of a subset of stool specimens collected from a randomized, controlled trial in diet-controlled women with GDM. The women were fed either a CHOICE diet (60% complex carbohydrate/25% fat/15% protein, n=18) or a conventional diet (CONV, 40% complex carbohydrate/45% fat/15% protein, n=16) from 30 weeks’ gestation through delivery. In contrast to other published studies, we designed the study to minimize the influence of other dietary sources by providing all meals, which were eucaloric and similar in fiber content. At 30 and 37 weeks’ gestation, we collected maternal stool samples; performed the fasting measurements of glucose, glycerol, insulin, free fatty acids, and triglycerides; and administered an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to measure glucose clearance and insulin response. Infant stool samples were collected at 2 weeks, 2 months, and 4–5 months of age. Maternal glucose was controlled to conventional targets in both diets, with no differences in Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR). No differences in maternal alpha or beta diversity between the two diets from baseline to 37 weeks’ gestation were observed. However, women on CHOICE diet had higher levels of Bifidobacteriaceae, specifically Bifidobacterium adolescentis, compared with women on CONV. Species-level taxa varied significantly with fasting glycerol, fasting glucose, and glucose AUC after the OGTT challenge. Maternal diet significantly impacted the patterns of infant colonization over the first 4 months of life, with CHOICE infants showing increased microbiome alpha diversity (richness), greater Clostridiaceae, and decreased Enterococcaceae over time. Overall, these results suggest that an isocaloric GDM diet containing greater complex carbohydrates with reduced fat leads to an ostensibly beneficial effect on the maternal microbiome, improved infant gut microbiome diversity, and reduced opportunistic pathogens capable of playing a role in obesity and immune system development. These results highlight the critical role a maternal diet has in shaping the maternal and infant microbiome in women with GDM. Copyright © 2022 Sugino, Hernandez, Barbour, Kofonow, Frank and Friedman.
Benefits of Physical Exercise as Approach to Prevention and Reversion of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children and Adolescents with Obesity; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an important health concern during childhood; indeed, it is the most frequent cause of chronic liver diseases in obese children. No valid pharmacological therapies for children affected by this condition are available, and the recommended treatment is lifestyle modification, usually including nutrition and exercise interventions. In this narrative review, we summarized up-to-date information on the benefits of physical exercise on NAFLD in children and adolescents with obesity. The role of exercise as non-pharmacological treatment was emphasized in order to provide recent advances on this topic for clinicians not deeply involved in the field. Several studies on obese children and adults confirm the positive role of physical activity (PA) in the treatment of NAFLD, but to date, there are no pediatric randomized clinical trials on exercise versus usual care. Among the pathogenic mechanisms involved in the PA effects on NAFLD, the main players seem to be insulin resistance and related inflammation, oxidative stress, and gut dysbiosis, but further evaluations are necessary to deeply understand whether these factors are correlated and how they synergistically act. Thus, a deeper research on this theme is needed, and it would be extremely interesting. © 2022 by the authors.
Therapeutic Role of Curcumin in Diabetes: An Analysis Based on Bioinformatic Findings; Background: Diabetes is an increasingly prevalent global disease caused by the impairment in insulin production or insulin function. Diabetes in the long term causes both microvascular and macrovascular complications that may result in retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, peripheral arterial disease, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Considerable effort has been expended looking at the numerous genes and pathways to explain the mechanisms leading to diabetes-related complications. Curcumin is a traditional medicine with several properties such as being antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-cancer, and anti-microbial, which may have utility for treating diabetes complications. This study, based on the system biology approach, aimed to investigate the effect of curcumin on critical genes and pathways related to diabetes. Methods: We first searched interactions of curcumin in three different databases, including STITCH, TTD, and DGIdb. Subsequently, we investigated the critical curated protein targets for diabetes on the OMIM and DisGeNET databases. To find important clustering groups (MCODE) and critical hub genes in the network of diseases, we created a PPI network for all proteins obtained for diabetes with the aid of a string database and Cytoscape software. Next, we investigated the possible interactions of curcumin on diabetes-related genes using Venn diagrams. Furthermore, the impact of curcumin on the top scores of modular clusters was analysed. Finally, we conducted biological process and pathway enrichment analysis using Gene Ontology (GO) and KEGG based on the enrichR web server. Results: We acquired 417 genes associated with diabetes, and their constructed PPI network contained 298 nodes and 1651 edges. Next, the analysis of centralities in the PPI network indicated 15 genes with the highest centralities. Additionally, MCODE analysis identified three modular clusters, which highest score cluster (MCODE 1) comprises 19 nodes and 92 edges with 10.22 scores. Screening curcumin interactions in the databases identified 158 protein targets. A Venn diagram of genes related to diabetes and the protein targets of curcumin showed 35 shared proteins, which observed that curcumin could strongly interact with ten of the hub genes. Moreover, we demonstrated that curcumin has the highest interaction with MCODE1 among all MCODs. Several significant biological pathways in KEGG enrichment associated with 35 shared included the AGE-RAGE signaling pathway in diabetic complications, HIF-1 signaling pathway, PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, TNF signaling, and JAK-STAT signaling pathway. The biological processes of GO analysis were involved with the cellular response to cytokine stimulus, the cytokine-mediated signaling pathway, positive regulation of intracellular signal transduction and cytokine production in the inflammatory response. Conclusion: Curcumin targeted several important genes involved in diabetes, supporting the previous research suggesting that it may have utility as a therapeutic agent in diabetes. © 2022 by the authors.
Gut microbiota induces DNA methylation via SCFAs predisposing obesity-prone individuals to diabetes; Obesity-prone (OP) individuals have a significant predisposition to obesity and diabetes. Previously, we have found that OP individuals, despite being normal in weight and BMI, have already exhibited diabetes-related DNA methylation signatures. However, the underlying mechanisms remain obscure. Here we determined the effects of gut microbiota on DNA methylation and investigated the underlying mechanism from microbial-derived short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs). Diabetes-related DNA methylation loci were screened and validated in a new OP cohort. Moreover, the OP group was revealed to have distinct gut microbiota compositions, and fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) demonstrated the role of gut microbiota in inducing diabetes-related DNA methylations and glucolipid disorders. UPLC-ESI-MS/MS analysis indicated a significantly lower level of total fecal SCFAs in the OP group. The gut microbiota from OP subjects yielded markedly decreased total SCFAs, while notably enriched propionate. Additionally, propionate was also identified by variable importance in projection (VIP) score as the most symbolic SCFAs of the OP group. Further cellular experiments verified that propionate could induce hypermethylation at locus cg26345888 and subsequently inhibit the expression of the target gene DAB1, which was crucially associated with clinical vitamin D deficiency and thus may affect the development and progression of diabetes. In conclusion, our study revealed that gut microbiota-derived propionate induces specific DNA methylation, thus predisposing OP individuals to diabetes. The findings partially illuminate the mechanisms of diabetes susceptibility in OP populations, implying gut microbiota and SCFAs may serve as promising targets both for clinical treatment and medication development of diabetes. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Up-regulation of hepatic CD36 by increased corticosterone/cortisol levels via GR leads to lipid accumulation in liver and hypertriglyceridaemia during pregnancy; Background and Purpose: Plasma triglyceride (TG) levels increase as gestation proceeds, and abnormal elevation of TG increases the risk of pregnancy complications. The current study explored the mechanisms involved in hypertriglyceridaemia during pregnancy. Experimental Approach: Lipid profile and expression levels of key genes involved in liver TG metabolism in non-pregnant and pregnant mice were studied. The effects of pregnancy-related hormones on key genes and the underlying mechanisms were uncovered in vitro and in vivo. Key Results: Plasma and hepatic TG levels were elevated, while hepatic fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36) was up-regulated in pregnant mice. Corticosterone and cortisol (endogenous glucocorticoids that are elevated during pregnancy), but not oestradiol or progesterone, significantly up-regulated CD36 in hepatocytes, and this was abolished after knockdown of the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) using a siRNA or in the presence of GR antagonists, RU486 and AL082D06. The luciferase reporter gene and chromatin immunoprecipitation assay further revealed that corticosterone/cortisol promoted the direct binding of GR to the CD36 promoter and up-regulated its transcription. Chronic corticosterone exposure induced liver lipid accumulation and increased plasma TG levels in mice, which were attenuated by RU486 via inhibition of the GR-CD36 pathway. Conclusions and Implications: Increased corticosterone/cortisol induces liver lipid accumulation and hypertriglyceridaemia during pregnancy by accelerating fatty acid uptake into hepatocytes via activation of GR and its target gene, CD36. Our results may be useful for the prevention of severe hypertriglyceridaemia and associated pregnancy complications. © 2022 British Pharmacological Society.
Regulation and physiological functions of phoenixin; Phoenixin is a newly discovered neuropeptide generated from small integral membrane protein 20. Phoenixin is a ligand for the G protein-coupled receptor 173 (GPR173) and has been detected in central and peripheral tissues of human, rats, mice, bovine, and zebrafish. It was initially involved in regulating reproductive function by stimulating the luteinizing hormone release from pituitary cells by increasing the level of gonadotropin-releasing hormone. Recently, many functions of phoenixin have been generalized, including regulation of food intake, memory, Alzheimer’s disease, anxiety, inflammation, neuronal and microglial activity, energy metabolism and body fluid balance, cardiovascular function, and endocrine activity. In addition, the interaction between phoenixin and nesfatin-1 have been revealed. The present article summarized the latest research progress on physiological function of phoenixin, suggesting that it is a potential target for novel drug development and clinical application. Copyright © 2022 Liang, Zhao, Lv and Ji.
The Prevalence of Diabetes among Hypertensive Polish in Relation to Sex-Difference in Body Mass Index, Waist Circumference, Body Fat Percentage and Age; Background: Little is known about sex differences in the risk of type 2 diabetes (DM2) development related to body fat depot. The main aim of this study was to assess sex-specific differences in the prevalence of diabetes in the relation to body mass, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and calculated body fat percentage (BF), adjusted by physical activity, in younger and older hypertensive adults. Subjects/Methods: The survey enrolled 12,289 adult hypertensive outpatients with body weight, height, and WC reported by their physicians across Poland. Prevalence of diabetes was plotted against body mass, BMI, WC, and calculated BF and adjusted by the self-reported level of physical activity. Results: In our cohort, younger women (<60 years) with BMI < 25.0 kg/m2 had lower adjusted prevalence of diabetes than corresponding men (3.4% vs. 6.5%), while among older (≥60 years) with BMI < 25.0 kg/m2, the prevalence of diabetes was greater in women than in men (19.4% vs. 11.2%). A 25% probability of diabetes was observed for younger women with lower BMI than younger men (32.1 kg/m2 and 35.3 kg/m2, respectively) and WC (100.7 cm and 116.1 cm, respectively) but greater BF (45.5% and 38.9%, respectively). The corresponding differences in BMI and WC in older ones were much smaller (27.6 kg/m2 and 27.2 kg/m2, respectively; 83.7 cm and 85.6 cm, respectively), but not for BF (40.7% and 30.1%, respectively). A doubling of diabetes probability (from 25% to 50%), adjusted by physical activity, was attributable to the lower increase in BMI and WC and BF in women than in men (6.3 vs. 9.8 kg/m2, 25.0 vs. 36.1 cm, and 6.5 vs. 10.8%, for younger, and 8.1 vs. 11.3 kg/m2, 26.2 vs. 73.2 cm and 8.8 vs. 13.3%, for older). Conclusions: This study shows a lower probability of diabetes in younger women than younger men with normal weight BMI ranges, adjusted to physical activity. This probability is greater for hypertensive women, regardless of age, due to the increase in BMI/WC and BF values adjusted for physical activity. © 2022 by the authors.
Protective Effect of Resveratrol on Knee Osteoarthritis and its Molecular Mechanisms: A Recent Review in Preclinical and Clinical Trials; Osteoarthritis (OA) is one of the progressing chronic joint associated with by many complex factors such as age, obesity, and trauma. Knee osteoarthritis (KOA) is the most common type of OA. KOA is characterized by articular cartilage destruction and degeneration, synovial inflammation, and abnormal subchondral bone changes. To date, no practical clinical approach has been able to modify the pathological progression of KOA. Drug therapy is limited to pain control and may lead to serious side effects when taken for a long time. Therefore, searching for safer and more reliable treatments has become necessary. Interestingly, more and more research has focused on natural products, and monomeric compounds derived from natural products have received much attention as drug candidates for KOA treatment. Resveratrol (RES), a natural phenolic compound, has various pharmacological and biological activities, including anti-cancer, anti-apoptotic, and anti-decay. Recently, studies on the effects of RES on maintaining the normal homeostasis of chondrocytes in KOA have received increasing attention, which seems to be attributed to the multi-targeted effects of RES on chondrocyte function. This review summarizes preclinical trials, clinical trials, and emerging tissue engineering studies of RES for KOA and discusses the specific mechanisms by which RES alleviates KOA. A better understanding of the pharmacological role of RES in KOA could provide clinical implications for intervention in the development of KOA. Copyright © 2022 Yang, Sun and Zhang.
Beneficial effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on some cardiovascular risk factors among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A grade-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Previous studies suggested that probiotics/synbiotics administration exerts some beneficial effects on cardiometabolic risk factors. However, the results from trials have been inconsistent. This study aimed to identify the impact of probiotic and synbiotic supplements on cardiovascular health factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and prediabetes We searched PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Scopus up to February 2022 to identify eligible RCTs. Estimating 95 % confidence (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumferences (WC), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), the random-effects model was used. In the current meta-analysis, 54 RCTs were included. With the probiotic/synbiotics intervention, several parameters changed significantly, including weight (WMD: –0.38, 95 % CI: –0.63 to –0.12 Kg), TG (WMD: −19.08, 95 % CI: –27.65 to −10.51 mg/dl), TC (WMD: –10.46, 95 % CI: –15.19 to −5.72 mg/dl), LDL-C (WMD: –4.87, 95 % CI: –7.65 to −2.09 mg/dl), HDL-C (WMD: –2.70, 95 % CI: 1.33–4.07 mg/dl), SBP (WMD: –3.81, 95 % CI: –6.24 to −1.38 mmHg), and DBP (WMD: –2.01, 95 % CI: –3.12 to −0.91 mmHg). In the subgroup analysis, probiotics/synbiotics supplementation resulted in a greater change in lipid profile components in T2DM patients. Weight and BMI reduced only after synbiotic supplementation. We found that the administration of probiotics and synbiotics had beneficial effects on lipid profiles, anthropometric indices, and blood pressure in individuals with T2DM. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Recent Updates on Ayurveda based Phytoconstitutents for the Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a ubiquitous metabolic syndrome with increased rates of mortality from the past few decades. It is a biochemical disorder with a complex pathophysiology and has disturbed glucose homeostasis maintained by the insulin hormone. The current medications for diabetes mellitus have serious adverse effects after long treatments. Thus, Ayurveda based phytoconstitutents are a new and well-accepted path for the possible discovery of newer drugs for the better management of diabetes and associated complications. The plant phytoconstitutents are more affordable and clinically effective with less adverse effects than the modern allophatic medications. The literature has shown the efficacy and clinical safety of the traditional medicine system. These natural products act by inhibiting alpha amylase and alpha glucosidase enzymes, some act by regulating the insulin secretion and activation of PRARγ pathway for maintaining glucose concentration. These natural treatments were found to be remarkably potent and safe as no adverse effects have been clinically outlined during medical therapy. This review briefly describes the various secondary plant metabolites, their structures and proposed mechanism of action for treating diabetes mellitus and associated complications. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Recent insights into vitamin D, adipocyte, and adipose tissue biology; Several studies bring strong evidence for an active role of vitamin D and its metabolites in physiological adipocyte and adipose tissue processes in adulthood. This role includes effects of vitamin D on key adipose tissue and adipocyte biology parameters, including adipogenesis, energy metabolism, and inflammation. Interestingly, recent data also point to a role of maternal vitamin D deficiency in adipocyte and adipose tissue metabolic programming in offspring. This review summarizes the current state of knowledge on the biological effect of vitamin D on adipocyte/adipose tissue physiology. © 2022 World Obesity Federation.
Programmed Cell Death in Diabetic Nephropathy: A Review of Apoptosis, Autophagy, and Necroptosis; Diabetic nephropathy is a common complication of type I and type II diabetes, in which renal glomeruli are destroyed, resulting in renal damage, proteinuria, and hypertension. Apoptosis, autophagy, and necroptosis are 3 forms of programmed cell death that have been implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. Apoptosis of podocytes leads to glomerular injury and podocyte depletion, which are associated with proteinuria and glomerular structural damage in diabetic nephropathy. Additionally, epithelial cells in the proximal convoluted tubules also undergo apoptosis in diabetic nephropathy, leading to tubular atrophy, which causes tubular cell depletion and the subsequent formation of atubular glomeruli in association with the loss of renal function. On the other hand, insufficiency of autophagy has been correlated with the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. For instance, decreased autophagic activity has been shown in podocytes of the diabetic kidney, causing variations in podocyte function and subsequent disruption to the glomerular filtration barrier. Furthermore, attenuated autophagic activity has also been demonstrated in proximal tubular cells of the diabetic kidney, resulting in the buildup of impaired molecules and organelles, which are normally broken down by autophagy, leading to proteinuria. Moreover, necroptosis might have a key role in podocyte damage and subsequent decline in diabetic nephropathy. Thus, this article aims to review the mechanisms and effects of programmed cell death in diabetic nephropathy, including the roles of apoptosis, autophagy, and necroptosis. © 2022 International Scientific Information, Inc.. All rights reserved.
The structure, biosynthesis, and biological roles of fetuin-A: A review; Fetuin-A is a heterodimeric plasma glycoprotein containing an A-chain of 282 amino acids and a B-chain of 27 amino acid residues linked by a single inter-disulfide bond. It is predominantly expressed in embryonic cells and adult hepatocytes, and to a lesser extent in adipocytes and monocytes. Fetuin-A binds with a plethora of receptors and exhibits multifaceted physiological and pathological functions. It is involved in the regulation of calcium metabolism, osteogenesis, and the insulin signaling pathway. It also acts as an ectopic calcification inhibitor, protease inhibitor, inflammatory mediator, anti-inflammatory partner, atherogenic factor, and adipogenic factor, among other several moonlighting functions. Fetuin-A has also been demonstrated to play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of several disorders. This review mainly focuses on the structure, synthesis, and biological roles of fetuin-A. Information was gathered manually from various journals via electronic searches using PubMed, Google Scholar, HINARI, and Cochrane Library from inception to 2022. Studies written in English and cohort, case-control, cross-sectional, or experimental studies were considered in the review, otherwise excluded. Copyright © 2022 Chekol Abebe, Tilahun Muche, Behaile T/Mariam, Mengie Ayele, Mekonnen Agidew, Teshome Azezew, Abebe Zewde, Asmamaw Dejenie and Asmamaw Mengstie.
Associations of Fine Particulate Matter Constituents with Metabolic Syndrome and the Mediating Role of Apolipoprotein B: A Multicenter Study in Middle-Aged and Elderly Chinese Adults; Fine particulate matter (PM2.5) was reported to be associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS), but how PM2.5constituents affect MetS and the underlying mediators remains unclear. We aimed to investigate the associations of long-term exposure to 24 kinds of PM2.5constituents with MetS (defined by five indicators) in middle-aged and elderly adults and to further explore the potential mediating role of apolipoprotein B (ApoB). A multicenter study was conducted by recruiting subjects (n = 2045) in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region from the cohort of Sub-Clinical Outcomes of Polluted Air in China (SCOPA-China Cohort). Relationships among PM2.5constituents, serum ApoB levels, and MetS were estimated by multiple logistic/linear regression models. Mediation analysis quantified the role of ApoB in "PM2.5constituents-MetS" associations. Results indicated PM2.5was significantly related to elevated MetS prevalence. The MetS odds increased after exposure to sulfate (SO42-), calcium ion (Ca2+), magnesium ion (Mg2+), Si, Zn, Ca, Mn, Ba, Cu, As, Cr, Ni, or Se (odds ratios ranged from 1.103 to 3.025 per interquartile range increase in each constituent). PM2.5and some constituents (SO42-, Ca2+, Mg2+, Ca, and As) were positively related to serum ApoB levels. ApoB mediated 22.10% of the association between PM2.5and MetS. Besides, ApoB mediated 24.59%, 50.17%, 12.70%, and 9.63% of the associations of SO42-, Ca2+, Ca, and As with MetS, respectively. Our findings suggest that ApoB partially mediates relationships between PM2.5constituents and MetS risk in China. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
Mediating effect analysis of visceral adiposity index on free triiodothyronine to free thyroxine ratio and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in euthyroid population; Background: The association between free triiodothyronine/free thyroxine (FT3/FT4) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in euthyroid subjects is unclear. In addition, few studies have explored whether VAI mediates the association between FT3/FT4 ratio and NAFLD in the euthyroid population. We aimed to analyze the mediating effect of VAI on the FT3/FT4 ratio and NAFLD risk in the euthyroid population. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 7 946 annual health examinees from the Health Examination Center, Hebei General Hospital, from January to December 2020. The basic information and biochemical parameters, as well as calculated FT3/FT4 ratio and VAI were collected. NAFLD was diagnosed according to abdominal ultrasonography. The fibrosis score for NAFLD positive subjects (NFS) was calculated to reflect the extent of liver fibrosis. The risk of NAFLD was analyzed by quartiles of FT3/FT4 ratio (Q1-Q4 quartiles) and VAI (V1-V4 quartiles), respectively. Pearson correlation analysis was performed to investigate the correlation between FT3/FT4 ratio and VAI. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was applied to analyze the effect of FT3/FT4 ratio and VAI on NAFLD and NFS status. Bootstrap was conducted to explore whether VAI mediated the association between FT3/FT4 ratio and NAFLD. Results: Of the 7 946 participants, 2 810 (35.36%) had NAFLD and 5 136 (64.64%) did not. Pearson correlation analysis indicated that FT3/FT4 ratio was positively associated with VAI (P<0.05). Multivariate logistic regression analysis indicated that compared to the Q1 group, the risk of NAFLD significantly increased in Q3 group [OR=1.255, 95%CI (1.011, 1.559)] and Q4 group [OR=1.553, 95%CI (1.252, 1.926)](P<0.05). Compared to the V1 group, the risk of NAFLD notably increased in V2 group [OR=1.584, 95%CI (1.205, 2.083)], V3 group [OR=2.386, 95%CI (1.778, 3.202)] and V4 group [OR=4.104, 95%CI (2.835, 5.939)] (P<0.01). There was no relevance between FT3/FT4 ratio, VAI and NFS status. Mediating effect analysis showed that FT3/FT4 ratio significantly directly influenced NAFLD prevalence [β=3.7029, 95%CI (2.9583, 4.4474)], and VAI partly mediated the indirect effect of the FT3/FT4 ratio on NAFLD prevalence [β=2.7649, 95%CI (2.2347, 3.3466)], and the mediating effect accounted for 42.75% of the total effects. Conclusion: Both FT3/FT4 ratio and VAI were predictors of NAFLD, and VAI partly mediated the indirect effect of the FT3/FT4 ratio on NAFLD prevalence in the euthyroid population. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Ren, Meng, Li, Nie, Yu and Ma.
Genetics of murine type 2 diabetes and comorbidities; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a polygenic and multifactorial complex disease, defined as chronic metabolic disorder. It's a major global health concern with an estimated 463 million adults aged 20–79 years with diabetes and projected to increase up to 700 million by 2045. T2D was reported to be one of the four leading causes of non-communicable disease (NCD) deaths in 2012. Environmental factors play a part in the development of polygenic forms of diabetes. Polygenic forms of diabetes often run-in families. Fortunately, T2D, which accounts for 90–95% of the entire four types of diabetes including, Type 1 diabetes (T1D), T2D, monogenic diabetes syndromes (MGDS), and Gestational diabetes mellitus, can be prevented or delayed through nutrition and lifestyle changes as well as through pharmacologic interventions. Typical symptom of the T2D is high blood glucose levels and comprehensive insulin resistance of the body, producing an impaired glucose tolerance. Impaired glucose tolerance of T2D is accompanied by extensive health complications, including cardiovascular diseases (CVD) that vary in morbidity and mortality among populations. The pathogenesis of T2D varies between populations and/or ethnic groupings and is known to be attributed extremely by genetic components and environmental factors. It is evident that genetic background plays a critical role in determining the host response toward certain environmental conditions, whether or not of developing T2D (susceptibility versus resistant). T2D is considered as a silent disease that can progress for years before its diagnosis. Once T2D is diagnosed, many metabolic malfunctions are observed whether as side effects or as independent comorbidity. Mouse models have been proven to be a powerful tool for mapping genetic factors that underline the susceptibility to T2D development as well its comorbidities. Here, we have conducted a comprehensive search throughout the published data covering the time span from early 1990s till the time of writing this review, for already reported quantitative trait locus (QTL) associated with murine T2D and comorbidities in different mouse models, which contain different genetic backgrounds. Our search has resulted in finding 54 QTLs associated with T2D in addition to 72 QTLs associated with comorbidities associated with the disease. We summarized the genomic locations of these mapped QTLs in graphical formats, so as to show the overlapping positions between of these mapped QTLs, which may suggest that some of these QTLs could be underlined by sharing gene/s. Finally, we reviewed and addressed published reports that show the success of translation of the identified mouse QTLs/genes associated with the disease in humans. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Hepatic Transcriptomics and Bioinformatics Analysis Reveals that Oleuropein Alleviates Diabetes in db/db Mice; Transcriptomic and bioinformatic analyses were performed to investigate the differentially expressed genes and signaling pathways in the liver related to the role of oleuropein in alleviating type 2 diabetes in db/db mice. The results showed that compared with the db/db control group, 539 genes in the oleuropein treatment group had significant changes, of which 450 genes were significantly up-regulated and 89 genes were down-regulated. The up-regulated and down-regulated differentially expressed genes were annotated in the Gene Ontology database, revealing that they were mainly distributed in cellular processes, cell parts, and binding terms. The results of Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG)pathway enrichment analysis showed that the up-regulated differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in the phosphoinositide 3-kinase-protein kinase-B signaling pathway, which involved a total of 27 differentially expressed genes;the down-regulated differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in arachidonic acid metabolism and ribosomal biogenesis signaling pathways in eukaryotes, which involved four differentially expressed genes, separately. This study lays the foundation for further elucidating the molecular mechanism by which oleuropein alleviates type 2 diabetes. © 2022, China Food Publishing Company. All right reserved.
A polysaccharide from Inonotus obliquus ameliorates intestinal barrier dysfunction in mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a global disease that endangers human health, and the need for the development of nontoxic treatment candidates is urgent. In the present work, one homogeneous polysaccharide from Inonotus obliquus (IN) was isolated, and the protective effect and mechanism of IN on type 2 diabetes mellitus were investigated from the aspects of the intestinal barrier. IN mainly consisted of 9 monosaccharides with a Mw of 373 kDa. IN attenuated body weight loss, alleviated pathological damage, and suppressed the production of proinflammatory cytokines. Additionally, IN repaired the intestinal barrier by upregulating the expression of Ki-67, ZO-1 and MUC2. Furthermore, the abundance of Firmicutes was significantly increased with IN treatment, while the levels of Bacteroidetes were significantly inhibited. In conclusion, IN protected against type 2 diabetes mellitus by ameliorating intestinal barrier dysfunction and might serve as a novel drug candidate for type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2022 The Authors
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation during Pregnancy on the Future Maternal Risk of Metabolic Syndrome; Probiotics are live microorganisms that induce health benefits in the host. Taking probiotics is generally safe and well tolerated by pregnant women and their children. Consumption of probiotics can result in both prophylactic and therapeutic effects. In healthy adult humans, the gut microbiome is stable at the level of the dominant taxa: Bacteroidetes, Firmicutes and Actinobacteria, and has a higher presence of Verrucomicrobia. During pregnancy, an increase in the number of Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria phyla and a decrease in the beneficial species Roseburia intestinalis and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii are observed. Pregnancy is a “window” to the mother’s future health. The aim of this paper is to review studies assessing the potentially beneficial effects of probiotics in preventing the development of diseases that appear during pregnancy, which are currently considered as risk factors for the development of metabolic syndrome, and consequently, reducing the risk of developing maternal metabolic syndrome in the future. The use of probiotics in gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and excessive gestational weight gain is reviewed. Probiotics are a relatively new intervention that can prevent the development of these disorders during pregnancy, and thus, would reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome resulting from these disorders in the mother’s future. © 2022 by the authors.
Lipid metabolic disorders and physiological stress caused by a high-fat diet have lipid source-dependent effects in juvenile black seabream Acanthopagrus schlegelii; This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of different dietary lipid sources on growth performance, lipid metabolism, and physiological stress responses including oxidative stress (OS) and endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) of juvenile Acanthopagrus schlegelii (initial weight 0.88 ± 0.01 g) fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Four isonitrogenous and isolipidic experimental diets containing different lipid sources were formulated: fish oil (FO), palm oil (PO), linseed oil (LO), and soybean oil (SO), respectively. Results indicated that fish fed HFD supplemented with FO significantly improved growth than SO treatment. The high concentrations of aspartate aminotransferase and alanine transaminase were found in HFD supplemented with SO. Fish fed dietary LO supplementation showed significantly lower serum cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein contents than those in SO group. Likewise, hepatic paraffin section analysis indicated that HFD with PO or SO supplementation increased fat drop. The expression levels of peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor alpha (pparα) and silent regulator 1 (sirt1) were significantly elevated by HFD with FO or LO supplementation. Additionally, the key marker of OS malonaldehyde was significantly increased in FO and SO groups. ERS-related genes were activated in dietary PO or SO supplementation and, hence, triggering inflammation and apoptosis by promoting the expression levels of nuclear factor kappa B (nf-κb) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (jnk). Overall, the present study reveals that lipid metabolic disorders and physiological stress caused by a HFD have significant lipid source-dependent effects, which have important guiding significance for the use of HFD in marine fish. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Effects of Oral Glucose-Lowering Agents on Gut Microbiota and Microbial Metabolites; The current research and existing facts indicate that type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is characterized by gut microbiota dysbiosis and disturbed microbial metabolites. Oral glucose-lowering drugs are reported with pleiotropic beneficial effects, including not only a decrease in glucose level but also weight loss, antihypertension, anti-inflammation, and cardiovascular protection, but the underlying mechanisms are still not clear. Evidence can be found showing that oral glucose-lowering drugs might modify the gut microbiome and thereby alter gastrointestinal metabolites to improve host health. Although the connections among gut microbial communities, microbial metabolites, and T2DM are complex, figuring out how antidiabetic agents shape the gut microbiome is vital for optimizing the treatment, meaningful for the instruction for probiotic therapy and gut microbiota transplantation in T2DM. In this review, we focused on the literatures in gut microbiota and its metabolite profile alterations beneficial from oral antidiabetic drugs, trying to provide implications for future study in the developing field of these drugs, such as combination therapies, pre- and probiotics intervention in T2DM, and subjects with pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Liu, Zhou, Zhang, Li and Xiao.
Naringenin as a potential inhibitor of human cyclin-dependent kinase 6: Molecular and structural insights into anti-cancer therapeutics; Cancer is one of the major causes of global deaths and needs immediate therapeutic development. So far, several strategies have been undertaken to prevent cancer, including kinase targeting by small-molecule inhibitors. Cyclin dependent kinase 6 (CDK6) plays an essential role in cancer progression and development as its overexpression is associated with tumor development and progression. The present study demonstrated that Naringenin (NAG) binds strongly to CDK6 with a binding affinity of −7.51 kcal/mol. ATPase assay of CDK6 in the presence of NAG shows that it inhibits CDK6 with an IC50 = 3.13 μM. Fluorescence and isothermal titration calorimetry studies demonstrated that NAG binds to CDK6 with the binding constant (K) values of 3.55 × 106 M−1 and 7.06 ± 2.70 × 106 M−1, respectively. The cell-based functional studies showed that NAG decreases the cell viability of human cancer cell lines, induces apoptosis, and reduces their colonization ability. Outcomes of the present in silico and in vitro studies highlighted the significance of NAG for the development of anti-cancer leads in terms of CDK6 inhibitors and provided future implications for combinatorial anti-cancer therapies. © 2022
Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Activation in Precision-Cut Bovine Liver Slices Reveals Novel Putative PPAR Targets in Periparturient Dairy Cows; Metabolic challenges experienced by dairy cows during the transition between pregnancy and lactation (also known as peripartum), are of considerable interest from a nutrigenomic perspective. The mobilization of large amounts of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) leads to an increase in NEFA uptake in the liver, the excess of which can cause hepatic accumulation of lipids and ultimately fatty liver. Interestingly, peripartum NEFA activate the Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptor (PPAR), a transcriptional regulator with known nutrigenomic properties. The study of PPAR activation in the liver of periparturient dairy cows is thus crucial; however, current in vitro models of the bovine liver are inadequate, and the isolation of primary hepatocytes is time consuming, resource intensive, and prone to errors, with the resulting cells losing characteristic phenotypical traits within hours. The objective of the current study was to evaluate the use of precision-cut liver slices (PCLS) from liver biopsies as a model for PPAR activation in periparturient dairy cows. Three primiparous Jersey cows were enrolled in the experiment, and PCLS from each were prepared prepartum (−8.0 ± 3.6 DIM) and postpartum (+7.7± 1.2 DIM) and treated independently with a variety of PPAR agonists and antagonists: the PPARα agonist WY-14643 and antagonist GW-6471; the PPARδ agonist GW-50156 and antagonist GSK-3787; and the PPARγ agonist rosiglitazone and antagonist GW-9662. Gene expression was assayed through RT-qPCR and RNAseq, and intracellular triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration was measured. PCLS obtained from postpartum cows and treated with a PPARγ agonist displayed upregulation of ACADVL and LIPC while those treated with PPARδ agonist had increased expression of LIPC, PPARD, and PDK4. In PCLS from prepartum cows, transcription of LIPC was increased by all PPAR agonists and NEFA. TAG concentration tended to be larger in tissue slices treated with PPARδ agonist compared to CTR. Use of PPAR isotype-specific antagonists in PCLS cultivated in autologous blood serum failed to decrease expression of PPAR targets, except for PDK4, which was confirmed to be a PPARδ target. Transcriptome sequencing revealed considerable differences in response to PPAR agonists at a false discovery rate-adjusted p-value of 0.2, with the most notable effects exerted by the PPARδ and PPARγ agonists. Differentially expressed genes were mainly related to pathways involved with lipid metabolism and the immune response. Among differentially expressed genes, a subset of 91 genes were identified as novel putative PPAR targets in the bovine liver, by cross-referencing our results with a publicly available dataset of predicted PPAR target genes, and supplementing our findings with prior literature. Our results provide important insights on the use of PCLS as a model for assaying PPAR activation in the periparturient dairy cow. Copyright © 2022 Busato, Ford, Abdelatty, Estill and Bionaz.
Minimal and Maximal Models to Quantitate Glucose Metabolism: Tools to Measure, to Simulate and to Run in Silico Clinical Trials; Several models have been proposed to describe the glucose system at whole-body, organ/tissue and cellular level, designed to measure non-accessible parameters (minimal models), to simulate system behavior and run in silico clinical trials (maximal models). Here, we will review the authors’ work, by putting it into a concise historical background. We will discuss first the parametric portrait provided by the oral minimal models—building on the classical intravenous glucose tolerance test minimal models—to measure otherwise non-accessible key parameters like insulin sensitivity and beta-cell responsivity from a physiological oral test, the mixed meal or the oral glucose tolerance tests, and what can be gained by adding a tracer to the oral glucose dose. These models were used in various pathophysiological studies, which we will briefly review. A deeper understanding of insulin sensitivity can be gained by measuring insulin action in the skeletal muscle. This requires the use of isotopic tracers: both the classical multiple-tracer dilution and the positron emission tomography techniques are discussed, which quantitate the effect of insulin on the individual steps of glucose metabolism, that is, bidirectional transport plasma-interstitium, and phosphorylation. Finally, we will present a cellular model of insulin secretion that, using a multiscale modeling approach, highlights the relations between minimal model indices and subcellular secretory events. In terms of maximal models, we will move from a parametric to a flux portrait of the system by discussing the triple tracer meal protocol implemented with the tracer-to-tracee clamp technique. This allows to arrive at quasi-model independent measurement of glucose rate of appearance (Ra), endogenous glucose production (EGP), and glucose rate of disappearance (Rd). Both the fast absorbing simple carbs and the slow absorbing complex carbs are discussed. This rich data base has allowed us to build the UVA/Padova Type 1 diabetes and the Padova Type 2 diabetes large scale simulators. In particular, the UVA/Padova Type 1 simulator proved to be a very useful tool to safely and effectively test in silico closed-loop control algorithms for an artificial pancreas (AP). This was the first and unique simulator of the glucose system accepted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as a substitute to animal trials for in silico testing AP algorithms. Recent uses of the simulator have looked at glucose sensors for non-adjunctive use and new insulin molecules. © 2021 Diabetes Technology Society.
The effect of magnesium alone or its combination with other supplements on the markers of inflammation, OS and metabolism in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS): A systematic review; The objective of this systematic review is to synthesize the available evidence on the effectiveness of magnesium supplements on the markers of inflammation, oxidative stress (OS), and metabolism in PCOS patients and to provide a basis for its clinical treatment. Electronic databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library databases, Embase, Web of science, CMB, CNKI, VIP, Wan Fang and ClinicalTrials.gov) were searched from their inception until January 2022. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for PCOS undergoing therapy with magnesium supplementation alone or in combination with other agents. The primary outcomes were the markers of blood glucose and OS.363 patients from nine RCTs were included in the current systematic review. Four of the nine studies reported the effects of magnesium supplementation alone on OS or metabolic markers in women with PCOS. Whilemagnesium supplementation alone did not show any significant improvement in the markers of inflammation, OS or metabolism in PCOS, seven of the nine articles reported the effect of magnesium co-supplementation on OS or metabolic markers in PCOS patients. Magnesium combined with vitamin E or zinc-calcium-vitamin D significantly improved glucose and lipid metabolism in PCOS patients. Magnesium intake alone did not lead to a significant improvement in the markers of OS, blood glucose, or serum lipids in PCOS. However, magnesium combined with other supplements (vitamin E, zinc, zinc-calcium-vitamin D) significantly improved serum hs-CRP, insulin, HOMA-IR, TG, TC levels, and the improvement in OS markers was inconclusive. The effect of magnesium and melatonin supplementation on the markers of metabolism needs to be further verified. System Review Registration: PROSPERO https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/#myprospero, CRD42022303410. Copyright © 2022 Li, Li, Huang, Hu, Ma and Yang.
The association between age at first pregnancy and number of deliveries with metabolic syndrome and its components: Results from Persian Guilan Cohort Study (PGCS); Introduction: Metabolic syndrome is associated with many factors related to fertility. Identifying the link between metabolic syndrome and reproductive conditions can help us identify high-risk groups for the disease. The present study was performed aimed to investigate the relationship between the age of first pregnancy and number of deliveries with metabolic syndrome and its components. Methods: This cross-sectional analytical study at the first stage of the Guilan cohort study with 10520 individuals and a part of the PERSIAN adult cohort study with 5243 women who had experienced at least one pregnancy. Patients' demographic information as well as information about reproductive conditions such as first gestational age and number of pregnancies and indicators related to metabolic syndrome were collected. Data were analyzed by SPSS statistical software (version 21) and Chi-square test, t-test and adjusted odds ratio. P< 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome in the study population was 55.5% (n=2909). After adjusting other factors such as age, socioeconomic status and place of residence, the chance of developing metabolic syndrome in those who experienced their first pregnancy between the ages of 20-25 were 54% higher than those under the age of 20 (P = 0.029). After adjusting to other factors, those who had 3, 4 and more than 5 deliveries were 1.43, 1.80, and 2.55 times more likely to develop metabolic syndrome, respectively, than those who had one delivery (P<0.001). Conclusion: Older age, number of births more than three, and associated chronic diseases increase the chance of developing metabolic syndrome. Considering that metabolic syndrome is associated with a wide range of non-communicable diseases, preventive measures are recommended in these individuals. © 2022, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Circular RNAs in diabetes mellitus and its complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is an endocrine disorder characterized by a relative or absolute lack of insulin due to the dysfunction or destruction of β-cells. DM is one of the fastest growing challenges to global health in the 21st century and places a tremendous burden on affected individuals and their families and countries. Although insulin and antidiabetic drugs have been used to treat DM, a radical cure for the disease is unavailable. The pathogenesis of DM remains unclear. Emerging roles of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in DM have become a subject of global research. CircRNAs have been verified to participate in the onset and progression of DM, implying their potential roles as novel biomarkers and treatment tools. In the present review, we briefly introduce the characteristics of circRNAs. Next, we focus on specific roles of circRNAs in type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes-associated complications. Copyright © 2022 Fan, Pang, Xie, Huang and Zhou.
Type 2 diabetes disrupts circadian orchestration of lipid metabolism and membrane fluidity in human pancreatic islets; ARUec:ePnlteeavsiedceonncfiermstuhgagtaelslhtseatdhiantgcleirvcealsdaiarenrecplorceskesnetendscuorreretcetmly:poral orchestration of lipid homeostasis and play a role in pathophysiology of metabolic diseases in humans, including type 2 diabetes (T2D). Nevertheless, circadian regulation of lipid metabolism in human pancreatic islets has not been explored. Employing lipidomic analyses, we conducted temporal profiling in human pancreatic islets derived from 10 nondiabetic (ND) and 6 T2D donors. Among 329 detected lipid species across 8 major lipid classes, 5% exhibited circadian rhythmicity in ND human islets synchronized in vitro. Two-time point-based lipidomic analyses in T2D human islets revealed global and temporal alterations in phospho- and sphingolipids. Key enzymes regulating turnover of sphingolipids were rhythmically expressed in ND islets and exhibited altered levels in ND islets bearing disrupted clocks and in T2D islets. Strikingly, cellular membrane fluidity, measured by a Nile Red derivative NR12S, was reduced in plasma membrane of T2D diabetic human islets, in ND donors' islets with disrupted circadian clockwork, or treated with sphingolipid pathway modulators. Moreover, inhibiting the glycosphingolipid biosynthesis led to strong reduction of insulin secretion triggered by glucose or KCl, whereas inhibiting earlier steps of de novo ceramide synthesis resulted in milder inhibitory effect on insulin secretion by ND islets. Our data suggest that circadian clocks operative in human pancreatic islets are required for temporal orchestration of lipid homeostasis, and that perturbation of temporal regulation of the islet lipid metabolism upon T2D leads to altered insulin secretion and membrane fluidity. These phenotypes were recapitulated in ND islets bearing disrupted clocks.  © 2022 Petrenko et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Analysis of serum fatty acid, amino acid, and organic acid profiles in gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus via targeted metabolomics; This study aimed to characterize metabolite differences and correlations between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using univariate, multivariate analyses, RF, and pathway analyses in a cross-sectional study. Dietary surveys were collected and targeted metabolomics was applied to measure levels of serum fatty acids, amino acids, and organic acids in 90 pregnant women at 24–28 weeks gestation at the First Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University. Principal components analysis (PCA) and partial least squares-discriminatory analysis (PLS-DA) models were established to distinguish HP, GDM, and healthy, pregnant control individuals. Univariate and multivariate statistical analyses and Random Forest (RF) were used to identify and map co-metabolites to corresponding pathways in the disease states. Finally, risk factors for the disease were assessed by receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis. Dietary survey results showed that HP and GDM patients consumed a high-energy diet and the latter also consumed a high-carbohydrate and high-fat diet. Univariate analysis of clinical indices revealed HP and GDM patients had glycolipid disorders, with the former possessing more severe organ dysfunction. Subsequently, co-areas with significant differences identified by basic discriminant analyses and RF revealed lower levels of pyroglutamic acid and higher levels of 2-hydroxybutyric acid and glutamic acid in the GDM group. The number of metabolites increased in the HP group as compared to the healthy pregnant control group, including pyroglutamic acid, γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA), glutamic acid, oleic acid (C18:1), and palmitic acid (C16:0). ROC curves indicated that area under curve (AUC) for pyroglutamic acid in the GDM group was 0.962 (95% CI, 0.920–1.000), and the AUC of joint indicators, including pyroglutamic acid and GABA, in the HP group was 0.972 (95% CI, 0.938–1.000). Collectively, these results show that both GDM and HP patients at mid-gestation possessed dysregulated glucose and lipid metabolism, which may trigger oxidative stress via glutathione metabolism and biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids. Copyright © 2022 Kong, Zhu, Dong, Li, Liu, Yan, Huang and Niu.
Environmental Pollutants and Oxidative Stress in Terrestrial and Aquatic Organisms: Examination of the Total Picture and Implications for Human Health; There is current great international concern about the contribution of environmental pollution to the global burden of disease particularly in the developing, low- and medium-income countries. Industrial activities, urbanization, developmental projects as well as various increased anthropogenic activities involving the improper generation, management and disposal of pollutants have rendered today’s environment highly polluted with various pollutants. These pollutants include toxic metals (lead, cadmium, mercury, arsenic), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides and diesel exhaust particles most of which appear to be ubiquitous as well as have long-term environmental persistence with a wide range of toxicities such as oxidative stress among others. Oxidative stress, which may arise from increased production of damaging free radicals emanating from increased pollutant burden and depressed bioavailability of antioxidant defenses causes altered biochemical and physiological mechanisms and has been implicated in all known human pathologies most of which are chronic. Oxidative stress also affects both flora and fauna and plants are very important components of the terrestrial environment and significant contributors of nutrients for both man and animals. It is also remarkable that the aquatic environment in which sea animals and creatures are resident is also highly polluted, leading to aquatic stress that may affect the survival of the aquatic animals, sharing in the oxidative stress. These altered terrestrial and aquatic environments have an overarching effect on human health. Antioxidants neutralize the damaging free radicals thus, they play important protective roles in the onset, progression and severity of the unmitigated generation of pollutants that ultimately manifest as oxidative stress. Consequently, human health as well as that of aquatic and terrestrial organisms may be protected from environmental pollution by mitigating oxidative stress and employing the principles of nutritional medicine, essentially based on antioxidants derived mainly from plants, which serve as the panacea of the vicious state of environmental pollutants consequently, the health of the population. Understanding the total picture of oxidative stress and integrating the terrestrial and aquatic effects of environmental pollutants are central to sustainable health of the population and appear to require multi-sectoral collaborations from diverse disciplinary perspectives; basically the environmental, agricultural and health sectors. Copyright © 2022 Anetor, Nwobi, Igharo, Sonuga and Anetor.
Associations between prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and physical growth in a seven year cohort study; Although evidence suggests that prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) alter offspring's physical growth, most studies rely upon physical growth at a single timepoint, and little is known regarding their longitudinal effects over time. In the current study, we determined the associations between prenatal PBDEs exposure and child physical growth by following up 207 mother-child pairs from the Laizhou Wan Birth Cohort (LWBC) from pregnancy until the children were seven years old. Child physical growth including weight, height, and body mass index (BMI) was assessed at birth, and at one, two and seven years of age. Prenatal exposure to PBDEs was quantified by measuring eight PBDE congeners (BDE-28, BDE-47, BDE-85, BDE-99, BDE-100, BDE-153, BDE-154, and BDE-183) in maternal serum samples collected upon hospital admission for delivery. Linear mixed models were applied to examine the associations between prenatal PBDEs exposure and repeated measures of child physical growth, and to determine whether these associations were modified by child's sex. Our findings indicated that BDE-28, BDE-85, BDE-153, BDE-183, and Σ7PBDEs were positively associated with child weight z-score; and that BDE-28, BDE-47, BDE-85, BDE-99, BDE-153, and Σ7PBDEs were positively associated with child height z-score. In addition, these associations were modified by the child's sex as reflected by pronounced positive associations among boys, while negative associations were noted among girls. In conclusion, our findings indicated the sex-specific associations between prenatal PBDE exposures and child physical growth during the first seven years of life. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Key regulatory miRNAs in lipid homeostasis: Implications for cardiometabolic diseases and development of novel therapeutics; Dysregulation of lipid metabolism is associated with cardiovascular/metabolic diseases, including atherosclerosis, liver diseases and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Several miRNAs have been reported as regulators of different stages of lipid homeostasis, including cholesterol/fatty acid biosynthesis, degradation, transport, storage, and low-density (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) formation. Indeed, various miRNAs are emerging as attractive therapeutic candidates for metabolic/cardiovascular disease (CVD). Here, we summarize the roles of miR-19b, miR-20a, miR-21, miR-27, miR-29, miR-34a, miR-144, miR-148a, and miR-199a in post-transcriptional regulation of genes involved in lipid homeostasis and their therapeutic potential. We also discuss experimental strategies for further development of these miRNAs as novel cardiometabolic therapeutics. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Probiotic Mechanisms Affecting Glucose Homeostasis: A Scoping Review; The maintenance of a healthy status depends on the coexistence between the host organism and the microbiota. Early studies have already focused on the nutritional properties of probiotics, which may also contribute to the structural changes in the gut microbiota, thereby affecting host metabolism and homeostasis. Maintaining homeostasis in the body is therefore crucial and is reflected at all levels, including that of glucose, a simple sugar molecule that is an essential fuel for normal cellular function. Despite numerous clinical studies that have shown the effect of various probiotics on glucose and its homeostasis, knowledge about the exact function of their mechanism is still scarce. The aim of our review was to select in vivo and in vitro studies in English published in the last eleven years dealing with the effects of probiotics on glucose metabolism and its homeostasis. In this context, diverse probiotic effects at different organ levels were highlighted, summarizing their potential mechanisms to influence glucose metabolism and its homeostasis. Variations in results due to different methodological approaches were discussed, as well as limitations, especially in in vivo studies. Further studies on the interactions between probiotics, host microorganisms and their immunity are needed. © 2022 by the authors.
Chemerin Forms: Their Generation and Activity; Chemerin is the product of the RARRES2 gene which is secreted as a precursor of 143 amino acids. That precursor is inactive, but proteases from the coagulation and fibrinolytic cascades, as well as from inflammatory reactions, process the C-terminus of chemerin to first activate it and then subsequently inactivate it. Chemerin can signal via two G protein-coupled receptors, chem1 and chem2, as well as be bound to a third non-signaling receptor, CCRL2. Chemerin is produced by the liver and secreted into the circulation as a precursor, but it is also expressed in some tissues where it can be activated locally. This review discusses the specific tissue expression of the components of the chemerin system, and the role of different proteases in regulating the activation and inactivation of chemerin. Methods of identifying and determining the levels of different chemerin forms in both mass and activity assays are reviewed. The levels of chemerin in circulation are correlated with certain disease conditions, such as patients with obesity or diabetes, leading to the possibility of using chemerin as a biomarker. © 2022 by the authors.
Host Response Modulation Therapy in the Diabetes Mellitus—Periodontitis Conjuncture: A Narrative Review; The inflammatory response of the host in periodontitis is the phenomenon that underlies the onset and evolution of periodontal destructive phenomena. A number of systemic factors, such as diabetes mellitus (DM), can negatively affect the patient with periodontitis, just as the periodontal disease can aggravate the status of the DM patient. Host response modulation therapy involves the use of anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant products aimed at resolving inflammation, stopping destructive processes, and promoting periodontal healing, all important aspects in patients with high tissue loss rates, such as diabetic patients. This paper reviews the data available in the literature on the relationship between DM and periodontitis, the main substances modulating the inflammatory response (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, sub-antimicrobial doses of doxycycline, or omega-3 fatty acids and their products, specialized pro-resolving mediators), as well as their application in diabetic patients. © 2022 by the authors.
Changes of Circulating Irisin and High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Levels in Morbidly Obese Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass; Background: Irisin has been recently reported to provide beneficial effects in obesity and diabetes. Elevation of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) reflects the inflammatory state that has been shown to play a key role in obesity and its comorbidities. Objective: Our study aimed to compare the changes of circulating irisin levels in an obese diabetic population who underwent laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (LRYGB) versus a control-matched population who underwent usual medical care plus diabetes support education (DSE) program. In addition, we aimed to explore the association between circulating irisin and hs-CRP levels after the interventions. Methods: In a prospective controlled trial, we studied 58 obese individuals with type 2 diabetes before and 12 months after intervention. Twenty-nine subjects underwent LRYGB and 29 subjects received DSE. Results: At 12-month follow-up, compared with the DSE group, patients who underwent LRYGB lost more weight (LRYGB; -33.4 ± 11.2, and DSE; 0.2 ± 4.9 kg; P < .001), fat mass (P < .001), and fat-free mass (P < .05). Circulating irisin (P < .05) and hs-CRP level (P < .05) were also significantly lower. Within the LRYGB group, the reduction of irisin level was positively associated with the changes of hs-CRP levels (r = 0.39, P < .05). Conclusions: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study showing that LRYGB significantly reduces circulating irisin levels compared with usual medical care and DSE, in an obese diabetic population. After LRYGB, the irisin reduction significantly correlates with the reduction of hs-CRP. The elevation of circulating irisin levels suggests irisin resistance in the obese state and its decrease after LRYGB might reflect the resolution of irisin resistance. Future investigations are needed to confirm and explore the mechanisms of irisin resistance in obesity, its resolution after LRYGB, and the pathophysiological significance.  Copyright © 2022, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Chili peppers (Capsicum spp.): the spice not only for cuisine purposes: an update on current knowledge; Various herbs, plants and spices have been used for many decades as natural valuable remedies for prevention and/or treatment of diverse diseases and health problems. Chili peppers (Capsicum spp.), one of the oldest domesticated and utilized crops, are bestowed with a wide range of natural bioactive phytochemicals making the plant a very valuable spice with the health beneficial aspects. Carotenoids (apocarotenoids), ascorbic acid (and other vitamins), phenolic compounds, capsaicinoids and capsinoids belong to the main bioactive substances of nutritional and secondary metabolite composition of Capsicum fruits. Due to their presence, chili peppers possess various health-promoting functional attributes (such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anticancer activities, pain relief properties, cardiovascular and gastrointestinal benefits, antidiabetic and anti-obesity effects, antimicrobial and antifungal activities) which are summarized and characterized in the current review. Taking into account not only the pungency, color and aroma but also the medicinal potential, the enormous quantities of various Capsicum fruits have been consumed worldwide, particularly in China. Attributing to the existence of several cultivars showing significant intra-specific, as well as inter-specific chemical variability, there is still a growing number of scientific researches screening the chemical composition and exploring potential phytopharmacy (including antioxidant and antimicrobial activities) of chili peppers. Such observations provide a helpful insight into the ability of the various Capsicum cultivars as natural agents in the prevention of diverse, mainly free radical- and microbial-related human diseases. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Association between Pre-Pregnancy Overweightness/Obesity and Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common metabolic problem in women of reproductive age. Evidence suggests pregnant women with PCOS may have a higher risk of the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes; however, the relationship between pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS remains uncertain. We try to clarify the relationship between pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. Therefore, we conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis. We used the databases obtained from the PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane databases, plus hand-searching, to examine the association between pre-pregnancy overweightness/obesity and pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS from inception to 4 February 2022. A total of 16 cohort studies, including 14 retrospective cohort studies (n = 10,496) and another two prospective cohort studies (n = 818), contributed to a total of 11,314 women for analysis. The meta-analysis showed significantly increased odds of miscarriage rate in PCOS women whose pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is above overweight (OR 1.71 [95% CI 1.38–2.11]) or obese (OR 2.00 [95% CI 1.38–2.90]) under a random effect model. The tests for subgroup difference indicated the increased risk was consistent, regardless which body mass index cut-off for overweight (24 or 25 kg/m2) or obesity (28 and 30 kg/m2) was used. With the same strategies, we found that pregnant women in the control group significantly increased live birth rate compared with those pregnant women with PCOS as well as pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity (OR 0.79 [95% CI 0.71–0.89], OR 0.78 [95% CI 0.67–0.91]). By contrast, we did not find any association between PCOS women with pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and preterm birth. Based on the aforementioned findings, the main critical factor contributing to a worse pregnancy outcome may be an early fetal loss in these PCOS women with pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity. Since PCOS women with pre-pregnancy overweightness/obesity were associated with worse pregnancy outcomes, we supposed that weight reduction before attempting pregnancy in the PCOS women with pre-pregnancy overweightness/obesity may improve the subsequent pregnancy outcomes. © 2022 by the authors.
Puerarin ameliorates nonalcoholic fatty liver in rats by regulating hepatic lipid accumulation, oxidative stress, and inflammation; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become one of the public health problems globally. The occurrence of NAFLD is usually accompanied by a series of chronic metabolic diseases, with a prevalence rate is 25.24% among adults worldwide. Therefore, NAFLD seriously affects the quality of life in patients and causes a large economic burden. It has been reported that puerarin has the function of lowering the serum lipids, but due to the complexity of NAFLD, the specific mechanism of action has not been clarified. The aim of this study was to evaluate the preventive or ameliorating effects of two doses of puerarin (0.11% and 0.22% in diet) on high-fat and high-fructose diet (HFFD)-induced NAFLD in rats. The rats were fed with HFFD-mixed puerarin for 20 weeks. The results showed that puerarin ameliorated the levels of lipids in the serum and liver. Further exploration of the mechanism found that puerarin ameliorated hepatic lipid accumulation in NAFLD rats by reducing the expression of Srebf1, Chrebp, Acaca, Scd1, Fasn, Acacb, Cd36, Fatp5, Degs1, Plin2, and Apob100 and upregulating the expression of Mttp, Cpt1a, and Pnpla2. At the same time, after administration of puerarin, the levels of antioxidant markers (superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase) were significantly increased in the serum and liver, and the contents of serum and hepatic inflammatory factors (interleukin-18, interleukins-1β, and tumor necrosis factor α) were clearly decreased. In addition, puerarin could ameliorate the liver function. Overall, puerarin ameliorated HFFD-induced NAFLD by modulating liver lipid accumulation, liver function, oxidative stress, and inflammation. Copyright © 2022 Zhou, Zhang, Aldhahrani, Soliman, Zhang and Zhou.
Impact of maternal dyslipidemia on infant neurodevelopment: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background: Various genetic and environmental influences have been studied for developmental disorders; however, the precise cause remains unknown. This study assessed the impact of maternal serum total cholesterol (TC) level in early pregnancy on early childhood neurodevelopment. Methods: The fixed data of 31,797 singleton births from a large national birth cohort study that commenced in 2011 were used to identify developmental disorders as estimated by Ages and Stages Questionnaire, third edition (ASQ-3) scores of less than −2 standard deviations at 12 months of age. Multiple logistic regression analysis was employed to search for correlations between possibility of developmental disorders and maternal TC levels in early pregnancy classified into 4 groups based on quartile (Q1–Q4) values. Results: After controlling for potential confounding factors in 27,836 participants who ultimately underwent multivariate analysis, we observed that elevated TC levels were significantly associated with a higher risk of screen positive status for communication (Q4: adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05–1.37) and gross motor (aOR 1.13, 95% CI 1.03–1.25) ASQ-3 domain scores. Conclusion: This large nationwide survey revealed a possible deleterious effect of hypercholesterolemia in early pregnancy on infant neurodevelopment and age-appropriate skill acquisition at 12 months age. © 2022 The Japanese Society of Child Neurology
Potential Gut Microbiota Features for Non-Invasive Detection of Schistosomiasis; The gut microbiota has been identified as a predictive biomarker for various diseases. However, few studies focused on the diagnostic accuracy of gut microbiota derived-signature for predicting hepatic injuries in schistosomiasis. Here, we characterized the gut microbiomes from 94 human and mouse stool samples using 16S rRNA gene sequencing. The diversity and composition of gut microbiomes in Schistosoma japonicum infection-induced disease changed significantly. Gut microbes, such as Bacteroides, Blautia, Enterococcus, Alloprevotella, Parabacteroides and Mucispirillum, showed a significant correlation with the level of hepatic granuloma, fibrosis, hydroxyproline, ALT or AST in S. japonicum infection-induced disease. We identified a range of gut bacterial features to distinguish schistosomiasis from hepatic injuries using the random forest classifier model, LEfSe and STAMP analysis. Significant features Bacteroides, Blautia, and Enterococcus and their combinations have a robust predictive accuracy (AUC: from 0.8182 to 0.9639) for detecting liver injuries induced by S. japonicum infection in humans and mice. Our study revealed associations between gut microbiota features and physiopathology and serological shifts of schistosomiasis and provided preliminary evidence for novel gut microbiota-derived features for the non-invasive detection of schistosomiasis. Copyright © 2022 Lin, Song, Liu, Chen, Zhang, Wu, Sun and Wu.
Application of Metabonomics in Screening Biomarkers of Ketosis in Dairy Cows; As one of the most common nutritional and metabolic diseases in perinatal dairy cows, ketosis seriously damages the health, performance and reproductive performance of dairy cows. Some problems about its etiology have not been solved yet. Metabolomics is an important part of system biology, which can not only conduct qualitative and quantitative analysis of the small molecular weight metabolites of a certain organism or cell in a specific physiological period, but also provide a certain theoretical basis and technical platform for the study of nutritional and metabolic diseases in animals. This review summarized the application of metabolomics in marker screening of ketosis in dairy cows. © 2022 The authors.
Potential Molecular Targets of Oleanolic Acid in Insulin Resistance and Underlying Oxidative Stress: A Systematic Review; Oleanolic acid (OA) is a natural triterpene widely found in olive leaves that possesses antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and insulin-sensitizing properties, among others. These OA characteristics could be of special interest in the treatment and prevention of insulin resistance (IR), but greater in-depth knowledge on the pathways involved in these properties is still needed. We aimed to systematically review the effects of OA on the molecular mechanisms and signaling pathways involved in the development of IR and underlying oxidative stress in insulin-resistant animal models or cell lines. The bibliographic search was carried out on PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane, and CINHAL databases between January 2001 and May 2022. The electronic search produced 5034 articles but, after applying the inclusion criteria, 13 animal studies and 3 cell experiments were identified, using SYRCLE’s Risk of Bias for assessing the risk of bias of the animal studies. OA was found to enhance insulin sensitivity and glucose uptake, and was found to suppress the hepatic glucose production, probably by modulating the IRS/PI3K/Akt/FoxO1 signaling pathway and by mitigating oxidative stress through regulating MAPK pathways. Future randomized controlled clinical trials to assess the potential benefit of OA as new therapeutic and preventive strategies for IR are warranted. © 2022 by the authors.
Adipokines, Hepatokines and Myokines: Focus on Their Role and Molecular Mechanisms in Adipose Tissue Inflammation; Chronic low-grade inflammation in adipose tissue (AT) is a hallmark of obesity and contributes to various metabolic disorders, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Inflammation in ATs is characterized by macrophage infiltration and the activation of inflammatory pathways mediated by NF-κB, JNK, and NLRP3 inflammasomes. Adipokines, hepatokines and myokines — proteins secreted from AT, the liver and skeletal muscle play regulatory roles in AT inflammation via endocrine, paracrine, and autocrine pathways. For example, obesity is associated with elevated levels of pro-inflammatory adipokines (e.g., leptin, resistin, chemerin, progranulin, RBP4, WISP1, FABP4, PAI-1, Follistatin-like1, MCP-1, SPARC, SPARCL1, and SAA) and reduced levels of anti-inflammatory adipokines such as adiponectin, omentin, ZAG, SFRP5, CTRP3, vaspin, and IL-10. Moreover, some hepatokines (Fetuin A, DPP4, FGF21, GDF15, and MANF) and myokines (irisin, IL-6, and DEL-1) also play pro- or anti-inflammatory roles in AT inflammation. This review aims to provide an updated understanding of these organokines and their role in AT inflammation and related metabolic abnormalities. It serves to highlight the molecular mechanisms underlying the effects of these organokines and their clinical significance. Insights into the roles and mechanisms of these organokines could provide novel and potential therapeutic targets for obesity-induced inflammation. Copyright © 2022 Ren, Zhao, Yin, Lan, Wu, Du, Griffiths and Gao.
Cardiovascular consequences of human exposure to phthalates; In the last few years, there has been a growing concern about plastic and plastics consumption, and the constant human and environmental exposure to these materials has raised an alarm. As part of the composition of plastic, phthalates have caused a lot of controversy, with several studies implicating these compounds as harmful to human health. Studies have shown the presence of phthalates in 75-90% of the general population, which can be due to their ubiquity in the environment and to not being covalently attached to plastic, being easily released into the environment. These compounds, that are diesters of phthalic acid, are the most common plasticizers used in a variety of products, from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) to personal care products and even medical and pharmaceutical materials. Due to their endocrine-disrupting properties, phthalates have been associated with several diseases including cancer, diabetes, male reproduction and cardiovascular diseases. There are still few studies on the subject, but evidence shows the negative impact of phthalates on the cardiovascular system. From epidemiological and experimental studies, it has already been described the involvement of phthalates in the development heart failure, arrhythmias, stroke, atherosclerosis, hypertension and diabetes. Nevertheless the mechanisms by which phthalates induce these harmful effects are still unclear. In this chapter, we aim to elucidate and relate all the cardiovascular effects of phthalates described so far, and to suggest the following research approaches. © 2022 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulation of gut microbiota and fecal metabolites by corn silk among high-fat diet-induced hypercholesterolemia mice; Corn silk (CS) is known to reduce cholesterol levels, but its underlying mechanisms remain elusive concerning the gut microbiota and metabolites. The aim of our work was to explore how altered gut microbiota composition and metabolite profile are influenced by CS intervention in mice using integrated 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequencing and an untargeted metabolomics methodology. The C57BL/6J mice were fed a normal control diet, a high-fat diet (HFD), and HFD supplemented with the aqueous extract of CS (80 mg/mL) for 8 weeks. HFD-induced chronic inflammation damage is alleviated by CS extract intervention and also resulted in a reduction in body weight, daily energy intake as well as serum and hepatic total cholesterol (TC) levels. In addition, CS extract altered gut microbial composition and regulated specific genera viz. Allobaculum, Turicibacter, Romboutsia, Streptococcus, Sporobacter, Christensenella, ClostridiumXVIII, and Rikenella. Using Spearman’s correlation analysis, we determined that Turicibacter and Rikenella were negatively correlated with hypercholesterolemia-related parameters. Fecal metabolomics analysis revealed that CS extract influences multiple metabolic pathways like histidine metabolism-related metabolites (urocanic acid, methylimidazole acetaldehyde, and methiodimethylimidazoleacetic acid), sphingolipid metabolism-related metabolites (sphinganine, 3-dehydrosphinganine, sphingosine), and some bile acids biosynthesis-related metabolites including chenodeoxycholic acid (CDCA), lithocholic acid (LCA), ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA), and glycoursodeoxycholic acid (GUDCA). As a whole, the present study indicates that the modifications in the gut microbiota and subsequent host bile acid metabolism may be a potential mechanism for the antihypercholesterolemic effects of CS extract. Copyright © 2022 Ding, Ren, Song, Zang, Liu, Guo, Yang, Guan and Liu.
Application of metabolomics in the diagnosis of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the treatment of traditional Chinese medicine; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease around the world, and it often coexists with insulin resistance-related diseases including obesity, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension, which seriously threatens human health. Better prevention and treatment strategies are required to improve the impact of NAFLD. Although needle biopsy is an effective tool for diagnosing NAFLD, this method is invasive and difficult to perform. Therefore, it is very important to develop more efficient approaches for the early diagnosis of NAFLD. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) can play a certain role in improving symptoms and protecting target organs, and its mechanism of action needs to be further studied. Metabolomics, the study of all metabolites that is thought to be most closely associated with the patients’ characters, can provide useful clinically biomarkers that can be applied to NAFLD and may open up new methods for diagnosis. Metabolomics technology is consistent with the overall concept of TCM, and it can also be used as a potential mechanism to explain the effects of TCM by measuring biomarkers by metabolomics. Based on PubMed/MEDLINE and other databases, this paper retrieved relevant literature NAFLD and TCM intervention in NAFLD using metabolomics technology in the past 5 years were searched, and the specific metabolites associated with the development of NAFLD and the potential mechanism of Chinese medicine on improving symptoms were summarized. Copyright © 2022 Shao, Lu, Xiang, Wang, Ji and Wu.
Astragalus mongholicus powder, a traditional Chinese medicine formula ameliorate type 2 diabetes by regulating adipoinsular axis in diabetic mice; The global morbidity of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has dramatically increased. Insulin resistance is the most important pathogenesis and therapeutic target of T2DM. The traditional Chinese medicine formula Astragalus mongholicus powder (APF), consists of Astragalus mongholicus Bunge [Fabaceae], Pueraria montana (Lour.) Merr. [Fabaceae], and Morus alba L. [Moraceae] has a long history to be used to treat diabetes in ancient China. This work aims to investigate the effects of APF on diabetic mice and its underlying mechanism. Diabetic mice were induced by High-fat-diet (HFD) and streptozotocin (STZ). The body weight of mice and their plasma levels of glucose, insulin, leptin and lipids were examined. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction, histology, and Western blot analysis were performed to validate the effects of APF on diabetic mice and investigate the underlying mechanism. APF reduced hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and hyerleptinemia and attenuate the progression of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, these effects disappeared in leptin deficient ob/ob diabetic mice and STZ-induced insulin deficient type 1 diabetic mice. Destruction of either these hormones would abolish the therapeutic effects of APF. In addition, APF inhibited the protein expression of PTP1B suppressing insulin–leptin sensitivity, the gluconeogenic gene PEPCK, and the adipogenic gene FAS. Therefore, insulin–leptin sensitivity was normalized, and the gluconeogenic and adipogenic genes were suppressed. In conclusion, APF attenuated obesity, NAFLD, and T2DM by regulating the balance of adipoinsular axis in STZ + HFD induced T2DM mice. Copyright © 2022 Xu, Ye, Li, Dou, Yu, Feng, Wang, Wan and Rong.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through the female lifespan: the role of sex hormones; The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) differs between various stages of the female lifespan. The aim of this review is to summarize current evidence on the association of NAFLD and circulating sex hormones and to explore the pathogenesis of NAFLD within the context of (1) sex hormone changes during the reproductive, post-reproductive female life and beyond and (2) the in vitro and in vivo evidence on pharmacological modulation in women on menopausal hormone treatment (MHT) or endocrine therapy after breast cancer. The fluctuation in estrogen concentrations, the relative androgen excess, and the age-related reduction in sex hormone-binding globulin are related to increased NAFLD risk. Moreover, the peri-menopausal changes in body composition and insulin resistance might contribute to the increased NAFLD risk. Whether MHT prevents or improves NAFLD in this population remains an open question. Studies in women with breast cancer treated with tamoxifen or non-steroidal aromatase inhibitors point to their adverse effects on NAFLD development, although a more pronounced effect of tamoxifen is reported. Future studies focusing on the underlying pathogenesis should identify subgroups with the highest risk of NAFLD development and progression into more aggressive forms, as well as elucidate the role of hormone therapies, such as MHT. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
The Emerging Role of Bone-Derived Hormones in Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetic Kidney Disease; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) causes the greatest proportion of end-stage renal disease (ESRD)–related mortality and has become a high concern in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). Bone is considered an endocrine organ, playing an emerging role in regulating glucose and energy metabolism. Accumulating research has proven that bone-derived hormones are involved in glucose metabolism and the pathogenesis of DM complications, especially DKD. Furthermore, these hormones are considered to be promising predictors and prospective treatment targets for DM and DKD. In this review, we focused on bone-derived hormones, including fibroblast growth factor 23, osteocalcin, sclerostin, and lipocalin 2, and summarized their role in regulating glucose metabolism and DKD. Copyright © 2022 Li, Gu, Wang, Wang, Chen and Dong.
Fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy – An observational cohort study; Aims: Non-invasive hepatic steatosis indices can be used to assess the risk for metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This may be helpful to detect metabolic disorders in pregnancy, specifically gestational diabetes (GDM). We aim to examine the association of these indices with parameters of glucose metabolism. Methods: 109 women underwent a metabolic characterization at 16 weeks of gestation and were classified according to the fatty-liver index (FLI) and hepatic-steatosis index (HSI) into low (G1), intermediate (G2) and high risk (G3). At 26 weeks, participants received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to assess insulin action, β-cell function and GDM status. Results: Both MAFLD indices were associated with impaired insulin sensitivity and compensatory increase of insulin release. G3 groups showed impaired insulin action. The higher circulating insulin concentrations were not able to compensate for insulin resistance in women with higher MAFLD scores, resulting in an increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.08, p < 0.001 for FLI). MAFLD scores were associated with fetal overgrowth. Conclusions: Maternal MAFLD represents a high-risk obstetric condition. Hepatic steatosis indices are associated with impaired glucose regulation and may provide a useful tool for early risk assessment for impaired glucose metabolism. © 2022
Lactobacillus and intestinal diseases: Mechanisms of action and clinical applications; The gut microbial ecosystem, which is a collection of the host-microbiota interactions and the inter-species interplay among bacteria-dominated microbiota, has become a research hotspot due to its contribution to host health in recent years. Lactobacillus, which has worldwide usage in fermented dairy products, has aroused increasing attention and becomes one of the commonly used probiotics given its promising applications in intestinal health and disease, though it occupies a relatively small proportion of the intestinal microbiota. In the review, we first update the current understanding of determinants of Lactobacillus abundance in the intestinal tract. We then review evidence from animal models to human trials that provided insights into Lactobacillus's applications in common intestinal disorders including the Helicobacter pylori infection, colorectal cancer, diarrhea, inflammatory bowel disease, and irritable bowel syndrome. Mechanisms underlying the probiotic role of Lactobacillus are finally discussed in five aspects: microbial interactions, the improvement of intestinal barrier function, the immunoregulation, the anticancer activity, and the metabolic regulation. This review aims to yield a profound understanding of how Lactobacillus will contribute to disease prevention and individualized therapies in future clinical practice, and to inspire novel microbial strategies utilizing both probiotics and their products in the fields of biology and medicine. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
The Effect of 8 Weeks Endurance Training on Myocardial GLUT4 and Liver Enzymes in Type 2 Diabetic Rats; Background: Over the years type 2 diabetes, in addition to causing irreversible effects on various parts of the body, also causes liver dysfunction and increases the risk of heart failure, but due to the lack of physical symptoms, less attention has been paid. So, the aim of this study was to determine the effect of 8 weeks of endurance training on diabetic indexes and myocardial GLUT4 and liver enzymes of type 2 diabetic rats. Methods: A total number of 24 rats (220±20) were divided randomly into three groups; 1-Non-diabetic Control group (NC, n=8). 2-Diabetic Control group (D, n=8) To induce type 2 diabetes, high-fat diets were given to rats for two weeks, then streptozotocin (Aldrich company) at a dose of 37 mg / kg in citrate buffer M0.1 (PH4.5) after 6 hours of intraperitoneal fasting was injected, For the healthy control group, the same amount of buffer was injected. Also, aerobic exercise groups ran 5 times a week and 8 weeks on a motorized treadmill. Diabetic index’s, myocardial GLUT4 (Western blotting) and liver enzymes (ELISA) of rats were measured. Results: Endurance training significantly decreased fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance index (both P= 0.00). It also caused a significant increase in insulin (P= 0.01) and insulin sensitivity index (P= 0.00) compared to the diabetic control group. On the other hand, the amount of GLUT4 in the training group increased significantly (P= 0.01). The results also showed that in comparison with the diabetic control group, ALT and AST did not increase significantly in diabetics with endurance training (P= 0.30, P= 0.5, respectively). Conclusion: Based on the results, it seems that endurance training significantly increases the level of GLUT4 in the heart and significantly decreased diabetic parameters such as fasting glucose, HOMA-IR index and liver enzymes. © 2022 Iranian Journal of Diabetes and Metabolism and Tehran University of Medical Sciences. Published by Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Ethnic disparities attributed to the manifestation in and response to type 2 diabetes: insights from metabolomics; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) associated health disparities among different ethnicities have long been known. Ethnic variations also exist in T2D related comorbidities including insulin resistance, vascular complications and drug response. Genetic heterogeneity, dietary patterns, nutrient metabolism and gut microbiome composition attribute to ethnic disparities in both manifestation and progression of T2D. These factors differentially regulate the rate of metabolism and metabolic health. Metabolomics studies have indicated significant differences in carbohydrate, lipid and amino acid metabolism among ethnicities. Interestingly, genetic variations regulating lipid and amino acid metabolism might also contribute to inter-ethnic differences in T2D. Comprehensive and comparative metabolomics analysis between ethnicities might help to design personalized dietary regimen and newer therapeutic strategies. In the present review, we explore population based metabolomics data to identify inter-ethnic differences in metabolites and discuss how (a) genetic variations, (b) dietary patterns and (c) microbiome composition may attribute for such differences in T2D. © 2022, The Author(s).
Endotoxin Biomarkers Are Associated With Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk Across 6 Years of Follow-up in Youth; Context: Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (eg, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease). Objective: Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core immunoglobulin G (EndoCab IgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. Design/setting: This prospective study included 393 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes Among Children cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited from 2006 to 2009 at age 10 years (baseline) and followed for 6 years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity [body mass index (BMI) z-score, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skinfolds, waist circumference] and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. Results: Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit log-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (95% CI 1.99, 9.33) mm3 VAT, 30.7 (95% CI 8.0, 53.3) mm3 SAT, and 8.26 (95% CI 4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCab IgG was associated with VAT only [3.03 (95% CI 0.34, 5.71) mm3]. LPS was associated with higher insulin [1.93 (95% CI 0.08, 3.70) μU/mL] and leptin [2.28 (95% CI 0.66, 3.90) ng/mL] and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for prepregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. Conclusions: Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition. © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Associations of Uric Acid With Liver Steatosis and Fibrosis Applying Vibration Controlled Transient Elastography in the United States: A Nationwide Cross-Section Study; Background and objective: Serum uric acid (UA) is related to many metabolic diseases. However, the association of UA with liver diseases was not very clear. The objective of this study is to clarify the relationship of UA with liver steatosis and fibrosis. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of 4364 people of National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2017-2018. Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed by controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurements (LSM) using Vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Linear and logistic regressions were performed. Results: After adjusting for potential confounders, UA levels were associated with the prevalence of liver steatosis [OR=2.097 (95%CI: 1.245, 3.534)] and liver fibrosis [OR=2.983 (95%CI: 1.797, 4.952)]. Furthermore, the results were consistent in the subgroup analyses of males and females. Conclusions: UA levels were positively associated with the prevalence of liver steatosis and fibrosis. Copyright © 2022 Duan, Zhang, Chen, Yu, Song, Jiang, He, Wan and Shen.
Resveratrol in Treating Diabetes and Its Cardiovascular Complications: A Review of Its Mechanisms of Action; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the most prevalent chronic diseases worldwide. High mor-bidity and mortality caused by DM are closely linked to its complications in multiple organs/tissues, including cardiovascular complications, diabetic nephropathy, and diabetic neuropathy. Resver-atrol is a plant-derived polyphenolic compound with pleiotropic protective effects, ranging from antioxidant and anti-inflammatory to hypoglycemic effects. Recent studies strongly suggest that the consumption of resveratrol offers protection against diabetes and its cardiovascular complications. The protective effects of resveratrol involve the regulation of multiple signaling pathways, including inhibition of oxidative stress and inflammation, enhancement of insulin sensitivity, induction of autophagy, regulation of lipid metabolism, promotion of GLUT4 expression, and translocation, and activation of SIRT1/AMPK signaling axis. The cardiovascular protective effects of resveratrol have been recently reviewed in the literature, but the role of resveratrol in preventing diabetes mellitus and its cardiovascular complications has not been systematically reviewed. Therefore, in this review, we summarize the pharmacological effects and mechanisms of action of resveratrol based on in vitro and in vivo studies, highlighting the therapeutic potential of resveratrol in the prevention and treatment of diabetes and its cardiovascular complications. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of iodoacetic acid drinking water disinfection byproduct on the gut microbiota and its metabolism in rats; Iodoacetic acid (IAA) is an unregulated disinfection byproduct in drinking water and has been shown to exert cytotoxicity, genotoxicity, tumorigenicity, and reproductive and developmental toxicity. However, the effects of IAA on gut microbiota and its metabolism are still unknown, especially the association between gut microbiota and the metabolism and toxicity of IAA. In this study, female and male Sprague–Dawley rats were exposed to IAA at 0 and 16 mg/kg bw/day daily for 8 weeks by oral gavage. Results of 16S rRNA gene sequencing showed that IAA could alter the diversity, relative abundance and function of gut microbiota in female and male rats. IAA also increased the abundance of genes related to steroid hormone biosynthesis in the gut microbiota of male rats. Moreover, metabolomics profiling revealed that IAA could significantly disturb 6 and 13 metabolites in the feces of female and male rats, respectively. In female rats, the level of androstanediol increased in the IAA treatment group. These results were consistent with our previous findings, where IAA was identified as an androgen disruptor. Additionally, the perturbed gut microbiota and altered metabolites were correlated with each other. The results of this study indicated that IAA could disturb gut microbiota and its metabolism. These changes in gut microbiota and its metabolism were associated with the reproductive and developmental toxicity of IAA. © 2022
Machine Learning Methods for Hypercholesterolemia Long-Term Risk Prediction; Cholesterol is a waxy substance found in blood lipids. Its role in the human body is helpful in the process of producing new cells as long as it is at a healthy level. When cholesterol exceeds the permissible limits, it works the opposite, causing serious heart health problems. When a person has high cholesterol (hypercholesterolemia), the blood vessels are blocked by fats, and thus, circulation through the arteries becomes difficult. The heart does not receive the oxygen it needs, and the risk of heart attack increases. Nowadays, machine learning (ML) has gained special interest from physicians, medical centers and healthcare providers due to its key capabilities in health-related issues, such as risk prediction, prognosis, treatment and management of various conditions. In this article, a supervised ML methodology is outlined whose main objective is to create risk prediction tools with high efficiency for hypercholesterolemia occurrence. Specifically, a data understanding analysis is conducted to explore the features association and importance to hypercholesterolemia. These factors are utilized to train and test several ML models to find the most efficient for our purpose. For the evaluation of the ML models, precision, recall, accuracy, F-measure, and AUC metrics have been taken into consideration. The derived results highlighted Soft Voting with Rotation and Random Forest trees as base models, which achieved better performance in comparison to the other models with an AUC of 94.5%, precision of 92%, recall of 91.8%, F-measure of 91.7% and an accuracy equal to 91.75%. © 2022 by the authors.
Risk assessment with gut microbiome and metabolite markers in NAFLD development; A growing body of evidence suggests interplay between the gut microbiota and the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, the role of the gut microbiome in early detection of NAFLD is unclear. Prospective studies are necessary for identifying reliable, microbiome markers for early NAFLD. We evaluated 2487 individuals in a community-based cohort who were followed up 4.6 years after initial clinical examination and biospecimen sampling. Metagenomic and metabolomic characterizations using stool and serum samples taken at baseline were performed for 90 participants who progressed to NAFLD and 90 controls who remained NAFLD free at the follow-up visit. Cases and controls were matched for gender, age, body mass index (BMI) at baseline and follow-up, and 4-year BMI change. Machine learning models integrating baseline microbial signatures (14 features) correctly classified participants (auROCs of 0.72 to 0.80) based on their NAFLD status and liver fat accumulation at the 4-year follow up, outperforming other prognostic clinical models (auROCs of 0.58 to 0.60). We confirmed the biological relevance of the microbiome features by testing their diagnostic ability in four external NAFLD case-control cohorts examined by biopsy or magnetic resonance spectroscopy, from Asia, Europe, and the United States. Our findings raise the possibility of using gut microbiota for early clinical warning of NAFLD development. Copyright © 2022 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government Works
Metformin Prevents Key Mechanisms of Obesity-Related Complications in Visceral White Adipose Tissue of Obese Pregnant Mice; With the gaining prevalence of obesity, related risks during pregnancy are rising. Inflammation and oxidative stress are considered key mechanisms arising in white adipose tissue (WAT) sparking obesity-associated complications and diseases. The established anti-diabetic drug metformin reduces both on a systemic level, but only little is known about such effects on WAT. Because inhibiting these mechanisms in WAT might prevent obesity-related adverse effects, we investigated metformin treatment during pregnancy using a mouse model of diet-induced maternal obesity. After mating, obese mice were randomised to metformin administration. On gestational day G15.5, phenotypic data were collected and perigonadal WAT (pgWAT) morphology and proteome were examined. Metformin treatment reduced weight gain and visceral fat accumulation. We detected downregulation of perilipin-1 as a correlate and observed indications of recovering respiratory capacity and adipocyte metabolism under metformin treatment. By regulating four newly discovered potential adipokines (alpha-1 antitrypsin, Apoa4, Lrg1 and Selenbp1), metformin could mediate anti-diabetic, anti-inflammatory and oxidative stress-modulating effects on local and systemic levels. Our study provides an insight into obesity-specific proteome alterations and shows novel modulating effects of metformin in pgWAT of obese dams. Accordingly, metformin therapy appears suitable to prevent some of obesity’s key mechanisms in WAT. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Loss of the Incretin Effect in Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Context: Loss of the incretin effect (IE) in type 2 diabetes (T2D) contributes to hyperglycemia and the mechanisms underlying this impairment are unclear. Objective: To quantify the IE impairment in T2D and to investigate the factors associated with it using a meta-analytic approach. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, and Web-of-Science were searched. Studies measuring IE by the gold-standard protocol employing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and an intravenous glucose infusion at matched glucose levels were selected. We extracted IE, sex, age, body mass index (BMI), and hemoglobin A1c, fasting values, and area under curve (AUC) of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1). In subjects with T2D, we also recorded T2D duration, age at diagnosis, and the percentage of subjects taking antidiabetic medications. Results: The IE weighted mean difference between subjects with T2D and those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) was -27.3% (CI -36.5% to -18.1%; P<.001; I2=86.6%) and was affected by age (P<.005). By meta-regression of combined NGT and T2D data, IE was inversely associated with glucose tolerance (lower IE in T2D), BMI, and fasting GIP (P<.05). By meta-regression of T2D studies only, IE was associated with the OGTT glucose dose (P<.0001). IE from insulin was larger than IE from C-peptide (weighted mean difference 11.2%, CI 9.2-13.2%; P<.0001; I2=28.1%); the IE difference was inversely associated with glucose tolerance and fasting glucose. Conclusion: The IE impairment in T2D vs NGT is consistent though considerably variable, age being a possible factor affecting the IE difference. Glucose tolerance, BMI, and fasting GIP are independently associated with IE; in subjects with T2D only, the OGTT dose is a significant covariate.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Among Asians – A Systematic Review From a Population Health Perspective; Objective: Since Asians are particularly vulnerable to the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the lifecourse health implications of which are far beyond pregnancy, we aimed to summarize the literature to understand the research gaps on current GDM research among Asians. Methods: We systematically searched the articles in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Scopus by 30 June 2021 with keywords applied on three topics, namely “GDM prevalence in Asians”, “GDM and maternal health outcomes in Asians”, and “GDM and offspring health outcomes in Asians”. Results: We observed that Asian women (natives and immigrants) are at the highest risk of developing GDM and subsequent progression to type 2 diabetes among all populations. Children born to GDM-complicated pregnancies had a higher risk of macrosomia and congenital anomalies (i.e. heart, kidney and urinary tract) at birth and greater adiposity later in life. Conclusion: This review summarized various determinants underlying the conversion between GDM and long-term health outcomes in Asian women, and it might shed light on efforts to prevent GDM and improve the lifecourse health in Asians from a public health perspective. Systematic Review Registration: Prospero, CRD42021286075. Copyright © 2022 Li, Huang, Tobias and Zhang.
Mitofusins: from mitochondria to fertility; Germ cell formation and embryonic development require ATP synthesized by mitochondria. The dynamic system of the mitochondria, and in particular, the fusion of mitochondria, are essential for the generation of energy. Mitofusin1 and mitofusin2, the homologues of Fuzzy onions in yeast and Drosophila, are critical regulators of mitochondrial fusion in mammalian cells. Since their discovery mitofusins (Mfns) have been the source of significant interest as key influencers of mitochondrial dynamics, including membrane fusion, mitochondrial distribution, and the interaction with other organelles. Emerging evidence has revealed significant insight into the role of Mfns in germ cell formation and embryonic development, as well as the high incidence of reproductive diseases such as asthenospermia, polycystic ovary syndrome, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Here, we describe the key mechanisms of Mfns in mitochondrial dynamics, focusing particularly on the role of Mfns in the regulation of mammalian fertility, including spermatogenesis, oocyte maturation, and embryonic development. We also highlight the role of Mfns in certain diseases associated with the reproductive system and their potential as therapeutic targets. © 2022, The Author(s).
Exposure to maternal fuels during pregnancy and offspring hepatic fat in early childhood: The healthy start study; Background: Intrauterine overnutrition has been associated with paediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the exact mechanisms involved remain unclear. Objective: To examine whether maternal fuels and metabolic markers during pregnancy are associated with offspring hepatic fat in childhood. Methods: This analysis included 286 mother–child pairs from the Healthy Start Study, a longitudinal pre-birth cohort in Colorado. Fasting blood draws were collected in early pregnancy (~17 weeks) and mid-pregnancy (~27 weeks). Offspring hepatic fat was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at ~5 years. Results: In early pregnancy, maternal triglycerides (TGs) and free fatty acids (FFAs) were positively associated with offspring hepatic fat [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 1.15 (1.05, 1.27) per 1 standard deviation (SD) TGs; 1.14 (1.05, 1.23) per 1 SD FFAs]. Maternal total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were also associated with offspring hepatic fat, but only among boys [1.22 (1.08, 1.37) per 1 SD TC; 1.21 (1.07, 1.37) per 1 SD LDL-C]. In mid-pregnancy, only maternal TGs remained associated with offspring hepatic fat. Adjusting for potential confounders or mediators did not affect associations. Conclusions: Maternal lipid concentrations, especially in early pregnancy, are associated with higher offspring hepatic fat, and may, therefore, be targeted in future interventions among pregnant women. © 2022 World Obesity Federation.
Effects of Intestinal FXR-Related Molecules on Intestinal Mucosal Barriers in Biliary Tract Obstruction; Background: The farnesoid X receptor (FXR) is a key factor regulating hepatic bile acid synthesis and enterohepatic circulation. Repression of bile acid synthesis by the FXR is a potential strategy for treating cholestatic liver disease. However, the role of intestinal FXR on the intestinal barrier and intestinal microbiota needs further investigation. Materials: Intestinal tissues were collected from patients with biliary atresia or without hepatobiliary disease. Then, intestinal mRNA levels of FXR-related molecules were determined. To investigate the effect of FXR activation, bile-duct-ligation rats were treated with obeticholic acid [OCA (5 mg/kg/day)] or vehicle (0.5% methyl cellulose) per oral gavage for 14 days. The mRNA levels of intestinal FXR, SHP, TNF-α, FGF15 and bile acid transporter levels were determined. In addition, the intestinal permeability, morphologic changes, and composition of the intestinal microbiota were evaluated. Gut Microbiome was determined by 16S rDNA MiSeq sequencing, and functional profiling of microbial communities was predicted with BugBase and PICRUSt2. Finally, the role of OCA in injured intestinal epithelial cell apoptosis and proliferation was examined by pretreatment with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in Caco-2 cells. Results: The downstream of the FXR in ileum tissues was inhibited in biliary obstruction. Activation of the FXR signaling pathway by OCA significantly reduced liver fibrosis and intestinal inflammation, improved intestinal microbiota, and protected intestinal mucosa in BDL rats. OCA also altered the functional capacities of ileum microbiota in BDL rats. Significant differences existed between the controls and BDL rats, which were attenuated by OCA in the alpha diversity analysis. Principal coordinates analysis showed that microbial communities in BDL rats clustered separately from controls, and OCA treatment attenuated the distinction. Bugbase and PICRUSt2 analysis showed that OCA changed the composition and structure of the intestinal microbiota and improved the metabolic function of the intestinal microbiota by increasing the relative abundance of beneficial bacteria and reducing the relative abundance of harmful bacteria. Moreover, OCA reduced the apoptosis induced by LPS in Caco-2 cells. Conclusion: The FXR agonist, OCA, activates the intestinal FXR signaling pathway and improves the composition and structure of the intestinal microbiota and intestinal barrier in BDL rats. Copyright © 2022 Yan, Hou, Cai, Wang, Ma, Geng, Jiang and Tang.; The FXR agonist, OCA, activates the intestinal FXR signaling pathway and improves the composition and structure of the intestinal microbiota and intestinal barrier in BDL rats. (Figure presented.). Copyright © 2022 Yan, Hou, Cai, Wang, Ma, Geng, Jiang and Tang.
High Iron Exposure from the Fetal Stage to Adulthood in Mice Alters Lipid Metabolism; Iron supplementation is recommended during pregnancy and fetal growth. However, excess iron exposure may increase the risk of abnormal fetal development. We investigated the potential side effects of high iron levels in fetuses and through their adult life. C57BL/6J pregnant mice from 2 weeks of gestation and their offspring until 30 weeks were fed a control (CTRL, FeSO4 0 g/1 kg) or high iron (HFe, FeSO4 9.9 g/1 kg) diets. HFe group showed higher iron accumulation in the liver with increased hepcidin, reduced TfR1/2 mRNAs, and lowered ferritin heavy chain (FTH) proteins in both liver and adipose tissues despite iron loading. HFe decreased body weight, fat weight, adipocyte size, and triglyceride levels in the blood and fat, along with downregulation of lipogene-sis genes, including PPARγ, C/EBPα, SREBP1c, FASN, and SCD1, and fatty acid uptake and oxidation genes, such as CD36 and PPARα. UCP2, adiponectin, and mRNA levels of antioxidant genes such as GPX4, HO‐1, and NQO1 were increased in the HFe group, while total glutathione was re-duced. We conclude that prolonged exposure to high iron from the fetal stage to adulthood may decrease fat accumulation by altering ferritin expression, adipocyte differentiation, and triglyceride metabolism, resulting in an alteration in normal growth. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Associations between Circulating SELENOP Level and Disorders of Glucose and Lipid Metabolism: A Meta-Analysis; Selenoprotein P (SELENOP) is an extracellular antioxidant, selenium transporter, and hepatokine interfering with glucose and lipid metabolism. To study the association between the circulating SELENOP concentration and glucose and lipid metabolic diseases (GLMDs), including gestational diabetes (GD), metabolic syndrome (MetS), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes, as well as the individual markers, a meta-analysis was conducted by searching multiple databases from their establishment through March 2022 and including 27 articles published between October 2010 and May 2021, involving 4033 participants. Participants with GLMDs had higher levels of SELENOP than those without GLMDs (standardized mean difference = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.16 to 1.51), and the SELENOP levels were positively correlated with the markers of GLMDs (pooled effect size = 0.09, 95% CI: 0.02 to 0.15). Subgroup analyses showed that the SELENOP concentrations were higher in women with GD and lower in individuals with MetS than their counterparts, respectively. Moreover, SELENOP was positively correlated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but not with the other markers of GLMDs. Thus, the heterogenicity derived from diseases or disease markers should be carefully considered while interpreting the overall positive association between SELENOP and GLMDs. Studies with a larger sample size and advanced design are warranted to confirm these findings. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fetal programming by androgen excess impairs liver lipid content and PPARg expression in adult rats; It is known that prenatal hyperandrogenization induces alterations since early stages of life, contributing to the development of polycystic ovary syndrome affecting the reproductive axis and the metabolic status, thus promoting others associated disorders, such as dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, liver dysfunction, and even steatosis. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of fetal programming by androgen excess on the hepatic lipid content and metabolic mediators at adult life. Pregnant rats were hyperandrogenized with daily subcutaneous injections of 1 mg of free testosterone from days 16 to 19 of pregnancy. The prenatally hyperandrogenized (PH) female offspring displayed two phenotypes: irregular ovulatory phenotype (PHiov) and anovulatory phenotype (PHanov), with different metabolic and endocrine features. We evaluated the liver lipid content and the main aspect of the balance between fatty acid (FA) synthesis and oxidation. We investigated the status of the peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) alpha and gamma, which act as lipid mediators, and the adipokine chemerin, one marker of liver alterations. We found that prenatal hyperandrogenization altered the liver lipid profile with increased FAs levels in the PHanov phenotype and decreased cholesterol content in the PHiov phenotype. FA metabolism was also disturbed, including decreased mRNA and protein PPARgamma levels and impaired gene expression of the main enzymes involved in lipid metabolism. Moreover, we found low chemerin protein levels in both PH phenotypes. In conclusion, these data suggest that prenatal hyperandrogenization exerts a negative effect on the liver and alters lipid content and metabolic mediators' expression at adult age.  ©
Exercise and Metabolic Health: The Emerging Roles of Novel Exerkines; Physical inactivity is a major cause of chronic diseases. It shortens the health span by lowering the age of the first chronic disease onset, which leads to decreased quality of life and increased mortality risk. On the other hand, physical exercise is considered a miracle cure in the primary prevention of at least 35 chronic diseases, including obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. However, despite many scientific attempts to unveil the health benefits conferred by regular exercise, the underlying molecular mechanisms driving such benefits are not fully explored. Recent research shows that exercise-induced bioactive molecules, named exerkines, might play a critical role in the regulation of metabolic homeostasis and thus prevent metabolic diseases. Here we summarize the current understanding of the health-promoting effects of exerkines secreted from skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, bone, and liver, including MOTS-c, BDNF, miR-1, 12,13-diHOME, irisin, SPX, OC, GDF15, and FGF21 on obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Identifying the systemic health benefits of exerkines may open a new area for the discovery of new pharmacological strategies for the prevention and management of metabolic diseases. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Effects of Probiotic Intervention on Markers of Inflammation and Health Outcomes in Women of Reproductive Age and Their Children; The human intestinal microbiota has been shown to be modulated during inflammatory conditions. Probiotic administration has been shown to affect the immune system and cytokine expression which can affect inflammation and health outcomes. There seems to be an association between the mother's intestinal microbiota and inflammation biomarkers, both of which may contribute to newborn early life immune and metabolic programming and impact short and long-term health outcomes. Probiotic supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to influence metabolic health, immunity, and gastrointestinal health of the mother, and can also have carry-over benefits to infants such as infant allergy risk reduction. Therefore, this review focuses on the evidence of probiotic administration in women of reproductive age, including during pregnancy and its impact on inflammatory markers and on maternal and infant health. We performed a PubMed search for articles published in English in the last 20 years. Immune markers were narrowed to serum and breast milk levels of TNF-α, IL-6 and TGF-β, IgA, and IL-10. Studies that investigated the beneficial effects of interventions in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and infant allergy management are summarized. These results show a beneficial or neutral effect on selected health outcomes and that it is safe for woman and their infants. The effect of probiotics on modulation of inflammatory markers was probiotic specific. More research is needed to further our understanding of the mechanisms underlying the effects of probiotics on inflammation and how these effects improve health outcomes. Copyright © 2022 Kwok, Fries, Silva-Zolezzi, Thakkar, Iroz and Blanchard.
β-cell dynamics in type 2 diabetes and in dietary and exercise interventions; Pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance are two of the major causes of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Recent clinical and experimental studies have suggested that the functional capacity of β-cells, particularly in the first phase of insulin secretion, is a primary contributor to the progression of T2D and its associated complications. Pancreatic β-cells undergo dynamic compensation and decompensation processes during the development of T2D, in which metabolic stresses such as endoplasmic reticulum stress, oxidative stress, and inflammatory signals are key regulators of β-cell dynamics. Dietary and exercise interventions have been shown to be effective approaches for the treatment of obesity and T2D, especially in the early stages. Whilst the targeted tissues and underlying mechanisms of dietary and exercise interventions remain somewhat vague, accumulating evidence has implicated the improvement of β-cell functional capacity. In this review, we summarize recent advances in the understanding of the dynamic adaptations of β-cell function in T2D progression and clarify the effects and mechanisms of dietary and exercise interventions on β-cell dysfunction in T2D. This review provides molecular insights into the therapeutic effects of dietary and exercise interventions on T2D, and more importantly, it paves the way for future research on the related underlying mechanisms for developing precision prevention and treatment of T2D.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Journal of Molecular Cell Biology, CEMCS, CAS.
Metabolomics study on liver of db/db mice treated with curcumin using UPLC-Q-TOF-MS; A metabolomics method based on ultra-performance liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF-MS) was applied to study the metabolic changes of liver in db/db mice administered with curcumin. After one week of acclimating to feeding, 20 db/db mice were randomly divided into two groups: curcumin non-treatment group and curcumin treatment group. After eight weeks of treatment, plasma and liver were collected for biochemical analysis and metabolomics analysis, as well as liver oxidative stress and histopathology examination. Serum biochemical indicators such as blood glucose, triglycerides, fasting insulin, and aspartate aminotransferase decreased significantly in the curcumin treatment group compared to the curcumin non-treatment group, whereas hepatic pathological levels and antioxidation levels improved. There were several different potential biomarkers in two groups, including sphingomyelin (SM) (d18:0/20:0), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (22n-6) (DPAn-6), arachidonic acid (AA), dihomo-gamma- linolenic acid (DGLA), leukotriene C4 (LTC4), lysophosphatidylethanolamine (LysoPE) (16:1(9Z)/0:0), LysoPE (18:1(9Z)/0:0), LysoPE (0:0/18:0), LysoPE (0:0/20:1(11Z)), LysoPE (20:1(11Z)/0:0), 3-sulfinoalanine, alpha-tocotrienol (α-T3) and pantetheine 4′-phosphate (4′-PP). The mechanism might be related to biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids, arachidonic acid metabolism, phospholipid metabolism, and taurine and hypotaurine metabolism. The effects of curcumin on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) include antioxidant, delaying development of T2DM, preventing β-cell death, decreasing insulin resistance, alleviating hepatic damage, and improving metabolic disturbances. Our results provide novel insights and ideas for prevention and treatment of curcumin on T2DM and its complications. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Regulation of the intestinal flora: A potential mechanism of natural medicines in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus comprises a group of heterogeneous disorders, which are usually subdivided into type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Both genetic and environmental factors have been implicated in the onset of diabetes. Type 1 diabetes primarily involves autoimmune insulin deficiency. In comparison, type 2 diabetes is contributed by the pathological state of insulin deficiency and insulin resistance. In recent years, significant differences were found in the abundance of microflora, intestinal barrier, and intestinal metabolites in diabetic subjects when compared to normal subjects. To further understand the relationship between diabetes mellitus and intestinal flora, this paper summarizes the interaction mechanism between diabetes mellitus and intestinal flora. Furthermore, the natural compounds found to treat diabetes through intestinal flora were classified and summarized. This review is expected to provide a valuable resource for the development of new diabetic drugs and the applications of natural compounds. © 2022 The Authors
Fenugreek Seed Galactomannan Aqueous and Extract Protects against Diabetic Nephropathy and Liver Damage by Targeting NF-κB and Keap1/Nrf2 Axis; This investigation was conducted to test the potential of the galactomannan (F-GAL) and aqueous extract (FS-AE) of the Fenugreek seed aqueous to prevent liver and kidney damage extracts in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced T1DM in rats. Non-diabetic and diabetic rats received the normal saline as a vehicle or were treated with FS-EA or F-GAL at a final concentration of 500 mg/kg/each. Treatments with both drugs reduced fasting hyperglycemia and improved serum and hepatic lipid profiles in the control and diabetic rats. Additionally, F-GAL and FS-AE attenuated the associated reduction in the mass and structure of the islets of Langerhans in diabetic rats and improved the structure of the kidneys and livers. In association, they also reduced the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), lipid peroxides, factor (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and nuclear levels of NF-κB p65, and improved serum levels of ALT, AST, albumin, and creatinine. However, both treatments increased hepatic and renal superoxide dismutase (SOD) in the livers and kidneys of both the control and diabetic-treated rats, which coincided with a significant increase in transcription, translation, and nuclear localization of Nrf2. In conclusion, FS-AE and F-GAL are effective therapeutic options that may afford a possible treatment for T1DM by attenuating pancreatic damage, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and hepatic and renal damage. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Progress toward molecular therapy for diabetes mellitus: A focus on targeting inflammatory factors; Diabetes mellitus (DM) has been the most prevalent global metabolic disease, turning into a serious risk for human health. Several researches have recorded a role for inflammation and immunity in the pathogenesis of both in T1DM and in T2DM. Lots of chemical agents are available to control and to cure diabetic patients, which are not always sufficient for euglycemia maintenance and late stage diabetic complications avoidance. Therefore, newborn therapeutic methods to refine clinical outcomes in DM are required. Nucleic-acid-based therapy also known as gene expression level regulator within the target cells has been calculated to be promising in various diseases. Thus, pronounced attempts have been dedicated to develop new targeted molecular therapy aimed at improving insulin resistance in DM. This review mainly focuses on recent progress in DM molecular therapy and whether, has potential efficacy against inflammatory mediators involved in DM. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Diminished miR-374c-5p negatively regulates IL (interleukin)-6 in unexplained recurrent spontaneous abortion; Unexplained recurrent spontaneous abortion (URSA) is commonly observed, and seriously affects women’s reproductive health. Excessive interleukin-6 (IL-6) production has been shown to frequently occur and relate to URSA pathogenesis. In this study, the miRNA expression profile in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from URSA patients and normal pregnant (NP) women was assessed by miRNA microarray and real-time quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). MiRNA target prediction tools and luciferase reporter assay were used to detect direct binding between miRNAs and IL6. Functional study of administering anti-IL-6 neutralizing antibody and miR-374c-5p mimics to an URSA animal model was performed to evaluate embryo resorption rates. In the results, compared with NP women, the expression of IL-6 increased markedly in PBMCs and decidual tissues at both mRNA and protein levels, while miR-374c-5p expression decreased significantly. Prediction software and luciferase reporter assay showed that miR-374c-5p binds with IL6 3′UTR via the complementary bases. Transfection of miR-374c-5p mimics into an in vitro HeLa cell line significantly downregulated the expression of IL-6, while transfection of the miR-374c-5p inhibitor induced an opposite result. In the URSA mouse model, miR-374c-5p overexpression reduced the embryo resorption rate significantly, accompanied with decreased expression of IL-6 in the decidua. To sum up, downregulated miR-374c-5p was involved in the pathogenesis of URSA by enhancing IL-6 expression. Modulation of miR-374c-5p expression may be used to regulate IL-6 production for the treatment of URSA. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Osteoprotegerin Gene Polymorphisms Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Mexican Mestizo Population; Subclinical atherosclerosis (SA) is the presence of coronary calcification in the absence of cardiovascular symptoms, and it usually progresses to atherosclerotic disease. Studies have shown an association of osteoprotegerin gene (OPG) variants with calcification process in cardiovascular diseases; however, to this day there are no studies that evaluate individuals in the asymptomatic stage of atherosclerotic disease. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to analyze the association of four genetic variants and haplotypes of the OPG gene with the development of SA, through TaqMan genotyping assays. We also aimed to identify potential response elements for transcription factors in these genetic variants. The study included 1413 asymptomatic participants (1041 were controls and 372 were individuals with SA). The rs3102735 polymorphism appeared as a protective marker (OR = 0.693; 95% CI = 0.493–0.974; pheterozygote = 0.035; OR = 0.699; 95% CI = 0.496–0.985; pcodominant 1 = 0.040) and two haplotypes were associated with SA, one as a decreased risk: GACC (OR = 0.641, 95% CI = 0.414–0.990, p = 0.045) and another as an increased risk: GACT (OR = 1.208, 95% CI = 1.020–1.431, p = 0.029). Our data suggest a lower risk of SA in rs3102735 C carriers in a representative sample of Mexican mestizo population. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Unique Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Hispanic Individuals; Purpose of Review: This review summarizes contemporary data on unique cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in Hispanic individuals in the USA, and how addressing these factors is important in addressing health equity. Recent Findings: Recent studies have shown high rates of traditional CVD risk factors in Hispanic individuals such as obesity, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and emerging CVD risk factors like hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, psychological stress, and occupational exposures. However, most studies fail to consider the significant heterogeneity in risk factor burden and outcomes in atherosclerotic CVD by Hispanic subgroup. Heart failure and rhythm disorders are less well studied in Hispanic adults, making risk assessment for these conditions difficult. High levels of CVD risk factors in Hispanic youth given an aging Hispanic population overall highlight the importance of risk mitigation among these individuals. Summary: In brief, these data highlight the significant, unique burden of CVD risk among Hispanic individuals in the USA and predict a rising burden of disease among this growing and aging population. Future CVD research should focus on including robust, diverse Hispanic cohorts as well as specifically delineating results for disaggregated Hispanic groups across CVDs. This will allow for better risk assessment, prevention, and treatment decisions to promote health equity for Hispanic patients. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Automated Machine Learning (AutoML)-Derived Preconception Predictive Risk Model to Guide Early Intervention for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; The increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is contributing to the rising global burden of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and intergenerational cycle of chronic metabolic dis-orders. Primary lifestyle interventions to manage GDM, including second trimester dietary and exercise guidance, have met with limited success due to late implementation, poor adherence and generic guidelines. In this study, we aimed to build a preconception-based GDM predictor to enable early intervention. We also assessed the associations of top predictors with GDM and adverse birth outcomes. Our evolutionary algorithm-based automated machine learning (AutoML) model was implemented with data from 222 Asian multi-ethnic women in a preconception cohort study, Singapore Preconception Study of Long-Term Maternal and Child Outcomes (S-PRESTO). A stacked ensemble model with a gradient boosting classifier and linear support vector machine classifier (stochastic gradient descent training) was derived using genetic programming, achieving an excel-lent AUC of 0.93 based on four features (glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), mean arterial blood pressure, fasting insulin, triglycerides/HDL ratio). The results of multivariate logistic regression model showed that each 1 mmol/mol increase in preconception HbA1c was positively associated with increased risks of GDM (p = 0.001, odds ratio (95% CI) 1.34 (1.13–1.60)) and preterm birth (p = 0.011, odds ratio 1.63 (1.12–2.38)). Optimal control of preconception HbA1c may aid in preventing GDM and reducing the incidence of preterm birth. Our trained predictor has been deployed as a web application that can be easily employed in GDM intervention programs, prior to conception. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Short chain fatty acids for the risk of diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes patients; Aims: This study aimed to explore relationships short chain fatty acids with diabetic nephropathy (DN) in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. Methods: We extracted the clinical and omics data of 100 T2D patients and 100 DN patients from April 2018 to April 2019 from a tertiary hospital. Restricted cubic splines were used to examine full-range associations of short chain fatty acids with DN in T2D.Query Logistic regression was used to obtain odds ratio (OR) and confidence interval (CI). Results: Acetate, butyrate and isovalerate were negatively correlated with DN. Isobutyrate was positively correlated with DN. Propionate ≥ 4.4 μg/mL and isobutyrate ≥ 1.4 μg/mL had threshold effects and their increasing levels above the cutoff points were associated with rapid rises in the risk of DN. The additive interaction between high propionate and high isobutyrate in serum significantly increased the risk of DN (OR34.35; 95%CI 7.11 to 166.08). Presence of hypertension further increased the OR of high propionate for DN to 8.27(95%CI 1.82 to 37.57) with a significant additive interaction. The additive interaction of the high isobutyrate and hypertension was not significant. Conclusions: Acetate, butyrate and isovalerate were negatively associated with DN. Isobutyrate was positively associated with DN. Serum high propionate and high isobutyrate worked independently and synergistically to increase the risk of DN in T2D. Presence of hypertension further amplified the effect of copresence of high propionate on DN risk. © 2022, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Role of Serotonin (5-HT) in GDM Prediction Considering Islet and Liver Interplay in Prediabetic Mice during Gestation; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is characterized by a glucose tolerance disorder. This may first appear during pregnancy or pre-exist before conception as a form of prediabetes, but there are few data on the pathogenesis of the latter subtype. Female New Zealand obese (NZO) mice serve as a model for this subpopulation of GDM. It was recently shown that GDM is associated with elevated urinary serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) levels, but the role of the biogenic amine in subpopulations with prediabetes remains unclear. 5-HT is synthesized in different tissues, including the islets of Langerhans during pregnancy. Furthermore, 5-HT receptors (HTRs) are expressed in tissues important for the regulation of glucose homeostasis, such as liver and pancreas. Interestingly, NZO mice showed elevated plasma and islet 5-HT concentrations as well as impaired glucose-stimulated 5-HT secretion. Incubation of isolated primary NZO islets with 5-HT revealed an inhibitory effect on insulin and glucagon secretion. In primary NZO hepatocytes, 5-HT aggravated hepatic glucose production (HGP), decreased glucose uptake (HGU), glycogen content, and modulated AKT activation as well as cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) increase, indicating 5-HT downstream modulation. Treatment with an HTR2B antagonist reduced this 5-HT-mediated deterioration of the metabolic state. With its strong effect on glucose metabolism, these data indicate that 5-HT is already a potential indicator of GDM before conception in mice. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Molecular insights into the multifaceted functions and therapeutic targeting of high mobility group box 1 in metabolic diseases; HMGB1 is a ubiquitously expressed protein localized in nucleus, cytoplasm, as well as secreted into extracellular space. Nuclear HMGB1 binds to DNAs and RNAs, regulating genomic stability and transcription. Cytoplasmic HMGB1 regulates autophagy through binding to core autophagy regulators. Secreted extracellular HMGB1 functions as a ligand to various receptors (RAGE and TLRs, etc.), regulating multiple signalling pathways, such as MAPK, PI3K and NF-κB signallings. Trafficking and localization of HMGB1 across cellular compartments could be regulated by its posttranslational modifications, which fine-tune its functions in metabolic diseases, inflammation and cancers. The current review examines the up-to-date findings pertaining to the biological functions of HMGB1, with focus on its posttranslational modifications and roles in downstream signalling pathways involved in metabolic diseases. This review also discusses the feasibility of targeting HMGB1 as a potential pharmacological intervention for metabolic diseases. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Crosstalk between Gut Microbiota, Intestinal Immunological Niche and Visceral Adipose Tissue as a New Model for the Pathogene-sis of Metabolic and Inflammatory Diseases: The Paradigm of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Gut microbiota (GM) comprises more than one thousand microorganisms between bacterial species, viruses, fungi, and protozoa and represents the main actor of a wide net of molecular interactions, involving, among others, the endocrine system, immune responses, and metabolism. GM influences many endocrine functions, such as adrenal steroidogenesis, thyroid function, sexual hormones, IGF-1 pathway and peptides, produced in the gastrointestinal system. It is fundamental in glycaemic control and obesity, while also exerting an important function in modulating the immune system and associated inflammatory disease. The result of this crosstalk in gut mucosa is the formation of the intestinal immunological niche. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) produces about 600 different peptides and it is involved in lipid and glucose metabolism, and some immune reactions, through several adipokines. GM and VAT interact in a bidirectional fashion: while gut dysbiosis can modify VAT adipokines and hormone secretion, VAT hyperpla-sia modifies GM composition. Acquired or genetic factors leading to gut dysbiosis or increasing VAT (i.e., Western diet) induce a pro-inflammatory condition, which plays a pivotal role in the development of dysmetabolic and immunologic conditions, such as diabetes mellitus. Diabetes is associated with specific patterns of GM alterations, an abun-dance or reduction of GM species involved in controlling mucosal barrier status, glycaemic levels and exerting a pro-or anti-inflammatory activity. All these factors could ex-plain the higher incidence of several inflammatory conditions in Western countries; fur-thermore, besides the specific alterations observed in diabetes, this paradigm could repre-sent a common pathway acting in many metabolic conditions and could pave the way to new, interesting therapeutic approaches. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Current Evidence Concerning Effects of Ketogenic Diet and Intermittent Fasting in Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is emerging glob-ally, while no therapeutic medication has been approved as an effective treatment to date, lifestyle intervention through dietary modification and physical exercise plays a critical role in NAFLD management. In terms of dietary modifica-tion, Mediterranean diet is the most studied dietary pattern and is recommended in many guidelines, however, it may not be feasible and affordable for many patients. Recently, a ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting have gained public at-tention and have been studied in the role of weight manage-ment. This article reviews specifically whether these trendy dietary patterns have an effect on NAFLD outcomes regard-ing intrahepatic fat content, fibrosis, and liver enzymes, the scientific rationales behind these particular dietary patterns, as well as the safety concerns in some certain patient groups. © 2022 The Author(s).
Advance in metabolomics based research of polycystic ovary syndrome; The main characteristics of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are hyperandrogen, ovulation disorder, insulin resistance and obesity. However, its pathogenesis is not completely understood. Therefore, it is very important to study the metabolic pathways that may be related to PCOS and find its metabolic markers. The application of metabolomics provides a new direction for studying the pathogenesis of PCOS. It is a very valuable and developing technology that can discover new metabolites and explore potential biomarkers for endocrine and metabolic diseases. In addition, metabolomics technology can also improve the diagnosis and treatment of PCOS. This article aims to summarize the recent applications and research progress of metabolomics in PCOS, elaborating on metabolites and metabolic pathways. © 2022 Chinese Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Glucose Intolerance in Pregnancy and Offspring Obesity in Late Adolescence; OBJECTIVE Gestational hyperglycemia is associated with deleterious neonatal outcomes, but long-term risks for offspring obesity are less clear. We estimated the odds for offspring adolescent overweight and obesity among mothers with gestational glucose intolerance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a mother-offspring historical cohort, the Israel military conscription data set was linked to a large health maintenance organization. Included were women who were evaluated at adolescence and underwent two-step gestational diabetes screening (mean age, 31 years) with a 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT), fol-lowed by a 100-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) if the result was abnormal. Glucose tolerance categories included gestational normoglycemia, abnormal GCT with normal OGTT, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; one abnormal OGTT value), and gestational diabetes. The primary outcome was offspring overweight/obesity (BMI ‡85th percentile) at adolescence, measured prior to military conscription. Logistic regression models were applied. RESULTS Of 33,482 mother-offspring pairs, overweight and obesity were observed in 6,516 offspring. Across increasing categories of pregnancy glycemia, the propor-tions of offspring with adolescent overweight/obesity increased: normoglycemia, 19%; abnormal GCT with normal OGTT, 22%; gestational IGT, 24%; and gesta-tional diabetes, 25% (P < 0.0001). Corresponding odds ratios after adjustment for the mother’s late adolescent characteristics (sociodemographic confounders and BMI) and pregnancy age were 1.2 (95% CI 1.1–1.4), 1.3 (1.2–1.5), and 1.4 (1.3–1.6), respectively. Further adjustment for offspring birth weight percentile and sociodemographic variables did not materially change results. Associations were more pronounced with increasing obesity severity. CONCLUSIONS Gestational glucose intolerance, including categories not meeting the gestational diabetes threshold, was associated with increased odds for offspring over-weight/obesity at late adolescence. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
Interplay of retinol binding protein 4 with obesity and associated chronic alterations (Review); Obesity is a multifactorial disease, defined as excessive fat deposition in adipose tissue. Adipose tissue is responsible for the production and secretion of numerous adipokines that induce metabolic disorders. Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is an adipokine that transports vitamin A or retinol in the blood. High levels of RBP4 are associated with development of metabolic disease, including obesity, insulin resistance (IR), metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes (T2D). The present review summarizes the role of RBP4 in obesity and associated chronic alterations. Excessive synthesis of RBP4 contributes to inflammatory characteristic of obesity by activation of immune cells and release of proinflammatory cytokines, such as TNF∞ and ILs, via the Toll-like receptor/JNK pathway. The retinol-RBP4 complex inhibits insulin signaling directly in adipocytes by activating Janus kinase 2 (JAK2)/STAT5/suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 signaling. This mechanism is retinol-dependent and requires vitamin A receptor stimulation by retinoic acid 6 (STRA6). In muscle, RBP4 is associated with increased serine 307 phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-1, which decreases its affinity to PI3K and promotes IR. In the liver, RBP4 increases hepatic expression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, which increases production of glucose. Elevated serum RBP4 levels are associated with β-cell dysfunction in T2D via the STRA6/JAK2/STAT1/insulin gene enhancer protein 1 pathway. By contrast, RBP4 induces endothelial inflammation via the NF-κB/nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase pathway independently of retinol and STRA6, which stimulates expression of proinflammatory molecules, such as vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 and TNF∞. RBP4 promotes oxidative stress by decreasing endothelial mitochondrial function; overall, it may serve as a useful biomarker in the diagnosis of obesity and prognosis of associated disease, as well as a potential therapeutic target for treatment of these diseases. © 2022 Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Apolipoprotein D and transthyretin are reduced in female adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes: The EPICOM study; Aims: Adolescent offspring exposed to maternal diabetes during intrauterine life show a less favourable metabolic profile than the background population. Here, we hypothesize that offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (T1D), possess sex-specific alterations in the serum profile of proteins involved in lipid, metabolic and transport processes and that these alterations are associated with lipid profile and indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: A prospective nationwide follow-up study (EPICOM) in a Danish population. Blood samples were assessed from offspring of women with T1D (index offspring, n = 267, 13–20 years), and matched control offspring (n = 290). Serum proteins were analysed using a 25-plex cardio-metabolic targeted proteomics assay, which includes 12 apolipoproteins and 13 transport and inflammatory proteins. Results: Apolipoprotein D (ApoD) and transthyretin (TTR) were reduced in index females as compared to female controls (−8.1%, p < 0.001 and −6.1%, p = 0.006 respectively), but not in index males (2.2%, p = 0.476 and −2.4%, p = 0.731 respectively). Sex-dependent inverse associations between exposure to maternal T1D in utero and ApoD and TTR were significant after adjusting for age, BMI-SDS and Tanner stage (OR = 0.252 [95% CI 0.085, 0.745], p = 0.013 and OR = 0.149 [95% CI 0.040, 0.553], p = 0.004). ApoD correlated to indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion in a similar sex-specific pattern in crude and adjusted analyses. Conclusions: Low ApoD may be regarded as an early risk marker of metabolic syndrome. A possible link between ApoD and cardiovascular disease needs further investigation. © 2021 Diabetes UK.
Hypertriglyceridaemia: an update; Triglycerides (TGs) form part of the standard lipid profile. Elevations in TGs are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk through triglyceride-rich lipoprotein particles found as part of non-HDL cholesterol. Many elevations of TGs are secondary to other causes, but primary hypertriglyceridaemia syndromes need to be identified. The genetic causes of hypertriglyceridaemia range from familial combined hyperlipidaemia through the autosomal recessive remnant hyperlipidaemia (related to apolipoprotein E variants) and familial chylomicronaemia syndromes. Patients with primary hypertriglyceridaemia >10 mmol/L require characterisation and specific intervention. Simple lipid profiles do not provide adequate information for detailed diagnosis and additional assays such as apolipoprotein (apo)B 100, apoE genotype and next-generation sequencing may be useful. Management of raised TGs includes optimising diet, reducing exacerbating factors as well as lipid-lowering medications such as statins, fibrates, niacin and omega-3 fatty acids. Novel medications for orphan disease indications such as familial chylomicronaemia syndrome include volanesorsen, evinacumab and other antisense therapeutics. Extreme hypertriglyceridaemia syndromes, especially chylomicronaemia syndromes, which can be exposed by pregnancy or other factors are a medical emergency and require admission and specialist management sometimes including plasma exchange.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Ethanol Metabolism in the Liver, the Induction of Oxidant Stress, and the Antioxidant Defense System Ethanol Metabolism in the Liver, the Induction of Oxidant Stress, and the Antioxidant Defense System; The liver metabolizes ethanol through three enzymatic pathways: alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH), cytochrome p450 (also called MEOS), and catalase. Alcohol dehydrogenase class I (ADH1) is considered the most important enzyme for the metabolism of ethanol, MEOS and catalase (CAT) are considered minor alternative pathways. However, contradicting experiments suggest that the non-ADH1 pathway may have a greater relevance for the metabolism of ethanol than previously thought. In some conditions, ethanol is predominately metabolized to acetaldehyde via cytochrome P450 family 2 (CYP2E1), which is involved in the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), mainly through electron leakage to oxygen to form the superoxide (O2•−) radical or in catalyzed lipid peroxidation. The CAT activity can also participate in the ethanol metabolism that produces ROS via ethanol directly reacting with the CAT-H2O2 complex, producing acetaldehyde and water and depending on the H2O2 availability, which is the rate-limiting component in ethanol peroxidation. We have shown that CAT actively participates in lactate-stimulated liver ethanol oxidation, where the addition of lactate generates H2O2, which is used by CAT to oxidize ethanol to acetaldehyde. Therefore, besides its known role as a catalytic antioxidant component, the primary role of CAT could be to function in the metabolism of xenobiotics in the liver. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Noncoding RNA actions through IGFs and IGF binding proteins in cancer; The insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and their regulatory proteins—IGF receptors and binding proteins—are strongly implicated in cancer progression and modulate cell survival and proliferation, migration, angiogenesis and metastasis. By regulating the bioavailability of the type-1 IGF receptor (IGF1R) ligands, IGF-1 and IGF-2, the IGF binding proteins (IGFBP-1 to -6) play essential roles in cancer progression. IGFBPs also influence cell communications through pathways that are independent of IGF1R activation. Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs), which encompass a variety of RNA types including microRNAs (miRNAs) and long-noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), have roles in multiple oncogenic pathways, but their many points of intersection with IGF axis functions remain to be fully explored. This review examines the functional interactions of miRNAs and lncRNAs with IGFs and their binding proteins in cancer, and reveals how the IGF axis may mediate ncRNA actions that promote or suppress cancer. A better understanding of the links between ncRNA and IGF pathways may suggest new avenues for prognosis and therapeutic intervention in cancer. Further, by exploring examples of intersecting ncRNA-IGF pathways in non-cancer conditions, it is proposed that new opportunities for future discovery in cancer control may be generated. © 2022, The Author(s).
G Allele of the rs1801282 Polymorphism in PPARγ Gene Confers an Increased Risk of Obesity and Hypercholesterolemia, While T Allele of the rs3856806 Polymorphism Displays a Protective Role Against Dyslipidemia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: The relationships between the rs1801282 and rs3856806 polymorphisms in nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) gene and obesity indexes as well as serum lipid levels have been extensively investigated in various studies, but the results were inconsistent and even contradictory. Methods: PubMed, Google Scholar, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Wanfang, CNKI and VIP databases were searched for eligible studies. The random-effTPDEects model was used, and standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated to estimate the differences in obesity indexes and serum lipid levels between the subjects with different genotypes in a dominant model. Heterogeneity among studies was assessed by Cochran’s x2-based Q-statistic test. Publication bias was identified by using Begg’s test. Results: One hundred and twenty studies (70,317 subjects) and 33 studies (18,353 subjects) were identified in the analyses for the rs1801282 and rs3856806 polymorphisms, respectively. The G allele carriers of the rs1801282 polymorphism had higher levels of body mass index (SMD = 0.08 kg/m2, 95% CI = 0.04 to 0.12 kg/m2, p < 0.001), waist circumference (SMD = 0.12 cm, 95% CI = 0.06 to 0.18 cm, p < 0.001) and total cholesterol (SMD = 0.07 mmol/L, 95% CI = 0.02 to 0.11 mmol/L, p < 0.01) than the CC homozygotes. The T allele carriers of the rs3856806 polymorphism had lower levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (SMD = -0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI = -0.15 to -0.03 mmol/L, p < 0.01) and higher levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (SMD = 0.06 mmol/L, 95% CI = 0.02 to 0.10 mmol/L, p < 0.01) than the CC homozygotes. Conclusions: The meta-analysis suggests that the G allele of the rs1801282 polymorphism confers an increased risk of obesity and hypercholesterolemia, while the T allele of the rs3856806 polymorphism displays a protective role against dyslipidemia, which can partly explain the associations between these polymorphisms and cardiovascular disease. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier [CRD42022319347]. Copyright © 2022 Li, He, Nie, Pang, Wang, Zeng and Song.
New developments in the biology of fibroblast growth factors; The fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family is composed of 18 secreted signaling proteins consisting of canonical FGFs and endocrine FGFs that activate four receptor tyrosine kinases (FGFRs 1–4) and four intracellular proteins (intracellular FGFs or iFGFs) that primarily function to regulate the activity of voltage-gated sodium channels and other molecules. The canonical FGFs, endocrine FGFs, and iFGFs have been reviewed extensively by us and others. In this review, we briefly summarize past reviews and then focus on new developments in the FGF field since our last review in 2015. Some of the highlights in the past 6 years include the use of optogenetic tools, viral vectors, and inducible transgenes to experimentally modulate FGF signaling, the clinical use of small molecule FGFR inhibitors, an expanded understanding of endocrine FGF signaling, functions for FGF signaling in stem cell pluripotency and differentiation, roles for FGF signaling in tissue homeostasis and regeneration, a continuing elaboration of mechanisms of FGF signaling in development, and an expanding appreciation of roles for FGF signaling in neuropsychiatric diseases. This article is categorized under: Cardiovascular Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Neurological Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Congenital Diseases > Stem Cells and Development Cancer > Stem Cells and Development. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Recent Advances Regarding the Molecular Mechanisms of Triterpenic Acids: A Review (Part I); Triterpenic acids are phytocompounds with a widespread range of biological activities that have been the subject of numerous in vitro and in vivo studies. However, their underlying mechanisms of action in various pathologies are not completely elucidated. The current review aims to summarize the most recent literature, published in the last five years, regarding the mechanism of action of three triterpenic acids (asiatic acid, oleanolic acid, and ursolic acid), corelated with different biological activities such as anticancer, anti-inflammatory, antidiabetic, cardioprotective, neuroprotective, hepatoprotective, and antimicrobial. All three discussed compounds share several mechanisms of action, such as the targeted modulation of the PI3K/AKT, Nrf2, NF-kB, EMT, and JAK/STAT3 signaling pathways, while other mechanisms that proved to only be specific for a part of the triterpenic acids discussed, such as the modulation of Notch, Hippo, and MALAT1/miR-206/PTGS1 signaling pathway, were highlighted as well. This paper stands as the first part in our literature study on the topic, which will be followed by a second part focusing on other triterpenic acids of therapeutic value. © 2022 by the authors.
Factors early in life associated with hepatic steatosis; BACKGROUND The rise in prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) mirrors the obesity epidemic. NAFLD is insidious but may gradually progress from simple steatosis to steatohepatitis, fibrosis and cirrhosis and/or hepatocellular carcinoma. Intervention strategies to ameliorate developmental programming of NAFLD may be more efficacious during critical windows of developmental plasticity. AIM To review the early developmental factors associated with NAFLD. METHODS Databases MEDLINE via PubMed, and EMBASE and Reference Citation Analysis were searched and relevant publications up to April 30, 2021 were assessed. Original research studies that included risk factors associated with early development of NAFLD in human subjects were included. These factors include: Maternal factors, intrauterine and prenatal factors, post-natal factors, genetic and ethnic predisposition, childhood and adolescence environmental factors. Studies were excluded if they were review articles or animal studies, case reports or conference abstracts, or if NAFLD was not clearly defined and assessed radiologically. RESULTS Of 1530 citations identified by electronic search, 420 duplicates were removed. Of the 1110 citations screened from title and abstract, 80 articles were included in the final analysis. Genetic polymorphisms such as patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 (PNPLA3) and membrane-bound O-acyltransferase domain-containing protein 7 (MBOAT7) were associated with increased risk of NAFLD. Familial factors such as maternal obesogenic environment and parental history of hepatic steatosis was associated with offspring NAFLD. Longer duration of exclusive breastfeeding in infancy was associated with a lower risk of developing NAFLD later in life while metabolic dysfunction and/or obesity in adolescence was associated with increased risk of NAFLD. Studies relating to socioeconomic factors and its association with NAFLD reported confounding results. CONCLUSION Maternal metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy, being exclusively breastfed for a longer time postnatally, diet and physical activity in childhood and adolescence are potential areas of intervention to decrease risk of NAFLD © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved
The Role of Insulin Resistance in Fueling NAFLD Pathogenesis: From Molecular Mechanisms to Clinical Implications; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a predominant hepatopathy that is rapidly becoming the most common cause of hepatocellular carcinoma worldwide. The close association with metabolic syndrome’s extrahepatic components has suggested the nature of the systemic metabolic-related disorder based on the interplay between genetic, nutritional, and environmental factors, creating a complex network of yet-unclarified pathogenetic mechanisms in which the role of insulin resistance (IR) could be crucial. This review detailed the clinical and pathogenetic evidence involved in the NAFLD–IR relationship, presenting both the classic and more innovative models. In particular, we focused on the reciprocal effects of IR, oxidative stress, and systemic inflammation on insulin-sensitivity disruption in critical regions such as the hepatic and the adipose tissue, while considering the impact of genetics/epigenetics on the regulation of IR mechanisms as well as nutrients on specific insulin-related gene expression (nutrigenetics and nutrigenomics). In addition, we discussed the emerging capability of the gut microbiota to interfere with physiological signaling of the hormonal pathways responsible for maintaining metabolic homeostasis and by inducing an abnormal activation of the immune system. The translation of these novel findings into clinical practice could promote the expansion of accurate diagnostic/prognostic stratification tools and tailored pharmacological approaches. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Putative Role of Astaxanthin in Neuroinflammation Modulation: Mechanisms and Therapeutic Potential; Neuroinflammation is a protective mechanism against insults from exogenous pathogens and endogenous cellular debris and is essential for reestablishing homeostasis in the brain. However, excessive prolonged neuroinflammation inevitably leads to lesions and disease. The use of natural compounds targeting pathways involved in neuroinflammation remains a promising strategy for treating different neurological and neurodegenerative diseases. Astaxanthin, a natural xanthophyll carotenoid, is a well known antioxidant. Mounting evidence has revealed that astaxanthin is neuroprotective and has therapeutic potential by inhibiting neuroinflammation, however, its functional roles and underlying mechanisms in modulating neuroinflammation have not been systematically summarized. Hence, this review summarizes recent progress in this field and provides an update on the medical value of astaxanthin. Astaxanthin modulates neuroinflammation by alleviating oxidative stress, reducing the production of neuroinflammatory factors, inhibiting peripheral inflammation and maintaining the integrity of the blood-brain barrier. Mechanistically, astaxanthin scavenges radicals, triggers the Nrf2-induced activation of the antioxidant system, and suppresses the activation of the NF-κB and mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways. With its good biosafety and high bioavailability, astaxanthin has strong potential for modulating neuroinflammation, although some outstanding issues still require further investigation. Copyright © 2022 Wang and Qi.
Visit-to-Visit Fasting Glucose Variability in Young Adulthood and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Middle Age; Context: Diabetes has a bidirectional association with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and increases the risk of cirrhosis and related complications. Objective: To investigate the association between visit-to-visit fasting glucose (FG) variability in early adulthood and NAFLD in middle age. Methods: This prospective cohort study included 2467 Black and White adults aged 18 to 30 years at baseline (1985-1986) who were followed over 25 years in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study. FG variability measures included coefficient of variation about the mean FG (CV-FG), the SD of FG (SD-FG), and the average real variability of FG (ARV-FG) across 25 years (year 0, 7, 10, 15, 20, and 25 examinations). NAFLD was defined as liver attenuation ≤ 40 Hounsfield units on computed tomography scan at year 25 examination after excluding other causes of hepatic steatosis. Results: Of the 2467 participants, 241 (9.8%) had NAFLD at year 25. In multivariate analysis, the odds ratio for NAFLD was 2.80 (95% CI, 1.69-4.64; P trend < 0.001) for the fourth quartile vs first quartile of CV-FG after adjusting for confounding variables, including mean FG. Similar results were observed for SD-FG and ARV-FG. Conclusion: Greater visit-to-visit FG variability in early adulthood was associated with higher risk of NAFLD in middle age independent of mean FG level. FG variability may help identify individuals at high risk for NAFLD.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022.
Acylcarnitines: Nomenclature, Biomarkers, Therapeutic Potential, Drug Targets, and Clinical Trials; ——Acylcarnitines are fatty acid metabolites that play important roles in many cellular energy metabolism pathways. They have historically been used as important diagnostic markers for inborn errors of fatty acid oxidation and are being intensively studied as markers of energy metabolism, deficits in mitochondrial and peroxisomal b-oxidation activity, insulin resistance, and physical activity. Acylcarnitines are increasingly being identified as important indicators in metabolic studies of many diseases, including metabolic disorders, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, depression, neurologic disorders, and certain cancers. The US Food and Drug Admin-istration-approved drug L-carnitine, along with short-chain acylcarnitines (acetylcarnitine and propionylcarnitine), is now widely used as a dietary supplement. In light of their growing importance, we have undertaken an extensive review of acylcarnitines and provided a detailed description of their identity, nomenclature, classification, bio-chemistry, pathophysiology, supplementary use, potential drug targets, and clinical trials. We also summarize these updates in the Human Metabo- lome Database, which now includes information on the structures, chemical formulae, chemical/spectral properties, descriptions, and pathways for 1240 acylcarnitines. This work lays a solid foundation for identifying, characterizing, and understanding acylcarnitines in human biosamples. We also discuss the emerging opportunities for using acylcarnitines as biomarkers and as dietary interventions or supplements for many wide-ranging indications. The opportunity to identify new drug targets involved in controlling acylcarnitine levels is also discussed. Significance Statement——This review provides a comprehensive overview of acylcarnitines, including their nomenclature, structure and biochemistry, and use as disease biomarkers and pharmaceutical agents. We present updated information contained in the Human Metabolome Database website as well as substantial mapping of the known biochemical pathways associated with acylcarnitines, thereby providing a strong foundation for further clarification of their physiological roles. © 2022 by The Author(s).
Molecular Basis of Irisin Regulating the Effects of Exercise on Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance is recognized as one major feature of metabolic syndrome, and frequently emerges as a difficult problem encountered during long-term pharmacological treatment of diabetes. Insulin resistance often causes organs or tissues, such as skeletal muscle, adipose, and liver, to become less responsive or resistant to insulin. Exercise can promote the physiological function of those organs and tissues and benefits insulin action via increasing insulin receptor sensitivity, glucose uptake, and mitochondrial function. This is done by decreasing adipose tissue deposition, inflammatory cytokines, and oxidative stress. However, understanding the mechanism that regulates the interaction between exercise and insulin function becomes a challenging task. As a novel myokine, irisin is activated by exercise, released from the muscle, and affects multi-organ functions. Recent evidence indicates that it can promote glucose uptake, improve mitochondrial function, alleviate obesity, and decrease inflammation, as a result leading to the improvement of insulin action. We here will review the current evidence concerning the signaling pathways by which irisin regulates the effect of exercise on the up-regulation of insulin action in humans and animals. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Therapeutic Potential of MgO and MnO Nanoparticles Within the Context of Thyroid Profile and Pancreatic Histology in a Diabetic Rat Model; Magnesium oxide (MgO) and manganese oxide (MnO) have been reported to be effective against Diabetes Mellitus (DM). However, their nanoparticulate form has not been evaluated for antidiabetic effect. MgO and MnO nanoparticles (15–35 nm) were synthesized and subsequently characterized by ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy (UV-VIS), zeta sizer, and scanning electron microscopy. 6–7 weeks old rats weighing 200–220 mg were divided into 07 equal groups (n = 8), namely, negative control (NC), positive control (PC), standard control (Std-C), MgO high dose group (MgO-300) and low dose group (MgO-150), and MnO nanoparticle high dose (MnO-30) and low dose group (MnO-15). Diabetes was chemically induced (streptozotocin 60 mg/kg B.W) in all groups except the NC. Animals were given CMD and water was ad libitum. Nanoparticles were supplemented for 30 days after the successful induction of diabetes. Blood and tissue samples were collected after the 30th day of the trial. The mean serum glucose, insulin, and glucagon levels were improved maximally in the MgO-300 group followed by MgO-150 and MnO-30 groups. Whereas the MnO-15 group fails to show any substantial improvement in the levels of glucose, insulin, and glucagon as compared to the positive control group. Interesting the serum triiodothyronine, thyroxine, and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels were markedly improved in all the nanoparticle treatment groups and were found to be similar to the standard control group. These results highlight the modulatory properties of MgO and MnO nanoparticles and merit further studies delineating the molecular mechanisms through which these nanoparticles induce antidiabetic effects. © The Author(s) 2022.
The Endocannabinoids-Microbiota Partnership in Gut-Brain Axis Homeostasis: Implications for Autism Spectrum Disorders; The latest years have witnessed a growing interest towards the relationship between neuropsychiatric disease in children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and severe alterations in gut microbiota composition. In parallel, an increasing literature has focused the attention towards the association between derangement of the endocannabinoids machinery and some mechanisms and symptoms identified in ASD pathophysiology, such as alteration of neural development, immune system dysfunction, defective social interaction and stereotypic behavior. In this narrative review, we put together the vast ground of endocannabinoids and their partnership with gut microbiota, pursuing the hypothesis that the crosstalk between these two complex homeostatic systems (bioactive lipid mediators, receptors, biosynthetic and hydrolytic enzymes and the entire bacterial gut ecosystem, signaling molecules, metabolites and short chain fatty acids) may disclose new ideas and functional connections for the development of synergic treatments combining “gut-therapy,” nutritional intervention and pharmacological approaches. The two separate domains of the literature have been examined looking for all the plausible (and so far known) overlapping points, describing the mutual changes induced by acting either on the endocannabinoid system or on gut bacteria population and their relevance for the understanding of ASD pathophysiology. Both human pathology and symptoms relief in ASD subjects, as well as multiple ASD-like animal models, have been taken into consideration in order to provide evidence of the relevance of the endocannabinoids-microbiota crosstalk in this major neurodevelopmental disorder. Copyright © 2022 Coccurello, Marrone and Maccarrone.
Novel insights into the pathological development of dyslipidemia in patients with hypothyroidism; According to the previous reports, hypothyroidism has been shown to be strongly correlated with increased circulating concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides. Notably, thyroid hormones are confirmed to modulate the production, clear-ance, and transformation process of cholesterol within circulation of mammals. Moreover, emerging evidence suggests that the thyroid-stim-ulating hormone could also participate in modulating serum lipid metabolism independently of thyroid hormones, which further induces the pathological development of dyslipidemia. However, the underlying mechanism is still not fully elucidated. Recently, several research studies have demonstrated that the pathogenic progression of hypothyroidism-related dyslipidemia might be correlated with the decreased serum concentrations of thyroid hormones and the increased serum concentrations of thyroid-stimulating hormones. Thus, this indicates that hypo-thyroidism could induce dyslipidemia and its related cardio-metabolic disorder diseases. In addition, several newly identified modulatory bio-markers, such as proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, angiopoietin-like protein, and fibroblast growth factors, might play an important role in the regulation of dyslipidemia induced by hypothyroidism. Furthermore, under the status of hypothyroidism, significantly dysfunctional HDL particles could also be observed. In the current review, we summarized the recent knowledge of the relationship between the developments of hypothyroidism with dyslipidemia. We also discussed the updated understanding of the mechanisms whereby hypothyroidism induces the risk and the development of dyslipidemia and cardio-metabolic diseases. © The Author(s) (2022).
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the impact of genetic, epigenetic and environmental factors in the offspring; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease worldwide and is strongly associated with metabolic deregulation. More recently, a significant impact of parental NAFLD in the offspring was demonstrated and has been widely discussed. However, pathogenetic pathways implicated in the inheritance by the offspring and relatives are still under debate. Probably, multiple mechanisms are involved as well as in NAFLD pathogenesis itself. Among the multifactorial involved mechanisms, genetic, epigenetic and environmental backgrounds are strongly related to NAFLD development in the offspring. Thus, based on recent evidence from the available literature concerning genetic, epigenetic and environmental disease modifiers, this review aimed to discuss the relationship between parental NAFLD and its impact on the offspring. © 2022 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Left ventricular strain predicts subclinical atherosclerosis in nonadvanced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease patients; Objectives The association between nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and carotid atherosclerosis is still controversial. The present study was designed to assess the relationship between left ventricular systolic mechanics, noninvasively assessed by two-dimensional (2D) speckle-tracking echocardiography (STE) and common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT), in patients with nonadvanced NAFLD. Methods All consecutive NAFLD patients diagnosed with liver stiffness measurement (LSM) <12.5 kPa on transient elastography between September 2021 and December 2021 were prospectively enrolled. All participants underwent blood tests, transient elastography, 2D transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE analysis of left ventricular (LV) global longitudinal strain (GLS) and finally carotid ultrasonography. Main independent predictors of subclinical atherosclerosis, defined as CCA-IMT >0. 9 mm, were evaluated. Results A total of 92 NAFLD patients (54.0 ± 11.1 years, 50% males) were prospectively analyzed. Mean LSM was 6.2 ± 2.4 kPa. FibroScan results revealed that 76.1% of patients had F0-F1, 5.4% F2 and 18.5% F3 liver fibrosis. Despite normal biventricular systolic function on 2D-TTE, LV-GLS was reduced (less negative than -20%) in 64.1% of patients. However, 62.0% of NAFLD patients were found with CCA-IMT >0. 9 mm. Age [odds ratio (OR),1.19; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.05-1.36], hypertension (OR, 3.73; 95% CI, 1.53-9.11), LSM (OR, 4.83; 95% CI, 2.43-9.59), LV-GLS (OR, 0.49; 95% CI, 0.36-0.68) and statin therapy (OR, 0.10; 95% CI, 0.02-0.60) were independently associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Age ≥51 years, LSM ≥5.5 kPa and LV-GLS less negative than -20% were the best cutoff values for predicting subclinical atherosclerosis. Conclusions Subclinical myocardial dysfunction and subclinical atherosclerosis are simultaneously present in patients with nonadvanced NAFLD. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Plasma Metabolomic Signature of Early Abuse in Middle-Aged Women; Objective Metabolomic profiling may provide insights into biological mechanisms underlying the strong epidemiologic links observed between early abuse and cardiometabolic disorders in later life. Methods We examined the associations between early abuse and midlife plasma metabolites in two nonoverlapping subsamples from the Nurses' Health Study II, comprising 803 (mean age = 40 years) and 211 women (mean age = 61 years). Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry assays were used to measure metabolomic profiles, with 283 metabolites consistently measured in both subsamples. Physical and sexual abuse before age 18 years was retrospectively assessed by validated questions integrating type/frequency of abuse. Analyses were conducted in each sample and pooled using meta-analysis, with multiple testing adjustment using the q value approach for controlling the positive false discovery rate. Results After adjusting for age, race, menopausal status, body size at age 5 years, and childhood socioeconomic indicators, more severe early abuse was consistently associated with five metabolites at midlife (q value < 0.20 in both samples), including lower levels of serotonin and C38:3 phosphatidylethanolamine plasmalogen and higher levels of alanine, proline, and C40:6 phosphatidylethanolamine. Other metabolites potentially associated with early abuse (q value < 0.05 in the meta-analysis) included triglycerides, phosphatidylcholine plasmalogens, bile acids, tyrosine, glutamate, and cotinine. The association between early abuse and midlife metabolomic profiles was partly mediated by adulthood body mass index (32% mediated) and psychosocial distress (13%-26% mediated), but not by other life-style factors. Conclusions Early abuse was associated with distinct metabolomic profiles of multiple amino acids and lipids in middle-aged women. Body mass index and psychosocial factors in adulthood may be important intermediates for the observed association.  © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
One-hour post-load glucose is associated with severity of hepatic fibrosis Risk; Aim: Individuals with high 1-hour post-load glucose (1-h PG > 155 mg/dl; 8.6 mmol/l) during an oral glucose tolerance test are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular complications, hepatic steatosis, and mortality. However, the clinical relevance of 1-h PG for the severity of hepatic fibrosis risk remains undefined. Methods: Cross-sectional data of the CATAMERI study (n = 2335) were analyzed. Participants underwent anthropometric measurements, liver enzyme determinations, cardiometabolic profiling, and a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test, including fasting, 1-h and 2-h PG determinations and measurement of FIB-4 score to assess degree of hepatic fibrosis. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate risk of advanced hepatic fibrosis with worsening glycemic status. Results: We stratified the study group into 6 categories based on glycemic status: normal glucose tolerance (NGT) 1h-PG Low, NGT 1h-PG High, iIFG 1h-PG Low, iIFG 1h-PG High, IGT, and newly detected T2D. Anthropometric and cardiometabolic profiles worsened gradually with glycemic status. Moreover, compared to NGT-1h-PG Low group, worsening glycemic status was significantly associated with the severity of fibrosis, independent of other significant clinical risk factors. Conclusions: 1-PG is a valuable tool for stratifying subjects with NGT or IFG at heightened risk of hepatic fibrosis requiring further evaluation with elastography. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Maternal Pyrroloquinoline Quinone Supplementation Improves Offspring Liver Bioactive Lipid Profiles throughout the Lifespan and Protects against the Development of Adult NAFLD; Maternal obesity and consumption of a high-fat diet significantly elevate risk for pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), affecting 10% of children in the US. Almost half of these children are diagnosed with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), a leading etiology for liver transplant. Animal models show that signs of liver injury and perturbed lipid metabolism associated with NAFLD begin in utero; however, safe dietary therapeutics to blunt developmental programming of NAFLD are unavailable. Using a mouse model of maternal Western-style diet (WD), we previously showed that pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ), a potent dietary antioxidant, protected offspring of WD-fed dams from development of NAFLD and NASH. Here, we used untargeted mass spectrometry-based lipidomics to delineate lipotoxic effects of WD on offspring liver and identify lipid targets of PQQ. PQQ exposure during pregnancy altered hepatic lipid profiles of WD-exposed offspring, upregulating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) α signaling and mito-chondrial fatty acid oxidation to markedly attenuate triglyceride accumulation beginning in utero. Surprisingly, the abundance of very long-chain ceramides, important in promoting gut barrier and hepatic function, was significantly elevated in PQQ-treated offspring. PQQ exposure reduced the hepatic phosphatidylcholine/phosphatidylethanolamine (PC/PE) ratio in WD-fed offspring and improved glucose tolerance. Notably, levels of protective n − 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were elevated in offspring exposed to PQQ, beginning in utero, and the increase in n − 3 PUFAs persisted into adulthood. Our findings suggest that PQQ supplementation during gestation and lactation augments pathways involved in the biosynthesis of long-chain fatty acids and plays a unique role in modifying specific bioactive lipid species critical for protection against NAFLD risk in later life. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metabolome Alterations Linking Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Intake with Dyslipidemia in Youth: The Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among CHildren (EPOCH) Study; The objective of this study was to assess intermediary metabolic alterations that link sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) intake to cardiometabolic (CM) risk factors in youth. A total of 597 participants from the multi-ethnic, longitudinal Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among CHildren (EPOCH) Study were followed in childhood (median 10 yrs) and adolescence (median 16 yrs). We used a multi-step approach: first, mixed models were used to examine the associations of SSB intake in childhood with CM measures across childhood and adolescence, which revealed a positive association between SSB intake and fasting triglycerides (β (95% CI) for the highest vs. lowest SSB quartile: 8.1 (−0.9,17.0); p-trend = 0.057). Second, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression was used to select 180 metabolite features (out of 767 features assessed by untargeted metabolomics) that were associated with SSB intake in childhood. Finally, 13 of these SSB-associated metabolites (from step two) were also prospectively associated with triglycerides across follow-up (from step one) in the same direction as with SSB intake (Bonferroni-adj. p < 0.0003). All annotated compounds were lipids, particularly dicarboxylated fatty acids, mono-and diacylglycerols, and phospholipids. In this diverse cohort, we identified a panel of lipid metabolites that may serve as intermediary biomarkers, linking SSB intake to dyslipidemia risk in youth. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Dietary Improvement during Lactation Normalizes miR-26a, miR-222 and miR-484 Levels in the Mammary Gland, but Not in Milk, of Diet-Induced Obese Rats; We aimed to evaluate in rats whether the levels of specific miRNA are altered in the mammary gland (MG) and milk of diet-induced obese dams, and whether improving maternal nutrition during lactation attenuates such alterations. Dams fed with a standard diet (SD) (control group), with a Western diet (WD) prior to and during gestation and lactation (WD group), or with WD prior to and during gestation but moved to SD during lactation (Rev group) were followed. The WD group showed higher miR-26a, miR-222 and miR-484 levels than the controls in the MG, but the miRNA profile in Rev animals was not different from those of the controls. The WD group also displayed higher miR-125a levels than the Rev group. Dams of the WD group, but not the Rev group, displayed lower mRNA expression levels of Rbl (miR-26a's target) and Elovl6 (miR-125a's target) than the controls in the MG. The WD group also presented lower expression of Insigl (miR-26a's target) and Cxcr4 (miR-222's target) than the Rev group. However, both WD and Rev animals displayed lower expression of Vegfa (miR-484's target) than the controls. WD animals also showed greater miR-26a, miR-125a and miR-222 levels in the milk than the controls, but no differences were found between the WD and Rev groups. Thus, implementation of a healthy diet during lactation normalizes the expression levels of specific miRNAs and some target genes in the MG of diet-induced obese dams but not in milk. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Organokines in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Critical Review; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a systemic autoimmune disease that primarily affects the joints. Organokines can produce beneficial or harmful effects in this condition. Among RA patients, organokines have been associated with increased inflammation and cartilage degradation due to augmented cytokines and metalloproteinases production, respectively. This study aimed to perform a review to investigate the role of adipokines, osteokines, myokines, and hepatokines on RA progression. PubMed, Embase, Google Scholar, and Cochrane were searched, and 18 studies were selected, comprising more than 17,000 RA patients. Changes in the pattern of organokines secretion were identified, and these could directly or indirectly contribute to aggravating RA, promoting articular alterations, and predicting the disease activity. In addition, organokines have been implicated in higher radiographic damage, immune dysregulation, and angiogenesis. These can also act as RA potent regulators of cells proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis, controlling osteoclasts, chondrocytes, and fibroblasts as well as immune cells chemotaxis to RA sites. Although much is already known, much more is still unknown, principally about the roles of organokines in the occurrence of RA extra-articular manifestations. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Targeting Thyroid Hormone/Thyroid Hormone Receptor Axis: An Attractive Therapy Strategy in Liver Diseases; Thyroid hormone/thyroid hormone receptor (TH/TR) axis is characterized by TH with the assistance of plasma membrane transporters to combine with TR and mediate biological activities. Growing evidence suggests that TH/TR participates in plenty of hepatic metabolism. Thus, this review focuses on the role of the TH/TR axis in the liver diseases. To be specific, the TH/TR axis may improve metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, hepatitis, liver fibrosis, and liver injury while exacerbating the progression of acute liver failure and alcoholic liver disease. Also, the TH/TR axis has paradoxical roles in hepatocellular carcinoma. The TH/TR axis may be a prospecting target to cure hepatic diseases. Copyright © 2022 Tang, Zeng, Chen and Fu.
Fatty Liver Index is a valid predictor of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy; Background Despite the evidence for adverse pregnancy outcomes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is not routinely addressed in early pregnancy. The Fatty Liver Index (FLI) has been proposed as a screening tool for NAFLD in the general population. We aim to develop mathematical models for predicting NAFLD in pregnancy and validate the FLI for first-trimester pregnant women. Methods Biochemical and biophysical parameters were analysed in pregnant women with period of gestation <12 weeks was done among Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort, Sri Lanka. Fatty liver was graded as (FLG) 0, I or II by ultrasound scan. Binary logistic regression models were employed to identify the factors predicting FLG-II. Six FLIs were developed to predict FLG-II. Validity of the FLIs was compared using the receiver operating characteristic curves. Results The study sample consisted of 632 pregnant women with a mean age of 28.8 years (SD: 5.8 years). Age (OR: 1.6, 95% CI 1.1 to 2.3), body mass index (OR: 1.7, 95% CI 1.1 to 2.5) and gamma-glutamyl transferase levels (OR: 2.1, 95% CI 1.5 to 3.0) were the independent predictors of FLG-II. While the model with liver enzymes provided the best prediction of NAFLD (both FLG I and II) (area under the curve [(AUC]):-0.734), the highest AUC (0.84) for predicting FLG-II was observed with the full model (model with all parameters). The proposed budget model (AUC >0.81) is the best model for screening fatty liver in community health setup. Conclusion FLIs could be used as screening tools for NAFLD based on resource availability in different settings. External validation of the FLI and further investigation of the proposed FLI as a predictor of adverse pregnancy outcomes are recommended.  © 2022 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Influence of maternal obesity on the multi-omics profiles of the maternal body, gestational tissue, and offspring; Epidemiological studies show that obesity during pregnancy affects more than half of the pregnancies in the developed countries and is associated with obstetric problems and poor outcomes. Obesity tends to increase the incidence of complications. Furthermore, the resulting offspring are also adversely affected. However, the molecular mechanisms of obesity leading to poor pregnancy outcomes remain unclear. Omics methods are used for genetic diagnosis and marker discovery. The aim of this review was to summarize the maternal and fetal pathophysiological alterations induced by gestational obesity,identified using multi-omics detection techniques, and to generalize the biological functions and potential mechanisms of the differentially expressed molecules. © 2022 The Authors
A national study of pregnancy-related maternal and fetal outcomes in women with inflammatory bowel disease; Background and aims: The incidence of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) among women is highest during their reproductive years and current estimates suggest that the rate of conception is low in female IBD patients. The aim of our study was to assess the burden of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes among female IBD patients. Methods: Using the national inpatient sample database from 2016 to 2018, we recruited all female patients above the age of 15 years admitted with a primary diagnosis of pregnancy and a secondary diagnosis of IBD. We adjusted our results for hospital and patient level variables including age, race, socioeconomic status, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity, smoking, hyperlipidemia, alcohol use, and malnutrition. Multivariable regression analysis was used for analysis. Results: Pregnant women with IBD had greater odds of gestational diabetes (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 1.55, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04–2.3, p 0.02), hypertensive complications (AOR 1.35, 95% CI 1.06–1.72, p 0.01), and pre-term delivery (AOR, 1.41 95% CI 1.13–1.76, p 0.003). Pregnancies with co-existent IBD were associated with fetal growth restriction (AOR 1.27, 95% CI 1–1.63, p 0.04) and fetal death (AOR 3.21, 95% CI 1.72–6.00, p < 0.01). Odds of experiencing postpartum hemorrhage or large for gestational age infant were comparable to general population. Crohn’s disease was independently associated with increased odds of worse maternal and fetal outcome. IBD patients had increased mean length of stay by 0.14 days and increased mean hospital charges of $2741. Conclusions: Women with IBD had greater likelihood of poor maternal and fetal outcomes and increased hospital resource utilization. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Altered Lipid Metabolism in Obese Women With Gestational Diabetes and Associations With Offspring Adiposity; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) affects 20 million women/year worldwide and is associated with childhood obesity. Infants of affected mothers have increased adiposity from birth, which leads to obesity in later life. However, it remains unknown whether the effect of GDM upon neonatal body composition is due to hyperglycemia alone or is mediated by other pathways. Objective: To investigate plasma lipid profiles in obese women according to GDM diagnosis, infant birthweight percentiles, and adiposity. Design: Prospective cohort from UPBEAT trial (ISRCTN 89971375). Setting: Hospital and community. Patients: 867 obese pregnant women recruited in early pregnancy, assessed at 28 weeks for GDM. Offspring anthropometry was assessed at birth. Outcome (Prespecified): Neonatal birth percentile and abdominal circumference. Methods: Lipidomic profiling in the fasting plasma oral glucose tolerance test sample using direct infusion mass spectrometry. Analysis included logistic/linear regression, unadjusted and adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, parity, ethnicity, UPBEAT trial arm, and fetal sex. The limit of significance was P=0.05 for offspring anthropometry and P=0.002 for lipidomic data. Results: GDM in obese women was associated with elevated plasma concentrations of specific diglycerides [DG(32:0)] and triglycerides [TG(48:0), (50:1), (50:2)] containing fatty acids (16:0), (16:1), (18:0), and (18:1), consistent with increased de novo lipogenesis. In the whole cohort, these species were associated with birthweight percentile and neonatal abdominal circumference. Effects upon infant abdominal circumference remained significant after adjustment for maternal glycemia. Conclusions: Increased de novo lipogenesis-related species in pregnant women with obesity and GDM are associated with measures of offspring adiposity and may be a target for improving lifelong health.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Large Yellow Tea Extract Ameliorates Metabolic Syndrome by Suppressing Lipogenesis through SIRT6/SREBP1 Pathway and Modulating Microbiota in Leptin Receptor Knockout Rats; Metabolic syndrome is a chronic metabolic disorder that has turned into a severe health problem worldwide. A previous study reported that large yellow tea exhibited better anti-diabetic and lipid-lowering effects than green tea. Nevertheless, the potential mechanisms are not yet understood. In this study, we examined the prevention effects and mechanisms of large yellow tea water extract (LWE) on metabolic syndrome using leptin receptor knockout (Lepr−/−) rats. Seven-week-old male Lepr−/− and wild type (WT) littermate rats were divided into Lepr−/− control group (KO) (n = 5), Lepr−/− with LWE-treated group (KL) (n = 5), WT control group (WT) (n = 6), and WT with LWE intervention group (WL) (n = 6). Then, the rats were administered water or LWE (700 mg/kg BW) daily by oral gavage for 24 weeks, respectively. The results showed that the administration of LWE significantly reduced the serum concentrations of random blood glucose, total cholesterol, triglyceride, and free fatty acids, and increased glucose tolerance in Lepr−/− rats. Moreover, LWE remarkably reduced hepatic lipid accumulation and alleviated fatty liver formation in Lepr−/− rats. A mechanistic study showed that LWE obviously activated SIRT6 and decreased the expression of key lipogenesis-related molecules SREBP1, FAS, and DGAT1 in the livers of Lepr−/− rats. Furthermore, LWE significantly improved microbiota dysbiosis via an increase in gut microbiota diversity and an abundance of the microbiota that produce short chain fatty acids (SCFAs), such as Ruminococcaceae, Faecalibaculum, Intestinimonas, and Alistipes. Finally, LWE supplementation increased the concentrations of SCFAs in the feces of Lepr−/− rats. These results revealed that LWE attenuated metabolic syndrome of Lepr−/− rats via the reduction of hepatic lipid synthesis through the SIRT6/SREBP1 pathway and the modulation of gut microbiota. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between increased abdominal circumference and secondary dyslipidemia or insulin resistance in obese adolescents; Aim: Objective: To determine the association between increased abdominal circumference and secondary dyslipidemia or insulin resistance in obese adolescents treated at the National Institute of Child Health (INSN). Method: Analytical, cross-sectional and retrospective study. Anthropometric data are expressed in standard deviations (SD) and biochemical data according to reference ranges. To demonstrate an association between increased abdominal circumference (AC) and secondary dyslipidemia or insulin resistance, the Pearson Chi 2 test was used, with a significance level of less than 0.05. To assess the correlation between the CA and CA/height indicators with the various parameters, a multiple regression model was performed (p<0.05). Results: 181 cases (52.5% males) were admitted; average of 12.1 years; 22.1% prepubertal and 77.9% pubertal. The mean SD-BMI was 2.7 (2.0 - 4.9) and 25.9% had severe obesity. AC was increased by 89.5%. AC was more associated with dyslipidemia than BMI (p = 0.05) but less than the AC/height indicator (p = 0.02). The indicators CA and CA/height showed a positive correlation with high levels of insulin and HOMA-IR (p<0.05); while estimated values of coefficients under multiple regression model, showed significance with insulin, HOMA-IR and TGP; and, significant prediction for basal glycemia in prepubertal children (p<0.05). Conclusions: Abdominal obesity was predominant, more than half had dyslipidemia, there was no statistically significant association between WC and dyslipidemia, but there was between WC and WC/height with high levels of basal glycemia, insulin, HOMA-IR and TGP. © 2022 Authors. All rights reserved.
The Gut Mycobiome Characterization of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Association With Dietary Intervention; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a high-risk pregnancy complication that is associated with metabolic disorder phenotypes, such as abnormal blood glucose and obesity. The active interface between gut microbiota and diet contributes to metabolic homeostasis in GDM. However, the contributions of gut mycobiome have been neglected. Here, we profiled the gut fungi between GDM and healthy subjects at two time points and investigate whether variations in gut mycobiome correlate with key features of host metabolism and diet management in this observational study. We identified that Hanseniaspora, Torulaspora, Auricularia, Alternaria, and Candida contributed to GDM patient clustering, indicating that these fungal taxa are associated with abnormal blood glucose levels, and the causality needs to be further explored. While Penicillium, Ganoderma, Fusarium, Chaetomium, and Heterobasidion had significant explanatory effects on healthy subject clustering. In addition, spearman analysis further indicated that blood glucose levels were negatively correlated with polysaccharide-producing genera, Ganoderma, which could be reshaped by the short-term diet. The Penicillium which was negatively correlates with metabolic parameters, also exhibited the antimicrobial attribute by the fungal-bacterial interaction analysis. These data suggest that host metabolic homeostasis in GDM may be influenced by variability in the mycobiome and could be reshaped by the diet intervention. This work reveals the potential significance of the gut mycobiome in health and has implications for the beneficial effects of diet intervention on host metabolic homeostasis through regulating gut fungal abundance and metabolites. Copyright © 2022 Wu, Mo, Mu, Liu, Liu and Yu.
Impacts of saxagliptin on intestinal flora in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 dabetes mellitus; Objective To explore the effects of saxagliptin on glucolipid metabolism, islet p-cell function and intestinal flora in newly diagnosed patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods Twenty-three inpatients with newly diagnosed T2DM in the Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical University from March 2018 to December 2019 were selected, and 11 healthy persons of physical examination were served as the control group at the same period. The T2DM patients were randomly divided into metformin group(/i = 11) and saxagliptin group(72= 12) after being treated with insulin pump. Blood and fecal samples were collected before and after 12 weeks of treatment to observe the changes of blood glucose, blood lipid and islet p-eell function. Intestinal flora was analyzed and determined using 16S rRNA high-throughput sequencing technology. Results After 12 weeks of treatment, blood glucose levels, blood lipid and islet |3-cell function were significantly improved compared with those before treatment (P < 0. 05). The a diversity of bacterial flora in both groups decreased before treatment and increased after treatment (P<0.05). In saxagliptin group, the abundances of Bacteroidetes and Romboutsia increased after treatment (P<0.05), and Firmicutes decreased by about one third. Compared with metformin group after treatment, the abundances of Phascolarctobacterium, Coprococcus, Lachnospiraceae_UCG-010 and Desulfovibrio decreased significantly in saxagliptin group (P< 0.05). Heatmap analysis showed that the abundances of Phascolarctobacterium, Prevotella and Parabacteroides were negatively correlated with HOMA-IR(r= -0.121, -0.656, -0.636, P<0.05); Ruminococcus abundance was positively correlated with FPG and Prevotella abundance was positively correlated with HbA lc(r= 0.670, 0.621, P<0.05), while Akkermansia abundance was negatively correlated with FPG and Romboutsia abundance was negatively correlated with 2 hPG (r = - 0. 711, -0.615, P<0.05). Conclusion Saxagliptin can regulate the intestinal flora, reduce the levels of blood glucose and blood lipids and improve the function of islet (3-cell in T2DM patients. © 2023 Chinese Journal of Experimental Traditional Medical Formulae. All rights reserved.
Nutraceuticals and Natural-Product Derivatives for Disease Prevention; Nutraceuticals are natural dietary compounds that have been shown to be effective in the treatment of diseases or in preventive medicines. Many foods and dietary supplements are rich in phytochemicals that confer protection against different diseases. The aim of this chapter is to update the latest evidence on the use of nutraceuticals and natural-product derivatives (plant and animal origin and vitamins) in the prevention and treatment of diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular, neurodegenerative, obesity, inflammation, and microbial diseases. Further, the elaborate mechanisms of action of the active substances in the nutraceuticals responsible for its preventive and therapeutic action are discussed. which and enhancing human health and well-being. Nutraceuticals and natural-product derivatives can serve as efficient tools for enhancing the health and well-being of mankind. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Lipid metabolism is dysregulated in a mouse model of diabetes; Much evidence for diabetes mellitus being associated with dysregulated lipid metabolism has been accrued from studies using blood plasma. However, the systemic dysregulation these results point to is not understood. This study used Lipid Traffic Analysis on data from a mouse model of diabetes to test the hypothesis that the systemic control of lipid metabolism differed in a model of diabetes. This provided eidence for changes in the systemic control of both triglyceride and phospholipid metabolism that were not attributable to dietary intake. This supports the conclusion that diabetes is a systemic condition associated with dysregulated lipid metabolism through several pathways. © 2022, The Author(s).
Increased gut serotonin production in response to bisphenol A structural analogs may contribute to their obesogenic effects; Obesogens are synthetic, environmental chemicals that can disrupt endocrine control of metabolism and contribute to the risk of obesity and metabolic disease. Bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the most studied obesogens. There is considerable evidence that BPA exposure is associated with weight gain, increased adiposity, poor blood glucose control, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in animal models and human populations. Increased usage of structural analogs of BPA has occurred in response to legislation banning their use in some commercial products. However, BPA analogs may also cause some of the same metabolic impairments because of common mechanisms of action. One key effector that is altered by BPA and its analogs is serotonin, however, it is unknown if BPA-induced changes in peripheral serotonin pathways underlie metabolic perturbations seen with BPA exposure. Upon ingestion, BPA and its analogs act as endocrine-disrupting chemicals in the gastrointestinal tract to influence serotonin production by the gut, where over 95% of serotonin is produced. The purpose of this review is to evaluate how BPA and its analogs alter gut serotonin regulation and then discuss how disruption of serotonergic networks influences host metabolism. We also provide evidence that BPA and its analogs enhance serotonin production in gut enterochromaffin cells. Taken together, we propose that BPA and many BPA analogs represent endocrine-disrupting chemicals that can influence host metabolism through the endogenous production of gut-derived factors, such as serotonin. Copyright © 2022 the American Physiological Society
Effect of metformin on liver vitamin B12 in high-fat diet-induced obese mice and relationship between vitamin B12 and glucose and lipid metabolism; AIM: To investigate whether metformin （Met） affects serum and liver vitamin B12 levels in C57BL/6J mice fed with high-fat diet （HFD）， and the correlation between vitamin B12 level and metabolic phenotypes. METHODS: Male C57BL/6J mice aged 7 to 8 weeks were fed with HFD for 12 weeks to establish an obese mouse model，and mice fed with chow diet （CD） were used as control group. The mice in each group were further divided into 2 groups: those in one group drunk water with Met at a dose of 250 mg·kg−1·d−1 for 4 weeks，and those in the other group drunk normal water as control. Namely the mice were randomly divided into 4 groups: CD group，CD Met group，HFD group and HFD Met group，with 5 mice in each group. During the dietary intervention，body weight and fasting blood glucose were measured. At the end of intervention，the mice were sacrificed and tissues were collected. Triglyceride （TG），total cholesterol （TC） and vitamin B12 levels in serum and liver were measured. Liver HE and oil red O staining were conducted. RESULTS: （1） Compared with CD group，body weight，and serum and liver lipid profiles in HFD group increased significantly，and liver histological observation results showed that lipid deposition was aggravated. （2） Compared with HFD group，body weight，liver TG and liver TC decreased significantly in HFD Met group，and liver histological observation results showed that lipid deposition was alleviated. （3） There was no significant difference in serum vitamin B12 levels among the 4 groups，but liver vitamin B12 levels showed significant reduction in HFD Met group compared with CD Met group （P<0.01）. （4） No correlation was observed between the serum vitamin B12 level and metabolic phenotypes. However，liver vitamin B12 level was negatively correlated with body weight，fasting blood glucose，liver weight，serum lipid levels，visceral adipose tissue weight and subcutaneous adipose tissue weight （P<0.05）. CONCLUSION: Metformin down-regulates vitamin B12 level in liver rather than in serum when treating the HFD-induced obese mice. The vitamin B12 level in liver was negatively correlated with body weight，liver weight，serum lipid profile and fasting blood glucose during the metformin treatment. © 2022 Chinese Journal of Pathophysiology. All rights reserved.
Early Life Nutrition, Epigenetics, and Programming of Later Life; The developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis suggests that epigenetic marks serve as a memory of exposure in early life to inappropriate environment, and these marks induce long-term changes in gene expression, particularly leading to disease in later life. There is now considerable evidence that nutritional imbalances around the time of conception, during pregnancy and/or in infancy or childhood (all critical periods of development) may alter a child's health trajectory and impact risk for noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) across the child's lifespan. Suboptimal nutrition in early life will predispose individuals to adverse health outcomes, viz., poor growth, obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disorder (CVD), immune diseases, osteoporosis, and neurodevelopmental disorders. The late onset of such diseases in response to earlier transient experiences has led to the suggestion that developmental programming may have an epigenetic component, as epigenetic marks such as DNA methylation or histone tail modifications could provide a persistent memory of earlier nutritional states. Nevertheless, animal evidence suggests that a history of nutritional insults in the parental generation could lead to multigenerational and transgenerational predispositions for obesity and NCDs. In this chapter, recent experimental models and human epidemiological studies providing evidences for the causative links identified between nutrition, epigenetics, and developmental programming that can lead to different and unintended long-term consequences on health and disease are revisited. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
MiR-143-Mediated Responses to Betaine Supplement Repress Lipogenesis and Hepatic Gluconeogenesis by Targeting MAT1a and MAPK11; The liver as the central organ is responsible for lipogenesis, gluconeogenesis and one-carbon metabolism. Methyl donors (e.g., betaine) modulate metabolic homeostasis and gene regulation through one-carbon metabolism. MiR-143 regulates DNA methylation by targeting DNMT3A, thereby suggesting that this miRNA participates in one-carbon metabolic pathways. However, the effect and mechanism that regulate glucose and lipid metabolism via the methyl group metabolism pathway remain elusive. In this study, we found that a betaine supplement and miR-143 KO significantly promoted lipolysis and glucose utilization and repressed lipogenesis and gluconeogenesis through enhancing energy consumption and thermogenesis, repressing GPNMB and targeting MAPK11, respectively. We further explored the relationship between miR-143 and a methyl donor (betaine) and the miR-143-mediated responses to the betaine supplement regulating the mechanism of the glucose and lipid metabolism. The results showed that betaine significantly down-regulated the expression of miR-143 that subsequently increased SAM levels in the liver by targeting MAT1a. In brief, the regulations of glucose and lipid metabolism are related to the miR-143-regulation of one-carbon units, and the relationship between betaine and miR-143 in the methionine cycle is a typical yin-yang type of regulation. Thus, betaine and miR-143 function together as key regulators and biomarkers for preventing and diagnosing metabolic diseases such as fatty liver disease, obesity, and diabetes. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
IRF2BP2 attenuates gestational diabetes mellitus by activating AMPK signaling; Purpose: To investigate the role of interferon regulatory factor 2 binding protein 2 (IRF2BP2) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Mice were injected intraperitoneally with streptozotocin to establish a model of GDM and then subjected to intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT) and intraperitoneal insulin tolerance test (IPITT) to determine glucose and insulin tolerances. Lipid metabolism was evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The histomorphology of pancreatic islets was assessed by hematoxylin and eosin staining. Results: IRF2BP2 was downregulated in pancreatic tissues of mice with GDM (p < 0.001). Mice in GDM group showed higher blood glucose levels than those in normal pregnancy group. However, overexpression of IRF2BP2 reduced glucose and insulin levels in mice with GDM. Overexpression of IRF2BP2 increased the level of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and reduced triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels in mice with GDM (p < 0.001). The histopathological changes in the islets of mice with GDM were also ameliorated by overexpression of IRF2BP2. Overexpression of IRF2BP2 reduced IL-6, IL-1β, and TNF-α levels and increased protein expression of p-AMPK in mice with GDM. Conclusion: IRF2BP2 ameliorates the outcomes of GDM and suppressed inflammation in mice with GDM through activation of AMPK signaling. Thus, IRF2BP2 is a potential therapeutic strategy for the management of GDM.  © 2022 The authors.
Oxidative Stress and Fetal Growth Restriction Set Up Earlier in Undernourished Sheep Twin Pregnancies: Prevention with Antioxidant and Nutritional Supplementation; Hypoxemia and oxidative stress, resulting in intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in undernourished twin sheep pregnancies, has been described in near-term studies. Our aim was to evaluate if the counteractive effects of maternal nutritional or antioxidant supplementation on the fetal redox status were evident before the accelerated fetal growth phase. Forty twin-bearing ewes grazing on natural Patagonian prairie were randomly assigned to four groups (n = 10 each; P: control ewes consuming mainly natural pasture; P+A: pasture plus antioxidants; P+C: pasture plus con-centrate; P+A+C: pasture plus antioxidants and concentrate). Daily herbal antioxidants were sup-plemented in a feedstuff concentrate as a premix from day 35 until day 100 of gestation, when fetal venous cord blood samples and biometric measurements were obtained via cesarean section. The fetuses from group P were clearly hypoxemic. An analysis of variance showed that maternal anti-oxidant supplementation showed a trend of increased PO2, SatHb, and Ht, effects not observed in P+C fetuses. Antioxidants decreased the fetal MDA concentration (p < 0.05). Fetal TAC was increased by the antioxidants and concentrate (p < 0.05). Antioxidant supplementation showed a trend to increase fetal body weight but not biometry. The results suggest that negative effects of oxidative stress occur earlier than the overt growth arrest, and the maternal administration of antioxidants may constitute a good nutritional strategy for the early prevention of IUGR. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Pax8 and Nkx2-1 haploinsufficiencies differentially affect liver metabolic pathways; Thyroid dysfunctions are associated with liver diseases ranging, in severity, from insulin resistance (IR) to hepatocellular carcinoma. The pathogenic mechanisms appear complex and are not attributable, exclusively, to the impaired thyroid hormone (TH) signalling. Using a mouse model of human congenital hypothyroidism, young double heterozygote for both NK2 homeobox 1 (Nkx2-1)- and Paired box 8 (Pax8)-null mutations (DHTP) mice, and single heterozygous Pax8+/− and Nkx2-1+/− mice, we studied the liver pathways, the endocrine and metabolic factors affected in conditions of different dysthyroidisms. Young Nkx2-1+/− females displayed a slight hyperthyroidism and, in liver, increased TH signalling (i.e. increased expression of Dio1 and Trβ1) and lipogenic gene expression, with triglycerides accumulation. Hypothyroid DHTP and euthyroid Pax8+/− females shared liver and skeletal muscle IR and hepatic hypothyroidism (i.e. reduced expression of Mct8, Dio1 and TRβ1), activation of AKT and increased expression of glutathione peroxidase 4. Oxidative stress and reduced mitochondrial COX activity were observed in DHTP mice only. Pax8+/− females, but, unexpectedly, not DHTP ones, displayed transcriptional activation of the hepatic (and renal) gluconeogenic pathway, hypercortisolemia, fasting hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinemia, reduced serum β-hydroxybutyrate, associated with hepatic AMPK activation. DHTP mice showed hypercholesterolemia and activation of mTOR. Collectively, the data indicate that heterozygote mutations of Pax8 and Nkx2-1 genes may produce multiple dysmetabolisms, even under systemic euthyroidism. Differential liver pathways and multiple hormonal axes are affected with implications for energy and nutrient homeostasis. The identified players may be specific target in the management of thyroid dysfunction-associated dysmetabolisms in terms of prevention/counteraction of IR, type 2 diabetes and related comorbidities. © 2022 BioScientifica Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and maternal dyslipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: The association between intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) and maternal lipid metabolism remains unknown. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the association between ICP and maternal lipid metabolism. Material and methods: We systematically searched Medline, Embase and the Cochrane Library (up to December 11, 2021) to identify relevant studies that investigated ICP and maternal plasma lipid concentrations. The weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using random-effects models. A subgroup analysis was conducted to identify the potential sources of heterogeneity. Potential publication bias was tested using funnel plots and the Egger's and Begg's tests. This meta-analysis was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42021293783). Results: Eleven studies were included in this qualitative analysis. A random-effects meta-analysis of data from the final included nine studies (n = 786 participants) showed a significant association between ICP and maternal dyslipidemia, with elevated levels of triglycerides (WMD, 0.67 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.39–0.95; P < 0.001), total cholesterol (WMD, 1.08 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.58–1.58; P < 0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (WMD, 1.08 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.53–1.64; P < 0.001), and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (WMD, −0.38 mmol/L; 95% CI −0.53 to −0.23; P < 0.001) vs normal pregnancies. Conclusions: The present study's findings support an association between ICP and maternal dyslipidemia. ICP pregnancies have dysregulated lipid metabolism vs normal pregnancies. © 2022 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Vitamin D and Multiple Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Observational Studies, Randomized Controlled Trials, and Mendelian Randomization Studies; Observational studies, randomized controlled trials (RCTs), and Mendelian randomization (MR) studies have yielded inconsistent results on the associations of vitamin D concentrations with multiple health outcomes. In the present umbrella review we aimed to evaluate the effects of low vitamin D concentrations and vitamin D supplementation on multiple health outcomes. We summarized current evidence obtained from meta-analyses of observational studies that examined associations between vitamin D concentrations and multiple health outcomes, meta-analyses of RCTs that investigated the effect of vitamin D supplementation on multiple health outcomes, and MR studies that explored the causal associations of vitamin D concentrations with various diseases (international prospective register of systematic reviews PROSPERO registration number CRD42018091434). A total of 296 meta-analyses of observational studies comprising 111 unique outcomes, 139 meta-analyses of RCTs comprising 46 unique outcomes, and 73 MR studies comprising 43 unique outcomes were included in the present umbrella review. Twenty-eight disease outcomes were identified by both meta-analyses of observational studies and MR studies. Seventeen of these reported disease outcomes had consistent results, demonstrating that lower concentrations of vitamin D were associated with a higher risk for all-cause mortality, Alzheimer's disease, hypertension, schizophrenia, and type 2 diabetes. The combinations of consistent evidence obtained by meta-analyses of observational studies and MR studies together with meta-analyses of RCTs showed that vitamin D supplementation was associated with a decreased risk for all-cause mortality but not associated with the risk for Alzheimer's disease, hypertension, schizophrenia, or type 2 diabetes. The results indicated that vitamin D supplementation is a promising strategy with long-term preventive effects on multiple chronic diseases and thus has the potential to decrease all-cause mortality. However, the current vitamin D supplementation strategy might not be an efficient intervention approach for these diseases, suggesting that new strategies are highly needed to improve the intervention outcomes.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
How Curcumin Targets Inflammatory Mediators in Diabetes: Therapeutic Insights and Possible Solutions; Diabetes mellitus is a multifactorial chronic metabolic disorder, characterized by altered metabolism of macro-nutrients, such as fats, proteins, and carbohydrates. Diabetic retinopathy, diabetic cardiomyopathy, diabetic encephalopathy, diabetic periodontitis, and diabetic nephropathy are the prominent complications of diabetes. Inflammatory mediators are primarily responsible for these complications. Curcumin, a polyphenol derived from turmeric, is well known for its anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-apoptotic properties. The regulation of several signaling pathways effectively targets inflammatory mediators in diabetes. Curcumin’s anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative activities against a wide range of molecular targets have been shown to have therapeutic potential for a variety of chronic inflammatory disorders, including diabetes. Curcumin’s biological examination has shown that it is a powerful anti-oxidant that stops cells from growing by releasing active free thiol groups at the target location. Curcumin is a powerful anti-inflammatory agent that targets inflammatory mediators in diabetes, and its resistant form leads to better therapeutic outcomes in diabetes complications. Moreover, Curcumin is an anti-oxidant and NF-B inhibitor that may be useful in treating diabetes. Curcumin has been shown to inhibit diabetes-related enzymes, such as a-glucosidase, aldose reductase and aldose reductase inhibitors. Through its anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects, and its suppression of vascular endothelial development and nuclear transcription factors, curcumin has the ability to prevent, or reduce, the course of diabetic retinopathy. Curcumin improves insulin sensitivity by suppressing phosphorylation of ERK/JNK in HG-induced insulin-resistant cells and strengthening the PI3K-AKT-GSK3B signaling pathway. In the present article, we aimed to discuss the anti-inflammatory mechanisms of curcumin in diabetes regulated by various molecular signaling pathways. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Emerging Role of Branched-Chain Amino Acids in Liver Diseases; Chronic liver diseases pose a substantial health burden worldwide, with approximately two million deaths each year. Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs)—valine, leucine, and isoleucine—are a group of essential amino acids that are essential for human health. Despite the necessity of a dietary intake of BCAA, emerging data indicate the undeniable correlation between elevated circulating BCAA levels and chronic liver diseases, including non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), cirrho-sis, and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Moreover, circulatory BCAAs were positively associated with a higher cholesterol level, liver fat content, and insulin resistance (IR). However, BCAA supple-mentation was found to provide positive outcomes in cirrhosis and HCC patients. This review will attempt to address the contradictory claims found in the literature, with a special focus on BCAAs’ distribution, key signaling pathways, and the modulation of gut microbiota. This should provide a better understanding of BCAAs’ possible contribution to liver health. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Importance of CXCL1 in the Physiological State and in Noncancer Diseases of the Oral Cavity and Abdominal Organs; CXCL1 is a CXC chemokine, CXCR2 ligand and chemotactic factor for neutrophils. In this paper, we present a review of the role of the chemokine CXCL1 in physiology and in selected major non-cancer diseases of the oral cavity and abdominal organs (gingiva, salivary glands, stomach, liver, pancreas, intestines, and kidneys). We focus on the importance of CXCL1 on implantation and placentation as well as on human pluripotent stem cells. We also show the significance of CXCL1 in selected diseases of the abdominal organs, including the gastrointestinal tract and oral cavity (periodontal diseases, periodontitis, Sjögren syndrome, Helicobacter pylori infection, diabetes, liver cirrhosis, alcoholic liver disease (ALD), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), HBV and HCV infection, liver ischemia and reperfusion injury, inflammatory bowel disease (Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis), obesity and overweight, kidney transplantation and ischemic-reperfusion injury, endometriosis and adenomyosis). © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Selenium and Selenoproteins at the Intersection of Type 2 Diabetes and Thyroid Pathophysiology; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is considered one of the largest global public-health concerns, affecting approximately more than 400 million individuals worldwide. The pathogenesis of T2D is very complex and, among the modifiable risk factors, selenium (Se) has recently emerged as a determinant of T2D pathogenesis and progression. Selenium is considered an essential element with antioxidant properties, and is incorporated into the selenoproteins involved in the antioxidant response. Furthermore, deiodinases, the enzymes responsible for homeostasis and for controlling the activity of thyroid hormones (THs), contain Se. Given the crucial action of oxidative stress in the onset of insulin resistance (IR) and T2D, and the close connection between THs and glucose metabolism, Se may be involved in these fundamental relationships; it may cover a dual role, both as a protective factor and as a risk factor of T2D, depending on its basal plasma concentration and the individual’s diet intake. In this review we discuss the current evidence (from experimental, observational and randomized clinical studies) on how Se is associated with the occurrence of T2D and its influence on the relationship between thyroid pathophysiology, IR and T2D. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal Exercise-Induced SOD3 Reverses the Deleterious Effects of Maternal High-Fat Diet on Offspring Metabolism Through Stabilization of H3K4me3 and Protection Against WDR82 Carbonylation; Preclinical studies reveal maternal exercise as a promising intervention to reduce the transmission of multigenerational metabolic dysfunction caused by maternal obesity. The benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health may arise from multiple factors and have recently been shown to involve DNA demethylation of critical hepatic genes leading to enhanced glucose metabolism in offspring. Histone modification is another epigenetic regulator, yet the effects of maternal obesity and exercise on histone methylation in offspring are not known. Here, we find that maternal high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) induced dysregulation of offspring liver glucose metabolism in C57BL/6 mice through a mechanism involving increased reactive oxygen species, WD repeat-containing 82 (WDR82) carbonylation, and inactivation of histone H3 lysine 4 (H3K4) methyltransferase leading to decreased H3K4me3 at the promoters of glucose metabolic genes. Remarkably, the entire signal was restored if the HFD-fed dams had exercised during pregnancy. WDR82 overexpression in hepatoblasts mimicked the effects of maternal exercise on H3K4me3 levels. Placental superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3), but not antioxidant treatment with N-acetylcysteine was necessary for the regulation of H3K4me3, gene expression, and glucose metabolism. Maternal exercise regulates a multicomponent epigenetic system in the fetal liver resulting in the transmission of the benefits of exercise to offspring. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
Estradiol (E2) Improves Glucose‐Stimulated Insulin Secretion and Stabilizes GDM Progression in a Prediabetic Mouse Model; Female New Zealand obese (NZO) mice are an established model of preconceptional (pc.) prediabetes that progresses as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during gestation. It is known that NZO mice show improvement in insulin sensitivity and glucose‐stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) during gestation in vivo. The latter is no longer detectable in ex vivo perifusion experiments in isolated islets of Langerhans, suggesting a modulation by extrapancreatic factors. Here, we demonstrated that plasma 17β‐estradiol (E2) levels increased markedly in NZO mice during gestation. The aim of this work was to determine whether these increased E2 levels are responsible for the improvement in metabolism during gestation. To achieve this goal, we examined its effects in isolated islets and primary hepatocytes of both NZO and metabolically healthy NMRI mice. E2 increased GSIS in the islets of both strains significantly. Hepatic glucose production (HGP) failed to be decreased by insulin in NZO hepatocytes but was reduced by E2 in both strains. Hepatocytes of pregnant NZO mice showed significantly lower glucose uptake (HGU) compared with NMRI controls, whereby E2 stimulation diminished this difference. Hepatocytes of pregnant NZO showed reduced glycogen content, increased cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) levels, and reduced AKT activation. These differences were abolished after E2 stimulation. In conclusion, our data indicate that E2 stabilizes and prevents deterioration of the metabolic state of the prediabetic NZO mice. E2 particularly increases GSIS and improves hepatic glucose utilization to a lower extent. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Associating diethylhexyl phthalate to gestational diabetes mellitus via adverse outcome pathways using a network-based approach; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy complication that is harmful to both the woman and fetus. Several epidemiological studies have found that exposure to diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), an endocrine disruptor ubiquitous in the environment, may be associated with GDM. This study aims to investigate the mechanism between DEHP and GDM using the adverse outcome pathway (AOP) framework, which can integrate information from different sources to elucidate the causal pathways between chemicals and adverse outcomes. We applied a network-based workflow to integrate diverse information to generate computational AOPs and accelerate the AOP development. The interactions among DEHP, genes, phenotypes, and GDM were retrieved from several publicly available databases, including the Comparative Toxicogenomics Database (CTD), Computational Toxicology (CompTox) Chemicals Dashboard, DisGeNET, MalaCards, Gene Ontology (GO), and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG). Based on the above interactions, a DEHP-Gene-Phenotype-GDM network consisting of 52 nodes and 227 edges was formed to support AOP construction. The filtered genes and phenotypes were assembled as molecular initiating events (MIEs) and key events (KEs) according to the upstream and downstream relationships, generating a computational AOP (cAOP) network. Based on the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development handbook of AOPs, a cAOP was assessed and applied to determine the effects of DEHP on GDM. DEHP could increase TNF-α, downregulate the glucose uptake process, and lead to GDM. Overall, this study revealed the utility of computational methods in integrating a variety of datasets, supporting AOP development, and facilitating a better understanding of the underlying mechanism of exposure to chemicals on human health. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Gut microbiota-derived metabolite trimethylamine-N-oxide and multiple health outcomes: an umbrella review and updated meta-analysis; Background: Trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) is a gut microbiota-derived metabolite produced from dietary nutrients. Many studies have discovered that circulating TMAO concentrations are linked to a wide range of health outcomes. Objectives: This study aimed to summarize health outcomes related to circulating TMAO concentrations. Methods: We searched the Embase, Medline, Web of Science, and Scopus databases from inception to 15 February, 2022 to identify and update meta-analyses examining the associations between TMAO and multiple health outcomes. For each health outcome, we estimated the summary effect size, 95% prediction CI, between-study heterogeneity, evidence of small-study effects, and evidence of excess-significance bias. These metrics were used to evaluate the evidence credibility of the identified associations. Results: This umbrella review identified 24 meta-analyses that investigated the association between circulating TMAO concentrations and health outcomes including all-cause mortality, cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), diabetes mellitus (DM), cancer, and renal function. We updated these meta-analyses by including a total of 82 individual studies on 18 unique health outcomes. Among them, 14 associations were nominally significant. After evidence credibility assessment, we found 6 (33%) associations (i.e., all-cause mortality, CVD mortality, major adverse cardiovascular events, hypertension, DM, and glomerular filtration rate) to present highly suggestive evidence. Conclusions: TMAO might be a novel biomarker related to human health conditions including all-cause mortality, hypertension, CVD, DM, cancer, and kidney function. Further studies are needed to investigate whether circulating TMAO concentrations could be an intervention target for chronic disease. This review was registered at www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/ as CRD42021284730. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
The Association Between Fasting Blood Sugar and Index of Nutritional Quality in Adult Women; Aim: It's unclear whether diet quality affects glycemic management. The index of nutritional quality (INQ) can examine diets both quantitatively and qualitatively (INQ). Hence, this study aimed to determine whether INQ and fasting blood sugar (FBS) are related among Iranian women. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 360 adult Iranian women. Data were collected on the participants' general characteristics, medical history, anthropometric indices, physical activity, and dietary intake. For nutrient intake assessment, a valid food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used, and INQ was then calculated using the daily nutrient intake. Results: After adjusting for age, FBS was significantly inverse associated with INQ for vitamins A (B = −0.193, p < 0.01), magnesium (B = −0.137, p < 0.01), phosphor (B = −0.175, p < 0.01), zinc (B = −0.113, p < 0.01), vitamin K (B = −0.197, p < 0.01), manganese (B = −0.111, p < 0.01) and selenium (B = −0.123, p < 0.01). The association between FBS and INQ for Se and Mn was disappeared after further adjustment for gender, body mass index (BMI), menopausal status, and total energy intake. Conclusion: There was a significant inverse relationship between FBS and the INQ of vitamin A, manganese, phosphor, zinc, vitamin K, magnesium, and selenium. Prospective cohort studies should be conducted to establish a causal relationship between FBS and INQ. Copyright © 2022 Alami, Mohseni, Ahmadzadeh, Vahid, Gholamalizadeh, Masoumvand, Shekari, Alizadeh, Shafaei and Doaei.
Associations of Moderate Low-Carbohydrate Diets With Mortality Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes: A Prospective Cohort Study; Context: A statement of context for the abstract was added in Objective as follows: Lower-carbohydrate-diet (LCD) has been reported to have beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factor profile in general population. However, whether adherence to an LCD could benefit long-term survival among individuals with diabetes is unclear. Objective: This work aimed to investigate the associations of different types of lower-carbohydrate diets with mortality among individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods: This prospective study included 5677 patients with T2D. The overall, unhealthy, and healthy lower-carbohydrate-diet (LCD) scores were calculated based on the percentage of energy from total and subtypes of carbohydrate, protein, and fat. Deaths were determined via linkage to the National Death Index records until December 31, 2015. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs of mortality. Results: During a median of 6.3 years of follow-up (39401 person-years), 1432 deaths were documented. After multivariable adjustment including lifestyle factors, diabetes duration, and glycated hemoglobin A1c, patients in the third quartile of overall LCD score had the lowest risk of mortality (HR: 0.65; 95% CI, 0.50-0.85), compared with the first quartile. The multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% CIs) of mortality across quartiles of healthy lower-carbohydrate-diet score were 1.00 (reference), 0.78 (0.64-0.96), 0.73 (0.58-0.91), and 0.74 (0.58-0.95) (Ptrend=.01). Isocalorically replacing 2% of energy from carbohydrates with plant-based protein or polyunsaturated fatty acids was associated with 23% to approximately 37% lower total mortality. Similar results were observed when analyses were stratified by age, sex, race/ethnicity, smoking status, body mass index, physical activity, and diabetes duration. Conclusion: Healthy LCD score was significantly associated with a lower risk of mortality in adults with T2D. Adherence to a well-balanced moderate lower-carbohydrate diet that emphasizes healthy carbohydrates, plant-based protein, and polyunsaturated fat may prevent premature death among patients with T2D.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Paternal eNOS deficiency in mice affects glucose homeostasis and liver glycogen in male offspring without inheritance of eNOS deficiency itself; Aims/hypothesis: It was shown that maternal endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) deficiency causes fatty liver disease and numerically lower fasting glucose in female wild-type offspring, suggesting that parental genetic variants may influence the offspring’s phenotype via epigenetic modifications in the offspring despite the absence of a primary genetic defect. The aim of the current study was to analyse whether paternal eNOS deficiency may cause the same phenotype as seen with maternal eNOS deficiency. Methods: Heterozygous (+/−) male eNOS (Nos3) knockout mice or wild-type male mice were bred with female wild-type mice. The phenotype of wild-type offspring of heterozygous male eNOS knockout mice was compared with offspring from wild-type parents. Results: Global sperm DNA methylation decreased and sperm microRNA pattern altered substantially. Fasting glucose and liver glycogen storage were increased when analysing wild-type male and female offspring of +/− eNOS fathers. Wild-type male but not female offspring of +/− eNOS fathers had increased fasting insulin and increased insulin after glucose load. Analysing candidate genes for liver fat and carbohydrate metabolism revealed that the expression of genes encoding glucocorticoid receptor (Gr; also known as Nr3c1) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1-alpha (Pgc1a; also known as Ppargc1a) was increased while DNA methylation of Gr exon 1A and Pgc1a promoter was decreased in the liver of male wild-type offspring of +/− eNOS fathers. The endocrine pancreas in wild-type offspring was not affected. Conclusions/interpretation: Our study suggests that paternal genetic defects such as eNOS deficiency may alter the epigenome of the sperm without transmission of the paternal genetic defect itself. In later life wild-type male offspring of +/− eNOS fathers developed increased fasting insulin and increased insulin after glucose load. These effects are associated with increased Gr and Pgc1a gene expression due to altered methylation of these genes. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2022, The Author(s).
Antioxidant effects of vitamin E and risk of cardiovascular disease in women with obesity – A narrative review; Proper dietary habits are a vital element of cardiovascular (CV) treatment, and - according to the current guidelines - a diet rich in antioxidants is generally recommended. It remains, however, inconclusive whether antioxidant nutrients should be supplemented for CV health, and if so, in which form and dosage. Currently available data suggest that vitamin E may be essential in preventing CVD, especially in coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis – nevertheless, vitamin E supplementation may be questionable and may even be associated with adverse outcomes. Further, current studies highlight a strong need for identifying sex-specific strategies, which could improve guidelines for both the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease (CVD). It should also be emphasized that understanding the role of genetic variants in genes involved in VE metabolism may also be crucial for more precise nutritional recommendations for patients suffering from CVD. Therefore, we summarize the current knowledge regarding vitamin E antioxidant properties, which could be essential from CV perspective, and aim to assess whether vitamin E supplementation can be beneficial in CV prevention, especially in the high-risk group of women with obesity. © 2022 The Author(s)
Aqueous Extract of Guava (Psidium guajava L.) Leaf Ameliorates Hyperglycemia by Promoting Hepatic Glycogen Synthesis and Modulating Gut Microbiota; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major global health concern. Psidium guajava L. (guava) is widely used for food as well as a folk medicine. Previous studies have shown its anti-diabetic and anti-inflammatory properties. However, the underlying mechanisms remains to be elusive. In this study, we assessed the potential therapeutic effects of aqueous extract of guava leaves (GvAEx) on T2DM and explored their potential mechanisms in vivo and in vitro. GvAEx was gavage administered for 12 weeks in diabetic db/db mice. Our results have demonstrated that GvAEx significantly lowered fasting plasma glucose levels (p < 0.01) and improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity (p < 0.01, p < 0.05, respectively). Additionally, GvAEx increased hepatic glycogen accumulation, glucose uptake and decreased the mRNA expression levels of gluconeogenic genes. Furthermore, GvAEx-treatment caused higher glucose transporter 2 (GLUT2) expression in the membrane in hepatocytes. Notably, for the first time, we have elaborated the possible mechanism of the hypoglycemic effect of GvAEx from the perspective of intestinal microbiota. GvAEx has significantly changed the composition of microbiota and increased short chain fatty acid (SCFA) -producing Lachnospiraceae family and Akkermansia genus in the gut. Taken together, GvAEx could alleviate hyperglycemia and insulin resistance of T2DM by regulating glucose metabolism in the liver and restoring the gut microbiota. Thus, GvAEx has the potential for drug development against T2DM. Copyright © 2022 Chu, Zhang, Wang, Xie, Chen, Zeng, Zhou and Hu.
Breast Milk MicroRNAs Related to Leptin and Adiponectin Function Can Be Modulated by Maternal Diet and Influence Offspring Phenotype in Rats; There is evidence of the role of milk components in the metabolic programming of offspring. Here, we aimed to investigate the effects of a diet during lactation on breast milk leptin, adiponectin, and related miRNAs’ expression, and their impact on dams and their offspring. Dams were fed a control diet (controls) or a diet enriched with oleic acid, betaine, and leucine (TX) throughout lactation. A TX diet promoted higher leptin at lactation day (LD) five and lower adiponectin on LD15 (vs. controls) in milk, resulting in increased leptin to adiponectin (L/A) ratio throughout lactation. Moreover, TX diet reduced milk levels of miR-27a, miR-103, miR-200a, and miR-222. Concerning TX offspring, higher body fat was early observed and maintained into adult life, accompanied by higher HOMA-IR than controls at three months of age. Offspring body fat content in adulthood correlated positively with milk L/A ratio at LD15 and negatively with miRNAs modulated by the TX diet. In conclusion, maternal diet during lactation can modulate leptin and adiponectin interplay with miRNAs in milk, setting up the metabolic programming of the offspring. Better knowledge about the influence of diet on this process is necessary to promote a healthy adult life in the progeny. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of animal and plant protein intakes with biomarkers of insulin and insulin-like growth factor axis; Background & aims: Insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 signaling is a proposed mechanism linking dietary protein and major chronic diseases. However, it is unclear whether animal and plant proteins are associated with biomarkers of insulin and IGF axis. Methods: We analyzed a total of 14,709 participants from Nurses’ Health Study and Health Professionals Follow-up Study who had provided a blood sample. Detailed dietary information was assessed using validated food frequency questionnaires. We assessed C-peptide, insulin, IGF-1, and IGF binding proteins (BP). Multivariable-adjusted linear regressions were used to examine associations of animal and plant protein intake with biomarkers after adjusting for confounders. Results: The medians (5th-95th percentiles) of animal and plant protein intake (% of total energy) were 13% (8–19%) and 5% (4–7%), respectively. Compared to participants in the lowest quintile, those in the highest quintile of animal protein had 4.8% (95% CI: 1.9, 7.9; P-trend<0.001) higher concentration of IGF-1 and -7.2% (95% CI: −14.8, 1.1; P for trend = 0.03) and −11.8% (95% CI: −20.6, −1.9; P-trend<0.001) lower concentration of IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2, respectively, after adjustment for major lifestyle factors and diet quality. In contrast, no association was observed between animal protein intake and C-peptide, insulin and IGFBP-3. The associations were restricted to participants with at least one unhealthy lifestyle risk factor (i.e., overweight/obese, physical inactivity, smoking, and heavy alcohol intake). Plant protein tended to be strongly associated with numerous biomarkers in age-adjusted analyses but these became largely attenuated or non-significant in multivariable adjustment. Plant protein intake remained positively associated with IGF-1 (P-trend = 0.002) and possibly IGFBP-1 (P-trend = 0.02) after multivariable adjustment. Substitution of plant protein with animal protein sources was associated with lower IGFBP-1. In additional analysis, IGF-1 and IGFBPs were estimated to mediate approximately 5–20% of the association between animal protein and type 2 diabetes. Conclusions: Higher animal protein intake was associated with higher IGF-1 and lower IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2, whereas higher plant protein intake was associated with higher IGF-1 and IGFBP-1. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
On the Utility of ToxCast-Based Predictive Models to Evaluate Potential Metabolic Disruption by Environmental Chemicals; BACKGROUND: Research suggests environmental contaminants can impact metabolic health; however, high costs prohibit in vivo screening of putative metabolic disruptors. High-throughput screening programs, such as ToxCast, hold promise to reduce testing gaps and prioritize higher-order (in vivo)testing. OBJECTIVES: We sought to a) examine the concordance of in vitro testing in 3T3-L1 cells to a targeted literature review for 38 semivolatile environmental chemicals, and b) assess the predictive utility of various expert models using ToxCast data against the set of 38 reference chemicals. METHODS: Using a set of 38 chemicals with previously published results in 3T3-L1 cells, we performed a metabolism-targeted literature review to determine consensus activity determinations. To assess ToxCast predictive utility, we used two published ToxPi models: a) the 8-Slice model published by Janesick et al. (2016) and b) the 5-Slice model published by Auerbach et al. (2016). We examined the performance of the two models against the Janesick in vitro results and our own 38-chemical reference set. We further evaluated the predictive performance of various modifications to these models using cytotoxicity filtering approaches and validated our best-performing model with new chemical testing in 3T3-L1 cells. RESULTS: The literature review revealed relevant publications for 30 out of the 38 chemicals (the remaining 8 chemicals were only examined in our previous 3T3-L1 testing). We observed a balanced accuracy (average of sensitivity and specificity) of 0.86 comparing our previous in vitro results to the literature-derived calls. ToxPi models provided balanced accuracies ranging from 0.55 to 0.88, depending on the model specifications and reference set. Validation chemical testing correctly predicted 29 of 30 chemicals as per 3T3-L1 testing, suggesting good adipogenic prediction performance for our best adapted model. DISCUSSION: Using the most recent ToxCast data and an updated ToxPi model, we found ToxCast performed similarly to that of our own 3T3-L1 testing in predicting consensus calls. Furthermore, we provide the full ranked list of largely untested chemicals with ToxPi scores that predict adipogenic activity and that require further investigation. © 2022, Public Health Services, US Dept of Health and Human Services. All rights reserved.
Screening and identification of key microRNAs and regulatory pathways associated with the renal fibrosis process; Renal fibrosis (RF) is a chronic and fatal disease related to the gradual deterioration of kidney function. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play a key role in cellular functions and several of them related to the pathogenesis of RF have been identified, although the underlying mechanisms are unclear. In order to explore the miRNAs involved in RF progression, we established a model in rats by the unilateral ureteral ligation method. The animals were randomly divided into the control group, and the 2 week, 4 week and 6 week model groups. The indices of renal function were measured using routine biochemical assays. The differentially expressed miRNAs (DE-miRNAs) between the sham-operated and modelled rats were screened, and their putative target genes were identified using the miRanda software and functionally annotated by Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) analyses. The expression of transforming growth factor β1 (TGF-β1), Smad3 and Smad7 was confirmed by RT-PCR. Compared to the sham-operated group, the model groups showed a decrease in SOD activity, along with the increased renal coefficient, and higher MDA, HYP, Scr, BUN and ALB levels. In addition, TGF-β1, Smad3 and Smad7 were also upregulated in the RF groups. We identified 274 known and 11 novel DE-miRNAs in the 2 week, 114 known and 6 novel DE-miRNAs in the 4 week, and 41 known and 1 novel DE-miRNAs in the 6 week model groups. The putative target genes of these DE-miRNAs were enriched in metabolic processes, apoptosis, pyrimidine metabolism, and TNF and VEGF signalling pathways. Based on our findings, we surmise that miR-146a-3p, miR-148a-3p, miR-130a-5p, miR-362-3p and miR-122-5p are likely to be involved in the occurrence and development of RF, and miR-122-5p may play an inhibitory role. The underlying mechanisms need further investigation. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Histone Modifications and Non-Coding RNAs: Mutual Epigenetic Regulation and Role in Pathogenesis; In the last few years, more and more scientists have suggested and confirmed that epigenetic regulators are tightly connected and form a comprehensive network of regulatory pathways and feedback loops. This is particularly interesting for a better understanding of processes that occur in the development and progression of various diseases. Appearing on the preclinical stages of diseases, epigenetic aberrations may be prominent biomarkers. Being dynamic and reversible, epigenetic modifications could become targets for a novel option for therapy. Therefore, in this review, we are focusing on histone modifications and ncRNAs, their mutual regulation, role in cellular processes and potential clinical application. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Dietary PUFAs drive diverse system-level changes in lipid metabolism; Objective: Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplements have been trialled as a treatment for a number of conditions and produced a variety of results. This variety is ascribed to the supplements, that often comprise a mixture of fatty acids, and to different effects in different organs. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that the supplementation of individual PUFAs has system-level effects that are dependent on the molecular structure of the PUFA. Methods: We undertook a network analysis using Lipid Traffic Analysis to identify both local and system-level changes in lipid metabolism using publicly available lipidomics data from a mouse model of supplementation with FA(20:4n-6), FA(20:5n-3), and FA(22:6n-3); arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid, respectively. Lipid Traffic Analysis is a new computational/bioinformatics tool that uses the spatial distribution of lipids to pinpoint changes or differences in control of metabolism, thereby suggesting mechanistic reasons for differences in observed lipid metabolism. Results: There was strong evidence for changes to lipid metabolism driven by and dependent on the structure of the supplemented PUFA. Phosphatidylcholine and triglycerides showed a change in the variety more than the total number of variables, whereas phosphatidylethanolamine and phosphatidylinositol showed considerable change in both which variables and the number of them, in a highly PUFA-dependent manner. There was also evidence for changes to the endogenous biosynthesis of fatty acids and to both the elongation and desaturation of fatty acids. Conclusions: These results show that the full biological impact of PUFA supplementation is far wider than any single-organ effect and implies that supplementation and dosing with PUFAs require a system-level assessment. © 2022 The Author(s)
Cyclo(-Phe-Phe) alleviates chick embryo liver injury via activating the Nrf2 pathway; Excessive reactive oxygen species (ROS) accumulation is involved in the pathogenesis of liver fibrosis and damage, specifically in the developing embryo that is extremely sensitive to oxidative stress. Herein, a liver injury model in chick embryo was established by using 2,2-azobis (2-amidinopropane) dihydrochloride (AAPH), which was used to investigate the effect of cyclo(-Phe-Phe) (CPP), a natural dipeptide found in foods and beverages. The results showed that CPP significantly alleviated AAPH-induced liver pathological damage, hepatic dysfunction and inhibited the excessive production of ROS in both chick embryo liver and HepG2 cells. Additionally, CPP increased the antioxidative activity of glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and superoxide dismutase (SOD), as well as elevated the level of glutathione (GSH), suggesting that CPP combating liver injury probably depends on its antioxidant capability. Mechanistically, CPP upregulated the mRNA and protein expression of heme oxyense-1 (HO-1) and NADPH quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) in vivo and in vitro, along with promoting the translocation of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) while inhibiting its degradation through binding with Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1). In conclusion, this study proposes a potential peptide drug for the treatment of hepatic damage induced by oxidative stress and also unravels its mechanism of action. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry
A comparative lipidomic study of the human placenta from women with or without gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is always accompanied by lipid disorders. The placenta serves as a center for lipid synthesis and transport and plays a critical role in establishing GDM. Thus, the changes in the type and content of lipids in the placenta may contribute to the development of GDM. Here, we performed an untargeted lipidomic analysis to profile the alterations of lipids in the placenta induced by GDM. Principal component analysis (PCA) was used to reduce the dimensionality of lipid data, and orthogonal projections to latent structures-discriminate analysis (OPLS-DA) was launched to show the differences in the lipid profile between the GDM group and normal controls. Additional multivariate data processing was carried out, including classification, pathway analysis and correlation analysis between dysregulated lipids and maternal blood glucose levels. We finally identified 1202 lipids in positive mode and 924 lipids in negative mode, of which 63 lipids were strongly associated with GDM. Notably, most dysregulated lipids were clustered in two major subtypes: glycerophospholipids and glycerolipids. Consistently, a significant down-regulation of glycerophospholipid metabolism was observed from pathway analysis. In addition, we found that SHexCer(d50:1), TAG(15:0/20:6/20:6) and PE(18:1e/21:2) were positively correlated with blood glucose levels, while PC(12:0/22:3), PC(22:4e/18:5) and PE(18:1e/26:4) showed negative correlations. Combining these lipids with fasting blood glucose showed high accuracy in the discrimination of women with GDM. In general, we explored the placental lipidomic abnormalities induced by GDM, and these findings may help us understand the pathological mechanisms of GDM. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Genome-Wide Placental Gene Methylations in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Fetal Growth and Metabolic Health Biomarkers in Cord Blood; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) “program” an elevated risk of metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Epigenetic alterations are a suspected mechanism. GDM has been associated with placental DNA methylation changes in some epigenome-wide association studies. It remains unclear which genes or pathways are affected, and whether any placental differential gene methylations are correlated to fetal growth or circulating metabolic health biomarkers. In an epigenome-wide association study using the Infinium MethylationEPIC Beadchip, we sought to identify genome-wide placental differentially methylated genes and enriched pathways in GDM, and to assess the correlations with fetal growth and metabolic health biomarkers in cord blood. The study samples were 30 pairs of term placentas in GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies (controls) matched by infant sex and gestational age at delivery in the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Cord blood metabolic health biomarkers included insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I, IGF-II, leptin and adiponectin. Adjusting for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, parity, mode of delivery and placental cell type heterogeneity, 256 differentially methylated positions (DMPs,130 hypermethylated and 126 hypomethylated) were detected between GDM and control groups accounting for multiple tests with false discovery rate <0.05 and beta-value difference >0.05. WSCD2 was identified as a differentially methylated gene in both site- and region-level analyses. We validated 7 hypermethylated (CYP1A2, GFRA1, HDAC4, LIMS2, NAV3, PAX6, UPK1B) and 10 hypomethylated (DPP10, CPLX1, CSMD2, GPR133, NRXN1, PCSK9, PENK, PRDM16, PTPRN2, TNXB) genes reported in previous epigenome-wide association studies. We did not find any enriched pathway accounting for multiple tests. DMPs in 11 genes (CYP2D7P1, PCDHB15, ERG, SIRPB1, DKK2, RAPGEF5, CACNA2D4, PCSK9, TSNARE1, CADM2, KCNAB2) were correlated with birth weight (z score) accounting for multiple tests. There were no significant correlations between placental gene methylations and cord blood biomarkers. In conclusions, GDM was associated with DNA methylation changes in a number of placental genes, but these placental gene methylations were uncorrelated to the observed metabolic health biomarkers (fetal growth factors, leptin and adiponectin) in cord blood. We validated 17 differentially methylated placental genes in GDM, and identified 11 differentially methylated genes relevant to fetal growth. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Huang, Zheng, Du, Yang, Xu, Liu, Tao, He, Fang, Li, Fan, Zhang, Briollais, Ouyang and Luo.
Chemistry and biology of nuciferine; Nuciferine is an aporphine alkaloid first isolated from Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn as the main bioactive ingredient. Additionally, it was also obtained from some other plants. Nuciferine exhibited diverse bioactivities such as anti-hyperlipidemic, anti-obesity, anti-fatty liver, antidiabetic, anti-hyperuricemic, antitumor, anti-inflammatory, antiviral, antioxidant activity, and thus has tremendous potential to be developed into drugs. This overview comprehensively summarized the widespread knowledge regarding to the chemistry and biology of nuciferine including isolation techniques, total synthesis, structural modification and structure-activity relationships, bioactivities, metabolism in vivo, and biosynthesis. Furthermore, an expectation was prospectively made for the future research on nuciferine through a careful analysis of the related literature up to early February 2022 and on the strength of our expertise in chemistry and biology of natural products. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Effects of dietary carbohydrate-to-lipid ratios on growth performance, intestinal digestion, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism of red swamp crayfish (Procambarus clarkii); Understanding the effects of dietary nutrients on physiological and biochemical parameters, especially the metabolism of nutrients during crayfish farming, can be useful for improving crayfish health and optimizing production in aquaculture. Therefore, we conducted an 8-week feeding study to investigate the effect of dietary carbohydrate-to-lipid (CHO: LIP) ratios on growth performance, hemolymph biochemical indices, intestinal digestion, hepatopancreas lipid, and carbohydrate metabolism of red swamp crayfish (Procambarus clarkii) (initial weight = 9.10 ± 0.15 g). Four isoenergetic and isonitrogenous diets (16.2 MJ kg−1 gross energy and 30.2% crude protein) were estimated to include different CHO:LIP ratios: 1.88 (22.5% CHO/11.9% LIP); 3.25 (29.3% CHO/9% LIP); 5.94 (36.2% CHO/6.1% LIP); and 13.60 (43.1% CHO/3.2% LIP). According to the results, the weight gain rate (WGR), final body weight, specific growth rate (SGR), intestinal amylase activity, abdominal muscle crude protein content, and protease activity significantly increased (P < 0.05) as the CHO:LIP ratio increased from 1.88 to 5.94 and then significantly decreased (P < 0.05) as the CHO:LIP ratio increased from 5.94 to 13.60. However, the feed conversion ratio exhibited the opposite trend. The abdominal muscle crude lipid content, hemolymph cholesterol content, and intestinal lipase activity significantly decreased with increasing dietary CHO:LIP ratios from 1.88 to 13.60, whereas the hemolymph glucose level showed the opposite trend. The activities of phosphofructokinase (PFK), the mRNA expression levels of pfk, pyruvate kinase (pk), lactate dehydrogenase (ldh), fatty acid synthase (fas), cholesterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 (srebp1), retinoic acid X receptor (rxr), and hexokinase (hk) in the hepatopancreas significantly increased with the increasing CHO:LIP ratios from 1.88 to 13.60, whereas the activities of lipoprotein lipase, hepatic esterase, and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, the mRNA expression levels of acyl coenzyme a oxidase (aco), fatty acid-binding protein gene (fabp), acyl-coA synthetase bubblegum (acsbg), glucose6-phosphatase (g6pase), pepck and fructose-1, 6-diphosphatase (fbpase) significantly decreased. The quadratic regression model showed that the optimal CHO: LIP ratio and dietary protein level for red swamp crayfish were 7.74% and 30%, respectively. These results suggest that optimal dietary CHO: LIP ratios could increase the SGR and WGR of red swamp crayfish. High CHO: LIP ratio inhibits gluconeogenesis and lipid degradation, while low CHO: LIP ratio inhibits glycolysis and lipogenesis. © 2022
Role of epigenetics in parturition and preterm birth; Preterm birth occurs worldwide and is associated with high morbidity, mortality, and economic cost. Although several risk factors associated with parturition and preterm birth have been identified, mechanisms underlying this syndrome remain unclear, thereby limiting the implementation of interventions for prevention and management. Known triggers of preterm birth include conditions related to inflammatory and immunological pathways, as well as genetics and maternal history. Importantly, epigenetics, which is the study of heritable phenotypic changes that occur without alterations in the DNA sequence, may play a role in linking social and environmental risk factors for preterm birth. Epigenetic approaches to the study of preterm birth, including analyses of the effects of microRNAs, long non-coding RNAs, DNA methylation, and histone modification, have contributed to an improved understanding of the molecular bases of both term and preterm birth. Additionally, epigenetic modifications have been linked to factors already associated with preterm birth, including obesity and smoking. The prevention and management of preterm birth remains a challenge worldwide. Although epigenetic analysis provides valuable insights into the causes and risk factors associated with this syndrome, further studies are necessary to determine whether epigenetic approaches can be used routinely for the diagnosis, prevention, and management of preterm birth. © 2021 Cambridge Philosophical Society.
Arsenic Exposure through Dietary Intake and Associated Health Hazards in the Middle East; Dietary arsenic (As) contamination is a major public health issue. In the Middle East, the food supply relies primarily on the import of food commodities. Among different age groups the main source of As exposure is grains and grain-based food products, particularly rice and rice-based dietary products. Rice and rice products are a rich source of core macronutrients and act as a chief energy source across the world. The rate of rice consumption ranges from 250 to 650 g per day per person in South East Asian countries. The source of carbohydrates through rice is one of the leading causes of human As exposure. The Gulf population consumes primarily rice and ready-to-eat cereals as a large proportion of their meals. Exposure to arsenic leads to an increased risk of non-communicable diseases such as dysbiosis, obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, chronic heart disease, cancer, and maternal and fetal complications. The impact of arsenic-containing food items and their exposure on health outcomes are different among different age groups. In the Middle East countries, neurological deficit disorder (NDD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) cases are alarming issues. Arsenic exposure might be a causative factor that should be assessed by screening the population and regulatory bodies rechecking the limits of As among all age groups. Our goals for this review are to outline the source and distribution of arsenic in various foods and water and summarize the health complications linked with arsenic toxicity along with identified modifiers that add heterogeneity in biological responses and suggest improvements for multi-disciplinary interventions to minimize the global influence of arsenic. The development and validation of diverse analytical techniques to evaluate the toxic levels of different As contaminants in our food products is the need of the hour. Furthermore, standard parameters and guidelines for As-containing foods should be developed and implemented. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diet Modification before or during Pregnancy on Maternal and Foetal Outcomes in Rodent Models of Maternal Obesity; The obesity epidemic has serious implications for women of reproductive age; its rising incidence is associated not just with health implications for the mother but also has transgenerational ramifications for the offspring. Increased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and kidney disease are seen in both the mothers and the offspring. Animal models, such as rodent studies, are fundamental to studying maternal obesity and its impact on maternal and offspring health, as human studies lack rigorous controlled experimental design. Furthermore, the short and prolific reproductive potential of rodents enables examination across multiple generations and facilitates the exploration of interventional strategies to mitigate the impact of maternal obesity, both before and during pregnancy. Given that obesity is a major public health concern, it is important to obtain a greater understanding of its pathophysiology and interaction with reproductive health, placental physiology, and foetal development. This narrative review focuses on the known effects of maternal obesity on the mother and the offspring, and the benefits of interventional strategies, including dietary intervention, before or during pregnancy on maternal and foetal outcomes. It further examines the contribution of rodent models of maternal obesity to elucidating pathophysiological pathways of disease development, as well as methods to reduce the impact of obesity on the mothers and the developing foetus. The translation of these findings into the human experience will also be discussed. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Vitamin D and Obesity/Adiposity—A Brief Overview of Recent Studies; Observational studies classically find an inverse relationship between human plasma 25hydroxyvitamin D concentration and obesity. However, interventional and genetic studies have failed to provide clear conclusions on the causal effect of vitamin D on obesity/adiposity. Likewise, vitamin D supplementation in obese rodents has mostly failed to improve obesity parameters, whereas several lines of evidence in rodents and prospective studies in humans point to a preventive effect of vitamin D supplementation on the onset of obesity. Recent studies investigating the impact of maternal vitamin D deficiency in women and in rodent models on adipose tissue biology programming in offspring further support a preventive metabolically driven effect of vitamin D sufficiency. The aim of this review is to summarize the state of the knowledge on the relationship between vitamin D and obesity/adiposity in humans and in rodents and the impact of maternal vitamin D deficiency on the metabolic trajectory of the offspring. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Obesity I: Overview and molecular and biochemical mechanisms; Obesity is a chronic, relapsing condition characterized by excess body fat. Its prevalence has increased globally since the 1970s, and the number of obese and overweight people is now greater than those underweight. Obesity is a multifactorial condition, and as such, many components contribute to its development and pathogenesis. This is the first of three companion reviews that consider obesity. This review focuses on the genetics, viruses, insulin resistance, inflammation, gut microbiome, and circadian rhythms that promote obesity, along with hormones, growth factors, and organs and tissues that control its development. It shows that the regulation of energy balance (intake vs. expenditure) relies on the interplay of a variety of hormones from adipose tissue, gastrointestinal tract, pancreas, liver, and brain. It details how integrating central neurotransmitters and peripheral metabolic signals (e.g., leptin, insulin, ghrelin, peptide YY3-36) is essential for controlling energy homeostasis and feeding behavior. It describes the distinct types of adipocytes and how fat cell development is controlled by hormones and growth factors acting via a variety of receptors, including peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, retinoid X, insulin, estrogen, androgen, glucocorticoid, thyroid hormone, liver X, constitutive androstane, pregnane X, farnesoid, and aryl hydrocarbon receptors. Finally, it demonstrates that obesity likely has origins in utero. Understanding these biochemical drivers of adiposity and metabolic dysfunction throughout the life cycle lends plausibility and credence to the “obesogen hypothesis” (i.e., the importance of environmental chemicals that disrupt these receptors to promote adiposity or alter metabolism), elucidated more fully in the two companion reviews. © 2022
The Relationship between Dietary Copper intake and Telomere Length in Hypertension; Background: More indications proved that diet might be involved in the telomere length, a marker of biological aging and chronic diseases. Copper is widely viewed as one of the essential elements in the diet. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the relationship between telomere length and dietary copper intake in hypertension and provide a basis for guiding dietary copper intake in patients with hypertension. Methods: The data was collected from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) in 1999–2000 and 2001–2002. The relevance between telomere length and dietary copper intake in hypertension is assessed using a multivariable linear regression model. Results: We gathered 1,867 participants with hypertension with assessed telomere length and dietary copper intake. We found that one unit increasing log-transformed dietary copper intake in hypertension was significantly associated with longer telomere length base pair (bp) (β = 112.20, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 5.48, 218.92), after controlling for covariates, including age, sex, ethnicity, body mass index (BMI), physical activity, and taking medication for hypertension. For the age group, we found that one unit increasing log-transformed dietary copper in hypertension was associated with longer telomere length (β = 237.95, 95% CI: 114.39, 361.51) in the age group >45 years. The grouping was based on whether the participants take medication for hypertension. We found that one unit increasing log-transformed dietary copper in hypertension was associated with longer telomere length (β = 116.47, 95% CI: 0.72, 232.21) in the group that takes medication for hypertension. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that dietary copper intake was associated with longer telomere length in patients with hypertension, which provides evidence for guiding dietary copper intake in patients with hypertension. However, further studies are needed to evaluate the effect of copper supplementation on telomere length in patients with hypertension in well-designed random control studies and prospective studies. © 2022, Serdi and Springer-Verlag International SAS, part of Springer Nature.
Broader and safer clinically-relevant activities of pentadecanoic acid compared to omega-3: Evaluation of an emerging essential fatty acid across twelve primary human cell-based disease systems; A growing body of evidence supports that pentadecanoic acid (C15:0), an odd-chain saturated fat found in butter, is an essential fatty acid that is necessary in the diet to support long-term metabolic and heart health. Here, dose dependent and clinically relevant cell-based activities of pure C15:0 (FA15TM) were compared to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a leading omega-3 fatty acid, as well as to an additional 4,500 compounds. These studies included 148 clinically relevant biomarkers measured across 12 primary human cell systems, mimicking various disease states, that were treated with C15:0 at four different concentrations (1.9 to 50 μM) and compared to non-treated control systems. C15:0 was non-cytotoxic at all concentrations and had dose dependent, broad anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative activities involving 36 biomarkers across 10 systems. In contrast, EPA was cytotoxic to four cell systems at 50 μM. While 12 clinically relevant activities were shared between C15:0 and EPA at 17 μM, C15:0 had an additional 28 clinically relevant activities, especially anti-inflammatory, that were not present in EPA. Further, at 1.9 and 5.6 μM, C15:0 had cell-based properties similar to bupropion (Pearson’s scores of 0.78), a compound commonly used to treat depression and other mood disorders. At 5.6 μM, C15:0 mimicked two antimicrobials, climabazole and clarithromycin (Pearson’s scores of 0.76 and 0.75, respectively), and at 50 μM, C15:0 activities matched that of two common anti-cancer therapeutics, gemcitabine and paclitaxel (Pearson’s scores of 0.77 and 0.74, respectively). In summary, C15:0 had dose-dependent and clinically relevant activities across numerous human cell-based systems that were broader and safer than EPA, and C15:0 activities paralleled common therapeutics for mood disorders, microbial infections, and cancer. These studies further support the emerging role of C15:0 as an essential fatty acid. Copyright: © 2022 Venn-Watson, Butterworth. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Serum CathepsinD in pregnancy: Relation with metabolic and inflammatory markers and effects of fish oils and probiotics; Background and aims: Elevated circulating levels of CathepsinD (CatD) have been linked to metabolic deviations including liver inflammation. We investigated 1) whether supplementation with probiotics and/or fish oil affects CatD and 2) whether the CatD concentration would associate with gestational diabetes (GDM), low-grade inflammation, lipid metabolism, body fat % and dietary composition. Methods and results: Overweight/obese pregnant women (n = 438) were randomized into fish oil + placebo, probiotics + placebo, fish oil + probiotics or placebo + placebo groups. Fish oil contained 1.9 g docosahexaenoic acid and 0.22 g eicosapentaenoic acid and probiotics were Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus HN001 (formerly Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001) and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis 420, 1010 colony-forming units each). Serum CatD levels were analysed by ELISA, GlycA and lipid metabolites by NMR, high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) by immunoassay, and intakes of energy yielding nutrients and n-3 and n-6 fatty acids from food diaries at both early and late pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed by OGTT. CatD concentrations did not differ between the intervention groups or by GDM status. Multivariable linear models revealed that body fat % and GlycA affected CatD differently in healthy women and those with GDM. Conclusion: The serum CatD concentration of pregnant women was not modified by this dietary intervention. Serum CatD was influenced by two parameters, body fat and low grade inflammation, which were dependent on the woman's GDM status. Clinical trial reg. no: NCT01922791, clinicaltrials.gov (secondary analysis). © 2022 The Authors
Impact of Smoking, Obesity and Maternal Diabetes on SHBG Levels in Newborns; Background Low levels of SHBG have become a marker for insulin resistance and diabetes. Babies born to mothers, who are obese, have diabetes, or smoke during pregnancy are at greater risk of developing obesity and diabetes later in life. Aims To examine the impact of maternal obesity, diabetes and smoking on SHBG levels in newborns. Study design This cross-sectional study is part of an ongoing multicenter, longitudinal study. Subjects 98 healthy newborns and their parents, including 16 mothers with diabetes and 31 mothers with a smoking history. Outcome measures Cord blood and second day venipuncture samples were collected for measurement of SHBG and insulin. Results Babies born to mothers with diabetes had lower SHBG levels in cord blood [14.0 (8.9-20.4) vs. 19.6 (14.9-25.1) nmol/L; p = 0.011] and on day 2 [18.8 (12.6-21.2) vs. 22.9 (17.1-29.1) nmol/L; p = 0.015] than controls. Maternal diabetes remained negatively associated with SHBG levels in cord blood (p = 0.02) and on day 2 (p = 0.04) when adjusted for mothers' age, smoking status, pre-pregnancy weight and weight gain during pregnancy. SHBG levels in cord blood and day 2 samples were similar in babies born to mothers who were overweightobese but not diabetic vs. normal weight, or were smokers when compared to non-smokers. Conclusions: SHBG levels are lower in newborns born to mothers with diabetes than without diabetes, and may be a marker for babies' life-long risk for abnormal metabolic health. On the other hand, the adverse effects of tobacco smoke on the fetus do not appear to directly influence SHBG levels.  © 2021. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children; Background: Research is beginning to implicate early life characteristics in the development of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, however the relationship with perinatal characteristics is poorly understood. Aims: We evaluated the association between perinatal characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. Study design: Nested case-control study. Subjects: 5104 children born in Quebec, Canada between 2006 and 2019. Exposures included maternal diabetes, obesity, prematurity, and other birth complications. Outcome measures: The outcome was nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed in hospital before 14 years of age. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between birth characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Results: A total of 104 children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were included. Gestational diabetes (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.15–4.10), preexisting diabetes (OR 5.75, 95% CI 2.67–12.4), and maternal obesity (OR 3.06, 95% CI 1.71–5.45) were associated with childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Prematurity (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.06–3.54) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.10–4.33) were also associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. However, there was no association with low birthweight, small-for-gestational age birth, and macrosomia. Conclusions: Maternal metabolic disorders and prematurity may initiate processes early in life that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Insulin resistance corresponds with a progressive increase in NOD1 in high fat diet-fed mice; Purpose: Innate immune components participate in obesity-induced inflammation, which can contribute to endocrine dysfunction during metabolic diseases. However, the chronological activation of specific immune proteins such as Nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain-containing protein 1 (NOD1) and relevance to cellular crosstalk during the progression of obesity-associated insulin resistance (IR) is not known. Methods: The NOD1 signaling in various insulin-sensitive metabolic tissues during the progression of diet-insulin resistance was assessed in C57BL/6J mice fed with 60% high-fat diet (HFD) for 4, 8, 12, and 16 weeks. Intestinal permeability was measured using FITC-dextran. NOD1 activating potential was analyzed using HEK-Blue mNOD1 cells. Results: HFD-fed mice showed progressive induction of glucose intolerance and impairment of insulin signaling in key metabolic tissues. We found a time-dependent increase in intestinal permeability coupled with transport and accumulation of NOD1 activating ligand in the serum of HFD-fed mice. We also observed a progressive accumulation of γ-D-glutamyl-meso-diaminopimelic acid (DAP), a microbial peptidoglycan ligand known to activate NOD1, in serum samples of the HFD-fed mice. There was also a progressive increase in transcripts levels of NOD1 in bone marrow-derived macrophages during HFD-feeding. In addition, skeletal muscle, adipose and liver, the key insulin sensitive metabolic tissues also had a time-dependent increase in transcripts of NOD1 and Rip2 and a corresponding activation of pro-inflammatory responses in these tissues. Conclusion: These data highlight the correlation of inflammation and insulin resistance to NOD1 activation in the bone marrow derived macrophages and insulin responsive metabolic tissues during high fat diet feeding in mice. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population; Adipokines and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) are associated with the (patho)physiology of cardiometabolic diseases. Whether CRF and adipokines are related is unclear. We investigated associations of CRF with leptin, adiponectin, chemerin, resistin and vaspin. Data from the population-based Study of Health in Pomerania was used (n=1,479; median age 49 years; 51% women). Cardiopulmonary exercise testing was used to measure CRF. Circulating adipokine concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The association between CRF and adipokines was assessed using multivariable sex-specific quantile regression models. Higher maximum oxygen uptake was significantly associated with lower leptin (men:-0.11 ng/ml; 95%-confidence interval [CI]:-0.18 to-0.03 ng/ml; p<0.005; women:-0.17 ng/ml; 95%-CI:-0.33 to-0.02 ng/ml; p<0.05) and chemerin (men:-0.26 ng/ml; 95%-CI:-0.52 to-0.01 ng/ml; p<0.05; women:-0.41 ng/ml; 95%-CI:-0.82 to-0.01 ng/ml; p<0.05) as well as higher adiponectin concentrations (men: 0.06 μg/ml; 95%-CI: 0.02 to 0.11 μg/ml; p<0.05; women: 0.03 μg/ml; 95%-CI:-0.05 to 0.10 μg/ml; p=0.48). We found that CRF was inversely associated with leptin and chemerin in both sexes and positively associated with adiponectin only in men. © 2022 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Effect of a High Protein, Low Glycemic Index Dietary Intervention on Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) affects people at an increasingly younger age. The primary treatment for patients with MAFLD is diet-induced weight loss; however, excessive dieting is poorly effective. Objectives: The aim of this trial was to evaluate whether a high protein and low glycemic index (HPLG) dietary intervention would result in improvement of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and related metabolic markers in MAFLD. Methods: A 12-week controlled, parallel-group, randomized intervention trial was performed. A number of 63 participants with MAFLD were enrolled and randomized between the HPLG dietary group and the balanced diet control group. Both diets had the same hypocaloric level and were prescribed ad libitum within food limit lists. The primary outcome was CAP. The main secondary outcomes were weight loss and improvement of metabolism-related indexes at week 12 after the program initiation. Results: A total of 59 participants completed the intervention and were included in the final analysis. The mean age was 39.3 ± 8.9 years and 66.1% were men. In this trial, protein and carbohydrate intakes were significantly higher and lower, respectively, in the HPLG group compared to controls (p < 0.001). At week 12, CAP was significantly reduced in both groups (p < 0.001). However, a significantly greater reduction in liver fat was observed in the HPLG group compared to the control group (p = 0.011), with mean relative reductions of 30.90 dB/m (95% CI, 21.53 to 40.26, p < 0.001) and 15.43 dB/m (95% CI, 7.57 to 23.30, p < 0.001), respectively. From baseline to week 12, a significantly greater loss in bodyweight was recorded in participants in the HPLG group (6.52 kg; 95% CI, 5.50 to 7.54, p < 0.001) compared to control subjects (2.00 kg; 95% CI, 0.89 to 3.11, p = 0.001). Moreover, body fat percentage in the HPLG group was significantly reduced compared with the control group (p = 0.002). Within-group improvements in visceral fat, blood pressure, cardiovascular risk factors, and blood glucose-related indicators were detected in patients with MAFLD assigned to the HPLG diet (p < 0.05), but not in those prescribed the control diet (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Under our experimental conditions, and compared to the traditional balanced diet, an HPLG diet led to a significant CAP remission, bodyweight or fat reduction, and improvement of metabolic markers in patients with MAFLD. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT03972631. Copyright © 2022 Sun, Huang, Shuai, Wan, Liu, Xue and Liu.
Folate Status and Mortality in US Adults With Diabetes: A Nationally Representative Cohort Study; Background: Public health concerns have gradually shifted from inadequate intakes to potential adverse effects associated with excessive folate intakes following the full implementation of mandatory folate fortification. This study aimed to examine the associations of red blood cell (RBC) folate with all-cause and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality among patients with diabetes. Methods: Data of 15,514 adults aged 20 years or older, who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988–1994), were analyzed as the baseline examination. The participants were linked to mortality data from the survey date until December 31, 2015. The associations of RBC folate with all-cause and CVD mortality were examined using multivariable Cox regression models. Results: During 297,708 person–years of follow-up (median of 19.2 years), 6,106 total deaths occurred, including 1,867 deaths from CVD, 1452 deaths from ischemic heart disease, and 415 deaths from stroke disease. The participants with the highest quartile of RBC folate had higher odds of diabetes (fully-adjusted odds ratio: 1.94 [95% CI: 1.53–2.48]). In Cox regression analyses, compared with the participants with the lowest quartile of RBC folate for diabetes, those from quartile 3 and quartile 4 had HRs (95% CIs) of 1.12 (0.87, 1.43) and 1.30 (1.04, 1.63) in all-cause mortality, respectively; in CVD mortality, the HRs were 1.73 (1.08, 2.76) and 1.47 (0.98, 2.22); in ischemic heart disease mortality, they were 2.01 (1.19, 3.39) and 1.62 (1.05, 2.50), respectively. However, high levels of RBC folate were negatively associated with all-cause mortality, CVD mortality and ischemic heart disease mortality in non-diabetes. Conclusion: From the nationally representative data, increasing levels in RBC folate were independently associated with an increased risk of all-cause and CVD mortality among those diagnosed with diabetes, but high levels of RBC folate had a mild protective effect in non-diabetes. The underlying mechanism regarding folate and adverse outcomes in diabetes warrants further clarification. Copyright © 2022 Xiong, Li, Cheng, Chen, Guo, Huang and Lu.
The effects of saffron petals and damask rose petals on biochemical and inflammatory measurements; Objectives: Diabetes is a chronic disease caused by high blood sugar greatly affected by diet. The chemical medicines applied to treat diabetes usually have side effects. This study aimed to investigate the effect of saffron petals, damask rose petals, and saffron-damask rose petal herbal teas on weight loss, fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and the inflammatory factors of diabetic rats. Methods: In this study, 40 male Sprague Dawley rats with an average age of four weeks received a high-calorie, high-fat, high-sugar diet for nine weeks. The rats were then randomly assigned to five groups, including normal, control, saffron petal, damask rose petal, and saffron plus damask rose petal groups. For nine weeks, 3 mL of the herbal tea was administered to the intervention groups daily through oral gavage. The levels of FBS, lipid profile, Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), the high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), and glucose tolerance test (GTT) were measured following the intervention. Results: Saffron petals reduced weight gain, Triglyceride (TG), and HbA1c and increased hs-CRP and IGF-1 (all p < 0.05). The damask rose petal reduced weight gain, FBS, hs-CRP, and HbA1c and increased the IGF-1 (all p < 0.05). Saffron plus damask-rose petals reduced the weight gain, TG, hs-CRP and HbA1c, and increase IGF-1 factor (all p < 0.05) compared to the control group. No significant effect was found on visceral fat, LDL-C, and HDL-C. Compared with the normal group, saffron petals and damask rose petals increased the FBS, HDL, and LDL levels. Damask rose and the combination of saffron petals and damask rose decreased IGF-1 compared with the normal group (all p < 0.05). Conclusions: Saffron and damask rose petals could have beneficial effects on improving the status of biochemical markers. The simultaneous use of saffron and damask rose may counteract the adverse effects of saffron on inflammatory indices. © 2022 De Gruyter. All rights reserved.
Immunometabolic adaptation and immune plasticity in pregnancy and the bi-directional effects of obesity; Mandatory maternal metabolic and immunological changes are essential to pregnancy success. Parallel changes in metabolism and immune function make immunometabolism an attractive mechanism to enable dynamic immune adaptation during pregnancy. Immunometabolism is a burgeoning field with the underlying principle being that cellular metabolism underpins immune cell function. With whole body changes to the metabolism of carbohydrates, protein and lipids well recognised to occur in pregnancy and our growing understanding of immunometabolism as a determinant of immunoinflammatory effector responses, it would seem reasonable to expect immune plasticity during pregnancy to be linked to changes in the availability and handling of multiple nutrient energy sources by immune cells. While studies of immunometabolism in pregnancy are only just beginning, the recognised bi-directional interaction between metabolism and immune function in the metabolic disorder obesity might provide some of the earliest insights into the role of immunometabolism in immune plasticity in pregnancy. Characterised by chronic low-grade inflammation including in pregnant women, obesity is associated with numerous adverse outcomes during pregnancy and beyond for both mother and child. Concurrent changes in metabolism and immunoinflammation are consistently described but any causative link is not well established. Here we provide an overview of the metabolic and immunological changes that occur in pregnancy and how these might contribute to healthy versus adverse pregnancy outcomes with special consideration of possible interactions with obesity. © 2022 The Author(s). All rights reserved.
The Role and Mechanisms of Selenium Supplementation on Fatty Liver-Associated Disorder; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most frequent chronic liver disease without effective therapy. Selenium, as an essential trace element for humans, is notable for its antioxidant properties. The previous study shows that selenium levels in NAFLD patients are lower than normal ones. Selenium supplementation can effectively alleviate metabolic disorders by relieving anti-oxidative stress and anti-inflammatory regulation. However, the correlation between selenium and NAFLD has not been fully clarified. Herein, we review the current studies on selenium in regulating the different stages of NAFLD and summarize relevant clinical trials to highlight the potential roles of selenium in NAFLD treatment. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fructose Induces Insulin Resistance of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice via the NLRP3 Inflammasome Pathway; Background: Insulin resistance (IR), which is affected by dietary factors, is the main pathology underlying of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fructose (Fru), a sugar found in fruits, honey, and food sweeteners, has been reported to induce IR and inflammation. This study explored the effects and mechanisms of Fru on IR of GDM in pregnant and postpartum mice and their offspring. Methods: The 6-week-old female C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into control (Chow) and fructose (Fru) groups, with the latter receiving 20% (w/v) Fru in drinking water from 2 weeks before pregnancy to the end of pregnancy. The effects of Fru on IR and inflammation were determined using serum parameters, glucose metabolism tests, immunohistochemistry, and western blotting. Results: Compared with the Chow group mice, pregnant mice treated with Fru exhibited greater gestational weight gain, higher fasting blood glucose and insulin concentrations, and a higher homeostasis model of assessment (HOMA) for IR index, but a lower HOMA for insulin sensitivity index. Treatment with Fru also increased the concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), IL-17, and C-reactive protein in sera and the expression of IL-6, TNF-α, IL-17, and IL-1β mRNA in liver tissues of pregnant mice. Both CD68 and IL-1β positive cell were increased in Fru-treated mice compared with in Chow mice. Fru treatment also promoted IR and inflammation in mice at 4 weeks after delivery and in offspring mice. Mechanistically, Fru promoted the nuclear translocation of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-κB) p65 to activate the nucleotide-binding domain-like receptor protein 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome. Conclusions: Exposure to Fru before and during pregnancy induced IR in pregnant mice, which continued at 4 weeks postpartum and affected the offspring. The effects of Fru may be associated with activation of the NF-κB–NLRP3 pathway. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Wei, Wu, Lin, Sun, Chen, Shen and Deng.
Associations of Plasma Fatty Acid Patterns During Pregnancy With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Limited studies have explored the difference of fatty acid profile between women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the results were inconsistent. Individual fatty acids tend to be interrelated because of the shared food sources and metabolic pathways. Thus, whether fatty acid patters during pregnancy were related to GDM odds needs further exploration. Objective: To identify plasma fatty acid patters during pregnancy and their associations with odds of GDM. Methods: A hospital-based case-control study including 217 GDM cases and 217 matched controls was carried out in urban Wuhan, China from August 2012 to April 2015. All the participants were enrolled at the time of GDM screening and provided fasting blood samples with informed consent. We measured plasma concentrations of fatty acids by gas chromatography–mass spectrometry, and derived potential fatty acid patterns (FAPs) through principal components analysis. Conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline model were used to evaluate the associations between individual fatty acids or FAPs and odds of GDM. Results: Twenty individual fatty acids with relative concentrations ≥0.05% were included in the analyses. Compared with control group, GDM group had significantly higher concentrations of total fatty acids, 24:1n-9, and relatively lower levels of 14:0, 15:0, 17:0, 18:0, 24:0, 16:1n-7, 20:1n-9,18:3n-6, 20:2n-6, 18:3n-3, 20:3n-3, 22:5n-3. Two novel patterns of fatty acids were identified to be associated with lower odds of GDM: (1) relatively higher odd-chain fatty acids, 14:0, 18:0, 18:3n-3, 20:2n-6, 20:3n-6 and lower 24:1n-9 and 18:2n-6 [adjusted odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence interval) (CI) for quartiles 4 vs. 1: 0.42 (0.23–0.76), P-trend = 0.002], (2) relatively higher n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, 24:0, 18:3n-6 and lower 16:0 and 20:4n-6 [adjusted OR (95% CI) for quartiles 4 vs. 1: 0.48 (0.26–0.90), P-trend = 0.018]. Conclusion: Our findings suggested that two novel FAPs were inversely associated with GDM odds. The combination of circulating fatty acids could be a more significant marker of GDM development than individual fatty acids or their subgroups. Copyright © 2022 Li, Hu, Zhu, Sun, Huang, Xu, Liu, Luo, Zhou, Tan and Liu.
Maternal diet and obesity shape offspring central and peripheral inflammatory outcomes in juvenile non-human primates; The obesity epidemic affects 40% of adults in the US, with approximately one-third of pregnant women classified as obese. Previous research suggests that children born to obese mothers are at increased risk for a number of health conditions. The mechanisms behind this increased risk are poorly understood. Increased exposure to in-utero inflammation induced by maternal obesity is proposed as an underlying mechanism for neurodevelopmental alterations in offspring. Utilizing a non-human primate model of maternal obesity, we hypothesized that maternal consumption of an obesogenic diet will predict offspring peripheral (e.g., cytokines and chemokines) and central (microglia number) inflammatory outcomes via the diet's effects on maternal adiposity and maternal inflammatory state during the third trimester. We used structural equation modeling to simultaneously examine the complex associations among maternal diet, metabolic state, adiposity, inflammation, and offspring central and peripheral inflammation. Four latent variables were created to capture maternal chemokines and pro-inflammatory cytokines, and offspring cytokine and chemokines. Model results showed that offspring microglia counts in the basolateral amygdala were associated with maternal diet (β = −0.622, p < 0.01), adiposity (β = 0.593, p < 0.01), and length of gestation (β = 0.164, p < 0.05) but not with maternal chemokines (β = 0.135, p = 0.528) or maternal pro-inflammatory cytokines (β = 0.083, p = 0.683). Additionally, we found that juvenile offspring peripheral cytokines (β = −0.389, p < 0.01) and chemokines (β = −0.298, p < 0.05) were associated with a maternal adiposity-induced decrease in maternal circulating chemokines during the third trimester (β = −0.426, p < 0.01). In summary, these data suggest that maternal diet and adiposity appear to directly predict offspring amygdala microglial counts while maternal adiposity influences offspring peripheral inflammatory outcomes via maternal inflammatory state. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Personalized Nutrition in the Management of Female Infertility: New Insights on Chronic Low-Grade Inflammation; Increasing evidence on the significance of nutrition in reproduction is emerging from both animal and human studies, suggesting a mutual association between nutrition and female fertility. Different “fertile” dietary patterns have been studied; however, in humans, conflicting results or weak correlations are often reported, probably because of the individual variations in genome, proteome, metabolome, and microbiome and the extent of exposure to different environmental conditions. In this scenario, “precision nutrition”, namely personalized dietary patterns based on deep phenotyping and on metabolomics, microbiome, and nutrigenetics of each case, might be more efficient for infertile patients than applying a generic nutritional approach. In this review, we report on new insights into the nutritional management of infertile patients, discussing the main nutrigenetic, nutrigenomic, and microbiomic aspects that should be investigated to achieve effective personalized nutritional interventions. Specifically, we will focus on the management of low-grade chronic inflammation, which is associated with several infertility-related diseases. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Glucagon, cyclic AMP, and hepatic glucose mobilization: A half-century of uncertainty; For at least 50 years, the prevailing view has been that the adenylate cyclase (AC)/cyclic AMP (cAMP)/protein kinase A pathway is the predominant signal mediating the hepatic glucose-mobilizing actions of glucagon. A wealth of evidence, however, supports the alternative, that the operative signal most of the time is the phospholipase C (PLC)/inositol-phosphate (IP3)/calcium/calmodulin pathway. The evidence can be summarized as follows: (1) The consensus threshold glucagon concentration for activating AC ex vivo is 100 pM, but the statistical hepatic portal plasma glucagon concentration range, measured by RIA, is between 28 and 60 pM; (2) Within that physiological concentration range, glucagon stimulates the PLC/IP3 pathway and robustly increases glucose output without affecting the AC/cAMP pathway; (3) Activation of a latent, amplified AC/cAMP pathway at concentrations below 60 pM is very unlikely; and (4) Activation of the PLC/IP3 pathway at physiological concentrations produces intracellular effects that are similar to those produced by activation of the AC/cAMP pathway at concentrations above 100 pM, including elevated intracellular calcium and altered activities and expressions of key enzymes involved in glycogenolysis, gluconeogenesis, and glycogen synthesis. Under metabolically stressful conditions, as in the early neonate or exercising adult, plasma glucagon concentrations often exceed 100 pM, recruiting the AC/cAMP pathway and enhancing the activation of PLC/IP3 pathway to boost glucose output, adaptively meeting the elevated systemic glucose demand. Whether the AC/cAMP pathway is consistently activated in starvation or diabetes is not clear. Because the importance of glucagon in the pathogenesis of diabetes is becoming increasingly evident, it is even more urgent now to resolve lingering uncertainties and definitively establish glucagon’s true mechanism of glycemia regulation in health and disease. © 2022 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
Sperm histone H3 lysine 4 tri-methylation serves as a metabolic sensor of paternal obesity and is associated with the inheritance of metabolic dysfunction; Objective: Parental environmental exposures can strongly influence descendant risks for adult disease. How paternal obesity changes the sperm chromatin leading to the acquisition of metabolic disease in offspring remains controversial and ill-defined. The objective of this study was to assess (1) whether obesity induced by a high-fat diet alters sperm histone methylation; (2) whether paternal obesity can induce metabolic disturbances across generations; (3) whether there could be cumulative damage to the sperm epigenome leading to enhanced metabolic dysfunction in descendants; and (4) whether obesity-sensitive regions associate with embryonic epigenetic and transcriptomic profiles. Using a genetic mouse model of epigenetic inheritance, we investigated the role of histone H3 lysine 4 methylation (H3K4me3) in the paternal transmission of metabolic dysfunction. This transgenic mouse overexpresses the histone demethylase enzyme KDM1A in the developing germline and has an altered sperm epigenome at the level of histone H3K4 methylation. We hypothesized that challenging transgenic sires with a high-fat diet would further erode the sperm epigenome and lead to enhanced metabolic disturbances in the next generations. Methods: To assess whether paternal obesity can have inter- or transgenerational impacts, and if so to identify potential mechanisms of this non-genetic inheritance, we used wild-type C57BL/6NCrl and transgenic males with a pre-existing altered sperm epigenome. To induce obesity, sires were fed either a control or high-fat diet (10% or 60% kcal fat, respectively) for 10–12 weeks, then bred to wild-type C57BL/6NCrl females fed a regular diet. F1 and F2 descendants were characterized for metabolic phenotypes by examining the effects of paternal obesity by sex, on body weight, fat mass distribution, the liver transcriptome, intraperitoneal glucose, and insulin tolerance tests. To determine whether obesity altered the F0 sperm chromatin, native chromatin immunoprecipitation-sequencing targeting H3K4me3 was performed. To gain insight into mechanisms of paternal transmission, we compared our sperm H3K4me3 profiles with embryonic and placental chromatin states, histone modification, and gene expression profiles. Results: Obesity-induced alterations in H3K4me3 occurred in genes implicated in metabolic, inflammatory, and developmental processes. These processes were associated with offspring metabolic dysfunction and corresponded to genes enriched for H3K4me3 in embryos and overlapped embryonic and placenta gene expression profiles. Transgenerational susceptibility to metabolic disease was only observed when obese F0 had a pre-existing modified sperm epigenome. This coincided with increased H3K4me3 alterations in sperm and more severe phenotypes affecting their offspring. Conclusions: Our data suggest sperm H3K4me3 might serve as a metabolic sensor that connects paternal diet with offspring phenotypes via the placenta. This non-DNA-based knowledge of inheritance has the potential to improve our understanding of how environment shapes heritability and may lead to novel routes for the prevention of disease. This study highlights the need to further study the connection between the sperm epigenome, placental development, and children's health. Summary sentence: Paternal obesity impacts sperm H3K4me3 and is associated with placenta, embryonic and metabolic outcomes in descendants. © 2022
Metabolites of Gut Microbiota and Possible Implication in Development of Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by having a disorder of glucose metabolism. The types of diabetes mellitus include type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and other specific types of diabetes mellitus. Many risk factors contribute to diabetes mellitus mainly including genetics, environment, obesity, and diet. In the recent years, gut microbiota has been shown to be linked to the development of diabetes. It has been reported that the gut microbiota composition of diabetic patients is different from that of healthy people. Although the mechanism behind the abnormality remains to be explored, most hypotheses focus on the inflammation response and leaky gut in relation to the changes in production of endotoxins and metabolites derived from the intestinal flora. Consequently, the above-mentioned abnormalities trigger a series of metabolic changes, gradually leading to development of hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and diabetes. This review is (i) to summarize the differences in gut microbiota between diabetic patients and healthy people, (ii) to discuss the underlying mechanism(s) by which how lipopolysaccharide, diet, and metabolites of the gut microbiota affect diabetes, and (iii) to provide a new insight in the prevention and treatment of diabetes. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
Obesity III: Obesogen assays: Limitations, strengths, and new directions; There is increasing evidence of a role for environmental contaminants in disrupting metabolic health in both humans and animals. Despite a growing need for well-understood models for evaluating adipogenic and potential obesogenic contaminants, there has been a reliance on decades-old in vitro models that have not been appropriately managed by cell line providers. There has been a quick rise in available in vitro models in the last ten years, including commercial availability of human mesenchymal stem cell and preadipocyte models; these models require more comprehensive validation but demonstrate real promise in improved translation to human metabolic health. There is also progress in developing three-dimensional and co-culture techniques that allow for the interrogation of a more physiologically relevant state. While diverse rodent models exist for evaluating putative obesogenic and/or adipogenic chemicals in a physiologically relevant context, increasing capabilities have been identified for alternative model organisms such as Drosophila, C. elegans, zebrafish, and medaka in metabolic health testing. These models have several appreciable advantages, including most notably their size, rapid development, large brood sizes, and ease of high-resolution lipid accumulation imaging throughout the organisms. They are anticipated to expand the capabilities of metabolic health research, particularly when coupled with emerging obesogen evaluation techniques as described herein. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Protective effect of nimbolide against streptozotocin induced gestational diabetes mellitus in rats via alteration of inflammatory reaction, oxidative stress, and gut microbiota; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant pregnancy-related condition, which showed effect on the development of fetal. Anti-inflammatory and antioxidant therapy commonly used for the treatment of GDM. Nimbolide already confirmed their anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant effect against various animal disease model. Our objective in this research is to investigate the protective effect of nimbolide against STZ induced GDM and elucidate the mechanism. Methods: In this experimental study, pregnant female Wistar rats were used and STZ (40 mg/kg) was used to induce the GDM. Blood glucose level (BGL), body weight and plasma insulin were assessed at regular time (gestational day 0, 9, and 18). Water intake, food intake, fecal and urine output were also estimated. In the female rats, hemoglobin (Hb), glycalated hemoglobin (HbA1c), hepatic glycogen, fructosamine, adiponectin, leptin, lipid, antioxidant and inflammatory cytokines parameters were estimated. In the fetuses, the fetues weight, implementation loss, and fetal weight were estimated. At the completion of the protocol, biochemical parameters were calculated. Gut microbiota was estimated in end of the study. Results: Nimbolide treatment significantly (p <.001) improved the fetuses level and suppressed the fetal weight and implantation loss. Nimbolide treatment significantly (p <.001) suppressed the BGL and enhanced the body weight, insulin level. Nimbolide treatment suppressed the water intake, food intake, urinary and fecal output. Nimbolide significantly (p <.001) suppressed the fructosamine, leptin and enhanced the adiponectin level. Nimbolide treatment significantly (p <.001) decreased the malonaldehyde (MDA) level and boosted the total antioxidant capacity (TAC), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione S-transferase (GST) and catalase (CAT); suppressed the level of TNF-α, IL-1β, IL-6, and boosted the level of IL-10. Furthermore, nimbolide treatment reversed the gut microbiota alteration induced via STZ in female rats. At the phylum level, the Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes relative abundance was altered via nimbolide treatment. The ratio of F/B boosted in GDM group and nimbolide treatment significantly (p <.001) suppressed. Nimbolide considerably suppressed the firmicutes and enhanced the Bacteroidetes, CAG-352, Lacnospirace. Conclusion: Based on the findings, we may conclude that nimbolide protects the pregnant rats from GDM via alteration of inflammation, oxidative stress, and gut microbiota. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Liver Steatosis: A Marker of Metabolic Risk in Children; Obesity is one of the greatest health challenges affecting children of all ages and ethnicities. Almost 19% of children and adolescents worldwide are overweight or obese, with an upward trend in the last decades. These reports imply an increased risk of fat accumulation in hepatic cells leading to a series of histological hepatic damages gathered under the acronym NAFLD (Non‐Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease). Due to the complex dynamics underlying this condition, it has been recently renamed as ‘Metabolic Dysfunction Associated Fatty Liver Disease (MAFLD)’, supporting the hypothesis that hepatic steatosis is a key component of the large group of clinical and laboratory abnormalities of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). This review aims to share the latest scientific knowledge on MAFLD in children in an attempt to offer novel insights into the complex dynamics underlying this condition, focusing on the novel molecular aspects. Although there is still no treatment with a proven efficacy for this condition, starting from the molecular basis of the disease, MAFLD’s therapeutic landscape is rapidly expanding, and different medications seem to act as modifiers of liver steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Genetic Variations of Vitamin A-Absorption and Storage-Related Genes, and Their Potential Contribution to Vitamin A Deficiency Risks Among Different Ethnic Groups; Vitamin A, an essential fat-soluble micronutrient, plays a critical role in the body, by regulating vision, immune responses, and normal development, for instance. Vitamin A deficiency (VAD) is a major cause of xerophthalmia and increases the risk of death from infectious diseases. It is also emerging that prenatal exposure to VAD is associated with disease risks later in life. The overall prevalence of VAD has significantly declined over recent decades; however, the rate of VAD is still high in many low- and mid-income countries and even in high-income countries among specific ethnic/race groups. While VAD occurs when dietary intake is insufficient to meet demands, establishing a strong association between food insecurity and VAD, and vitamin A supplementation is the primary solution to treat VAD, genetic contributions have also been reported to effect serum vitamin A levels. In this review, we discuss genetic variations associated with vitamin A status and vitamin A bioactivity-associated genes, specifically those linked to uptake of the vitamin in the small intestine and its storage in the liver, as well as their potential contribution to vitamin A deficiency risks among different ethnic groups. Copyright © 2022 Suzuki and Tomita.
Effects of alpha lipoic acid on metabolic syndrome: A comprehensive review; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a multifactorial disease with medical conditions such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. Alpha-lipoic acid (α-LA) possesses various pharmacological effects, including antidiabetic, antiobesity, hypotensive, and hypolipidemia actions. It exhibits reactive oxygen species scavenger properties against oxidation and age-related inflammation and refines MetS components. Also, α-LA activates the 5′ adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase and inhibits the NFκb. It can decrease cholesterol biosynthesis, fatty acid β-oxidation, and vascular stiffness. α-LA decreases lipogenesis, cholesterol biosynthesis, low-density lipoprotein and very low-density lipoprotein levels, and atherosclerosis. Moreover, α-LA increases insulin secretion, glucose transport, and insulin sensitivity. These changes occur via PI3K/Akt activation. On the other hand, α-LA treats central obesity by increasing adiponectin levels and mitochondrial biogenesis and can reduce food intake mainly by SIRT1 stimulation. In this review, the most relevant articles have been discussed to determine the effects of α-LA on different components of MetS with a special focus on different molecular mechanisms behind these effects. This review exhibits the potential properties of α-LA in managing MetS; however, high-quality studies are needed to confirm the clinical efficacy of α-LA. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Modelling female physiology from head to Toe: Impact of sex hormones, menstrual cycle, and pregnancy; Men and women exhibit notable differences not only in the reproductive system and reproductive behaviors, but in many other organ and physiological systems as well. Notable examples include; the stress and immune systems, the anatomy of the brain, and the metabolic and cardiovascular functions. Furthermore, female physiology is affected by the menstrual cycle and by pregnancy and lactation. If we are to successfully develop effective sex-based therapies, we must attain a comprehensive understanding of the effects of sex hormones, the menstrual cycle, and pregnancy on physiological function. By analyzing experimental findings, mathematical modelling can play a major role in facilitating and contributing to advancing the understanding of sex differences in physiology and pathophysiology. In this review, we present a survey of existing sex-specific modelling studies of physiological systems, describe the impact of the menstrual cycle and pregnancy, and discuss future modelling opportunities. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The importance of nutrition in pregnancy and lactation: lifelong consequences; Most women in the United States do not meet the recommendations for healthful nutrition and weight before and during pregnancy. Women and providers often ask what a healthy diet for a pregnant woman should look like. The message should be “eat better, not more.” This can be achieved by basing diet on a variety of nutrient-dense, whole foods, including fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, healthy fats with omega-3 fatty acids that include nuts and seeds, and fish, in place of poorer quality highly processed foods. Such a diet embodies nutritional density and is less likely to be accompanied by excessive energy intake than the standard American diet consisting of increased intakes of processed foods, fatty red meat, and sweetened foods and beverages. Women who report “prudent” or “health-conscious” eating patterns before and/or during pregnancy may have fewer pregnancy complications and adverse child health outcomes. Comprehensive nutritional supplementation (multiple micronutrients plus balanced protein energy) among women with inadequate nutrition has been associated with improved birth outcomes, including decreased rates of low birthweight. A diet that severely restricts any macronutrient class should be avoided, specifically the ketogenic diet that lacks carbohydrates, the Paleo diet because of dairy restriction, and any diet characterized by excess saturated fats. User-friendly tools to facilitate a quick evaluation of dietary patterns with clear guidance on how to address dietary inadequacies and embedded support from trained healthcare providers are urgently needed. Recent evidence has shown that although excessive gestational weight gain predicts adverse perinatal outcomes among women with normal weight, the degree of prepregnancy obesity predicts adverse perinatal outcomes to a greater degree than gestational weight gain among women with obesity. Furthermore, low body mass index and insufficient gestational weight gain are associated with poor perinatal outcomes. Observational data have shown that first-trimester gain is the strongest predictor of adverse outcomes. Interventions beginning in early pregnancy or preconception are needed to prevent downstream complications for mothers and their children. For neonates, human milk provides personalized nutrition and is associated with short- and long-term health benefits for infants and mothers. Eating a healthy diet is a way for lactating mothers to support optimal health for themselves and their infants. © 2022 The Authors
Time-restricted feeding prevents metabolic diseases through the regulation of galanin/GALR1 expression in the hypothalamus of mice; Purpose: Time-restricted feeding (TRF) reverses obesity and insulin resistance, yet the central mechanisms underlying its beneficial effects are not fully understood. Recent studies suggest a critical role of hypothalamic galanin and its receptors in the regulation of energy balance. It is yet unclear whether TRF could regulate the expression of galanin and its receptors in the hypothalamus of mice fed a high-fat diet. Methods: To test this effect, we subjected mice to either ad lib or TRF of a high-fat diet for 8 h per day. After 4 weeks, galanin and many neuropeptides associated with the function of metabolism were examined. Results: The present findings showed that mice under TRF consume equivalent calories from a high-fat diet as those with ad lib access, yet are protected against obesity and have improved glucose metabolism. Plasma galanin, orexin A, irisin and adropin levels were significantly reversed by TRF regimen. Besides, TRF regimen reversed the progression of metabolic disorders in mice by increasing GLUT4 and PGC-1α expression in skeletal muscles. Moreover, the levels of galanin and GALR1 expression were severely diminished in the hypothalamus of the TRF mice, whereas GALR2 was highly expressed. Conclusions: TRF diminished galanin and GALR1 expression, and increased GALR2 expression in the hypothalamus of mice fed a high-fat diet. The current studies provide additional evidence that TRF is effective in improving HFD-induced hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in mice, and this effect could be associated with TRF-induced changes of the galanin systems in the hypothalamus. Level of evidence: No level of evidence, animal studies © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
The miR-23–27–24 cluster: an emerging target in NAFLD pathogenesis; The incidence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing globally, being the most widespread form of chronic liver disease in the west. NAFLD includes a variety of disease states, the mildest being non-alcoholic fatty liver that gradually progresses to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, fibrosis, cirrhosis, and eventually hepatocellular carcinoma. Small non-coding single-stranded microRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression at the miRNA or translational level. Numerous miRNAs have been shown to promote NAFLD pathogenesis and progression through increasing lipid accumulation, oxidative stress, mitochondrial damage, and inflammation. The miR-23–27–24 clusters, composed of miR-23a–27a–24–2 and miR-23b–27b–24–1, have been implicated in various biological processes as well as many diseases. Herein, we review the current knowledge on miR-27, miR-24, and miR-23 in NAFLD pathogenesis and discuss their potential significance in NAFLD diagnosis and therapy. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to CPS and SIMM.
Extracellular Vesicles as An Index for Endothelial Injury and Cardiac Dysfunction in a Rodent Model of GDM; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal cardiovascular complications. It is widely believed that maternal endothelial dysfunction is a critical determinant of these risks, however, connections to maternal cardiac dysfunction and mechanisms of pathogenesis are unclear. Circulating extracellular vesicles (EVs) are emerging bi-omarkers that may provide insights into the pathogenesis of GDM. We examined the impact of GDM on maternal cardiac and vascular health in a rat model of diet‐induced obesity‐associated GDM. We observed a >3‐fold increase in circulating levels of endothelial EVs (p < 0.01) and von Willebrand factor (p < 0.001) in GDM rats. A significant increase in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) within circulating extracellular vesicles was also observed suggesting possible mitochondrial dysfunction in the vasculature. This was supported by nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide deficiency in aortas of GDM mice. GDM was also associated with cardiac remodeling (increased LV mass) and a marked impairment in maternal diastolic function (increased isovolumetric relaxation time [IVRT], p < 0.01). Finally, we observed a strong positive correlation between endothelial EV levels and IVRT (r = 0.57, p < 0.05). In summary, we observed maternal vascular and cardiac dysfunction in rodent GDM accompanied by increased circulating endothelial EVs and EV‐associated mitochon-drial DNA. Our study highlights a novel method for assessment of vascular injury in GDM and highlights vascular mitochondrial injury as a possible therapeutic target. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Largest Amplitude of Glycemic Excursion Calculating from Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Predicted the Episodes of Nocturnal Asymptomatic Hypoglycemia Detecting by Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Outpatients with Type 2 Diabetes; Aims: Nocturnal asymptomatic hypoglycemia (NAH) is a serious complication of diabetes, but it is difficult to be detected clinically. This study was conducted to determine the largest amplitude of glycemic excursion (LAGE) to predict the episodes of NAH in outpatients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Data were obtained from 313 outpatients with type 2 diabetes. All subjects received continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) for consecutive 72 hours. The episodes of NAH and glycemic variability indices (glucose standard deviation [SD], mean amplitude of plasma glucose excursion [MAGE], mean blood glucose [MBG]) were accessed via CGM. LAGE was calculated from self-monitoring blood glucose (SMBG). Results: A total of 76 people (24.3%) had NAH. Compared to patients without NAH, patients with NAH showed higher levels of glucose SD (2.4 ± 0.9 mmol/L vs 1.7 ± 0.9 mmol/L, p <0.001), MAGE (5.2 ± 2.1 mmol/L vs 3.7 ± 2.0, p<0.001) and LAGE (4.6 ± 2.3 mmol/L vs 3.8 ± 1.9 mmol/L, p=0.007), and lower level of MBG (7.5 ± 1.5 mmol/L vs 8.4 ± 2.2 mmol/L, p=0.002). LAGE was significantly associated with the incidence of NAH and time below rang (TBR) in model 1 [NAH: 1.189 (1.027-1.378), p=0.021; TBR: 0.008 (0.002-0.014), p=0.013] with adjustment for age, BMI, sex, work, hyperlipidemia, complication and medication, and in model 2 [NAH: 1.177 (1.013-1.367), p=0.033; TBR: 0.008 (0.002-0.014), p=0.012] after adjusting for diabetes duration based on model 1, as well as in model 3 [NAH: 1.244 (1.057-1.464), p=0.009; TBR: 0.009 (0.002-0.016), p=0.007] with further adjustment for HbA1c based on model 2. In addition, no significant interactions were found between LAGE and sex, age, HbA1c, duration of diabetes, BMI and insulin therapy on the risk of NAH. The receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve shows the ideal cutoff value of LAGE for the prediction of NAH was 3.48 mmol/L with 66.7% sensitivity, 50% specificity and 0.587 (95% CI: 0.509-0.665) of area under the ROC curve. Conclusions: High glycemic variability is strongly associated with the risk of NAH. The LAGE based on SMBG could be an independent predictor of NAH for outpatients with type 2 diabetes, and LAGE greater than 3.48 mmol/L could act as a warning alarm for high risk of NAH in daily life. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Tan, Wu, Shen, Huang, Wang, Liu, Song, Lin, Shi and Li.
Calcifediol During Pregnancy Improves Maternal and Fetal Availability of Vitamin D Compared to Vitamin D3 in Rats and Modifies Fetal Metabolism; The fetus depends on the transplacental transfer of vitamin D. Calcifediol (25-OH-D3) is the vitamin D metabolite that crosses the placenta. Previously, oral 25-OH-D3 improved serum 25-OH-D3 compared to vitamin D3 in non-pregnant subjects, although no studies are available in pregnant women. We evaluated the availability of oral 25-OH-D3 compared to vitamin D3 during pregnancy, as well as, their levels in the fetus and effect on metabolism-related proteins. Twenty female rats per group were fed with 25 μg/kg of diet of vitamin D3 (1,000 UI vitamin D/kg diet) or with 25 μg/kg diet of 25-OH-D3. We analyzed 25-OH-D3 levels in maternal and fetal plasma; protein levels of vitamin D receptor (VDR), fatty acid translocase (FAT), and scavenger-receptor class B type-1 (SR-B1) in both maternal liver and placenta; and protein levels of VDR and Glutamate decarboxylase (GAD67) in fetal brain. 25-OH-D3 doubled the concentration of 25-OH-D3 in both maternal and fetal plasma compared to vitamin D3. In addition, maternal liver VDR, FAT, and SR-BI increased significantly in the 25-OH-D3 group, but no changes were found in the placenta. Interestingly, 25-OH-D3 decreased GAD67 expression in the fetal brain and it also tended to decrease VDR (P = 0.086). In conclusion, 25-OH-D3 provided better vitamin D availability for both mother and fetus when administered during pregnancy compared to vitamin D3. No adverse effects on pregnancy outcomes were observed. The effects of 25-OH-D3 on the expression of VDR and GAD67 in fetal brain require further investigation. Copyright © 2022 Gázquez, Sánchez-Campillo, Barranco, Rueda, Chan, Kuchan and Larqué.
Influence of gut microbiome on the human physiology; Trillions of microbes harbor the gastrointestinal tract and co-exist peacefully with the human host. Microbial diversity and composition among individuals depend upon human age, diet, and environmental factors. The dynamic population of the gut microbiome, majorly consisting of Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes, forms a complex ecological community. The collective metabolic activities and interaction of gut microbiota with the host exert a marked influence on human physiology. The gut microbiota help to perform various functions, such as maintenance of intestinal mucosal integrity, production of anti-microbial peptides, protection against foreign invaders, and immunity development. In addition, they also provide essential nutrients, such as enzymes and vitamins, and also take part in metabolite synthesis, which influences both cognitive and behavioral functions of the human host. Homeostatic equilibrium among gut microorganisms, and between the microbes and intestinal interface of the host allows the maintenance of beneficial microbiota. Any alteration or dysbiosis in gut microbial composition, due to a sedentary lifestyle or intake of an unbalanced diet, plays a crucial role in the development of diseases like systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, auto-immune and metabolic disorders. This review summarizes our current understanding of the gut microbial organization, its importance in the fundamental biological processes and the pathogenesis of various human diseases and infections, and also the prognostic, diagnostic, and therapeutic potential of the gut microbiota. © 2021, Jiangnan University.
Hepatoprotective and therapeutic effects of resveratrol: A focus on anti-inflammatory and antioxidative activities; Being the most essential organ in the body, the liver performs critical functions. Hepatic disorders, such as alcoholic liver disease, hepatic steatosis, liver fibrosis, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, hepatocellular carcinoma, and hepatic failure, have an impact on the biochemical and physiological functions of the body. The main representative of the flavonoid subgroup of flavones, resveratrol (RES), exhibits suitable pharmacological activities for treating various liver diseases, such as fatty hepatitis, liver steatosis, liver cancer, and liver fibrosis. According to various studies, grapes and red wine are good sources of RES. RES has various health properties; it is anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptotic, antioxidative, and hepatoprotective against several hepatic diseases and hepatoxicity. Therefore, we performed a thorough research and created a summary of the distinct targets of RES in various stages of liver diseases. We concluded that RES inhibited liver inflammation essentially by causing a significant decrease in the expression of various pro-inflammatory cytokines like TNF-α, IL-1α, IL-1β, and IL-6. It also inhibits the transcription factor nuclear NF-κB that brings about the inflammatory cascade. RES also inhibits the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway to induce apoptosis. Additionally, it reduces oxidative stress in hepatic tissue by markedly reducing malondialdehyde (MDA) and nitric oxide (NO) contents and significantly increasing the levels of catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and reduced hepatic glutathione (GSH), in addition to aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT), against toxic chemicals like CC14, As2O3, and TTA. Due to its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-fibrotic properties, RES reduces liver injury markers. RES is safe natural antioxidant that provides pharmacological rectification of the hepatoxicity of toxic chemicals. © 2021 Société Française de Pharmacologie et de Thérapeutique.
Exosomal miR-181a-2-3p derived from citreoviridin-treated hepatocytes activates hepatic stellate cells trough inducing mitochondrial calcium overload; Increasing evidences indicate the vital role of exosomes-mediated intercellular communication in the pathogenesis of liver fibrosis. However, the underlying mechanisms are still not clearly defined. In this study, we found that citreoviridin (CIT), a mycotoxin and ectopic ATP synthase (e-ATPS) inhibitor, induced liver fibrosis in mice. The exosomes derived from CIT-treated L-02 hepatocytes activated hepatic stellate cells (HSC) LX-2. With exosomal small RNA sequencing, we found 156 differentially expressed miRNAs in the exosomes from CIT-treated L-02 cells, and the predicted target genes of exosomal miRNAs were enriched in calcium signaling pathway. The exosomes from CIT-treated L-02 cells induced mitochondrial calcium accumulation in LX-2 cells. And pharmacological inhibition of mitochondrial calcium uptake relieved exosomes-activated fibrogenic response in LX-2 cells. The miR-181a-2-3p that was predicted to target-regulate mitochondrial calcium uptake 1 (MICU1) was significantly increased in the exosomes from CIT-treated L-02 cells. Exosomes-induced reduction of MICU1, mitochondrial calcium overload and activation of LX-2 cells were reversed by AntagomiR-181a-2-3p. In this study, we pointed out that exosomal miR-181a-2-3p from CIT-treated hepatocytes induced mitochondrial calcium accumulation and activated HSC subsequently through inhibiting the expression of MICU1, shedding new light on the mechanism underlying liver fibrosis and CIT hepatotoxicity. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Ginsenoside Rb1 Improves Metabolic Disorder in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice Associated With Modulation of Gut Microbiota; Gut microbiota plays an important role in metabolic homeostasis. Previous studies demonstrated that ginsenoside Rb1 might improve obesity-induced metabolic disorders through regulating glucose and lipid metabolism in the liver and adipose tissues. Due to low bioavailability and enrichment in the intestinal tract of Rb1, we hypothesized that modulation of the gut microbiota might account for its pharmacological effects as well. Here, we show that oral administration of Rb1 significantly decreased serum LDL-c, TG, insulin, and insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) in mice with a high-fat diet (HFD). Dynamic profiling of the gut microbiota showed that this metabolic improvement was accompanied by restoring of relative abundance of some key bacterial genera. In addition, the free fatty acids profiles in feces were significantly different between the HFD-fed mice with or without Rb1. The content of eight long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) was significantly increased in mice with Rb1, which was positively correlated with the increase of Akkermansia and Parasuttereller, and negatively correlated with the decrease of Oscillibacter and Intestinimonas. Among these eight increased LCFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), octadecenoic acids, and myristic acid were positively correlated with metabolic improvement. Furthermore, the colonic expression of the free fatty acid receptors 4 (Ffar4) gene was significantly upregulated after Rb1 treatment, in response to a notable increase of LCFA in feces. These findings suggested that Rb1 likely modulated the gut microbiota and intestinal free fatty acids profiles, which should be beneficial for the improvement of metabolic disorders in HFD-fed mice. This study provides a novel mechanism of Rb1 for the treatment of metabolic disorders induced by obesity, which may provide a therapeutic avenue for the development of new nutraceutical-based remedies for treating metabolic diseases, such as hyperlipidemia, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2022 Zou, Zhang, Zhu, Zhu, Chen, Luo, Xie, Chen, Zhang, Bu, Wei, Ye, Li, Yan, Zhou, Yang, Li, Zhou, Zhang, You, Zheng and Zhao.
Antiretroviral Therapy-Induced Dysregulation of Gene Expression and Lipid Metabolism in HIV+ Patients: Beneficial Role of Antioxidant Phytochemicals; Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection has continued to be the subject of study since its discovery nearly 40 years ago. Significant advances in research and intake of antiretroviral therapy (ART) have slowed the progression and appearance of the disease symptoms and the incidence of concomitant diseases, which are the leading cause of death in HIV+ persons. However, the prolongation of ART is closely related to chronic degenerative diseases and pathologies caused by oxidative stress (OS) and alterations in lipid metabolism (increased cholesterol levels), both of which are conditions of ART. Therefore, recent research focuses on using natural therapies to diminish the effects of ART and HIV infection: regulating lipid metabolism and reducing OS status. The present review summarizes current information on OS and cholesterol metabolism in HIV+ persons and how the consumption of certain phytochemicals can modulate these. For this purpose, MEDLINE and SCOPUS databases were consulted to identify publications investigating HIV disease and natural therapies and their associated effects. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Potential of Prebiotic and Probiotic Supplementation During Obese Pregnancy to Improve Maternal and Offspring’s Metabolic Health and Reduce Obesity Risk—A Narrative Review; Worldwide, obesity prevalence is rising, severely impairing the health of those affected by increasing their risk for developing non-communicable diseases. The pathophysiology of obesity is complex and caused by a variety of genetic and environmental factors. Recent findings suggest that obesity is partly caused by dysbiosis, an imbalanced gut microbiome. In the context of pregnancy, maternal dysbiosis increases the child’s obesity risk, causing an intergenerational cycle of obesity. Accordingly, interventions modulating the gut microbiome have the potential to interrupt this cycle. This review discusses the potential of pre- and probiotic interventions in modulating maternal obesity associated dysbiosis to limit the child’s obesity risk. The literature search resulted in four animal studies using prebiotics as well as one animal study and six human studies using probiotics. Altogether, prebiotic supplementation in animals successfully decreased the offspring’s obesity risk, while probiotic supplementation in humans failed to show positive impacts in the offspring. However, comparability between studies is limited and considering the complexity of the topic, more studies in this field are required. Copyright © 2022 Wiedmer and Herter-Aeberli.
Residual liver stiffness in the postpartum period in women with preeclampsia and healthy women: A case-control study; Objective: We aimed to assess the presence of residual liver stiffness in preeclampsia 45 days after delivery. Study design: This was a longitudinal case-control study to assess the association between residual liver stiffness, measured 45 days postpartum, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Cases were obstetric patients admitted with hypertension during pregnancy (preeclampsia with and without severe features, or HELLP syndrome) between June 2019 and September 2021. Controls were obstetric patients with similar ages, social status, gestational age (assessed by the first-trimester ultrasound), and geographical areas between the same period. A 2:1 case-control match was considered. Main outcome measures: We recorded blood pressure and laboratory tests during the hospital stay. We measured the residual liver stiffness in preeclampsia participants and controls 45 days after delivery. Results: We recruited 99 hypertensive patients and 46 control patients. The residual liver stiffness was higher in hypertensive cases than controls (4.6 [3.9–5.3] kPa vs. 4.0 [3.2–5.2] kPa; p = 0.039). Linear regression results showed that systolic and diastolic blood pressures and alanine aminotransferase positively correlated with liver stiffness values (p < 0.01). Conclusions: Preeclampsia and disease severity were associated with residual liver stiffness. Prospective studies should further evaluate the clinical implications of these findings. © 2022 The Authors
Isotope-dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry for quantification of human retinol binding protein 4 in serum; Serum retinol binding protein 4 levels play critical roles in the early diagnosis and therapeutic monitoring of diabetic kidney disease. In this paper, an liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry approach for the absolute quantification of serum RBP4 with high sensitivity and specificity was presented. Following series of procedures including denaturation, reduction, alkylation and trypsin digestion, the signature peptides of RBP4 were separated on the HPLC system by gradient elution. Quantitative analysis was achieved by a triple quadrupole mass spectrometer under multiple reaction monitoring in the positive ion (ESI+) mode. The calibration range was from 6.25 to 125 mg/L (R2 > 0.993), the lower limit of quantification was 2.50 mg/L, and the lower limit of detection reached 0.0150 mg/L. In the study, the accuracy ranged from 94.6% to 107%, and the relative standard deviation of intra-assay and inter-assay imprecision was less than 5%. The method was demonstrated to realize sensitive and reliable absolute quantification of serum RBP4 conforming to guidelines for bioanalytical method validation. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Ferroptosis and ferritinophagy in diabetes complications; Background: With long-term metabolic malfunction, diabetes can cause serious damage to whole-body tissue and organs, resulting in a variety of complications. Therefore, it is particularly important to further explore the pathogenesis of diabetes complications and develop drugs for prevention and treatment. In recent years, different from apoptosis and necrosis, ferroptosis has been recognized as a new regulatory mode of cell death and involves the regulation of nuclear receptor coactivator 4 (NCOA4)-mediated ferritinophagy. Evidence shows that ferroptosis and ferritinophagy play a significant role in the occurrence and development of diabetes complications. Scope of review: we systematically review the current understanding of ferroptosis and ferritinophagy, focusing on their potential mechanisms, connection, and regulation, discuss their involvement in diabetes complications, and consider emerging therapeutic opportunities and the associated challenges with future prospects. Major conclusions: In summary, ferroptosis and ferritinophagy are worthy targets for the treatment of diabetes complications, but their complete molecular mechanism and pathophysiological process still require further study. © 2022
DNA hydroxymethylation reprogramming of β-oxidation genes mediates early-life arsenic-evoked hepatic lipid accumulation in adult mice; The metabolic disorders are becoming an epidemic disease endangering public health in countries. Environmental factors are mainly reason for the growth of metabolic disorders. Previous research suggests that DNA methylation is a potential mechanism. Recently, it has been reported that DNA hydroxymethylation is also a stable marker of epigenetic reprogramming. Hence, the study aims to investigate whether DNA hydroxymehylation mediates early-life environmental stress-evoked metabolic disorder in adulthood. Mice were orally administered with arsenic (As), an environmental stressor, throughout pregnancy. We show that early-life As exposure induces glucose intolerance and hepatic lipid accumulation in adulthood. Early-life As exposure alters epigenetic reprogramming and expression of lipid metabolism-related genes including β-oxidation-specific genes in adulthood. Of interest, early-life As exposure alters epigenetic reprogramming of hepatic lipid metabolism partially through reducing DNA hydroxymethylation modification of β-oxidation-related genes in developing liver. Mechanistically, early-life As exposure suppresses ten-eleven translocation (TET) activity through downregulating isocitrate dehydrogenases (Idh) and reducing alpha-ketoglutarate (α-KG) content in the developing liver. In addition, early-life As exposure inhibits TET1 binding to CpG-rich fragments of β-oxidation-related genes in developing liver. This study provide novel evidence that early-life environmental stress leads to later life metabolic disorders by altering hepatic DNA hydroxymethylation reprogramming. © 2022
The Role of Dietary Intake in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Importance of Macro and Micronutrients in Glucose Homeostasis; The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing worldwide. Genetics and lifestyle, especially diet, are contributing factors. Analyses of macro-and micronutrient intake across global populations may help to explain their impact on glucose homeostasis and disease development. To this end, 420 Tunisians were enrolled in a prospective cross-sectional study of daily food consumption. Various data were collected and blood samples were drawn for biochemical assay. A 24-h recall questionnaire was obtained from participants to evaluate dietary intake. Statistical analyses were conducted using Nutrilog and R software. Biochemical analyses stratified the studied population (n = 371) into three groups: diabetics (n = 106), prediabetics (n = 192) and controls (n = 73); 49 subjects were excluded. Our results showed that Tunisians had hypercaloric diets high in carbohydrates and fat with variability in the levels of some vitamins and minerals, including riboflavin and niacin, that were statistically different among groups. The lower intake of vitamin D was associated with a greater risk of T2D. Higher vitamin A and sodium intake were associated with poor glucose homeostasis, although protein intake may improve it. In perspective, nutrigenomic studies can provide insight into problematic diets and poor eating habits and offer opportunities to analyze the effects of behavioral changes that can mitigate T2D development and progression. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Qingluotongbi formula regulates the LXRα-ERS-SREBP-1c pathway in hepatocytes to alleviate the liver injury caused by Tripterygium wilfordii Hook. f.; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Tripterygium wilfordii Hook. f. (TW) is widely used to treat autoimmune and inflammatory diseases; however, its development and application is limited by its significant association with liver injury. The compound formula Qingluotongbi (QLT) employs TW as its main component and is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis with no adverse reactions, suggesting that QLT may reduce the liver toxicity of TW. Aim of the study: We examined whether TW interferes with lipid metabolism to induce liver injury, and evaluated the protective effect of QLT in in vivo and in vitro experiments. Materials and methods: After administration of QLT and its ingredients, HepaRG cells and SD rats were tested for biochemical indicators, hepatocytes lipid changes, and rat liver pathological changes, and then we analyzed for the gene expression of liver X receptor α (LXRα), endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) key proteins, sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c), and lipid-synthesizing enzymes. In HepaRG cells, the protein expression of glucose-regulated protein 78 kDa (GRP78) and LXRα was detected after addition of an LXRα inhibitor, LXRα agonist, and ERS inhibitor. Results: TW caused significant elevation of biochemical indicators and lipid droplet deposition in hepatocytes, as well as upregulated the gene expression of LXRα, ERS key proteins, SREBP-1c, and lipid-synthesizing enzymes in both in vitro and in vivo settings, and caused liver injury in rats. QLT can alleviate the lipotoxic liver injury caused by TW. LXRα agonist further activated ERS induced by TW, whereas LXRα inhibitor significantly reduced ERS and lipotoxic injury induced by TW in HepaRG cells. Conclusions: TW upregulated LXRα to activate ERS and increased the gene expression of SREBP-1c and lipid-synthesizing enzymes, leading to increased lipid synthesis in hepatocytes to result in liver injury. QLT inhibited the LXRα-ERS-SREBP-1c pathway and reduced abnormal lipid synthesis in hepatocytes and the hepatotoxicity of TW. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy: updated guidelines for clinical behavior.; Hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy are a leading cause of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality worldwide. Their etiology is complex, multifactorial and not yet fully understood; however, there is recent evidence that the symptoms are attributable to an excessive inflammatory response causing widespread endothelial damage. During the last few years, our understanding of these entities has progressed, leading to modified definitions and diagnostic criteria for hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy. Although it is possible to control blood pressure with antihypertensive drugs and prevent seizures with magnesium sulfate, for the time being the only definitive treatment for preeclampsia and eclampsia remains scheduled, often premature, delivery. This study provides updated guidelines for early diagnosis and timely treatment of the different types of hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy. © 2022 Sociedad de Obstetricia y Ginecologia de Venezuela. All rights reserved.
Down-regulation of AMPK/PPARδsignalling promotes endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced endothelial dysfunction in adult rat offspring exposed to maternal diabetes; Aims: Exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with increased prevalence of hypertension in the offspring. The mechanisms underlying the prenatal programming of hypertension remain unclear. Because endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress plays a key role in vascular endothelial dysfunction in hypertension, we investigated whether aberrant ER stress causes endothelial dysfunction and high blood pressure in the offspring of dams with diabetes. Methods and results: Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were intraperitoneally injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) or citrate buffer at Day 0 of gestation. Compared with control mother offspring (CMO), the diabetic mother offspring (DMO) had higher blood pressure and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation in mesenteric arteries, accompanied by decreased AMPK phosphorylation and PPARδexpression, increased ER stress markers, and reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels. The inhibition of ER stress reversed these aberrant changes in DMO. Ex vivo treatment of mesenteric arteries with an AMPK agonist (A769662) or a PPARδagonist (GW1516) improved the impaired EDR in DMO and reversed the tunicamycin-induced ER stress, ROS production, and EDR impairment in mesenteric arteries from CMO. The effects of A769662 were abolished by co-treatment with GSK0660 (PPARδantagonist), whereas the effects of GW1516 were unaffected by Compound C (AMPK inhibitor). Conclusion: These results suggest an abnormal foetal programming of vascular endothelial function in offspring of rats with maternal diabetes that is associated with increased ER stress, which can be ascribed to down-regulation of AMPK/PPARδsignalling cascade. © 2021 Published on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.
Synergistic effects of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and intake of nettle on serum levels of chemerin and beta cells function in type 2 diabetic rats; Objectives: This animal study aimed to demonstrate the synergistic effect of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and alcoholic extract of nettle on serum chemerin and beta cells function in type 2 diabetic male rats. Methods: Thirty-two STZ-induced diabetic male Wistar rats were randomly divided into four groups including the control group, the supplemented group with 200 mg/day of nettle, the training group with five sessions per week of HIIT, and the group with combined nettle and HITT intervention. Body weight, lipid profile, beta cells function, and chemerin level were assessed after eight weeks of the intervention. Results: The values of chemerin significantly decreased in combined HIIT and nettle intervention group compared to the control group (p=0.001). The levels of glucose and insulin decreased significantly in nettle group, exercise group, and combined HIIT and nettle group (p=0.001). Conclusions: The present study found that intense interval exercise with the consumption of alcoholic extract of nettle can affect the performance of beta cells, glucose, and insulin. Future human studies are warranted. © 2022 De Gruyter. All rights reserved.
Asprosin, a C-Terminal Cleavage Product of Fibrillin 1 Encoded by the FBN1 Gene, in Health and Disease; Background: Asprosin is a novel fasting-induced, glucogenic, and orexigenic protein hormone that is discovered with the help of genetic studies in patients with neonatal progeroid syndrome. Asprosin is encoded by the penultimate 2 exons (65 and 66) of the fibrillin 1 (FBN1) gene. Profibrillin 1 is the unprocessed protein product of FBN1 and undergoes a proteolytic cleavage by furin enzyme to produce mature fibrillin 1 and asprosin. The main organ responsible for the asprosin production seems to be white adipose tissue. Summary: Asprosin promotes hepatic glucose release in the liver and appetite stimulation in the hypothalamus through activation of the cAMP signaling circuitry through interacting with its G protein-coupled receptor, called OR4M1. Increasing mass of evidence suggests that asprosin is involved in the development and progression of various clinical conditions including diabetes, obesity, cardiomyopathy, cancer, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. It regulates various cellular and physiological processes such as appetite stimulation, glucose release, insulin secretion, apoptotic cell death, and inflammatory response. In this review, we discuss the current literature on asprosin and try to shed light on the yet undiscovered functions of asprosin. Key Message: Asprosin is a key regulatory factor for preserving the homeostasis of energy metabolism.  © 2023 The Author(s).
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring; BACKGROUND Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver. © 2022 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Putative therapeutic impacts of cardiac CTRP9 in ischaemia/reperfusion injury; Recently, cytokines belonging to C1q/tumour necrosis factor-related proteins (CTRPs) superfamily have attracted increasing attention due to multiple metabolic functions and desirable anti-inflammatory effects. These various molecular effectors exhibit key roles upon the onset of cardiovascular diseases, making them novel adipo/cardiokines. This review article aimed to highlight recent findings correlated with therapeutic effects and additional mechanisms specific to the CTRP9, particularly in cardiac ischaemia/reperfusion injury (IRI). Besides, the network of the CTPR9 signalling pathway and its possible relationship with IRI were discussed. Together, the discovery of all involved underlying mechanisms could shed light to alleviate the pathological sequelae after the occurrence of IRI. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
RNA-seq reveals insights into molecular mechanisms of metabolic restoration via tryptophan supplementation in low birth weight piglet model; Low birth weight (LBW) is associated with metabolic disorders in early life. While dietary l-Tryptophan (Trp) can ameliorate postprandial plasma triglycerides (TG) disposal in LBW piglets, the genetic and biological basis underlying Trp-caused alterations in lipid metabolism is poorly understood. In this study, we collected 24 liver samples from 1-mo-old LBW and normal birth weight (NBW) piglets supplemented with different concentrations of dietary Trp (NBW with 0% Trp, N0; LBW with 0% Trp, L0; LBW with 0.4% Trp, L4; LBW with 0.8% Trp, L8; N = 6 in each group.) and conducted systematic, transcriptome-wide analysis using RNA sequencing (RNA-seq). We identified 39 differentially expressed genes (DEG) between N0 and L0, and genes within "increased dose effect"clusters based on dose-series expression profile analysis, enriched in fatty acid response of gene ontology (GO) biological process (BP). We then identified RNA-binding proteins including SRSF1, DAZAP1, PUM2, PCBP3, IGF2BP2, and IGF2BP3 significantly (P < 0.05) enriched in alternative splicing events (ASE) in comparison with L0 as control. There were significant positive and negative relationships between candidate genes from co-expression networks (including PID1, ANKRD44, RUSC1, and CYP2J34) and postprandial plasma TG concentration. Further, we determined whether these candidate hub genes were also significantly associated with metabolic and cardiovascular traits in humans via human phenome-wide association study (Phe-WAS), and analysis of mammalian orthologs suggests a functional conservation between human and pig. Our work demonstrates that transcriptomic changes during dietary Trp supplementation in LBW piglets. We detected candidate genes and related BP that may play roles on lipid metabolism restoration. These findings will help to better understand the amino acid support in LBW metabolic complications.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society of Animal Science.
High Maternal Triglyceride Levels Mediate the Association between Pre-Pregnancy Overweight/Obesity and Macrosomia among Singleton Term Non-Diabetic Pregnancies: A Prospective Cohort Study in Central China; This study aimed at examining the risk of macrosomia, in relation to maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity mediated via high maternal triglyceride (mTG) levels. In this prospective study, 24,730 singleton term non-diabetic pregnancies were finally included. Serum mTG levels were measured using fasting blood samples that were collected after 28 weeks of gestation. High mTG levels were defined as values ≥ the 90th percentile. The outcome of interest was macrosomia (≥4000 g). Log-binomial regression was used to assess the mediation path between overweight/obesity, high mTG levels, and macrosomia. The mediation analysis found a total effect of overweight on macrosomia of 0.006 (95% CI, 0.001–0.010), including a direct effect of 0.005 (95% CI, 0.001, 0.009) and indirect effect of 0.001 (95% CI, 0.000–0.001), with an estimated proportion of 11.1% mediated by high mTG levels. Additionally, we also found a total effect of obesity on macrosomia of 0.026 (95% CI, 0.018–0.036), including a direct effect of 0.025 (95% CI, 0.017–0.036) and indirect effect of 0.001 (95% CI, 0.000–0.001), with an estimated proportion of 3.8% mediated by high mTG levels. In conclusion, non-diabetic women with overweight or obesity had an increased risk of macrosomia, and this positive association was partly mediated by high mTG levels. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal antagonism of Glp1 reverses the adverse outcomes of sleeve gastrectomy on mouse offspring; Mothers that underwent bariatric surgery are at higher risk for delivering a small-for-gestational age (SGA) infant. This phenomenon is attributed to malabsorption and rapid weight loss following surgery. We compared pregnancy outcomes in lean mice that underwent sham surgery or sleeve gastrectomy (SG). SG led to a reduction in glucose levels and an increase in postprandial levels of glucagon-like peptide 1 (Glp1) without affecting mice weight during pregnancy. Pups of SGoperated mice (SG pups) were born SGA. The placenta and pancreas of the pups were not affected by SG, although a high-fat diet caused hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance in male SG pups. Treatment with a Glp1 receptor antagonist during pregnancy normalized the birth weight of SG pups and diminished the adverse response to a high-fat diet without affecting glucose levels of pregnant mice. The antagonist did not affect the birth weight of pups of sham-operated mice. Our findings link elevated Glp1 signaling, rather than weight loss, to the increased prevalence of SGA births following bariatric surgery with metabolic consequences for the offspring. The long-term effects of bariatric surgery on the metabolic health of offspring of patients require further investigation.  © 2022, Hefetz et al.
Cord Blood Advanced Lipoprotein Testing Reveals an Interaction between Gestational Diabetes and Birth-Weight and Suggests a New Early Biomarker of Infant Obesity; Abnormal lipid metabolism is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and is observed in neonates with abnormal fetal growth. However, the underlying specific changes in the lipoprotein profile remain poorly understood. Thus, in the present study we used a novel nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)-based approach to profile the umbilical cord serum lipoproteins. Two-dimensional diffusion-ordered 1H-NMR spectroscopy showed that size, lipid content, number and concentration of particles within their subclasses were similar between offspring born to control (n = 74) and GDM (n = 62) mothers. Subsequent data stratification according to newborn birth-weight categories, i.e., small (n = 39), appropriate (n = 50) or large (n = 49) for gestational age (SGA, AGA and LGA, respectively), showed an interaction between GDM and birth-weight categories for inter-mediate-density lipoproteins (IDL)-cholesterol content and IDL-and low-density lipoproteins (LDL)-triglyceride content, and the number of medium very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL) and LDL particles specifically in AGA neonates. Moreover, in a 2-year follow-up study, we observed that small LDL particles were independently associated with offspring obesity at 2 years (n = 103). Collectively, our data demonstrate that GDM disturbs triglyceride and cholesterol lipoprotein content across birth-weight categories, with AGA neonates born to GDM mothers displaying a profile more similar to that of adults with dyslipidemia. Furthermore, an altered fetal lipoprotein pattern was associated with the development of obesity at 2 years. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Naturally occurring mutations in G protein-coupled receptors associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus; G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are the largest family of membrane receptors involved in the regulation of almost all known physiological processes. Dysfunctions of GPCR-mediated signaling have been shown to cause various diseases. The prevalence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), two strongly associated disorders, is increasing worldwide, with tremendous economical and health burden. New safer and more efficacious drugs are required for successful weight reduction and T2DM treatment. Multiple GPCRs are involved in the regulation of energy and glucose homeostasis. Mutations in these GPCRs contribute to the development and progression of obesity and T2DM. Therefore, these receptors can be therapeutic targets for obesity and T2DM. Indeed some of these receptors, such as melanocortin-4 receptor and glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor, have provided important new drugs for treating obesity and T2DM. This review will focus on the naturally occurring mutations of several GPCRs associated with obesity and T2DM, especially incorporating recent large genomic data and insights from structure-function studies, providing leads for future investigations. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Spexin: Its role, regulation, and therapeutic potential in the hypothalamus; Spexin is the most recently discovered member of the galanin/kisspeptin/spexin family of peptides. This 14-amino acid peptide is highly conserved and is implicated in homeostatic functions including, but not limited to, metabolism, energy homeostasis, and reproduction. Spexin is expressed by neurons in the hypothalamus, which coordinate energy homeostasis and reproduction. Critically, levels of spexin appear to be altered in disorders related to energy homeostasis and reproduction, such as obesity, diabetes, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. In this review, we discuss the evidence for the involvement of spexin in the hypothalamic control of energy homeostasis and reproduction. The anorexigenic properties of spexin have been attributed to its effects on the energy-regulating neuropeptide Y/agouti-related peptide neurons and proopiomelanocortin neurons. While the role of spexin in reproduction remains unclear, there is evidence that gonadotropin-releasing hormone expressing neurons may produce and respond to spexin. Furthermore, we discuss the disorders and concomitant treatments, which have been reported to alter spexin expression, as well as the underlying signaling mechanisms that may be involved. Finally, we discuss the biochemical basis of spexin, its interaction with its cognate receptors, and how this information can be adapted to develop therapeutics for disorders related to the alteration of energy homeostasis and reproduction. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Adverse Effects of Perfluorooctane Sulfonate on the Liver and Relevant Mechanisms; Perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) is a persistent, widely present organic pollutant. PFOS can enter the human body through drinking water, ingestion of food, contact with utensils containing PFOS, and occupational exposure to PFOS, and can have adverse effects on human health. Increasing research shows that the liver is the major target of PFOS, and that PFOS can damage liver tissue and disrupt its function; however, the exact mechanisms remain unclear. In this study, we reviewed the adverse effects of PFOS on liver tissue and cells, as well as on liver function, to provide a reference for subsequent studies related to the toxicity of PFOS and liver injury caused by PFOS. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal obesogenic diet enhances cholestatic liver disease in offspring; Human and animal model data show that maternal obesity promotes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring and alters bile acid (BA) homeostasis. Here we investigated whether offspring exposed to maternal obesogenic diets exhibited greater cholestatic injury. We fed female C57Bl6 mice conventional chow (CON) or high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet and then bred them with lean males. Offspring were fed 3,5-diethoxycarbonyl-1,4-dihydrocollidine (DDC) for 2 weeks to induce cholestasis, and a subgroup was then fed CON for an additional 10 days. Additionally, to evaluate the role of the gut microbiome, we fed antibiotic-treated mice cecal contents from CON or HF/HS offspring, followed by DDC for 2 weeks. We found that HF/HS offspring fed DDC exhibited increased fine branching of the bile duct (ductular reaction) and fibrosis but did not differ in BA pool size or intrahepatic BA profile compared to offspring of mice fed CON. We also found that after 10 days recovery, HF/HS offspring exhibited sustained ductular reaction and periportal fibrosis, while lesions in CON offspring were resolved. In addition, cecal microbiome transplant from HF/HS offspring donors worsened ductular reaction, inflammation, and fibrosis in mice fed DDC. Finally, transfer of the microbiome from HF/HS offspring replicated the cholestatic liver injury phenotype. Taken together, we conclude that maternal HF/HS diet predisposes offspring to increased cholestatic injury after DDC feeding and delays recovery after returning to CON diets. These findings highlight the impact of maternal obesogenic diet on hepatobiliary injury and repair pathways during experimental cholestasis. © 2022 THE AUTHORS
American Association of Clinical Endocrinology Clinical Practice Guideline for the Diagnosis and Management of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Primary Care and Endocrinology Clinical Settings: Co-Sponsored by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD); Objective: To provide evidence-based recommendations regarding the diagnosis and management of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) to endocrinologists, primary care clinicians, health care professionals, and other stakeholders. Methods: The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology conducted literature searches for relevant articles published from January 1, 2010, to November 15, 2021. A task force of medical experts developed evidence-based guideline recommendations based on a review of clinical evidence, expertise, and informal consensus, according to established American Association of Clinical Endocrinology protocol for guideline development. Recommendation Summary: This guideline includes 34 evidence-based clinical practice recommendations for the diagnosis and management of persons with NAFLD and/or NASH and contains 385 citations that inform the evidence base. Conclusion: NAFLD is a major public health problem that will only worsen in the future, as it is closely linked to the epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Given this link, endocrinologists and primary care physicians are in an ideal position to identify persons at risk on to prevent the development of cirrhosis and comorbidities. While no U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved medications to treat NAFLD are currently available, management can include lifestyle changes that promote an energy deficit leading to weight loss; consideration of weight loss medications, particularly glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists; and bariatric surgery, for persons who have obesity, as well as some diabetes medications, such as pioglitazone and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, for those with type 2 diabetes mellitus and NASH. Management should also promote cardiometabolic health and reduce the increased cardiovascular risk associated with this complex disease. © 2022
Long-term impact of maternal dietary intervention on metabolic homeostasis in male offspring in mice; The long-term effect of changes in maternal dietary composition during pregnancy on the offspring's metabolic homeostasis is uncertain. We aimed to investigate the long-term effects of maternal balanced low-fat interventions on metabolic homeostasis of the offspring using a mouse model of gestational obesity induced by a high-fat diet (HFD). Male newborns in the balanced low-fat intervention group had significantly lower serum insulin and higher serum adiponectin levels than those in the HFD group. Changes in maternal dietary composition improved glucose tolerance in pups at 3 and 12 weeks of age. We also performed transcriptomic analysis of the liver in neonatal and 3-week-old pups. Genes in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor signaling pathway were significantly down-regulated in neonates in the balanced low-fat intervention group compared with the HFD group. A maternal balanced low-fat diet fully compensated for the detrimental effects of a maternal HFD on glucose metabolism, insulin tolerance, circulating insulin, dyslipidemia, and body weight gain in male offspring by changing the gene expression profile. These data suggest that maternal balanced low-fat intervention is critical for improving the metabolic health of future generations. © 2022
Irisin-Associated Neuroprotective and Rehabilitative Strategies for Stroke; Irisin, a newly discovered protein hormone that is secreted in response to low frequency whole body vibration (LFV), could be a promising post-stroke rehabilitation therapy for patients who are frail and cannot comply with regular rehabilitation therapy. Irisin is generated from a membrane-bound precursor protein fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 5 (FNDC5). Aside from being highly expressed in muscle, FNDC5 is highly expressed in the brain. The cleaved form of FNDC5 was found in the cerebrospinal fluid as well as in various regions of the brain. Numerous studies suggest that irisin plays a key role in brain metabolism and inflammation regulation. Both the metabolism and inflammation govern stroke outcome, and in a published study, we demonstrated that LFV therapy following middle cerebral artery occlusion significantly reduced innate immune response, improved motor function and infarct volume in reproductively senescent female rats. The observed effect of LFV therapy could be working via irisin, therefore, the current review focuses to understand various aspects of irisin including its mechanism of action on the brain. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Maternal High-Energy Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation Impairs Neurogenesis and Alters the Behavior of Adult Offspring in a Phenotype-Dependent Manner; Obesity is one of the biggest and most costly health challenges the modern world encoun-ters. Substantial evidence suggests that the risk of metabolic syndrome or obesity formation may be affected at a very early stage of development, in particular through fetal and/or neonatal overfeed-ing. Outcomes from epidemiological studies indicate that maternal nutrition during pregnancy and lactation has a profound impact on adult neurogenesis in the offspring. In the present study, an intergenerational dietary model employing overfeeding of experimental mice during prenatal and early postnatal development was applied to acquire mice with various body conditions. We inves-tigated the impact of the maternal high-energy diet during pregnancy and lactation on adult neu-rogenesis in the olfactory neurogenic region involving the subventricular zone (SVZ) and the rostral migratory stream (RMS) and some behavioral tasks including memory, anxiety and nociception. Our findings show that a maternal high-energy diet administered during pregnancy and lactation modifies proliferation and differentiation, and induced degeneration of cells in the SVZ/RMS of offspring, but only in mice where extreme phenotype, such as significant overweight/adiposity or obesity is manifested. Thereafter, a maternal high-energy diet enhances anxiety-related behavior in offspring regardless of its body condition and impairs learning and memory in offspring with an extreme phenotype. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Persistent organic pollutants and β-cell toxicity: a comprehensive review; Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are a diverse family of contaminants that show widespread global dispersion and bioaccumulation. Humans are continuously exposed to POPs through diet, air particles, and household and commercial products; POPs are consistently detected in human tissues, including the pancreas. Epidemiological studies show a modest but consistent correlation between exposure to POPs and increased diabetes risk. The goal of this review is to provide an overview of epidemiological evidence and an in-depth evaluation of the in vivo and in vitro evidence that POPs cause β-cell toxicity. We review evidence for six classes of POPs: dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), organochlorine pesticides (OCPs), organophosphate pesticides (OPPs), flame retardants, and per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). The available data provide convincing evidence implicating POPs as a contributing factor driving impaired glucose homeostasis, β-cell dysfunction, and altered metabolic and oxidative stress pathways in islets. These findings support epidemiological data showing that POPs increase diabetes risk and emphasize the need to consider the endocrine pancreas in toxicity assessments. Our review also highlights significant gaps in the literature assessing islet-specific endpoints after both in vivo and in vitro POP exposure. In addition, most rodent studies do not consider the impact of biological sex or secondary metabolic stressors in mediating the effects of POPs on glucose homeostasis and β-cell function. We discuss key gaps and limitations that should be assessed in future studies. Copyright © 2022 the American Physiological Society.
Programming of future generations during breastfeeding: The intricate relation between metabolic and neurodevelopment disorders; Lactation is a crucial postnatal programming window which can interfere with child development and predispose to metabolic disorders later in life, as insulin resistance and obesity. Although breastfeeding is known to prevent many diseases in the newborn, changes in milk composition have been correlated with alterations in central nervous system maturation and differentiation. Changes in milk quality and quantity may predispose to metabolic disorders later in life but have also been linked to the development of neuronal diseases. Maternal metabolic condition, diet and behaviours have been considered determinant for metabolic programming in the child, although the mechanisms involved remain to be elucidated. Some of such mechanisms may also be related with the increasing prevalence of neurodevelopmental and behavioural diseases in the younger generations. This review focuses on the interconnected risks between changes of maternal metabolic status/unbalanced diets during lactation and offspring's development of metabolic and neurodevelopmental disorders. Furthermore, the present review reunites the current knowledge about the mechanisms underlying the association between these disorders and highlights the need of further exploring the impact of lactation period on neurodevelopmental and metabolic outcomes. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Effectiveness of five interventions used for prevention of gestational diabetes: A network meta-analysis; Background:Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with short- and long-term health issues for mother and child; preventing these complications is crucially important. This study aimed to perform a systematic review and network meta-analysis of the relationships among 5 interventions used to prevent GDM.Materials and methods:A comprehensive literature search was performed to pool evidence from inception to June 30, 2020. The type of studies was confined to randomized control trials and quasi-randomized control trials published in English investigating the interventions for preventing GDM, including physical activity, dietary intervention, probiotic intervention, mixed intervention, and inositol supplementation. The data were pooled together to report the odds ratio (OR) of GDM with a corresponding 95% credible interval (CrI) and generate a network plot, the surface under the cumulative ranking curve plot, and contribution plot. In addition, loop inconsistency was examined, and a funnel plot combined with Egger test was used to measure heterogeneity.Results:The network meta-analysis included 46 randomized control trials involving 16,545 patients. Compared with placebo, physical activity (OR: 0.64, 95% CrI: 0.46-0.88) and probiotic intervention (OR: 0.57, 95% CrI: 0.34-0.96) reduced the incidence of GDM significantly. However, dietary intervention, a combination of physical activity and diet intervention, and inositol supplementation did not significantly alter GDM risk.Conclusions:Physical activity and probiotic intervention are more effective than placebo in reducing the risk of developing GDM. Future work should focus on the type, duration, frequency, and timing of physical activity and probiotic intervention. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Adrenomedullin ameliorates palmitic acid-induced insulin resistance through PI3K/Akt pathway in adipocytes; Aims: White adipose tissue (WAT) dysfunction has been associated with adipose tissue low-grade inflammation and oxidative stress leading to insulin resistance (IR). Adrenomedullin (ADM), an endogenous active peptide considered as an adipokine, is associated with adipocytes function. Methods: We evaluated the protective effects of ADM against IR in 3T3-L1 adipocytes treated by palmitic acid (PA) and in visceral white adipose tissue (vWAT) of obese rats fed with high-fat diet. Results: We found that endogenous protein expressions of ADM and its receptor in PA-treated adipocytes were markedly increased. PA significantly induced impaired insulin signaling by affecting phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)-protein kinase B (Akt) axis and glucose transporter-4 (GLUT-4) levels, whereas ADM pretreatment enhanced insulin signaling PI3K/Akt and GLUT-4 membrane protein levels, decreased pro-inflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and IL-6 levels, and improved oxidative stress accompanied with reduced reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and increased anti-oxidant enzymes manganese superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2), glutathione peroxidase (GPx1) and catalase (CAT) protein expressions. Furthermore, ADM treatment not only improved IR in obese rats, but also effectively restored insulin signaling, and reduced inflammation and oxidative stress in vWAT of obese rats. Conclusions: This study demonstrates a prevention potential of ADM against obesity-related metabolic disorders, due to its protective effects against IR, inflammation and oxidative stress in adipocytes. © 2022, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health; Purpose of reviewTo review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes.Recent findingsIt is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards.SummaryThe long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Adiponectin Deficiency Alters Placenta Function but Does Not Affect Fetal Growth in Mice; Adiponectin administration to pregnant mice decreases nutrient transport and fetal growth. An adiponectin deficiency, on the other hand, as seen in obese women during pregnancy, alters fetal growth; however, the mechanism is unclear. To determine the role of adiponectin on placenta function and fetal growth, we used adiponectin knockout, adiponectin heterozygote that displays reduced adiponectin levels, and wild-type mice on a control diet or high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet. Triglycerides (TGs) in the serum, liver, and placenta were measured using colorimetric assays. Gene expression was measured using quantitative RT-PCR. Adiponectin levels did not affect fetal weight, but it reduced adiponectin levels, increased fetal serum and placenta TG content. Wildtype dams on a HF/HS diet protected the fetuses from fatty acid overload as judged by increased liver TGs in dams and normal serum and liver TG levels in fetuses, while low adiponectin was associated with increased fetal liver TGs. Low maternal adiponectin increased the expression of genes involved in fatty acid transport; Lpl and Cd36 in the placenta. Adiponectin deficiency does not affect fetal growth but induces placental dysfunction and increases fetal TG load, which is enhanced with obesity. This could lead to imprinting effects on the fetus and the development of metabolic dysfunction in the offspring. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal immune activation and dietary soy isoflavone supplementation influence pig immune function but not muscle fiber formation; The goals of this study were to determine the impact of maternal PRRSV infection on offspring muscle and immune development and the potential of dietary soy isoflavones to mitigate those effects. Thirteen first-parity gilts ("gilts") were randomly allotted into one of three treatments: not infected and fed a diet devoid of isoflavones (CON), infected with porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) and fed the control diet (POS) or that supplemented with 1,500 mg/kg soy-derived isoflavones (ISF). Gilts were inoculated with PRRSV intranasally on gestational day (GD) 70. After farrowing (GD 114 ± 2), 1-2 offspring ("pigs") closest to the average litter weight were selected either at birth (3 ± 2 d of age) or weaning (21 ± 2 d of age) to determine body, muscle, and organ weights as well as muscle cell number and size. Four weaned pigs of average body weight within each litter were selected for postnatal immune challenge. At PND 52, pigs were injected with 5 ?g/kg BW lipopolysaccharide (LPS) intraperitoneally. Serum was collected at 0, 4, and 8 h following LPS administration to analyze tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-?). At PND 59, pigs were administered a novel vaccine to elicit an adaptive immune response. At PND 59, 66, and 73, peripheral blood mononuclear cells were isolated and T-cell populations determined by flow cytometry. Both POS and ISF pigs exhibited persistent PRRSV infections throughout the study (PND 1-73). At PND 3, whole body, muscle, and organ weights were not different (P > 0.22) between groups, with the exception of relative liver weight, which was increased (P < 0.05) in POS compared with CON pigs. At PND 21, ISF pigs had reduced (P ? 0.05) whole body and muscle weights, but greater (P < 0.05) kidney weight compared with CON, and greater (P < 0.05) relative liver weight compared with CON and POS. Muscle fiber number and size were not different (P > 0.39) between groups at birth or weaning. After LPS administration, TNF-? was greatest in ISF pigs (P < 0.05) at both 0 and 8 h post-challenge. At the peak time-point of 4 h post-challenge, ISF pigs had the greatest concentration of TNF-? and CON pigs had the lowest, with POS pigs being intermediate (P = 0.01). After vaccination, ISF offspring had shifts in T-cell populations indicating an impaired immune response. These data indicate that maternal PRRSV infection may impact offspring organ growth and immune function, particularly when the dam is supplemented with isoflavones.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society of Animal Science.
Sex differences in the intergenerational inheritance of metabolic traits; Strong evidence suggests that early-life exposures to suboptimal environmental factors, including those in utero, influence our long-term metabolic health. This has been termed developmental programming. Mounting evidence suggests that the growth and metabolism of male and female fetuses differ. Therefore, sexual dimorphism in response to pre-conception or early-life exposures could contribute to known sex differences in susceptibility to poor metabolic health in adulthood. However, until recently, many studies, especially those in animal models, focused on a single sex, or, often in the case of studies performed during intrauterine development, did not report the sex of the animal at all. In this review, we (a) summarize the evidence that male and females respond differently to a suboptimal pre-conceptional or in utero environment, (b) explore the potential biological mechanisms that underlie these differences and (c) review the consequences of these differences for long-term metabolic health, including that of subsequent generations. © 2022, Springer Nature Limited.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Impairs Placental Fatty Acid β-Oxidation and Metabolic Homeostasis in the Offspring; Maternal overnutrition can affect fetal growth and development, thus increasing susceptibility to obesity and diabetes in later life of the offspring. Placenta is the central organ connecting the developing fetus with the maternal environment. It is indicated placental fatty acid metabolism plays an essential role in affecting the outcome of the pregnancy and fetus. However, the role of placental fatty acid β-oxidation (FAO) in maternal overnutrition affecting glucose metabolism in the offspring remains unclear. In this study, C57BL/6J female mice were fed with normal chow or high-fat diet before and during pregnancy and lactation. The placenta and fetal liver were collected at gestation day 18.5, and the offspring's liver was collected at weaning. FAO-related genes and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling pathway were examined both in the placenta and in the human JEG-3 trophoblast cells. FAO-related genes were further examined in the liver of the fetuses and in the offspring at weaning. We found that dams fed with high-fat diet showed higher fasting blood glucose, impaired glucose tolerance at gestation day 14.5 and higher serum total cholesterol (T-CHO) at gestation day 18.5. The placental weight and lipid deposition were significantly increased in maternal high-fat diet group. At weaning, the offspring mice of high-fat diet group exhibited higher body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and increased serum T-CHO, compared with control group. We further found that maternal high-fat diet downregulated mRNA and protein expressions of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 (CPT2), a key enzyme in FAO, by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1α signaling pathway in the placenta. In JEG-3 cells, protein expressions of CPT2 and CPT1b were both downregulated by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1α signaling pathway under glucolipotoxic condition, but were later restored by the AMPK agonist 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxyamide ribonucleoside (AICAR). However, there was no difference in CPT2 and CPT1 gene expression in the liver of fetuses and offspring at weaning age. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet can impair gene expression involved in FAO in the placenta by downregulating the AMPK signaling pathway, and can cause glucose and lipid dysfunction of offspring at weaning, indicating that placental FAO may play a crucial role in regulating maternal overnutrition and metabolic health in the offspring. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Wang, Wu, Gao, Zheng and Zhang.
Current advances and future prospects in production of recombinant insulin and other proteins to treat diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is the most prevalent deadly disease caused by the destruction and dysfunction of pancreatic β cells that consequentially increased blood glucose levels. The management of this disease via external administration of insulin/insulin analogs has been difficult and challenging due to their limited production and accessibility at affordable prices. The conventional insulin production platforms (Escherichia coli, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and mammalian cell lines) with limited scalability and high upstream process costs have not been successful in meeting the rapidly increasing insulin demands. However, plants have been used as safe, scalable, environmentally friendly and cost-effective high capacity production platforms for recombinant orally delivered insulin. Recent technological advances in genome engineering and editing technologies for adequate insulin and insulin analogs production, renewable cellular sources of insulin through transplantation of islets or insulin-producing cells and reprogramming or differentiation of non β cells into β-like cells, used either alone or in combination, for diabetes containment are reviewed here along with their future prospects. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The invisible costs of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA): Systematic review and cost-of-illness analysis; Background Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a risk factor for several diseases and is correlated with other non-medical consequences that increase the disease’s clinical and economic burden. However, OSA’s impact is highly underestimated, also due to substantial diagnosis gaps. Objective This study aims at assessing the economic burden of OSA in the adult population in Italy by performing a cost-of-illness analysis with a societal perspective. In particular, we aimed at estimating the magnitude of the burden caused by conditions for which OSA is a proven risk factor. Methods A systematic literature review on systematic reviews and meta-analyses, integrated by expert opinion, was performed to identify all clinical and non-clinical conditions significantly influenced by OSA. Using the Population Attributable Fraction methodology, a portion of their prevalence and costs was attributed to OSA. The total economic burden of OSA for the society was estimated by summing the costs of each condition influenced by the disease, the costs due to OSA’s diagnosis and treatment and the economic value of quality of life lost due to OSA’s undertreatment. Results Twenty-six clinical (e.g., diabetes) and non-clinical (e.g., car accidents) conditions were found to be significantly influenced by OSA, contributing to an economic burden ranging from €10.7 to €32.0 billion/year in Italy. The cost of impaired quality of life due to OSA undertreatment is between €2.8 and €9.0 billion/year. These costs are substantially higher than those currently borne to diagnose and treat OSA (€234 million/year). Conclusions This study demonstrates that the economic burden due to OSA is substantial, also due to low diagnosis and treatment rates. Providing reliable estimates of the economic impact of OSA at a societal level may increase awareness of the disease burden and help to guide evidence-based policies and prioritisation for healthcare, ultimately ensuring appropriate diagnostic and therapeutic pathways for patients. Copyright: © 2022 Borsoi et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Prevalence of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in India: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) contributes to a large proportion of liver disease burden in the world. Several groups have studied the prevalence of NAFLD in the Indian population. Aim: A systematic review of the published literature and meta-analysis was carried out to estimate the prevalence of NAFLD in the Indian population. Methods: English language literature published until April 2021 was searched from electronic databases. Original data published in any form which had reported NAFLD prevalence in the Indian population were included. The subgroup analysis of prevalence was done based on the age (adults or children) and risk category, i.e., average-risk group (community population, participants of control arm, unselected participants, hypothyroidic individuals, athletes, aviation crew, and army personnel) and high-risk group (obesity or overweight, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, etc.). The prevalence estimates were pooled using the random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed with I2. Results: Sixty-two datasets (children 8 and adults 54) from 50 studies were included. The pooled prevalence of NAFLD was estimated from 2903 children and 23,581 adult participants. Among adults, the estimated pooled prevalence was 38.6% (95% CI 32–45.5). The NAFLD prevalence in average-risk and high-risk subgroups was estimated to be 28.1% (95% CI 20.8–36) and 52.8% (95% CI 46.5–59.1), respectively. The estimated NAFLD prevalence was higher in hospital-based data (40.8% [95% CI 32.6–49.3%]) than community-based data (28.2% [95% CI 16.9–41%]). Among children, the estimated pooled prevalence was 35.4% (95% CI 18.2–54.7). The prevalence among non-obese and obese children was 12.4 (95% CI 4.4–23.5) and 63.4 (95% CI 59.4–67.3), respectively. Conclusion: Available data suggest that approximately one in three adults or children have NAFLD in India. © 2021 Indian National Association for Study of the Liver
Use of an artificial intelligence-based rule extraction approach to predict an emergency cesarean section; Objective: One of the major problems with artificial intelligence (AI) is that it is generally known as a “black box”. Therefore, the present study aimed to construct an emergency cesarean section (CS) prediction system using an AI-based rule extraction approach as a “white box” to detect the cause for the emergency CS. Methods: Data were collected from all perinatal records of all delivery outcomes at Osaka Medical College between December 2014 and July 2019. We identified the delivery method for all deliveries after 36 gestational weeks as either (1) vaginal delivery or scheduled CS, or (2) emergency CS. From among these, we selected 52 risk factors to feed into an AI-based rule extraction algorithm to extract rules to predict an emergency CS. Results: We identified 1513 singleton deliveries (1285 [84.9%] vaginal deliveries, 228 emergency CS [15.1%]) and extracted 15 rules. We achieved an average accuracy of 81.90% using five-fold cross-validation and an area under the receiving operating characteristic curve of 71.46%. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first study to use interpretable AI-based rule extraction technology to predict an emergency CS. This system appears to be useful for identifying hidden factors for emergency CS. © 2021 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Hepatic adropin is regulated by estrogen and contributes to adverse metabolic phenotypes in ovariectomized mice; Objective: Menopause is associated with visceral adiposity, hepatic steatosis and increased risk for cardiovascular disease. As estrogen replacement therapy is not suitable for all postmenopausal women, a need for alternative therapeutics and biomarkers has emerged. Methods: 9-week-old C57BL/6 J female mice were subjected to ovariectomy (OVX) or SHAM surgery (n = 10 per group), fed a standard diet and sacrificed 6- & 12 weeks post-surgery. Results: Increased weight gain, hepatic triglyceride content and changes in hepatic gene expression of Cyp17a1, Rgs16, Fitm1 as well as Il18, Rares2, Retn, Rbp4 in mesenteric visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were observed in OVX vs. SHAM. Liver RNA-sequencing 6-weeks post-surgery revealed changes in genes and microRNAs involved in fat metabolism in OVX vs. SHAM mice. Energy Homeostasis Associated gene (Enho) coding for the hepatokine adropin was significantly reduced in OVX mice livers and strongly inversely correlated with weight gain (r = −0.7 p < 0.001) and liver triglyceride content (r = −0.4, p = 0.04), with a similar trend for serum adropin. In vitro, Enho expression was tripled by 17β-estradiol in BNL 1 ME liver cells with increased adropin in supernatant. Analysis of open-access datasets revealed increased hepatic Enho expression in estrogen treated OVX mice and estrogen dependent ERα binding to Enho. Treatment of 5-month-old OVX mice with Adropin (i.p. 450 nmol/kg/twice daily, n = 4,5 per group) for 6-weeks reversed adverse adipokine gene expression signature in VAT, with a trended increase in lean body mass and decreased liver TG content with upregulation of Rgs16. Conclusions: OVX is sufficient to induce deranged metabolism in adult female mice. Hepatic adropin is regulated by estrogen, negatively correlated with adverse OVX-induced metabolic phenotypes, which were partially reversed with adropin treatment. Adropin should be further explored as a potential therapeutic target and biomarker for menopause-related metabolic derangement. © 2022 The Authors
Adipose tissue measurement in clinical research for obesity, type 2 diabetes and NAFLD/NASH; Introduction: Excess body fat is linked to higher risks for metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease (CV), among other health conditions. However, it is not only the level but also the distribution of body fat that contributes to increased disease risks. For example, an increased level of abdominal fat, or visceral adipose tissue (VAT), is associated with a higher risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Methods: A review of the most relevant primary and secondary sources on body composition from the last 25 years was conducted. Relevant articles were identified using PUBMED and Google Scholar. Narrative synthesis was performed as statistical pooling was not possible due to the heterogeneous nature of the studies. Results: The body mass index (BMI) is commonly used as a proxy measure of body fatness. However, BMI does not reflect the level and distribution of body fat. Other anthropometric methods such as waist circumference measurement and waist-hip ratio, as well as methodologies like hydro densitometry, bioelectrical impedance, and isotope dilution are also limited in their ability to determine body fat distribution. Imaging techniques to define body composition have greatly improved performance over traditional approaches. Ultrasound (US), computed tomography (CT), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), are now commonly used in clinical research. Of these, MRI can provide the most accurate and high-resolution measure of body composition. In addition, MRI techniques are considered the best for the determination of fat at the organ level. On the other hand, imaging modalities require specialized, often expensive equipment and expert operation. Conclusions: Anthropometric methods are suitable for rapid, high-volume screening of subjects but do not provide information on body fat distribution. Imaging techniques are more accurate but are expensive and do not lend themselves for high throughput. Therefore, successful trial strategies require a tiered approach in which subjects are first screened using anthropometric methods followed by more sophisticated modalities during the execution of the trial. This article provides a brief description of the most clinically relevant adipose tissue measurement techniques and discusses their value in obesity, diabetes, and NAFLD/NASH clinical research. © 2022 The Authors. Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Serine Metabolism in Health and Disease and as a Conditionally Essential Amino Acid; L-serine plays an essential role in a broad range of cellular functions including protein synthesis, neurotransmission, and folate and methionine cycles and synthesis of sphingolipids, phospholipids, and sulphur containing amino acids. A hydroxyl side-chain of L-serine contributes to polarity of proteins, and serves as a primary site for binding a phosphate group to regulate protein function. D-serine, its D-isoform, has a unique role. Recent studies indicate increased require-ments for L-serine and its potential therapeutic use in some diseases. L-serine deficiency is associated with impaired function of the nervous system, primarily due to abnormal metabolism of phos-pholipids and sphingolipids, particularly increased synthesis of deoxysphingolipids. Therapeutic benefits of L-serine have been reported in primary disorders of serine metabolism, diabetic neurop-athy, hyperhomocysteinemia, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Use of L-serine and its metabolic products, specifically D-serine and phosphatidylserine, has been investigated for the therapy of renal diseases, central nervous system injury, and in a wide range of neurological and psychiatric disorders. It is concluded that there are disorders in which humans cannot synthesize L-serine in sufficient quantities, that L-serine is effective in therapy of disorders associated with its deficiency, and that L-serine should be classified as a “conditionally essential” amino acid. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis for the Assessment of Body Composition in Sarcopenia and Type 2 Diabetes; Sarcopenia is emerging as a severe complication in type 2 diabetes (T2DM). On the other hand, it has been documented that nutritional aspects, such as insufficient protein or total energy intake, increase sarcopenia risk. The analysis of body composition is a relevant approach to assess nutritional status, and different techniques are available. Among such techniques, bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is particularly interesting, since it is non-invasive, simple, and less expen-sive than the other techniques. Therefore, we conducted a review study to analyze the studies using BIA for body composition analysis in T2DM patients with sarcopenia or at risk of catching it. Revised studies have provided important information concerning relationships between body composition parameters (mainly muscle mass) and other aspects of T2DM patients’ conditions, including different comorbidities, and information on how to avoid muscle mass deterioration. Such relevant findings suggest that BIA can be considered appropriate for body composition analysis in T2DM complicated by sarcopenia/muscle loss. The wide size of the patients’ cohort in many studies confirms that BIA is convenient for clinical applications. However, studies with a specific focus on the validation of BIA, in the peculiar population of patients with T2DM complicated by sarcopenia, should be considered. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Influence of Practising Physical Activity on the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review; Background: During pregnancy, maintaining an inadequate lifestyle (bad eating habits, stress, consumption of toxic substances, etc.) generates complications such as pre-eclampsia, over-weight, lumbar pain and Gestational Diabetes. Objective: This review was carried out with the objective to determine the influence of practising physical activity on the prevention and treatment of Gestational Diabetes; and to evaluate the efficacy of interventions based on therapeutic exercise in the management of such diseases. Method: A systematic review of the publications of the last five years in Medline, Pubmed, Web of Science and Cinahl databases was conducting with the terms Exercise and Gestational Diabetes. Results: 25 articles were found, 9 were observational studies that analysed physical activity habits through questionnaires, and other 16 applied an intervention. With respect to the frequency of the sessions, most of these studies applied their interventions three times per week, with all of them ob-taining positive results. Regarding intensity, all the studies that referred to it concluded that it must be at least moderate, highlighting that, at all times, the limitations of pregnant women must be tak-en into account. Conclusion: Both for the prevention and treatment of this disease, the physical activity must be per-formed for a minimum of three times per week, at least in moderate intensity, and must be based on aerobic, resistance and strength exercises. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Premenopausal Syndrome and NAFLD: A New Approach Based on Gender Medicine; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a multifactorial condition that affects 25% of the world’s population. There is a clear difference in both geographical distribution and sex in childbearing age. These differences are reduced when women become older and senescence begins. The factors that affect the likelihood of developing NAFLD in a premenopausal woman are an imbalance of sex hormones (especially in estradiol and androgen), microbiome dysregulation, insulin resistance, early menarche, the length of time that the woman breastfeeds for and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). The aim of this review is to identify various physical ailments that may not appear to be serious to young women but that then affect the onset of NAFLD in perimenopause and can degenerate into NASH. These conditions should also be considered in future clinical management, as well as in research opportunities, in order to customize the monitoring and treatment of NAFLD, considering gender medicine for those women who had early metabolic symptoms that were not considered to be significant at the time. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Dietary Interventions Modulating Gut Microbiota and Cardiometabolic Diseases—Striving for New Standards in Microbiome Studies; Background & Aims: Cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) have shared properties and causes. Insulin resistance is a risk factor and characteristic of CMDs and has been suggested to be modulated by plasma metabolites derived from gut microbiota (GM). Because diet is among the most important modulators of GM, we performed a systematic review of the literature to assess whether CMDs can be modulated via dietary interventions targeting the GM. Methods: A systematic review of the literature for clinical studies was performed on Ovid MEDLINE and Ovid Embase. Studies were assessed for risk of bias and patterns of intervention effects. A meta-analysis with random effects models was used to evaluate the effect of dietary interventions on clinical outcomes. Results: Our search yielded 4444 unique articles, from which 15 randomized controlled trials and 6 nonrandomized clinical trials were included. The overall risk of bias was high in all studies. In general, most dietary interventions changed the GM composition, but no consistent effect could be found. Results of the meta-analyses showed that only diastolic blood pressure is decreased across interventions compared with controls (mean difference: −3.63 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, −7.09 to −0.17; I2 = 0%, P = .04) and that a high-fiber diet was associated with reduced triglyceride levels (mean difference: −0.69 mmol/L; 95% confidence interval, −1.36 to −0.02; I2 = 59%, P = .04). Other CMD parameters were not affected. Conclusions: Dietary interventions modulate GM composition, blood pressure, and circulating triglycerides. However, current studies have a high methodological heterogeneity and risk of bias. Well-designed and controlled studies are thus necessary to better understand the complex interaction between diet, microbiome, and CMDs. PROSPERO: CRD42020188405 © 2022 The Author(s)
Hormonal and enzymatic analysis for pancreas of diabetic and obese mice in Iraq; For our knowledge, this appears to be first Iraqi study aimed for detection the concentration of pancreatic exocrine enzymes and endocrine hormones as well as lipid profile in obese, diabetic as well as obese/diabetic mice. Totally, 80 adult male mice, Mus musculus were selected, prepared, divided to 4 groups, and submitted to experimentally period continued for 2 months, July and August 2021. The findings of pancreatic enzymes showed a significant decrease in values of amylase in diabetic and obese/diabetic mice. In the case of lipase, insignificant differences were observed between obese/diabetics, but not in obese/diabetic group. No significant differences were found between the concentrations of chymotrypsin throughout all study groups. Trypsin reduction was observed in diabetic and obese/diabetic groups. The findings of pancreatic hormones detected higher concentration of gastrin in diabetic mice, and lowered in obese/diabetic ones. Glucagon elevation was found in diabetic and obese/diabetic groups, while reduction in diabetic group. Though obese mice were revealed a high insulin concentration, diabetic and obese/diabetic groups showed lowering. There was significant reduction in levels of somatostatin in mice of diabetic and obese/diabetic groups. Significant decreases in values of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide were observed in mice of diabetic and obese/diabetic groups. In the case of lipid profile, there were significant increases in values of triglyceride among the groups of diabetic and obese/diabetic groups. Significant HDL reduction were recorded in diabetic and obese/diabetic groups, while higher values in obese group. In the case of LDL, total cholesterol and total cholesterol / HDL ratio exhibited significant increases among mice of obese/diabetic group, while decreases in obese/diabetics. In conclusion, pancreatic exocrine enzymes were positively impaired in diabetic as well as obese/diabetic groups but not in obese group; whereas, pancreatic endocrine hormones and lipid profiles were affected among all diseased groups when compared to control group. The role of pancreatic enzymes as well as hormones in the pathogenesis of metallic disorders warrants further investigations. © The Author(s).
Future Prospect of Oral Microbiota Influencing Allergy/Asthma Development; Allergic diseases have become a primary public health issue in a moderately prosperous society. Colonization of microorganisms early in life appears to be significant in guiding the regulation of childhood immune system maturation and allergy development. Since the oral cavity is the first position where most foreign antigens meet the immune system, the oral microbiota may play a key role in the development of allergies. However, the study on the effects of oral microorganisms on allergy/asthma is very restricted and should be actively investigated. It requires considerable effort to enrich our knowledge in this area of the relationship between the oral cavity and allergy/asthma. To promote the rapid progress of relevant research. In this review, we aimed to provide several insights into the role of the oral microbiota in allergy/asthma while prospecting future directions. Copyright © 2022 Cai, Zhao, Kang and Yang.
Ontogeny of circulating lipid metabolism in pregnancy and early childhood – a longitudinal population study; Background: There is mounting evidence that in utero and early life exposures may predispose an individual to metabolic disorders in later life; and dysregulation of lipid metabolism is critical in such outcomes. However, there is limited knowledge about lipid metabolism and factors causing lipid dysregulation in early life that could result in adverse health outcomes in later life. We studied the effect of antenatal factors such as gestational age, birth weight, and mode of birth on lipid metabolism at birth; changes in the circulating lipidome in the first 4 years of life and the effect of breastfeeding in the first year of life. From this study, we aim to generate a framework for deeper understanding into factors effecting lipid metabolism in early life, to provide early interventions for those at risk of developing metabolic disorders including cardiovascular diseases. Methods: We performed comprehensive lipid profiling of 1074 mother-child dyads in the Barwon Infant Study (BIS), a population-based pre-birth cohort and measured 776 distinct lipid features across 39 lipid classes using ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). We measured lipids in 1032 maternal serum samples at 28 weeks’ gestation, 893 cord serum samples at birth, 793, 735, and 511 plasma samples at 6, 12 months, and 4 years, respectively. Cord serum was enriched with long chain poly-unsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs), and corresponding cholesteryl esters relative to the maternal serum. We performed regression analyses to investigate the associations of cord serum lipid species with antenatal factors: gestational age, birth weight, mode of birth and duration of labour. Results: The lipidome differed between mother and newborn and changed markedly with increasing child’s age. Alkenylphosphatidylethanolamine species containing LC-PUFAs increased with child’s age, whereas the corresponding lysophospholipids and triglycerides decreased. Majority of the cord serum lipids were strongly associated with gestational age and birth weight, with most lipids showing opposing associations. Each mode of birth showed an independent association with cord serum lipids. Breastfeeding had a significant impact on the plasma lipidome in the first year of life, with up to 17-fold increases in a few species of alkyldiaclylglycerols at 6 months of age. Conclusions: This study sheds light on lipid metabolism in infancy and early childhood and provide a framework to define the relationship between lipid metabolism and health outcomes in early childhood. © Burugupalli et al.
Vitamin D3 enhances the effects of omega-3 oils against metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease in rat; This study investigated the effects of omega-3 oils (OM) and/or vitamin D3 (VD) against metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Forty rats were divided into negative (NC) and positive (PC) controls, OM, VD, and OM + VD groups, and MAFLD was induced by high-fat/high-fructose diet (12 weeks). Oral OM (415 mg/kg/day) and/or intramuscular VD (290 IU/kg/day) were given for 4 weeks (5 times/week). The PC animals were markedly obese and had hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, elevated liver enzymes, abnormal hepatic histology, and increased caspase-3 with apoptosis than the NC group. The expression of hepatic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α (PPAR-α; 5.3-fold), insulin induced gene-1 (INSIG1; 7.8-fold), adiponectin receptor-1 (AdipoR1; 4.4-fold), and leptin receptor (LEPR; 6-fold) declined, while PPAR-γ (3.7-fold) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 (SREBP1; 2.4-fold) increased, in the PC than the NC group. Leptin (2.2-fold), malondialdehyde (2.1-fold), protein carbonyl groups (17.3-fold), IL-1β (4.4-fold), IL-6 (2.1-fold), TNF-α (1.8-fold) also increased, whereas adiponectin (2.8-fold) glutathione (2.1-fold), glutathione peroxidase-1 (2.4-fold), glutathione reductase (2.2-fold), catalase (1.4-fold), and IL-10 (2.8-fold) decreased, in the PC livers. Both monotherapies attenuated obesity, metabolic profiles, and PPAR-γ/SREBP1/leptin/Caspase-3/apoptosis, while induced PPAR-α/adiponectin/AdipoR1/LEPR/INSIG1. The monotherapies also reduced the oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory markers and increased the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory molecules. However, the OM effects were better than VD monotherapy. Alternatively, the co-therapy group showed the greatest ameliorations in liver functions, lipid-regulatory molecules, oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptosis. In conclusion, while OM monotherapy was superior to VD, the co-therapy protocol displayed the best alleviations against MAFLD, possibly by enhanced modulation of metabolic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory pathways. © 2021 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
Inositols, Probiotics, and Gestational Diabetes: Clinical and Epigenetic Aspects; There is growing interest in the potential role of different stereoisomers of inositol or their combination as well as probiotics supplementation in healthy glucose metabolism during pregnancy and in promoting offspring health. The aim of this review is to clarify the effects of several inositol and probiotics-based supplements in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM). Moreover, we will discuss the epigenetic aspects and their short-and long-term effects in response to probiotic intervention as well as the possible implications of these findings in guiding appropriate supplementation regimens in pregnancy. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of Qatar; Objectives: To describe the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological aspects of youth with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Patients under 18 year of age with type 2 diabetes were recruited from 2018 to 2020, clinical data collected, autoantibodies (GAD65, IAA, IA2 and ZnT8), insulin, ALT and c-peptide were measured. Hepatic ultrasound was performed for assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Results: 104 patients were identified. The incidence in 2020 and prevalence per 100,000 was 2.51 and 23.7, respectively. The age of onset was between 8.5 and 18 years with 74% of the patients being of Qatari nationality. Males were more affected than females (1.5/1). Overweight/obesity was present in 98% of all the patients, a positive family history (either both parents or a single parent) in 71% and maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 60% of patients. More than 90% of the patients had acanthosis nigricans. 5 patients had 1 autoantibody positivity and hepatic ultrasound detected evidence of NAFLD in majority of patients. Conclusion: Obesity, maternal GDM and family history of diabetes were the key risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. Autoantibody positivity may be present in youth type 2 diabetes. As youth type 2 diabetes is associated with early onset microvascular and macrovascular complications, these findings have important social and health budget implications for Qatar. Tackling the burden of maternal GDM and childhood obesity and building programmes for early detection and intervention, are therefore, essential to reduce the risk of future complications. © 2021, The Japan Diabetes Society.
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health; Microbial metabolites measured using NMR may serve as markers for physiological or pathological host–microbe interactions and possibly mediate the beneficial effects of microbiome diversity. Yet, comprehensive analyses of gut microbiome data and the urine NMR metabolome from large general population cohorts are missing. Here, we report the associations between gut microbiota abundances or metrics of alpha diversity, quantified from stool samples using 16S rRNA gene se-quencing, with targeted urine NMR metabolites measures from 951 participants of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP). We detected significant genus–metabolite associations for hippurate, succinate, indoxyl sulfate, and formate. Moreover, while replicating the previously reported association between hippurate and measures of alpha diversity, we identified formate and 4-hydroxyphenylacetate as novel markers of gut microbiome alpha diversity. Next, we predicted the urinary concentrations of each metabolite using genus abundances via an elastic net regression methodology. We found profound associations of the microbiome-based hippurate prediction score with markers of liver injury, inflammation, and metabolic health. Moreover, the microbiome-based prediction score for hippurate completely mediated the clinical association pattern of microbial diversity, hinting at a role of benzoate metabolism underlying the positive associations between high alpha diversity and healthy states. In conclusion, large-scale NMR urine metabolomics delivered novel insights into metabolic host–microbiome interactions, identifying pathways of benzoate metabolism as relevant candidates mediating the beneficial health effects of high microbial alpha diversity. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Spatial Landscape of the Bacterial Community and Bile Acids in the Digestive Tract of Patients With Bile Reflux; Background: Bile reflux can lead to inflammation and increased intestinal metaplasia. Since bile acids can influence the gastrointestinal environment, it is possible that bile reflux may alter the gastric microbiota and potentially the oral or gut microbiota. Bile acids have a very complex interrelationship with microbiota. We aimed to explore the characteristics of the digestive tract microbiota and bile acids profile in bile reflux patients. Methods: This study included 20 chronic gastritis patients with bile reflux and 20 chronic gastritis patients without bile reflux. Saliva, gastric fluid, and fecal samples were collected for bile acid testing. Buccal mucosal swabs, gastric mucosal tissues, and feces were collected for bacteria detection. The UPLC-MS/MS examined bile acids profiles. 16S rRNA gene sequencing was used to analyze the bacterial profile. Results: Bilirubin in the blood increased in bile reflux patients. No other clinical factors were identified to be significantly associated with bile reflux. 12-DHCA, 6,7-diketo LCA, and βHDCA decreased while TUDCA increased in saliva of bile reflux patients. Streptococcus, Capnocytophaga, Neisseria, and Actinobacillus decreased in oral mucosa of bile reflux patients while Helicobacter, Prevotella, and Veillonella increased. Gastric bile acid levels were generally higher in bile reflux patients. Gastric mucosal microbiota was highly stable. The changes in fecal bile acids were insignificant. Bifidobacterium, Prevotella_2, Ruminococcus, Weissella, Neisseria, and Akkermansia decreased in fecal samples from bile reflux patients; while Alloprevotella, Prevotella_9, Parabacteroides, and Megamonas increased. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that bile reflux significantly alters the oral, gastric, and intestinal bile acids profiles but only influences the oral and gut microbiota composition. These findings indicate that bile reflux can modulate the gastrointestinal microbiota in a site-specific manner. Copyright © 2022 Yang, Xu, Wang, Chen, Su and Liu.
Beneficial Effects of Probiotics in Some of the Important Human Disorders: A narrative review; Probiotics were first proposed by Metchnikoff as contributing factors to health. These living microorganisms, which mainly belong to the microflora bacteria of the gastrointestinal tract, can have beneficial effects on human health if consumed in moderation. The most studied probiotics are lactic acid bacteria, which include Lactobacillus and Bifidobacteria. The present study is an overview of some studies conducted on the effects of using probiotics and their possible patterns in the prevention or reduction of certain human diseases and disorders. The available data suggest that probiotics can play a role in improving constipation and liver enzymes level and functions, and have significant effects on rooting and improving the symptoms of Helicobacter pylori. It was concluded that probiotics have positive effects in metabolic syndrome treatment, preventing gestational diabetes, and improving oral health. Since many probiotics are microorganisms familiar to the gastrointestinal tract, if consumed in moderation, there are no side effects for the host. Using them as complementary therapies for some diseases related to the gastrointestinal tract microflora bacteria can be an effective and low-cost approach to alleviating the annoying symptoms of such diseases. © 2022, Kerman University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Increased Serum WISP1 Levels are Associated with Lower Extremity Atherosclerotic Disease in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background Serum wnt1-induced signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP1) levels are increased with obesity, which is a common complication associated with lower extremity atherosclerotic disease (LEAD). However, to date, the relationship between elevated WISP1 levels and the incidence of lower extremity atherosclerotic disease (LEAD) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remains unclear. Methods 174 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled in our study. Patients were divided into two groups, LEAD group (n=100) and control group (n=74). Anthropometric parameters, blood pressure and some biochemical parameters were obtained. Body composition was detected by bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA). Levels of serum insulin were determined by radioimmunoassay. Serum WISP1 and interleukin 6 (IL-6) levels were determined using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results It was shown that serum WISP1 levels in diabetic patients with LEAD were higher than those without LEAD (P <0.001). Serum WISP1 levels were positively related with waist circumference (r =0.237, P= 0.003), waist-hip ratio (r= 0.22, P= 0.006), visceral fat area (r= 0.354, P <0.001), serum creatinine (r= 0.192, P= 0.012), interleukin 6 (r= 0.182, P= 0.032), c-reactive protein (r= 0.681, P<0.001), triglycerides (r= 0.119, P <0.001), fasting glucose (r= 0.196, P= 0.011), glycated hemoglobin (r= 0.284, P <0.001), and HOMA-IR (r= 0.285, P <0.026). Compared with the lowest tertile, the odds ratio of the middle tertile for LEAD incidence was 3.27 (95% CI, 1.24-8.64) and 4.46 (95% CI, 1.62-12.29) for the highest tertile after adjusting confounding factors. Conclusion The results suggest that increased serum WISP1 levels independently contribute to the incidence of LEAD in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM. © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE). All rights reserved.
Comparative Analysis of Differentially Expressed Circular RNAs in Polarized Macrophages; Macrophage polarization is a process that macrophages exert different functions according to surrounding micro-environment. Macrophages commonly exist in two distinct subsets: classically activated M1 macrophages and alternatively activated M2 macrophages. Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a novel class of non-coding RNAs generated by back-splicing. Thousands of circRNAs were identified in different cells and tissues. Recent studies have revealed that circRNAs play a crucial role in regulating transcriptional and post-transcriptional gene expression. However, the effects and roles of circRNAs in macrophage polarization have not been well elucidated. Here, circRNAs expression profiles were determined in human THP-1 macrophages incubated in conditions causing activation toward M1 (interferon-γ + LPS) or M2 (interleukin-4) phenotypes. Overall, 9,720 circular RNA were detected from RNA sequencing data. Compared with M2 macrophages, a total of 140 circRNAs were aberrantly expressed in M1 macrophages, including 71 up-regulated circRNAs and 69 down-regulated circRNAs. Quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) results were generally consistent with the selected differentially expressed circRNAs. Gene Ontology (GO) and KEGG pathway analyses were used to predict biological functions and potential mechanisms of the host linear transcripts of these up-regulated and down-regulated circRNAs. Furthermore, we found that the expression level of circRNA-RNF19B (circRNF19B) in M1 macrophages was significantly higher than that in THP-1 macrophages and M2 macrophages. circRNF19B expression was increased when M2 converted to M1 whereas decreased when M1 converted to M2. Knockdown of circRNF19B following the activation of THP-1 cells using interferon-γ + LPS diminished the expression of M1 macrophages markers and elevated the expression of M2 macrophages markers. In conclusion, these data suggest the involvement of altered circRNAs expression patterns in macrophages exposure to different activating conditions. Circular RNAs may play important roles in regulating macrophage polarization. Copyright © 2022 Zhou, Shi, Shan, Zhang, Zhang, Liang, Yan and Zhao.
The Critical Role of the Branched Chain Amino Acids (BCAAs) Catabolism-Regulating Enzymes, Branched-Chain Aminotransferase (BCAT) and Branched-Chain α-Keto Acid Dehydrogenase (BCKD), in Human Pathophysiology; Branched chain amino acids (BCAAs), leucine, isoleucine and valine, are essential amino acids widely studied for their crucial role in the regulation of protein synthesis mainly through the activation of the mTOR signaling pathway and their emerging recognition as players in the regulation of various physiological and metabolic processes, such as glucose homeostasis. BCAA supplementation is primarily used as a beneficial nutritional intervention in chronic liver and kidney disease as well as in muscle wasting disorders. However, downregulated/upregulated plasma BCAAs and their defective catabolism in various tissues, mainly due to altered enzymatic activity of the first two enzymes in their catabolic pathway, BCAA aminotransferase (BCAT) and branched-chain α-keto acid dehydrogenase (BCKD), have been investigated in many nutritional and disease states. The current review focused on the underlying mechanisms of altered BCAA catabolism and its contribution to the pathogenesis of a numerous pathological conditions such as diabetes, heart failure and cancer. In addition, we summarize findings that indicate that the recovery of the dysregulated BCAA catabolism may be associated with an improved outcome and the prevention of serious disease complications. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Exposure to per-and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances and Markers of Liver Injury: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; BACKGROUND: Experimental evidence indicates that exposure to certain pollutants is associated with liver damage. Per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are persistent synthetic chemicals widely used in industry and consumer products and bioaccumulate in food webs and human tissues, such as the liver. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis evaluating PFAS exposure and evidence of liver injury from rodent and epidemiological studies. METHODS: PubMed and Embase were searched for all studies from earliest available indexing year through 1 December 2021 using keywords corresponding to PFAS exposure and liver injury. For data synthesis, results were limited to studies in humans and rodents assessing the following indicators of liver injury: serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, or steatosis. For human studies, at least three observational studies per PFAS were used to conduct a weighted z-score meta-analysis to determine the direction and significance of associations. For rodent studies, data were synthesized to qualitatively summarize the direction and significance of effect. RESULTS: Our search yielded 85 rodent studies and 24 epidemiological studies, primarily of people from the United States. Studies focused primarily on legacy PFAS: perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS), perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), and perfluorohexanesulfonic acid. Meta-analyses of human studies revealed that higher ALT levels were associated with exposure to PFOA (z-score = 6.20, p < 0:001), PFOS (z-score = 3.55, p < 0:001), and PFNA (z-score = 2.27, p = 0:023). PFOA exposure was also associated with higher aspartate aminotransferase and gamma-glutamyl transferase levels in humans. In rodents, PFAS exposures consistently resulted in higher ALT levels and steatosis. CONCLUSION: There is consistent evidence for PFAS hepatotoxicity from rodent studies, supported by associations of PFAS and markers of liver function in observational human studies. This review identifies a need for additional research evaluating next-generation PFAS, mixtures, and early life exposures. https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP10092. © 2022, Public Health Services, US Dept of Health and Human Services. All rights reserved.
Overt Diabetes in Pregnancy; Aims: Overt diabetes in pregnancy is defined as hyperglycemia first recognized during pregnancy which meets the diagnostic threshold of diabetes in non-pregnant adults. This case-based narrative review aims to describe this unique condition and discuss the potential implications for its accurate diagnosis and management. Methods and Results: We conducted a literature search in PubMed for relevant articles published in English language up to January 2022. Women with overt diabetes have a higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and postpartum diabetes, compared to their counterparts with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Such women often need aggressive management, including early and prompt initiation of insulin therapy, and a close follow-up during pregnancy and in the postpartum period. Not all pregnant women with overt diabetes have persistent diabetes in the postpartum period. Early diagnosis, especially during the first trimester, and fasting plasma glucose elevation (≥ 126 mg/dl or 7 mmol/L) at the time of initial diagnosis are predictors of postpartum diabetes. Conclusions: Both GDM and overt diabetes in pregnancy are hyperglycemic conditions first recognized during pregnancy, but the two conditions differ in severity; the latter is a more severe form of hyperglycemia associated with worse maternal and fetal outcomes, and a higher risk of postpartum diabetes. © 2022, The Author(s).
Therapeutic Properties and Use of Extra Virgin Olive Oil in Clinical Nutrition: A Narrative Review and Literature Update; Extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) is a cornerstone of the Mediterranean diet (MedD). In this narrative review, we synthesize and illustrate the various characteristics and clinical applications of EVOO and its components—such as oleic acid, hydroxytyrosol, and oleuropein—in the field of clinical nutrition and dietetics. The evidence is split into diet therapy, oleic acid-based enteral nutrition formulations and oral supplementation formulations, oleic acid-based parenteral nutrition, and nutraceutical supplementation of minor components of EVOO. EVOO has diverse beneficial health properties, and current evidence supports the use of whole EVOO in diet therapy and the supplementation of its minor components to improve cardiovascular health, lipoprotein metabolism, and diabetes mellitus in clinical nutrition. Nevertheless, more intervention studies in humans are needed to chisel specific recommendations for its therapeutic use through different formulations in other specific diseases and clinical populations. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Hypothyroidism and Diabetes-Related Dementia: Focused on Neuronal Dysfunction, Insulin Resistance, and Dyslipidemia; The incidence of dementia is steadily increasing worldwide. The risk factors for dementia are diverse, and include genetic background, environmental factors, sex differences, and vascular abnormalities. Among the subtypes of dementia, diabetes-related dementia is emerging as a complex type of dementia related to metabolic imbalance, due to the increase in the number of patients with metabolic syndrome and dementia worldwide. Thyroid hormones are considered metabolic regulatory hormones and affect various diseases, such as liver failure, obesity, and dementia. Thyroid dysregulation affects various cellular mechanisms and is linked to multiple disease pathologies. In particular, hypothyroidism is considered a critical cause for various neurological problems—such as metabolic disease, depressive symptoms, and dementia—in the central nervous system. Recent studies have demonstrated the relationship between hypothyroidism and brain insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, leading to diabetes-related dementia. Therefore, we reviewed the relationship between hypothyroidism and diabetes-related dementia, with a focus on major features of diabetes-related dementia such as insulin resistance, neuronal dysfunction, and dyslipidemia. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mediators of Amylin Action in Metabolic Control; Amylin (also called islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP)) is a pancreatic beta-cell hormone that is co-secreted with insulin in response to nutrient stimuli. The last 35 years of intensive research have shown that amylin exerts important physiological effects on metabolic control. Most importantly, amylin is a physiological control of meal-ending satiation, and it limits the rate of gastric emptying and reduces the secretion of pancreatic glucagon, in particular in postprandial states. The physiological effects of amylin and its analogs are mediated by direct brain activation, with the caudal hindbrain playing the most prominent role. The clarification of the structure of amylin receptors, consisting of the calcitonin core receptor plus receptor-activity modifying proteins, aided in the development of amylin analogs with a broad pharmacological profile. The general interest in amylin physiology and pharmacology was boosted by the finding that amylin is a sensitizer to the catabolic actions of leptin. Today, amylin derived analogs are considered to be among the most promising approaches for the pharmacotherapy against obesity. At least in conjunction with insulin, amylin analogs are also considered important treatment options in diabetic patients, so that new drugs may soon be added to the only currently approved compound pramlintide (Symlin® ). This review provides a brief summary of the physiology of amylin’s mode of actions and its role in the control of the metabolism, in particular energy intake and glucose metabolism. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
C1q/Tumor Necrosis Factor-Related Protein 9: Basics and Therapeutic Potentials; C1q/tumor necrosis factor-related protein 9 (CTRP9) is a newly discovered adipokine that is the closest paralog of adiponectin. Proteolytic cleavage of CTRP9 leads to the release of the globular domain (gCTRP9), which serves as the major circulating subtype. After binding with adiponectin receptor 1 (AdipoR1) and N-cadherin, CTRP9 activates various signaling pathways to regulate glucose and lipid metabolism, vasodilation and cell differentiation. Throughout human development and adult life, CTRP9 controls many biological phenomena. simultaneously, abnormal gene or protein expression of CTRP9 is accompanied by a wide range of human pathological phenomena. In this review, we briefly introduce CTRP9 and its associated signaling pathways and physiological functions, which may be helpful in the understanding of the occurrence of diseases. Moreover, we summarize the broader research prospects of CTRP9 and advances in therapeutic intervention. In recent years, CTRP9 has attracted extensive attention due to its role in the pathogenesis of various diseases, providing further avenues for its exploitation as a potential biomarker or therapeutic target. Copyright © 2022 Guan, Wang, Li, Xiang, Guo, Fan and Yu.
Pr-AKI: Acute Kidney Injury in Pregnancy - Etiology, Diagnostic Workup, Management; Despite significant improvements in inpatient and outpatient management, pregnancy-related acute kidney injury (Pr-AKI) remains an important risk factor for early and late maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. There is a discrepancy between the incidence of Pr-AKI in developing and in developed countries, with the former experiencing a decrease and the latter an increase in Pr-AKI in recent decades. Whereas septic and hemorrhagic complications predominated in the past, nowadays hypertensive disorders and thrombotic microangiopathy are the leading causes of Pr-AKI. Modern lifestyles and the availability and widespread use of in-vitro fertilization techniques in industrialized countries have allowed more women of advanced age to become pregnant. This has led to a rise in the percentage of high-risk pregnancies due to the disorders and comorbidities inherent to or accompanying aging, such as diabetes, arterial hypertension and preexisting chronic kidney disease. Last but not least, the heterogeneity of symptoms, the often overlapping clinical and laboratory characteristics and the pathophysiological changes related to pregnancy make the diagnosis and management of Pr-AKI a difficult and challenging task for the treating physician. In addition to general supportive management strategies such as volume substitution, blood pressure control, prevention of seizures or immediate delivery, each disease entity requires a specific therapy to reduce maternal and fetal complications. In this review, we used the current literature to provide a summary of the physiologic and pathophysiologic changes in renal physiology which occur during pregnancy. In the second part, we present common and rare disorders which lead to Pr-AKI and provide an overview of the available treatment options. © 2022 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Association of sFlt-1 and C-reactive protein with outcomes in severe preeclampsia A cohort study; To determine the association between soluble FMS-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) with maternal and perinatal outcomes in patients with preeclampsia (PE) with severe features. A cohort study was conducted on 100 patients, 60 with PE with severe features, and 40 healthy women in the third trimester of pregnancy. Admission serum levels of sFlt-1 and hs-CRP and clinical and epidemiological parameters were evaluated to quantify the predictive ability of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes using hierarchical multiple regression and receiver operating characteristic curves. Compared to controls, patients with PE and severe features had significantly higher levels of sFlt-1 but not hs-CRP. sFlt-1 and hs-CRP proved to be reasonable parameters for the prediction of composite adverse maternal outcomes. However, we found no correlation between these 2 biomarkers. PE integrated estimate of risk scores were correlated only with sFlt-1 levels. Regarding fetal outcomes, unlike hs-CRP, sFlt-1 was strongly associated with birth weight and Apgar score <7 at 5 minutes. Following multivariate analysis, maternal age, previous hypertension, sFlt-1, and hs-CRP levels remained independently associated with composite adverse maternal outcomes. sFlt-1 levels were elevated in patients with PE and severe features. Both sFlt-1 and hs-CRP may predict composite adverse maternal outcomes but do not correlate with each other and differ in perinatal morbidity patterns. These data support the hypothesis that the varied outcomes in PE may result from different pathogenic pathways. Copyright © 2022 the Author(s).
Key signaling networks are dysregulated in patients with the adipose tissue disorder, lipedema; Objectives: Lipedema, a poorly understood chronic disease of adipose hyper-deposition, is often mistaken for obesity and causes significant impairment to mobility and quality-of-life. To identify molecular mechanisms underpinning lipedema, we employed comprehensive omics-based comparative analyses of whole tissue, adipocyte precursors (adipose-derived stem cells (ADSCs)), and adipocytes from patients with or without lipedema. Methods: We compared whole-tissues, ADSCs, and adipocytes from body mass index–matched lipedema (n = 14) and unaffected (n = 10) patients using comprehensive global lipidomic and metabolomic analyses, transcriptional profiling, and functional assays. Results: Transcriptional profiling revealed >4400 significant differences in lipedema tissue, with altered levels of mRNAs involved in critical signaling and cell function-regulating pathways (e.g., lipid metabolism and cell-cycle/proliferation). Functional assays showed accelerated ADSC proliferation and differentiation in lipedema. Profiling lipedema adipocytes revealed >900 changes in lipid composition and >600 differentially altered metabolites. Transcriptional profiling of lipedema ADSCs and non-lipedema ADSCs revealed significant differential expression of >3400 genes including some involved in extracellular matrix and cell-cycle/proliferation signaling pathways. One upregulated gene in lipedema ADSCs, Bub1, encodes a cell-cycle regulator, central to the kinetochore complex, which regulates several histone proteins involved in cell proliferation. Downstream signaling analysis of lipedema ADSCs demonstrated enhanced activation of histone H2A, a key cell proliferation driver and Bub1 target. Critically, hyperproliferation exhibited by lipedema ADSCs was inhibited by the small molecule Bub1 inhibitor 2OH-BNPP1 and by CRISPR/Cas9-mediated Bub1 gene depletion. Conclusion: We found significant differences in gene expression, and lipid and metabolite profiles, in tissue, ADSCs, and adipocytes from lipedema patients compared to non-affected controls. Functional assays demonstrated that dysregulated Bub1 signaling drives increased proliferation of lipedema ADSCs, suggesting a potential mechanism for enhanced adipogenesis in lipedema. Importantly, our characterization of signaling networks driving lipedema identifies potential molecular targets, including Bub1, for novel lipedema therapeutics. © 2021, The Author(s).
HNF1A：From Monogenic Diabetes to Type 2 Diabetes and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes, a disease characterized by hyperglycemia, has a serious impact on the lives and families of patients as well as on society. Diabetes is a group of highly heterogeneous metabolic diseases that can be classified as type 1 diabetes (T1D), type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), or other according to the etiology. The clinical manifestations are more or less similar among the different types of diabetes, and each type is highly heterogeneous due to different pathogenic factors. Therefore, distinguishing between various types of diabetes and defining their subtypes are major challenges hindering the precise treatment of the disease. T2D is the main type of diabetes in humans as well as the most heterogeneous. Fortunately, some studies have shown that variants of certain genes involved in monogenic diabetes also increase the risk of T2D. We hope this finding will enable breakthroughs regarding the pathogenesis of T2D and facilitate personalized treatment of the disease by exploring the function of the signal genes involved. Hepatocyte nuclear factor 1 homeobox A (HNF1α) is widely expressed in pancreatic β cells, the liver, the intestines, and other organs. HNF1α is highly polymorphic, but lacks a mutation hot spot. Mutations can be found at any site of the gene. Some single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) cause maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 3 (MODY3) while some others do not cause MODY3 but increase the susceptibility to T2D or GDM. The phenotypes of MODY3 caused by different SNPs also differ. MODY3 is among the most common types of MODY, which is a form of monogenic diabetes mellitus caused by a single gene mutation. Both T2D and GDM are multifactorial diseases caused by both genetic and environmental factors. Different types of diabetes mellitus have different clinical phenotypes and treatments. This review focuses on HNF1α gene polymorphisms, HNF1A-MODY3, HNF1A-associated T2D and GDM, and the related pathogenesis and treatment methods. We hope this review will provide a valuable reference for the precise and individualized treatment of diabetes caused by abnormal HNF1α by summarizing the clinical heterogeneity of blood glucose abnormalities caused by HNF1α mutation. Copyright © 2022 Li, Jiang and Sun.
Effects of garlic supplementation and its derivatives on body weight and composition in adults: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: Garlic supplementation may be inversely contributed to body weight and composition; however, previous results have been inconsistent. This study aims to evaluate the effect of garlic supplementation on body weight and composition using a systematic review and meta-analysis. Design/methodology/approach: Online databases of PubMed, ISI Web of Science, Scopus and Google Scholar were searched up to January 2020. The random-effects model was used to calculate the effect sizes of the included studies. The risk of bias of included studies was assessed using the Cochrane collaboration’s tool. Besides, the NutriGrade scoring system was applied to judge the credibility of the evidence. Findings: In total, 18 studies (with 1,250 participants) were included in the meta-analysis. The pooled analysis revealed that garlic supplementation has a significant increase in body weight [weighted mean difference (WMD) = 0.31 Kg, 95% CI: 0.09, 0.53 Kg, P = 0.005, n = 12 effect sizes]. Waist circumference (WC) does remarkably reduce [WMD = −1.28 cm, 95% CI: −2.08, −0.47 cm, P = 0.002, n = 4 effect size]. However, body mass index, body fat percent and fat-free mass do not dramatically change (P > 0.05). Notably, the pooled analyses on body weight and WC were sensitive to two included studies. NutriGrade’s score was rated low for this meta-analysis. Originality/value: Although garlic supplementation could slightly increase weight and simultaneously might decrease WC, these associations were not strong enough to corroborate the findings. Also, other anthropometric indices do not significantly change. Further well-designed randomized clinical trial studies are needed to confirm the results. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
GATA2/FGF21 Axis Regulates the Effects of High Glucose on the Apoptosis, Autophagy and Oxidative Stress of Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cell via PI3K/AKT/mTOR Pathway; Objective. We investigated the role and mechanism of GATA-binding factor 2/Fibroblast growth factor 21 (GATA2/FGF21) axis in high glucose (HG)-induced injury in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). Methods. After HG treatment and transfection, the viability and apoptosis of HUVECs were determined via Cell Counting Kit-8 and Hoechst 33258 staining methods, and the content of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) was measured via colorimetric assay and DCFH-DA staining.The potential transcription factor of FGF21 was predicted with bioinformatic analysis and confirmed via dual-luciferase reporter assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation. The expressions of GATA2/FGF21, apoptosis-, autophagy- and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway-related factors were quantified with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction or Western blot. Results. Overexpressed FGF21 abolished the effects of HG on repressing the expressions of FGF21 and cell viability, and promoting apoptosis, the levels of LDH and ROS and autophagy in HUVECs, with increased Bcl-2 and p62 expression yet decreased Bax, Cleaved PARP, Cleaved caspase-3, LC3 II/LC3 I ratio and Beclin 1. GATA2 was the transcription factor of FGF21 and was downregulated after HG treatment, and the effects of overexpressed FGF21 in HG-treated HUVECs were all reversed after the silence of GATA2. Besides, overexpressed FGF21 promoted the activation of PI3K/ AKT/mTOR pathway, with increased phosphorylation levels of PI3K, AKT and mTOR, whereas silencing GATA2 abolished the trend. Conclusion. GATA2/FGF21 axis has a protective function against HG in HUVEC via regulating PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.  © 2022 by the Association of Clinical Scientists, Inc.
Recent Advances in the Treatment of Insulin Resistance Targeting Molecular and Metabolic Pathways: Fighting a Losing Battle?; Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is amongst the most notable causes of years of life lost worldwide and its prevalence increases perpetually. The disease is characterized as multisystemic dysfunctions attributed to hyperglycemia resulting directly from insulin resistance (IR), inadequate insulin secretion, or enormous glucagon secretion. Insulin is a highly anabolic peptide hormone that regulates blood glucose levels by hastening cellular glucose uptake as well as controlling carbohydrate, protein, and lipid metabolism. In the course of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), which accounts for nearly 90% of all cases of diabetes, the insulin response is inadequate, and this condition is defined as Insulin Resistance. IR sequela include, but are not limited to, hyperglycemia, cardiovascular system impairment, chronic inflammation, disbalance in oxidative stress status, and metabolic syndrome occurrence. Despite the substantial progress in understanding the molecular and metabolic pathways accounting for injurious effects of IR towards multiple body organs, IR still is recognized as a ferocious enigma. The number of widely available therapeutic approaches is growing, however, the demand for precise, safe, and effective therapy is also increasing. A literature search was carried out using the MEDLINE/PubMed, Google Scholar, SCOPUS and Clinical Trials Registry databases with a combination of keywords and MeSH terms, and papers published from February 2021 to March 2022 were selected as recently published papers. This review paper aims to provide critical, concise, but comprehensive insights into the advances in the treatment of IR that were achieved in the last months. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Differential Genetic and Epigenetic Effects of the KLF14 Gene on Body Shape Indices and Metabolic Traits; The KLF14 gene is a key metabolic transcriptional transregulator with monoallelic maternal expression. KLF14 variants are only associated with adipose tissue gene expression, and KLF14 promoter methylation is strongly associated with age. This study investigated whether age, sex, and obesity mediate the effects of KLF14 variants and DNA methylation status on body shape indices and metabolic traits. In total, the data of 78,742 and 1636 participants from the Taiwan Biobank were included in the regional plot association analysis for KLF14 variants and KLF14 methylation, respec-tively. Regional plot association studies revealed that the KLF14 rs4731702 variant and the nearby strong linkage disequilibrium polymorphisms were the lead variants for lipid profiles, blood pressure status, insulin resistance surrogate markers, and metabolic syndrome mainly in female participants and for body shape indices mainly in obese women. Significant age-dependent associations between KLF14 promoter methylation levels and body shape indices, and metabolic traits were also noted predominantly in female participants. KLF14 variants and KLF14 hypermethylation status were associated with metabolically healthy and unhealthy phenotypes, respectively, in obese individuals, and only the KLF14 variants demonstrated a significant association with both higher adiposity and lower cardiometabolic risk in the same allele, revealing uncoupled excessive adiposity from its cardiometabolic comorbidities, especially in obese women. Variations of KLF14 are associated with body shape indices, metabolic traits, insulin resistance, and metabolically healthy status. Differential genetic and epigenetic effects of KLF14 are age-, sex-and obesity-dependent. These results provided a personalized reference for the management of cardiometabolic diseases in precision medicine. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Epigenetics in Precision Nutrition; Precision nutrition is an emerging area of nutrition research, with primary focus on the individual variability in response to dietary and lifestyle factors, which are mainly determined by an individual’s intrinsic variations, such as those in genome, epigenome, and gut microbiome. The current research on precision nutrition is heavily focused on genome and gut microbiome, while epigenome (DNA methylation, non-coding RNAs, and histone modification) is largely neglected. The epigenome acts as the interface between the human genome and environmental stressors, including diets and lifestyle. Increasing evidence has suggested that epigenetic modifications, particularly DNA methylation, may determine the individual variability in metabolic health and response to dietary and lifestyle factors and, therefore, hold great promise in discovering novel markers for precision nutrition and potential targets for precision interventions. This review summarized recent studies on DNA methylation with obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, with more emphasis put in the relations of DNA methylation with nutrition and diet/lifestyle interventions. We also briefly reviewed other epigenetic events, such as non-coding RNAs, in relation to human health and nutrition, and discussed the potential role of epigenetics in the precision nutrition research. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Recent Experimental Studies of Maternal Obesity, Diabetes during Pregnancy and the Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease; Globally, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death. Most concerning is the rise in cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, diabetes and hypertension among youth, which increases the likelihood of the development of earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease. While lifestyle factors are involved in these trends, an increasing body of evidence implicates environmental exposures in early life on health outcomes in adulthood. Maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which have increased dramatically in recent years, also have profound effects on fetal growth and development. Mounting evidence is emerging that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy have lifelong effects on cardiovascular risk factors and heart disease development. However, the mechanisms responsible for these observations are unknown. In this review, we summarize the findings of recent experimental studies, showing that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy affect energy metabolism and heart disease development in the offspring, with a focus on the mechanisms involved. We also evaluate early proof-of-concept studies for interventions that could mitigate maternal obesity and gestational diabetes-induced cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
MicroRNAs and their delivery in diabetic fibrosis; The global prevalence of diabetes mellitus was estimated to be 463 million people in 2019 and is predicted to rise to 700 million by 2045. The associated financial and societal costs of this burgeoning epidemic demand an understanding of the pathology of this disease, and its complications, that will inform treatment to enable improved patient outcomes. Nearly two decades after the sequencing of the human genome, the significance of noncoding RNA expression is still being assessed. The family of functional noncoding RNAs known as microRNAs regulates the expression of most genes encoded by the human genome. Altered microRNA expression profiles have been observed both in diabetes and in diabetic complications. These transcripts therefore have significant potential and novelty as targets for therapy, therapeutic agents and biomarkers. © 2021
The Yin‐Yang Concept of Pediatric Obesity and Gut Microbiota; The era of pediatric obesity is no longer a myth. Unfortunately, pediatric obesity has reached alarming incidence levels worldwide and the factors that contribute to its development have been intensely studied in multiple recent and emerging studies. Gut microbiota was recently included in the wide spectrum of factors implicated in the determination of obesity, but its role in pediatric obese patients is far from being fully understood. In terms of the infant gut microbiome, multiple factors have been demonstrated to shape its content, including maternal diet and health, type of delivery, feeding patterns, weaning and dietary habits. Nevertheless, the role of the intrau-terine environment, such as the placental microbial community, cannot be completely excluded. Most studies have identified Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes as the most important players related to obesity risk in gut microbiota reflecting an increase of Firmicutes and a decrease in Bacteroidetes in the context of obesity; however, multiple inconsistencies between studies were recently reported, especially in pediatric populations, and there is a scarcity of studies performed in this age group. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Advancing Liver Cancer Prevention for American Indian Populations in Arizona: An Integrative Review; Liver cancer is a highly fatal condition disproportionately impacting American Indian populations. A thorough understanding of the existing literature is needed to inform region-specific liver cancer prevention efforts for American Indian people. This integrative review explores extant literature relevant to liver cancer in American Indian populations in Arizona and identifies factors of structural inequality affecting these groups. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines informed the methodology, and a literature search was conducted in PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, and PsycInfo for articles including Arizona American Indian adults and liver disease outcomes. Seven articles met the inclusion criteria in the final review. Five of the studies used an observational study design with secondary analysis. One article used a quasiexperimental approach, and another employed a community-engagement method resulting in policy change. The results revealed a lack of empirical evidence on liver cancer prevention, treatment, and health interventions for American Indian populations in Arizona. Research is needed to evaluate the high rates of liver disease and cancer to inform culturally relevant interventions for liver cancer prevention. Community-engaged research that addresses structural inequality is a promising approach to improve inequities in liver cancer for American Indian people. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Advanced Glycation End‐Products (AGEs): Formation, Chemistry, Classification, Receptors, and Diseases Related to AGEs; Advanced glycation end‐products (AGEs) constitute a non‐homogenous, chemically diverse group of compounds formed either exogeneously or endogeneously on the course of various pathways in the human body. In general, they are formed non‐enzymatically by condensation between carbonyl groups of reducing sugars and free amine groups of nucleic acids, proteins, or lipids, followed by further rearrangements yielding stable, irreversible end‐products. In the last decades, AGEs have aroused the interest of the scientific community due to the increasing evidence of their involvement in many pathophysiological processes and diseases, such as diabetes, cancer, cardiovascular, neurodegenerative diseases, and even infection with the SARS‐CoV‐2 virus. They are recognized by several cellular receptors and trigger many signaling pathways related to inflammation and oxidative stress. Despite many experimental research outcomes published recently, the complexity of their engagement in human physiology and pathophysiological states requires further elucidation. This review focuses on the receptors of AGEs, especially on the structural aspects of receptor–ligand interaction, and the diseases in which AGEs are involved. It also aims to present AGE classification in subgroups and to describe the basic processes leading to both exogeneous and endogeneous AGE formation. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal and Perinatal Risk Factors for Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review; Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common pediatric liver disease. The intrauterine and early life environment can have an important impact on long-term metabolic health. We investigated the impact of maternal prepregnancy obesity, (pre)gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and birth anthropometrics/preterm birth on the development of NAFLD in children and adolescents. Methods: A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, EMBASE, and grey literature databases through August 2020. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pediatric NAFLD, whereas the histologic severity of steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis were secondary outcomes. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were performed by 2 independent reviewers. Results: Our systematic review included 33 articles. Study heterogeneity regarding patient populations, diagnostic tools, and overall quality was considerable. Eight studies determined the impact of maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity and identified this as a possible modifiable risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. Conversely, 8 studies investigated (pre)gestational diabetes, yet the evidence on its impact is conflicting. Breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk for NAFLD, steatohepatitis, and fibrosis, especially in studies that evaluated longer periods of breastfeeding. Being born preterm or small for gestational age has an unclear impact on the development of NAFLD, although an early catch-up growth might drive NAFLD. Conclusions: In a systematic review, we found that maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of pediatric NAFLD. Breastfeeding might be protective against the development of NAFLD when the duration of breastfeeding is sufficiently long (≥6 months). © 2022 AGA Institute
Emerging Evidence of Pathological Roles of Very-Low-Density Lipoprotein (VLDL); Embraced with apolipoproteins (Apo) B and Apo E, triglyceride-enriched very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) is secreted by the liver into circulation, mainly during post-meal hours. Here, we present a brief review of the physiological role of VLDL and a systemic review of the emerging evidence supporting its pathological roles. VLDL promotes atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome (MetS). VLDL isolated from subjects with MetS exhibits cytotoxicity to atrial myocytes, induces atrial myopathy, and promotes vulnerability to atrial fibrillation. VLDL levels are affected by a number of endocrinological disorders and can be increased by therapeutic supplementation with cortisol, growth hormone, progesterone, and estrogen. VLDL promotes aldosterone secretion, which contributes to hypertension. VLDL induces neuroinflammation, leading to cognitive dysfunction. VLDL levels are also correlated with chronic kidney disease, autoimmune disorders, and some dermatological diseases. The extra-hepatic secretion of VLDL derived from intestinal dysbiosis is suggested to be harmful. Emerging evidence suggests disturbed VLDL metabolism in sleep disorders and in cancer development and progression. In addition to VLDL, the VLDL receptor (VLDLR) may affect both VLDL metabolism and carcinogenesis. Overall, emerging evidence supports the pathological roles of VLDL in multi-organ diseases. To better understand the fundamental mechanisms of how VLDL promotes disease development, elucidation of the quality control of VLDL and of the regulation and signaling of VLDLR should be indispensable. With this, successful VLDL-targeted therapies can be discovered in the future. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Knowledge Gaps, Challenges, and Opportunities in Health and Prevention Research for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders: A Report From the 2021 National Institutes of Health Workshop; Asian Americans (AsA), Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders (NHPI) comprise 7.7% of the U.S. population, and AsA have had the fastest growth rate since 2010. Yet the National Institutes of Health (NIH) has invested only 0.17% of its budget on AsA and NHPI research between 1992 and 2018. More than 40 ethnic subgroups are included within AsA and NHPI (with no majority subpopulation), which are highly diverse culturally, demographically, linguistically, and socioeconomically. However, data for these groups are often aggregated, masking critical health disparities and their drivers. To address these issues, in March 2021, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, in partnership with 8 other NIH institutes, convened a multidisciplinary workshop to review current research, knowledge gaps, opportunities, barriers, and approaches for prevention research for AsA and NHPI populations. The workshop covered 5 domains: 1) sociocultural, environmental, psychological health, and lifestyle dimensions; 2) metabolic disorders; 3) cardiovascular and lung diseases; 4) cancer; and 5) cognitive function and healthy aging. Two recurring themes emerged: Very limited data on the epidemiology, risk factors, and outcomes for most conditions are available, and most existing data are not disaggregated by subgroup, masking variation in risk factors, disease occurrence, and trajectories. Leveraging the vast phenotypic differences among AsA and NHPI groups was identified as a key opportunity to yield novel clues into etiologic and prognostic factors to inform prevention efforts and intervention strategies. Promising approaches for future research include developing collaborations with community partners, investing in infrastructure support for cohort studies, enhancing existing data sources to enable data disaggregation, and incorporating novel technology for objective measurement. Research on AsA and NHPI subgroups is urgently needed to eliminate disparities and promote health equity in these populations. © 2022 American College of Physicians
FGF4, A New Potential Regulator in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, however the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. The aim of this study was to find efficient regulator of FGFs in response to the pathogenesis of GDM and explore the role of the FGFs in GDM. Methods: We performed a systematic screening of placental FGFs in GDM patients and further in two different GDM mouse models to investigate their expression changes. Significant changed FGF4 was selected, engineered, purified, and used to treat GDM mice in order to examine whether it can regulate the adverse metabolic phenotypes of the diabetic mice and protect their fetus. Results: We found FGF4 expression was elevated in GDM patients and its level was positively correlated to blood glucose, indicating a physiological relevance of FGF4 with respect to the development of GDM. Recombinant FGF4 (rFGF4) treatment could effectively normalize the adverse metabolic phenotypes in high fat diet induced GDM mice but not in STZ induced GDM mice. However, rFGF4 was highly effective in reduce of neural tube defects (NTDs) of embryos in both the two GDM models. Mechanistically, rFGF4 treatment inhibits pro-inflammatory signaling cascades and neuroepithelial cell apoptosis of both GDM models, which was independent of glucose regulation. Conclusions/interpretation: Our study provides novel insight into the important roles of placental FGF4 and suggests that it may serve as a promising diagnostic factor and therapeutic target for GDM. Copyright © 2022 Fan, Pan, Jin, Sun, Zhang, Du, Chen, Chen, Xu, Choo, Zhu, Chen and Zhou.
Killing two birds with one stone: Pregnancy is a sensitive window for endocrine effects on both the mother and the fetus; Pregnancy is a complex process requiring tremendous physiological changes in the mother in order to fulfill the needs of the growing fetus, and to give birth, expel the placenta and nurse the newborn. These physiological modifications are accompanied with psychological changes, as well as with variations in habits and behaviors. As a result, this period of life is considered as a sensitive window as impaired functional and physiological changes in the mother can have short- and long-term impacts on her health. In addition, dysregulation of the placenta and of mechanisms governing placentation have been linked to chronic diseases later-on in life for the fetus, in a concept known as the Developmental Origin of Health and Diseases (DOHaD). This concept stipulates that any change in the environment during the pre-conception and perinatal (in utero life and neonatal) period to puberty, can be “imprinted” in the organism, thereby impacting the health and risk of chronic diseases later in life. Pregnancy is a succession of events that is regulated, in large part, by hormones and growth factors. Therefore, small changes in hormonal balance can have important effects on both the mother and the developing fetus. An increasing number of studies demonstrate that exposure to endocrine disrupting compounds (EDCs) affect both the mother and the fetus giving rise to growing concerns surrounding these exposures. This review will give an overview of changes that happen during pregnancy with respect to the mother, the placenta, and the fetus, and of the current literature regarding the effects of EDCs during this specific sensitive window of exposure. © 2021 The Authors
Applications of Tandem Mass Spectrometry (MS/MS) in Protein Analysis for Biomedical Research; Mass Spectrometry (MS) allows the analysis of proteins and peptides through a variety of methods, such as Electrospray Ionization-Mass Spectrometry (ESI-MS) or Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption Ionization-Mass Spectrometry (MALDI-MS). These methods allow identification of the mass of a protein or a peptide as intact molecules or the identification of a protein through peptidemass fingerprinting generated upon enzymatic digestion. Tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) allows the fragmentation of proteins and peptides to determine the amino acid sequence of proteins (top-down and middle-down proteomics) and peptides (bottom-up proteomics). Furthermore, tandem mass spectrometry also allows the identification of post-translational modifications (PTMs) of proteins and peptides. Here, we discuss the application of MS/MS in biomedical research, indicating specific examples for the identification of proteins or peptides and their PTMs as relevant biomarkers for diagnostic and therapy. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Bile Acid Detection Techniques and Bile Acid-Related Diseases; Bile acid is a derivative of cholinergic acid (steroidal parent nucleus) that plays an important role in digestion, absorption, and metabolism. In recent years, bile acids have been identified as signaling molecules that regulate self-metabolism, lipid metabolism, energy balance, and glucose metabolism. The detection of fine changes in bile acids caused by metabolism, disease, or individual differences has become a research hotspot. At present, there are many related techniques, such as enzyme analysis, immunoassays, and chromatography, that are used for bile acid detection. These methods have been applied in clinical practice and laboratory research to varying degrees. However, mainstream detection technology is constantly updated and replaced with the passage of time, proffering new detection technologies. Previously, gas chromatography (GS) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) were the most commonly used for bile acid detection. In recent years, high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) has developed rapidly and has gradually become the mainstream bile acid sample separation and detection technology. In this review, the basic principles, development and progress of technology, applicability, advantages, and disadvantages of various detection techniques are discussed and the changes in bile acids caused by related diseases are summarized. Copyright © 2022 Zhao, Liu, Sun, Yao, Yang and Wang.
Maternal diabetes promotes offspring lung dysfunction and inflammation in a sex-dependent manner; Exposure to maternal diabetes is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for chronic respiratory disease in children. It is currently unclear; however, whether maternal diabetes affects the lung health of male and female offspring equally. This study characterizes the sex-specific impact of a murine model of diet-induced gestational diabetes (GDM) on offspring lung function and airway inflammation. Female adult mice are fed a high-fat (45% kcal) diet for 6 wk prior to mating. Control offspring are from mothers fed a low-fat (10% kcal) diet. Offspring were weaned and fed a chow diet until 10 wk of age, at which point lung function was measured and lung lavage was collected. Male, but not female, offspring exposed to GDM had increased lung compliance and reduced lung resistance at baseline. Female offspring exposed to GDM displayed increased methacholine reactivity and elevated levels of proinflammatory cytokines [e.g., interleukin (IL)-1b, IL-5, and CXCL1] in lung lavage. Female GDM offspring also displayed elevated abundance of matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) within their airways, namely, MMP-3 and MMP-8. These results indicate disparate effects of maternal diabetes on lung health and airway inflammation of male and female offspring exposed to GDM. Female mice may be at greater risk of inflammatory lung conditions, such as asthma, whereas male offspring display changes that more closely align with models of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. In conclusion, there are important sexbased differences in the impact of maternal diabetes on offspring lung health that could signal differences in future disease risk. © 2022 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Intestinal Microflora and Its Metabolites in Relation to the Pathogenesis and Intervention of T2DM; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic metabolic disease caused by insufficient insulin secretion or insulin resistance. The rapid increase in the number of patients with T2DM makes the treatment and prevention of T2DM an urgent problem in the world. With the advancement of microbiome technology, the research on the intestinal flora, its metabolites and the T2DM has gradually deepened. Perhaps the intestinal flora can be used as a target for the treatment and prevention of T2DM. The potential mechanism of intestinal flora acting on T2DM is reviewed. It mainly participates in the inflammatory response in the body, increasing the production of intestinal short-chain fatty acids, regulating the metabolism of intestinal bile acids and their product distribution, and ajusting the metabolism of branched-chain amino acids. Currently, drugs for T2DM may have some side effects. Measures based on the intestinal flora to intervene in T2DM are relatively safe and harmless. Long-term intake of a strictly controlled diet with a specific structure can be used to control blood sugar or increase the long-term intake of probiotics. It can also affect the ecological structure of the intestinal flora through oral administration. Sugar drugs (metformin and acarbose) effectively regulate blood sugar levels. The potential mechanism of T2DM induced by the intestinal flora and its metabolites is reviewed, and measures for the intervention of T2DM based on the intestinal flora are also discussed. In addition, new methods for the treatment of T2DM from a new perspective of the intestinal flora are explored, which may provide a thorough treatment of T2DM in the future. © 2022, China Biotechnology Press. All rights reserved.
Habitual Dietary Fiber Intake, Fecal Microbiota, and Hemoglobin A1c Level in Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes; High-fiber diet interventions have been proven to be beneficial for gut microbiota and glycemic control in diabetes patients. However, the effect of a low level of fiber in habitual diets remains unclear. This study aims to examine the associations of habitual dietary fiber intake with gut microbiome profiles among Chinese diabetes patients and identify differential taxa that mediated associations of dietary fiber with HbA1c level. Two cross-sectional studies and one longitudinal study were designed based on two follow-up surveys in a randomized trial conducted during 2015–2017. The study included 356 and 310 participants in the first and second follow-ups, respectively, with 293 participants in common in both surveys. Dietary fiber intake was calculated based on a 3-day 24-h diet recall at each survey and was classified into a lower or a higher group according to the levels taken based on the two surveys using 7.2 g/day as a cut-off value. HbA1c was assayed to assess glycemic status using a cut-off point of 7.0% and 8.0%. Microbiome was profiled by 16S rRNA sequencing. A high habitual dietary fiber intake was associated with a decrease in α-diversity in both the cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. At the first follow–up, phylum Firmicutes and Fusobacteria were negatively associated with a higher dietary fiber intake (p < 0.05, Q < 0.15); at the second follow-up, genus Adlercreutzia, Prevotella, Ruminococcus, and Desulfovibrio were less abundant in patients taking higher dietary fiber (p < 0.05, Q < 0.15); genus Desulfovibrio and Ruminococcaceae (Unknown), two identified differential taxa by HbA1c level, were negatively associated with dietary fiber intake in both the cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, and mediated the dietary fiber-HbA1c associations among patients taking dietary fiber ≥ 7.2 g/day (mediation effect β [95%CI]: −0.019 [−0.043, −0.003], p = 0.018 and −0.019 [−0.046, −0.003], p = 0.016). Our results suggest that habitual dietary fiber intake has a beneficial effect on gut microbiota in Chinese diabetes patients. Further studies are needed to confirm our results. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of Paternal Obesity on Fetal Development and Pregnancy Complications: A Prospective Clinical Cohort Study; Objectives: To evaluate the association between paternal obesity and fetal development and pregnancy complications. Study Design: This prospective cohort clinical trial analyzed data from 7683 women with singleton pregnancies. All study subjects were sequentially divided into four groups based on paternal BMI. We compared the differences in fetal growth and pregnancy complications between different paternal BMI groups by univariate logistic regression and independent t-test. Finally, the independent predictors of SGA and macrosomia were determined. Results: The incidences of preeclampsia, cesarean section, SGA, macrosomia, and postpartum hemorrhage in the paternal obesity group were significantly higher than the normal BMI group. With the increase of paternal BMI, fetal ultrasound measurement parameter, neonatal and placental weight showed an increasing trend (trend P < 0.05). However, these differences disappeared in the obese group. The test for interaction showed the effect of paternal obesity on SGA and macrosomia was significantly affected by maternal obesity. We also found paternal obesity was an independent predictor of both SGA and macrosomia. Based on the above results, we plotted the Nomograms for clinical prediction. Conclusion: Paternal obesity can affect fetal growth parameters and placental development, which has an adverse impact on pregnancy outcomes. Optimizing the paternal BMI will help improve the health of the next generation. Copyright © 2022 Lin, Gu and Huang.
Untargeted Metabolome Analysis Reveals Reductions in Maternal Hepatic Glucose and Amino Acid Content That Correlate with Fetal Organ Weights in a Mouse Model of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders; Prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE) causes fetal growth restrictions. A major driver of fetal growth deficits is maternal metabolic disruption; this is under-investigated following PAE. Untargeted metabolomics on the dam and fetus exposed to alcohol (ALC) revealed that the hepatic metabolome of ALC and control (CON) dams were distinct, whereas that of ALC and CON fetuses were similar. Alcohol reduced maternal hepatic glucose content and enriched essential amino acid (AA) catabolites, N-acetylated AA products, urea content, and free fatty acids. These alterations suggest an attempt to minimize the glucose gap by increasing gluconeogenesis using AA and glycerol. In contrast, ALC fetuses had unchanged glucose and AA levels, suggesting an adequate draw of maternal nutrients, despite intensified stress on ALC dams. Maternal metabolites including glycolytic intermediates, AA catabolites, urea, and one-carbon-related metabolites correlated with fetal liver and brain weights, whereas lipid metabolites correlated with fetal body weight, indicating they may be drivers of fetal weight outcomes. Together, these data suggest that ALC alters maternal hepatic metabolic activity to limit glucose availability, thereby switching to alternate energy sources to meet the high-energy demands of pregnancy. Their correlation with fetal phenotypic outcomes indicates the influence of maternal metabolism on fetal growth and development. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of lower circulating Spexin levels with higher body mass indices and glucose metabolic profiles in adult subjects in Egypt; Objectives: Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide hormone that lowers blood glucose levels and is protective against hepatic steatosis in diet induced obese mouse models. We hypothesized that higher circulating SPX levels would be associated with a lean BMI and a more favorable metabolic profile in humans. We aimed to investigate SPX levels and its association with obesity, glucose metabolic and cardiovascular factors in lean individuals compared to physical activity matched obese individuals. Methods: This cross-sectional study was performed with the participation of 135 individuals with various BMIs. Anthropometric and fasting metabolic parameters were determined in all participants and serum SPX levels were measured using ELISA. Results: The levels of serum SPX were significantly lower in obese individuals than in those with overweight or normal-weight (P < 0.001). Additionally, SPX levels in the subgroup with diabetes was lower than those with normal glycemia (P < 0.001). On spearman correlation analysis, SPX levels were negatively associated with adiposity markers,FBS,IR,and unfavorable lipid profile, and positively associated with HDL-c(p < 0.001). On multiple stepwise linear regression analysis, the only covariates independently associated with SPX were IR and BMI. Additionally, in fully adjusted model, the odds ratio of T2DM with serum concentrations of SPX was approximately 0.912(95%CI 0.085–9.781, P < 0.001) compared to those with normal glycemia. Conclusion: SPX is a beneficial novel hormone whose circulating levels is significantly lower in obese subjects, and associated with unfavorable metabolic profiles. These data can suggestive of a potential role of SPX as a useful biomarker of the metabolic health status of one individual. © 2021 The Authors
Resveratrol Inhibited ADAM10 Mediated CXCL16-Cleavage and T-Cells Recruitment to Pancreatic β-Cells in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Mice; Background: CXCL16 attracts T-cells to the site of inflammation after cleaving by A Disintegrin and Metalloproteinase (ADAM10). Aim: The current study explored the role of ADAM10/CXCL16/T-cell/NF-κB in the initiation of type 1 diabetes (T1D) with special reference to the potential protecting role of resveratrol (RES). Methods: Four sets of Balb/c mice were created: a diabetes mellitus (DM) group (streptozotocin (STZ) 55 mg/kg, i.p.], a control group administered buffer, a RES group [RES, 50 mg/kg, i.p.), and a DM + RES group (RES (50 mg/kg, i.p.) and STZ (55 mg/kg, i.p.) administered daily for 12 days commencing from the fourth day of STZ injection). Histopathological changes, fasting blood insulin (FBI), glucose (FBG), serum and pancreatic ADAM10, CXCL16, NF-κB, T-cells pancreatic expression, inflammatory, and apoptotic markers were analyzed. Results: FBG, inflammatory and apoptotic markers, serum TNF-α, cellular CXCL16 and ADAM10 protein expression, pancreatic T-cell migration and NF-κB were significantly increased in diabetic mice compared to normal mice. RES significantly improved the biochemical and inflammatory parameters distorted in STZ-treated mice. Conclusions: ADAM10 promotes the cleaved form of CXCL16 driving T-cells into the islets of the pancreatic in T1D. RES successfully prevented the deleterious effect caused by STZ. ADAM10 and CXCL16 may serve as novel therapeutic targets for T1D. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal Prepregnancy 5-Hydroxytryptamine Exposure Affects the Early Development of the Fetus; In recent decades, the increasing incidence of depression has contributed to an increase in the use of serotonergic drugs, such as antidepressants, which predisposes humans to serotonin syndrome. Serotonin syndrome is caused by elevated serotonin levels in the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been well documented that the development of offspring can be affected by maternal exposure to environmental challenges, such as stress, diseases, or an unhealthy diet during pregnancy. Serotonin, also called 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), is widely expressed in the female reproductive system and plays an important role in the development of follicles and embryos. However, whether the suffering of the mother from serotonin syndrome before pregnancy affects fetal development is still uncertain. In the present study, to explore the effect of maternal prepregnancy 5-HT exposure on the fetus, intraperitoneal injection of 5-HT was used to change maternal prepregnancy 5-HT levels. It was found that maternal prepregnancy 5-HT exposure significantly reduced the body weight and liver weight and the levels of estrogen and progesterone in female mice. Although there was no significant difference in the cleavage rate and blastocyst rate between the 5-HT and control groups, maternal prepregnancy 5-HT exposure increased the percentage of embryo resorption, decreased placental weight, and led to placental inflammation at E13.5. Notably, 5-HT exposure caused weight loss in the offspring at 2 weeks. These results suggested that maternal prepregnancy 5-HT exposure could affect the development of the offspring, which was partly caused by reduced hormonal secretion and placental inflammation. Copyright © 2022 Han, Zhang, Duan, Li, Du, Cheng, Zhang, Zhai, An, Li, Zhang, Li and Tang.
BTEX exposure of pregnant women and associations with pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6 and TNF-α); Exposure to benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene, and xylenes (BTEX) may have different adverse effects on the health of pregnant women and fetal health, as pregnant women and fetuses are particularly vulnerable to exposure to contaminants.This cross-sectional study was conducted to investigate the exposure of pregnant women living in the vicinity of the Ilam petrochemical complex to BTEX and associations with serum pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-α. Based on the distance from the petrochemical complex, 110 pregnant women were enrolled in two groups of exposed (n = 60) and control (n = 50). Urinary BTEX was measured by a headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC/MS). The serum cytokines were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) diagnostic method. Results showed that the urinary concentrations of benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene, m-p-xylene, and o-xylene levels in the exposed group were 572, 829, 403, 567, and 416 ng/L, respectively, that were higher than the corresponding values in the control group. The mean serum concentrations of IL-6 and TNF-α in the exposed group were 5.26 and 6.0 pg/ml. Based on Spearman’s correlation coefficient analysis, in the exposed group, only benzene had the most positive and significant correlation with serum levels of IL-6 (r = 0.515, p < 0.01) and TNF-α (r = 0.289, p < 0.05). Also, a positive and significant correlation was observed between the two cytokines (r = 0.608, p < 0.01). According to the above results, long-term residence near the petrochemical industry, due to the adverse effects of exposure to BTEX compounds and their association with increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, may endanger the health of pregnant women. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Gestational Exercise Increases Male Offspring’s Maximal Workload Capacity Early in Life; Mothers’ antenatal strategies to improve the intrauterine environment can positively decrease pregnancy-derived intercurrences. By challenging the mother–fetus unit, gestational exercise (GE) favorably modulates deleterious stimuli, such as high-fat, high-sucrose (HFHS) diet-induced adverse consequences for offspring. We aimed to analyze whether GE alters maternal HFHS-consumption effects on male offspring’s maximal workload performance (MWP) and in some skeletal muscle (the soleus—SOL and the tibialis anterior—TA) biomarkers associated with mitochondrial biogenesis and oxidative fitness. Infant male Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into experimental groups according to mothers’ dietary and/or exercise conditions: offspring of sedentary control diet-fed or HFHS-fed mothers (C–S or HFHS–S, respectively) and of exercised HFHS-fed mothers (HFHS–E). Although maternal HFHS did not significantly alter MWP, offspring from GE dams exhibited increased MWP. Lower SOL AMPk levels in HFHS–S were reverted by GE. SOL PGC-1α, OXPHOS C-I and C-IV subunits remained unaltered by maternal diet, although increased in HFHS–E offspring. Additionally, GE prevented maternal diet-related SOL miR-378a overexpression, while upregulated miR-34a expression. Decreased TA C-IV subunit expression in HFHS–S was reverted in HFHS–E, concomitantly with the downregulation of miR-338. In conclusion, GE in HFHS-fed dams increases the offspring’s MWP, which seems to be associated with the intrauterine modulation of SM mitochondrial density and functional markers. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Relationship between gut microbiome characteristics and the effect of nutritional therapy on glycemic control in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The purpose of this study was to explore the relationship between the characteristics of gut microbiome and the effect of medical nutrition therapy (MNT) on glycemic control in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Seventy-four pregnant women newly diagnosed with GDM received MNT for one-week. The effect of glycemic control was evaluated by fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose; and stool samples of pregnant women were collected to detect the gut microbiome before and after MNT. We used a nested case-control study design, with pregnant women with GDM who did not meet glycemic standards after MNT as the ineffective group and those with an age difference of ≤5 years, matched for pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) 1:1, and meeting glycemic control criteria as the effective group. Comparison of the gut microbiome characteristics before MNT showed that the ineffective group was enriched in Desulfovibrio, Aeromonadales, Leuconostocaceae, Weissella, Prevotella, Bacillales_Incertae Sedis XI, Gemella and Bacillales, while the effective group was enriched in Roseburia, Clostridium, Bifidobacterium, Bifidobacteriales, Bifidobacteriaceae, Holdemania and Proteus. After treatment, the effective group was enriched in Bifidobacterium and Actinomycete, while the ineffective group was enriched in Holdemania, Proteus, Carnobacteriaceae and Granulicatella. In conclusion, the decrease in the abundance of characteristic gut microbiome positively correlated with blood glucose may be a factor influencing the poor hypoglycemic effect of MNT in pregnant women with GDM. Abundance of more characteristic gut microbiome negatively correlated with blood glucose could help control blood glucose in pregnant women with GDM. © 2022 Chen et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Periodontitis, Metabolic and Gastrointestinal Tract Diseases: Current Perspectives on Possible Pathogenic Connections; Comprehensive research conducted over the past decades has shown that there is a definite connection between periodontal and systemic conditions, leading to the development and consolidation of the “periodontal medicine” concept. The 2018 classification of periodontal conditions uses this concept as a key element of the precise diagnosis of and individualized therapeutical protocols for periodontitis patients. The topic of this review is the pathogenic connections that exist between periodontal disease and metabolic/digestive tract conditions. It is important to remember that the oral cavity is a key element of the digestive tract and that any conditions affecting its integrity and function (such as periodontitis or oral cancer) can have a significant impact on the metabolic and gastrointestinal status of a patient. Thus, significant diseases with links to metabolic or digestive disruptions were chosen for inclusion in the review, such as diabetes mellitus, hepatic conditions and gastric cancers. Periodontal pathogenic mechanisms share several significant elements with these conditions, including mutual pro-inflammatory mediators, bacterial elements and genetic predisposition. Consequently, periodontal screening should be recommended for affected patients, and conversely, periodontitis patients should be considered for careful monitoring of their metabolic and digestive status. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Comparison of maternal serum NRG-4 levels in healthy and preeclamptic pregnancies; Objective: The new adipokine, neuregulin-4 (NRG-4), acts as a signaling protein and plays a role in lipogenesis, inflammatory events and atherosclerosis. The aim was to investigate maternal levels of NRG-4 in preeclampsia (PE) disease. Material and Methods: Pregnant women with PE, divided into severe and mild PE, and gestational age-matched healthy pregnant women, as a control group, were recruited. NRG-4 levels were measured using an ELISA. NRG-4 levels in the groups and the relation between NRG-4 and clinical and laboratory parameters were analyzed. Results: There were 41 women in the PE group, 11 (26.8%) in the severe and 30 (73.2%) in the mild subgroups and 41 controls. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of maternal age, gravidity, parity, abortion, gestational week at the time of blood sampling, levels of hemoglobin, platelet count, alanine and aspartate transaminases (p=0.067, p=0.819, p=0.957, p=0.503, p=0.054, p=0.217, p=0.306, and p=0.270 respectively). The PE group had higher body mass index, nitrogen urea and creatinine values, and diastolic and systolic blood pressure (p=0.005, p<0.001, p<0.001, p<0.001, and p<0.001 respectively). In addition, earlier gestational week at delivery, lower birth weight and Apgar scores at 1 and 5 minutes and the occurrence of non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing were found in the PE group (p=0.010, p=0.004, p=0.005, p=0.005, and p=0.026 respectively). There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of NRG-4 (p=0.611). No correlation was identified between clinical parameters examined and NRG-4 levels (p=0.722). Conclusion: No association was found between NRG-4 concentrations and PE patients, regardless of severity of PE, compared to healthy pregnancies. Future longitudinal studies are needed to confirm this lack of association in PE. © 2022 by the Turkish-German Gynecological Education and Research Foundation.
Regulation of SIRT1 and Its Roles in Inflammation; The silent information regulator sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) protein, a highly conserved NAD+-dependent deacetylase belonging to the sirtuin family, is a post-translational regulator that plays a role in modulating inflammation. SIRT1 affects multiple biological processes by deacetylating a variety of proteins including histones and non-histone proteins. Recent studies have revealed intimate links between SIRT1 and inflammation, while alterations to SIRT1 expression and activity have been linked to inflammatory diseases. In this review, we summarize the mechanisms that regulate SIRT1 expression, including upstream activators and suppressors that operate on the transcriptional and post-transcriptional levels. We also summarize factors that influence SIRT1 activity including the NAD+/NADH ratio, SIRT1 binding partners, and post-translational modifications. Furthermore, we underscore the role of SIRT1 in the development of inflammation by commenting on the proteins that are targeted for deacetylation by SIRT1. Finally, we highlight the potential for SIRT1-based therapeutics for inflammatory diseases. Copyright © 2022 Yang, Liu, Wang, Chao, Zhang, Jia, Tie and Hu.
Balancing the Equation: A Natural History of Trimethylamine and Trimethylamine-N-oxide; Trimethylamine (TMA) and its N-oxide (TMAO) are ubiquitous in prokaryote and eukaryote organisms as well as in the environment, reflecting their fundamental importance in evolutionary biology, and their diverse biochemical functions. Both metabolites have multiple biological roles including cell-signaling. Much attention has focused on the significance of serum and urinary TMAO in cardiovascular disease risk, yet this is only one of the many facets of a deeper TMA-TMAO partnership that reflects the significance of these metabolites in multiple biological processes spanning animals, plants, bacteria, and fungi. We report on analytical methods for measuring TMA and TMAO and attempt to critically synthesize and map the global functions of TMA and TMAO in a systems biology framework. © 2022 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society
Adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice; Aims/hypothesis: Obesity and hepatic steatosis are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy. Adiponectin is a fat-derived hormone that improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity. Low levels of circulating adiponectin are associated with GDM development. We hypothesised that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, contributing to the development of GDM. Methods: To determine the role of adiponectin in fatty liver development during pregnancy, we compared pregnant (third week of pregnancy) adiponectin knockout (KO) mice (strain B6;129-Adipoqtm1Chan/J) with wild-type mice and assessed several variables of hepatic lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis. The impact of adiponectin supplementation was measured by administering adenovirus-mediated full-length adiponectin at the end of the second week of pregnancy and comparing with green fluorescent protein control. Results: In the third week of pregnancy, fasted pregnant adiponectin KO mice were hyperglycaemic on a low-fat diet (9.2 mmol/l vs 7.7 mmol/l in controls, p<0.05) and were glucose and pyruvate intolerant relative to wild-type mice. Pregnant adiponectin KO mice developed hepatic steatosis and a threefold elevation in hepatic triacylglycerols (p<0.05) relative to wild-type mice. Gestational weight gain and food consumption were similar in KO and wild-type mice. Adenoviral-mediated adiponectin supplementation to pregnant adiponectin KO mice improved glucose tolerance, prevented fasting hyperglycaemia and attenuated fatty liver development. Conclusions/interpretation: Adiponectin deficiency increased hepatic lipid accumulation during the period of pregnancy associated with increased fat utilisation. Consequently, adiponectin deficiency contributed to glucose intolerance, dysregulated gluconeogenesis and hyperglycaemia, all of which are characteristic of GDM. Increasing adiponectin in the last week of pregnancy alleviated hepatic steatosis and restored normal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Anti-Inflammatory Nutrients and Obesity-Associated Metabolic-Inflammation: State of the Art and Future Direction; Growing evidence supports the hypothesis that dietary factors may play a role in systemic low-grade chronic inflammation. Summary evidence from randomized controlled trials has shown substantial effects on biomarkers of inflammation following the adoption of plant-based diets (including, but not limited to, the Mediterranean diet), while consistent findings have been reported for higher intakes of whole grains, fruits, and vegetables and positive trends observed for the consumption of legumes, pulses, nuts, and olive oil. Among animal food groups, dairy products have been shown to have the best benefits on biomarkers of inflammation, while red meat and egg have been shown to have neutral effects. The present review provides an overview of the mechanisms underlying the relation between dietary factors and immune system, with a focus on specific macronutrient and non-nutrient phytochemicals (polyphenols) and low-grade inflammation. Substantial differences within each macronutrient group may explain the conflicting results obtained regarding foods high in saturated fats and carbohydrates, underlying the role of specific subtypes of molecules (i.e., short-chain fatty acids or fiber vs. long chain fatty acids or free added sugars) when exploring the relation between diet and inflammation, as well as the importance of the food matrix and the commixture of foods in the context of whole dietary patterns. Dietary polyphenols and oligopeptides have been hypothesized to exert several functions, including the regulation of the inflammatory response and effects on the immune system. Overall, evidence suggests that dietary factors may affect the immune system regardless of obesity-related inflammation. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Retinoid Homeostasis and Beyond: How Retinol Binding Protein 4 Contributes to Health and Disease; Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is the specific transport protein of the lipophilic vitamin A, retinol, in blood. Circulating RBP4 originates from the liver. It is secreted by hepatocytes after it has been loaded with retinol and binding to transthyretin (TTR). TTR association prevents renal filtration due to the formation of a higher molecular weight complex. In the circulation, RBP4 binds to specific membrane receptors, thereby delivering retinol to target cells, rendering liver-secreted RBP4 the major mechanism to distribute hepatic vitamin A stores to extrahepatic tissues. In particular, binding of RBP4 to ‘stimulated by retinoic acid 6’ (STRA6) is required to balance tissue retinoid responses in a highly homeostatic manner. Consequently, defects/mutations in RBP4 can cause a variety of conditions and diseases due to dysregulated retinoid homeostasis and cover embryonic development, vision, metabolism, and cardiovascular diseases. Aside from the effects related to retinol transport, non-canonical functions of RBP4 have also been reported. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge on the regulation and function of RBP4 in health and disease derived from murine models and human mutations. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Exposure to air pollution is associated with an increased risk of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Accumulating animal studies have demonstrated the harmful contribution of ambient air pollution (AP) to metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), but corresponding epidemiological evidence is limited. We examined the associations between long-term AP exposure and MAFLD prevalence in a Chinese population. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 90,086 participants recruited in China from 2018 to 2019. MAFLD was assessed based on radiologically diagnosed hepatic steatosis and the presence of overweight/obese status, diabetes mellitus, or metabolic dysregulation. Residence-specific levels of air pollutants, including particulate matter with aerodynamic diameters of ≤1 μm (PM1), ≤2.5 μm (PM2.5), and ≤10 μm (PM10), and nitrogen dioxide (NO2), were estimated by validated spatiotemporal models. We used logistic regression models to examine the AP–MAFLD associations and further evaluated potential effect modifications by demographics, lifestyle, central obesity, and diabetes status. Results: Increased exposure levels to all 4 air pollutants were significantly associated with increased odds of MAFLD, with odds ratios (ORs) of 1.13 (95% CI 1.10–1.17), 1.29 (1.25–1.34), 1.11 (1.09–1.14), and 1.15 (1.12–1.17) for each 10 μg/m3 increase in PM1, PM2.5, PM10, and NO2, respectively. Further stratified analyses revealed that individuals who are male, alcohol drinkers, and current and previous smokers, those who consume a high-fat diet, and those with central obesity experience more significant adverse effects from AP exposure than other individuals. Conclusions: This study provides evidence that long-term exposure to ambient PM1, PM2.5, PM10, and NO2 may increase the odds of MAFLD in the real world. These effects may be exacerbated by unhealthy lifestyle habits and central obesity. Lay summary: We conducted an epidemiological study on the potential effect of ambient air pollution on the risk of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in approximately 90 thousand adults in China. We found that long-term exposure to ambient air pollution may increase the odds of MAFLD, especially in individuals who are male, smokers, and alcohol drinkers, those who consume a high-fat diet, and those with central obesity. © 2021 The Author(s)
Beneficial effects of MgSO4 on TFAM, UPC3 and FNDC5 mRNA expressions in skeletal muscle of type 2 diabetic rats: a possible mechanism to improve insulin resistance; Background: Hypomagnesemia has been associated with development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and its complications. Irisin has beneficial effects on glucose uptake and improves hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effects of long-term treatment of MgSO4 and insulin on insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, serum and hepatic irisin levels, skeletal muscle gene expression of fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 5 (FNDC5), mitochondrial transcription factor A (TFAM) and mitochondrial uncoupling protein 3 (UCP3) in T2DM rats. Methods and Results: Twenty-four rats were divided into four groups: Control group, diabetic control (DC) using a high-fat diet + streptozotocin, insulin-treated diabetic group (DC + Ins), MgSO4-treated diabetic group (DC + Mg). At the end of therapies, serum concentrations of FBG, TG, insulin, Ox-LDL, along with serum and hepatic irisin levels were measured. FNDC5, TFAM, and UCP3 mRNA expressions were measured in the skeletal muscle by Real-time PCR. In comparison with DC group, MgSO4 therapy resulted in decreased FBG, TG, Ox-LDL, improved serum insulin and irisin levels, and increased mRNA expressions of FNDC5, UCP3 and TFAM. Insulin therapy significantly decreased FBG, Ox-LDL, FNDC5 and serum irisin levels compared with the control group. While, insulin therapy markedly increased TFAM and UCP3 compared with the DC group. Conclusions: In conclusion, MgSO4 can improve insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia partly through decreasing Ox-LDL, increasing serum irisin levels as well as increasing FNDC5, TFAM, and UCP3 mRNA expressions in T2DM rats. These findings can be considered in the management of diabetes treatment. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The effect of probiotics on gestational diabetes and its complications in pregnant mother and newborn: A systematic review and meta-analysis during 2010–2020; This study was aimed to evaluate the effect of probiotics consumption on gestational diabetes (GD) and its complications in pregnant mother and newborn. The study was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42021243409) and all the enrolled articles were collected from four databases (Medline, Scopus, Embase, and Google Scholar) as randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from 2010 to 2020. A total of 4865 study participants from 28 selected studies were included in this review. The present meta-analysis showed that the consumption of probiotics supplementation has the potential to decrease GD-predisposing metabolic parameters such as blood glucose level, lipid profile, inflammation, and oxidative markers which may reduce GD occurrence among pregnant women. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Clinical Laboratory Analysis published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Role of buccal and intestinal microbiota in the ontology of cardiometabolic diseases and type 2 diabetes; The advent of ultra-high debit sequencing techniques has enabled the discovery and the description of a new ‘microcosm’, the intestinal and buccal microbiota. During the last two decades the mechanisms through which this highly diverse microbial ecosystem controls the energy metabolism of an individual, from birth to death, have emerged. This symbiosis is thus of great benefit to the host. However, environmental factors, changes in lifestyle and other influences generate a dysbiosis in this microbiota which alters the microbial functions responsible for the control of host's energetic metabolism. The role of one of these microbial effectors, lipopolysaccharides (LPS), was established more than a decade ago, in inflammation, multi-organic steatite, insulin resistance, obesity, periodontitis and type 2 diabetes. Moreover, metabolism by the bucco-intestinal microorganisms of aromatic or branched amino-acids, of biliary acids, of alimentary fiber, and of mucus produces the specific bioactive molecules which control numerous host functions, particularly those linked to energy metabolism, cellular proliferation and inflammation. These molecules can act directly on the bucco-intestinal ecosystem, as well as on other tissues. These remote effects are linked to a translocation of bacteria to tissues where a tissue microbiota is established. This new microbiota can, on the one hand, become dysbiotic and generate inflammation or, on the other hand, it can be eubiotic and thus be protective. The microbiota and their metabolites thus represent novel pharmaceutical targets to develop first-in-class drugs in the near future. Metabolic and cardiovascular pathologies could be treated by targeting the bucco-intestinal ecosystem, which represents an early stage in the cascade of mechanisms regulating energy metabolism. © 2022 Elsevier Masson SAS
Antioxidant Effects of Statins by Modulating Nrf2 and Nrf2/HO-1 Signaling in Different Diseases; Statins are competitive inhibitors of hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA (HMG-CoA) reductase and have been used to treat elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) for almost four decades. Antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties which are independent of the lipid-lowering effects of statins, i.e., their pleiotropic effects, might be beneficial in the prevention or treatment of many diseases. This review discusses the antioxidant effects of statins achieved by modulating the nuclear factor erythroid 2 related factor 2/ heme oxygenase-1 (Nrf2/HO-1) pathway in different organs and diseases. Nrf2 and other proteins involved in the Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway have a crucial role in cellular responses to oxidative stress, which is a risk factor for ASCVD. Statins can significantly increase the DNA-binding activity of Nrf2 and induce the expression of its target genes, such as HO-1 and glutathione peroxidase) GPx, (thus protecting the cells against oxidative stress. Antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of statins, which are independent of their lipid-lowering effects, could be partly explained by the modulation of the Nrf2/HO-1 pathway. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Novel Chemical and Biological Insights of Inositol Derivatives in Mediterranean Plants; Inositols (Ins) are natural compounds largely widespread in plants and animals. Biosinthetically they derive from sugars, possessing a molecular structure very similar to the simple sugars, and this aspect concurs to define them as primary metabolites, even though it is much more correct to place them at the boundary between primary and secondary metabolites. This dichotomy is well represented by the fact that as primary metabolites they are essential cellular components in the form of phospholipid derivatives, while as secondary metabolites they are involved in a plethora of signaling pathways playing an important role in the surviving of living organisms. myo-Inositol is the most important and widespread compound of this family, it derives directly from D-glucose, and all known inositols, including stereoisomers and derivatives, are the results of metabolic processes on this unique molecule. In this review, we report the new insights of these compounds and their derivatives concerning their occurrence in Nature with a particular emphasis on the plant of the Mediterranean area, as well as the new developments about their biological effectiveness. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effects of magnolol supplementation on growth performance, meat quality, oxidative capacity, and intestinal microbiota in broilers; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of magnolol (MAG) on growth performance, meat quality, oxidative capacity, and intestinal microbiota in the yellow-feather broilers. A total of 360 one-day-old male yellow-feather broiler chicks were allocated into 5 groups of 6 replicates and 12 chickens per replicate, were fed a basal diet supplemented with 0 (Control group, CON), 100, 200, 300, or 400 mg/kg MAG for 51 d. The results showed that dietary supplementation with 200 and 300 mg/kg MAG increased the average daily gain (ADG) but decreased feed to gain ratio (F/G) during the overall periods (P < 0.05). Dietary MAG increased significantly the redness value (a∗) of the breast muscle (P < 0.05), and decreased the water loss rate and shear force of the breast meat (P < 0.05). MAG supplement reduced the malondialdehyde (MDA) levels, and increased the glutathione (GSH), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) levels in breast muscle and jejunum. PCR analysis showed that MAG increased the levels of NF-E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), NAD(P)H/quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), glutathione-S transferase (GST), glutamate-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit (GCLC), glutamate-cysteine ligase modifier subunit (GCLM), and SOD expressions (P < 0.05). Analysis of differential enrichment of gut microbiota found that Faecalibacterium in the cecum of MAG supplemented broilers increased, and Coprobacillus has decreased (P < 0.05). In conclusion, MAG improved growth performance, meat quality of the broilers and antioxidant capacity, and modulated gut microbiota homeostasis. © 2022 The Authors
Exercise training modulates adipokine dysregulations in metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for various metabolic diseases, and it is characterized by central obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and insulin resistance. The core component for MetS is adipose tissue, which releases adipokines and influences physical health. Adipokines consist of pro and anti-inflammatory cytokines and contribute to various physiological functions. Generally, a sedentary lifestyle promotes fat accumulation and secretion of pro-inflammatory adipokines. However, regular exercise has been known to exert various beneficial effects on metabolic and cognitive disorders. Although the mechanisms underlying exercise beneficial effects in MetS are not fully understood, changes in energy expenditure, fat accumulation, circulatory level of myokines, and adipokines might be involved. This review article focuses on some of the selected adipokines in MetS, and their responses to exercise training considering possible mechanisms. © 2022 Chengdu Sport University
Maternal polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations during pregnancy and childhood liver fat accumulation; Background & aims: Maternal polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) concentrations in pregnancy are essential for fetal lipid metabolism and adipocyte differentiation. Whether suboptimal maternal gestational PUFA concentrations adversely affect offspring liver fat development is unknown. We aimed to examine the associations of maternal n-3 and n-6 PUFA concentrations in pregnancy with childhood liver fat accumulation. Methods: In a population-based prospective cohort study among 2424 mother–child pairs, we measured maternal total and individual n-3 and n-6 PUFA plasma concentrations at mean gestational age of 20.6 ± 1.1 weeks. Childhood liver fat fraction was obtained by MRI at 10 years. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease was a liver fat fraction ≥5.0%. Results: We observed that 1-Standard deviation (SD) higher maternal n-3 PUFA concentrations, especially DHA, was associated with a lower childhood liver fat fraction [−0.07 SD-score (95% CI −0.11 to −0.02, p-value = 0.001) for both total n-3 PUFA and DHA concentrations]. Of n-6 PUFAs, 1-SD higher maternal dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid concentrations was associated with a higher childhood liver fat fraction [0.06 SD-score (95% CI 0.02–0.10, p-value = 0.004)]. Associations were not explained by maternal or childhood socio-demographic and lifestyle characteristics. Associations were stronger among boys and less consistent among girls. Among boys, higher maternal total n-3 PUFA concentrations were associated with a lower risk of childhood non-alcohol fatty liver disease [odds ratio 0.42 (95% CI 0.25–0.70, p-value = 0.001)]. Conclusions: Maternal lower n-3 PUFA and higher n-6 PUFA concentrations in pregnancy are associated with offspring liver fat accumulation in childhood. Optimizing maternal PUFA concentrations during pregnancy may be a target for preventing liver fat accumulation in their offspring. © 2022 The Authors
The Epidemiology and Mechanisms of Lifetime Cardiopulmonary Morbidities Associated With Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions in the last few decades. The global increase in obesity has contributed to an increase in the number of pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or with excessive gestational weight gain. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of maternal co-morbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension. Both obesity during pregnancy and its associated complications are not only associated with immediate adverse outcomes for the mother and their newborns during the perinatal period but, more importantly, are linked with long-term morbidities in the offsprings. Neonates born to women with obesity are at higher risk for cardiac complications including cardiac malformations, and non-structural cardiac issues such as changes in the microvasculature, e.g., elevated systolic blood pressure, and overt systemic hypertension. Pulmonary diseases associated with maternal obesity include respiratory distress syndrome, asthma during childhood and adolescence, and adulthood diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Sequelae of short-term complications compound long-term outcomes such as long-term obesity, hypertension later in life, and metabolic complications including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to explain these adverse outcomes and are related to the emerging knowledge of pathophysiology of obesity in adults. The best investigated ones include the role of obesity-mediated metabolic alterations and systemic inflammation. There is emerging evidence linking metabolic and immune derangements to altered biome, and alteration in epigenetics as one of the intermediary mechanisms underlying the adverse outcomes. These are initiated as part of fetal adaptation to obesity during pregnancy which are compounded by rapid weight gain during infancy and early childhood, a known complication of obesity during pregnancy. This newer evidence points toward the role of specific nutrients and changes in biome that may potentially modify the adverse outcomes observed in the offsprings of women with obesity. Copyright © 2022 Rastogi and Rastogi.
Trehalose Activates Hepatic and Myocardial Autophagy and Has Anti-Inflammatory Effects in db/db Diabetic Mice; Db/db mice (carrying a mutation in the gene encoding leptin receptor) show autophagy suppression. Our aim was to evaluate the effect of autophagy inducer trehalose on liver and heart autophagy in db/db mice and to study inflammation dysregulation and the suitability of chitinases’ expression levels as diabetes markers. Thirty-eight male db/db mice and C57/BL mice (control) were used. The db/db model manifested inflammation symptoms: overexpression of TNF-α in the spleen and underexpression of IL-10 in the liver and spleen (cytokine imbalance). Simultaneously, we revealed decreased expression of chitotriosidase (CHIT1) and acid mammalian chitinase (CHIA) in the liver of db/db mice. CHIA expression in db/db mice is significantly lower only in the spleen. Trehalose treatment significantly reduced blood glucose concentration and glycated hemoglobin. Treatment of db/db mice by trehalose was followed by increased autophagy induction in the heart and liver (increased autolysosomes volume density studied by morphometric electron-microscopic method). Trehalose exerted beneficial cardiac effects possibly via increased lipophagy (uptake of lipid droplets). The autophagy activation by trehalose had several positive effects on the heart and liver of db/db mice; therefore, lipophagy activation seems to be a promising therapy for diabetes. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Obesity and diabetes; An increasing pandemic of obesity and diabetes (diabetes mellitus, DM) has become a serious health concern worldwide because these diseases contribute to the development of many chronic diseases including cardiovascular diseases, stroke, kidney diseases, ocular diseases, hypertension, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), obstructive sleep apnea, osteoarthritis, and some types of cancer, among others. Obesity is a complex metabolic disease commonly accompanied by insulin resistance, increased oxidative stress, and low-grade inflammation and is characterized by accumulation of an excess fat mass in the body. Diabetes is a metabolic disorder characterized by destruction of pancreatic beta-cells or impaired insulin secretion and insulin action. The rise of obesity has been attributed to different potential factors including genetic predisposition, Western-type fast food diet, lack of physical activity, and social status. According to the report of the International Obesity Task Force, more than 600 million people are obese, and the number of obese-born children in developing countries is increasing at an alarming rate. One of three children born in this century is expected to develop obesity-related diabetes. Currently prescribed synthetic drugs for obesity and diabetes have several side effects on long-term use. A variety of natural products including antioxidant phytochemicals has emerged as promising potent herbal drugs for the treatment of obesity, diabetes, and their associated complications. Recent "omics" technologies (genomics, proteomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics, and microbiomics) have potentially improved our knowledge to identify the mechanism of action of these traditional natural medicines and the process of biosynthesis in nature and their efficient identification. Recent understanding on the diagnosis, clinical pathogenesis, epidemiology, risk factors, clinical treatments, and consequences of obesity and diabetes are summarized in this chapter. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022. All rights reserved.
Novel Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Diagnosis Index Using Deep Features and Local Directional Pattern Techniques; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a genetic disorder that exhibits a wide spectrum of clinical presentations, including sudden death. Early diagnosis and intervention may avert the latter. Left ventricular hypertrophy on heart imaging is an important diagnostic criterion for HCM, and the most common imaging modality is heart ultrasound (US). The US is operator-dependent, and its interpretation is subject to human error and variability. We proposed an automated computer-aided diagnostic tool to discriminate HCM from healthy subjects on US images. We used a local directional pattern and the ResNet-50 pretrained network to classify heart US images acquired from 62 known HCM patients and 101 healthy subjects. Deep features were ranked using Student’s t-test, and the most significant feature (SigFea) was identified. An integrated index derived from the simulation was defined as 100·log10 (SigFea/ √ 2) in each subject, and a diagnostic threshold value was empirically calculated as the mean of the minimum and maximum integrated indices among HCM and healthy subjects, respectively. An integrated index above a threshold of 0.5 separated HCM from healthy subjects with 100% accuracy in our test dataset. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
State of Knowledge on Molecular Adaptations to Exercise in Humans: Historical Perspectives and Future Directions; For centuries, regular exercise has been acknowledged as a potent stimulus to promote, maintain, and restore healthy functioning of nearly every physiological system of the human body. With advancing understanding of the complexity of human physiology, continually evolving method-ological possibilities, and an increasingly dire public health situation, the study of exercise as a preventative or therapeutic treatment has never been more interdisciplinary, or more impactful. During the early stages of the NIH Common Fund Molecular Transducers of Physical Activity Consortium (MoTrPAC) Initiative, the field is well-positioned to build substantially upon the existing understanding of the mechanisms underlying benefits associated with exercise. Thus, we present a comprehensive body of the knowledge detailing the current literature basis surrounding the molecular adaptations to exercise in humans to provide a view of the state of the field at this criti-cal juncture, as well as a resource for scientists bringing external expertise to the field of exercise physiology. In reviewing current literature related to molecular and cellular processes underlying exercise-induced benefits and adaptations, we also draw attention to existing knowledge gaps warranting continued research effort. © American Physiological Society.
Bone microarchitecture, bone mineral density and bone turnover in association with glycemia and insulin action in women with prior gestational diabetes; Objective: The aim of this cross-sectional study was to comprehensively assess bone health in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus, including bone microarchitecture (TBS), bone mineral density (BMD, DXA) and bone turnover (osteocalcin). Design, Patients and Measurements: Study participants underwent a detailed anthropometric, biochemical and hormone assessment, including insulin and osteocalcin measurement. BMD was measured at lumbar spine, femur neck and total hip using DXA and TBS derived from lumbar spine DXA images using TBS iNsight software. Results: A total of 240 women (mean age: 33.3 ± 5.0 years; median postpartum duration: 34 [interquartile range 13.0–54.5] months were evaluated. At the current visit, 115 (47.9%) and 36 (15%) women had prediabetes and diabetes, respectively. Women with dysglycemia (diabetes/prediabetes) had a higher BMD at all three sites, compared to those with normoglycemia; however, the difference was not statistically significant. Women with dysglycemia had a significantly lower TBS (1.32 ± 0.09 vs. 1.35 ± 0.09; p =.038). In the fully adjusted model, the odds ratio for association between diabetes and low TBS was 2.92 (95% confidence interval: 1.20, 7.08; p =.018). Women with dysglycemia had significantly lower serum osteocalcin levels (18.6 ± 8.5 ng/ml vs. 21.5 ± 9.7 ng/ml; p =.018). HOMA-IR (r = −.285, p <.001) was negatively correlated, while Matsuda index (r =.274, p <.001) and disposition index (r =.159, p =.016) were positively correlated with serum osteocalcin levels. Conclusions: Bone health is affected early in the natural history of diabetes and is associated with an overall low bone turnover state. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Fatty Pancreas-Centered Metabolic Basis of Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma: From Obesity, Diabetes and Pancreatitis to Oncogenesis; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the deadliest types of cancer, and it is currently the third most common cause of cancer death in the U.S.A. Progress in the fight against PDAC has been hampered by an inability to detect it early in the overwhelming majority of patients, and also by the reduced oxygen levels and nutrient perfusion caused by new matrix formation through the activation of stromal cells in the context of desmoplasia. One harbinger of PDAC is excess intrapancreatic fat deposition, namely, fatty pancreas, which specifically affects the tumor macro-and microenvironment in the organ. Over half of PDAC patients have diabetes mellitus (DM) at the time of diagnosis, and fatty pancreas is associated with subsequent DM development. Moreover, there is a strong association between fatty pancreas and fatty liver through obesity, and a higher intrapancreatic fat percentage has been noted in acute pancreatitis patients with DM than in those without DM. All these findings suggest that the link between fatty pancreas and PDAC might occur through metabolic alterations, either DM-related or non-DM-related. Based on clinical, in vivo and in vitro evidence, the current review highlights the etiologies of fatty pancreas (including fatty infiltration and replacement) and the fatty pancreas-associated metabolic alterations involved in oncogenesis to provide crucial targets to prevent, detect, and/or effectively treat PDAC. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fetal programming of human energy homeostasis brain networks: Issues and considerations; In this paper, we present a transdisciplinary framework and testable hypotheses regarding the process of fetal programming of energy homeostasis brain circuitry. Our model proposes that key aspects of energy homeostasis brain circuitry already are functional by the time of birth (with substantial interindividual variation); that this phenotypic variation at birth is an important determinant of subsequent susceptibility for energy imbalance and childhood obesity risk; and that this brain circuitry exhibits developmental plasticity, in that it is influenced by conditions during intrauterine life, particularly maternal–placental–fetal endocrine, immune/inflammatory, and metabolic processes and their upstream determinants. We review evidence that supports the scientific premise for each element of this formulation, identify future research directions, particularly recent advances that may facilitate a better quantification of the ontogeny of energy homeostasis brain networks, highlight animal and in vitro-based approaches that may better address the determinants of interindividual variation in energy homeostasis brain networks, and discuss the implications of this formulation for the development of strategies targeted towards the primary prevention of childhood obesity. © 2021 World Obesity Federation
Obesity definition, diagnosis, bias, standard operating procedures (SOPs), and telehealth: An Obesity Medicine Association (OMA) Clinical Practice Statement (CPS) 2022; Background: The Obesity Medicine Association (OMA) Clinical Practice Statement (CPS) regarding definition, diagnosis, bias, standard operating procedures (SOPs) and telehealth is intended to provide clinicians an overview of obesity medicine and provide basic organizational tools towards establishing, directing, managing, and maintaining an obesity medical practice. Methods: This CPS is based upon published scientific citations, clinical perspectives of OMA authors, and peer review by Obesity Medicine Association leadership. Results: OMA has defined obesity as: “A chronic, progressive, relapsing, and treatable multi-factorial, neurobehavioral disease, wherein an increase in body fat promotes adipose tissue dysfunction and abnormal fat mass physical forces, resulting in adverse metabolic, biomechanical, and psychosocial health consequences.” While body mass index may be sufficiently diagnostic for populations and many patients, accurate diagnosis of adiposity in an individual may require anthropometric assessments beyond body weight alone (e.g., waist circumference, percent body fat, and android/visceral fat). Obesity complications can be categorized as “sick fat disease” (adiposopathy) and/or “fat mass disease.” Obesity complications predominantly of fat mass origins include sleep apnea and orthopedic conditions. Obesity complications due to adiposopathic endocrinopathies and/or immunopathies include cardiovascular disease, cancer, elevated blood sugar, elevated blood pressure, dyslipidemia, fatty liver, and alterations in sex hormones in both males (i.e., hypogonadism) and females (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome). Obesity treatment begins with proactive steps to avoid weight bias, including patient-appropriate language, office equipment, and supplies. To help manage obesity and its complications, this CPS provides a practical template for an obesity medicine practice, creation of standard operating procedures, and incorporation of the OMA “ADAPT” method in telehealth (Assessment, Diagnosis, Advice, Prognosis, and Treatment). Conclusions: The OMA CPS regarding “Obesity Definition, Diagnosis, Bias, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and Telehealth” is one in a series of OMA CPSs designed to assist clinicians care for patients with the disease of obesity. © 2022 The Authors
UPLC-Orbitrap-MS/MS Combined With Biochemical Analysis to Determine the Growth and Development of Mothers and Fetuses in Different Gestation Periods on Tibetan Sow Model; Pregnancy is a complex and dynamic process, the physiological and metabolite changes of the mother are affected by different pregnancy stages, but little information is available about their changes and potential mechanisms during pregnancy, especially in blood and amniotic fluid. Here, the maternal metabolism rules at different pregnancy stages were investigated by using a Tibetan sow model to analyze the physiological hormones and nutrient metabolism characteristics of maternal serum and amniotic fluid as well as their correlations with each other. Our results showed that amniotic fluid had a decrease (P < 0.05) in the concentrations of glucose, insulin and hepatocyte growth factor as pregnancy progressed, while maternal serum exhibited the highest concentrations of glucose and insulin at 75 days of gestation (P < 0.05), and a significant positive correlation (P < 0.05) between insulin and citric acid. Additionally, T4 and cortisol had the highest levels during late gestation (P < 0.05). Furthermore, metabolomics analysis revealed significant enrichment in the citrate cycle pathway and the phenylalanine/tyrosine/tryptophan biosynthesis pathway (P < 0.05) with the progress of gestation. This study clarified the adaptive changes of glucose, insulin and citric acid in Tibetan sows during pregnancy as well as the influence of aromatic amino acids, hepatocyte growth factor, cortisol and other physiological indicators on fetal growth and development, providing new clues for the normal development of the mother and the fetus, which may become a promising target for improving the well-being of pregnancy. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Tan, Xin, Huang, Ma, Zhang, Shu, Luo, Deng, Jiang and Deng.
The Presence of Triclosan in Human Hair Samples in Poland—A Pilot Study; Triclosan (TCS) is an organic substance showing antibacterial action, which is commonly used in many branches of industry, including, among others, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and the food industry. TCS may penetrate into living organisms and negatively affect the health of humans and animals. The majority of previous investigations on TCS biomonitoring in humans have been performed on urine, but currently, studies on hair samples are becoming increasingly important. The aim of this study was to evaluate TCS concentration levels in residents of Olsztyn, a city in northeastern Poland, using a liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry technique. The presence of TCS was observed in 96.7% of samples tested, with concentration levels from 37.9 pg/mg to 3386.5 pg/mg. The mean concentration level of TCS in the present study was 402.6 (±803.6) pg/mg, and the median value was 103.3 pg/mg. Although there were some differences in TCS concentration levels between males and females, humans of various ages and humans with colored and natural hair had no statistically significant differences in TCS concentration levels. The obtained results have clearly indicated that people living in northeastern Poland are exposed to TCS to a large degree, and hair analysis, despite some limitations, is a suitable method for TCS biomonitoring in humans. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Resolvins’ Obesity-Driven Deficiency: The Implications for Maternal–Fetal Health; Since pregnancy is already characterized by mild but significant inflammatory activity in physiological conditions, when complicated by obesity the probability of a persistent inflammatory state increases, with consequent multiple repercussions that add up to the complications associated with acute inflammation. In this context, the role of resolvins, specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), deriving from omega-3 essential fatty acids, may be crucial. Indeed, differential production in numerous high-risk conditions associated with both childbirth and neonatal health, the correlation between maternal omega-3 intake and resolvin concentrations in maternal blood and at the placental level, and the high values found in breast milk in the first month of breastfeeding, are some of the most important hallmarks of these autacoids. In addition, a growing body of scientific evidence supports the lack of SPMs, at the level of immune-metabolic tissues, in the case of obesity. Furthermore, the obesity-related lack of SPMs seems to be decisive in the context of the current outbreak of COVID-19, as it appears to be one of the causes associated with the higher incidence of complications and negative outcomes of SARS-CoV-2 infection. The usefulness of metabolomics in this field appears clear, given that through the metabolome it is possible to observe the numerous and complex interactions between the mother, the placenta and the fetus in order to identify specific biomarkers useful in the prediction, diagnosis and monitoring of the various obstetric conditions. However, further investigations are needed in order to evaluate the possible use of some resolvins as biomarkers of maternal–fetal outcomes but also to establish adequate integration values in pregnant women with omega-3 fatty acids or with more active derivatives that guarantee optimal SPM production under risky conditions. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
“GENYAL” Study to Childhood Obesity Prevention: Methodology and Preliminary Results; Objective: This article describes the methodology and summarizes some preliminary results of the GENYAL study aiming to design and validate a predictive model, considering both environmental and genetic factors, that identifies children who would benefit most from actions aimed at reducing the risk of obesity and its complications. Design: The study is a cluster randomized clinical trial with 5-year follow-up. The initial evaluation was carried out in 2017. The schools were randomly split into intervention (nutritional education) and control schools. Anthropometric measurements, social and health as well as dietary and physical activity data of schoolchildren and their families are annually collected. A total of 26 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were assessed. Machine Learning models are being designed to predict obesity phenotypes after the 5-year follow-up. Settings: Six schools in Madrid. Participants: A total of 221 schoolchildren (6–8 years old). Results: Collected results show that the prevalence of excess weight was 19.0, 25.4, and 32.2% (according to World Health Organization, International Obesity Task Force and Orbegozo Foundation criteria, respectively). Associations between the nutritional state of children with mother BMI [β = 0.21 (0.13–0.3), p (adjusted) <0.001], geographical location of the school [OR = 2.74 (1.24–6.22), p (adjusted) = 0.06], dairy servings per day [OR = 0.48 (0.29–0.75), p (adjusted) = 0.05] and 8 SNPs [rs1260326, rs780094, rs10913469, rs328, rs7647305, rs3101336, rs2568958, rs925946; p (not adjusted) <0.05] were found. Conclusions: These baseline data support the evidence that environmental and genetic factors play a role in the development of childhood obesity. After 5-year follow-up, the GENYAL study pretends to validate the predictive model as a new strategy to fight against obesity. Clinical Trial Registration: This study has been registered in ClinicalTrials.gov with the identifier NCT03419520, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03419520. Copyright © 2022 Marcos-Pasero, Aguilar-Aguilar, de la Iglesia, Espinosa-Salinas, Molina, Colmenarejo, Martínez, Ramírez de Molina, Reglero and Loria-Kohen.
MicroRNA-132 is overexpressed in fetuses with late-onset fetal growth restriction; Background and Aims: To evaluate the expression of microRNA 132 (miR-132) in fetuses with normal growth and in fetuses with late-onset growth restriction (FGR). Methods: In a prospective cohort study, 48 fetuses (24 with late-onset FGR and 24 with normal growth) were scanned with Doppler ultrasound after 34 weeks to measure the umbilical artery and middle cerebral artery pulsatility indices and followed until birth. Subsequently, blood samples from the umbilical cord were collected to evaluate the expression of miR-132 by means of Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction, determining the existence of normality cut-offs and associations with birth weight (BW) centile, cerebroplacental ratio multiples of the median (CPR MoM), and intrapartum fetal compromise (IFC). Results: In comparison with normal fetuses, late-onset FGR fetuses showed upregulation of miR-132 (33.94 ± 45.04 vs. 2.88 ± 9.32 2−ddCt, p < 0.001). Using 5 as a cut-off we obtained a sensitivity of 50% and a specificity of 96% for the diagnosis of FGR, while for IFC these values were respectively 27% and 73%. Expression of miR-132 was associated with BW centile but not with CPR MoM. Finally, the best detection of IFC was achieved combining miR-132 expression and CPR MoM (AUC = 0.69, p < 0.05). Conclusion: Fetuses with late-onset FGR show upregulation of miR-132. Further studies are needed to investigate the role of miR-132 in the management of late-onset FGR. © 2022 The Authors. Health Science Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The CDKAL1 rs7747752-Bile Acids Interaction Increased Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Nested Case-Control Study; Aims: The study aimed to explore additive interactions of CDKAL1 rs7747752 and GUDCA/DCA for GDM risk and whether the interactive effects on the risk of GDM was mediated via increasing lysophosphatidylcholines (LPC) 18:0 and/or saturated fatty acid (SFA) 16:0. Methods: A 1:1 age-matched study nested in a prospective cohort of pregnant women (207 pairs) was organized in Tianjin, China. Additive interactions were used to test interaction effects while mediation analyses and Sobel tests were used to test mediation effects of LPC18:0 and SFA16:0 between copresence of rs7747752 and low GUDCA/DCA, and GDM risk. Results: The CDKAL1 rs7747752 was associated with GDM (P<0.05). The rs7747752 C polymorphism markedly enhanced ORs of low GUDCA from 4.04 (0.72-22.8) to 9.02 (1.63-49.7) and low DCA from 1.67 (0.68-4.11) to 4.24 (1.84-9.76), both with significant additive interactions. Further adjustment for LPC18:0 attenuated the interactive effects of rs7747752 and low DCA, with a significant mediation effect (P=0.003). High SFA16:0 did not mediate the interactive effects of rs7747752 and low DCA/GUDCA on GDM risk. Conclusions: The CDKAL1 rs7747752 C carrier status and low GUDCA/DCA had significant additive interactions on the risk of GDM with the effect from interaction with DCA being partially mediated via increasing LPC18:0. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Li, Leng, Li, Liu, Yan, Yu, Hu, Ma, Fang, Wang and Yang.
Combination Therapy of Alpha-Lipoic Acid, Gliclazide and Ramipril Protects Against Development of Diabetic Cardiomyopathy via Inhibition of TGF-β/Smad Pathway; Background: Diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) is a major long-term complication of diabetes mellitus, accounting for over 20% of annual mortality rate of diabetic patients globally. Although several existing anti-diabetic drugs have improved glycemic status in diabetic patients, prevalence of DCM is still high. This study investigates cardiac effect of alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) supplementation of anti-diabetic therapy in experimental DCM. Methods: Following 12 h of overnight fasting, 44 male Sprague Dawley rats were randomly assigned to two groups of healthy control (n = 7) and diabetic (n = 37) groups, and fasting blood glucose was measured. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was induced in diabetic group by intraperitoneal (i.p.) administration of nicotinamide (110 mg/kg) and streptozotocin (55 mg/kg). After confirmation of T2DM on day 3, diabetic rats received monotherapies with ALA (60 mg/kg; n = 7), gliclazide (15 mg/kg; n = 7), ramipril (10 mg/kg; n = 7) or combination of the three drugs (n = 7) for 6 weeks while untreated diabetic rats received distilled water and were used as diabetic control (n = 9). Rats were then sacrificed, and blood, pancreas and heart tissues were harvested for analyses using standard methods. Results: T2DM induction caused pancreatic islet destruction, hyperglycemia, weight loss, high relative heart weight, and development of DCM, which was characterized by myocardial degeneration and vacuolation, cardiac fibrosis, elevated cardiac damage markers (plasma and cardiac creatine kinase-myocardial band, brain natriuretic peptide and cardiac troponin I). Triple combination therapy of ALA, gliclazide and ramipril preserved islet structure, maintained body weight and blood glucose level, and prevented DCM development compared to diabetic control (p < 0.001). In addition, the combination therapy markedly reduced plasma levels of inflammatory markers (IL-1β, IL-6 and TNF-α), plasma and cardiac tissue malondialdehyde, triglycerides and total cholesterol while significantly increasing cardiac glutathione and superoxide dismutase activity and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol compared to diabetic control (p < 0.001). Mechanistically, induction of T2DM upregulated cardiac expression of TGF-β1, phosphorylated Smad2 and Smad3 proteins, which were downregulated following triple combination therapy (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Triple combination therapy of ALA, gliclazide and ramipril prevented DCM development by inhibiting TGF-β1/Smad pathway. Our findings can be extrapolated to the human heart, which would provide effective additional pharmacological therapy against DCM in T2DM patients. Copyright © 2022 Dugbartey, Wonje, Alornyo, Robertson, Adams, Boima and Mensah.
High-fat Diet Increases Sprague-Dawley Corticosterone Blood Levels with Nominal Change in Adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) Level with Signs of Increased Mesenteric Adiposity; BACKGROUND: Corticosterone is a common hormone in research involving rodents as it is used to indicate and measure stress levels. It was widely reported that certain dietary habits and components induce Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) axis activity, with corticosterone found in the bloodstream. Chronic corticosterone presence can portray signs and symptoms of certain endocrine. Certain food and chemicals were found to alter HPA axis activity leading to dysregulation of the HPA axis. Earlier studies have shown enhancement of the HPA axis to produce more glucocorticoids by an unbalanced diet. This study aims to shed more light on this subject. METHODS: Sprague Dawley rats were divided into five groups of seven each and were fed five respective diets (control, high-fat, high-protein, high-sugar, and high-starch), with tap water as drinking water ad libitum. After eight weeks, the rats were euthanized, blood was collected, and serum harvested and kept for analysis. Mesenteric fat was identified, harvested, and stained with hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) and set for viewing under light microscope. The hormones of interest which is adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and corticosterone was extracted from the blood, to be processed accordingly and quantified using the High-Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) with photodiode array (PDA) analysis technique. RESULTS: The results showed an increase in Sprague-Dawley corticosterone blood levels with a nominal change in ACTH level. Advanced hypertrophy was observed in mesenteric adipose tissue in the high-fat diet group compared to the other diet groups. CONCLUSION: This study confirms the negative effect of a high-fat diet on health from a hormonal and adipocyte perspective. A high-fat diet was found to instigate the HPA axis and influence blood corticosterone level. © 2022
WISP1 is increased in the maternal serum, adipose tissue, and placenta of women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aimed to investigate the concentration of Wingless-type (Wnt)-inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1) in the serum, and its expression in the abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), and placenta of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 69 patients with GDM and 71 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT, control) were recruited. Carbohydrate metabolism, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), lipid profiles, thyroid function, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and WISP1 levels were assessed. Fasting sera were collected between 25 and 30 weeks of gestation. Tissues of placenta and abdominal SAT samples were obtained from 24 women who had undergone cesarean section and were divided into a GDM group and a control group. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and western blot were used to detect the WISP1 expression. Results: The serum WISP1 concentrations were higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p < 0.01) and positively associated with body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose, fasting insulin, HOMA-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and IL-6 levels. BMI, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR independently and positively predicted WISP1 levels. Further, WISP1 mRNA and protein expression were higher in tissues from the placenta and abdominal SAT from the GDM group (p < 0.01). Conclusions: WISP1 may be an important adipokine in modulating carbohydrate metabolism in women with GDM. © 2021, Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
The association between dietary fiber intake and the concentrations of aldehydes in serum; Aldehydes have been shown to be potentially carcinogenic, mutagenic, and cardiotoxic to humans. Dietary fiber reduces exposure to certain environmental pollutants and has been widely used to improve various metabolic disorders. However, the effects of dietary fiber on serum concentrations of aldehydes remain unexplored. Data was collected from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2013–2014. Generalized linear regression and restricted cubic spline models were performed to elucidate the association of dietary fiber intake with the serum concentration of aldehydes. After fully adjusting for age, sex, education level, race, smoking status, alcohol use, diabetes, hypertension, body mass index, energy intake, poverty-income ratio, and physical activity, dietary fiber intake had a strong negative association with serum levels of isopentanaldehyde and propanaldehyde and a positive association with serum levels of benzaldehyde. The estimated increases in the mean log2-unit (ng/mL) of aldehydes for each fold increase in dietary fiber were −0.140 (95% confidence interval [CI]: −0.195 to −0.085) for isopentanaldehyde, −0.060 (95% CI: −0.099 to −0.015) for propanaldehyde, and 0.084 (95% CI: 0.017 to 0.150) for benzaldehyde, respectively. No significant association was observed between dietary fiber intake and the concentration of any other aldehydes. These results demonstrate that dietary fiber reduces the concentration of certain aldehydes in serum. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Fabp4 contributes toward regulating inflammatory gene expression and oxidative stress in Ctenopharyngodon idella; Fatty acid-binding protein (Fabp)-4 is a member of the FABP family. Mammalian fabp4 has been demonstrated to involve in inflammation and immunity, whereas the related data of fish fabp4 remain limited. Therefore, we further investigated the effects of fabp4 on immunity in Ctenopharyngodon idella. The fabp4 sequence spanned 405 bp was cloned first, sharing high identity to fabp4 from other fish and mammals. Fabp4 expression was the highest in the adipose tissue, followed by the heart, muscle, and liver. In vivo, lipopolysaccharide (LPS) triggered the expression of fabp4, toll-like receptor (tlr)-22, interleukin (il)-1β, and tumor necrosis factor (tnf)-α in the kidney and spleen. In vitro, exposing C. idella CIK cells to LPS decreased their viability, and the expression of fabp4 was also increased by LPS. However, BMS309403, an inhibitor of FABP4, mitigated these effects. Furthermore, treating the cells with LPS or fabp4 overexpression plasmids resulted in reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation and upregulation of inflammatory genes expression, including tlr22, type-I interferon (ifn-1), interferon regulatory factor (irf)-7, tnfα, il-1β, and interferon-β promoter stimulator 1. These effects were ameliorated by preincubation with BMS309403. Moreover, incubating the cells with glutathione reduced the production of ROS and the expression of inflammatory genes that were evoked by LPS and plasmid treatments. These results showed that fabp4 acts as a pro-inflammatory molecule via elevating ROS levels, providing a novel understanding of the molecular regulation of innate immunity in teleosts. © 2022
Associations between plasma n‑3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and gestational diabetes mellitus in the second trimester; Objective To examine the associations between plasma n‑3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the second trimester and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) among Chinese pregnant women. Methods Based on data from the Tongji‑Shuangliu Birth Cohort enrolled from 2017 to 2019 in the Shuangliu Maternal and Child Health Hospital, it conducted a case‑control study among 269 GDM cases who were diagnosed by 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, and 538 non‑GDM controls matched at a 1∶2 ratio on maternal age and gestational weeks. The age range of the 807 women was 18-40 years. Fasting plasma n‑3 PUFAs were determined by gas chromatography‑mass spectrometry in the second trimester (24-28 weeks). Participants were categorized into quartiles (Q1-Q4) of plasma n‑3 PUFAs based on distributions in the control group. Conditional logistic regression models were applied to estimate the associations between plasma n‑3 PUFAs and GDM. Results The median (interquartile) relative concentrations of plasma n‑3 PUFA C22∶ 5n‑3 was significantly lower in women with GDM 0.87 (0.72, 1.07) compared with women without GDM 0.94 (0.75, 1.19)(P=0.001). Plasma n‑3 PUFA C22∶5n‑3 was inversely associated with GDM, with an OR (95%CI) of 0.75 (0.62-0.90) for each SD increase of relative concentration. Compared with the Q1 group, the OR values and 95%CIs of Q2, Q3, and Q4 groups were 0.97 (0.62-1.51), 0.72 (0.45-1.15), and 0.54 (0.32-0.90), respectively (Ptrend<0.05). However, there were no significant associations of C18∶3n‑3, C20∶5n‑3, C22∶6n‑3, and total n‑3 PUFAs with GDM. Conclusion Plasma n‑3 PUFA C22∶5n‑3 was inversely associated with GDM during the second trimester. © 2022 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Not Control but Conquest: Strategies for the Remission of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; A durable normoglycemic state was observed in several studies that treated type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients through metabolic surgery, intensive therapeutic intervention, or significant lifestyle modification, and it was confirmed that the functional β-cell mass was also restored to a normal level. Therefore, expert consensus introduced the concept of remission as a common term to express this phenomenon in 2009. Throughout this article, we introduce the recently updated consensus statement on the remission of T2DM in 2021 and share our perspective on the remission of diabetes. There is a need for more research on remission in Korea as well as in Western countries. Remission appears to be prompted by proactive treatment for hyperglycemia and significant weight loss prior to irreversible β-cell changes. T2DM is not a diagnosis for vulnerable individuals to helplessly accept. We attempt to explain how remission of T2DM can be achieved through a personalized approach. It may be necessary to change the concept of T2DM towards that of an urgent condition that requires rapid intervention rather than a chronic, progressive disease. We must grasp this paradigm shift in our understanding of T2DM for the benefit of our patients as endocrine experts. Copyright © 2022 Korean Diabetes Association.
Potential Mechanisms for How Long-Term Physical Activity May Reduce Insulin Resistance; Insulin became available for the treatment of patients with diabetes 100 years ago, and soon thereafter it became evident that the biological response to its actions differed markedly between individuals. This prompted extensive research into insulin action and resistance (IR), resulting in the universally agreed fact that IR is a core finding in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). T2DM is the most prevalent form of diabetes, reaching epidemic proportions worldwide. Physical activity (PA) has the potential of improving IR and is, therefore, a cornerstone in the prevention and treatment of T2DM. Whereas most research has focused on the acute effects of PA, less is known about the effects of long-term PA on IR. Here, we describe a model of potential mechanisms behind reduced IR after long-term PA to guide further mechanistic investigations and to tailor PA interventions in the therapy of T2DM. The development of such interventions requires knowledge of normal glucose metabolism, and we briefly summarize an integrated physiological perspective on IR. We then describe the effects of long-term PA on signaling molecules involved in cellular responses to insulin, tissue-specific functions, and whole-body IR. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gestational hypercholesterolemia programs hepatic steatosis in a sex-specific manner in ApoE-deficient mice; Maternal hypercholesterolemia (MHC), a pathological condition characterized by an exaggerated rise in maternal serum cholesterol during pregnancy, may influence offspring hepatic lipid metabolism and increase the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). As NAFLD is characterized by a sexual dimorphic response, we assessed whether early-life exposure to excessive cholesterol influences the development of NAFLD in offspring and whether this occurs in a sex-specific manner. Female apoE−/− mice were randomly assigned to a control (CON) or a high cholesterol (CH; 0.15%) diet prior to breeding. At parturition, a cross-fostering approach was used to establish three groups: (1) normal cholesterol exposure throughout gestation and lactation (CON-CON); (2) excessive cholesterol exposure throughout gestation and lactation (CH-CH); and (3) excessive cholesterol exposure in the gestation period only (CH-CON). Adult male offspring (PND 84) exposed to excessive cholesterol during gestation only (CH-CON) demonstrated hepatic triglyceride (TG) accumulation and reduced lipogenic gene expression. However, male mice with a prolonged cholesterol exposure throughout gestation and lactation (CH-CH) had a similar, but not exacerbated hepatic response. Further, with the exception of higher serum TG in adult CH-CH females, evidence for a programming effect in female offspring was largely absent in comparison with males. These results indicate a sexual dimorphic response with respect to the effect of MHC on later life hepatic steatosis and highlight the gestation period as the most influential malprogramming window for hepatic lipid dysfunction in males. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Interplay between Fatty Acid Binding Protein 4, Fetuin-A, Retinol Binding Protein 4 and Thyroid Function in Metabolic Dysregulation; Signalling between the tissues integrating synthesis, transformation and utilization of energy substrates and their regulatory hormonal axes play a substantial role in the development of metabolic disorders. Interactions between cytokines, particularly liver derived hepatokines and adipokines, secreted from adipose tissue, constitute one of major areas of current research devoted to metabolic dysregulation. The thyroid exerts crucial influence on the maintenance of basal metabolic rate, thermogenesis, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, while its dysfunction promotes the development of metabolic disorders. In this review, we discuss the interplay between three adipokines: fatty acid binding protein type 4, fetuin-A, retinol binding protein type 4 and thyroid hormones, that shed a new light onto mechanisms underlying atherosclerosis, cardiovascular complications, obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes accompanying thyroid dysfunction. Furthermore, we summarize clinical findings on those cytokines in the course of thyroid disorders. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effects of selenium plus probiotics supplementation on glycemic status and serum lipoproteins in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: The aim of the current study was to determine the effects of probiotic plus selenium supplementation on glycemic control and lipid profils in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 patients with GDM. Participants were randomly allocated into 2 groups to intake either placebo (n = 30) or probiotic (8 × 109 CFU/day) plus 200 μg/day selenium (n = 30) for 6 weeks. Results: Selenium plus probiotic supplementation significantly reduced fasting glucose (−4.5 ± 5.8 vs. −1.2 ± 4.3 mg/dL, P = 0.004), insulin concentrations (−1.4 ± 1.7 vs. −0.2 ± 1.1 μIU/mL, P = 0.002) and insulin resistance (−0.4 ± 0.5 vs. −0.1 ± 0.3, P = 0.001), and significantly increased insulin sensitivity (+0.008 ± 0.009 vs. +0.001 ± 0.006, P = 0.002) compared with the placebo. Co-supplementation also significantly decreased triglycerides (−16.6 ± 44.4 vs. +14.9 ± 26.4 mg/dL, P = 0.005), total cholesterol (−24.2 ± 29.2 vs. +4.5 ± 18.7 mg/dL, P = 0.001), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (−20.8 ± 30.8 vs. −0.2 ± 16.8 mg/dL, P = 0.006) compared with the placebo. Moreover, co-supplementation increased gene expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-γ) (P = 0.003) and LDL-receptor (P = 0.001) in the peripheral blood mono-nuclear cells of the participants with GDM. Conclusions: Probiotic plus selenium supplementation to patients with GDM for six weeks had beneficial effects on glycemic status, lipid profiles, and PPAR-γ and LDLR expression. However, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels were not significantly changed. © 2022 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Role of microRNA in complications of offspring born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and epigenetic changes in offspring due to exposure to a high-glucose intrauterine environment, resulting in related short- and long-term complications. MicroRNA (miRNA)-mediated post-transcriptional regulation, a gene expression regulation mechanism that has gained much attention in recent years, may play a role in morbidity in offspring born to mothers with GDM, such as macrosomia, heart development, neurodevelopment, and long-term metabolic diseases. This article reviews the progress of miRNA in GDM and associated complications in the offspring. © 2022 Chinese Journal of Perinatal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Role of TGF-Beta Signaling in Beta Cell Proliferation and Function in Diabetes; Beta (β) cell dysfunction or loss is the common pathological feature in all types of diabetes mellitus (diabetes). Resolving the underlying mechanism may facilitate the treatment of diabetes by preserving the β cell population and function. It is known that TGF-β signaling plays diverse roles in β cell development, function, proliferation, apoptosis, and dedifferentiation. Inhibition of TGF-β signaling expands β cell lineage in the development. However, deletion of Tgfbr1 has no influence on insulin demand-induced but abolishes inflammation-induced β cell proliferation. Among canonical TGF-β signaling, Smad3 but not Smad2 is the predominant repressor of β cell proliferation in response to systemic insulin demand. Deletion of Smad3 simultaneously improves β cell function, apoptosis, and systemic insulin resistance with the consequence of eliminated overt diabetes in diabetic mouse models, revealing Smad3 as a key mediator and ideal therapeutic target for type-2 diabetes. However, Smad7 shows controversial effects on β cell proliferation and glucose homeostasis in animal studies. On the other hand, overexpression of Tgfb1 prevents β cells from autoimmune destruction without influence on β cell function. All these findings reveal the diverse regulatory roles of TGF-β signaling in β cell biology. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The emerging role of bile acids as critical components in nanotechnology and bioengineering: Pharmacology, formulation optimizers and hydrogel-biomaterial applications; The role of endogenous bile acids as lipid stabilizers aiding uptake of lipophilic nutrients via micelle formation and saponification effects is well documented and precedes their growing applications in pharmaceutical sciences. Their utility stems from their unique physico-chemical profile and ability to modulate immune cell signalling pathways. It has been shown that bile acids alter specific receptor-mediated pathways of cellular respiration and metabolism, providing potential clinical therapies for cardio-metabolic disorders such as diabetes mellitus, hypercholesterolemia, and heart disease. Additionally, some bile acids exert profound anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties, and are effective at reducing blood pressure and alleviating hypertension. Their unique amphoteric properties and proven ability as permeability enhancers make them a desirable pharmaceutical excipient. When incorporated with various carbohydrates, polymers, hydrogels and/or polyelectrolytes to form micro- or nano-capsules, they provide enhanced thermodynamic, osmotic and structural stability, and cater for controlled delivery via specific tissue targeting, pH dependant release and temperature guided sol-gel complexation. Additionally, due to their immunosuppressant properties, they enhance the immunogenicity of encapsulated cells, increasing the feasibility of bioartificial organs as transplantable therapeutics. This review explores existing and future applications of bile acids and provides a synopsis of their role in advanced, novel therapeutic delivery systems. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
MiR-183-5p Induced by Saturated Fatty Acids Hinders Insulin Signaling by Downregulating IRS-1 in Hepatocytes; Excessive saturated fatty acids (SFA) uptake is known to be a primary cause of obesity, a widely acknowledged risk factor of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Although specific microRNAs (miRNAs) targeting insulin signaling intermediates are dysregulated by SFA, their effects on insulin signaling and sensitivity are largely unknown. Here, we investigated the role of SFA-induced miR-183-5p in the regulation of proximal insulin signaling molecules and the development of hepatic insulin resistance. HepG2 hepatocytes treated with palmitate and the livers of high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice exhibited impaired insulin signaling resulting from dramatic reductions in the protein expressions of insulin receptor (INSR) and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1). Differential expression analysis showed the level of miR-183-5p, which tentatively targets the 3′UTR of IRS-1, was significantly elevated in palmitate-treated HepG2 hepatocytes and the livers of HFD-fed mice. Dual-luciferase analysis showed miR-183-5p bound directly to the 3′UTR of IRS-1 and reduced IRS-1 expression at the post-transcriptional stage. Moreover, transfection of HepG2 hepatocytes with miR-183-5p mimic significantly inhibited IRS-1 expression and hindered insulin signaling, consequently inhibiting insulin-stimulated glycogen synthesis. Collectively, this study reveals a novel mechanism whereby miR-183-5p induction by SFA impairs insulin signaling and suggests miR-183-5p plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of hepatic insulin resistance in the background of obesity. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Impact of spexin on metabolic diseases and inflammation: An updated minireview; Spexin (SPX) is a 14 amino acid length peptide hormone which was discovered using bioinformatic tools. It is extensively expressed in central and peripheral tissues and secreted into circulation in response to metabolic stress. Recent studies revealed that SPX acts as a multifunctional peptide in various metabolic processes such as body weight, food intake, energy balance, glucose and lipid metabolism, lipid storage, salt–water balance, and arterial blood pressure. Endogenous SPX is sensitive to metabolic changes, and circulating levels of SPX have been shown to be reduced in chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Moreover, in fish and rodent models, systemic SPX treatment has positive effects on metabolism including reduced food intake, fat mass, lipid accumulation, and inflammation, improved insulin sensitivity, energy expenditure, and organ functions which are underlying mechanisms in diseases. Taken together, these findings suggest that SPX is a potential drug target for the development of new pharmacological strategies to cure metabolic diseases. This review focuses on metabolo-protective properties of SPX and discusses novel insights into the biology and mechanism of SPX in the pathogenesis of diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome, cardiovascular diseases, and kidney diseases, which are considerable global health problems. © The Author(s) 2022.
Metabolomic Profiles in Childhood and Adolescence Are Associated with Fetal Overnutrition; Fetal overnutrition predisposes offspring to increased metabolic risk. The current study used metabolomics to assess sustained differences in serum metabolites across childhood and adolescence among youth exposed to three typologies of fetal overnutrition: maternal obesity only, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) only, and obesity + GDM. We included youth exposed in utero to obesity only (BMI ≥ 30; n = 66), GDM only (n = 56), obesity + GDM (n = 25), or unexposed (n = 297), with untargeted metabolomics measured at ages 10 and 16 years. We used linear mixed models to identify metabolites across both time-points associated with exposure to any overnutrition, using a false-discovery-rate correction (FDR) <0.20. These metabolites were included in a principal component analysis (PCA) to generate profiles and assess metabolite profile differences with respect to overnutrition typology (adjusted for prenatal smoking, offspring age, sex, and race/ethnicity). Fetal overnutrition was associated with 52 metabolites. PCA yielded four factors accounting for 17–27% of the variance, depending on age of measurement. We observed differences in three factor patterns with respect to overnutrition typology: sphingomyelin-mannose (8–13% variance), skeletal muscle metabolism (6–10% variance), and 3-carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropanoic acid (CMPF; 3–4% variance). The sphingomyelin-mannose factor score was higher among offspring exposed to obesity vs. GDM. Exposure to obesity + GDM (vs. GDM or obesity only) was associated with higher skeletal muscle metabolism and CMPF scores. Fetal overnutrition is associated with metabolic changes in the offspring, but differences between typologies of overnutrition account for a small amount of variation in the metabolome, suggesting there is likely greater pathophysiological overlap than difference. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Stress Reactivity, Susceptibility to Hypertension, and Differential Expression of Genes in Hypertensive Compared to Normotensive Patients; Although half of hypertensive patients have hypertensive parents, known hypertension-related human loci identified by genome-wide analysis explain only 3% of hypertension heredity. Therefore, mainstream transcriptome profiling of hypertensive subjects addresses differentially expressed genes (DEGs) specific to gender, age, and comorbidities in accordance with predictive preventive personalized participatory medicine treating patients according to their symptoms, individual lifestyle, and genetic background. Within this mainstream paradigm, here, we determined whether, among the known hypertension-related DEGs that we could find, there is any genome-wide hypertension theranostic molecular marker applicable to everyone, everywhere, anytime. Therefore, we sequenced the hippocampal transcriptome of tame and aggressive rats, corresponding to low and high stress reactivity, an increase of which raises hypertensive risk; we identified stress-reactivity-related rat DEGs and compared them with their known homologous hypertension-related animal DEGs. This yielded significant correlations between stress reactivity-related and hypertension-related fold changes (log2 values) of these DEG homologs. We found principal components, PC1 and PC2, corresponding to a half-difference and half-sum of these log2 values. Using the DEGs of hypertensive versus normotensive patients (as the control), we verified the correlations and principal components. This analysis highlighted downregulation of β-protocadherins and hemoglobin as whole-genome hypertension theranostic molecular markers associated with a wide vascular inner diameter and low blood viscosity, respectively. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A PNPLA3 Polymorphism Confers Lower Susceptibility to Incident Diabetes Mellitus in Subjects With Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Background and aims: We investigated the association between the patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing-3 (PNPLA3) rs738409 genotype and the risk of diabetes mellitus (DM) using a biopsy-confirmed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) cohort and a longitudinal observational cohort. Methods: Associations between genotypes and the prevalence of DM were evaluated with stratification according to the histological severity of NAFLD in the Boramae cohort (n = 706). A longitudinal cohort consisting of nondiabetic individuals with ≥2 health checkups was then selected to investigate the risk of incident DM according to the genotype (the GENIE cohort; n = 4998). Results: Among subjects with NAFLD in the Boramae cohort, the G allele was independently associated with a lower prevalence of DM in both NAFL (odds ratio [OR] per 1 allele, 0.66; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.46–0.97) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (OR per 1 allele, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.38–0.92). This result was replicated in the longitudinal GENIE cohort. The G allele was associated with a lower risk of incident DM during the median follow-up of 60 months in subjects with NAFLD (hazard ratio, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.45–0.93). In contrast, G allele carriers without NAFLD showed higher odds for DM in the context of the Boramae cohort (OR, 2.44; 95% CI, 1.00–5.95). Conclusions: These findings clarify conflicting results regarding the association between the PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype and the risk of DM, demonstrating a clear difference between subjects with and without NAFLD; this difference might be explained by the low metabolic risk in genetic NAFLD. © 2022 AGA Institute
New clusters of serum electrolytes aid in stratification of diabetes and metabolic risk; Background: Serum electrolytes were found to associate with type 2 diabetes. Our study aimed to stratify nondiabetes by clusters based on multiple serum electrolytes and evaluate their associations with risk of developing diabetes and longitudinal changes in glucose and lipid metabolic traits. Methods: We performed a data-driven cluster analysis in 4937 nondiabetes individuals aged ≥40 years at baseline from a cohort follow-up for an average of 4.4 years. Cluster analysis was based on seven commonly measured serum electrolytes (iron, chlorine, magnesium, sodium, potassium, calcium, and phosphorus) by using the k-means method. Results: A total of 4937 nondiabetes individuals were classified into three distinct clusters, with 1635 (33.1%) assigned to Cluster A, 1490 (30.2%) to Cluster B, and 1812 (36.7%) to Cluster C. Individuals in Cluster A had higher serum chlorine, were older, and more were women. Individuals in Cluster B had higher serum iron and body mass index (BMI). Individuals in Cluster C had higher serum phosphorus, were younger, and had lower BMI. Cluster B had 1.41-fold higher risk of developing diabetes and Cluster C’s risk was 1.33-fold higher compared with Cluster A. Over an average follow-up of 4.4 years, Cluster A showed a moderate and stable BMI, Cluster B showed an accelerated deterioration in glucose metabolism, and Cluster C showed the most sharply increased serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level. Conclusions: Clusters based on seven common serum electrolytes differed in diabetes risk and progression of glucose and lipid metabolic traits. Serum electrolytes clusters could provide a powerful tool to differentiate individuals into different risk stratification for developing type 2 diabetes. © 2021 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes published by Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai JiaoTong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Influence of High Energy Diet and Polygenic Predisposition for Obesity on Postpartum Health in Rat Dams; It is estimated that 30% of pregnant women worldwide are overweight or obese, leading to adverse health effects for both mother and child. Women with obesity during pregnancy are at higher risk for developing both metabolic and mental disorders, such as diabetes and depression. Numerous studies have used rodent models of maternal obesity to understand its consequences on the offspring, yet characterization of changes in the dams is rare, and most rodent models rely solely on a high fat diet to induce maternal obesity, without regarding genetic propensity for obesity. Here we present the influence of both peripartum high energy diet (HE) and obesity-proneness on maternal health using selectively bred diet-resistant (DR) and diet-induced obese (DIO) rat dams. Outbred Sprague-Dawley rats were challenged with HE diet prior to mating and bred according to their propensity to gain weight. The original outbred breeding dams (F0) were maintained on low-fat chow during pregnancy and lactation. By comparison, the F1 dams consuming HE diet during pregnancy and lactation displayed higher gestational body weight gain (P < 0.01), and HE diet caused increased meal size and reduced meal frequency (P < 0.001). Sensitivity to the hormone amylin was preserved during pregnancy, regardless of diet. After several rounds of selective breeding, DIO and DR dams from generation F3 were provided chow or HE during pregnancy and lactation and assessed for their postpartum physiology and behaviors. We observed strong diet and phenotype effects on gestational weight gain, with DIO-HE dams gaining 119% more weight than DR-chow (P < 0.001). A high-resolution analysis of maternal behaviors did not detect main effects of diet or phenotype, but a subset of DIO dams showed delayed nursing behavior (P < 0.05). In generation F6/F7 dams, effects on gestational weight gain persisted (P < 0.01), and we observed a main effect of phenotype during a sucrose preference test (P < 0.05), with DIO-chow dams showing lower sucrose preference than DR controls (P < 0.05). Both DIO and DR dams consuming HE diet had hepatic steatosis (P < 0.001) and exhibited reduced leptin sensitivity in the arcuate nucleus (P < 0.001). These data demonstrate that both diet and genetic obesity-proneness have consequences on maternal health. Copyright © 2022 Leuthardt, Bayer, Monné Rodríguez and Boyle.
Crocetin: A Systematic Review; Crocetin is an aglycone of crocin naturally occurring in saffron and produced in biological systems by hydrolysis of crocin as a bioactive metabolite. It is known to exist in several medicinal plants, the desiccative ripe fruit of the cape jasmine belonging to the Rubiaceae family, and stigmas of the saffron plant of the Iridaceae family. According to modern pharmacological investigations, crocetin possesses cardioprotective, hepatoprotective, neuroprotective, antidepressant, antiviral, anticancer, atherosclerotic, antidiabetic, and memory-enhancing properties. Although poor bioavailability hinders therapeutic applications, derivatization and formulation preparation technologies have broadened the application prospects for crocetin. To promote the research and development of crocetin, we summarized the distribution, preparation and production, total synthesis and derivatization technology, pharmacological activity, pharmacokinetics, drug safety, drug formulations, and preparation of crocetin. Copyright © 2022 Guo, Li, Li, Wang, Wang, Du, Yang, Chen, Wu and Tian.
Chemokines in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Studies investigating chemokines in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have yielded mixed results. The purpose of this meta-analysis was to explore whether concentrations of chemokines in patients with GDM differed from that of the controls. Methods: Following Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines, we systematically searched Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, and PubMed databases for articles, published in any language, on chemokines and GDM through August 1st, 2021. The difference in concentrations of chemokines between patients with GDM and controls was determined by a standardized mean difference (SMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI), calculated in the meta-analysis of the eligible studies using a random-effects model with restricted maximum-likelihood estimator. Results: Seventeen studies met the inclusion criteria for the meta-analysis. Altogether, they included nine different chemokines comparisons involving 5,158 participants (1,934 GDM patients and 3,224 controls). Results showed a significant increase of these chemokines (CCL2, CXCL1, CXCL8, CXCL9, and CXCL12) in the GDM patients compared with the controls. However, there was a significant decrease of the chemokines, CCL4, CCL11 and CXCL10, in the GDM patients compared with the controls. Moreover, subgroup analysis revealed a potential role of chemokines as biomarkers in relation to laboratory detection (different sample type and assay methods) and clinical characteristics of GDM patients (ethnicity and body mass index). Conclusion: GDM is associated with several chemokines (CCL2, CCL4, CCL11, CXCL1, CXCL8, CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL12). Therefore, consideration of these chemokines as potential targets or biomarkers in the pathophysiology of GDM development is necessary. Notably, the information of subgroup analysis underscores the importance of exploring putative mechanisms underlying this association, in order to develop new individualized clinical and therapeutic strategies. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Liu, Kaminga, McDonald, Wen and Pan.
Mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes: From risk factors to oxidative stress, metabolic dysfunction, and hyperglycemia; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a complex multifactorial disease that emerges from the combination of genetic and environmental factors, and obesity, lifestyle, and aging are the most relevant risk factors. Hyperglycemia is the main metabolic feature of T2D as a consequence of insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction. Among the cellular alterations induced by hyperglycemia, the overproduction of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and consequently oxidative stress, accompanied by a reduced antioxidant response and impaired DNA repair pathways, represent essential mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of T2D and the development of late complications. Mitochondrial dysfunction, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, and inflammation are also closely correlated with insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction. This review focus on the mechanisms by which oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, ER stress, and inflammation are involved in the pathophysiology of T2D, highlighting the importance of the antioxidant response and DNA repair mechanisms counteracting the development of the disease. Moreover, we indicate evidence on how nutritional interventions effectively improve diabetes care. Additionally, we address key molecular characteristics and signaling pathways shared between T2D and Alzheimer's disease (AD), which might probably be implicated in the risk of T2D patients to develop AD. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Mechanisms Underlying the Expansion and Functional Maturation of β-Cells in Newborns: Impact of the Nutritional Environment; The functional maturation of insulin-secreting β-cells is initiated before birth and is completed in early postnatal life. This process has a critical impact on the acquisition of an adequate functional β-cell mass and on the capacity to meet and adapt to insulin needs later in life. Many cellular pathways playing a role in postnatal β-cell development have already been identified. However, single-cell transcriptomic and proteomic analyses continue to reveal new players contributing to the acquisition of β-cell identity. In this review, we provide an updated picture of the mechanisms governing postnatal β-cell mass expansion and the transition of insulin-secreting cells from an immature to a mature state. We then highlight the contribution of the environment to β-cell maturation and discuss the adverse impact of an in utero and neonatal environment characterized by calorie and fat overload or by protein deficiency and undernutrition. Inappropriate nutrition early in life constitutes a risk factor for developing diabetes in adulthood and can affect the β-cells of the offspring over two generations. A better understanding of these events occurring in the neonatal period will help developing better strategies to produce functional β-cells and to design novel therapeutic approaches for the prevention and treatment of diabetes. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metabolic Syndrome: Dermatological Aspects in Women; The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is increasing day by day, owing to the sedentary lifestyle, unhealthy food habits, genetic factors, environmental influences and many other conspicuous variables. Skin, aptly considered to be a mirror of internal organs, often manifests with certain signs and symptoms, suggestive of a diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. In this chapter, we have attempted to touch upon the dermatological manifestations (both common and uncommon) of metabolic syndrome. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Irisin, A Mediator of Muscle Crosstalk with Other Organs: From Metabolism Regulation to Protective and Regenerative Effects; Physical exercise is a therapeutic strategy for some systemic and non-systemic complications. Various processes or factors like myokines are involved in an exercise course. Irisin is produced in skeletal muscle during exercise, and its effects resemble many exercise effects. Besides the systemic effects of muscle-derived irisin, this peptide is produced in different tissues. Numerous studies have investigated the underlying molecular mechanisms of irisin effects. Despite some controversies, most studies have demonstrated the improvement of metabolic-related complications and immunomodulatory or regenerative mechanisms in correlation with the circulating level of this peptide or after in vivo/in vitro treatments that have introduced it as a peptide with therapeutic value. This review describes the similarities and differences of the effects in various tissues and their correlation with the most prevalent tissue-related complication to present a view for the mechanism(s) of function, efficacy, and safety of this peptide in each tissue as an exercise effector and endocrine peptide. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Paternal nutritional programming of lipid metabolism is propagated through sperm and seminal plasma; Background: The paternal diet affects lipid metabolism in offspring for at least two generations through nutritional programming. However, we do not know how this is propagated to the offspring. Objectives: We tested the hypothesis that the changes in lipid metabolism that are driven by paternal diet are propagated through spermatozoa and not seminal plasma. Methods: We applied an updated, purpose-built computational network analysis tool to characterise control of lipid metabolism systemically (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3) on a known mouse model of paternal nutritional programming. Results: The analysis showed that the two possible routes for programming effects, the sperm (genes) and seminal plasma (influence on the uterine environment), both have a distinct effect on the offspring’s lipid metabolism. Further, the programming effects in offspring suggest that changes in lipid distribution are more important than alterations in lipid biosynthesis. Conclusions: These results show how the uterine environment and genes both affect lipid metabolism in offspring, enhancing our understanding of the link between parental diet and metabolism in offspring. © 2022, The Author(s).
Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics-2022 Update: A Report from the American Heart Association; Background: The American Heart Association, in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health, annually reports the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular risk factors, including core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure, valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). Methods: The American Heart Association, through its Statistics Committee, continuously monitors and evaluates sources of data on heart disease and stroke in the United States to provide the most current information available in the annual Statistical Update. The 2022 Statistical Update is the product of a full year's worth of effort by dedicated volunteer clinicians and scientists, committed government professionals, and American Heart Association staff members. This year's edition includes data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population and an enhanced focus on social determinants of health, adverse pregnancy outcomes, vascular contributions to brain health, and the global burden of cardiovascular disease and healthy life expectancy. Results: Each of the chapters in the Statistical Update focuses on a different topic related to heart disease and stroke statistics. Conclusions: The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policymakers, media professionals, clinicians, health care administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
miR-132-3p Modulates DUSP9-Dependent p38/JNK Signaling Pathways to Enhance Inflammation in the Amnion Leading to Labor; Labor is a process of inflammation and hormonal changes involving both fetal and maternal compartments. MicroRNA-132-3p (miR-132-3p) has been reported to be involved in the development of inflammation-related diseases. However, little is known about its potential role in labor onset. This study aimed to explore the mechanism of miR-132-3p in amnion for labor initiation. In the mouse amnion membranes, the expression of miR-132-3p was found to increase gradually during late gestation. In human amniotic epithelial cell line (WISH), upregulation of miR-132-3p was found to increase proinflammatory cytokines and cyclooxygenase 2 (COX2) as well as prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), which was suppressed by miR-132-3p inhibitor. Dual-specificity phosphatase 9 (DUSP9) was identified as a novel target gene of miR-132-3p, which could be negatively regulated by miR-132-3p. DUSP9 was present in the mouse amnion epithelial cells, with a decrease in its abundance at 18.5 days post coitum (dpc) relative to 15.5 dpc. Silencing DUSP9 was found to facilitate the expression of proinflammatory cytokines and COX2 as well as PGE2 secretion in WISH cells, which could be attenuated by p38 inhibitor SB203580 or JNK inhibitor SP600125. Additionally, intraperitoneal injection of pregnant mice with miR-132-3p agomir not only caused preterm birth, but also promoted the abundance of COX2 as well as phosphorylated JNK and p38 levels, and decreased DUSP9 level in mouse amnion membranes. Collectively, miR-132-3p might participate in inflammation and PGE2 release via targeting DUSP9-dependent p38 and JNK signaling pathways to cause preterm birth. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal but not fetoplacental health can be improved by metformin in a murine diet-induced model of maternal obesity and glucose intolerance; Abstract: Maternal obesity is a global problem that increases the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for mother and child, many of which are linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Effective treatments are essential to prevent the transmission of poor metabolic health from mother to child. Metformin is an effective glucose lowering drug commonly used to treat gestational diabetes mellitus; however, its wider effects on maternal and fetal health are poorly explored. In this study we used a mouse (C57Bl6/J) model of diet-induced (high sugar/high fat) maternal obesity to explore the impact of metformin on maternal and feto-placental health. Metformin (300 mg kg−1 day−1) was given to obese females via the diet and was shown to achieve clinically relevant concentrations in maternal serum (1669 ± 568 nM in late pregnancy). Obese dams developed glucose intolerance during pregnancy and had reduced uterine artery compliance. Metformin treatment of obese dams improved maternal glucose tolerance, reduced maternal fat mass and restored uterine artery function. Placental efficiency was reduced in obese dams, with increased calcification and reduced labyrinthine area. Consequently, fetuses from obese dams weighed less (P < 0.001) at the end of gestation. Despite normalisation of maternal parameters, metformin did not correct placental structure or fetal growth restriction. Metformin levels were substantial in the placenta and fetal circulation (109.7 ± 125.4 nmol g−1 in the placenta and 2063 ± 2327 nM in fetal plasma). These findings reveal the distinct effects of metformin administration during pregnancy on mother and fetus and highlight the complex balance of risk vs. benefits that are weighed in obstetric medical treatments. Key points: Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus have detrimental short- and long-term effects for mother and child. Metformin is commonly used to treat gestational diabetes mellitus in many populations worldwide but the effects on fetus and placenta are unknown. In a mouse model of diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in pregnancy we show reduced uterine artery compliance, placental structural changes and reduced fetal growth. Metformin treatment improved maternal metabolic health and uterine artery compliance but did not rescue obesity-induced changes in the fetus or placenta. Metformin crossed the placenta into the fetal circulation and entered fetal tissue. Metformin has beneficial effects on maternal health beyond glycaemic control. However, despite improvements in maternal physiology, metformin did not prevent fetal growth restriction or placental ageing. The high uptake of metformin into the placental and fetal circulation highlights the potential for direct immediate effects of metformin on the fetus with possible long-term consequences postnatally. © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of The Physiological Society.
J-Shaped Relationship Between Serum Prolactin and Metabolic-Associated Fatty Liver Disease in Female Patients With Type 2 Diabetes; Background: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) has become a worldwide epidemic. Prolactin (PRL), a pituitary hormone, has been linked to MAFLD. As a result, we set out to look into the relationship between serum PRL and the risk of MAFLD in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 724 adults with T2DM were enrolled and categorized as MAFLD and non-MAFLD groups. Anthropometric data, biochemical parameters, and serum PRL levels were collected. Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed using FibroScan. Patients were stratified into normal PRL (NP) and high PRL (HP) groups and divided into four groups based on serum PRL quartiles. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate the association between serum PRL and MAFLD risk. Results: Female but not male patients with MAFLD, liver steatosis, and fibrosis had significantly lower PRL levels in the NP group but higher PRL levels in the HP group than their counterparts. The proportions of MAFLD, liver steatosis, and fibrosis were significantly decreased in the NP group but increased in the HP group across the PRL quartiles in females but not in males. After multivariate adjustment, the adjusted ORs (AORs) and 95% CI for MAFLD among females were 18.165 (3.425–96.336), 1.784 (0.658–5.002), 1.744 (0.608–4.832), and 1.00 (reference) in the NP group (Q1–Q4, P-trend < 0.001) and 1.00 (reference), 11.098 (1.819–110.356), 15.225 (1.996–116.112), and 18.211 (2.579–128.568) in the HP group (Q1–Q4, P-trend = 0.020). Such associations were also found between serum PRL and liver fibrosis in females but not in males. Conclusion: We observed a J-shaped association between serum PRL and the risk of MAFLD and liver fibrosis in females but not in males with T2DM, indicating that PRL may be relevant to MAFLD and its progression in a gender-specific manner. Clinical Trial Registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, number ChiCTR-OCS-12002381. Copyright © 2022 Zhu, Ma, Huang, Li, Gao, Cai, You, Bu and Qu.
An umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of observational investigations of obstructive sleep apnea and health outcomes; Purpose: The previous analysis of systematic reviews and meta-analyses have illustrated that obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is correlated with multiple health outcomes. In the present research, our main aim was to execute an umbrella review to assess the available evidence for the associations between OSA and health outcomes. Methods: Herein, a meta-analysis of previous observational investigations that have reported associations between OSA and health outcomes in all human populations and settings was performed. We used these studies to execute an umbrella review of available meta-analyses and systematic reviews. Results: Sixty-six articles comprising 136 unique outcomes were enrolled in this analysis. Of the 136 unique outcomes, 111 unique outcomes had significant associations (p < 0.05). Only 7 outcomes (coronary revascularization after PCI, postoperative respiratory failure, steatosis, alaninetrans aminase (ALT) elevation, metabolic syndrome (MS), psoriasis, and Parkinson’s disease) had a high quality of evidence. Twenty-four outcomes had a moderate quality of evidence, and the remaining 80 outcomes had a weak quality of evidence. Sixty-nine outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity. Twenty-five outcomes exhibited publication bias. Sixty-three (95%) studies showed critically low methodological quality. Conclusion: Among the 66 meta-analyses exploring 136 unique outcomes, only 7 statistically significant outcomes were rated as high quality of evidence. OSA may correlate with an increased risk of coronary revascularization after PCI, postoperative respiratory failure, steatosis, ALT elevation, MS, psoriasis, and Parkinson’s disease. © 2021, The Author(s).
Using comprehensive lipid profiling to study effects of PFHxS during different stages of early zebrafish development; PFHxS (Perfluorohexane sulfonic acid) is one of the short-chain perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) which are widely used in many industrial and consumer applications. However, limited information is available on the molecular mechanism of PFHxS toxicity (e.g. lipid metabolism). This study provides in-depth information on the lipid regulation of zebrafish embryos with and without PFHxS exposure. Lipid changes throughout zebrafish development (4 to 120 h post fertilization (hpf)) were closely associated with lipid species and lipid composition (fatty acyl chains). A comprehensive lipid analysis of four different PFHxS exposures (0, 0.3, 1, 3, and 10 μM) at different zebrafish developmental stages (24, 48, 72, and 120 hpf) was performed. Data on exposure concentration, lipids, and developmental stage showed that all PFHxS concentrations dysregulated the lipid metabolism and these were developmental-dependent. The pattern of significantly changed lipids revealed that PFHxS caused effects related to oxidative stress, inflammation, and impaired fatty acid β-oxidation. Oxidative stress and inflammation caused the remodeling of glycerophospholipid (phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylethanolamine (PE)), with increased incorporation of omega-3 PUFA and a decreased incorporation of omega-6 PUFA. © 2021 The Authors
Exploring New Drug Targets for Type 2 Diabetes: Success, Challenges and Opportunities; There are substantial shortcomings in the drugs currently available for treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The global diabetic crisis has not abated despite the introduction of new types of drugs and targets. Persistent unaddressed patient needs remain a significant factor in the quest for new leads in routine studies. Drug discovery methods in this area have followed developments in the market, contributing to a recent rise in the number of molecules. Nevertheless, troubling developments and fresh challenges are still evident. Recently, metformin, the most widely used first-line drug for diabetes, was found to contain a carcinogenic contaminant known as N-nitroso dimethylamine (NDMA). Therefore, purity and toxicity are also a big challenge for drug discovery and development. Moreover, newer drug classes against SGLT-2 illustrate both progress and difficulties. The same was true previously in the case of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors. Furthermore, researchers must study the importance of mechanistic characteristics of novel compounds, as well as exposure-related hazardous aspects of current and newly identified protein targets, in order to identify new pharmacological molecules with improved selectivity and specificity. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Chewing the Fat with Microbes: Lipid Crosstalk in the Gut; It is becoming increasingly important for any project aimed at understanding the effects of diet on human health, to also consider the combined effect of the trillions of microbes within the gut which modify and are modified by dietary nutrients. A healthy microbiome is diverse and contributes to host health, partly via the production and subsequent host absorption of secondary metabolites. Many of the beneficial bacteria in the gut rely on specific nutrients, such as dietary fiber, to survive and thrive. In the absence of those nutrients, the relative proportion of good commensal bacteria dwindles while communities of opportunistic, and potentially pathogenic, bacteria expand. Therefore, it is unsurprising that both diet and the gut microbiome have been associated with numerous human diseases. Inflammatory bowel diseases and colorectal cancer are associated with the presence of certain pathogenic bacteria and risk increases with consumption of a Western diet, which is typically high in fat, protein, and refined carbohydrates, but low in plant-based fibers. Indeed, despite increased screening and better care, colorectal cancer is still the 2nd leading cause of cancer death in the US and is the 3rd most diagnosed cancer among US men and women. Rates are rising worldwide as diets are becoming more westernized, alongside rising rates of metabolic diseases like obesity and diabetes. Understanding how a modern diet influences the microbiota and how subsequent microbial alterations effect human health will become essential in guiding personalized nutrition and healthcare in the future. Herein, we will summarize some of the latest advances in understanding of the three-way interaction between the human host, the gut microbiome, and the specific class of dietary nutrients, lipids. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Emerging Roles of Circular RNAs in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell Dysfunction; Atherosclerosis is the major pathophysiological basis of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular diseases. Vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) constitute the main structure of vasculature and play important roles in maintaining vascular tone and blood pressure. Many biological processes and cellular signaling events involved in atherosclerogenesis have been shown to converge on deregulating VSMC functions. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying dysfunctional VSMC in atherosclerosis are still poorly defined. Recent evidence revealed that circular RNAs (circRNAs) are closely related to diseases such as degenerative diseases, tumor, congenital diseases, endocrine diseases and cardiovascular diseases. Several studies demonstrated that circRNAs (e.g., circACTA2, Circ-SATB2, circDiaph3, circ_0020397, circTET3, circCCDC66) played critical roles in the regulation of VSMC proliferation, migration, invasion, and contractile-to-synthetic phenotype transformation by sponging microRNAs (e.g., miR-548f-5p, miR-939, miR-148a-5p, miR-138, miR-351-5p, miR-342-3p). This review describes recent progress in the profiling of circRNAs by transcriptome analysis in VSMCs and their molecular functions in regulating VSMC proliferation and migration. Copyright © 2022 Pu, Lu and Yang.
Sex-Specific Effects of Maternal and Post-Weaning High-Fat Diet on Adipose Tissue Remodeling and Asprosin Expression in Mice Offspring; Scope: Perinatal high-fat diet (HFD) increases risk of metabolic disorders in offspring. Adipose tissue remodeling is associated with metabolic syndrome. The current study characterizes the profile of maternal HFD-induced changes in adipose tissue remodeling and adipokines expression in mice offspring. Methods and Results: Female C57BL/6 mice are fed with CHOW or HFD for 2 weeks before mating, throughout gestation and lactation. At weaning, pups are randomly fed with CHOW or HFD, resulting in eight groups according to sex and maternal diet: Male CHOW-CHOW (MCC), Male CHOW-HFD (MCH), Male HFD-CHOW (MHC), Male HFD-HFD (MHH), Female CHOW-CHOW (FCC), Female CHOW-HFD (FCH), Female HFD-CHOW (FHC), and Female HFD-HFD (FHH). Increased body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, increased adipose tissue mass and hypertrophy, and decreased circulating asprosin level are only observed in male offspring exposure to maternal HFD. Serum asprosin level negatively correlates with fasting blood glucose, serum cholesterol (CHO), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels, while positively correlates with serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and glutamate-oxaloacetate transaminase (GOT) levels in male offspring. A combination of genetic and biochemical analyses of adipokines shows the depot- and sex-specific changes in response to maternal and/or post-weaning HFD. Conclusion: This study's results reveal the differential metabolic changes in response to maternal and/or post-weaning HFD in male and female offspring. The effect of maternal HFD on metabolic phonotype is more obvious in male offspring, supporting the notion that males are more susceptible to HFD-induced metabolic disorders. © 2022 Wiley-VCH GmbH
Health-seeking behaviour, views and preferences of adults with suspected increased intestinal permeability: A cross-sectional survey of Australian adults; Background: The public health consequence of increased intestinal permeability (IP) is currently limited by the lack of patient-centred research. This study aims to describe the health-seeking behaviour of Australian adults with suspected IP. Methods: A cross-sectional survey of 589 Australian adults who have been diagnosed with IP or have suspected (undiagnosed) IP. Results: The majority (56.2%) of participants with suspected IP reported self-diagnosing their condition, with the majority (56.7%) of these participants preferring to be assessed using an accurate method by a general practitioner or naturopath. On average, Australian adults with suspected IP spent 11.1 (95% CI: 9.5, 12.8) years between first suspecting IP and receiving a formal diagnosis. Over the previous 12 months, participants spent an average of $699 on consultation fees, $2176 on dietary supplements for the treatment of IP, and an average of $287 on the assessment of IP. Furthermore, participants who find it difficult to live on their available household income spent significantly more (mean=$2963) on dietary supplements compared to participants who find it easy to live on their available household income ($1918) (p=0.015). Conclusion: The investigation of Australian adults with suspected IP found the majority of participants experienced a considerable length of time between first suspecting IP and receiving a diagnosis of IP. The out-of-pocket expenditure associated with the management of IP suggests a financial burden for people with suspected IP. The results of this study provide novel patient-centred considerations that can be used to inform a clinical practice guideline for the management of IP. © 2021
Mechanistic Basis for the Role of Phytochemicals in Inflammation-Associated Chronic Diseases; Chronic inflammatory diseases occur in a large portion of the population and are associated with a poor diet. Key natural products found in fruits and vegetables may assist in lowering inflammation associated with chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer. This review seeks to examine the roles of several natural products, resveratrol (RES), quercetin (QUE), curcumin (CUR), piperine (PIP), epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), and gingerol (GIN), in their ability to attenuate inflammatory markers in specific diseases states. Additionally, we will discuss findings in past and ongoing clinical trials, detail possible phytochemical–drug interactions, and provide a brief resource for researchers and healthcare professionals on natural product and supplement regulation as well as names of databases with information on efficacy, indications, and natural product–drug interactions. As diet and over-the-counter supplement use are modifiable factors and patients are interested in using complementary and alternative therapies, understanding the mechanisms by which natural products have demonstrated efficacy and the types of drugs they interact with and knowing where to find information on herbs and supplements is important for practicing healthcare providers and researchers interested in this field. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between new markers of cardiovascular risk and hepatic insulin resistance in those at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes; Aim/hypothesis: Hepatic insulin resistance (HIR) is considered to be an independent predictor of metabolic disorders and plays an important role in systemic inflammation, which contributes to abnormalities in cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between HIR and new markers of cardiovascular risks, including leptin/adiponectin ratio (L/A), lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), at comparable whole body insulin sensitivity in non-diabetic individuals with or without CVD and at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Methods: The HIR index, L/A, Lp(a), and TNF-α were measured in 50 participants with CVD and in 200 without CVD (1:4 ratio). These were also matched for the homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda-insulin sensitivity index (ISI) in an observational study design. Results: The HIR index (1.52 ± 0.14 vs. 1.45 ± 0.17, p < 0.02), L/A (3.22 ± 3.10 vs. 2.09 ± 2.27, p < 0.004), and levels of Lp(a) (66.6 ± 49.5 vs. 37.9 ± 3 6.8 mg/dL, p < 0.0001) and TNF-α (18.9 ± 21.8 vs. 5.4 ± 7.1 pg/mL, p < 0.0001) were higher in those with CVD than those without CVD. HOMA-IR and ISI were not significantly different (p = 0.88 and p = 0.35, respectively). The HIR index was directly correlated with L/A (r = 0.41, p < 0.0001), Lp(a) (r = 0.20, p < 0.002), TNF- α (r = 0.14, p < 0.03), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (r = 0.13, p < 0.03). The stepwise model analysis showed that L/A, Lp(a), and TNF-α explained about 20% of the variation in the HIR indices of all the participants (p < 0.02). Conclusions/Interpretations: Our results suggest a positive association between HIR and new markers of cardiovascular risk [L/A, Lp(a), and TNF- α] at comparable whole body insulin sensitivity in those with or without CVD and at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Rural-Urban differentials in prevalence, spectrum and determinants of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in North Indian population; Background Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a spectrum of disease ranging from simple steatosis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), through to advanced fibrosis and cirrhosis. We assessed the prevalence, spectrum, and determinants of NAFLD among adults in urban and rural North India. Methods A representative sample of adults aged 30–60 years were recruited from urban Delhi and rural Ballabhgarh during 2017–2019. Participants underwent abdominal ultrasonography (USG) and vibration controlled transient elastography (VCTE) with FibroScan to assess fatty liver and fibrosis, respectively. We estimated the age- and sex-standardised prevalence of NAFLD and its spectrum. The factors associated with ‘ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD’ were identified using multivariate logistic regression. Results A total of 828 urban (mean ± SD age: 45.5 ± 8.0 years; women: 52.7%) and 832 rural (mean ± SD age: 45.1 ± 7.9 years; women: 62.4%) participants were recruited. The age- and sex-standardized prevalence of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD was 65.7% (95%CI: 60.3–71.2) in the urban and 61.1% (55.8–66.5) in the rural areas, respectively. The prevalence of NAFLD with elevated alanine transaminase (40IU/L) was 23.2% (19.8–26.6), and 22.5% (19.0–26.0) and any fibrosis by liver stiffness measurement on transient elastography (6.9 kPa) was 16.5% (13.8–19.8) and 5.2% (3.8–6.7) in urban and rural participants, respectively. In both urban and rural areas, diabetes, central obesity and insulin resistance were significantly associated with NAFLD. Conclusion NAFLD prevalence was high among rural and urban North Indian adults, including fibrosis or raised hepatic enzymes. The strong association of metabolic determinants confirms its linkage with metabolic syndrome. © 2022 Asadullah et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Extracellular miRNAs as mediators of obesity-associated disease; Extracellular miRNAs are found in a variety of body fluids and mediate intercellular and interorgan communication, thus regulating gene expression and cellular metabolism. These miRNAs are secreted either in small vesicles/exosomes (sEV) or bound to proteins such as Argonaute and high-density lipoprotein. Both exosomal and protein-bound circulating miRNAs are altered in obesity. Although all tissues can contribute to changes in circulating miRNAs, adipose tissue itself is an important source of these miRNAs, especially those in sEVs. These are derived from both adipocytes and macrophages and participate in crosstalk between these cells, as well as peripheral tissues, including liver, skeletal muscle and pancreas, whose function may be impaired in obesity. Changes in levels of circulating miRNAs have also been linked to the beneficial effects induced by weight loss interventions, including diet, exercise and bariatric surgery, further indicating a role for these miRNAs as mediators of disease pathogenesis. Here, we review the role of circulating miRNAs in the pathophysiology of obesity and explore their potential use as biomarkers and in therapy of obesity-associated metabolic syndrome. © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2021 The Physiological Society
Ginger: A systematic review of clinical trials and recent advances in encapsulation of its bioactive compounds; Recently, the numbers of studies on natural products have considerably increased owing to their exceptional biological activities and health benefits. Their pharmacological attributes have played an immense role in detecting natural and safe alternative therapeutics, consequently extending their industrial applications. In this line, ginger (Zingiber officinale) has been gaining wide attention owing to its bioactive compounds, such as phenolic and terpene compounds. Ginger has a great pharmacological and biological potential in the prevention and treatment of various diseases, namely colds, nausea, arthritis, migraines and hypertension. However, these bioactive compounds are unstable and susceptible to degradation, volatilization and oxidation during extraction and processing, mainly owing to their exposure to environments with adverse conditions, such as high temperature, the presence of O2 and light. In this sense, this current review covers a wide range of topics, starting from the chemical profile and biological properties of ginger bioactive compounds (GBCs), their clinical effectiveness for the treatment of diseases and the application of different encapsulation methods (molecular inclusion, spray drying, complex coacervation, ionic strength and nanoemulsions) to protect and improve their application in food products. This work summarizes the fundamental principles of, recent progress in and effectiveness of different methods regarding the physicochemical, structural and functional properties of encapsulated GBCs. The potential use of encapsulated GBCs as a promising active ingredient to be applied in different food products is discussed in detail. This journal is  © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Exercise-Induced Extracellular Vesicles Delay the Progression of Prostate Cancer; Increasing evidence suggests that regular physical exercise not only reduces the risk of cancer but also improves functional capacity, treatment efficacy and disease outcome in cancer patients. At least partially, these effects are mediated by the secretome of the tissues responding to exercise. The secreted molecules can be released in a carrier-free form or enclosed into extracellular vesicles (EVs). Several recent studies have shown that EVs are actively released into circulation during physical exercise. Here, we for the first time investigated the effects of exercise-induced EVs on the progression of cancer in an F344 rat model of metastatic prostate cancer. Although we did not observe a consistent increase in the circulating EV levels, RNA sequencing analysis demonstrated substantial changes in the RNA content of EVs collected before and immediately after forced wheel running exercise as well as differences between EVs from runners at resting state and sedentary rats. The major RNA biotype in EVs was mRNA, followed by miRNA and rRNA. Molecular functions of differentially expressed RNAs reflected various physiological processes including protein folding, metabolism and regulation of immune responses triggered by the exercise in the parental cells. Intravenous administration of exercise-induced EVs into F344 rats with orthotopically injected syngeneic prostate cancer cells PLS10, demonstrated reduction of the primary tumor volume by 35% and possibly—attenuation of lung metastases. Hence, our data provide the first evidence that exercise-induced EVs may modulate tumor physiology and delay the progression of cancer. Copyright © 2022 Sadovska, Auders, Keiša, Romanchikova, Silamiķele, Kreišmane, Zayakin, Takahashi, Kalniņa and Linē.
The Physiology of Insulin Clearance; In the 1950′s, Dr. I. Arthur Mirsky first recognized the possible importance of insulin degradation changes to the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. While this mechanism was ignored for decades, insulin degradation is now being recognized as a possible factor in diabetes risk. After Mirsky, the relative importance of defects in insulin release and insulin resistance were recognized as risk factors. The hyperbolic relationship between secretion and sensitivity was introduced, as was the relationship between them, as expressed as the disposition index (DI). The DI was shown to be affected by environmental and genetic factors, and it was shown to be differentiated among ethnic groups. However, the importance of differences in insulin degradation (clearance) on the disposition index relationship remains to be clarified. Direct measure of insulin clearance revealed it to be highly variable among even normal individuals, and to be affected by fat feeding and other physiologic factors. Insulin clearance is relatively lower in ethnic groups at high risk for diabetes such as African Americans and Hispanic Americans, compared to European Americans. These differences exist even for young children. Two possible mechanisms have been proposed for the importance of insulin clearance for diabetes risk: in one concept, insulin resistance per se leads to reduced clearance and diabetes risk. In a second and new concept, reduced degradation is a primary factor leading to diabetes risk, such that lower clearance (resulting from genetics or environment) leads to systemic hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and beta-cell stress. Recent data by Chang and col-leagues appear to support this latter hypothesis in Native Americans. The importance of insulin clearance as a risk factor for metabolic disease is becoming recognized and may be treatable. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fat Cell Size: Measurement Methods, Pathophysiological Origins, and Relationships With Metabolic Dysregulations; The obesity pandemic increasingly causes morbidity and mortality from type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and many other chronic diseases. Fat cell size (FCS) predicts numerous obesity-related complications such as lipid dysmetabolism, ectopic fat accumulation, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disorders. Nevertheless, the scarcity of systematic literature reviews on this subject is compounded by the use of different methods by which FCS measurements are determined and reported. In this paper, we provide a systematic review of the current literature on the relationship between adipocyte hypertrophy and obesity-related glucose and lipid dysmetabolism, ectopic fat accumulation, and cardiovascular disorders. We also review the numerous mechanistic origins of adipocyte hypertrophy and its relationship with metabolic dysregulation, including changes in adipogenesis, cell senescence, collagen deposition, systemic inflammation, adipokine secretion, and energy balance. To quantify the effect of different FCS measurement methods, we performed statistical analyses across published data while controlling for body mass index, age, and sex. © 2021 The Author(s).
Gestational exposure to environmental cadmium induces placental apoptosis and fetal growth restriction via Parkin-modulated MCL-1 degradation; Heavy metal cadmium (Cd), a classical environmental pollutant, causes placental apoptosis and fetal growth restriction (FGR), whereby the mechanism remains unclear. Here, our human case-control study firstly showed that there was a positive association of Parkin mitochondrial translocation, MCL-1 reduction, placental apoptosis, and all-cause FGR. Subsequently, Cd was administered to establish in vitro and in vivo models of placental apoptosis or FGR. Our models demonstrated that Parkin mitochondrial translocation was observed in Cd-administrated placental trophoblasts. Meaningfully, Parkin siRNA (siR) dramatically mitigated Cd-triggered apoptosis in placental trophoblasts. Mdivi-1 (M-1), an inhibitor for Parkin mitochondrial translocation, mitigated Cd-induced apoptosis in placental trophoblasts, which further ameliorated the effect of attenuated placental sizes in Cd-exposed mice. Furthermore, the interaction of MCL-1 with Parkin or Ub in Cd-stimulated cells was stronger than that in controls. MG132, an inhibitor for proteasome, abolished MCL-1 degradation in Cd-stimulated cells. Importantly, Parkin siR and M-1 memorably abolished the ubiquitin-dependent degradation of MCL-1 in placental trophoblasts. Interestingly, mito-TEMPO and melatonin, two mitochondria-targeted antioxidants, obviously rescued Cd-caused mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) decrease, Parkin mitochondrial translocation, MCL-1 degradation, and apoptosis in placental trophoblasts. In conclusion, cadmium induces placental apoptosis and FGR via mtROS-mediated Parkin-modulated degradation of MCL-1. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Review of Novel Potential Insulin Resistance Biomarkers in PCOS Patients—The Debate Is Still Open; Research on proteins and peptides that play roles in metabolic regulation, which may be considered potential insulin resistance markers in some medical conditions, such as diabetes mellitus, obesity and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), has recently gained in interest. PCOS is a common endocrine disorder associated with hyperandrogenemia and failure of ovulation, which is often accompanied by metabolic abnormalities, including obesity, dyslipidemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In this review, we focus on less commonly known peptides/proteins and investigate their role as potential biomarkers for insulin resistance in females affected by PCOS. We summarize studies comparing the serum fasting concentration of particular agents in PCOS individuals and healthy controls. Based on our analysis, we propose that, in the majority of studies, the levels of nesfastin-1, myonectin, omentin, neudesin were decreased in PCOS patients, while the levels of the other considered agents (e.g., preptin, gremlin-1, neuregulin-4, xenopsin-related peptide, xenin-25, and galectin-3) were increased. However, there also exist studies presenting contrary results; in particular, most data existing for lipocalin-2 are inconsistent. Therefore, further research is required to confirm those hypotheses, as well as to elucidate the involvement of these factors in PCOS-related metabolic complications. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Assessment of Serum Spexin Levels in Obese Adolescents with Metabolic Syndrome Antecedents: Preliminary Results; Objective: Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide implicated in food intake and satiety. SPX levels are reduced in obese patients. Aim: This study aimed to compare serum SPX levels in obese adolescents versus healthy controls and to assess the associations of metabolic syndrome (metS) antecedents with serum SPX levels. Methods: Eighty consecutive obese adolescents aged 10-18 years and 80 healthy peers were enrolled. Anthropometric measurements, pubertal examinations, and clinical blood pressure measurements were performed. Fasting blood samples were drawn for glucose, insulin, lipids, uric acid, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and SPX. metS was diagnosed using International Diabetes Federation criteria. Associations of serum SPX with clinical and laboratory variables were assessed. Results: Obese adolescents had lower serum SPX levels than healthy peers (50 pg/mL [25-75% IQR: 25-98 pg/mL] and 67.0 pg/mL [25-75% IQR: 32.5-126.0 pg/mL]; respectively, p = 0.035). Twenty (25%) obese adolescents were diagnosed as having metS. Obese adolescents with metS had lower SPX than those without metS (24.5 pg/mL [25-75% IQR: 15.3-49.5 pg/mL] and 69.0 pg/mL [25-75% IQR: 42.0-142.0 pg/mL]; respectively, p < 0.0001). The frequencies of hyperuricemia, IR, and elevated ALT were similar in obese adolescents with metS and those without metS (p > 0.05 for all). Serum uric acid levels were correlated significantly with serum SPX after correcting for BMI and HOMA-IR (r =-0.41, p < 0.05). A serum SPX level at a cutoff level of 49.5 pg/mL predicted the presence of metS in obese adolescents with 75% sensitivity and 71% specificity. Conclusions: Obese adolescents have reduced SPX levels, and this reduction is more pronounced in those with metS. Further research is needed to verify the utility of SPX as a biomarker in the diagnosis of metS in obese adolescents.  © 2021 S. Karger AG, Basel. Copyright: All rights reserved.
Clinical relevance of environmental manganese exposure with liver stiffness and steatosis detected by transient elastography in adults; Global manganese pollution to air and water is a significant threat to human health. The associations between manganese and liver stiffness and steatosis have not been reported in epidemiological studies. This study aimed to explore the clinical relevance of blood manganese with liver stiffness and steatosis in adults from the 2017–2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (N = 4,192). Subjects with excessive alcohol consumption and hepatitis B or C infection were excluded. Liver stiffness and steatosis were detected by transient elastography. Logistic regression and restricted cubic splines were adopted to explore the non-linear dose–response relationships. In multivariate analysis, while higher blood manganese concentrations were not associated with liver stiffness in the total sample and in males, an increased odds of significant liver fibrosis was found with higher blood manganese concentrations (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1) in females [odds ratios (95% confidence intervals): 2.34 (1.32–4.14), P trend < 0.01] and in other races [1.47 (1.05–2.05), P trend = 0.03]. Higher blood manganese concentrations were associated with liver steatosis in the total sample [1.33 (1.04–1.70), P trend = 0.03], in females [1.58 (1.02–2.44), P trend = 0.04], in other races [1.91 (1.50–2.43), P trend < 0.01], and in obese subjects [2.29 (1.13–4.65), P trend = 0.02]. Dose–response analysis showed that the departures from non-linear relationships between blood manganese concentrations and significant liver fibrosis (Pnon-linearity = 0.30) and steatosis (Pnon-linearity = 0.47) were not significant, suggesting that the observed associations were linear. In conclusion, higher blood manganese concentrations were positively associated with liver stiffness and steatosis, and the associations were mainly observed in females, in races other than Non-Hispanic White, and in obese subjects. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Metabolism and Medicine: The Metabolic Landscape of Health and Disease; Chronic disease states of aging should be viewed through the prism of metabolism and biophysical processes at all levels of physiological organization present in the human body. This book connects these insights to what causes them to go awry in the context of unhealthy human behaviors and aging, aiming to buttress scientific creativity. It also provides links between the art and science of medicine that strengthens problem-solving in patient care. New and important discoveries in the area of metabolic health and metabolic diseases are discussed in exquisite detail. Key Features: Broad and up-to-date overview of the field of metabolic aspects of health and chronic disease development, especially connecting the spectrum of topics that range from molecular clocks to stress response to nuclear hormone receptors and the role of microbiota in human health Provides a deeper basic science and interdisciplinary understanding of biological systems that broaden the perspectives and therapeutic problem solving by elaborating on the usefulness of the Physiological Fitness Landscape Describes the importance of insulin resistance in metabolic disease, especially diabetes but also includes links to cancer and Alzheimer's disease Examines the process of aging from the perspective of metabolic decline illustrating it with the Physiological Fitness Landscape This book, the second volume in a two-volume set, primarily targets an audience of clinical and science students, biomedical researchers and physicians who would benefit from understanding each other's language. © 2022 Brian Fertig. All rights reserved.
Animal Foetal Models of Obesity and Diabetes – From Laboratory to Clinical Settings; The prenatal period, during which a fully formed newborn capable of surviving outside its mother’s body is built from a single cell, is critical for human development. It is also the time when the foetus is particularly vulnerable to environmental factors, which may modulate the course of its development. Both epidemiological and animal studies have shown that foetal programming of physiological systems may alter the growth and function of organs and lead to pathology in adulthood. Nutrition is a particularly important environmental factor for the pregnant mother as it affects the condition of offspring. Numerous studies have shown that an unbalanced maternal metabolic status (under- or overnutrition) may cause long-lasting physiological and behavioural alterations, resulting in metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Various diets are used in laboratory settings in order to induce maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, and to alter the offspring development. The most popular models are: high-fat, high-sugar, high-fat-high-sugar, and cafeteria diets. Maternal undernutrition models are also used, which results in metabolic problems in offspring. Similarly to animal data, human studies have shown the influence of mothers’ diets on the development of children. There is a strong link between the maternal diet and the birth weight, metabolic state, changes in the cardiovascular and central nervous system of the offspring. The mechanisms linking impaired foetal development and adult diseases remain under discussion. Epigenetic mechanisms are believed to play a major role in prenatal programming. Additionally, sexually dimorphic effects on offspring are observed. Therefore, further research on both sexes is necessary. Copyright © 2022 Grzęda, Matuszewska, Ziarniak, Gertig-Kolasa, Krzyśko- Pieczka, Skowrońska and Sliwowska.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is characterized by excessive lipid accumulation in the liver in the absence of significant alcohol consumption. The alarming rise in the prevalence of NAFLD worldwide is attributed to the increased population of obese and diabetic people. Prevalence of NAFLD is higher in men than in women and tends to increase in women after menopause. NAFLD is associated with the development of breast cancer in women. Menopausal status should be considered when evaluating the risk of NAFLD in women, as well as additional reproductive risk factors such as age at menarche, presence of polycystic ovary syndrome, and gestational diabetes. Central fat distribution and sarcopenia are directly associated with the risk of metabolic disorders and NAFLD. Sex hormones are one of the strongest determinants associated with the development of NAFLD in women. In terms of treatments for NAFLD, no gender-based principles have been proposed so far. Clinical trials should evaluate and report study outcomes in female participants and also consider therapeutic targets that uniquely contribute to NAFLD progression in women. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Oral Administration of Bacillus toyonensis Strain SAU-20 Improves Insulin Resistance and Ameliorates Hepatic Steatosis in Type 2 Diabetic Mice; In this study, the ameliorative effects of Bacillus toyonensis-SAU-20 (B. toyo SAU-20), a new probiotic strain isolated and identified by our laboratory from Ageratina adenophora, on the development of insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in type 2 diabetic (T2DM) mice was investigated. Thirty Specific-pathogen free Kunming (SPFKM) mice were randomly allocated to three groups: control, high fat diet/streptozotocin (HFD/STZ), and HFD/STZ+B. toyo SAU-20 groups with oral administration of B. toyo SAU-20 for 35 days. Biochemistry parameters, glucose tolerance, and insulin resistance were measured in the blood whereas histological analysis, inflammatory cytokines and lipogenic genes in the liver tissues. The results showed that, the levels of serum glucose, lipid profile, mRNA expression of lipogenic related genes and pro-inflammatory cytokines were significantly increased in T2DM mice. However, after B. toyo SAU-20 administration, the elevation of these parameters was significantly suppressed (P<0.05). In addition, the feeding of B. toyo SAU-20 significantly improved the morphological changes of the liver with significant alleviation of dyslipidemia, oxidative stress status and inflammation (P<0.05) indicating the ameliorating effect of B. toyo SAU-20 in hepatic steatosis in T2DM. Therefore, we concluded that, B. toyo SAU-20 alleviated insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis by improving the lipid profiles, antioxidant status and downregulating lipogenic genes as well as pro-inflammation cytokines expression. Copyright © 2022 Ren, Okyere, Xie, Wen, Wang, Chen, Ni, Deng and Hu.
Protective Effect of Maternal First-Trimester Low Body Mass Index Against Macrosomia: A 10-Year Cross-Sectional Study; Objective: We aimed to assess whether maternal first-trimester low body mass index (BMI) has a protective effect against macrosomia. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study from January 1, 2011, to June 30, 2021, and 84,900 participants were included. The predictive performance of maternal first-trimester and parental pre-pregnancy BMI for macrosomia was assessed using the area under the receiver-operating characteristics curve (AUC). Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to evaluate the independent effect of maternal first-trimester low BMI on macrosomia. Interactions were investigated to evaluate the potential variation of the effect of first-trimester low BMI across different groups. Furthermore, interactions were also examined across groups determined by multiple factors jointly: a) gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)/GDM history status, parity, and maternal age; and b) GDM/GDM history status, fetal sex, and season of delivery. Results: The proportion of macrosomia was 6.14% (5,215 of 84,900). Maternal first-trimester BMI showed the best discrimination of macrosomia (all Delong tests: P < 0.001). The protective effect of maternal first-trimester low BMI against macrosomia remained significant after adjusting for all confounders of this study [adjusted odds ratios (aOR) = 0.37, 95% CI: 0.32–0.43]. Maternal first-trimester low BMI was inversely associated with macrosomia, irrespective of parity, fetal sex, season of delivery, maternal age, and GDM/GDM history status. The protective effect was most pronounced among pregnant women without GDM/GDM history aged 25 to 29 years old, irrespective of parity (multipara: aOR = 0.32, 95% CI: 0.22–0.47; nullipara: aOR = 0.32, 95% CI: 0.24–0.43). In multipara with GDM/GDM history, the protective effect of low BMI was only observed in the 30- to 34-year-old group (aOR = 0.12, 95% CI: 0.02–0.86). For pregnant women without GDM/GDM history, the protective effect of maternal first-trimester low BMI against macrosomia was the weakest in infants born in winter, irrespective of fetal sex (female: aOR = 0.45, 95% CI: 0.29–0.69; male: aOR = 0.39, 95% CI: 0.28–0.55). Conclusion: Maternal first-trimester low BMI was inversely associated with macrosomia, and the protective effect was most pronounced among 25- to 29-year-old pregnant women without GDM/GDM history and was only found among 30- to 34-year-old multipara with GDM/GDM history. The protective effect of maternal first-trimester low BMI against macrosomia was the weakest in winter among mothers without GDM/GDM history. Copyright © 2022 Sun, Zhang, Liu, Wang, Yang, Wu, Yue and Yin.
Late effects of early weaning on food preference and the dopaminergic and endocannabinoid systems in male and female rats; Early weaning (EW) is associated with obesity later in life. Here, using an EW model in rats, we investigated changes in feeding behavior and the dopaminergic and endocannabinoid systems (ECS) in the adult offspring. Lactating Wistar rats were divided into two groups: EW, dams were wrapped with a bandage to interrupt suckling during the last 3 days of breastfeeding; CONT; dams fed the pups throughout the period without hindrances. EW animals were compared with CONT animals of the same sex. At PN175, male and female offspring of both groups could freely self-select between high-fat and high-sugar diets (food challenge test). EW males preferred the high-fat diet at 30 min and more of the high-sugar diet after 12 h compared to CONT males. EW females did not show differences in their preference for the palatable diets compared to CONT females. Total intake of standard diet from PN30-PN180 was higher in both male and female EW animals, indicating hyperphagia. At PN180, EW males showed lower type 2 dopamine receptor (D2r) in the nucleus accumbens (NAc) and dorsal striatum, while EW females had lower tyrosine hydroxylase in the ventral tegmental area and NAc, D1r in the NAc, and D2r in the prefrontal cortex. In the lateral hypothalamus, EW males had lower fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and monoacylglycerol lipase, whereas EW females showed lower N-arachidonoyl-phosphatidylethanolamine phospholipase-D and increased FAAH. Early weaning altered both the dopaminergic and ECS parameters at adulthood, contributing to the eating behavior changes of the progeny in a sex-dependent manner. © The Author(s), 2021. Published by Cambridge University Press in association with International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease
Tolerable upper intake level for dietary sugars; Following a request from five European Nordic countries, the EFSA Panel on Nutrition, Novel Foods and Food Allergens (NDA) was tasked to provide scientific advice on a tolerable upper intake level (UL) or a safe level of intake for dietary (total/added/free) sugars based on available data on chronic metabolic diseases, pregnancy-related endpoints and dental caries. Specific sugar types (fructose) and sources of sugars were also addressed. The intake of dietary sugars is a well-established hazard in relation to dental caries in humans. Based on a systematic review of the literature, prospective cohort studies do not support a positive relationship between the intake of dietary sugars, in isocaloric exchange with other macronutrients, and any of the chronic metabolic diseases or pregnancy-related endpoints assessed. Based on randomised control trials on surrogate disease endpoints, there is evidence for a positive and causal relationship between the intake of added/free sugars and risk of some chronic metabolic diseases: The level of certainty is moderate for obesity and dyslipidaemia (> 50–75% probability), low for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes (> 15–50% probability) and very low for hypertension (0–15% probability). Health effects of added vs. free sugars could not be compared. A level of sugars intake at which the risk of dental caries/chronic metabolic diseases is not increased could not be identified over the range of observed intakes, and thus, a UL or a safe level of intake could not be set. Based on available data and related uncertainties, the intake of added and free sugars should be as low as possible in the context of a nutritionally adequate diet. Decreasing the intake of added and free sugars would decrease the intake of total sugars to a similar extent. This opinion can assist EU Member States in setting national goals/recommendations. © 2022 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KgaA on behalf of the European Food Safety Authority.
Pre-Weaning Exposure to Maternal High-Fat Diet Is a Critical Developmental Window for Programming the Metabolic System of Offspring in Mice; Background: Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and lactation exerts long-term effects on the health of offspring. However, the critical developmental window for metabolic programming of maternal exposure to HFD on pathogenesis of obesity in offspring needs further clarification. Materials & Methods: Female ICR mice were fed low-fat diet (LFD) or HFD for 8 weeks until delivery. During lactation, half of LFD dams received HFD while the other half of LFD dams and HFD dams maintained the previous diet. Male offspring were weaned at postnatal day 21 (P21) and fed LFD or HFD for 7 weeks. Metabolic parameters, biochemical, and histological indicators of thermogenesis, rectal temperature, and sympathetic nerve tone were detected at P21 and 10 weeks old. Results: At P21, LH (maternal LFD before delivery but HFD during lactation) and HH (maternal HFD before delivery and during lactation) offspring gained more body weight and showed higher serum glucose and triglyceride levels as compared with LL (maternal LFD before delivery and during lactation), and the metabolic characters were maintained until 10 weeks age when fed with LFD after weaning. However, LH offspring exhibited a greater degree of metabolic abnormalities compared to HH offspring, with increased body weight, as well as lower norepinephrine (NE)-stimulated rectal temperature rise when fed with HFD after weaning. The lower UCP1 levels and HSL phosphorylation in LH offspring further suggested that brown adipose tissue (BAT) thermogenic function was impaired. Conclusion: Exposure to maternal HFD feeding during pre-weaning period alone showed similar detrimental effects on programming metabolic system of offspring as those of both prenatal and early postnatal HFD feeding. Early postnatal stage is a critical time window for metabolic programming and has profound and long-lasting effects on BAT development and function through sympathetic nerve-mediated thermogenesis. Copyright © 2022 Yang, Chen, Fan, Lin, Liu, You, Zhong, Chen, Li and Xiao.
Gut Microbiota: An Important Player in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the common metabolic diseases in the world. Due to the rise in morbidity and mortality, it has become a global health problem. To date, T2DM still cannot be cured, and its intervention measures mainly focus on glucose control as well as the prevention and treatment of related complications. Interestingly, the gut microbiota plays an important role in the development of metabolic diseases, especially T2DM. In this review, we introduce the characteristics of the gut microbiota in T2DM population, T2DM animal models, and diabetic complications. In addition, we describe the molecular mechanisms linking host and the gut microbiota in T2DM, including the host molecules that induce gut microbiota dysbiosis, immune and inflammatory responses, and gut microbial metabolites involved in pathogenesis. These findings suggest that we can treat T2DM and its complications by remodeling the gut microbiota through interventions such as drugs, probiotics, prebiotics, fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) and diets. Copyright © 2022 Zhou, Sun, Yu and Zhu.
Placental mtDNA copy number and methylation in association with macrosomia in healthy pregnancy; Introduction: Fetal growth and development depend on metabolic energy from placental mitochondria. However, the impact of placental mitochondria on the occurrence of macrosomia remains unclear. We aimed to explore the association between macrosomia without gestational diabetes mellitus (non-GDM) and changes in placental mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) copy number and methylation. Methods: Fifty-four newborns with macrosomia and 54 normal birthweight controls were enrolled in this study. Placental mtDNA copy number and mRNA expression of nuclear genes related to mitochondrial replication or ATP synthesis-related genes were measured by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Methylation levels of the non-coding regulatory region D-loop and ATP synthesis-related genes were detected by targeted bisulfite sequencing. Results: Newborns with macrosomia had lower placental mtDNA copy number and higher methylation rates of the CpG15 site in the D-loop region (D-CpG15) and CpG6 site in the cytochrome C oxidase III (COX3) gene (COX3-CpG6) than normal birth weight newborns. After adjusting for potential covariates (gestational age, prepregnancy BMI, and infant sex), decreased placental mtDNA copy number (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 2.09, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03–4.25), elevated methylation rate of D-CpG15 (aOR = 2.06, 95% CI 1.03–4.09) and COX3-CpG6 (aOR = 2.13, 95% CI 1.08–4.20) remained significantly associated with a higher risk of macrosomia. Discussion: Reduced mtDNA copy number and increased methylation levels of specific loci at mtDNA would increase the risk of macrosomia. However, the detailed molecular mechanism needs further identification. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Astaxanthin Attenuates Adiponectin, Calprotectin, miRNA222 and miRNA378 in Obesity induced by High-Fat Diet in Rats; Background: Astaxanthin suppressed obesity in rats fed with high-fat diet (HFD) via the restriction of adipose tissue build-out, therefore, improving insulin sensitivity and inflammation. Metformin reduces insulin resistance and may reduce weight. Aim: Investigation of the effects of astaxanthin and metformin in obesity prompted by a high-fat diet. Objective: The present article investigates the effects of astaxanthin and metformin in obesity prompted by a high-fat diet in rats through measuring miRNA222 and 378. Materials: The rats were classified into four classes containing ten albino rats each: Group I (Normal group): nourished with ordinary diet for 8weeks. Group II (Control positive): nourished with a high-fat diet for 8 weeks. Group III: nourished with astaxanthin (50mg/kg)(1/40 LD50) orally plus a high-fat diet for 8weeks. Group IV: nourished with metformin (500mg/kg) orally plus a high-fat diet for 8 weeks. Methods: Leptin, adiponectin, calprotectin and interleukin 6 (IL-6) were assessed by rat-specific ELISA kits. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), miRNA222 and miRNA378 expressions were quantified by quantitative real-time PCR. Results: Astaxanthin and metformin have anti-obesity and antioxidant actions and significantly decreased the weight of the body, glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, triglycerides and leptin, as well as plasma calprotectin & IL-6 and increased HDL-C and adiponectin. The liver TNF-α gene expression, adipose tissue miRNA222 and miRNA378 expression were decreased compared to HFD control rats. Discussion and conclusion: Astaxanthin has regulated the aberrant expression of miRNA222 and 378 that may be related to hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance. Accordingly, astaxanthin deserves a clinical trial in the future due to its effects on miRNAs involved in obesity. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a significant predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages - prospective study in Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort (RaPCo); Background and aims Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing globally with a mounting body of evidence on various adverse effects on pregnancy. Yet, prospective studies, especially from low-income and middle-income countries, are lacking in examining the impact of NAFLD in pregnancy. In this study, we explored the effect of NAFLD on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages. Methods A population-based prospective cohort study was conducted among first-trimester pregnant women who registered in the national pregnancy care programme during July-September 2019 in Anuradhapura district, Sri Lanka. Baseline clinical-biochemical parameters and ultrasound scan (USS) of the liver were done to assess fatty liver. Those who were normoglycaemic based on WHO criteria were followed up, and a repeat oral glucose tolerance test was performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results Of the 632 pregnant women studied, 90 (14%) and 234 (37%) were diagnosed as having fatty liver grade (FLG) II and I, respectively. The cumulative incidence of GDM in FLG 0, I, and II were 11, 44, and 162 per 1000 pregnancies, respectively. After adjusting for age and other known risk factors, women with FLG II had a relative risk (RR) of 12.5 (95% CI 2.2 to 66.4) for developing GDM compared with FLG 0. In addition, women with FLG I (RR 2.1, 95% CI 1.01 to 4.64) and FLG II (RR 4.5, 95% CI 2.1 to 9.9) were significant risk factors for early pregnancy miscarriages, and FLG II remained as the only independent predictor of miscarriages after adjusting for age, parity, body mass index, blood sugar, blood pressure, and haemoglobin level (adjusted OR 4.2 (95% CI 1.9 to 9.1)). Conclusion In this rural south Asian community, NAFLD is shown to be a major risk factor for GDM and early pregnancy miscarriages. Therefore, routine identification of NAFLD through a simple USS may help in the early identification of high-risk mothers.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022.
Analysis of Changes in Serum Levels and Gene Expression Profiles of Novel Adipocytokines (Omentin, Vaspin, Irisin and Visfatin) and Their Correlation with Serum C-reactive Protein Levels in Women Diagnosed with Endometriosis; Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the role of new adipocytokines (omentin, vaspin, irisin and visfatin) in the development of endometriosis and the relationship of these adipocytokines with the inflammatory marker, C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in serum. Materials and Methods: In this study, endometriosis (n=16) and control groups (n=14) were determined via ultrasound. Serum omentin, vaspin and irisin levels were measured by ELISA method. CRP levels in serum and the gene expression of visfatin and vaspin in whole blood samples were determined by clinical analyzer and the real-time polymerase chain reaction, respectively. Results: Serum irisin and CRP levels in the endometriosis group were significantly higher than in the control group. Irisin protein levels demonstrated a positive correlation with body mass index and CRP in women diagnosed with endometriosis. No statistically significant difference was found in serum omentin and vaspin levels between groups. The visfatin and vaspin gene expression in whole blood samples from the endometriosis group was found to be significantly lower than the control group. Conclusion: Increased levels of serum irisin and decreased visfatin and vaspin gene expressions in blood may be considered as a potential biomarker in endometriosis. The identification of new adipocytokines, which demonstrate an alteration in the presence of endometriosis and the relationship between these adipocytokines and inflammation will facilitate the detection of mechanisms involved in endometriosis and will lead to the development of targeted therapy. © Turk J Pharm Sci, Published by Galenos Publishing House.
An Overview of Epigenetics in Obesity: The Role of Lifestyle and Therapeutic Interventions; Obesity has become a global epidemic that has a negative impact on population health and the economy of nations. Genetic predispositions have been demonstrated to have a substantial role in the unbalanced energy metabolism seen in obesity. However, these genetic variations cannot entirely explain the massive growth in obesity over the last few decades. Accumulating evidence suggests that modern lifestyle characteristics such as the intake of energy-dense foods, adopting sedentary behavior, or exposure to environmental factors such as industrial endocrine disruptors all contribute to the rising obesity epidemic. Recent advances in the study of DNA and its alterations have considerably increased our understanding of the function of epigenetics in regulating energy metabolism and expenditure in obesity and metabolic diseases. These epigenetic modifications influence how DNA is transcribed without altering its sequence. They are dynamic, reflecting the interplay between the body and its surroundings. Notably, these epigenetic changes are reversible, making them appealing targets for therapeutic and corrective interventions. In this review, I discuss how these epigenetic modifications contribute to the disordered energy metabolism in obesity and to what degree lifestyle and weight reduction strategies and pharmacological drugs can restore energy balance by restoring normal epigenetic profiles. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Predictive and Diagnostic Value of Serum Adipokines in Pregnant Women with Intrahepatic Cholestasis; The objective of this study was to assess the value of serum leptin, adiponectin, apelin, and ghrelin as biomarkers for the prediction and diagnosis of intra-hepatic cholestasis (ICP). This prospective study included pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy: 63 with ICP, 48 and 15 of whom had mild and severe disease, respectively, and 32 as controls. ICP women had increased median levels of serum leptin, adiponectin, apelin, and ghrelin compared to the controls (p < 0.05). These biomarkers meaningfully changed regarding the severity of ICP: While leptin was reduced, apelin and ghrelin were increased, and adiponectin was increased somewhat. To predict and diagnose ICP, the predictive values of serum leptin, adiponectin, and apelin need to be accepted as comparable, with moderate to high sensitivity and specificity; however, the predictive value of serum ghrelin was somewhat lower. More research is needed to clarify the potential properties of adipokines to gain acceptance as a predictive or diagnostic biomarker for ICP. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Lipid endocannabinoids in energy metabolism, stress and developmental programming; The endocannabinoid system (ECS) regulates brain development and function, energy metabolism and stress in a sex-, age- and tissue-dependent manner. The ECS comprises mainly the bioactive lipid ligands anandamide (AEA) and 2-aracdonoylglycerol (2-AG), cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 (CB1 and CB2), and several metabolizing enzymes. The endocannabinoid tonus is increased in obesity, stimulating food intake and a preference for fat, reward, and lipid accumulation in peripheral tissues, as well as favoring a positive energy balance. Energy balance and stress responses share adaptive mechanisms regulated by the ECS that seem to underlie the complex relationship between feeding and emotional behavior. The ECS is also a key regulator of development. Environmental insults (diet, toxicants, and stress) in critical periods of developmental plasticity, such as gestation, lactation and adolescence, alter the ECS and may predispose individuals to the development of chronic diseases and behavioral changes in the long term. This review is focused on the ECS and the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD). © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Preconception diabetes remission, a viable approach to reduce pregnancy risks in women with recent diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes: Case report and clinical discussion; The prevalence of women diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes (T2D) at fertile age has been increasing over the last few decades, and pregnancy with T2D is associated with increased maternal and foetal risks. In the last few years, studies have shown that focusing on aggressive weight loss in individuals recently diagnosed with T2D can lead to diabetes remission. Here, we present a case report of a woman who achieved diabetes remission after massive weight loss and had an uncomplicated pregnancy. Diabetes remission before pregnancy could be offered to motivated women with T2D as a safe way to reduce the risks of pregnancy. As a plausible hypothesis, dedicated studies are warranted to demonstrate if this approach can lead to reduced adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. © 2021 World Obesity Federation
Serum retinol-binding protein 4 levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A nested case-control study in Chinese women and an updated meta-analysis; Aims: We prospectively evaluated the association of circulating retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) levels in early pregnancy and risk of incident gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women. Methods: A nested case-control study was conducted among 332 women who developed GDM and 664 matched controls based on the Tongji-Shuangliu Birth Cohort. GDM was diagnosed during 24–28 weeks of gestation according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group criteria. Serum RBP4 levels in early pregnancy (6–15 weeks of gestation) were determined by ELISA assay. Multivariable conditional logistic regression models were used to analyse the association and generated the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). EMBASE and PubMed were searched up to 30 November 2020 to identify studies investigating the association between blood RBP4 levels in early pregnancy and incident GDM. Results: In the multivariable model with adjustment of potential risk factors, the OR comparing the extreme quartiles of serum RBP4 levels was 2.26 (95% CI: 1.34, 3.81; p for trend <0.001), and each standard deviation (SD) increment of RBP4 was associated with 1.39-fold (95% CI: 1.15, 1.69) higher risk of GDM. The results were confirmed in a meta-analysis that included additional four studies with an overall OR of 1.47 (95% CI: 1.18, 1.83) per 1-SD increment of RBP4. Conclusions: Serum RBP4 levels in early pregnancy, independent of metabolic risk factors, are positively associated with the risk of GDM in pregnant women. Our findings may provide new insights into the mechanisms underlying the aetiology of GDM. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association between pre-diagnostic dietary pattern and survival of ovarian cancer: Evidence from a prospective cohort study; Background: Evidence for a role of single nutrition or foods on ovarian cancer (OC) survival has been limited and inconclusive. Due to the potentially complex interactions in dietary, we applied dietary patterns to this study to firstly explore the relationship between the pre-diagnosis overall diet and OC survival. Methods: The prospective cohort study was conducted among 853 OC patients aged 18–79 years during 2015–2020. Dietary intake was collected using a validated 111-item food frequency questionnaire. Deaths were obtained by medical records and cancer registry up to March 31, 2021. Cox proportional hazards regression models was used to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations of pre-diagnosis dietary patterns with overall survival (OS). Results: Overall, during the follow-up period (median: 37.57 months, interquartile: 25.00–50.17 months), 130 (18.49%) OC patients died. Four dietary patterns were identified: healthy pattern, ethnic pattern, animal foods pattern, and sweet pattern. The highest tertile of the healthy pattern scores was related to better OS compared with the lowest tertile scores (HR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.30–0.98, p trend <0.05), whereas OC patients with highest adherence to the animal foods pattern was associated with worse OS than those with the lowest adherence (HR = 1.90, 95% CI = 1.14–3.17, p trend <0.05). We found no significant associations between adherence to ethnic pattern and sweet pattern and OS of OC patients. Conclusion: Pre-diagnosis healthy patterns was associated with better OC survival, whereas animal pattern was associated with worse survival among OC survivals. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Long-term cardiometabolic consequences among adolescent offspring born to women with type1 diabetes; Aim: The aim of this study was to compare cardiometabolic measures between adolescents born to women with and without type1diabetes. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 103 adolescents (51 males) aged 14−19 years, born to women with type1diabetes were enrolled in the study. Body mass index, blood pressure, urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio, hemoglobin A1c, serum urate, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were measured in all. The results were compared with 98 adolescents born to non-diabetic women. Results: In multiple linear regression models, adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had significantly higher blood pressure (Odds ratio [OR] 2·45; 95% Confidence interval [CI] 2.1–2.8, hypertension (OR 2.52; 95% CI 1.99–3.01), body mass index (OR 2.22; 95% CI: 1.76–2.69), elevated total cholesterol (OR 1.5; 95% CI 0.2–2.9), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (OR·33; 95% CI 1.06–1.64), triglyceride (OR 1.34; 95% CI: 1.05–1.70), eGFR (OR 0.96;95% CI 0.81–1.11) and microlabuminuria (OR 1.1; 95% CI: 0.87–1.12) compared to offspring of women without diabetes. Conclusion: The study demonstrates a strong correlation between maternal exposure to type1diabetes and higher risk of developing obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, eGFR, and microalbumiuria in the adolescent offspring. © 2021 Primary Care Diabetes Europe
Plasma Proteome Profiling of Patients With In-stent Restenosis by Tandem Mass Tag-Based Quantitative Proteomics Approach; Background: Despite the widespread application of new drug-eluting stents, a considerable portion of patients experience in-stent restenosis (ISR). To date, the pathophysiologic mechanisms of ISR remain poorly understood. Methods: In this study, we collected plasma samples from ISR patients (n = 29) and non-ISR patients (n = 36) after drug-eluting stent implantation, as well as from healthy controls (HCs) (n = 32). Our goal was to investigate differences in plasma protein profiles using tandem mass tag (TMT) labeling coupled with liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. The proteomic data were validated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Bioinformatic analyses were conducted to analyze potential pathways and protein-protein interaction (PPI) involved in ISR. Results: A total of 1,696 proteins were identified, of which 278 differed in protein abundance between non-ISR and HCs, 497 between ISR and HCs, and 387 between ISR and non-ISR, respectively. Bioinformatic analyses, including Gene Ontology (GO), Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) and PPI, further demonstrated that differentially abundant proteins between ISR and non-ISR are involved in several crucial biological processes and signaling pathways, such as focal adhesion, platelet activation, Rap1 signaling, regulation of actin cytoskeleton, and cholesterol metabolism. Among the identified differentially abundant proteins in ISR, 170 were increased in abundance relative to both non-ISR patients and HCs. Some of these proteins were identified to have critical functions for atherosclerosis development and might be involved in ISR pathology. Among these proteins, 3 proteins with increased abundance including fetuin-B, apolipoprotein C-III (APOC3), and cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) were confirmed by ELISA. Conclusions: This is the first study provided a comprehensive proteomic profile to understand ISR pathology, which may help identify early diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Copyright © 2022 Hou, Deng, Liu, Qiu, Deng, Zhong and Zhong.
Vascular adhesion protein-1 and microvascular diabetic complications; Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) is a bifunctional protein that has the ability to catalyze the deamination of primary amines and is involved in the production of hydrogen peroxide, aldehydes, and advanced glycation end products (AGEs). VAP-1 is usually stored in intracellular vesicles of endothelial cells, smooth muscles, and adipocytes. It is responsible for leukocyte transmigration and adhesion. Overexpression of VAP-1 exacerbates oxidative stress and modulates a variety of inflammatory mediators linked with diabetic complications. Numerous studies have suggested the association of increased insulin levels with serum VAP-1 (sVAP-1). Preclinical research evidence suggests the increased activity of sVAP-1 in type 1 and 2 diabetes. Scientific reports on VAP-1 inhibitors have shown a reduction in severity in diabetic animal models. VAP-1 is a potential target of a therapeutically effective line of treatment for diabetes and diabetic complications such as nephropathy and retinopathy. The primary focus of this review is the role of VAP-1 in diabetes and its associated microvascular complications. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2021, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Maj Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences.
N-Acetylcysteine alleviates high fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis and liver injury via regulating the intestinal microecology in mice; N-Acetylcysteine (NAC), a well-accepted antioxidant, has been shown to protect against high fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity-associated non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in mice. However, the underlying mechanism(s) of the beneficial role of NAC is still not fully understood. Our study aimed to evaluate the protective effect of NAC against NAFLD in terms of gut microbiota homeostasis. Thirty-two C57BL/6 mice were divided into four groups, including chow diet (CHOW), high-fat diet (HFD), CHOW + NAC (2 g L−1 in the drinking water), and HFD + NAC groups, and fed for 12 weeks. NAC supplementation significantly improved HFD-induced obesity, dyslipidemia, and liver dysfunction in mice. NAC also rescued HFD-caused disorder of the gut microbiota. Intriguingly, removing intestinal microorganisms by antibiotics (ABX) obviously abolished NAC supplementation-rescued hepatic steatosis and liver injury, indicating the involvement of the gut microbiota in the beneficial role of NAC. The profiles of 1145 expressed hepatic mRNAs were analyzed by whole transcriptome sequencing. Among those, 5 up-expressed mRNAs induced by a HFD, including Cidea, CD36, Acnat2, Mogat1, and GPAT3, were reversed by NAC treatment, which was further verified by a quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Meanwhile, those 5 mRNAs exhibited a significant (negative or positive) association with bacterial phyla or genera, including phyla Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes and genera norank_f_Erysipelotrichaceae and Lachnoclostridium, by Spearman's correlation analysis. These results suggested that the homeostasis of the gut microbiota plays an important role in NAC-improved NAFLD by affecting the enterohepatic axis. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry
A landscape analysis of the potential role of polyphenols for the treatment of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS); Background: Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) is an under-recognized, under-diagnosed and under-studied disorder; its prevalence varies between 5–26%, 6–10% of reproductive age (NIH) criteria, and 15% (Rotterdam's criteria). Various allopathic drugs (metformin and clomiphene) that are used for the treatment of PCOS have various limitations and are unable to cure PCOS effectively. Therefore, for this reason, search for new therapeutic approaches that are capable of filling these limitations is necessary. Hypothesis/Purpose: Keeping this in view, polyphenols are hypothesized to be new alternative/options to control the PCOS and its complications (Figure 1). Study design: Therefore, the objective of this study was to review the natural polyphenols that have anti-androgenic, ovulatory, estrogenic, anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptic, anti-cancerous activities, hormonal and menopausal regulating capability in animal models. Results: Different research papers have described the anti-androgenic, ovulatory, estrogenic and fertility, menstrual, hormonal and menopause regulating activities of polyphenols. Moreover, these polyphenols are capable of decreasing the incidence of other metabolic diseases such as infertility, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity and Type-2 diabetes caused by PCOS. Conclusion: : These polyphenols can be promising alternatives for various pharmacological mechanisms which could not only decrease the incidence of PCOS, but also promote the other protective roles by decreasing the adverse effects of PCOS on other metabolic organs and their functions. However, further studies are required to determine the mechanism of action and safety evaluation of these polyphenols. © 2021 The Author(s)
Hyperlipidemia and hypothyroidism; Hypothyroidism is closely associated with increased serum total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglyceride (TG). The thyroid gland plays an important role in this process because thyroid hormones (THs) modulate cholesterol production, transformation and clearance. Although recent evidence suggests that thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) itself also participates in hyperlipidemia, the underlying mechanism remains unclear. Others demonstrated that the pathologic development of hypothyroidism-related hyperlipidemia was associated with down-regulated THs and up-regulated TSH in serum. This finding suggests a role for hypothyroidism in hyperlipidemia and potentially in related cardio-metabolic disease. Multiple newly identified modulatory biomarkers, such as proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), angiopoietin-like protein (ANGPTLs), and fibroblast growth factors (FGFs), might play a role in modulating the risk of hyperlipidemia induced by hypothyroidism. Moreover, hypothyroidism also contributes to the production of dysfunctional high-density lipoprotein (HDL) particles. In the present review, we examine the relationship between hypothyroidism with the risk and pathologic development of hyperlipidemia. We explore mechanisms by which hypothyroidism promotes hyperlipidemia in general and its contribution to cardio-metabolic disease specifically. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Functional Metabolomics Reveals that Astragalus Polysaccharides Improve Lipids Metabolism through Microbial Metabolite 2-Hydroxybutyric Acid in Obese Mice; Polysaccharides are widely present in herbs with multiple activities, especially immunity regulation and metabolic benefits for metabolic disorders. However, the underlying mechanisms are not well understood. Functional metabolomics is increasingly used to investigate systemic effects on the host by identifying metabolites with particular functions. This study explores the mechanisms underlying the metabolic benefits of Astragalus polysaccharides (APS) by adopting a functional metabolomics strategy. The effects of APS were determined in eight-week high-fat diet (HFD)-fed obese mice. Then, gas chromatography–time-of-flight mass spectrometry (GC–TOFMS)-based untargeted metabolomics was performed for an analysis of serum and liver tissues, and liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry (LC–MS/MS)-based targeted metabolomics was performed. The potential functions of the metabolites were tested with in vitro and in vivo models of metabolic disorders. Our results first confirmed the metabolic benefits of APS in obese mice. Then, metabolomics analysis revealed that APS supplementation reversed the HFD-induced metabolic changes, and identified 2-hydroxybutyric acid (2-HB) as a potential functional metabolite for APS activity that was significantly decreased by a HFD and reversed by APS. Further study indicated that 2-HB inhibited oleic acid (OA)-induced triglyceride (TG) accumulation. It was also found to stimulate the expression of proteins in lipid degradation in hepatocytes and TG lipolysis in 3T3-L1 cells. Moreover, it was found to reduce serum TG and regulate the proteins involved in lipid degradation in high-fat and high-sucrose (HFHS)-fed mice. In conclusion, our study demonstrates that the metabolic benefits of APS are at least partially due to 2-HB generation, which modulated lipid metabolism both in vitro and in vivo. Our results also highlight that functional metabolomics is practical for investigating the mechanism underlying the systemic benefits of plant polysaccharides. © 2021 Chinese Academy of Engineering
Human Microbiome and Its Medical Applications; The commensal microbiome is essential for human health and is involved in many processes in the human body, such as the metabolism process and immune system activation. Emerging evidence implies that specific changes in the microbiome participate in the development of various diseases, including diabetes, liver diseases, tumors, and pathogen infections. Thus, intervention on the microbiome is becoming a novel and effective method to treat such diseases. Synthetic biology empowers researchers to create strains with unique and complex functions, making the use of engineered microbes for clinical applications attainable. The aim of this review is to summarize recent advances about the roles of the microbiome in certain diseases and the underlying mechanisms, as well as the use of engineered microbes in the prevention, detection, and treatment of various diseases. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Zhou, Xia, Dong and Luo.
MicroRNA Alterations Induced in Human Skin by Diesel Fumes, Ozone, and UV Radiation; Epigenetic alterations are a driving force of the carcinogenesis process. MicroRNAs play a role in silencing mutated oncogenes, thus defending the cell against the adverse consequences of genotoxic damages induced by environmental pollutants. These processes have been well investigated in lungs; however, although skin is directly exposed to a great variety of environmental pollutants, more research is needed to better understand the effect on cutaneous tissue. Therefore, we investigated microRNA alteration in human skin biopsies exposed to diesel fumes, ozone, and UV light for over 24 h of exposure. UV and ozone-induced microRNA alteration right after exposure, while the peak of their deregulations induced by diesel fumes was reached only at the end of the 24 h. Diesel fumes mainly altered microRNAs involved in the carcinogenesis process, ozone in apoptosis, and UV in DNA repair. Accordingly, each tested pollutant induced a specific pattern of microRNA alteration in skin related to the intrinsic mechanisms activated by the specific pollutant. These alterations, over a short time basis, reflect adaptive events aimed at defending the tissue against damages. Conversely, whenever environmental exposure lasts for a long time, the irreversible alteration of the microRNA machinery results in epigenetic damage contributing to the pathogenesis of inflammation, dysplasia, and cancer induced by environmental pollutants. © 2022 by the authors.
Berberine Relieves Metabolic Syndrome in Mice by Inhibiting Liver Inflammation Caused by a High-Fat Diet and Potential Association With Gut Microbiota; Whether berberine mediates its anti-inflammatory and blood sugar and lipid-lowering effects solely by adjusting the structure of the gut microbiota or by first directly regulating the expression of host pro-inflammatory proteins and activation of macrophages and subsequently acting on gut microbiota, is currently unclear. To clarify the mechanism of berberine-mediated regulation of metabolism, we constructed an obese mouse model using SPF-grade C57BL/6J male mice and conducted a systematic study of liver tissue pathology, inflammatory factor expression, and gut microbiota structure. We screened the gut microbiota targets of berberine and showed that the molecular mechanism of berberine-mediated treatment of metabolic syndrome involves the regulation of gut microbiota structure and the expression of inflammatory factors. Our results revealed that a high-fat diet (HFD) significantly changed mice gut microbiota, thereby probably increasing the level of toxins in the intestine, and triggered the host inflammatory response. The HFD also reduced the proportion of short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing genes, thereby hindering mucosal immunity and cell nutrition, and increased the host inflammatory response and liver fat metabolism disorders. Further, berberine could improve the chronic HFD-induced inflammatory metabolic syndrome to some extent and effectively improved the metabolism of high-fat foods in mice, which correlated with the gut microbiota composition. Taken together, our study may improve our understanding of host-microbe interactions during the treatment of metabolic diseases and provide useful insights into the action mechanism of berberine. Copyright © 2022 Li, Li, Ni, Zhang, Jia, Wu, Sun and Wang.
γpeptide Nucleic Acid-Based miR-122 Inhibition Rescues Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet; The blood levels of microRNA-122 (miR-122) is associated with the severity of cardiovascular disorders, and targeting it with efficient and safer miR inhibitors could be a promising approach. Here, we report the generation of a γ-peptide nucleic acid (γPNA)-based miR-122 inhibitor (γP-122-I) that rescues vascular endothelial dysfunction in mice fed a high-fat diet. We synthesized diethylene glycol-containing γP-122-I and found that its systemic administration counteracted high-fat diet (HFD)-feeding-associated increase in blood and aortic miR-122 levels, impaired endothelial function, and reduced glycemic control. A comprehensive safety analysis established that γP-122-I affects neither the complete blood count nor biochemical tests of liver and kidney functions during acute exposure. In addition, long-term exposure to γP-122-I did not change the overall adiposity, or histology of the kidney, liver, and heart. Thus, γP-122-I rescues endothelial dysfunction without any evidence of toxicity in vivo and demonstrates the suitability of γPNA technology in generating efficient and safer miR inhibitors.  © 2022 The Authors.
Red meat consumption, obesity, and the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease among women: Evidence from mediation analysis; Background: Previous studies have suggested consumption of red meat may be associated with an increased risk of developing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, large-scale, prospective data regarding red meat consumption in relation to the incidence of NAFLD are lacking, nor is it known whether any association is mediated by obesity. Objective: We aimed to evaluate the relationship between red meat consumption and the subsequent risk of developing NAFLD. Design: This prospective cohort study included 77,795 women in the Nurses’ Health Study II cohort without NAFLD at baseline (in 1995), who provided detailed, validated information regarding diet, including consumption of red meat, every 4 years, followed through 2015. Lifestyle factors, clinical comorbidities and body mass index (BMI), were updated biennially. Cox proportional hazard models were used to estimate multivariable adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Over 1,444,637 person years of follow-up, we documented 3130 cases of incident NAFLD. Compared to women who consumed ≤1 serving/week of red meat, the multivariable-adjusted HRs of incident NAFLD were 1.20 (95% CI: 0.97, 1.50) for 2–4 servings/week; 1.31 (95% CI: 1.06, 1.61) for 5–6 servings/week; 1.41 (95% CI: 1.13, 1.75) for 1 serving/day; and 1.52 (95% CI: 1.23, 1.89) for ≥2 servings/day. However, after further adjustment for BMI, all associations for red meat, including unprocessed and processed red meat, were attenuated and not statistically significant (all P-trend>0.05). BMI was estimated to mediate 66.1% (95% CI: 41.8%, 84.2%; P < 0.0001) of the association between red meat consumption and NAFLD risk. Conclusions: Red meat consumption, including both unprocessed and processed red meat, was associated with significantly increased risk of developing NAFLD. This association was mediated largely by obesity. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Vitamin D can be effective on the prevention of COVID-19 complications: A narrative review on molecular aspects; The widespread COVID-19 pandemic has been, currently, converted to a catastrophic human health challenge. Vitamin D (VD) and its metabolites have been used as a palliative treatment for chronic inflammatory and infectious diseases from ancient times. In the current study, some molecular aspects of the potential effects of VD against COVID-19 side-effects have been discussed. An arguable role in autophagy or apoptosis control has been suggested for VD through calcium signaling at the mitochondrial and ER levels. 1,25(OH)2D3 is also an immunomodulator that affects the development of B-cells, T-cells, and NK cells in both innate and acquired immunity. The production of some anti-microbial molecules such as defensins and cathelicidins is also stimulated by VD. The overexpression of glutathione, glutathione peroxidase, and superoxide dismutase, and down-regulation of NADPH oxidase are induced by VD to reduce the oxidative stress. Moreover, the multi-organ failure due to a cytokine storm induced by SARS-CoV2 in COVID-19 may be prevented by the immunomodulatory effects of VD. It can also downregulate the renin-angiotensin system which has a protective role against cardiovascular complications induced by COVID-19. Given the many experimental and molecular evidences due to the potential protective effects of VD on the prevention of the COVID-19-induced morbidities, a VD supplementation is suggested to prevent the lethal side-effects of the infection. It is particularly recommended in VDdeficient patients or those at greater risk of serious or critical effects of COVID-19, including the elderly, and patients with pre-existing chronic diseases, especially those in nursing homes, care facilities, and hospitals. © 2022 Hogrefe Verlag GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
The Origins of NAFLD: The Potential Implication of Intrauterine Life and Early Postnatal Period; Fetal life and the first few months after birth represent a plastic age, defined as a “window of opportunity”, as the organism is particularly susceptible to environmental pressures and has to adapt to environmental conditions. Several perturbations in pregnancy, such as excessive weight gain, obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus and an inadequate or high-fat diet, have been associated with long-term metabolic consequences in offspring, even without affecting birth weight. Moreover, great interest has also been focused on the relationship between the gut microbiome of early infants and health status in later life. Consistently, in various epidemiological studies, a condition of dysbiosis has been associated with an increased inflammatory response and metabolic alterations in the host, with important consequences on the intestinal and systemic health of the unborn child. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the origins of NAFLD, with particular attention to the potential implications of intrauterine life and the early postnatal period. Due to the well-known association between gut microbiota and the risk of NAFLD, a specific focus will be devoted to factors affecting early microbiota formation/composition. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of endocrine disrupting chemicals levels in serum, environmental risk factors, and hepatic function among 5- to 14-year-old children; Endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) might increase the risk of childhood diseases by disrupting hormone-mediated processes that are critical for growth and development during childhood, however, the association among the exposure level of EDCs such as Nonylphenol (NP), Bisphenol A (BPA), Dimethyl phthalate (DMP) in children and environmental risk factors, as well as hepatic function has not been elaborated. This study aimed to discuss this interesting relationship among NP, BPA, DMP concentrations in serum, environmental risk factors, hepatic function of 5- to 14-year-old children in industrial zone, residential zone and suburb in northern district of Guizhou Province, China. In Zunyi city, 1006 children participated in cross-sectional health assessments from July to August 2018, and their parents completed identical questionnaires on the environmental risk factors of EDCs exposure to mothers and children. Serum NP, BPA and DMP concentrations were measured by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), AST/ALT, total bilirubin (TBIL), direct bilirubin (DBIL) and indirect bilirubin (IBIL) were detected with automatic biochemical analyzer. The median concentrations of serum NP, BPA, and DMP in the participants were 45.85 ng/mL, 26.31 ng/mL and 31.62 ng/mL, respectively, which were higher than the environmental concentration limits of the U.S. National Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Hair gels used during pregnancy, types of domestic drinking water, nail polish and cosmetics used by children were significantly positive correlated with serum NP concentration (P < 0.05). Gender, feeding pattern, plastic water cup used during pregnancy, hair spray and perfume use for children, duration of children birth, materials for baby bottle or cup and ways to plastic products were significantly positively correlated with serum BPA concentration (P < 0.05). Gender, perms used during pregnancy, hair spray and perfume use for children, using plastic lunch box during pregnancy, duration of children birth, exposure to pesticides, parents’ occupations were significantly positively correlated with serum DMP concentrations (P < 0.05). Serum NP (β = 0.296, P = 0.036) and DMP (β = 0.316, P = 0.026) concentrations and TBIL level were significantly positively correlated. Serum NP concentration and the levels of IBIL (β = 0.382, P = 0.006) are significantly positively correlated. Cosmetics used during pregnancy significantly increased AST level (β = 2.641, P = 0.021). There was a positive correlation between the frequency of hair spray and perfume use for children and the AST (β = 4.241, P = 0.022). NP, BPA and DMP, which were commonly detected in the serum of children aged 5−14 years old in Zunyi City, Northern Guizhou Province, China, were closely related to the environmental risk factors of exposure environment during pregnancy, infancy and school age. Exposure to NP, BPA and DMP would have negative effects on hepatic function, and these effects showed differences in gender and geographical location. Notably,The relationships were more evident in girls than in boys. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Efficacy of Off-Label Therapy for Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Improving Non-invasive and Invasive Biomarkers: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objective: To evaluate the effects of vitamin E, pioglitazone, sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Design: A network meta-analysis. Data Sources: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases from their inception until September 1, 2021. Eligibility Criteria for Selecting Studies: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the effects of four different drugs in patients with NAFLD were included. All superiority, non-inferiority, phase II and III, non-blinded, single-blinded, and double-blinded trials were included. Interventions of interest included vitamin E (α-tocopherol and δ-tocotrienol), pioglitazone, three kinds of GLP-1 receptor agonists (liraglutide, semaglutide, and dulaglutide), four SGLT2 inhibitors (dapagliflozin, empagliflozin, ipragliflozin, and tofogliflozin), and comparisons of these different drugs, and placebos. Main Outcome Measures: The outcome measures included changes in non-invasive tests [alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), enhanced liver fibrosis (ELF) score, liver fat content (LFC), and keratin-18 (K-18)] and invasive tests [fibrosis score and resolution of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)]. Results: Twenty-seven trials including 3,416 patients were eligible for inclusion in the study. Results refer to vitamin E, pioglitazone, GLP-1 receptor agonists, and SGLT2 inhibitors. First, placebos were used as a reference. δ-Tocotrienol was superior to placebo in decreasing the GGT level. Semaglutide, ipragliflozin, and pioglitazone induced a significantly higher decrease in the ALT level than a placebo. Semaglutide, pioglitazone, and dapagliflozin were superior to placebo in decreasing the AST level. Tofogliflozin and pioglitazone induced a significantly higher decrease in the K-18 level than a placebo. Liraglutide was superior to placebo in decreasing CAP. Liraglutide, pioglitazone, and vitamin E induced a significantly higher increase in resolution of NASH than a placebo. As for pairwise comparisons, semaglutide and pioglitazone were superior to liraglutide in decreasing the ALT level. Semaglutide induced a significantly higher decrease in the ALT level than dulaglutide. Semaglutide was obviously superior to empagliflozin, liraglutide, dulaglutide, and tofogliflozin in decreasing the AST level. Pioglitazone induced a significantly higher decrease in the GGT level than ipragliflozin. δ-Tocotrienol was superior to liraglutide in decreasing the GGT level. Tofogliflozin and pioglitazone induced a significantly higher decrease in the K-18 level than dulaglutide. Pioglitazone was superior to vitamin E in increasing the resolution of NASH. Furthermore, liraglutide treatment had the highest SUCRA ranking in decreasing CAP and ELF scores and increasing the resolution of NASH. Pioglitazone treatment had the highest SUCRA ranking in decreasing LFC and fibrosis scores. Tofogliflozin treatment had the highest SUCRA ranking in decreasing K-18, while dapagliflozin treatment had the highest SUCRA ranking in decreasing the GGT level. Semaglutide treatment had the highest SUCRA ranking in decreasing the levels of ALT and AST. Conclusion: The network meta-analysis provided evidence for the efficacy of vitamin E, pioglitazone, SGLT2 inhibitors, and GLP-1 receptor agonists in treating patients with NAFLD. To find the best guide-level drugs, it is necessary to include more RCTs with these off-label drugs, so that patients and clinicians can make optimal decisions together. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero, identifier: CRD42021283129. Copyright © 2022 Luo, Wei, Cai, Zhao, Liu and Liu.
Maternal Hepatitis: Important Considerations; Viral hepatitis is considered to be the most common cause of jaundice in pregnancy. The known causes are range of hepatitis infections which includes Hepatitis A, B, C, D, E, and G. The epidemiology, structure, virulence, prevalence, route of transmission, mother-to-child transmission, tendency to chronicity, risk of liver complications, and response to antivirals differ for all. The greatest risk to mother and fetus is seen with hepatitis A and E virus. Clinical presentations are the same for all types and differentiation can only be serology based. The risks to the fetus are the main feature of hepatitis A infection and hepatitis E has both increased maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Chronic HBV, HDV, and HCV infections are associated with pregnancy-related complications and also risk of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). Management is supportive in all except in cases of development of fulminant hepatic failure where termination of pregnancy is warranted. Vaginal delivery and breastfeeding are not contraindicated in any type of viral hepatitis. Multispecialty approach is required in these cases for optimal management with the main aim being prevention of maternal and fetal complications and transfer of infection to the neonate. Pregnancy offers an opportunity to chronically infected patients who are asymptomatic and silent carriers to medical follow-up. This will help is reducing the lifelong morbidity of the patients. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Does the gut microbiota contribute to the antiobesity effect of exercise? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess gut microbiota modifications after exercise in humans and animal models with obesity or type 2 diabetes and their role in exercise-induced weight loss. Methods: A systematic search of six databases was conducted on July 31, 2021. The extracted data on body fat or body weight from human and animal studies were analyzed using random-effects meta-analysis. Results: A total of 28 studies were included, with all studies reporting exercise-induced gut microbiota modifications; however, the modified taxa varied among studies. Proteobacteria was the only taxa reported to be altered by exercise in more than one human and one animal study. Taxa belonging to Firmicutes were the most responsive to exercise in humans and mice, whereas Proteobacteria taxa were the most responsive to exercise in rats. A meta-analysis was conducted to examine the weight-lowering effect of exercise based on data subgrouped by altered or unaltered α-diversity or β-diversity. The association between the weight-lowering effect of exercise and altered β-diversity was observed in humans with obesity but not in animals. Conclusions: These findings suggest that gut microbiota modifications contribute to exercise-induced weight loss in obesity; however, their precise contributions, especially those of taxon-level variations, remain to be investigated. © 2022 The Obesity Society
Perinatal Combinational Exposure to Bisphenol A and a High-Fat Diet Contributes to Transgenerational Dysregulation of Cardiovascular and Metabolic Systems in Mice; Both bisphenol A (BPA) and high-fat diet (HFD) exert unfavorable effects on animals and humans; moreover, they could affect the health of their offspring. BPA and HFD often coexist in modern lifestyles; however, the long-term effects of simultaneous exposure of mothers to BPA and HFD during the perinatal period on the cardiovascular and metabolic systems of the offspring remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the effect of simultaneous exposure of mothers to BPA and HFD on the risk of metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities in offspring. Institute of Cancer Research female mice (F0) were exposed to BPA and fed with HFD before and during gestation until the end of lactation. F0 mice were mated with untreated males to produce the first generation (F1); subsequently, adult F1 males/females were mated with normal females/males to produce the second generation (F2). Combined maternal exposure to BPA and HFD caused myocardial hypertrophy and aortic tunica media thickening as well as increased the cross-sectional area of cardiomyocytes and blood pressure in the matrilineal F2 generation. These cardiovascular changes might be associated with reduced endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) levels. The patrilineal female F2 was more likely to be obese than the patrilineal male F2. Re-feeding with a HFD showed a more significant weight gain and reduced energy expenditure. However, the aforementioned effects were not observed with exposure to HFD or BPA alone during the perinatal period. Our findings suggest that perinatal combinational exposure to BPA and HFD could cause metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in the offspring, Further, our findings demonstrate that the synergistic effects of HFD and BPA could be transmitted to future generations in a sex-dependent manner. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Liao, Huang, You, Lin, Yang, Fan, Zhong, Li, Li and Xiao.
Capsaicin and Zinc Promote Glucose Uptake in C2C12 Skeletal Muscle Cells through a Common Calcium Signalling Pathway; Capsaicin and zinc have recently been highlighted as potential treatments for glucose metabolism disorders; however, the effect of these two natural compounds on signalling pathways involved in glucose metabolism is still uncertain. In this study, we assessed the capsaicin-or zincinduced activation of signalling molecules including calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase 2 (CAMKK2), cAMP-response element-binding protein (CREB), and target of rapamycin kinase complex 1 (TORC1). Moreover, the expression status of genes associated with the control of glucose metabolism was measured in treated cells. The activation of cell signalling proteins was then evaluated in capsaicin-or zinc treated cells in the presence or absence of cell-permeant calcium chelator (BAPTA-AM) and the CAMKK inhibitor (STO-609). Finally, capsaicin-and zinc-induced glucose uptake was measured in the cells pre-treated with or without BAPTA-AM. Our results indicate that calcium flux induced by capsaicin or zinc led to activation of calcium signalling molecules and promoting glucose uptake in skeletal muscle cells. Pharmacological inhibition of CAMKK diminished activation of signalling molecules. Moreover, we observed an increase in intracellular cAMP levels in the cells after treatment with capsaicin and zinc. Our data show that capsaicin and zinc mediate glucose uptake in C2C12 skeletal muscle cells through the activation of calcium signalling. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Is Obesity or Adiposity-Based Chronic Disease Curable: The Set Point Theory, the Environment, and Second-Generation Medications; Adiposity-based chronic disease (ABCD) requires life-long treatment and follow up. Obesity protects obesity through altered regulation of caloric intake and set point mechanisms, which help maintain a high equilibrium body weight. Lifestyle interventions and obesity medications do not permanently alter the set point, which often makes weight loss achieved using lifestyle changes short-lived and operates to drive weight regain once medications are discontinued. Bariatric surgery procedures can alter appetite and lower the “set point” for the equilibrium body weight via unknown mechanisms. However, few patients attain an ideal body weight following surgery, many regain weight, and all require long-term follow up for the disease. The excess adiposity associated with ABCD gives rise to complications that impair health and confer morbidity and mortality; however, the genetic risks and potential interactions between genes and the environment that give rise to complications cannot be eliminated. The equilibrium body weight around which set point mechanisms operate can be modified by the environment, which underscores the importance of a less obesogenic environment for the prevention and treatment of ABCD on a population basis. Whether ABCD will eventually be curable will depend on a clear understanding of the molecular mechanisms that determine the set point regulation of body weight and the ability to permanently modulate the set point to oscillate around a lean body mass. However, the conceptualization of ABCD as a chronic disease does present us with opportunities for primary, secondary, and tertiary prevention to avert disease progression. For tertiary care, the advent of new, more effective second-generation obesity medications will allow clinicians to treat to target via active management of body weight into a target range that will ameliorate specific complications. © 2021 AACE
The crosstalk among TLR2, TLR4 and pathogenic pathways; a treasure trove for treatment of diabetic neuropathy; Diabetes is correlated with organ failures as a consequence of microvascular diabetic complications, including neuropathy, nephropathy, and retinopathy. These difficulties come with serious clinical manifestations and high medical costs. Diabetic neuropathy (DN) is one of the most prevalent diabetes complications, affecting at least 50% of diabetic patients with long disease duration. DN has serious effects on patients’ life since it interferes with their daily physical activities and causes psychological comorbidities. There are some potential risk factors for the development of neuropathic injuries. It has been shown that inflammatory mechanisms play a pivotal role in the progression of DN. Among inflammatory players, TLR2 and TLR4 have gained immense importance because of their ability in recognizing distinct molecular patterns of invading pathogens and also damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs) providing inflammatory context for the progression of a wide array of disorders. We, therefore, sought to explore the possible role of TLR2 and TLR4 in DN pathogenesis and if whether manipulating TLRs is likely to be successful in fighting off DN. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
The Relationships between Gut Microbiota and Diabetes Mellitus, and Treatments for Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is considered to be a global epidemic. The combination of genetic susceptibility and an unhealthy lifestyle is considered to be the main trigger of this metabolic disorder. Recently, there has been increased interest in the roles of gut microbiota as a new potential contributor to this epidemic. Research, in recent years, has contributed to an in-depth characterization of the human microbiome and its associations with various diseases, including metabolic diseases and diabetes mellitus. It is known that diet can change the composition of gut microbiota, but it is unclear how this, in turn, may influence metabolism. The main objective of this review is to evaluate the pathogenetic association between microbiota and diabetes and to explore any new therapeutic agents, including nutraceuticals that may modulate the microbiota. We also look at several mechanisms involved in this process. There is a clear, bidirectional relationship between microbiota and diabetes. Current treatments for diabetes influence microbiota in various ways, some beneficial, but others with still unclear effects. Microbiota-aimed treatments have seen no real-world significant effects on the progression of diabetes and its complications, with more studies needed in order to find a really beneficial agent. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Tomatoes: An Extensive Review of the Associated Health Impacts of Tomatoes and Factors That Can Affect Their Cultivation; This review outlines the health benefits associated with the regular consumption of tomatoes and tomato products. The first section provides a detailed account of the horticultural techniques that can impact the quality of the fruit and its nutritional properties, including water availability, light intensity, temperature, and growing media. The next section provides information on the components of tomato that are likely to contribute to its health effects. The review then details some of the health benefits associated with tomato consumption, including anticancer properties, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases and skin health. This review also discusses the impact tomatoes can have on the gut microbiome and associated health benefits, including reducing the risk of inflammatory bowel diseases. Other health benefits of eating tomatoes are also discussed in relation to effects on diabetes, the immune response, exercise recovery, and fertility. Finally, this review also addresses the negative effects that can occur as a result of overconsumption of tomato products and lycopene supplements. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Gut Microbial Signature of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Association With Diet Intervention; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a high-risk pregnancy complication that is associated with metabolic disorder phenotypes, such as abnormal blood glucose and obesity. The link between microbiota and diet management contributes to metabolic homeostasis in GDM. Therefore, it is crucial to understand the structure of the gut microbiota in GDM and to explore the effect of dietary management on the microbiota structure. In this study, we analyzed the composition of the gut microbiota between 27 GDM and 30 healthy subjects at two time points using Illumina HiSeq 2500 platform. The taxonomy analyses suggested that the overall bacteria clustered by diabetes status, rather than diet intervention. Of particular interest, the phylum Acidobacteria in GDM was significantly increased, and positively correlated with blood glucose levels. Moreover, Partial least-squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) revealed that certain genera in the phyla Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria, and Lentisphaerae characterized the GDM gut microbiota. Correlation analysis indicated that blood glucose levels and BMI index were correlated with the relative abundance of SCFAS-producing genera. Through the comparison between the GDM and healthy samples with or without diet intervention, we discovered that the role of short-term diet management in GDM processes is associated with the change in the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio and some specific taxa, rather than an alternative gut microbial pattern. Our study have important implications for understanding the beneficial effects of diet intervention on the specific gut microbiota and thus possibly their metabolism in pregnant women with GDM. Copyright © 2022 Wu, Zhou, Mo, Mu, Su, Li, Yu, Liu, Zhang, Xu, Yu, Liu and Liu.
Lutein activates downstream signaling pathways of unfolded protein response in hyperglycemic ARPE-19 cells; We have earlier demonstrated that lutein effectively prevents hyperglycemia generated sustained oxidative stress in ARPE-19 cells by activating Nrf2 (nuclear factor erythroid 2–related factor 2) signaling. Since evidence portrays an intricate connection between ER (endoplasmic reticulum) stress and hyperglycemia-mediated oxidative stress, we aimed to explore the protective mechanism of lutein on hyperglycemia-induced ER stress in ARPE-19 cells. To determine the effect of lutein, we probed three major downstream branches of unfolded protein response (UPR) signaling pathways using western blot, immunofluorescent and RT-PCR techniques. The data showed a reduction (38%) in protein expression of an imperative ER chaperon, BiP (binding immunoglobulin protein), in glucose-treated ARPE-19 cells. At the same time, lutein pretreatment blocked this glucose-mediated effect, leading to a significant increase in BiP expression. Lutein promoted the phosphorylation of IRE1 (inositol requiring enzyme 1) and subsequent splicing of XBP1 (X-box binding protein 1), leading to enhanced nuclear translocation. Likewise, lutein activated the expression and translocation of transcription factors, ATF6 (activating transcription factor 6) and ATF4 (activating transcription factor 4) suppressed by hyperglycemia. Lutein also increased CHOP (C/EBP-homologous protein) levels in ARPE-19 cultured under high glucose conditions. The mRNA expression study showed that lutein pretreatment upregulates downstream UPR genes HRD1 (ERAD-associated E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase HRD1), p58IPK (protein kinase inhibitor p58) compared to high glucose treatment alone. From our study, it is clear that lutein show protection against hyperglycemia-mediated ER stress in ARPE-19 cells by activating IRE1-XBP1, ATF6, and ATF4 pathways and their downstream activators. Thus, lutein may have the pharmacological potential for protection against widespread disease conditions of ER stress. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Targeting gut microbiota in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Potential roles of dietary flavonoids; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common endocrine and progressive metabolic disorder disease, which seriously threatens peoples' lives and health. Due to the high cost of clinical treatments and obvious side effects, looking for effective bioactive ingredients in the diet is an important strategy to prevent or even reduce the risk of diabetes. Epidemiological studies have suggested that dietary flavonoids have a potential antidiabetic effect, but the underlying mechanism remains unclear. Accumulating evidences indicates that gut microbiota has become an important target of dietary interventions. It plays essential roles in the digestion and absorption of flavonoids and affects the occurrence and progression of T2DM. This review systematically summarized the progress of dietary flavonoids targeting gut microbiota to ameliorate T2DM and analyzed possible molecular mechanisms. It suggests that flavonoids may prevent T2DM for healthy people and ameliorate health situations for T2DM patients. In addition, microbiota-based nutrition aims to provide personalized nutritional guidance to alter an individual's microbiota and further improve response to dietary flavonoids, which will benefit to achieve a more effective diet for the prevention and management of T2DM. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Arabinoxylan ameliorates type 2 diabetes by regulating the gut microbiota and metabolites; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia. Intake of dietary fiber is inversely associated with risks of T2D. Here, metabolomics and 16S rRNA gene sequencing were employed to investigate the effects of arabinoxylan on gut microbiota and their metabolites in type 2 diabetic rats. T2D increased the abundance of opportunistic pathogens (such as Desulfovibrio and Klebsiella) and the levels of 12α-hydroxylated bile acids and acylcarnitines (C3) in diabetic rats, which eventually contribute to insulin resistance and hyperglycemia. Supplementation with arabinoxylan promoted the growth of fiber-degrading bacteria to increase short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), as well as decreased the abundance of opportunistic pathogens. Arabinoxylan treatment also decreased the concentrations of 12α-hydroxylated bile acids, and increased the levels of equol, indolepropionate, and eicosadienoic acid. This study indicated that the beneficial effects of arabinoxylan on T2D may be partially attributed to the modification of gut microbiota and related metabolites. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
AMPK signaling in diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance and diabetic complications: A pre-clinical and clinical investigation; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is considered as a main challenge in both developing and developed countries, as lifestyle has changed and its management seems to be vital. Type I and type II diabetes are the main kinds and they result in hyperglycemia in patients and related complications. The gene expression alteration can lead to development of DM and related complications. The AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is an energy sensor with aberrant expression in various diseases including cancer, cardiovascular diseases and DM. The present review focuses on understanding AMPK role in DM. Inducing AMPK signaling promotes glucose in DM that is of importance for ameliorating hyperglycemia. Further investigation reveals the role of AMPK signaling in enhancing insulin sensitivity for treatment of diabetic patients. Furthermore, AMPK upregulation inhibits stress and cell death in β cells that is of importance for preventing type I diabetes development. The clinical studies on diabetic patients have shown the role of AMPK signaling in improving diabetic complications such as brain disorders. Furthermore, AMPK can improve neuropathy, nephropathy, liver diseases and reproductive alterations occurring during DM. For exerting such protective impacts, AMPK signaling interacts with other molecular pathways such as PGC-1α, PI3K/Akt, NOX4 and NF-κB among others. Therefore, providing therapeutics based on AMPK targeting can be beneficial for amelioration of DM. © 2021
MiR-195 promotes pancreatic β-cell dedifferentiation by targeting Mfn2 and impairing Pi3k/Akt signaling in type 2 diabetes; Objective: The aim of this study was to research the role and underlying mechanism of miR-195 involved in pancreatic β-cell dedifferentiation induced by hyperlipemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: High-fat-diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice and palmitate-stimulated Min6 cells were used as the models of β-cell dedifferentiation in vivo and in vitro, respectively. The expression of miR-195 and insulin secretion during β-cell dedifferentiation were measured. Also, the influence of regulated miR-195 expression on β-cell dedifferentiation was examined. Meanwhile, the IRS-1/2/Pi3k/Akt pathway and mitofusin-2 (Mfn2) expression were investigated during β-cell dedifferentiation. Results: MiR-195 was upregulated during lipotoxicity-induced β-cell dedifferentiation in both in vivo and in vitro experiments, and miR-195 functionally contributed to lipotoxicity-induced β-cell dedifferentiation. Furthermore, miR-195 inhibited IRS-1/2/Pi3k/Akt pathway activation, which accompanied β-cell dedifferentiation. Mfn2, a target of miR-195, was found to be downregulated and was associated with increased mitochondrial production of reactive oxygen species during β-cell dedifferentiation. Instructively, inhibition of miR-195, at least partially, reversed the downregulation of Mfn2, restored IRS-1/2/Pi3k/Akt pathway activation, and prevented β-cell dedifferentiation. Conclusions: MiR-195 promoted β-cell dedifferentiation through negatively regulating Mfn2 expression and inhibiting the IRS-1/2/Pi3k/Akt pathway, providing a promising treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2022 The Obesity Society
Glutamine supplementation can reduce some atherosclerosis markers after exhaustive exercise in young healthy males; Objectives: Glutamine can be beneficial to athletes for its antiinflammatory and antioxidant effects. The present study was designed to investigate the effect of glutamine supplementation on some atherosclerosis markers after exhaustive exercise in young healthy males. Methods: In an intervention study, 30 healthy males (case = 15 and control = 15) were randomly assigned into two groups. For 14 d, the intervention group received 0.3 g of glutamine per kilogram of body weight per day, with 25 g of sugar in 250 mL of water, and the control group received 25 g of sugar per 250 mL of water. At the end of the intervention, the participants completed one session of exhaustive exercise, and then fasting blood samples were taken to test serum levels of atherosclerosis markers. Results: In the intervention group, the serum levels of leptin, cholesterol, and oxidized low-density lipoprotein were lower than in the control group after 2 wk of glutamine supplementation (P < 0.05). Interleukin-6 serum levels were lower in the intervention group compared to the control group after supplementation, but not significantly. Serum levels of leptin, interleukin-6, cholesterol, and oxidized low-density lipoprotein, as well as the ratio of oxidized low-density lipoprotein to high-density lipoprotein, were significantly decreased in the intervention group compared to the control group after exhaustive exercise (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Glutamine supplementation has beneficial effects for athletes, particularly those doing strenuous physical exercise, through reducing atherosclerosis-related biomarkers and elevating serum adiponectin levels, and it can potentially play a role in decreasing the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Artemisia scoparia and Metabolic Health: Untapped Potential of an Ancient Remedy for Modern Use; Botanicals have a long history of medicinal use for a multitude of ailments, and many modern pharmaceuticals were originally isolated from plants or derived from phytochemicals. Among these, artemisinin, first isolated from Artemisia annua, is the foundation for standard anti-malarial therapies. Plants of the genus Artemisia are among the most common herbal remedies across Asia and Central Europe. The species Artemisia scoparia (SCOPA) is widely used in traditional folk medicine for various liver diseases and inflammatory conditions, as well as for infections, fever, pain, cancer, and diabetes. Modern in vivo and in vitro studies have now investigated SCOPA’s effects on these pathologies and its ability to mitigate hepatotoxicity, oxidative stress, obesity, diabetes, and other disease states. This review focuses on the effects of SCOPA that are particularly relevant to metabolic health. Indeed, in recent years, an ethanolic extract of SCOPA has been shown to enhance differentiation of cultured adipocytes and to share some properties of thiazolidinediones (TZDs), a class of insulin-sensitizing agonists of the adipogenic transcription factor PPARγ. In a mouse model of diet-induced obesity, SCOPA diet supplementation lowered fasting insulin and glucose levels, while inducing metabolically favorable changes in adipose tissue and liver. These observations are consistent with many lines of evidence from various tissues and cell types known to contribute to metabolic homeostasis, including immune cells, hepatocytes, and pancreatic beta-cells. Compounds belonging to several classes of phytochemicals have been implicated in these effects, and we provide an overview of these bioactives. The ongoing global epidemics of obesity and metabolic disease clearly require novel therapeutic approaches. While the mechanisms involved in SCOPA’s effects on metabolic, anti-inflammatory, and oxidative stress pathways are not fully characterized, current data support further investigation of this plant and its bioactives as potential therapeutic agents in obesity-related metabolic dysfunction and many other conditions. Copyright © 2021 Boudreau, Richard, Harvey and Stephens.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 19 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Fetal Growth; Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) has been implicated in glucose homeostasis. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enhances fetal insulin secretion and fetal growth. Girls weigh less and are more insulin resistant than boys at birth. We sought to assess whether FGF19 is associated with GDM and fetal growth and explore potential sex dimorphic associations. This was a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, including 153 pairs of newborns of GDM versus euglycemic mothers matched by infant’s sex and gestational age at birth. Cord plasma FGF19, insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I and IGF-II concentrations were measured. Cord plasma FGF19 concentrations were similar in GDM versus euglycemic pregnancies (mean ± SD: 43.5 ± 28.2 versus 44.5 ± 30.2 pg/mL, P=0.38). FGF19 was not correlated with IGF-I or IGF-II. FGF19 concentrations were positively correlated with birth weight (r=0.23, P=0.01) and length (r=0.21, P=0.02) z scores, C-peptide (r=0.27, P=0.002) and proinsulin (r=0.27, P=0.002) concentrations in females. Each SD increment in cord plasma FGF19 was associated with a 0.25 (0.07-0.43) increase in birth weight z score in females. In contrast, FGF19 was not correlated with birth weight or length in males. These sex dimorphic associations remained after adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics. The study is the first to demonstrate that GDM does not matter for cord blood FGF19 concentrations. The female specific positive correlation between FGF19 and birth weight is suggestive of a sex-dimorphic role of FGF19 in fetal growth. The observations call for more studies to validate the novel findings and elucidate the underlying mechanisms. Copyright © 2022 Yang, Huang, Liu, Xu, Wang, He, Zhang, Zheng, Fang, Fan, Li, Zhang, Li, Ouyang and Luo.
Punicalagin alleviates renal injury: Via the gut-kidney axis in high-fat diet-induced diabetic mice; Diabetic renal injury was associated with dysbiosis of the gut microbiota and intestinal barrier. Punicalagin (PU) from pomegranates potentially impacts the microbial ecosystem, intestinal barrier, and renal function. Therefore, we hypothesized that PU may improve diabetic renal injury by modulating the gut-kidney axis. The present study evaluated the effect of PU on the gut-kidney axis and kidney function in a diabetic renal injury mouse model induced by a high-fat diet (HFD). Mice were fed a HFD without PU or with at doses of 50 and 100 mg kg-1 d-1 for 8 weeks. Targeted metabolomics by GC-MS and 16S rRNA sequencing were implemented to determine short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and microbes. Further RNA sequencing analyses were performed to determine which differentially expressed genes were changed by PU. Compared with the DM model group, PU supplementation improved diabetic renal injury, ameliorated kidney architecture and function, and reshaped gut microbial ecology. Additionally, PU reversed HFD-induced gut barrier dysfunction, promoted cecal SCFA concentrations and inhibited serum lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and diamine oxidase (DAO) levels. Moreover, correlation analysis found that cecal SCFAs were significantly negatively correlated with inflammation-related genes in the kidney. The present results indicated that PU, a promising bioactive polyphenol, successfully improved diabetic renal injury, most likely through the gut-kidney axis. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Novel advances in understanding fatty acid–binding G protein–coupled receptors and their roles in controlling energy balance; Diabetes, obesity, and other metabolic diseases have been recognized as the main factors that endanger human health worldwide. Most of these metabolic syndromes develop when the energy balance in the body is disrupted. Energy balance depends upon the systemic regulation of food intake, glucose homeostasis, and lipid metabolism. Fatty acid–binding G protein–coupled receptors (GPCRs) are widely expressed in various types of tissues and cells involved in energy homeostasis regulation. In this review, the distribution and biological functions of fatty acid–binding GPCRs are summarized, particularly with respect to the gut, pancreas, and adipose tissue. A systematic understanding of the physiological functions of the fatty acid–binding GPCRs involved in energy homeostasis regulation will help in identifying novel pharmacological targets for metabolic diseases. © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved.
The German Gestational Diabetes Study (PREG), a prospective multicentre cohort study: Rationale, methodology and design; Introduction Even well-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) might still have impact on long-term health of the mother and her offspring, although this relationship has not yet been conclusively studied. Using in-depth phenotyping of the mother and her offspring, we aim to elucidate the relationship of maternal hyperglycaemia during pregnancy and adequate treatment, and its impact on the long-term health of both mother and child. Methods The multicentre PREG study, a prospective cohort study, is designed to metabolically and phenotypically characterise women with a 75-g five-point oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during, and repeatedly after pregnancy. Outcome measures are maternal glycaemia during OGTTs, birth outcome and the health and growth development of the offspring. The children of the study participants are followed up until adulthood with developmental tests and metabolic and epigenetic phenotyping in the PREG Offspring study. A total of 800 women (600 with GDM, 200 controls) will be recruited. Ethics and dissemination The study protocol has been approved by all local ethics committees. Results will be disseminated via conference presentations and peer-reviewed publications. Trial registration number The PREG study and the PREG Offspring study are registered with Clinical Trials (ClinicalTrials.gov identifiers: NCT04270578, NCT04722900).  ©
Porphyromonas gingivalis Administration Induces Gestational Obesity, Alters Gene Expression in the Liver and Brown Adipose Tissue in Pregnant Mice, and Causes Underweight in Fetuses; Preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes is crucial for maternal and child health. Periodontal disease is a risk factor for many systemic diseases including adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm birth and low birth weight. In addition, the administration of the periodontopathic bacterium Porphyromonas gingivalis exacerbates obesity, glucose tolerance, and hepatic steatosis and alters endocrine function in the brown adipose tissue (BAT). However, the effects of having periodontal disease during pregnancy remain unclear. Thus, this study investigates the effect of P. gingivalis administration on obesity, liver, and BAT during pregnancy. Sonicated P. gingivalis (Pg) or saline (Co) was injected intravenously and administered orally to pregnant C57BL/6J mice three times per week. Maternal body weight and fetal body weight on embryonic day (ED) 18 were evaluated. Microarray analysis and qPCR in the liver and BAT and hepatic and plasma triglyceride quantification were performed on dams at ED 18. The body weight of Pg dams was heavier than that of Co dams; however, the fetal body weight was decreased in the offspring of Pg dams. Microarray analysis revealed 254 and 53 differentially expressed genes in the liver and BAT, respectively. Gene set enrichment analysis exhibited the downregulation of fatty acid metabolism gene set in the liver and estrogen response early/late gene sets in the BAT, whereas inflammatory response and IL6/JAK/STAT3 signaling gene sets were upregulated both in the liver and BAT. The downregulation of expression levels of Lpin1, Lpin2, and Lxra in the liver, which are associated with triglyceride synthesis, and a decreasing trend in hepatic triglyceride of Pg dams were observed. P. gingivalis administration may alter lipid metabolism in the liver. Overall, the intravenous and oral administration of sonicated P. gingivalis-induced obesity and modified gene expression in the liver and BAT in pregnant mice and caused fetuses to be underweight. Copyright © 2022 Yoshida, Hatasa, Ohsugi, Tsuchiya, Liu, Niimi, Morita, Shimohira, Sasaki, Maekawa, Shiba, Hirota, Okano, Hirose, Ibi, Noritake, Tomiga, Nitta, Suzuki, Takahashi, Miyasaka, Iwata and Katagiri.
Dietary Total Antioxidant Capacity Is Inversely Associated with Prediabetes and Insulin Resistance in Bialystok PLUS Population; The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between the dietary total antioxidant capacity (DTAC) and occurrence of prediabetes, diabetes and insulin resistance in the Bialystok PLUS (Polish Longitudinal University Study) population. Daily food consumption was estimated by 3-days 24-h dietary recalls. DTAC was calculated using the date of food consumption and antioxidant potential of foods measured by FRAP (ferric ion reducing antioxidant potential) method. The following measurements were performed to identify prediabetes, diabetes and HOMA-IR: fasting glucose (FG), 2h postprandial glucose level (2h-PG), fasting insulin (FI), glycated hemoglobin HbA1c. Logistic regression models were used to assess the relationship between DTAC and prediabetes and diabetes. This study demonstrated that higher quartile of DTAC, after adjustment for confounding variables, was significantly associated with a reduced odds ratio for the prevalence of prediabetes in Bialystok PLUS population aged 35–65 years. DTAC was also significantly inversely associated with HOMA-IR in multivariate linear regression model. DTAC was positively related to individual dietary antioxidants (polyphenols, antioxidant vitamins and minerals). Reduced DTAC may be considered as an additional risk factor for the development of diabetes. Therefore, dietary recommendations for prevention and therapy of diabetes should take into account the high DTAC. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Interleukins in adipose tissue: Keeping the balance; The role of the immune system is to defend the host and preserve the functionality in response to stress. This function is not limited to infection or injury as it also plays a role in the response to overnutrition. Indeed, low-grade chronic activation of the immune system associated with overnutrition may be deleterious, contributing importantly to diabetes and long-term complications, such as cardiovascular disorders. Increasing evidence shows that adipose tissue participates in the obesity-related inflammatory response and that interleukins are one of the key players, either as a pro-inflammatory response to the metabolic dysregulation or to restore homeostasis. The crosstalk between adipocytes and immune cells through some important interleukins and their role in metabolic disruption is the topic of this review. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
The clock diet: a practical nutritional guide to manage obesity through chrononutrition; Chronobiology studies the biological rhythms or circadian cycles of living organisms and their adaptation to external changes. Biological rhythms can affect hormone production cycles such as sleep/wake, and nutrition/fasting, but these factors can also alter the circadian rhythm (CR). In recent years, numerous studies have highlighted how feeding times and frequency can influence biological rhythms. Additionally, individuals’ chronotype, working shifts, and food intake can make a deep impact on people’s tendency to develop obesity and metabolic diseases. In this context, a single food and a specific combination of these, can also affect the CR and fasting cycle and consequently body weight and viceversa. The purpose of the review is to propose practical nutritional recommendations to help in resynchronizing the circadian rhythm as a tool in weight control. (Cite this article as: Barrea L, Frias-Toral E, Aprano S, Castellucci B, Pugliese G, Rodriguez-Veintimilla D, et al. The clock diet: a practical nutritional guide to manage obesity through chrononutrition. Minerva Med 2022;113:172-88. DOI: 10.23736/ S0026-4806.21.07207-4) © 2021 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA
Association Between Dietary Zinc Intake and Metabolic Syndrome. A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Background: Epidemiological studies have investigated the association between dietary zinc intake and metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, their results are conflicting. This meta-analysis was therefore employed to investigate the associations further. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was employed by using the electronic database of PubMed, Web of Science, and Embase up to November 2021. The pooled relative risk (RR) of MetS for the highest vs. lowest dietary zinc intake category, and the weighted mean difference (WMD) of dietary zinc intake for MetS vs. control subjects as well as their corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Results: A total of 13 observational studies (18,073 participants) were identified in this meta-analysis. The overall multi-variable adjusted RR demonstrated that the dietary zinc intake was inversely associated with MetS (RR = 0.75, 95%CI: 0.61 to 0.93; P = 0.009). The subgroup analysis confirmed such findings in cross-sectional (RR = 0.70, 95%CI: 0.55 to 0.87; P = 0.002), NCEP-ATP III (RR = 0.64, 95%CI: 0.48 to 0.84; P = 0.002), adult (RR = 0.77, 95%CI: 0.62 to 0.96; P = 0.02), dietary recall method (RR = 0.70, 95%CI: 0.55 to 0.87; P = 0.002), and >500 sample-sized study (RR = 0.79, 95%CI: 0.64 to 0.99; P = 0.002), respectively. On the other hand, the overall combined WMD showed that the dietary zinc intake in MetS was also lower than that in control subjects (WMD = −0.21, 95%CI: −0.42 to 0.00; P = 0.05). Conclusions: Our results suggest that the dietary zinc intake is negatively associated with MetS. However, due to the limitation of available evidence. More well-designed prospective cohort studies are still needed. Copyright © 2022 Ding, Liu, Liu, Guo, Liang and Zhang.
Therapeutic Potential of Seaweed‐Derived Bioactive Compounds for Cardiovascular Disease Treatment; Cardiovascular diseases are closely related to hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obe-sity, and hyperlipidemia. Many studies have reported that an unhealthy diet and sedentary lifestyle are critical factors that enhance these diseases. Recently, many bioactive compounds isolated from marine seaweeds have been studied for their benefits in improving human health. In particular, several unique bioactive metabolites such as polyphenols, polysaccharides, peptides, carotene, and sterol are the most effective components responsible for these activities. This review summarizes the current in vitro, in vivo, and clinical studies related to the protective effects of bioactive compounds isolated from seaweeds against cardiovascular disorders, including anti‐diabetic, anti‐hy-pertensive, anti‐hyperlipidemia, and anti‐obesity effects. Therefore, this present review summarizes these concepts and provides a basis for further in‐depth research. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Role of Extracellular Trap Release During Bacterial and Viral Infection; Neutrophils are innate immune cells that play an essential role during the clearance of pathogens that can release chromatin structures coated by several cytoplasmatic and granular antibacterial proteins, called neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). These supra-molecular structures are produced to kill or immobilize several types of microorganisms, including bacteria and viruses. The contribution of the NET release process (or NETosis) to acute inflammation or the prevention of pathogen spreading depends on the specific microorganism involved in triggering this response. Furthermore, studies highlight the role of innate cells different from neutrophils in triggering the release of extracellular traps during bacterial infection. This review summarizes the contribution of NETs during bacterial and viral infections, explaining the molecular mechanisms involved in their formation and the relationship with different components of such pathogens. Copyright © 2022 Schultz, Acevedo, Kalergis and Bueno.
Homalium zeylanicum attenuates streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemia and cellular stress in experimental rats via attenuation of oxidative stress imparts inflammation; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Homalium zeylanicum (Gardner) Benth (Salicaceae) leaves are being used as folklore medicine to treat diabetes by the local folk of Andhra Pradesh, India. The medicinal claim of this plant with hypoglycaemic effects was initially studied by the authors. Results demonstrated the important antioxidant activities of the hydroalcohol fraction of leaves of H. zeylanicum leaves (HAHZL) were positively correlated with phenols and flavonoids contents. Aim of the study: Based on the previous findings, additional research is needed to examine the efficacy of using HAHZL to treat hyperglycemia. We therefore investigated in vitro and in vivo glycemic response of HAHZL, and evaluation of possible mechanism of bioactive molecules in mitigating streptozotocin-induced cellular stress in experimental rats via attenuation of oxidative stress imparts inflammation. Methods: GC-MS/MS analysis of HAHZL was carried out to identify bioactive constituents. In vitro antidiabetic (α-glucosidase, α-amylase) and anti-inflammatory activities were investigated. HFD/low-STZ-prompted diabetic Wistar rats were administered with HAHZL (300 and 400 mg/kg; oral) for 28 days. Blood serum, oxidative stress, inflammation, DNA damage, and antidiabetic markers of pancreas and liver were determined. Histopathological studies of liver and pancreas were performed to assess the protective role of HAHZL. Results: GC-MS/MS study revealed 7 bioactive compounds e.g., Phenol, 4-ethenyl-, acetate (28.68%), hydroquinone (9.10%), n-hexadecanoic acid (0.55%), phytol (0.57%), arbutin (17.65%), Vitamin E (1.04%), β-Sitosterol (1.54%) which possess antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic activities. HAHZL showed significant in vitro glycemic response as evidenced by the inhibition of α-amylase, and α-glucosidase activities. Lineweaver-Burk plot revealed that HAHZL exhibited competitive and mixed competitive inhibition towards α-amylase and α-glucosidase, respectively. HAHZL at 400 mg/kg modulated the pathophysiology associated with HFD/STZ-induced type2 diabetes mellitus and significantly (p < 0.001) improved antihyperglycemic (SG, SI, HOMA-IR, and HbA1C), antidyslipidemic (TC, HDL-C, LDL-C, and TG), antioxidative (MDA, SOD, CAT, GSH, and 8-OHdG) and anti-inflammatory (TNF-α, and CRP) markers in serum, pancreas and liver. In vitro and in vivo test results were corroborated by the improvement of pancreatic and hepatic tissue architecture in diabetic rats. Conclusion: HAHZL bearing bioactive components phenol, 4-ethenyl-,acetate, hydroquinone, n-hexadecanoic acid, arbutin, phytol, vitamin E and β-sitosterol balanced glycemic level by normalising the levels of glycaemic indices, lipid profile, pancreas and liver functional markers in STZ-induced T2DM rats. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: An Evolutionary Adaptation to Lifestyle and the Environment; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly recognized as a complex metabolic disorder that manifests in genetically susceptible women following a range of negative exposures to nutritional and environmental factors related to contemporary lifestyle. The hypothesis that PCOS phenotypes are derived from a mismatch between ancient genetic survival mechanisms and modern lifestyle practices is supported by a diversity of research findings. The proposed evolutionary model of the pathogenesis of PCOS incorporates evidence related to evolutionary theory, genetic studies, in utero developmental epigenetic programming, transgenerational inheritance, metabolic features including insulin resistance, obesity and the apparent paradox of lean phenotypes, reproductive effects and subfertility, the impact of the microbiome and dysbiosis, endocrine-disrupting chemical exposure, and the influence of lifestyle factors such as poor-quality diet and physical inactivity. Based on these premises, the diverse lines of research are synthesized into a composite evolutionary model of the pathogenesis of PCOS. It is hoped that this model will assist clinicians and patients to understand the importance of lifestyle interventions in the prevention and management of PCOS and provide a conceptual framework for future research. It is appreciated that this theory represents a synthesis of the current evidence and that it is expected to evolve and change over time. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The evaluation of serum Adropin and Lipocalin levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Purpose: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is related to metabolic diseases such as endothelial dysfunction, systemic inflammation, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Adropin is a peptide secretion that positively affects glucose homeostasis and hepatic steatosis in patients with PCOS. Lipocalin-2 mediates obesity, insulin resistance, and apoptosis induced by IL-3. The levels of adropin and lipocalin-2 in PCOS patients were studied in this study. Materials and methods: Women with PCOS (n=37) and healthy controls (n=34) were assessed in this observational and cross-sectional study. Anthropometric measurements, demographic data, metabolic and hormonal profiles, Adropin and Lipocalin-2 levels were measured in both groups. Results: In the study it was determined that in PCOS group Adropin and Lipocalin-2 levels were significantly reduced. LDL-C cholesterol, Total cholesterol, Total testosterone, LH, FAI, Triglyceride and LH/FSH values and hirsutism score were considerably lower in the control group than the PCOS group. Conclusion: The fact that adropin levels were significantly reduced in PCOS patients who had not yet developed insulin resistance or who could not be detected using existing methods suggests that adropin changes in PCOS are insulin independent. Low Lipocalin-2 levels in patients with PCOS suggest that this cannot be blamed for insulin receptor dysfunction secondary to apoptosis in PCOS. © 2022, Pamukkale University. All rights reserved.
Nuclear Receptors in Pregnancy and Outcomes: Clinical Perspective; Pregnancy is characterised by profound hormonal and metabolic changes in the mother. Both oestrogen and progesterone, along with their respective nuclear receptors, have an important role in maintaining a healthy pregnancy. Equally, other nuclear receptors such as LXR, FXR and the PPARs play important roles in the gradual alterations in metabolism that ensure survival of mother and fetus. Disruptions in nuclear receptor signalling can result in pregnancy disorders such as gestational diabetes mellitus, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm labour, all of which have both immediate and long-term implications for maternal and fetal health. By reviewing data from human studies and animal models, this chapter will describe the contribution of nuclear receptors to normal pregnancy, their role in gestational disorders and their potential as therapeutic targets. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Developmental toxicant exposures and sex-specific effects on epigenetic programming and cardiovascular health across generations; Despite substantial strides in diagnosis and treatment, cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) continue to represent the leading cause of death in the USA and around the world, resulting in significant morbidity and loss of productive years of life. It is increasingly evident that environmental exposures during early development can influence CVD risk across the life course. CVDs exhibit marked sexual dimorphism, but how sex interacts with environmental exposures to affect cardiovascular health is a critical and understudied area of environmental health. Emerging evidence suggests that developmental exposures may have multi- and transgenerational effects on cardiovascular health, with potential sex differences; however, further research in this important area is urgently needed. Lead (Pb), phthalate plasticizers, and perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are ubiquitous environmental contaminants with numerous adverse human health effects. Notably, recent evidence suggests that developmental exposure to each of these toxicants has sex-specific effects on cardiovascular outcomes, but the underlying mechanisms, and their effects on future generations, require further investigation. This review article will highlight the role for the developmental environment in influencing cardiovascular health across generations, with a particular emphasis on sex differences and epigenetic mechanisms. In particular, we will focus on the current evidence for adverse multi and transgenerational effects of developmental exposures to Pb, phthalates, and PFAS and highlight areas where further research is needed. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press.
Intestinal Microbiota Modulation for Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Prevention; Over the last decade, the use of probiotics in the treatment of different metabolic disorders especially diabetes has spectacularly improved with special note on the beneficial role of gut microbial community that resides inside us. Probiotics are beneficial constituents of functional foods. Now, they are recognised as nutraceuticals that may improve the intestinal microbial ecology and body’s metabolism. The main intent of present chapter is to accumulate and give mechanistic exploration of beneficial effects of probiotics on diabetes mellitus (as main metabolic diseases in various disease models). Human and animals’ studies showed that selection of probiotics has advantageous in DM patients with obesity by distressing the BMI and fat ratio. Probiotics also had a positive impact on insulin receptor substrate (IRS), downregulation of the cell adhesion molecule-1, whereas synbiotic decreases the insulin resistance and lipid concentration in plasma. Furthermore, probiotics also enhance the carbohydrate metabolic pathway, regulate fasting blood sugar level, insulin sensitivity, improve antioxidative potential, and distress the metabolic stress in diabetic patients. This chapter elucidated that the oral consumption of probiotics helps in prevention and management of diabetes, supported with the various clinical and experimental reports. However, there is still a huge void for the investigation of these healthy dietary nutraceuticals known as probiotics as crucial modulators of metabolic disorders. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Allium cepa Juice Ameliorate Maternal Dexamethasone-induced Alteration in Lipid Profile and Oxidative Stress in the Liver of Male Offspring of Wistar Rats; Maternal glucocorticoid administration during lactation has an effect on metabolic imbalance. This study examines the effect of Allium cepa Lin on maternal dexamethasone-induced alteration in lipid profile and oxidative stress in the liver of the male offspring of Wistar rats. Twenty female Wistar rats were divided into four groups (n=5) during lactation. Group 1 was administered subcutaneously 0.05ml/kg/day normal saline from days 1-21. Group 2 was administered 30% onion mixed diet from lactation days 1-21. Group 3 was administered subcutaneously 100µg/kg/day dexamethasone from lactation days 1-21. Group 4 was administered subcutaneously 100µg/Kg/day dexamethasone (dex) for 21 days + 30% onion mixed diet throughout lactation. Results from this study showed that dexamethasone treatment during lactation significantly (p<0.05) reduced the body weight, HDL-cholesterol, hepatic catalase and SOD activities of the male offspring. There was also a significant (p<0.05) increase in hepatic MDA, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and TAG when compared with the control. Meanwhile maternal exposure to dexamethasone and 30% onion mixed diet significantly (p<0.05) raised the serum HDl-cholesterol level, Hepatic SOD and catalase activities. The serum LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol and TAG were reduced in the male offspring when compared with the dexamethasone-only treated group. Findings from this study suggest that maternal consumption of 30% onion mixed diet may ameliorate the metabolic alterations induced in the male offspring following maternal treatment with dexamethasone during lactation in Wistar rats. © 2022, Ibadan Biomedical Communications Group. All rights reserved.
Nutrigenomics of type 2 diabetes: Gene-diet interactions; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by insulin resistance and/or its deficiency, resulting in hyperglycemia. The resistance of insulin or its nonproduction by the islet β-cells results in an alternative energy release source and utilization involving the lipid and protein metabolic pathways at the chronic level. Diets rich in sugar and saturated fats elicit a condition termed glucolipotoxicity. Many of the effects of sugar and fats are mediated through transcriptional regulation of β-cells gene expression. Improving our understanding of how nutrigenomics modifies both adipokinins and β-cell functions will ameliorate diet-related polygenic diseases like T2DM, cancer, and others. The objective of the nutrigenomic approach in the management of T2DM is to optimize health through personalization of diet and provide appropriate and robust methods related to the complex relationship between nutritional molecules, genetic polymorphisms, and biological systems as a whole, in addition to other environmental influences such as diet, smoking, and the like. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
TGF-β-related Signaling Pathways in Pathogenesis of Diabetes and Prospect of Chinese Medicine Intervention：A Review; The incidence of diabetes has been on the rise as the result of lifestyle changes，especially the high-fat diet and reduced exercise. Thus，it has become a global public health problem and it is an urgent task to explore effective therapy. There has been an explosion of research on the relationship of transforming growth factor-β（TGF-β）signaling pathways with diabetes complications and tumors，but the role of the pathways in the occurrence and progression of diabetes remains unclear. TGF-β signaling pathways can be activated by many factors，directly or indirectly leading to the apoptosis of islet β cells and insulin resistance（IR），and thus they are expected to become new targets for the treatment of diabetes. TGF-β-related signaling pathways involve AMP-activated proteinkinase（AMPK）， protooncogene（c-Myc）， Ski-relatednovel protein N （SnoN）， Smad ubiquitination regulatory factor 1（Smurf1），miR-335-5p，and other signaling molecules. They participate in the occurrence and development of IR，apoptosis of islet β cells，insulin secretion disorder，fibrosis of adipocytes， and metabolic disorder of adipocytes，and inhibit the browning of white adipose tissue，playing an important part in the pathological process of human diabetes. According to traditional Chinese medicine （TCM）， the pathogenesis of diabetes is the deficiency of Qi and Yin，and the late stage is characterized by the syndrome of Qi deficiency，and Yang deficiency and blood stasis，which should be treated according to the principle of replenishing Qi and nourishing Yin，warming Yang and activating blood. It has been found that the efficacy of some Chinese medicinals and compound prescriptions on diabetes is closely related to the TGF-β signaling pathways. This paper reviews TGF-β-associated signaling pathways， elucidating the roles of them in pathogenesis of diabetes，and analyzes the relationship of TGF-β-associated signaling pathways with the effect of compound Chinese medicine prescriptions against diabetes. This study is expected to lay a theoretical basis for the research on the treatment diabetes. © 2022, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences Institute of Chinese Materia Medica. All rights reserved.
Hepatoprotective effect of combination of L-carnitine and magnesium-hydroxide in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease patients: a double-blinded randomized controlled pilot study; OBJECTIVE: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) still has no accepted pharmacological therapy. Even though monotherapy of L-carnitine or magnesium supplementation exhibits an essential beneficial role in NAFLD treatment, and despite that new NAFLD treatment strategies focus on combination therapies, the combination of L-carnitine with magnesium has not yet been examined in NAFLD patients. We aimed to assess the efficacy of L-carnitine in combination with magnesium in NAFLD patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Double-blinded, randomized controlled trial with 22 NAFLD participants who were randomized to either control group receiving placebo for the first 8 weeks and an additional 8 weeks with CIRRHOS product (2 gr L-carnitine and 150 mg magnesium) or treatment group receiving CIRRHOS product for 16 weeks. Weight, serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine transaminase (ALT) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were measured monthly. Lipid profile and serum insulin levels were monitored at baseline and at week 16 of treatment. Shear-wave elastography was used to evaluate liver stiffness (LS). RESULTS: While AST and ALT levels decreased progressively over 16 weeks of treatment in the treatment group, AST and ALT levels of the control group were increased modestly or unaffected. AST and ALT levels of the treatment group decreased by 25% (p=0.9) and 20% (p=0.1) respectively, compared to AST and ALT levels at baseline. However, serum CRP levels, insulin levels, lipid profile and LS were not affected by treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that L-carnitine with magnesium supplementation could be a potential therapy for NAFLD. However, further studies with a larger population and high-sensitivity diagnostic parameters for early stages of NAFLD are needed to elucidate L-carnitine and magnesium efficacy in NAFLD. © 2022 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF METFORMIN ON SERUM INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES, INSULIN RESISTANCE, LIPID METABOLISM AND RENAL INJURY IN MICE WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Objective: To explore the effect of metformin on inflammatory cytokines, insulin resistance, lipid metabolism and renal function injury in a mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Forty-five healthy female C57BL/6J mice were selected and randomly divided into three groups according to the random number table method: control group (no treatment, n=15), GDM group (induced GDM model, n=15) and intervention group (induced GDM model treated with metformin solution, n=15). The mice in the control and GDM groups were fed with PBS solution while the intervention group was treated with metformin until the 17th day of pregnancy. The pregnant mice were placed in a metabolic cage to collect urine, and cardiac blood was collected after the mice were sacrificed under anaesthesia. The serum inflammatory cytokines [interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α)], β2-microglobulin (β2-MG), fasting insulin and urinary microprotein level in all mice of each group were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). In addition, the blood samples from pregnant mice in each group were dropped on blood glucose test strips to observe and record fasting blood glucose (FBG) and the insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) was calculated using the HOMA homeostasis model. Moreover, the levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were measured with a fully automatic analyser. Results: Compared with the control group, serum IL-6, TNF-α, FBG, fasting serum insulin (FINS), HOMA-IR, TC, TG, LDL, urinary microprotein and serum β2-MG levels were significantly increased and HDL levels were significantly decreased in the GDM group (P<0.05), and the differences in IL-6, TNF-α, FBG, FINS, HOMA-IR, TC, TG, LDL, urinary microprotein and serum β2-MG levels were not statistically significant between the control and intervention groups (P>0.05). In the intervention group, the levels of serum IL-6, TNF-α, FBG, FINS, TC, TG, LDL, urinary microprotein and serum β2-MG significantly decreased, while the level of HDL significantly increased (P<0.05), compared to the GDM group. Conclusion: Metformin can reduce the level of serum inflammatory factors, reverse the increase in insulin resistance and improve the abnormality of lipid metabolism and renal function in GDM mice. © 2022 A. CARBONE Editore. All rights reserved.
Mechanisms of Beneficial Effects of Probiotics in Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes is an ailment of multifactorial origin where metabolic, genetic, and environmental factors have a dominant role to play. The ever-increasing prevalence and complications associated with diabetes mellitus have expanded the research domain and have encouraged the out of the box thinking. In this direction the nutritional physiology and gastrointestinal tract associated control of biological mechanisms has gained much attention. The human gastrointestinal tract contains more than one thousand microorganisms that majorly include bacteria belonging to the bacteroidetes phyla. The intestinal microbial arrangement has found close association with several pathologies including peptic ulcer, inflammatory bowel diseases, asthma, cardiovascular complications, and endocrinal abnormalities including diabetes and dyslipidemia. The gut microbiota constitutes a dynamic environmental aspect that modulates the multifaceted network between genetic and environmental interfaces and influences the pathological progression of diabetes mellitus. The altered state of intestinal microbiota is characterized by increased intestinal permeability, decreased mucosal defense and reduction in tight junction proteins that favors translocation of bacterial lipopolysaccharides and inflammatory mediators into systemic circulation leading to altered immune and inflammatory responses detrimental for diabetes. The composition, properties, and integrity of microbiota may be influenced by probiotics. Probiotics are animate microbes that when used in appropriate quantities are well documented for their health promoting profits. Probiotics are investigated for a broad range of malfunctions including obesity, allergy, cardiovascular diseases, hepatitis, and cancer. Although use of probiotics offers a viable and dynamic approach to target molecule pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus (both type 1 and type 2) yet the major concerns include origin, safety, diagnostic identification, absence of genes that may be responsible for antibiotic resistance. The present work gives an insight into the molecular mechanism of probiotics in diabetes and includes reduction of oxidative stress, immunomodulation, improvement in absorption of antioxidants, anti-inflammatory action, and intervention in insulin resistance. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Impact of Phytochemicals on PPAR Receptors: Implications for Disease Treatments; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are members of the ligand-dependent nuclear receptor family. PPARs have attracted wide attention as pharmacologic mediators to manage multiple diseases and their underlying signaling targets. They mediate a broad range of specific biological activities and multiple organ toxicity, including cellular differentiation, metabolic syndrome, cancer, atherosclerosis, neurodegeneration, cardiovascular diseases, and inflammation related to their up/downstream signaling pathways. Consequently, several types of selective PPAR ligands, such as fibrates and thiazolidinediones (TZDs), have been approved as their pharmacological agonists. Despite these advances, the use of PPAR agonists is known to cause adverse effects in various systems. Conversely, some naturally occurring PPAR agonists, including polyunsaturated fatty acids and natural endogenous PPAR agonists curcumin and resveratrol, have been introduced as safe agonists as a result of their clinical evidence or preclinical experiments. This review focuses on research on plant-derived active ingredients (natural phytochemicals) as potential safe and promising PPAR agonists. Moreover, it provides a comprehensive review and critique of the role of phytochemicals in PPARs-related diseases and provides an understanding of phytochemical-mediated PPAR-dependent and -independent cascades. The findings of this research will help to define the functions of phytochemicals as potent PPAR pharmacological agonists in underlying disease mechanisms and their related complications.  © 2022 Ayesheh Enayati et al.
Rodents on a high-fat diet born to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit sex-specific lipidomic changes in reproductive organs; Maternal gestatonal diabetes mellitus (GDM) and offspring high-fat diet (HFD) have been shown to have sex-specific detrimental effects on the health of the offspring. Maternal GDM combined with an offspring HFD alters the lipi-domic profiles of offspring reproductive organs with sex hormones and increases insulin signaling, resulting in offspring obesity and diabetes. The pre-pregnancy maternal GDM mice model is established by feeding maternal C57BL/6 mice and their offspring are fed with either a HFD or a low-fat diet (LFD). Testis, ovary and liver are collected from offspring at 20 weeks of age. The lipidomic profiles of the testis and ovary are characterized using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Male offspring following a HFD have elevated body weight. In reproductive organs and hormones, male offspring from GDM mothers have decreased testes weights and testosterone levels, while female offspring from GDM mothers show increased ovary weights and estrogen levels. Maternal GDM aggravates the effects of an offspring HFD in male offspring on the AKT pathway, while increasing the risk of developing inflammation when expose to a HFD in female offspring liver. Testes are prone to the effect of maternal GDM, whereas ovarian metabolite profiles are upregulated in maternal GDM and downregulated in offspring following an HFD. Maternal GDM and an offspring HFD have different metabolic effects on offspring reproductive organs, and PUFAs may protect against detrimental outcomes in the offspring, such as obesity and diabetes. © The Author(s) 2022.
Programming of Cardiovascular Disease and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Role of Maternal Nutrition; It has long been understood that most of complex diseases such as diabetes are caused by a combination of genetic, environmental and lifestyle components. More recently, emerging epidemiological evidence indicates that not only does an individual's environment influence their own metabolism, but their prenatal dietary experience and environment may also contribute to their risk of metabolic disease. This early life influence on non-communicable disease in later life has been termed fetal programming. Maternal nutritional status has been proposed to be the major programming influence on the developing fetus. Here, we review the evidence that maternal hyperlipidemia influences metabolic phenotype and the progression of cardiovascular disease and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring in mammals. We also summarize the evidence supporting a role for epigenetics in fetal programming. © 2022 Nutrition Society in Taipei. All rights reserved.
Potentilla bifurca flavonoids effectively improve insulin resistance; OBJECTIVE: The goal of this paper is to investigate the use of Potentilla bifurca in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We analyzed the improvement effect of 3T3-L1 adipocytes under insulin resistance (IR) with the compounds of Potentilla bifurca. RESULTS: The Potentilla bifurca can significantly improve the glycolipid metabolism disorder in 3T3-L1 adipocytes (the effect of MC compounds is very significant). It can improve insulin resistance by enhancing the glucose uptake of 3T3-L1 adipocytes, decreasing IL-6 content, and regulating the content of p-Akt/Akt, IKKβ, and p-NF-κBp65/NF-κBp65 in the IRS/PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. CONCLUSIONS: Studies have shown that Potentilla bifurca has the ability to regulate glucolipid metabolism and can be used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. © 2022 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Relationship between Abdominal Obesity and Insulin Resistance, Growth Hormone, and Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes; This experiment was designed to investigate the correlation between abdominal obesity and insulin resistance (IR), growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). To do this experiment, 200 patients with T2DM were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. They were divided into the control group (T2DM without abdominal obesity) and the observation group (T2DM combined with abdominal obesity) according to the diagnostic criteria of abdominal obesity. General data and biochemical indices were recorded from all patients. Results showed that 97 patients (48.50%, 97/200) with abdominal obesity were included in the observation group, and 103 patients (51.50%,103/200) without abdominal obesity were included in the control group. Meanwhile, the body weight, BMI, waist circumference and waist-to-hip ratio were higher in the observation group than in the control group (P<0.05). Meanwhile, the visceral fat in the observation group, TC, and TG were higher (P<0.05) compared with the control group (Visceral Fat, 92.55±3.07 vs 87.63±3.14. TC, 5.14±0.48 vs 4.97±0.51), and TG,1.89±0.13 vs 1.53±0.16). In addition, the levels of FBG, FINS and HOMA-IR were higher (P<0.05) in the observation group than those in the control group (FBG, 13.06± 2.17 vs 10.62±2.35. FINS, 16.25±2.14 vs 13.33±3.21. HOMA-IR, 9.43±1.90 vs 6.29±2.10). However, the levels of GH and IGF-1 were lower (P<0.05) in the observation group than those in the control group (GH, 1.16±0.08 vs 1.24±0.11. IGF-1, 125.14 11.46 vs 135.71±12.33). Spearman's correlation analysis showed that abdominal obesity was positively correlated with IR (R=0.372, P=0.000) in patients with T2DM, while negatively correlated with GH (R=-0.271, P=0.000) and IGF-1(R=-0.219, P=0.000) levels. In conclusion, abdominal obesity in patients with T2DM is positively associated with IR, and negatively correlated with GH and IGF-1 levels. Thus, improvement of IR as well as regulating the levels of growth hormone and IGF-1 might play crucial roles in the early prevention and efficient clinical treatment of T2DM with abdominal obesity patients. Copyright: © 2022 by the C.M.B. Association. All rights reserved.
The Relationship Between Adherence to a Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension Diet with Oxidative Stress and Antioxidant Capacity in Young Women; Objective: The dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet is a healthy dietary pattern that may have advantageous effects on oxidative stress and antioxidant status. This study evaluated the relationship between adherence to the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet with total antioxi-dant capacity and markers of oxidative stress in healthy young women. Methods: In this study, 155 young girls were included. A validated food frequency questionnaire was employed to explore the dietary intake of participants. The total antioxidant capacity and free radical scavenging activity of serum and urine were quantified using the ferric reducing/antioxidant power and α, α-diphenyl-β-picrylhydrazyl methods, respectively. Malondialdehyde was measured through the formation of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances. A colorimetric assay was used to quantify pro-oxidant antioxidant balance. Results: Individuals with the greatest adherence to dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet consumed more fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, nuts, legumes, and seeds and lower intake of sugar-sweetened beverages and sodium compared to those with the lowest adherence. Women with the greatest adherence to the dietary approaches to stop hypertension style diet (those in the third tertile) were more likely to have a lower urinary ferric reducing/antioxidant power, α, α-diphenyl-β-picrylhydrazyl, and malondialdehyde than those in the first tertile (P <.05). In logistic regression, a higher adherence to a dietary approaches to stop hypertension pattern was associated with lower levels of urinary ferric reducing/antioxidant power (odds ratio = 0.82; 95% CI: 0.71-0.94, P =.005), urinary α, α-diphenyl-β-picrylhydrazyl (odds ratio = 0.47; 95% CI: 0.28-0.78, P =.003), and urinary malondialdehyde (odds ratio = 0.13; 95% CI: 0.02-0.81, P =.029). Conclusion: Adherence to the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet was related to better oxidative stress and antioxidant capacities in healthy young girls of an Iranian population. © Author(s).
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Steatohepatitis; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease characterized by excessive cytoplasmic accumulation of triglycerides in hepatocytes, occurring in the absence of excessive alcohol consumption, and currently affects 25%–30% of the global population. NAFLD is strongly associated with the metabolic syndrome and so commonly develops in patients exhibiting comorbidities such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. Insulin resistance and lipotoxicity are strong drivers of disease, leading to hepatic inflammation and fibrosis that progresses to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Disease severity is influenced by an individual’s polygenic background with carriage of specific genetic modifiers determining susceptibility to NAFLD and influencing how the disease progresses. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Heavy metals as risk factors for human diseases – a Bayesian network approach; Modern industrial agricultural processes expose human beings to multifactorial environmental pollution including heightened levels of heavy metals. The effects of acute heavy metal exposures at toxic levels are usually known; they are tested for and treated promptly. The effects of low/moderate-level chronic heavy metal exposures are less known as they may be subclinical, and pathogenic effects may only manifest clinically over time under the disguise of a diagnosable disease or miscellaneous symptoms attributed to aging. Consequently, the health impact of low-moderate heavy metal exposure is unlikely to be identified. Furthermore, established heavy metal safety levels often fail to recognize the potential toxic effects on humans. We report in this review what is known about the sub-chronic and chronic effects of exposure to heavy metals, particularly lead, mercury, cadmium, arsenic, and nickel, and we highlight their possible effects in the brain, cardiovascular and endocrine-metabolic systems, and on reproduction. © 2022 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
INVESTIGATION OF 2548G>A LEPTINE GENE POLYMORPHIC VARIANT IMPACT ON RISK OF NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS; Background. It is known that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in adipokine genes can influence the development of pathological conditions associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and their complications. In this study, we aimed to investigate the link between common -2548G > A (rs7799039) promoter variant of the human leptin gene (LEP) with leptin levels in type 2 diabetes patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver diseasese. Materials and methods. 61 patients with T2D aged from 28 to 80 years old (34 men / 27 women, age 56.40 ± 0.62 yrs, diabetes duration 7.72 ± 0.45 yrs, BMI 32.20 ± 0.43 kg/m2, WHR 1,00 ± 0,01, HbA1c 7.80 ± 0.19 %) with varying degrees of glycemic control and overweight, without renal insufficiency and 51 sex and agematch control subjects were examined. Genotyping according to SNP LEP 2548G > A was performed using the polymerase chain reaction method with appropriate primers and HhaI endonuclease. Results. In our study of T2DM patients with NAFLD compared to T2D patients without NAFLD features of dyslipidemia i.e. significant increase in triglycerides (p < 0,001), LDL cholesterol (p < 0,1), lower HDL cholesterol (p < 0.001) were found. Stratification of the diabetic patients in the presence and absence of NAFLD showed more pronounced increase in circulating leptin levels in the presence of NAFLD (84.73 ± 13.80 vs. 52.57 ± 6.86 µg/L, respectively), (p < 0.01), which justifies the feasibility of using this indicator for further needs as a diagnostic parameter of the above complication. In our study in GG carriers genotype of the G2548A LEP gene polymorphic locus type 2 diabetes patients with NAFLD the highest level of leptin was observed (159.15 µg/L), compared to other genotypes. Thus, it can be assumed that the G allele is associated with increased leptin levels in the blood of patients with NAFLD. This study showed that women with type 2 diabetes mellitus carrying the GG genotype with the G-2458A polymorphic variant of the LEP gene have 3.4 times higher leptin levels than men carrying the same genotype (p < 0.03). Conclusions. The data obtained regarding the 2548G > A polymorphic variant of the LEP gene can be used as a basis for personalized prevention and the formation of risk groups for the development of NAFLD. © 2022 National Academy of Medical Science and Ministry of Health of Ukraine. All rights reserved.
Microalgal bioactive components as antiinflammatory and antioxidant agents for health promotion; The increasing knowledge on inflammation process has let to develop strategies to prevent or palliate an uncontrolled immune response, which is characteristic of many diseases with an inflammatory component. Nutrition plays a pivotal role in physiological responses and has been shown to modulate the immune system. In this context, functional foods and nutraceuticals that claim healthy benefits upon ingestion has emerged in the last decades. Within this sector, microalgae are a renewable resource that bring us benefits and advances due to their basic and cheap requirements and the capacity to modulate their metabolism. In this regard, a higher diversity of molecules from microalgae can be found in comparison with terrestrial vegetables, which have been used as a source of bioactive compounds. In this way, the scientific community is currently working to use microalgae as an alternative source of these kind of components, including antioxidant and antiinflammatory agents, which may be used on a large scale by food, nutraceutical, or pharmacological industries to health promotion. The main microalgal constituents are polyunsaturated fatty acids, carotenoids, proteins, carbohydrates and vitamins, among others, which are being included in the dietary formulations in order to take advantage of their declared bioactivities. In this chapter, a summary of the main components of microalgae, their bioactivities, and applications is described. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Programming of early aging; The emergence of the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis, also known as fetal programming or the Barker hypothesis, was derived from the observed long-term effects on adult health from a low birth weight. The first studies pointing at relationships between early life experience and adult health were presented by Forsdahl and Wadsworth. However, it was with Barker’s works that the scientific community gained awareness about the contribution of the gestational environment to the long-term health of the offspring. These and other more recent studies revealed a strong relationship between fetal growth restriction and adult sequelae, demonstrating that adults who were small at birth, but not premature, were at an increased risk for coronary heart disease. Association of hypertension to health status at birth was also corroborated by an epidemiological study using a Finish cohort of approximately 6000 subjects. During the Dutch famine, from 1944 to 1945, investigators could determine the impact of undernutrition in early, mid or late gestation on birth weight. Babies exposed to famine only during early gestation still presented a normal birth weight, but an augmented incidence of coronary heart and renal diseases in later life compared with non-exposed individuals. Another interesting finding was the existence of a conditional adaptive response by the fetus, which confers a survival advantage when the postnatal diet remains suboptimal, but becomes harmful when postnatal nutrition is adequate or in excess. In agreement with epidemiological human observations, studies in rodents, sheep, and non-human primates report accelerated F1 aging and early disease development induced by maternal nutrition during pregnancy. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The maze runner: Navigating through basic kinetics to AI models of human metabolism pathology; Common human metabolic pathologies such as obesity and diabetes are extremely widespread non-infectious diseases. Even though they are thoroughly researched, there are still some unmet clinical needs and both physicians and clinical researchers are desperately looking for answers. Due to recent development of artificial intelligence (AI) technologies and collected big data of clinical cases there is a current trend in using solely advanced AI methods in theoretical modeling, drug development and model parameter estimation. However, not an every aspect and a process involved in metabolic pathologies are covered by a good quality clinical data of a big volume. It poses certain challenges to application of AI methods to such processes and traditional kinetics approaches return to the forefront. It is especially relevant when some structural abnormality of cell topology rather than a gene dysfunction appears to be a possible reason of a condition. In this review, we discuss various approaches to human metabolism disorders modeling and their relevance in different situations. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.. All rights reserved.
Network Pharmacology and Transcriptomics Reveal the Mechanism of GuaLouQuMaiWan in Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes and Its Active Small Molecular Compound; The main pathophysiological abnormalities in type 2 diabetes (T2D) include pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. Due to hyperglycemia, patients receive long-term treatment. However, side effects and drug tolerance usually lead to treatment failure. GuaLouQuMaiWan (GLQMW), a common traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) prescription, has positive effects on controlling blood sugar and improving quality of life, but the mechanism is still unclear. To decipher their molecular mechanisms, we used a novel computational systems pharmacology-based approach consisting of bioinformatics analysis, network pharmacology, and drug similarity comparison. We divided the participants into nondisease (ND), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and type 2 diabetes groups according to the WHO's recommendations for diabetes. By analyzing the gene expression profile of the ND-IGT-T2D (ND to IGT to T2D) process, we found that the function of downregulated genes in the whole process was mainly related to insulin secretion, while the upregulated genes were related to inflammation. Furthermore, other genes in the ND-IGT (ND to IGT) process are mainly related to inflammation and lipid metabolic disorders. We speculate that 17 genes with a consistent trend may play a key role in the process of ND-IGT-T2D. We further performed target prediction for 50 compounds in GLQMW that met the screening criteria and intersected the differentially expressed genes of the T2D process with the compounds of GLQMW; a total of 18 proteins proved potential targets for GLQMW. Among these, RBP4 is considerably related to insulin resistance. GO/KEGG enrichment analyses of the target genes of GLQMW showed enrichment in inflammation- and T2D therapy-related pathways. Based on the RDKit tool and the DrugBank database, we speculate that (-)-taxifolin, dialoside A_qt, spinasterol, isofucosterol, and 11,14-eicosadienoic acid can be used as potential drugs for T2D via molecular docking and drug similarity comparison. © 2022 Jiahao Feng et al.
Role of Probiotics in Diabetes Control; Diabetes mellitus, a metabolic disorder recognized by high blood glucose, is caused by insufficient production of insulin and/or insulin resistance. A natural and safe solution is needed for controlling the vast increase in the prevalence of this disorder. Intestinal microbiota can affect the host pro-inflammatory status, insulin resistance, and body weight. Moderating gut microbiota by the use of prebiotics, probiotics, and antibiotics can provide positive effects on insulin resistance and glucose metabolism. The live microorganisms present in probiotics provide beneficial effects on the host health. This chapter highlights the current evidences in probiotic effectiveness and future prospects for exploring probiotic therapy in the prevention and control of diabetes. Probiotics can improve insulin sensitivity and reduce autoimmune responses through modulating intestinal microbiota and then decreasing oxidative stress and inflammatory reactions. Probiotics affect the host by modulating intestinal permeability and mucosal immune response, managing eating behaviors by appetite-regulating hormones, and regulating inflammatory-associated disorders. Moreover, probiotics control host metabolism by affecting food intake through biochemically converting molecules derived from the host or from gut microbes themselves. Previous evidences support the hypothesis that the modulation of the gut microbiota by probiotics could be effective in the management of several types of diabetes. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022, corrected publication 2022.
Probiotics Bring New Hope for Atherosclerosis Prevention and Treatment; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of human mortality and morbidity worldwide. Atherosclerosis (AS) is the underlying pathological responsible in most acute and severe cardiovascular diseases including myocardial infarction and stroke. However, current drugs applied to the treatment of AS are not clinically effective, and there is a large residual risk of cardiovascular disease and multiple side effects. Increasing evidence supports a close relationship between microorganisms and the incidence of AS. Recent data have shown that probiotics can improve multiple key factors involved in the development and progression of AS, including cholesterol metabolism imbalance, endothelial dysfunction, proinflammatory factor production, macrophage polarization, intestinal flora disturbance, and infection with pathogenic microorganisms, and therefore probiotics have attracted great interest as a novel potential "medicine". This review is aimed at summarizing the effects of probiotics on various influencing factors, and providing valuable insights in the search for early prevention and potential therapeutic strategies for AS.  © 2022 Taiyu Zhai et al.
Probiotics for diabetes mellitus: prevention and treatment; Diabetes is a chronic condition characterized by a hyperglycemia increasing exponentially and the direct cause of more than 1.5 million deaths worldwide. The increase interest in the study of the gut microbiome within the context of diabetes has paved the way for the development and use of probiotics for the different types of diabetes: type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and other specific types of diabetes. The use of probiotics is effective for decreasing hyperglycemia, particularly fasting blood glucose levels and HbA1c, but also HOMA-IR with conventional probiotics. However, the results more promising nowadays belong from the next generation probiotics, with the case of Akkermansia muciniphila as the main example. Thus, we will discuss the knowledge about the use of probiotics in the prevention and management of the different types of diabetes, with a special interest on the development of this field from the knowledge collected from gut microbiome studies. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Plasma Fatty Acids, Not Dietary Fatty Acids, Associated with Obesity in Four Ethnic Minority Groups Unique to Southwest China: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background: Dietary fatty acids (DFAs) and plasma fatty acids (PFAs) are linked to obesity. However, whether this association exists among ethnic minorities remains lacking. The present cross-sectional study was designed to investigate the correlation between DFAs, PFAs and obesity in four ethnic minority groups to Southwest China. Methods: A total of 166 obese people, and 166 normal-BMI subjects matched based on their age-, sex-, and ethnicity-were recruited from four different ethnic minority groups. DFAs were obtained through food frequency questionnaires. PFAs were assayed by GC/MS method. Binary and multiple regression analyses were performed to evaluate the correlation among DFAs, PFAs and obesity. Canonical correlation analysis (CCA) was conducted to assess the relationship between DFAs and PFAs. Results: FAs were found to be highest in the Naxi people and lowest in the Hani people. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that plasma C16:0 (OR = 1.310; 95% CI, 1.028–1.669) in the Hani people; plasma C20:3 n-6 (OR = 6.250; 95% CI, 1.224– 31.927) and dietary C20:1 (OR = 9.231; 95% CI, 1.253–68.016) in the Wa people; plasma C18:0 (OR = 0.788; 95% CI, 0.681– 0.912) in the Naxi people were seen to be independent predictive factors for obesity. CCA showed that DFAs were positively correlated with PFAs in the Naxi (r: 0.676; P < 0.05) and Bulang people (r: 0.897; P < 0.05), but there was no correlation in the Hani and Wa people. Conclusion: In this study, PFAs but not DFAs were independently associated with obesity, and different among the four ethnic minorities. © 2022 Zhang et al.
Component-Effect Relationship between HPLC Fingerprints and Lipid-Lowering Activity of Buyang Huanwu Decoction; Buyang Huanwu Decoction (BHD) has lipid-lowering and antioxidant effects. In this study, HPLC was used to establish the fingerprint of extracts from different polar parts of BHD. Through the L02 cell lipid deposition model induced by oleic acid, extracts from different polar parts of BHD were administered for treatment. Oil red O staining, TG detection, and MDA detection were used to determine lipid deposition and antioxidant activity. The component-effect relationship is established by using grey relational analysis and PLSR analysis. The results showed that the extracts from different polar parts of BHD could reduce the levels of TG and MDA. The grey relational analysis showed that the peaks that contributed greatly to the reduction of TG and MDA were peaks 3, 16, 14, 10, 1, 15, 2, and 11, respectively. Peaks 1, 4, 9, 10, 14, 16, and 17 could reduce TG and MDA through PLSR analysis. According to the results of grey relational analysis and PLSR analysis, peaks 1, 10, 14, and 16 may have good lipid-lowering and antioxidant effects. This study provides a certain preliminary basis for follow-up research on lipid-lowering drugs.  © 2022 Lijing Li et al.
Designer Probiotics in Metabolic Disorders; Microbes play several vital physiological and metabolic functions in human body. It has been observed that alteration in human gut microbiota has resulted in various chronic and acute metabolic diseases such as obesity, hypertension, neurogenic diseases (Parkinson’s and Alzheimer), diabetes, etc. Hence, re-establishment of microbial population, with the help of commensal probiotic bacteria, to improve the gut dysbiosis, has always been the topic of interest. Currently, with the growing knowledge of synthetic biology, genetic engineering, metabolic engineering, and other advanced tools, researchers are attempting to design recombinant probiotic strains, which are capable of carrying therapeutic molecules to the target site. These designer probiotics will enhance the efficacy of the carried molecule without showing any side effects. However, currently, the consumer acceptance of such “Designer Probiotics” is very low. The current chapter envisages a brief introduction about designer probiotics, their developmental strategies, applications of designer probiotics in regulating metabolic diseases, and the challenges in the path of their development discussing examples of few designer probiotic strains. Overall, this chapter intends to provide insight towards the development of designer probiotics to improve the human health. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 Levels and Bone Mineral Density in Metabolically Healthy and Metabolically Unhealthy Obese Children; Objective: The harmful or beneficial effect of obesity on bone mineral density (BMD) remains controversial in children and adolescents. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a metabolic factor that plays a specific role in the regulation of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. However, the role of FGF21 in bone metabolism appears paradoxical and is complex. To determine whether serum FGF21 level was associated with BMD in obese children and adolescents. Methods: The study was conducted with the participation of children and adolescents aged 8-18 years. Ninety-eight obese children were included in the study group and 44 children were included in the control group. BMD, in addition to the routine obesity workup, which includes fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin levels, lipid profile, and liver enzymes; serum FGF21 levels have been analyzed. Results: The mean age of the obese group (n=98) was 13.34±2.24 years and the mean age of controls (n=44) was 13.48±2.87 years. Based on International Diabetes Federation criteria, 15 of 98 (15.3%) patients were metabolically unhealthy. FGF21 levels were 193.54±139.62 mg/dL in the obese group and 158.69±151.81 mg/dL in the control group (p=0.06). There was no difference between the FGF21 and BMD z-score values of girls and boys in the obese and control groups (p>0.05). Conclusion: BMD-z-score was increased in obese children compared to healthy control. Moreover, BMD-z-score tended to be higher when more metabolic risk factors were present. However, there was no significant relationship between FGF21 levels and BMD z-score values in obese children. © 2022 by Turkish Society for Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes.
Intervention Effects of Okra Extract on Brain-Gut Peptides and Intestinal Microorganisms in Sleep Deprivation Rats; Objective. Okra, possessing various bioactive components, is used to treat different diseases. This study sought to estimate the intervention effects of okra extract (OE) on brain-gut peptides (BGPs) and intestinal microorganisms in sleep deprivation (SD) rats. Methods. SD rat models were established using the modified multiple platform method and then treated with normal saline, diazepam tablets, or different doses of OE. Body weight and average daily water consumption of rats were recorded. Depressive behaviors of rats were assessed by the open field test and sucrose preference test. Serum levels of noradrenaline, melatonin, inflammatory factors (IL-1β/IL-6/TNF-α/IL-4/IL-10), and BGP indexes, including gastrin (GAS), motilin (MTL), 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), cholecystokinin (CCK), and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) were measured by ELISA. Additionally, the DNA relative contents of representative intestinal microorganisms in the collected rat feces were determined using RT-qPCR. Results. SD decreased body weight and average daily water consumption and induced depressive behaviors as well as stress and inflammatory responses in rats. SD rats exhibited lowered GAS, MTL, 5-HT, and VIP but elevated CCK and showed diminished DNA relative contents of Bacteroidetes and probiotics (Bifidobacteria and Lactobacilli) but increased Clostridium perfringens. OE at different doses ameliorated the depressive behaviors and mitigated the stress and inflammatory responses in SD rats, raised the serum contents of GAS, MTL, 5-HT, and VIP, reduced CCK level, elevated the DNA relative contents of Bacteroidetes and probiotics, but diminished Clostridium perfringens. OE exhibited similar intervention effects to diazepam tablets (positive control). Conclusion. OE exerts intervention effects on BGPs and intestinal microorganisms in SD rats.  © 2022 Jingru Wu et al.
Efficacy and Mechanisms of Oleuropein in Postmenopausal Osteoporosis; Background. Postmenopausal osteoporosis (PMOP) has a supernal morbidity rate in elderly females. Objective. To appraise the effects of oleuropein on bone densitometry, bone metabolic index, oxidative stress, and inflammatory index in PMOP. In addition, the mechanism of olive bittersweet preventing bone loss was explored. Methods. We grouped 80 salubrious female Sprague-Dawley rats into four teams: (1) sham operation team (sham, N=20), (2) ovariectomy (OVX, N=20), (3) castrated mice fed with oleuropein (OVX+ole, N=20), and (4) castrated mice fed with estrogen (OVX+E2, N=20). The ovariectomized SD rats were continuously raised with 200 μg/kg/dose of oleuropein. Bone mineral density and bone metabolism indexes were recorded. In order to assess the effectiveness of oleuropein on osteopenia, an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was devoted to examining the bone marrow indexes. The bone metabolism standards of PMOP rats were appraised by assessing serum levels of calcium, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), phosphorus, malondialdehyde (MDA), and nitrate content by experimental detection methods and levels of osteoclastogenesis inhibitory factor (OPG) and receptor activator for nuclear factor-κB ligand (RANKL) by ELISA. The OPG-RANK-RANKL signal passage was examined by Western blot (WB). We measured bone mineral density using dual-energy X-rays. Results. Our animal experimental results indicated that oleuropein could significantly improve the bone mineral density of ovariectomized SD rats. In the meantime, it could reduce ending interleukin-6 (IL-6), malondialdehyde (MDA), nitrate, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and phosphorus (P) serum concentration and would not affect Ca2+ concentration. In cell experiments, oleuropein also can promote the proliferation of osteoblasts. Furthermore, it can promote the expression of OPG protein and mRNA. In reverse, it inhibits the expression of RANKL protein and mRNA. Conclusion. Oleuropein can not only improve the inflammatory and oxidative indexes of castrated rats but also prevent osteoporosis. Oleuropein avoids bone resorption by regulating OPG/RANKL expression.  © 2022 Huilan Liu et al.
Sirtuins: Subtle Regulators Involved in Convoluted Mechanisms of Pregnancy; Sirtuins are Class III protein deacetylases with seven conserved isoforms. In general, Sirtuins are highly activated in starving cells in response to stringent conditions, in which levels of NAD+ are increased. Each member of the Sirtuin family is prominently involved in the regulation of myriad fundamental biological processes including inflammation, proliferation, cell survival, DNA repair and metabolism. Sirtuins can also interact with various signaling pathways and factors such as hypoxia-inducible factors (HIFs), mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs), nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) and the Notch pathway, yet these interactions are demonstrated to be rather complicated. Therefore, deficiency in each member of the Sirtuin family results in severe developmental defects and irregularities both in animals and humans. Currently, a rapidly expanding body of evidence supports that Sirtuins can improve the pregnancy outcome. In fact, each Sirtuin isoform plays distinct yet fundamental roles in controlling folliculogenesis, oocyte meiotic maturation, oocyte aging, trophoblast functions, feto-maternal inflammation and placental angiogenesis and oxidative stress. Consequently, alterations in Sirtuin levels can be a pivotal intermediary step in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy disorders such as fetal growth retardation, preeclampsia and the HELLP syndrome. Furthermore, Sirtuins also appear to be involved in the regulation of parturition and pregnancy complications caused by maternal obesity and diabetes. In this review, we shall first address Sirtuin regulation and functions including their interactions with the most important signaling pathways involved in pregnancy. Then, we will focus on the pivotal roles of Sirtuins in female reproductive functions, normal pregnancy, parturition and pregnancy complications. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Cell Physiol Biochem Press GmbH&Co. KG.
Analytical methods used for the characterisation of specific features of biological tissues related with obesity: A review; Obesity has become a global pandemic, leading to the development of many common disorders, such as type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases, and even increases the risk of several cancers. The adipose tissue of obese patients was characterised as a tissue microenvironment composed of adipose tissue macrophages, precursor and hypertrophic adipocytes, and other immune cells that predominantly produce pro-inflammatory cytokines for chronic, low-grade inflammation. In this study, several analytical techniques, such as gas and liquid chromatography, Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) and Raman spectroscopies, nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and elemental analysis, were discussed as the main tools used for the characterisation of adipose tissue samples. The emphasis was focused on the relation between the obtained results which provide information about the chemical and structural composition of adipose tissue layers in the human body, as well as main microstructural features and obesity. It was demonstrated that these methods are indispensable tools in order to investigate some special features of human adipose tissue, identifying chemical composition and structural features. Moreover, the summarised results let us to conclude that such characterisation of adipose tissue is an essential step for the possible prediction of the appearance of symptoms of different diseases. © 2022 Lietuvos Mokslu Akademijos. All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic herbal biomolecules; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic degenerative disease that affects more than 450 million people in the world, with type 2 being the most prevalent. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is characterized by resistance to insulin, a hormone that is involved in glucose homeostasis. There are medications that prevent and control hyperglycemia, however, the continuous and long-term intake of some of these medications cause side effects on health. As an adjunct to treatment with synthetic drugs, the use of natural extracts with antidiabetic properties has been proposed as a complement to comprehensive treatment for the control of DM. The objective of this chapter is to show the general panorama of DM, the conditions associated with its development, and present some phytochemicals with the ability to intervene in a beneficial way of glucose metabolism. As a result of the research, natural compounds with antidiabetic action mechanisms such as inhibition of α-amylase and α-glucosidase enzymes were listed. In conclusion, the use of natural extracts with hypoglycemic characteristics works as a complementary treatment to control blood glucose levels in T2DM. However, more research is needed on the effect of phytochemicals on health that helps in the treatment of this disease. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diet, inflammation, and cancer; Chronic inflammation provides the substrate for the cellular machinery that leads to cancer; and diet is the most important modulator of inflammation. Here, we continue the conversation that our inflammatory and immune responses are needed to respond to perceived danger. Critical in this is the ability to discern self from nonself. Things sensed as being foreign to the body are considered nonself—and a highly functioning organism that is not in a state of chronic inflammation will mount an immune response to destroy anything seen as nonself. Regarding diet, we now must consider the synthetic and other dietary factors tied to a Western diet as “foreign” (nonself). Therefore, dietary factors are key to determining whether the organism is in a state of chronic inflammation. With the backdrop of individual, familial, and societal factors, proinflammatory dietary patterns can induce a state of chronic inflammation, with collateral damage to by-standing healthy cells; including genetic mutations, epigenetic, proliferative, and apoptotic alterations. Over the past several decades, there have been many studies implemented to understand the impact of diet on carcinogenesis. Disappointingly, the use of individual dietary ingredients (e.g., specific micronutrients) has proven mostly unsuccessful in preventing cancer. Recent attention has turned toward dietary behaviors and overall patterns as determinants of inflammatory potential, cancer risk, and survivorship. Indeed, sustained consumption of an antiinflammatory, plant-based (e.g., Mediterranean or Asian) diet reduces inflammation and cancer risk. By contrast, consuming a proinflammatory Western-style diet consisting of ultraprocessed foods rich in animal fat, sugar, and food additives results in chronic inflammation, which increases cancer risk. This chapter summarizes the available evidence supporting these conclusions and makes the case that inflammation is at the crossroads of diet and cancer. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Do cytokines associate periodontitis with metabolic disorders? An overview of current documents; Periodontitis is an oral chronic inflammatory condition affecting the adult population worldwide. Many microorganisms act as initiators for inducing inflammatory immune responses, which participate in the destruction of connective tissue surrounding the teeth, thereby resulting in tooth loss. Cytokines may have indispensable roles in its pathogenesis by enhancing inflammatory and immune responses. Cytokines can affect the functions of some cells of different tissues, such as the cells of the pancreas, liver, and adipose tissues. Evidence suggests that periodontitis is associated with metabolic disorders like liver cirrhosis, obesity, and diabetes mellitus. Hence, this review focused on determining how cytokines .can participate in the correlation of periodontitis with metabolic disorders. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
EFFECT OF LEPTIN LEVELS ON TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS AND DIABETIC COMPLICATIONS; Purpose: To investigate serum leptin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and the relationship between leptin levels and T2DM complications and prevalence. Methods: A total of 355 patients, 282 cases with T2DM and 73 normal controls, were recruited at 1st Medical Centre, Chinese PLA General Hospital (Beijing, China) between November 2013 and July 2014. Levels of serum leptin, biochemical markers and sexual hormones were measured, and clinical characteristics were retrieved through the electronic medical record system. Results: Leptin levels in females were higher than that in males. Leptin levels in T2MD patients were positively correlated with body mass index, percent body fat, triglyceride, cystatin C homocysteine and salivary acid, and negatively correlated with glycosylated serum protein and glycosylated albumin levels. Leptin levels in males were positively correlated with systolic pressure and estradiol, and negatively correlated with testosterone and high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Sex (female) was positively correlated with the duration of disease. Leptin levels in T2DM patients with complications such as hypertension, diabetic nephropathy, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and coronary heart disease were higher than that in patients without such complications. Leptin levels in females with diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macroangiopathy were higher than that in patients without such complications, but there was no difference in males. Conclusions: Leptin has significant gender differences. Leptin levels are related to body mass index, percent body fat and sex hormone level in T2DM patients and may affect short-term blood glucose control in T2DM patients. Leptin levels are related to complications in patients with T2DM and affect the prevalence rates of complications. © 2022 CANADIAN SOCIETY FOR CLINICAL INVESTIGATION
A perspective on diet, epigenetics and complex diseases: Where is the field headed next?; Dietary factors can regulate epigenetic processes during life, modulating the intracellular pools of metabolites necessary for epigenetic reactions and regulating the activity of epigenetic enzymes. Their effects are strong during the prenatal life, when epigenetic patterns are written, allowing organogenesis. However, interactions between diet and the epigenome continue throughout life and likely contribute to the onset and progression of various complex diseases. Here, we review the contribution of dietary factors to the epigenetic changes observed in complex diseases and suggest future steps to better address this issue, focusing on neurobehavioral, neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders, cardiovascular diseases, obesity and Type 2 diabetes, cancer and inflammatory skin diseases.  © 2022 Future Medicine Ltd.
The Association between Index of Nutritional Quality (INQ) and Obesity: Baseline Data of Kharameh Cohort; Obesity is an increasing problem that can lead to noncommunicable diseases. The role of dietary factors on one's obesity is confirmed in many studies. One nutritional approach that can be used for assessment of the foods and diets is the Index of Nutritional Quality (INQ). Our study is aimed at exploring the association between INQ and obesity. Our hypothesis is that enriched and high-quality diets reduce the risk of overweight or obesity. This study was carried out on 6248 overweight and obese participants, from whom 4356 (69.7%) and 1892 (30.3%) were overweight and obese, respectively. To assess the dietary intake for the participants, a valid food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with 130 food items was utilized. The analysis revealed an inverse association between the overweight and the INQ of iron, thiamin, riboflavin, B6, folate, zinc, magnesium, calcium, and vitamin C and E. For the obese group, this inverse association was found for iron, B6, folate, zinc, magnesium, calcium, and vitamin C and E. These results approved our hypothesis that a rich nutrition diet may lead to a lower risk of obesity. © 2022 Maryam Jalali et al.
Diabetes as a Metabolic Disease and Translational Exercise Medicine Informatics; For decades, the rapid increase in metabolic diseases has posed a global health challenge. Diabetes is one such critical metabolic disease. The active control of body weight, blood sugars, and the treatment of multiple risk factors (including lifestyle intervention and drug treatment) for impaired glucose tolerance and early diabetes stages, can delay diabetes. Abnormal fat metabolism damages tissues and organs, thereby increasing diabetes complications and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular end-point events. The adoption and maintenance of physical activity is key to good blood glucose management and the overall health of patients with diabetes and pre-diabetes, but its implementation remains poor. Personalized exercise prescriptions can help patients derive considerable benefits from exercise-based intervention therapies. However, how to transform existing paradigms, guidelines, and translate the latest clinical research to provide patients and doctors with truly personalized exercise prescriptions remains a vexing issue. In this chapter, the classification of diabetes and pre-diabetes types is outlined. Also outlined are the goals of an exercise intervention for diabetes, the benefits of exercise and physical activity, exercise intervention goals and recommendations, the adverse events caused by exercise intervention and its prevention strategies, personalized exercise prescriptions and how translational exercise-medicine informatics can help. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Association between the Extent of Peripheral Blood DNA Methylation of HIF3A and Accumulation of Adiposity in community-dwelling Women: The Yakumo Study; Introduction: DNA methylation in the CpG sites of intron 1 of HIF3A is associated with body mass index (BMI). This cross-sectional study investigated correlations between DNA methylation of HIF3A and BMI or adiposity parameters in the Japanese population. Method: DNA methylation of HIF3A was quantified via pyrosequencing. Result: DNA methylation of HIF3A differed only in women; DNA methylation level at cg27146050 was associated with visceral adipose tissue thickness and correlated with BMI and percent (%) body fat after excluding smokers. Conclusion: Peripheral blood DNA methylation at the CpG site (cg27146050) of HIF3A correlated with VAT thickness in Japanese women. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Olive oil; Olive oil is an ancient food obtained from the olive fruit, olives. Olive oil is considered a functional food due to its particular bio-functional chemical composition associated with its nutritional value and health benefits. It consists of a high content of oleic acid and many minor bioactive compounds and micronutrients, including phenolic compounds and vitamin E. Consumption of olive oil is associated with a decrease in the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and a positive role in the inflammatory processes associated with various pathologies. Extra virgin olive oil is the highest quality category of olive oil. Its mode of production avoids deterioration and preserves its natural bioactive constituents. This chapter provides an overview of olive oil as a functional food, its production systems, and factors that affect its quality. It also reviews current scientific evidence from experimental tests, clinical trials, systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Olive oil is a crucial ingredient to integrate a balanced diet with several health benefits, as per the Mediteranean diet example, or a diet with specific nutritional needs. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Anti-aging effect of polyphenols: possibilities and challenges; Polyphenols are a large and diverse group of natural compounds occurring in plants. Polyphenols are chemically characterized by multiple phenol units, including flavonoids, catechins, ellagic acid, and anthocyanins. Most polyphenols can reduce the generation of free radicals, reactive oxygen species, oxidative stress, DNA damage, and inflammation, senescence, and age-related diseases. The antioxidative and anti-inflammatory activities of dietary polyphenols could be capable of extending the lifespan. Polyphenols can inhibit specific cell-signaling factors against chronic inflammation. Many polyphenols can influence gene expression and epigenetic modifications, such as microRNA regulation, histone modification, and DNA methylation. Long-term consumption of dietary polyphenols has the possibility to protect against inflammation and related diseases. Currently, studies have been focused on the future trends of using naturally bioactive compounds, and there is a huge challenge for research on dietary polyphenols as new preventive and therapeutic agents against age-associated diseases. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Higher baseline alanine aminotransferase level is associated with lower live birth rate after freeze-thawed embryo transfer; Objective: The aim of this retrospective analysis was to explore whether an elevated ALT level before pregnancy is associated with a reduction in live birth rate after IVF-FET. Design: Retrospective observational study. Setting: Shiyan People’s Hospital, China between January 2019 and December 2019. Patients: Women aged ≤ 40 years. Intervention(s): Freeze-thawed embryo transfer (FET) Main Outcome Measure(s): The live birth rate, which was defined as the delivery of a live baby after 24 weeks of gestation. Results: The analysis included 365 FET cycles. There was a significant difference between groups in the live birth rate (p <.05), which was highest for the low ALT tertile and lowest for the high ALT tertile. Multiple regression analysis with adjustment for multiple potential confounders revealed that the odds of live birth were decreased for each one standard deviation increase in ALT (OR = 0.56, 95%CI = 0.42–0.75, p <.0001) and lower for the high ALT tertile than for the low ALT tertile (OR = 0.38, 95%CI = 0.19–0.75, p =.0055). Smooth curve fitting showed an inverse relationship between ALT and live birth rate. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that relatively small elevations in baseline serum ALT level can have a clinically relevant impact on the success of FET. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Probiotics and postbiotics: focus on metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is (MetS) defined by a constellation of clinical criteria, which allows identifying patients at increased risk for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity and other comorbidities. Identifying and understanding the different set of risk factors in the population would allow new and different treatment strategies. Accumulating evidence suggests that gut microbiota plays a significant role in the initiation and progression of MetS. It is known that the gut microbiota can modulate plasma glucose, appetite, serum lipids, pro-inflammation and oxidative stress. The complex and orchestrated molecular cross-talk between the host and the gut microbiome is realized by bioactive metabolites and signaling molecules synthesized by the gut microbiome. Those metabolites play a significant role in modulating human health in diversified ways. Therefore, based on these current achievements, gut microbiota may be a potential therapeutic target for metabolic diseases. Their manipulation employing specific microorganisms and substrates to benefit the host metabolism has received substantial interest. Overall, the addition of probiotics to the prevention or treatment of patients with MetS may have an advantage over the current medical treatment in terms of improvement of some clinical characteristics of the MetS. The vast panorama of utilizing probiotics is continuously expanding, and evidence shows that conferring the health benefits through metabolites, called postbiotics. This chapter describes short-chain fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and phenolic compounds as main postbiotics targeting the inflammation and oxidative stress biomarkers present in the MetS. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Management of arterial hypertension in women after delivery (a literature review); We present a literature review on short-/long-term management of women with postpartum hypertension (HTN). Future health risks for women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia and gestational HTN) are listed. Nonpharmacological therapy and medications for cardiovascular risk management in women with adverse pregnancy outcomes are considered. Inter-pregnancy care details for women with HTN are given.Hypertension-related reasons to discontinue breastfeeding are listed. Medical, ethical and legal issues of a decision-making process in hypertension management during lactation are considered. Sources of reliable information on compatibility of medications and breastfeeding, as well as the information about the use of antihypertensive medications during lactation from LactMed database and package leaflets are given. Dyslipidaemia in women with postpartum HTN is considered and approaches to lipid-lowering medication during breastfeeding (statins, ezetimibe and PCSK9 inhibitors) are discussed. Both known (aspirin, calcium) and investigated (metformin, statins, hydroxychloroquine) prevention modalities in preeclampsia are presented. The implementation of multidisciplinary maternal health clinics for women with a history of HTN pregnancy is reported. © 2022 All-Russian Public Organization Antihypertensive League. All rights reserved.
Integrated bioinformatics analysis reveals novel key biomarkers in diabetic nephropathy; Objectives: The underlying molecular mechanisms of diabetic nephropathy have yet not been investigated clearly. In this investigation, we aimed to identify key genes involved in the pathogenesis and prognosis of diabetic nephropathy. Methods: We downloaded next-generation sequencing data set GSE142025 from Gene Expression Omnibus database having 28 diabetic nephropathy samples and nine normal control samples. The differentially expressed genes between diabetic nephropathy and normal control samples were analyzed. Biological function analysis of the differentially expressed genes was enriched by Gene Ontology and REACTOME pathways. Then, we established the protein–protein interaction network, modules, miRNA-differentially expressed gene regulatory network and transcription factor-differentially expressed gene regulatory network. Hub genes were validated by using receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Results: A total of 549 differentially expressed genes were detected including 275 upregulated and 274 downregulated genes. The biological process analysis of functional enrichment showed that these differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in cell activation, integral component of plasma membrane, lipid binding, and biological oxidations. Analyzing the protein–protein interaction network, miRNA-differentially expressed gene regulatory network and transcription factor-differentially expressed gene regulatory network, we screened hub genes MDFI, LCK, BTK, IRF4, PRKCB, EGR1, JUN, FOS, ALB, and NR4A1 by the Cytoscape software. The receiver operating characteristic curve analysis confirmed that hub genes were of diagnostic value. Conclusions: Taken above, using integrated bioinformatics analysis, we have identified key genes and pathways in diabetic nephropathy, which could improve our understanding of the cause and underlying molecular events, and these key genes and pathways might be therapeutic targets for diabetic nephropathy. © The Author(s) 2022.
Antidiabetic bioactive natural products from medicinal plants; Diabetes mellitus (DM), caused by either insulin resistance or abnormal insulin secretion, or both, continues to be one of the most prevalent endocrine disorders in the world. In fact, DM is the third most common cause of mortality and morbidity, next only to cancer and cardiovascular disorders. About 463 million people were said to have suffered from DM around the world in 2019. This number is soon to reach 548 million by the end of 2020 and is projected to be 700 million by 2045. Several studies have indicated that DM is found to be more prevalent in high-income countries and urban areas than in the rest. Typically characterized by multiple etiologies and a persistent state of hyperglycemia, DM is prone to cause multiple disorders, affecting several organs of the body. Its treatment, thus, proves to be quite tricky, requiring a multimodal approach. For instance, in order to manage the glucose levels of a DM patient, it is crucial to identify a whole host of individual factors that contribute toward the defective glycemic index. Of the many ways of effectively controlling and managing DM, several plant species and plant-based compounds play a pivotal role. It is against this backdrop that a review was conducted to ascertain the performance and characteristics of several plant-based bioactive compounds in the treatment of DM. It was found that the plant-based bioactive compounds exhibit a higher level of antidiabetic activity than that of non-plant-based hypoglycemic drugs. A compendious account of the review is provided here. It may be noted that though the review indicates the high level of antidiabetic activity of plant-based drugs such as polyphenols, alkaloids, flavonoids, coumarins, and terpenoids, attributing their derivatives to the corresponding plant structures, it does not include any discussion on structure-related activity. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Arginase: Biological and Therapeutic Implications in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complications; Arginase is a ubiquitous enzyme in the urea cycle (UC) that hydrolyzes L-arginine to urea and L-ornithine. Two mammalian arginase isoforms, arginase1 (ARG1) and arginase2 (ARG2), play a vital role in the regulation of β-cell functions, insulin resistance (IR), and vascular complications via modulating L-arginine metabolism, nitric oxide (NO) production, and inflammatory responses as well as oxidative stress. Basic and clinical studies reveal that abnormal alterations of arginase expression and activity are strongly associated with the onset and development of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. As a result, targeting arginase may be a novel and promising approach for DM treatment. An increasing number of arginase inhibitors, including chemical and natural inhibitors, have been developed and shown to protect against the development of DM and its complications. In this review, we discuss the fundamental features of arginase. Next, the regulatory roles and underlying mechanisms of arginase in the pathogenesis and progression of DM and its complications are explored. Furthermore, we review the development and discuss the challenges of arginase inhibitors in treating DM and its related pathologies.  © 2022 Yuanyuan Ren et al.
Parental ageing and Assisted Reproduction Technologies: analysis of risk of chronic diseases in the progeny; Conception of a child at advanced parental age (> 35 years) has been steadily increasing in recent decades, especially in developed countries. Socio-economic factors, effective contraceptives, and the availability of Assisted Reproduction Technologies (ART) have a direct impact on postponing the decision to have a baby. ART enables reproductive success for people diagnosed as infertile or with reduced possibilities of becoming pregnant due to concomitant pathologies. Epidemiological studies indicate that both advanced parental age and ART are associated with pathologies of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, risk of pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, placental abruption, preterm labor, stillbirth, neurodevelopmental disorders and chronic disease of the offspring. In our work, we will focus on the available information on metabolic changes that increase the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases in the offspring of parents at an advanced age and conceived through ART. Finally, we will address the sources of the observed disturbances at the gamete and embryo level, related to oxygen stress, epigenetic modifications and DNA damage, considering possible rescue actions. © 2022, Polish Biochemical Society. All rights reserved.
Association between mixed dietary B vitamin intake and insulin resistance in US middle-aged and older adults without diabetes: The Bayesian kernel machine regression approach; Background and Objectives: In daily life, the intake of dietary nutrients is mixed. However, evidence for the association between mixed dietary B vitamin intake and insulin resistance is limited. In this study, we estimated the joint effect of intake of various dietary B vitamins on insulin resistance. Methods and Study Design: This crosssectional study used data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2011-2018. We included 1,628 middle-aged and 1,058 older adults without diabetes. Multivariable logistic regression and Bayesian kernel machine regression models were constructed. Results: In the multivariable logistic regression, when all B vitamins were included in the model, the ORs (95% CIs) of insulin resistance were 3.06 (1.00-9.37) and 0.42 (0.19-0.93) for the highest quartile of vitamin B-1 and B-12 intake in the middle-aged group when the lowest quartile was the reference. In the older group, no significant association was observed. In the Bayesian kernel machine regression analysis, a negative trend was noted between mixed B vitamin intake and insulin resistance in both examined groups. The univariate exposure-response function indicated that vitamin B-12 intake was negatively associated with insulin resistance in the middle-aged group, and that vitamin B-6 and dietary folate equivalent intakes were negatively associated with insulin resistance in older group. The bivariate exposure-response function indicated a potential interaction effect between dietary intake of vitamin B-12 and those of vitamin B-1, B-2, niacin, and dietary folate equivalent on insulin resistance in older people. Conclusions: Our results suggest that mixed dietary B vitamin intake tends to decrease the OR of insulin resistance both in middle-aged and older people © 2022, Asia Pacific Journal of Clinical Nutrition.All Rights Reserved.
Anti-obesity effect of escin: a study on high-fat diet-induced obese mice; – OBJECTIVE: Obesity is characterized by excess fat accumulation and closely associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. We aimed at exploring the potential effect and mechanism of escin for the treatment of obesity using network pharmacology, and to verify the effect of escin on obese mice. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Escin targets were predicted by DrugBank and SwissTarget database. Potential targets for the treatment of obesity were identified based on the DisGeNET database. Comparative analysis was used to investigate the overlapping genes between escin targets and obesity treatment-related targets. Using STRING database and Cytoscape to analyze interactions among overlapping genes, hub genes were identified. Gene Ontology (GO) function and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) enrichment analysis were conducted in DAVID. High-fat diet (HFD) -induced obese mice were used to observe the anti-obesity effects of escin. The body weight, relevant biochemical markers and HE staining of fat and liver tissues were determined after escin was administered for 18 weeks. RESULTS: We screened 53 overlapping genes for escin and obesity. The mechanism of intervention of escin in treating obesity may involve 10 hub targets (STAT3, MTOR, NR3C1, IKBKB, PTGS2, MMP9, PRKCA, PRKCD, AR, CYP3A4). The screening and enrichment analysis revealed that the treatment of obesity using escin primarily involved 10 GO enriched terms and 13 related pathways. In vivo, escin can reduce the body weight of obese mice induced by HFD and improve lipid metabolism through lowering triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), and density lipoprotein (LDL) levels and increasing high density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and decreasing leptin level and increasing adiponectin (ADPN) level. Escin can regulate glucose metabolism caused by obesity through decreasing fasting glucose, postprandial blood glucose and regulating the level of insulin. These obese mice induced by HFD displayed the increased insulin resistance that was associated with the increased inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin 6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1). Escin may antagonize the increase of MCP-1 and partially antagonize the low-grade inflammation caused by obesity. From the morphological changes of fat and liver tissues stained by HE stain, escin could decrease the size of adipocytes and improve liver necrosis and fatty degeneration in obese mice fed by HFD. CONCLUSIONS: The network pharmacology of escin in treating obesity may involve 10 hub targets (STAT3, MTOR, NR3C1, IKBKB, PTGS2, MMP9, PRKCA, PRKCD, AR, CYP3A4), 10 GO enriched terms and 13 related pathways. In vivo, escin can be potentially used to prevent or treat obesity through reducing the weight, improving glucose and lipid metabolism, partially antagonizing the low-grade inflammation, and improved insulin resistance. © 2022 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Lidocaine Ameliorates Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats through Modulating the c-Jun Signaling Pathway; As one of the common complications of diabetes mellitus (DM), Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy (DPN) threatens human lives seriously. Emerging evidences have confirmed the protective effects of lidocaine on DPN. However, the possible role and underlying mechanisms of lidocaine in DPN have not been clarified. In this study, the potential role of lidocaine in DPN is explored, and the possible mechanisms are investigated. The rat DPN model is constructed through administration of streptozotocin (STZ, 60 mg/kg). All rats are randomly divided into four groups, including the control group, DPN group, lidocaine (3.78 mg/time) group, and lidocaine combined with the SP600125 (15 mg/kg) group. Mechanical threshold, thermal latency, and blood glucose of rats before and after treatment are detected, and Nerve Conduction Velocity (NCV) is assessed. Moreover, qRT-PCR and western blot assays are carried out to determine the expressions of the c-Jun signaling pathway. The experimental results demonstrate that lidocaine remarkably downregulates the mRNA and protein expressions of the c-Jun signaling pathway in serum and DRGs induced with DPN. Besides, lidocaine combined with SP600125 can obtain better effects than lidocaine alone. It is clearly evident that lidocaine has a certain therapeutic effect on DPN.  © 2022 Jinyu Luo et al.
Platelet–Lymphocyte Ratio, Neutrophil–Lymphocyte Ratio and Their Dynamic Changes with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Cohort Study in China; Background: This study aimed at investigating the relationships between Platelet-Lymphocyte ratio (PLR) and Neutrophil–Lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and their dynamic changes (∆PLR, ∆NLR) with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a Chinese cohort study. Methods: This study recruited 41,439 individuals who were diagnosed without T2DM at first health examination and completed at least one follow-up. The relationships between NLR, PLR, ∆PLR, ∆NLR and T2DM risk were analyzed using the Cox regression model with corresponding Hazard Ratios (HRs) and 95% Confidence Intervals (CIs). Results: PLR exhibited significant correlation with T2DM risk in a linear reverse dose–response pattern, the corresponding HRs and 95% CIs were 0.81 (0.72, 0.90), 0.71 (0.63, 0.80) and 0.56 (0.49, 0.64) respectively (P trend < 0.001) for Q2, Q3 and Q4 vs Q1 after adjusting for age, gender, BMI, TG, TC, HDL-C, FPG, ALT, AST, heart rate, smoking, family history of diabetes, and alcohol consumption at baseline in Model 3. The significance remained in subgroups of women, <45 years, ≥45 years, BMI ≥ 24, with fatty liver disease, without fatty liver disease and normotension. Comparing with the largest decrease group of NLR (∆NLR < −0.32), the risk of T2DM increased for −0.003 ≤ ∆NLR < 0.31 (HR 1.17, 95% CI 1.01–1.36) and ∆NLR ≥ 0.31 (HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.06–1.43). Conclusions: Higher PLR could reduce the risk of T2DM. Larger increase of NLR could increase T2DM risk. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Association Between Serum Ferritin Concentration and Risk of Adverse Maternal and Fetal Pregnancy Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Objective: This study evaluated the associations of serum ferritin (SF) concentration during pregnancy with the risk of adverse maternal and fetal pregnancy outcomes. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study of 2327 pregnant women from 2015 to 2020 in Guangdong, China. SF concentrations were measured at 16–18th and 28–32th week of gestation. Logistic regression models were applied to estimate the association between SF concentration and the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: After multivariable adjustment, the odds ratio (OR) of the highest quartile of SF concentration at 16–18th week of gestation was 1.43 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.09, 1.89) for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 1.79 (95% CI: 1.15, 2.79) for small for gestational age (SGA) when compared with the lowest quartile. At 28–32th week of gestation compared with the lowest quartile, women with SF in the highest quartile had an increased risk of SGA (OR: 1.62; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.62). Moreover, the lowest quartile of SF concentration decreased risk of SGA by 90% (95% CI: 0.01, 0.80) when compared with the highest quartile among pregnancy women with GDM. Conclusion: Elevated SF concentrations increased the risk of GDM and SGA during pregnancy. Maintaining an appropriately low level of maternal SF at 28–32th week of gestation in women with GDM could reduce the risk of SGA. © 2022 Yang et al.
Dietary Cholesterol Intake and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; This meta-analysis aimed to understand the association between dietary cholesterol intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We systematically searched the PubMed, Web of Science, and EMBASE databases to identify observational studies, published before September 2020, investigating the relationship between dietary cholesterol intake and risk of GDM. After evaluating the heterogeneity among studies, we used fixed- or random-effects models to calculate pooled values of relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) in order to estimate the effect of dietary cholesterol on the risk of GDM. We included a total of 9 studies (3 cohort, 4 cross-sectional, and 2 case-control) involving 30123 participants and 3237 cases. The pooled RR of GDM comparing highest versus lowest category of dietary cholesterol intake was 1.49 (95% CI, 1.18–1.88). The dose-response relationship showed that the risk of GDM increased by 32% (RR = 1.32; 95% CI, 1.20–1.45) for every increase of 100 mg per day in dietary cholesterol intake. This meta-analysis indicates that an increase in dietary cholesterol intake is associated with increased risk of GDM. Detailed cohort studies are essential to gain a better understanding of this association.Key teaching points Studies on animal models have suggested that a cholesterol-rich diet can promote systemic inflammation and insulin resistance, both of which can contribute to T2DM and GDM. Several epidemiological studies have investigated a potential relationship between dietary cholesterol intake and GDM risk, and the results are controversial. Our meta-analysis indicates that increased dietary cholesterol intake is associated with increased GDM risk. Dose-response analysis showed a linear relationship between dietary cholesterol intake and risk of GDM. © 2021 American College of Nutrition.
Type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus; Globally, diabetes of all types has reached epidemic levels, and the number of cases is expected to continue to rise as a result of unhealthful lifestyles, environmental factors, and genetics. The treatment of type 2 diabetes (the majority of cases) encompasses an individualized treatment plan that includes education, blood glucose management, cardiovascular disease risk reduction, and continued screening for microvascular complications to prevent or delay chronic complications of diabetes. Exercise and physical activity are essential to longevity and health in individuals with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes (a state of glucose intolerance) and critical in the prevention and management of diabetes that develops during pregnancy (gestational). All individuals can benefit from meeting the recommended guidelines for weekly amounts and modes of physical activity for their age groups, regardless of the type of diabetes. Special considerations may be necessary when an individual has any diabetes-related health issues, such as nephropathy, neuropathy, retinopathy, cardiovascular disease, or pregnancy complications, but in most cases, physical activity can be safely undertaken with appropriate precautions. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
FUNCTIONAL DISORDERS OF THE LIVER IN THE FIRST TRIMESTER OF PREGNANCY; Any abnormal liver function can simultaneously present with the onset of pregnancy. This may be a pre-existing chronic liver disease or liver dysfunction associated with pregnancy. Consultation for liver disease in pregnancy is a challenge for both the hepatologist and gynecologist, since the normal physiological changes during pregnancy can mimic chronic liver disease. Pregnancy-specific liver diseases are the main causes of abnormal tests of the hepatic panel. In this case, as much as 3% of all pregnant women in developed countries suffer from liver diseases to unrelated pregnancy. The main factors determining the prognosis of the course of pregnancy for the mother are the type of liver disease and the degree of synthetic, metabolic, and excretory liver dysfunctions. This paper deals with a systematic approach to diagnosing and treating pregnancy-specific liver diseases in the first trimester, which includes an understanding of normal outcomes during pregnancy, exclusion of liver diseases nonspecific to pregnancy, consideration of the early onset of blood biochemical changes, and use of clinical data for early diagnosis and timely treatment. Conclusion: The studied data on the etiology and pathogenesis, diagnosis and principles of treatment of functional disorders of the liver in the first trimester of pregnancy can serve as a reason for further in-depth studies of hepatopathy in order to expand the understanding of the prevalence and etiopathogenesis, prediction and drug correction of this pathology for the prevention of maternal and perinatal morbidity. © A group of authors, 2022.
The Role of Zonulin as a Prognostic Biomarker in Liver Diseases: A Systematic Review; Liver diseases have become a serious concern in the health care systems worldwide. There is an association between gut permeability and several liver diseases. Zonulin is recognized as a marker of intestinal permeability. Hence, this study summarizes the current knowledge about the role of zonulin as a prognostic biomarker in liver diseases. The present systematic review was performed according to the guidelines of the 2015 Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) statements. Until May 2022, PubMed/Medline, Science Direct, Scopus, and Google Scholar as well as Google databases were searched using the relevant keywords including “Zonulin” and “Liver Diseases”, “Fatty Liver”, “Hepatitis”, “Cirrhosis”, “Carcinoma”, “Liver Steatosis”. Of 279 identified records through database searching, 37 articles were included in this systematic review. The evidence of this review revealed that the level of zonulin as the major biomarker of intestinal permeability increased in various types of liver diseases. Overall, we found that increased level of zonulin is associated with inflammatory responses in liver tissue and development of liver diseases. However, further studies could indicate the diagnostic and therapeutic role of zonulin in liver diseases including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), Hepatitis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). © 2022, The Running Line. All rights reserved.
Phytonanoparticles toward the treatment of diabetes; Diabetes is a metabolic disorder that occurs by altering the blood sugar level. It affects several organs of our body including sensory organs. Recent research from several models of animals decodes the series of cascade reactions that occur within the organism before the onset of diabetes. Several drugs are available in the market to prevent diabetes. In the modern era, nanoparticles play a key role in the treatment of diabetes over conventional medicine. Furthermore, to avoid the toxicity of nanoparticles many phyotonanoparticles are synthesized and applied to treat diabetes. The outcome of the study suggests phyotonanoparticle have an advantage over other nanoparticles. The current chapter summarizes the synthesis, characterization, and mode of action of the phytonanoparticles used to treat diabetes. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Upregulation of Klotho Aggravates Insulin Resistance in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Trophoblast Cells; Objective. Insulin resistance (IR) plays a key role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pathogenesis. The antiaging protein klotho has been proven to be closely related to IR. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of klotho on IR in GDM trophoblast cells. Methods. The GDM cell model of HTR-8/SVneo cells was induced by high glucose (HG). Plasmid transfection was used to mediate the overexpression or silencing of klotho. The effects of klotho on cell viability, IR, and the IGF-1/PI3K pathways were observed by RT-qPCR, western blot, Cell Counting Kit-8 detection, glucose uptake assay, and immunofluorescence detection. Results. Klotho expression was up-regulated in HG-induced cells. Overexpression of klotho could reduce the cell viability, insulin signaling molecules (INSR-α, INSR-β, IRS1, IRS2, and GLUT4), and glucose uptake in HTR-8/SVneo cells of the HG group. In addition, the overexpression of klotho inhibited the levels of IGF-1, IGF-1R/p-IGF-1R, and the phosphorylation and activation of the signal transduction molecules PI3K/Akt/mTOR. On the contrary, klotho deletions could reverse these changes of HTR-8/SVneo cells induced by HG. Conclusion. In a word, the results of this study showed that the regulation of klotho played an important role in the IR of trophoblast cells induced by HG, which was mediated at least in part by the IGF-1/PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.  © 2022 Li Lin et al.
Metabolomics: From Scientific Research to the Clinical Diagnosis; Metabolomics supports uncovering relevant pathophysiological mechanisms and identifying biomarkers of risk and progression in diseases. Furthermore, metabolomics has allowed the characterization of the proteins and metabolites of COVID-19, neurodegenerative processes, gestational diabetes mellitus, cancer breast, process of kidney transplantation, and Parkinson diagnosis, among other diseases (Table 7.1). Metabolomics employs noninvasive human biological samples such as serum, breath, and urine to screen and identify novel biomarkers. The combination of NMR, LC/MS, and CG/MS is desirable to detect, identify, and quantify hundreds of thousands of metabolites, useful in biomarker discovery toward clinical applications. The generation of biological information has led to the creation of databases such as BioBankWarden, which can be used to store and retrieve specific information from different clinical fields linked to biomaterials collected from patients. The use of metabolomics allows greater precision in the diagnosis and follow-up of the treatment of any disease. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Obstetric cholestasis: modern recommendations for diagnosis, treatment, management of pregnancy and childbirth; The article is devoted to the most common liver disease which is associated with pregnancy – obstetric cholestasis. The frequency of this pathology among all liver disorders in pregnant women is almost 27%, second only to viral hepatitis. On average, it is diagnosed in 2–4 cases per 1000 pregnancies. A characteristic feature of obstetric cholestasis is the tendency to the recurrent course in future pregnancies, which is observed in 60–70% of next pregnancies. This disorder usually manifests itself in the II or III trimester of pregnancy. The links of pathogenesis and differential diagnosis of obstetric cholestasis are briefly described in the article, the main attention is paid to laboratory diagnostic markers of the disease, among which the concentration of bile acids in the blood of a pregnant woman is the most important. An increase concentration of bile acids ≥10 μmol/L is currently a main diagnostic criterion for obstetric cholestasis and can stimulate the release of prostaglandins, increase the sensitivity of the myometrium to oxytocin and its contractility, which in 12–44% of cases causes premature birth. Modern recommendations on pregnancy management and childbirth tactics for women with obstetric cholestasis and the main methods of treatment are also presented in the article. Today, for the treatment of cholestatic hepatosis in pregnant women, medicines are used that specifically reduce the phenomena of intrahepatic cholestasis – ursodeoxycholic acid and 5-adenosylmethionine, as well as symptomatic treatment – cholestyramine (or other sequestrants of bile acids), H1-histamine receptors blockers, phenobarbital. Today, the most convincing evidence of effectiveness and safety is the data on ursodeoxycholic acid. This article describes a clinical case of pregnancy in a woman with obstetric cholestasis. The woman used combined oral contraceptives for 10 years to prevent an unwanted pregnancy, which obviously caused the future development of this disease during pregnancy. The patient had timely diagnosis and appropriate treatment. At the 37th week of pregnancy, a vaginal delivery took place. A live female child was born, body weight 3000 g, length 48 cm in satisfactory condition. © The Author(s) 2022.
Investigating Human Diseases with the Microbiome: Metagenomics Bench to Bedside; Investigating Human Diseases with the Microbiome: Metagenomics Bench to Bedside is a summary of underlying principles for human health and disease studies from a microbiome point-of-view. From birth to old age, microbiomes in fecal, oral/nasal, vaginal, and skin samples contain important information that can predict disease risks in the future. Tissue samples also contain microbes that are relevant for diseases. The microbiome connects genetic and environmental factors and is poised to greatly facilitate precision medicine, including prevention, diagnosis and effective treatment of many complex diseases. Based in traditional microbiology and adding a more wholistic view of the advent of high-throughput sequencing, this reference poses the key questions of the total number of microbial cells and their distribution in the human body while also considering concepts from macroecology and from causal reasoning. An entire chapter is dedicated to methods, providing hands-on information for important considerations when collecting samples for metagenomic studies. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Epigenetics of Metabolic Diseases; The number of people affected by metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide. Metabolic diseases are complex multifactorial disorders caused by genetic and environmental factors, where the prenatal environment also seems to play a prominent role through establishment of an epigenetic memory. Accumulating evidence suggests that aging and lifestyle factors including diet and physical activity have long-lasting effects on the epigenome, which thereby might serve as a prognostic marker, and influence the risk of metabolic diseases later in life. These epigenetic alterations may also be passed on to further generations through transgenerational inheritance. Therefore, the discovery of epigenetic modifications as biomarkers may lead to future prevention and individualized treatment of metabolic diseases. Here, we review studies that provide links between epigenetics and development of metabolic diseases. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic Syndrome and Liver Cancer; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a wellknown complication of advanced liver disease and leads to significant morbidity and mortality worldwide. There are several know risk factors for HCC, and most of the time patients have more than one. There is an ongoing change in the relative importance of these risk factors and in the geographical prevalence of HCC. For example, viral hepatitis, in particular hepatitis B virus (HBV), was responsible for the high prevalence in Asian and Mediterranean countries. Immunization and new powerful antivirals are reducing the HCC risk related to HBV and hepatitis C virus (HCV) hepatitides. However, HCC incidence continues to rise, and interestingly we are now seeing more hepatomas arising in patients without advanced fibrosis or cirrhosis suggesting alternative carcinogenic pathways. Other risk factors are sustaining the increasing incidence of HCC in areas classically considered at low incidence. In line with the growing epidemic of metabolic syndrome and its risk factors, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, we are seeing a rise in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) which is now appreciated as the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Components of the metabolic syndrome remain independent risk factors for development of liver cancer, and therefore understanding the underlying pathogenic mechanisms by which diseases such as obesity and diabetes lead to hepatologic complications and malignancy is essential for development of effective preventative and therapeutic measures. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022, corrected publication 2022.
Bioactive lipids: Chemistry, biochemistry, and biological properties; Lipids are a source of energy and a component of cell membranes. However, many other functions have been reported and their importance to human health is now well established. This chapter will focus essentially on fatty acids, short-, medium-, and long-chain, saturated and (poly)unsaturated fatty acids as well as phytosterols. Conjugated fatty acids will also be addressed. Among the mentioned lipids, their role in cardiovascular diseases, cognitive development, inflammation, reduction of cholesterol levels, insulin and glucose homeostasis and, weight management have been widely reported. Also, when relevant, their antimicrobial activity was also mentioned. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Roles of intestinal Parabacteroides in human health and diseases; The stability of gut microbiota is essential for the host's health. Parabacteroides spp., core members of the human gut microbiota, have an average abundance of 1.27% in humans of 12 populations. Parabacteroides have recently been reported to have a close relationship with host health (e.g. metabolic syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease and obesity). Parabacteroides have the physiological characteristics of carbohydrate metabolism and secreting short chain fatty acids. However, antimicrobial resistance of Parabacteroides to antibiotics (such as clindamycin, moxifloxacin and cefoxitin) should not be ignored. In this review, we primarily focus on Parabacteroides distasonis, Parabacteroides goldsteinii, Parabacteroides johnsonii and Parabacteroides merdae and discuss their relationships with host disease, diet and the prevention or induction of diseases. Pa. distasonis and Pa. goldsteinii may be viewed as potential next generation probiotic candidates due to their protective effects on inflammation and obesity in mice. We also discuss the potential therapeutic application of Parabacteroides spp. in maintaining host-intestine homeostasis.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of FEMS.
Insulin resistance and intestinal microbial metabolites in childhood obesity; The article deals with the study on the content of fecal short-chain fatty acids (SCFA) and their association with insulin resistance in obese children. It was found that intestinal micro-flora in obese children is characterized by changes in the qualita-tive composition and increased metabolic activity of the intestinal microflora. A moderate increase of HOMA-IR is accompanied by elevated concentration of anti-inflammatory cytokines, the content of which correlates with that of acetic, propionic acid and a decrease in the metabolic activity of intestinal microflora. The progression of insulin resistance is accompanied by a further increase in the concentration of anti-inflammatory cytokines, the level of HOMA-IR correlates with the level of propionic SCFA. Thus, modulation of SCFA content may be a promising way of therapeutic influence to correct insulin resistance and obesity in children. © 2022. The Authors.
Western diet-induced shifts in the maternal microbiome are associated with altered microRNA expression in baboon placenta and fetal liver; Maternal consumption of a high-fat, Western-style diet (WD) disrupts the maternal/infant microbiome and contributes to developmental programming of the immune system and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring. Epigenetic changes, including non-coding miRNAs in the fetus and/or placenta may also underlie this risk. We previously showed that obese nonhuman primates fed a WD during pregnancy results in the loss of beneficial maternal gut microbes and dysregulation of cellular metabolism and mitochondrial dysfunction in the fetal liver, leading to a perturbed postnatal immune response with accelerated NAFLD in juvenile offspring. Here, we investigated associations between WD-induced maternal metabolic and microbiome changes, in the absence of obesity, and miRNA and gene expression changes in the placenta and fetal liver. After ~8-11 months of WD feeding, dams were similar in body weight but exhibited mild, systemic inflammation (elevated CRP and neutrophil count) and dyslipidemia (increased triglycerides and cholesterol) compared with dams fed a control diet. The maternal gut microbiome was mainly comprised of Lactobacillales and Clostridiales, with significantly decreased alpha diversity (P = 0.0163) in WD-fed dams but no community-wide differences (P = 0.26). At 0.9 gestation, mRNA expression of IL6 and TNF in maternal WD (mWD) exposed placentas trended higher, while increased triglycerides, expression of pro-inflammatory CCR2, and histological evidence for fibrosis were found in mWD-exposed fetal livers. In the mWD-exposed fetus, hepatic expression levels of miR-204-5p and miR-145-3p were significantly downregulated, whereas in mWD-exposed placentas, miR-182-5p and miR-183-5p were significantly decreased. Notably, miR-1285-3p expression in the liver and miR-183-5p in the placenta were significantly associated with inflammation and lipid synthesis pathway genes, respectively. Blautia and Ruminococcus were significantly associated with miR-122-5p in liver, while Coriobacteriaceae and Prevotellaceae were strongly associated with miR-1285-3p in the placenta; both miRNAs are implicated in pathways mediating postnatal growth and obesity. Our findings demonstrate that mWD shifts the maternal microbiome, lipid metabolism, and inflammation prior to obesity and are associated with epigenetic changes in the placenta and fetal liver. These changes may underlie inflammation, oxidative stress, and fibrosis patterns that drive NAFLD and metabolic disease risk in the next generation. Copyright © 2022 Sugino, Mandala, Janssen, Gurung, Trammell, Day, Brush, Papin, Dyer, Agbaga, Friedman, Castillo-Castrejon, Jonscher and Myers.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and risk of adverse obstetric outcomes: a retrospective population-based matched cohort study in England; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects up to one in five women of childbearing age. Observational studies assessing the association between maternal PCOS and adverse obstetric outcomes have reported varying results, depending on patient population, diagnostic criteria for PCOS and covariates accounted for in their analyses. We aimed to assess the risk of obstetric outcomes among a population-based representative cohort of women with PCOS compared to an age-matched cohort of women without PCOS. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted of pregnancies of women in England aged 15–49 years identified from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) GOLD pregnancy register and linked Hospital Episodes Statistic (HES) data between March 1997 and March 2020. Pregnancies from the register that had a linked HES delivery record were included. Linked CPRD primary care data was used to ascertain maternal PCOS exposure prior to pregnancy. To improve detection of PCOS, in addition to PCOS diagnostic codes, codes for (1) polycystic ovaries or (2) hyperandrogenism and anovulation together were also considered. Sensitivity analysis was limited to only pregnant women with a diagnostic code for PCOS. Primary outcomes ascertained from linked HES data were (1) preterm delivery (gestation < 37 weeks), (2) mode of delivery, (3) high (> 4000 g) or low birthweight (< 2500 g) and (4) stillbirth. Secondary outcomes were (1) very preterm delivery (< 32 weeks), (2) extremely preterm delivery (< 28 weeks), (3) small and (4) large for gestational age. Conditional logistic regression models were performed adjusting for age, ethnicity, deprivation, dysglycaemia, hypertension, thyroid disorders, number of babies born at index pregnancy, and pre-gravid BMI. Multiple imputation was performed for missing outcome data. Results: 27,586 deliveries with maternal PCOS were matched for age (± 1 year) to 110,344 deliveries without PCOS. In the fully adjusted models, maternal PCOS was associated with an increased risk of (1) preterm birth [aOR: 1.11 (95% CI 1.06–1.17)], and (2) emergency caesarean, elective caesarean and instrumental vaginal compared to spontaneous delivery [aOR: 1.10 (1.05–1.15), 1.07 (1.03–1.12) and 1.04 (1.00–1.09), respectively]. There was absence of association with low birthweight, high birthweight and stillbirth. In the sensitivity analysis, the association with preterm birth [aOR: 1.31 (95% CI 1.13–1.52)], emergency caesarean [aOR: 1.15 (95% CI 1.02–1.30)], and elective caesarean [aOR: 1.03 (95% CI 1.02–1.03)] remained. While there was no significant association with any of the secondary outcomes in the primary analysis, in the sensitivity analysis maternal PCOS was associated with increased risk of extremely preterm delivery [aOR: 1.86 (95% CI 1.31–2.65)], and lower risk of small for gestational age babies [aOR: 0.74 (95% CI 0.59–0.94)]. Conclusions: Maternal PCOS was associated with increased risk of preterm and caesarean delivery. Association with low birthweight may be largely mediated by lower gestational age at birth. © The Author(s) 2022.
THE ROLE OF PIOGLITAZONE IN THE FIGHT AGAINST INSULIN RESISTANCE, ATHEROSCLEROSIS, CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE, AND NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE; Modern strategies for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus involve the use of pathogenetically based approaches aimed at achieving optimal glycemic control and its long-term retention. Timely and rational use of 9 classes of hypoglycemic drugs, including as part of combination therapy, makes it possible to achieve significant success in diabetes therapy. One of the fundamental principles in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus is the effect on insulin resistance. For this purpose, two groups of drugs are used: biguanides and thiazolidinediones (glitazones). The action of glitazones is directly related to an increase in the sensitivity of insulin-dependent tissues to insulin and a pronounced decrease in hyperinsulinemia in patients with type 2 diabetes. Of particular interest are the pathways of insulin signal transduction, the mechanisms of insulin resistance, and the possibilities of pathogenetic therapy with thiazolidinediones. Pioglitazone is currently the only available member of the thiazolidinedione class in the world, allowing to expand the management of diabetes mellitus by reducing insulin resistance in muscle and adipose tissue and glucose production by the liver. Its use can have a number of pleiotropic effects, including on cardiovascular diseases and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, which expands the priorities for choosing hypoglycemic therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes at various stages of therapy. © Endocrinology Research Centre, 2022.
Bee products and diabetes mellitus; This chapter emphasizes the profile and characteristics of bee products relevant to diabetes mellitus (DM) and their use in DM management. The chapter summarizes and analyses recent scientific data from both preclinical and clinical trials indicating the bee products’ potential in treating DM. Bee products have hypoglycemic, antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic, antioxidant, and antiinflammatory properties, which are favorable factors for diabetics and their control. Bee products reduce oxidative stress, advanced glycation end products (AGE) build-up and adipose tissue inflammation, all of which contribute to insulin resistance and secretion abnormalities, which ameliorate diabetic complications, including nephropathy, retinopathy foot ulcers and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diabetes -- a metabolic disorder: Herbal medicines on rescue; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder that occurs due to insulin resistance in target tissues in response to β-cell dysfunction. Deficiency of insulin secretion from β-cells and insulin resistance in target tissues are the two major causes of type 2 diabetes. Around the world, the prevalence of diabetes is increasing with a high magnitude, both in developed and developing countries. As per the WHO report, the number of patients to be affected is estimated to reach 366 million by the year 2030. From the total number of diabetic patients, 95% are afflicted with type 2 diabetes. The treatment of diabetes can be broadly divided into two: conventional and alternative medicine. Patients receiving conventional medicines significantly improve in conditions like hyperglycemia, insulin resistance and secretion of insulin. However, these conventional medicines cause many side effects. To overcome these side- effects, a vast population around the world are using herbal products for effective treatment of several disorders. Entire systems of naturopathic medicine including the Chinese, Ayurvedic, Unani etc. exist for providing herbal remedies. In this chapter, we try to summarize the different alternative medicines and their effect on diabetes. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association between ALT/AST and Muscle Mass in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Objective. The alanine aminotransferase/aspartate aminotransferase (ALT/AST) ratio is thought to be related to metabolic disorders and insulin resistance. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a high-risk population for low muscle mass. This study was performed to evaluate the association between ALT/AST and muscle mass in subjects with T2DM. Method. This cross-sectional study enrolled 1068 subjects (566 males and 502 females) with T2DM. General information, medical history, and blood samples were collected. Skeletal muscle index (SMI) was detected using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Logistic regression analysis was utilized to determine the correlation of ALT/AST and low muscle mass in subjects with T2DM. Multiple linear regression analysis was utilized to evaluate the association between ALT/AST, SMI and other metabolic characteristics. Result. Of all subjects, 115 men (20.3%) and 71 women (14.1%) presented low muscle mass. ALT/AST was related to an increased risk for low muscle mass in both genders. Multiple linear regression analysis displayed that SMI was negatively associated with ALT/AST, age, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) in male group. While in female group, SMI was positively associated with systolic blood pressure (SBP) and negatively associated with ALT/AST and age. Furthermore, ALT/AST was associated with age and BMI in both genders. Conclusion. ALT/AST was negatively associated with muscle mass in subjects with T2DM.  © 2022 Wenjie Ma et al.
Assessment of Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes of Liver Diseases Unique to Pregnancy at a Tertiary Hospital in Ethiopia: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Background. Liver disease is a rare complication of pregnancy that can lead to several consequences and require specific intervention with implications for both the mother and fetus. This study is aimed at assessing the clinical profile and associated complications of liver diseases unique to pregnancy at St. Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Methodology. This study is a retrospective cohort study of all identified cases admitted to the obstetrics ward and intensive care unit (ICU) from January 2018 to December 2020 at St. Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Medical records were reviewed for clinical features, biochemical profiles, and fetomaternal complications. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 26. A chi-square test was done to look for an association with a p value less than 0.05 considered statistically significant, and an odds ratio was determined to assess the effect size. Results. From 95 cases identified, preeclampsia/eclampsia with liver dysfunction accounted for 43 (45%), followed by hemolysis elevated liver enzyme and low platelet (HELLP syndrome) 35 (36.8%), hyperemesis gravidarum with liver dysfunction 9 (9.5%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) 7 (7.4%), and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy 1 (1.1%). When compared to HELLP syndrome, AFLP showed significantly higher median (IQR) values (p<0.05) for total bilirubin 13.3 (7.3-16.3), direct bilirubin 9.73 (6.87-11.9) mg/dL, prothrombin time 23 (20.4-25.7) seconds, international normalization ratio 2.2 (1.9-2.4), white blood count 23.8 (17.8-26.6)∗103/μL, creatinine 3.5 (2.44-5.6) mg/dL, and lower hemoglobin level of 7.9 (6.2-10) g/dL. There were 4 (4.2%) maternal hospital deaths, with a case fatality rate of HELLP syndrome being 8.6% and 14.3% in AFLP. The overall hospital fetal mortality was 33 (34.7%). In this study, 42 patients with HELLP syndrome and AFLP had an increased risk of maternal ICU admission (OR=25.5, 95% CI: 5.48-118.6, p value = 0.001), acute kidney injury requiring dialysis (OR=12.2, 95% CI: 1.46-102.2, p value = 0.009), placental abruption (OR=14.2, 95% CI: 1.72-117.1, p value = 0.004), and stillbirth (OR=7.2, 95% CI: 2.38-21.7, p value = 0.001). Conclusion. Preeclampsia with liver dysfunction and HELLP syndrome accounted for the majority of cases. It also demonstrated key biochemical characteristics that can be used to distinguish between HELLP syndrome and AFLP. Emphasis has to be given to the risk of requiring maternal ICU admission, dialysis, abruption of the placenta, and stillbirths while managing patients diagnosed with HELLP syndrome and AFLP. © 2022 Sintayehu Mekonnen et al.
Advances in the Toxicological Studies of Atmospheric Particulate Matter; Ambient airborne particular matter (PM) is a major environmental risk to human health in the world. Numerous epidemiological, clinical and experimental studies have demonstrated the association between high exposure levels of PM and an increase in various diseases, including asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pulmonary fibrosis, lung cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, heart diseases, and diabetes. The proposed underlying biological and molecular mechanisms whereby PM causes adverse health effects include oxidative stress, inflammation and genotoxicity. This chapter provides an overview of the recent literature reporting new insights about the molecular mechanisms linking ambient PM exposure and health effects. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Effects of Healthful Bioactive Compounds on the Gastrointestinal Tract; Optimal performance of the liver and gastrointestinal tract is vital for general human health. The gastrointestinal system is the main site of nutrient digestion and absorption, and therefore has substantial effects on providing energy and growth for the body. All nutrient and non-nutrient components have an impact on the gastrointestinal system, either locally or systemically. Undeniably, gastrointestinal disorders, with increasing lifetime prevalence, have a profound effect on human health and reduce the quality of life. Nowadays, therapeutic options are limited to medical therapy, including pharmacologic approaches and surgical intervention or lifestyle changes aimed at dietary modifications and increased physical activity. Certainly, dietary modifications can be effective in preventing, treating, and alleviating associated symptoms and complications. In addition to improving whole dietary patterns, the components of foods, collectively or independently, also have a substantial role in their therapeutic features. These components, particularly bioactive compounds, confer unique health benefits and aid in management of various diseases. Recently, investigators have paid much attention to chemopreventive activity of bioactive dietary compounds in the treatment and prevention of gastrointestinal diseases. Fruits, vegetables and edible plants are the main source of biologically active compounds with anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and protective properties. Most importantly, no major side effects have been reported for these compounds until now. Therefore, this book offers novel targets for prevention, treatment and management of liver and gastrointestinal diseases by providing evidence of effectiveness of bioactive compounds of functional foods. Furthermore, intracellular and molecular pharmacological mechanisms of action of bioactive compounds will also be discussed. It seems that bioactive compounds bring new hope for patients with gastrointestinal disorders through their anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative potential. © 2022 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Approaches for modifying cellular cholesterol levels and their application to mechanistic studies: Examples from the ion channel field; Cholesterol is an essential component of the plasma membrane in mammalian cells. It plays critical roles in numerous cellular functions, including cell signaling, as well as in cell viability, growth, and proliferation. A variety of methods for altering the levels of cholesterol at the cell, tissue, and organism levels have been developed to identify, define, and characterize such roles. In this chapter, we describe the key in vitro and in vivo approaches used for this purpose and the challenges involved in their application. The approaches under consideration include the application of liposomes to enrich Xenopus oocytes, the use of cyclodextrins to either enrich or deplete oocytes, cells, and tissues, the utilization of lipoproteins to alter the levels of cholesterol in cells and tissues, and the administration of specific diets and therapies that affect cholesterol levels in laboratory animals. The chapter concludes with examples demonstrating the results of applying a variety of these approaches in ion channel research. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and Safety of Liraglutide and Semaglutide on Weight Loss in People with Obesity or Overweight: A Systematic Review; Purpose: The effect and safety of Semaglutide and Liraglutide on weight loss in people with obesity or overweight were evaluated by a Network Meta-Analysis system to provide an evidence-based reference for clinical treatment. Methods: Computer searched PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases to collect Liraglutide and Semaglutide injection monotherapy RCTs until April 2022, using Stata 16 software for Network Meta-Analysis. Results: Twenty-three RCTs study with 11,545 patients and 4 interventions (semaglutide 2.4mg, semaglutide 1.0mg, liraglutide 3.0mg and liraglutide 1.8 mg) were finally included. In terms of efficacy, semaglutide 2.4mg (−12.47 kg) had the best weight loss, followed by liraglutide 3.0mg (−5.24 kg), semaglutide 1.0mg (−3.74 kg) and liraglutide 1.8mg (−3.29 kg). In terms of decreased HbA1c, semaglutide 2.4mg (MD=−1.48%, 95% CI [−1.93, −1.04]), semaglutide 1.0mg (MD=−1.36%, 95% CI [−1.72, −1.01]), liraglutide 1.8mg (MD=−1.23%, 95%Cl [−1.66, −0.80]) more effective than placebo. In terms of safety, the total incidence of adverse events was semaglutide 2.4mg > liraglutide 3.0mg > liraglutide 1.8mg > semaglutide 1.0mg compare to placebo, the incidence of serious adverse events was liraglutide 3.0mg > liraglutide 1.8mg > semaglutide 2.4mg > semaglutide 1.0mg, the incidence of hypoglycemic events was semaglutide 2.4mg > liraglutide 3.0mg > semaglutide 1.0mg > liraglutide 1.8mg. Conclusion: This meta-analysis indicates that all GLP-1RAs were more efficacious than placebo in people with obesity or overweight on efficacy. Semaglutide 2.4mg has an absolute advantage in weight loss and decreased HbA1c, but the incidence of total adverse events is also the highest and can cause hypoglycemia. In addition, although liraglutide 3.0mg was less effective than semaglutide 2.4mg, serious adverse events were still the most elevated. © 2022 Xie et al.
Alternative Sweet and Supersweet Principles: Natural Sweeteners and Plants; This book compiles the latest information on different kinds of natural, plant-based super sweeteners. A book on alternative, natural super sweeteners is extremely timely and useful, especially, in light of the decreasing cultivable area, ever increasing demand for sucrose, and the well identified ills of sugar consumption. Every year more than 5.0 million people die due to diabetes and diabetes-associated diseases like cardiovascular, kidney disorder, liver cancer etc. This book describes the use of non-saccharide super sweet principles to counter such maladies. The readers will get an in-depth understanding of different kinds of sweeteners, molecular basis of sweetness, their general classification, plant source with photo-plates etc. The chapters explain different kinds of super-sweet principles. This book emphasizes on the propagation, cultivation and conservation of NSSS plants (NSSSP) and extraction of super sweet principles and granting of generally recognised as safe (GRAS) certificate to sweeteners. The concluding chapter describes the eco-physiological difference between saccharide super sweet and non saccharide sweet plants. The book also describes commercial production of selected potential Natural Super Sweeteners. This book will be of great interest to researchers, extension workers as well as postgraduate students in Food science nutrition, ayurveda, plant physiology, Unani, naturopathy, biochemistry and plant breeding. It would also be of interest to industry stakeholders in sweetener industry and alternative sweetener manufactures. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Phytochemicals and Health; Phytochemicals refer to a large group of non-nutritious but bioactive compounds derived from plant foods including fruits, vegetables, and grains. Due to the considerable diversity in their chemical structures, phytochemicals can be divided into phenolic compounds, carotenoids, terpenoids, organosulfur compounds, glucosinolates, saponins, phytoestrogens, phytic acid, phytosterols, etc. Phytochemicals are not only important for plant growth, but also helpful for plants to survive under various environmental stresses and resist infections of viruses, bacteria, yeasts, and fungi. At the same time, the beneficial roles of phytochemicals in improving human health, such as protecting against coronary heart disease, diabetes, cancers, hypertension, inflammation, and other chronic diseases, have gained increasing interest in recent years. In this chapter, we summarized the definition, classification, physicochemical property, pharmacokinetics, biological effects, and health functions of phytochemicals. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022.
Phytonutrients in the management of glucose metabolism; In the bi-hormonal model, insulin and glucagon are the two major glucoregulatory hormones responsible for glucose disappearance and glucose appearance, respectively. The metabolic imbalance triggered by chronic hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia may result in the impairment of glucose-induced insulin secretion, eventually resulting in the development of diabetes mellitus (DM). Persistent or chronic cases of DM can silently lead to serious complications such as autonomic neuropathy, peripheral neuropathy, nephropathy, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, retinopathy, peripheral arterial disease, cerebrovascular events, and increased susceptibility to infections. A range of agents have been approved for the clinical management of DM, but certain limitations remain, including the incidence of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) for almost all antidiabetic medications and a high cost for certain drug classes. Phytonutrients can play a vital role in the maintenance of health and wellness by protecting against chronic degenerative disorders including DM. Having a favorable safety profile and a low cost, they can be used effectively in the form of extracts or as isolated compounds, allowing them to serve as alternate therapeutic agents in glucose metabolic disorders. Thousands of herbs have been suggested for the treatment of DM, and a plethora of combinations of these products are marketed for the purpose of lowering blood glucose levels and for the treatment of diabetes-associated comorbid conditions. With further developments in the available literature, it is possible that one or more of these agents may become a part of conventional antidiabetic therapies. The present chapter highlights the potential hypoglycemic roles of phytonutrients including phenolic compounds, alkaloids, sulfides, phytosterols, dietary fibers, and carotenoids. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
ORGANIC ANION TRANSPORTING POLYPEPTIDES OATP; The organic anion transporting polypeptides (OATPs) are a superfamily of plasma membrane transporters for endogenous and xenobiotic compounds. With respect to pharmacokinetics, the OATPs are well-recognized determinants of intestinal absorption, tissue distribution, and clearance by eliminating organs. In this chapter, we will review the molecular characteristics of the OATPs, including structure, transport mechanisms, gene expression, as well as transcriptional, post-transcriptional, and epigenetic regulation. Furthermore, we discuss aspects of OATP substrate and inhibitor specificity with specific attention provided to drug and endogenous biomarker transporter activity probes. In the context of clinical pharmacology, the drug-, food-, and formulation-interactions with OATPs are summarized. In addition, the clinical pharmacogenetics and the roles of various diseases on OATP activity and variable drug responses are reviewed. Lastly, we provide an overview of the current understanding of the physiological and pathophysiological roles of OATPs. © 2022 John Wiley and Sons, Inc.
Research progress on the evaluation value of the detection levels of serum IGF-1 and growth hormone for endocrine-related diseases; Growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) are the important endocrine hormones for human, and their associated diseases (e. g. acromegaly and growth hormone deficiency) can lead to obviously increased morbidity and mortality secondary to cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and respiratory diseases. Clinically, the determination and closely monitoring of serum GH and IGF-1 are important means for diagnosing, assessing curative effect and formulating post-treatment follow-up plans of such diseases, and have received extensive concern from clinicians. Although the levels of serum GH and IGF-1 are consistent in most cases, more and more studies have reported that the results of serum GH and IGF-1 are unreasonable or even contradictory. Therefore, in the conditions of inconsistent serum GH and IGF-1 levels, reliable biochemical criteria for assessing disease status and control degree are currently controversial, and their rational interpretation remains a clinical challenge. In present paper, the influence of serum GH and IGF-1 detection methods, physiological and pathological states, and drugs on the detection results and the possible reasons or mechanisms are explained in detail, and proposes that it is necessary to carefully sort out the factors that may lead to unreasonable results in clinic, in order to judge the detection results more accurately and conduct appropriate diagnosis and treatment of the related diseases. © 2022 Authors. All rights reserved.
Genetic polymorphisms related to the vitamin D pathway in patients with cirrhosis with or without hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC); Objective: To evaluate the association of genetic polymorphisms of vitamin D transporter protein (DBPrs4588 and DBP-rs7041) and cytochrome P450-24A1 (CYP24A1-rs6013897) in patients with cirrhosis with or without hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), including demographic/clinical/biochemical profiles. Methods: A total of 383 individuals were studied, considering the total group (TotalG) of patients with cirrhosis (TotalG: N = 158) with or without HCC, distributed into Group 1 (G1): cirrhosis and HCC; Group 2 (G2): isolated cirrhosis; and 225 individuals without hepatopathies (G3). Polymorphisms were analysed by real-time polymerase chain reaction. An alpha error of 5% was admitted. Results: CYP24A1-rs6013897 predominated the genotype with at least one polymorphic allele (_/T) in G1 (98.3%) versus G2 (88.8%; p = 0.0309). There was a moderate positive correlation between vitamin D and parathyroid hormone in patients (TotalG: R2 = 0.3273). Smoking, alcoholism and diabetes mellitus (DM) stood out as independent factors for cirrhosis, as well as for cirrhosis with HCC, except for smoking, adding, in this case, advanced age, male gender, polymorphic allele of CYP24A1-rs6013897, viral hepatitis and high levels of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and creatinine. An increase in survival was observed in the presence of the polymorphic allele of DBP-rs7041 (p = 0.0282). Conclusion: CYP24A1-rs6013897 is associated with cirrhosis and HCC as a predictor, while DBP-rs4588 is associated with reduced vitamin D, and DBP-rs7041 provides increased survival, suggesting a protective characteristic. Advanced age, alcoholism, DM, viral hepatitis and high levels of GGT, AFP and creatinine are also confirmed as predictors of HCC and cirrhosis, while smoking, alcoholism and DM for isolated cirrhosis only. © the authors.
Biomarkers in metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global health challenge characterized as a group of risk factors for developing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Although visceral adipose tissue, adipocyte dysfunction, chronic low-grade inflammation, and insulin resistance are fundamental to MetS, the exact biochemical mechanisms underlying this disease state remain unclear. Numerous biomarkers, however, have been proposed to improve our understanding of its complex pathophysiology and facilitate diagnosis. This review examines these biomarkers and clarifies their potential roles in the pathogenesis, diagnosis, prediction, progression, and severity of MetS and MetS-related disorders. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The association between serum vitamin A and NAFLD among US adults varied in different BMI groups: a cross-sectional study; Background and aims: The association between serum vitamin A (VA) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has not been adequately studied. This study aimed to evaluate the association between them in different BMI groups among US adults. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed using the 2017-2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) datasets (N = 4.723). Linear/logistic regression, interaction effect and mediation analyses were adopted to analyze the association. Results: NAFLD tended to be more prevalent in adults in the middle and high tertiles of serum VA than in those in the low tertile of serum VA (OR [95% CI], 1.17 [0.94, 1.45] and 1.43 [1.16, 1.75]). In the sensitivity analysis, subjects in the middle or high tertile of serum VA had 10% (OR, 1.10 [0.88, 1.39] and 31% (OR, 1.31 [1.09, 1.58]) higher odds of NAFLD than those in the low tertile of serum VA. In the normal weight group, higher serum VA was associated with 125% and 333% higher odds of NAFLD in the middle and high tertiles, respectively, (OR, 2.25 [1.46, 3.48] and 4.33 [2.43, 7.69]) compared with the low tertile serum VA group. However, serum VA and NAFLD were not significantly associated with the obese group. Among different BMI groups (<30 compared with ≥30), serum triglycerides and insulin resistance mediated the association between VA and NAFLD in adults to varying degrees. Conclusions: In the weighted survey, serum VA was positively associated with the degree of NAFLD, especially in the non-obese population. © 2022 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Body Composition Changes During Pregnancy and Effects of Physical Exercise; The study of body composition is a fascinating branch of the biological sciences where research and clinical practice stimulate and complement each other. A strong theoretical background is needed to support the assessment and interpre­tation of body composition measurements, in order to have an impact and useful­ness in the clinical setting, and clinical practice underscores the usefulness and makes sense of research. Body composition is a key component of health-related fitness with physical, morphological, and particularly important health-related implications during pregnancy. Pregnancy poses a major challenge for the study of body composition, as several techniques and overall methods and related assumptions are often not applicable, and pregnancy therefore requires specific assessment approaches. In the present chapter, we present a look into body com­position fundamentals, how body composition can be assessed during pregnancy, and what adaptations should be taken into consideration in the assessment and interpretation of body composition data. In the final section of the present chap-ter, a focus will be put on the effect of exercise on body composition during pregnancy. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019, 2022.
Meta-Analysis of the Effect of Nursing Intervention on Children with Type 2 Diabetes; Objective. To systematically evaluate the effect of nursing intervention on children with type 2 diabetes. Methods. The randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on nursing intervention in children with type 2 diabetes in CNKI, VIP, WanFang, Chinese Biomedical Database (CBM), PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Embase, and Science were searched by the computer until July 2022. Two evaluators reviewed the articles, selected the information, and assessed their quality according to the inclusion criteria and exclusion criteria and then carried out meta-analysis with RevMan 5.3. Results. A total of 5 RCT studies were kept, including 319 patients with type 2 diabetes (≤21 years old), where 162 patients were in the nursing group and 157 patients were in the control group. Meta-analysis revealed that, compared with routine nursing, nursing intervention could effectively control children's fasting blood glucose (FBG) (MD=-1.68, 95% CI (-2.19, -1.17), P<0.00001), 2 h postprandial blood glucose (2hPG) (MD=-4.01, 95% CI (-4.70, -3.33), P<0.00001), fasting insulin (FINS) (MD=-7.42, 95% CI (-10.63, -4.20), P<0.00001), 2 h postprandial insulin (2hINS) (MD=-58.18, 95% CI (-103.24, -13.11), P=0.01), triglycerides (TG) (MD=-0.41, 95% CI (-0.56, -0.25), P<0.00001), and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (MD=-8.85, 95% CI (-14.67, -3.03), P=0.003) and effectively maintain patients' blood glucose at a normal level (MD=-8.85, 95% CI (-14.67, -3.03), P=0.003), where all the differences were statistically significant. Conclusion. The existing evidence showed that nursing intervention has a significant effect in controlling normal blood glucose and improving insulin utilization in children with type 2 diabetes, which can effectively improve the therapeutic effect on children. © 2022 Liying Tang et al.
Skeletal muscle fat; In his chapter the (patho)physiologic role of two distinct skeletal muscle depots, intramuscular adipose tissue and intramyocellular lipids, is reviewed. Connections of skeletal muscle fat infiltration and intracellular accumulation of triglycerides to metabolic and neuromuscular disease, skeletal muscle dystrophy, sports physiology, and skeletal muscle biochemistry are discussed. Physiological considerations for planning of experimental protocols are briefly elaborated. Noninvasive methods of assessment—computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and magnetic resonance spectroscopy—are introduced, and compared, and basic recommendations for data acquisitions and processing are given. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of AMP-activated protein kinase and sirtuins as antiaging proteins; AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and sirtuins are fuel-sensing enzymes. AMPK is activated upon increased AMP/ATP ratio, and sirtuins activation increases by increased NAD+ levels. There are seven isoforms of sirtuin (SIRT1-SIRT7) expressed at different cellular compartments. The most studied sirtuin isoform in the context of aging is SIRT1. SIRT1 and AMPK pathways are correlated and might have coexisted during evolution. They are involved in various age-related processes as they share common cellular targets. Multiple studies have revealed that increased AMPK and sirtuin activity can extend the lifespan of an organism. However, with age, the responsiveness of AMPK and SIRT1 reduces, which affects mitochondrial function, metabolism, increases oxidative stress and promotes inflammation. Increased activity of AMPK and SIRT1 has antiaging effects as observed in different species, and therefore they are believed to serve as potential therapeutic targets to treat age-related disorders. AMPK and SIRT1 activators are considered promising treatment approaches for diabetes, metabolic and mitochondrial disorders, and neurodegeneration. However, the mechanism of action of AMPK and sirtuin modulators is a subject of future research, and rigorous validation of these compounds are required before exploiting these compounds in the treatment of age-associated disorders. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic potential of polysaccharides from Brasenia schreberi regulating insulin signaling pathway and gut microbiota in type 2 diabetic mice; This study aimed to investigate the hypoglycemic activities and gut microbial regulation effects of polysaccharides from Brasenia schreberi (BS) in diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin. Our data indicated that BS polysaccharides not only improved the symptoms of hyperglycemia and relieved metabolic endotoxemia-related inflammation but also optimized the gut microbiota composition of diabetic mice with significantly decreased Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratios. More importantly, altered gut microbiota components may affect liver glycogen and muscle glycogen by increasing the mRNA expression of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) and protein kinase B (Akt) in the liver of mice through modulated the abundance of beneficial bacteria (Lactobacillus). Altogether, our findings, for the first time, demonstrate that BS polysaccharides may be used as a beneficial probiotic agent that reverses gut microbiota dysbiosis and the hypoglycemic mechanisms of BS polysaccharides may be related to enhancing the abundance of Lactobacillus to activate PI3K/Akt-mediated signaling pathways in T2DM mice. © 2022
3.05 - Diet and Microbiota During Pregnancy; A balanced diet during pregnancy is essential for maternal and fetal health. Maternal organs and systems undergo specific adaptations to support pregnancy and the gut microbiota does not seem to be an exception. It may play relevant roles in maternal metabolism and in the outcome of food-related hazards. In addition, the alteration of the gut microbiome may be related with negative pregnancy outcomes. Gut microbiota modulation during pregnancy, through the diet or the use of probiotics, prebiotics and related strategies, is an attractive target since it has the potential to impact on both women and infant health. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Flaxseed has a pronounced effect on gut microbiota; The human digestive tract is inhabited by numerous microorganisms. The total estimated number of gut microorganisms is somewhere between 1013 and 1014, around the total estimated number of human body cells (3–4 × 1013). Bacteria outnumber all other domains of the gut microbes, and the total number of species found in the gut microbiota is estimated to be about 500–1000. The most populous bacterial phyla, constituting more than 90% of the gut microbiota, are Bacteriodetes and Firmicutes. The remainder consists of many species in other phyla in lower abundance, some of which may provide important metabolites and functions for healthy aging. The hypothesis of an important role of gut microbiota in the maintenance of physiological state into the gastrointestinal (GI) system is supported by several studies that have shown qualitative and quantitative alterations of the intestinal flora in a number of gastrointestinal and extragastrointestinal diseases. In the last few years, the importance of gut microbiota impairment in the etiopathogenesis of conditions such as autism, dementia, and mood disorders, has been raised. The evidence of alterations in the inflammatory state, highlighted in disorders such as schizophrenia, major depressive disorder, and bipolar disorder, strongly recalls the microbiota alteration, suggesting that alterations in the GI system have an important role in neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Zonulin levels in complicated pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Zonulin is a novel biomarker of intestinal permeability. The existing data suggest that upregulation of zonulin might be linked to systemic inflammation and pregnancy complications. A systematic search was performed in medical electronic databases to identify eligible studies that reported circulating zonulin levels in complicated pregnancies compared to controls. Eight studies with 1196 serum samples of pregnant women were included in the systematic review. Meta-analysis on four studies revealed a significant increase in serum zonulin in women with Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to healthy controls (Cohen’s d = 2.06; 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.15, 3.98). By pooling four studies that investigated zonulin levels in Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), higher zonulin concentrations were found in cases, while the difference was not significant (Cohen’s d = 0.86; 95% CI: −0.04, 1.75). Current evidence suggests that higher levels of zonulin during pregnancy seem to be associated with inflammation-related complications, including GDM and HDP. Impact StatementWhat is already known on this subject? Increased zonulin levels are considered as a marker of intestinal hyper-permeability. Upregulation of zonulin and concurrent systemic inflammation, are known to be associated with some pregnancy complications. What do the results of this study add? We performed a meta-analysis to evaluate changes in serum zonulin levels in pregnancies complicated with Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). According to our results, zonulin levels were significantly higher in complicated pregnancies than in normal pregnancies, particularly for GDM. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our findings revealed a probable association between increased zonulin levels and inflammation-related complications during pregnancy. Moreover, zonulin could serve as a reliable diagnostic clinical biomarker to identify (or predict) complications during pregnancy. Further studies are needed to examine the clinical accuracy of zonulin for detecting pregnancy-related complications. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Use of Machine Learning and Routine Laboratory Tests for Diabetes Mellitus Screening; Most patients with diabetes mellitus are asymptomatic, which leads to delayed and more complex treatment. At the same time, most individuals are routinely subjected to standard clinical laboratory examinations, which create large health datasets over a lifetime. Computer processing has been used to search for health anomalies and predict diseases using clinical examinations. This work studied machine learning models to support the screening of diabetes through routine laboratory tests using data from laboratory tests of 62,496 patients. The classification and regression models used were the K-nearest neighbor, support vector machines, Bayes naïve, random forest models, and artificial neural networks. Glycated hemoglobin, a test used for diabetes diagnosis, was used as the target. Regression models calculated glycated hemoglobin directly and were later classified. The performance of classification computer models has been studied under various subdataset partitions and combinations (e.g., healthy, prediabetic, and diabetes, as well as no healthy and no diabetes). The best single performance was achieved with the artificial neural network model when detecting prediabetes or diabetes. The artificial neural network classification model scored 78.1%, 78.7%, and 78.4% for sensitivity, precision, and F1 scores, respectively, when identifying no healthy group. Other models also had good results, depending on what is desired. Machine learning-based models can predict glycated hemoglobin values from routine laboratory tests and can be used as a screening tool to refer a patient for further testing.  © 2022 Glauco Cardozo et al.
The impact of oxidative stress of environmental origin on the onset of placental diseases; Oxidative stress (OS) plays a pivotal role in placental development; however, abnormal loads in oxidative stress molecules may overwhelm the placental defense mechanisms and cause pathological situations. The environment in which the mother evolves triggers an exposure of the placental tissue to chemical, physical, and biological agents of OS, with potential pathological consequences. Here we shortly review the physiological and developmental functions of OS in the placenta, and present a series of environmental pollutants inducing placental oxidative stress, for which some insights regarding the underlying mechanisms have been proposed, leading to a recapitulation of the noxious effects of OS of environmental origin upon the human placenta. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A Network Pharmacology Study on the Active Components and Targets of the Radix Ginseng and Radix Bupleuri Herb Pair for Treating Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Objective. To explore the potential active components and corresponding target herb pairs of Radix Ginseng (Renshen) and Radix Bupleuri (Chaihu) in the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) through network pharmacology and in vitro experiments. Methods. The active components and potential targets of the herb pair of Renshen and Chaihu were screened through a network database system, and Venn analysis was performed with the obtained NAFLD targets. The intersecting targets were analysed for gene ontology (GO) functions and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genome (KEGG) pathways, and a protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was generated. Cytoscape software was used to construct active component-Target networks of the Renshen and Chaihu herb pair. Free fatty acids were added to the HepG2 cell line to create high-fat models that were treated with different concentrations of stigmasterol. The effect of stigmasterol on the lipid metabolism in HepG2 cells and PPARγ-knockdown cells was determined by oil red O staining, Nile red staining, and TG level. PPARγ and UCP-1 mRNA, and protein expression levels were detected by qRT-PCR and Western blot analyses, respectively. Results. Twenty active components obtained from the Renshen and Chaihu herb pair were identified. The herb pair active component-Target network showed that both Renshen and Chaihu contained stigmasterol and kaempferol as active components. The PPI network comprised 63 protein nodes. GO enrichment analysis and KEGG pathway enrichment analysis showed that the targets were mainly involved in lipid metabolism. Eight core targets were identified: AKT1, PPARG, MAPK3, TNF, TP53, SIRT1, STAT3, and PPARA. In vitro experiments demonstrated that stigmasterol reduced lipid accumulation and TG levels in HepG2 cells, and the mechanism may have been related to the activation of the PPARγ-UCP-1 signalling pathway. Conclusion. This study preliminarily illustrated the potential components and corresponding core targets of the Renshen and Chaihu herb pair in treating NAFLD. The effect of stigmasterol on the PPARγ-UCP-1 signalling pathway in enhancing lipid metabolism may represent one of the mechanisms of the Renshen and Chaihu herb pair in the treatment of NAFLD. The results provide new evidence and research insights to reveal the roles of Renshen and Chaihu in the management of NAFLD.  © 2022 Qiang Zhang et al.
Gut microbiota in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy; Gut microbiota (GM) is a micro-ecosystem composed of all microorganisms in the human intestine. The interaction between GM and the host plays an important role in maintaining normal physiological functions in the host. Dysbiosis of the GM may cause various diseases. GM has been demonstrated to be associated with human health and disease, and changes during individual development and disease. Pregnancy is a complicated physiological process. Hormones, the immune system, metabolism, and GM undergo drastic changes during pregnancy. Gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy, such as hepatitis, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and pre-eclampsia, can affect both maternal and fetal health. The dysregulation of GM during pregnancy may lead to a variety of diseases, including gastrointestinal diseases. Herein, we review recent research articles on GM in pregnancy-related gastrointestinal diseases, discuss the interaction of the GM with the host under normal physiological conditions, gastrointestinal diseases, and pregnancy-specific disorders. As more attention is paid to reproductive health, the pathogenic mechanism of GM in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy will be further studied to provide a theoretical basis for the use of probiotics to treat these diseases. © 2022. The Author(s). Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All Rights Reserved.
New Discovered Adipokines Associated with the Pathogenesis of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes; Obesity is defined as abnormal or excessive accumulation of adipose tissue, closely associated with the increased risk of various comorbidities, especially type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Adipose tissue is a complex structure responsible for not only fat storage but also releasing adipokines which may play roles in the pathogenesis and could be developed into biomarkers for diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases. This review aims to summarize several adipokines discovered recently that have promising functions in obesity and T2DM. Among them, the levels of FSTL1, WISP1 and Asprosin in subjects with obesity or diabetes are commonly higher than in normal controls, suggesting that they may be pathogenic. Inversely, SFRP5, Metrnl, NRG4 and FAM19A5 may serve as the protective factors. © 2022 Cheng and Yu.
Childhood Overweight and Obesity and Pubertal Onset Among Mexican-American Boys and Girls in the CHAMACOS Longitudinal Study; Secular trends in earlier initiation of puberty have been observed in recent decades. One risk factor appears to be increases in adiposity, as measured by body mass index. This trend is particularly notable among Latino populations, who have higher rates of overweight/obesity compared with non-Latino White youth. Previous research has focused primarily on White girls, resulting in data gaps regarding male puberty and among potentially high-risk populations. Using data from the Center for the Health Assessment of Mothers and Children of Salinas (CHAMACOS) study, we examined body mass index at age 5 years (2005-2006) and multiple markers of pubertal onset, assessed repeatedly and longitudinally at 7 in-person visits, starting at age 9 and continuing through age 14 (2009-2015), among 336 Mexican Americans in Salinas, California. We observed no associations among boys, but found significantly earlier thelarche in overweight (HR = 1.7, 95% CI: 1.1, 2.7) and obese girls (HR = 1.5, 95% CI: 1.0, 2.4), menarche in overweight girls (HR = 1.6; CI: 1.0, 2.4), and pubarche in obese girls (HR = 1.9; CI: 1.2, 3.0), compared with normal-weight girls. This study examined an understudied population and included key covariates, such as birth weight and early adverse events, which are typically omitted in studies. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. All rights reserved.
Investigation of serum phoenixin levels in patients with hypertension; OBJECTIVE: Hypertension is a major modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease and premature death worldwide. Phoenixin is a newly identified neuropeptide with multiple bioactivity. However, there was no published data about phoenixin levels in hypertension. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between phoenixin and hypertension. METHODS: This study was performed in 36 patients with hypertension and 36 healthy controls. Serum phoenixin-14 and phoenixin-20 levels were determined by Enzyme-Linked ImmunoSorbent Assay method. RESULTS: Serum phoenixin-14 and phoenixin-20 values were significantly lower in hypertension patients compared with the control group (p<0.001). The levels of phoenixin-14 were negatively correlated with weight (r=-0.376; p<0.005), body mass index (r=-0.407; p<0.001), systolic blood pressure (r=-0.586; p<0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (r=-0.319; p<0.01). There was a negative correlation between serum phoenixin-20 and weight (r=-0.378; p<0.005), body mass index (r=-0.383; p<0.005), systolic blood pressure (r=-0.551; p<0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (r=-0.306; p<0.01). We used receiver operating characteristic curve analyses to compare the diagnosis value of Phoenixin-14 and Phoenixin-20 levels in hypertensive patients. We found that Phoenixin-14 value is an area under the curve of 0.87 (cutoff value 404.7 ng/L, sensitivity 92%, specificity 72%) and Phoenixin-20 value is an area under the curve of 0.83 (cutoff value 209.9 ng/L, sensitivity 86%, specificity 75%). Phoenixin-14 did nearly show equally compared to phoenixin-20 in predicting hypertension. CONCLUSION: Serum phoenixin-14 and phoenixin-20 may be related to the pathogenesis of hypertension. Our findings indicated that serum phoenixin-14 and phoenixin-20 may serve as a novel biomarker for the diagnosis of hypertension. © 2022 Associacao Medica Brasileira. All rights reserved.
Effect of Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin on Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Mechanisms, Manifestations, Genetics, and Treatment; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine diseases causing infertility in women of childbearing age. It is characterized by hyperandrogenemia (HA), chronic anovulation, and polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM). Most women with PCOS have metabolic abnormalities. Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), a transport carrier that binds estrogen and androgens and regulates their biological activity, is usually used as an indicator of hyperandrogenism in women with PCOS. Low serum SHBG levels are considered a biomarker of metabolic abnormalities and are associated with insulin resistance (IR), HA, and abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism in PCOS patients. SHBG is also related to the long-term prognosis of PCOS, whereas SHBG gene polymorphism is associated with PCOS risk. In addition, the administration of metformin (MET), glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs), thiazolidinediones (TZDs), compound oral contraceptives (COCs), as well as nutrient supplements such as inositol (MI), vitamin D, and synbiotics can regulate SHBG levels to ameliorate PCOS complications and improve prognosis. This review focuses on the interaction between SHBG and various PCOS complications as well as the regulation of SHBG by various drugs and nutrients and its therapeutic effects on PCOS. © 2022 Xing et al.
Maintaining effective beta cell function in the face of metabolic syndrome-associated glucolipotoxicity—nutraceutical options; In people with metabolic syndrome, episodic exposure of pancreatic beta cells to elevated levels of both glucose and free fatty acids (FFAs)—or glucolipotoxicity—can induce a loss of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS). This in turn can lead to a chronic state of glucolipotoxicity and a sustained loss of GSIS, ushering in type 2 diabetes. Loss of GSIS reflects a decline in beta cell glucokinase (GK) expression associated with decreased nuclear levels of the pancreatic and duodenal homeobox 1 (PDX1) factor that drives its transcription, along with that of Glut2 and insulin. Glucolipotoxicity-induced production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), stemming from both mitochondria and the NOX2 isoform of NADPH oxidase, drives an increase in c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) activity that promotes nuclear export of PDX1, and impairs autocrine insulin signaling; the latter effect decreases PDX1 expression at the transcriptional level and up-regulates beta cell apoptosis. Conversely, the incretin hormone glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) promotes nuclear import of PDX1 via cAMP signaling. Nutraceuticals that quell an increase in beta cell ROS production, that amplify or mimic autocrine insulin signaling, or that boost GLP-1 production, should help to maintain GSIS and suppress beta cell apoptosis in the face of glucolipotoxicity, postponing or preventing onset of type 2 diabetes. Nutraceuticals with potential in this regard include the following: phycocyanobilin—an inhibitor of NOX2; agents promoting mitophagy and mitochondrial biogenesis, such as ferulic acid, lipoic acid, melatonin, berberine, and astaxanthin; myo-inositol and high-dose biotin, which promote phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt activation; and prebiotics/probiotics capable of boosting GLP-1 secretion. Complex supplements or functional foods providing a selection of these agents might be useful for diabetes prevention. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Goji berry (Lycium barbarum) supplementation during pregnancy influences insulin sensitivity in rabbit does but not in their offspring; This study investigated the effects of Goji berry (Lycium barbarum) dietary supplementation during pregnancy on insulin sensitivity of rabbit does and their offspring. Starting from two months before the artificial insemination, 75 New Zealand White does were fed only commercial standard diet (C) or supplemented with 1% (G1) and 3% (G3) of Goji berries. Their offspring received a standard diet but kept the nomenclature of the mother’s group. Fasting and intravenous glucose tolerance test-derived indices were estimated at 21 days of pregnancy on rabbit does and at 90 days of age on the offspring. No difference was found in the fasting indices, while the diet modulated the response to glucose load of rabbit does. In particular, G3 group had the lowest glucose concentrations 5 min after the bolus administration (p < 0.05) and, as a result, differed in the parameters calculated during the elimination phase such as the elimination rate constant (Kel ), the half-life of the exogenous glucose load (t1/2 ), and apparent volume of distribution (Vd; for all, p < 0.05). The high dose of Goji supplementation could thus enhance the first-phase glucose-induced insulin secretion. Findings on the offspring were inconsistent and therefore a long-term effect of Goji supplementation during pregnancy could not be demonstrated. Further study on the effect of Goji on the secretory pathway of insulin could clarify its hypoglycaemic action, while different protocols are needed to investigate its potential effects on foetal programming. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diagnosis and management of thrombocytopenia in pregnancy; Thrombocytopenia, defined as platelet count ＜150×109/L, is frequently observed by physicians during pregnancy, with an incidence of approximately 10% of all pregnancies. Most of the cases of thrombocytopenia in pregnancy are due to gestational thrombocytopenia, which does not confer an increased risk of maternal bleeding. However, because other causes can be associated with life-threatening events, such as severe bleeding, that can affect to maternal and fetal outcomes, differentiating other cause of thrombocytopenia, which includes preeclampsia, HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets) syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, immune thrombocytopenia, hereditary thrombocytopenia, antiphospholipid syndrome, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome, is important. Understanding the mechanisms and recognition of symptoms and signs are important to decide an adequate line of investigation. In this review, the approach to diagnosis and the management of the thrombocytopenia commonly observed in pregnancy are presented. © 2022 Korean Society of Hematology
The Association Between Vitamin D and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Complicated with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: An Observational Cross-Sectional Study; Objective: To investigate the association between vitamin D deficiency and NAFLD risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Overall, 434 patients with T2DM admitted to Hebei General Hospital from January 2019 to December 2019 were selected as the study subjects. According to abdominal ultrasound findings, patients were divided into the NAFLD group and the non-NAFLD group. Participants were divided into two study groups according to the 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] level. 25(OH)D deficiency was defined if 25(OH)D vitamin levels were <20 ng/mL. Chi-square test and one-way analysis of variance were used to compare groups. The relationship between 25(OH)D and NAFLD risk was analyzed using correlation and regression analyses. Furthermore, subgroup analyses were performed to verify the robustness of the results. Results: The 25(OH)D level in patients with T2DM complicated by NAFLD was significantly lower than in patients with T2DM only. Vitamin D deficiency was highly prevalent among T2DM patients with NAFLD. This study suggested that vitamin D deficiency was an independent factor for developing NAFLD in patients with T2DM. T2DM patients with vitamin D deficiency had 2.045 times higher risk of developing NAFLD than those without vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D deficiency was associated with high NAFLD preference in T2DM patients with BMI >23kg/m2, but not those with BMI ≤23kg/m2. The significant correlation between vitamin D deficiency and NAFLD was found in participants with BMI >23kg/m2, age ≤65 years, without hypertension, TG <1.7mmol/l, HDL ≥1 mmol/l in men, ≥1.3 mmol/l in women, HBA1C ≤7%, or females. Conclusion: This study suggests that T2DM people with BMI >23kg/m2 were more susceptible to NAFLD by vitamin D deficiency and that it is necessary to maintain optimal serum vitamin D levels in this population. © 2022 Xing et al.
Ultra-processed foods and health: a comprehensive review; Dramatically increasing trends in consumption of ultra-processed foods have been reported across the globe. Public concern about the health consequences of ultra-processed foods is high. This manuscript provides a comprehensive review of trends in global consumption of ultra-processed foods, dietary nutrient profile of ultra-processed foods, demographic, socioeconomic, psychological, and behavioral characteristics of ultra-processed food consumers, current evidence from longitudinal studies at the population level on the association between ultra-processed foods consumption and major health outcomes (including all-cause and cause-specific mortality, cardiovascular disease, overweight and obesity, body composition and fat deposition, diabetes, cancer, and gastrointestinal and other diseases), potential mechanisms linking ultra-processed foods with these outcomes (nutrient displacement, factors that influence adiposity, and processing), and challenges and future research directions. The global trends in consumption of ultra-processed foods, the generally unfavorable nutrient profile of ultra-processed foods, the characteristics of ultra-processed food consumers, the accumulating longitudinal studies associating ultra-processed foods with major health outcomes, and the uncertainties and complexities in putative mechanisms all highlight the need for future high-quality epidemiologic and mechanistic investigations on this topic. It is critical to interpret findings in the light of the totality of evidence. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Serum Fibrinogen-Like Protein 1 Levels in Obese Patients Before and After Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy: A Six-Month Longitudinal Study; Purpose: Fibrinogen-like protein (FGL)-1 is an original hepatokine with a critical role in developing hepatic steatosis. This study intends to examine the pre-and postoperative serum FGL-1 levels in bariatric patients and identify its relationship with other clinical indicators. Patients and Methods: Ninety-two individuals (60 bariatric patients and 32 people with normal weight) were enrolled in this research between July 2018 and April 2021. All bariatric patients finished follow-up visits 6 months after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG). Clinical data, anthropometric parameters, biochemical variables, FibroScan, and serum FGL-1 levels were collected at baseline and 6 months after LSG. Results: FGL-1 levels in patients with obesity (44.66±20.03 ng/mL) were higher than in individuals with normal weight (20.73±9.73 ng/mL, p < 0.001). After LSG, FGL-1 levels were significantly decreased (27.53±11.45 ng/mL, p < 0.001). Besides, body mass index (BMI), liver enzyme levels, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, uric acid (UA), controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), and liver stiffness measurement (LSM) were significantly improved. After adjusting possible confounders, FGL-1 levels at baseline were negatively associated with changes in LSM levels; changes in FGL-1 levels showed positive correlations with changes in alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and UA levels at 6 months after surgery. Conclusion: Serum FGL-1 levels were significantly decreased following LSG in patients with obesity. The preoperative serum FGL-1 levels could be a predictor of postoperative liver fibrosis improvement. Furthermore, the decreased FGL-1 levels were associated with improved liver enzymes and UA but not with bodyweight or glucolipid metabolism. © 2022 Dilimulati et al.
Postconditioning with Irisin Attenuates Lung Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury by Suppressing Ferroptosis via Induction of the Nrf2/HO-1 Signal Axis; Iron-dependent lipid peroxidation causes ferroptosis. This study was aimed at verifying that irisin postconditioning can inhibit ferroptosis and minimize lung ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) damage via activating the Nrf2/HO-1 signal axis. We constructed a murine model of I/R lung damage. At the onset of reperfusion, irisin, ferroptosis inhibitor ferrostatin-1, and ferroptosis inducer Fe-citrate were all administered. We discovered that irisin could reduce lung I/R injury, consistent with ferrostatin-1's action. Furthermore, irisin suppressed ferroptosis in lung I/R damage, as evidenced by lower ROS, MDA, and Fe2+, as well as alterations in critical protein expression (GPX4 and ACSL4). However, Fe-citrate abolished the protective effects of irisin. Transcriptome research found that irisin increased the mRNA levels of Nrf2 and HO-1. Thus, we used siRNA to investigate the role of the Nrf2/HO-1 axis in irisin-mediated protection against hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R) damage in MLE-12 cells. Irisin consistently reduced ferroptosis and improved mitochondrial dysfunction caused by H/R. Irisin's cytoprotective function was eliminated when Nrf2 was silenced. As a result, irisin postconditioning may protect against lung I/R damage by suppressing ferroptosis via the Nrf2/HO-1 signaling axis.  © 2022 Yun Wang et al.
LC-MS-Based Lipidomic Analysis of Serum Samples from Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM); Background. With the development of social economy, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is becoming a severe health problem globally. Methods. To systematically understand the lipid metabolism in T2DM, we applied untargeted lipidomics to the serum of T2DM patients and control group using ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography (UHPLC) coupled with high-resolution mass spectrometry (MS). Results. Over two thousand molecular features were detected by our approach, of which 222 lipid species in positive ion mode and 145 species in negative were reliably identified based on precise molecular weights and MS/MS patterns. Multivariate analysis was adopted to differentiate T2DM patients and the control group using principal component analysis (PCA) and orthogonal partial least squares discrimination analysis (OPLS-DA). The dysregulated lipid species were found and their significance in pathophysiology was discussed. Correlation analysis of selected lipids and important clinical variables was performed and addressed. Conclusions. This study unveils several new lipids and pathways considerably involved in T2DM and provides novel insights into understanding the pathogenesis underlying T2DM. © 2022 Jia Liu et al.
Adipose tissue spexin in physical exercise and age-associated diseases; It is known that a strong association exists between a suboptimal lifestyle (physical inactivity and sedentary behavior and/or high calorie diet) and increased propensity of developing age-associated diseases, such as obesity and T2DM. Physical exercise can alleviate obesity-induced insulin resistance and T2DM, however, the precise mechanism for this outcome is not fully understood. The endocrine disorder of adipose tissue in obesity plays a critical role in the development of insulin resistance. In this regard, spexin has been recently described as an adipokine that plays an important role in the pathophysiology of obesity-induced insulin resistance and T2DM. In obese states, expression of adipose tissue spexin is reduced, inducing the adipose tissue and skeletal muscle more susceptible to insulin resistance. Emerging evidences point out that exercise can increase spexin expression. In return, spexin could exert the exercise-protective roles to ameliorate insulin resistance, suggesting that spexin is a potential mediator for exercise to ameliorate obesity-induced insulin resistance and T2DM, namely, the beneficial effect of exercise on insulin sensitivity is at least partly mediated by spexin. This review summarizes our and others’ recent studies regarding the effects of obesity on adipose tissue spexin induction, along with the potential effect of exercise on this response in obese context, and provides a new insight into the multivariate relationship among exercise, spexin and T2DM. It should be therefore taken into account that a combination of spexin and exercise training is an effective therapeutic strategy for age-associated diseases. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
How the placenta-brain lipid axis impacts the nutritional origin of child neurodevelopmental disorders: Focus on attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder; Dietary fish is a rich source of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, and as such, is believed to have played an important role in the evolution of the human brain and its advanced cognitive function. The long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, particularly the n-3 docosahexanoic acid (DHA), are critical for proper neurological development and function. Both low plasma DHA and obesity in pregnancy are associated with neurodevelopmental disorders such as attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in childhood, and n-3 supplementation has been shown to improve symptoms, as reviewed herein. The mechanisms underlying the connection between maternal obesity, n-3 fatty acid levels and offspring's neurological outcomes are poorly understood, but we review the evidence for a mediating role of the placenta in this relationship. Despite promising data that n-3 fatty acid supplementation mitigates the effect of maternal obesity on placental lipid metabolism, few clinical trials or animal studies have considered the neurological outcomes of offspring of mothers with obesity supplemented with n-3 FA in pregnancy. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Liver, NAFLD and COVID-19; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is characterized by a wide clinical spectrum that includes abnormalities in liver function indicative of liver damage. Conversely, people with liver diseases are at higher risk of severe COVID-19. In the current review, we summarize first the epidemiologic evidence describing the bidirectional relationship between COVID-19 and liver function/liver diseases. Additionally, we present the most frequent histologic findings as well as the most important direct and indirect mechanisms supporting a COVID-19 mediated liver injury. Furthermore, we focus on the most frequent liver disease in the general population, non-alcoholic or metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (NAFLD/MAFLD), and describe how COVID-19 may affect NAFLD/MAFLD development and progression and conversely how NAFLD/MAFLD may further aggravate a COVID-19 infection. Finally, we present the long-term consequences of the pandemic on the development and management of NAFLD. © 2022 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Effects of Low Protein-High Carbohydrate Diet during Early and Late Pregnancy on Respiratory Quotient and Visceral Adiposity; Background. Low Protein-High Carbohydrate (LPHC) diet during pregnancy is considered a nutritional and health problem related to the development of maternal metabolic alterations, such as fatty liver and obesity in the perinatal and postnatal period. It is known that increase in visceral adiposity tissue (VAT) modulates maternal metabolic rate, with the respiratory quotient (RQ) being a parameter related to that variable; however, it is unknown whether LPHC intake during pregnancy affects the VAT and the RQ. In this study, we examine if consumption of LPHC during pregnancy modifies the VAT and RQ in early and late periods of pregnancy. Methods. This is a longitudinal and cross-sectional study with Wistar rats during gestation (G) (3, 8, 15, and 20) and nonpregnant rats. Rats were fed with a control diet with 63/18% carbohydrate/protein and an experimental diet with 79/6% carbohydrate/protein. We studied water and food consumption and metabolic parameters such as RQ and energy expenditure (EE), calculated by indirect calorimetry. In the cross-sectional study, we determined visceral fat, as well as the concentration of free fatty acids, insulin, glucose, and lipid profile in serum. Results. Nonpregnant rats with LPHC intake decreased significantly in VAT (86%) and the RQ (18%); in pregnant rats in early (8G) and late pregnancy (15G) in LPHC diet, both parameters (VAT and RQ) (25%-92%) increased during light time. When comparing time points during pregnancy in the control and LPHC groups, the RQ increased in 15G during daytime compared to 8G during the night period (17 and 5%, respectively). In late pregnancy, LPHC intake and triacylglyceride levels increased and cholesterol and glucose decreased (45 and 26%, respectively), in comparison to nonpregnant rats. Conclusions. LPHC intake in nonpregnant rats decreases the RQ and VAT. Interestingly, the opposite occurs in early pregnancy: The RQ and VAT increased, and this correlates with free fatty acid (FFA) levels. The increase in RQ and VAT during light time in early pregnancy increased mobilization of carbohydrate and protein metabolism. These results suggest that LPHC intake during pregnancy increases the glucose metabolism as a compensatory mechanism for energy needs in the fetus and the mother in early pregnancy. © 2022 Mónica Navarro-Meza et al.
Characterizing skeletal muscle dysfunction in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine condition affecting women. It has traditionally been viewed as a primarily reproductive disorder; however, it is increasingly recognized as a lifelong metabolic disease. Women with PCOS are at increased risk of insulin resistance (IR), type 2 diabetes mellitus, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and cardiovascular disease. Although not currently a diagnostic criterion, IR is a cardinal pathophysiological feature and highly prevalent in women with PCOS. Androgens play a bidirectional role in the pathogenesis of IR, and there is a complex interplay between IR and androgen excess in women with PCOS. Skeletal muscle has a key role in maintaining metabolic homeostasis and is also a metabolic target organ of androgen action. Skeletal muscle is the organ responsible for the majority of insulin-mediated glucose disposal. There is growing interest in the relationship between skeletal muscle, androgen excess and mitochondrial dysfunction in the pathogenesis of metabolic disease in PCOS. Molecular mechanisms underpinning defects in skeletal muscle dysfunction in PCOS remain to be elucidated, but may represent promising targets for future therapeutic intervention. In this review, we aim to explore the role of skeletal muscle in metabolism, focusing particularly on perturbations in skeletal muscle specific to PCOS as observed in recent molecular and in vivo human studies. We review the possible role of androgens in the pathophysiology of skeletal muscle abnormalities in PCOS, and identify knowledge gaps, areas for future research and potential therapeutic implications. Despite increasing interest in the area of skeletal muscle dysfunction in women with PCOS, significant challenges and unanswered questions remain, and going forward, novel innovative approaches will be required to dissect the underlying mechanisms. © The Author(s), 2022.
Impact of Combined Antiretroviral Therapy on Metabolic Syndrome Components in Adult People Living with HIV: A Literature Review; The development of metabolic derangements as a result of HIV treatment has been an important area of research since the introduction of zidovudine in the 1980’s. Antiretroviral therapy has intensely evolved in the last three decades, with new drugs gradually incorporated into everyday clinical practice. With the life expectancy of people living with HIV rapidly approaching that of their HIV-negative counterparts, the influence of these antiretrovirals on the development of the components of the metabolic syndrome remains of major interest to clinicians and their patients. In this review, we aimed to discuss the impact of cART on components of the metabolic syndrome, i.e., weight, plasma lipid levels, plasma glucose levels, and blood pressure, describing the influence of cART classes and of individual antiretrovirals. We also aimed to outline the limitations of the research conducted to date and the remaining knowledge gaps in this area. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Early-pregnancy maternal heart rate is related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Objective: The study examined the association between resting heart rate (RHR) of early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese population. Methods: As retrospective study, medical data of 15,092 pregnant women gave birth in 2019 was collected and analyzed. The pregnant women's age, educational level, pre-pregnancy body weight, height, parity, family history of diabetes, lipid profile, blood pressure and RHR were recorded during 11 ∼ 13+6 weeks. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and RHR and GDM. And we further evaluated the predictive roll of RHR in different sub-groups defined by their body mass index (BMI), age, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol and triglyceride. Results: 2313 women (15.33%) were diagnosed as GDM according to 75 g OGTT. According to the quartile value of RHR, the subjects were divided into four groups. Risk of GDM increased significantly as RHR increased. In the fully adjusted model, ORs(95%CI) for the lowest vs highest quartiles of heart rate were 1(as reference), 1.14(0.97 ∼ 1.33), 1.25(1.05 ∼ 1.40), 1.41(1.21 ∼ 1.62), respectively. In the subgroup's analysis, we found the relationship between RHR and risk of GDM was evident in women with low and normal BMI; with normal fasting plasma; and normal serum lipid level. Conclusion: The current study shows early-pregnancy maternal RHR is associated with potential risk of developing GDM. © 2021 The Authors
Metabolic Syndrome: Updates on Pathophysiology and Management in 2021; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) forms a cluster of metabolic dysregulations including insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, central obesity, and hypertension. The pathogenesis of MetS encompasses multiple genetic and acquired entities that fall under the umbrella of insulin resistance and chronic low-grade inflammation. If left untreated, MetS is significantly associated with an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Given that CVDs constitute by far the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, it has become essential to investigate the role played by MetS in this context to reduce the heavy burden of the disease. As such, and while MetS relatively constitutes a novel clinical entity, the extent of research about the disease has been exponentially growing in the past few decades. However, many aspects of this clinical entity are still not completely understood, and many questions remain unanswered to date. In this review, we provide a historical background and highlight the epidemiology of MetS. We also discuss the current and latest knowledge about the histopathology and pathophysiology of the disease. Finally, we summarize the most recent updates about the management and the prevention of this clinical syndrome. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Xiao-Chai-Hu Decoction Ameliorates Poly (I:C)-Induced Viral Pneumonia through Inhibiting Inflammatory Response and Modulating Serum Metabolism; Viral pneumonia is widespread, progresses rapidly, and has a high mortality rate. Developing safe and effective therapies to treat viral pneumonia can minimize risks to public health and alleviate pressures on the associated health systems. Xiao-Chai-Hu (XCH) decoction can be used in the treatment of viral pneumonia. However, the mechanisms of XCH on viral pneumonia remain unclear. In this study, poly (I:C) was used to establish a mouse model of viral pneumonia, and the therapeutic effects of XCH on viral pneumonia were assessed. Furthermore, we evaluated the effects of XCH on inflammatory response. Lastly, untargeted metabolomics were used to study the metabolic regulatory mechanisms of XCH on viral pneumonia model mice. Our results showed that XCH treatment decreased the wet/dry ratio in lung tissue, total protein concentration, and total cell count in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF). H&E staining indicated that XCH treatment alleviated the pathological changes in lung. Moreover, XCH treatment decreased the levels of proinflammatory cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α) and lowered the ratio of CD86+/CD206+ macrophages and CD11b+LY6G+ neutrophils in BALF. XCH treatment also decreased the myeloperoxidase (MPO) and reduced the phosphorylations of PI3K, AKT, and NF-B p65 in lung. Serum untargeted metabolomics analysis showed that XCH treatment could affect 18 metabolites in serum such as creatine, hydroxyproline, cortisone, hydrocortisone, corticosterone, hypotaurine, and taurine. These metabolites were associated with arginine and proline metabolism, steroid hormone biosynthesis, and taurine and hypotaurine metabolism processes. In conclusion, our study demonstrated that treatment with XCH can ameliorate viral pneumonia and reduce inflammatory response in viral pneumonia. The mechanism of action of XCH in the treatment of viral pneumonia may be associated with inhibiting the activation of PI3K/AKT/NF-B signaling pathway in lung and regulating arginine and proline metabolism, steroid hormone biosynthesis, and taurine and hypotaurine metabolism in serum.  © 2022 Feng Chen et al.
RELATIONSHIP OF SERUM ADIPONECTIN LEVELS WITH GLYCAEMIC STATUS IN PREGNANT WOMEN; Background: Adiponectin plays an important role in glucose metabolism and released in response to insulin. It helps to decrease glucose levels and insulin resistance; however, this relation is not been studied in pregnant ladies. Objective was to determine serum adiponectin level and glycaemic status in pregnant women belonging to Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) and to find any possible relationship between them. Methods: Hundred pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 100 healthy pregnant women without GDM were randomly selected in a cross-sectional study. After an overnight fast, their blood samples were taken for determination of serum adiponectin, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and fasting blood glucose (FBG). The relationship of adiponectin with glycaemic status was determined with Pearson Correlations coefficient (r). Results: Pregnant women with GDM when compared to healthy pregnant women showed significantly low levels of serum adiponectin (μg/mL) (2.2±0.2 vs. 11.25±4.8, p<0.05) and significantly high level of FBG (mg/dl) (182.7±64.2 vs. 93.6±5.9, p<0.05) and HbA1c (%) (7.4±0.1 vs. 5.4±0.1, p<0.05). Serum adiponectin level showed a statistically significant negative correlation with FBG (r = -0.203, p=0.042) and HbA1c (r = -0.744, p=0.000) in pregnant women with GDM. Conclusion: Serum adiponectin concentration is markedly decreased in pregnant women with GDM which concludes that Hypoadiponectinemia is related with deranged (elevated) glycaemic status in pregnancy. Moreover, adiponectin is associated negatively with FBG and HbA1c in the studied population. © 2022 Ayub Medical College. All Rights Reserved.
Functional food ingredients for control of gestational diabetes mellitus: a review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is highly prevalent worldwide, with an estimated 10-15% percent of pregnancies affected. Increasing evidence indicates that functional food ingredients (FFIs) may help relieve GDM via multiple mechanisms, such as eliminating free radicals, downregulating inflammation, promoting insulin secretion and signaling, targeting hepatic gluconeogenesis and glycogen storage metabolism, and regulating the intestinal microflora. In this article, the effects of functional food ingredients on GDM and the possible underlying mechanisms of action are reviewed. This review provides reference information that can be useful for the development of novel functional supplements for the control of GDM. © 2022, Sociedade Brasileira de Ciencia e Tecnologia de Alimentos, SBCTA. All rights reserved.
Microbiome-based therapeutics: Opportunity and challenges; The autochthonous microbial communities comprising symbionts, commensals, and opportunistic pathogens living throughout the human body profoundly contribute to health by reducing disease susceptibility and maturing host immunity. The community compositions and functional repertoires of microbiomes present in the different body habitats are dynamic. The structural and functional balance of the human microbiome could be modulated by environmental factors, lifestyle, and host genetics. Several functions of the microbial community directly or indirectly modulate host cellular signaling pathways that are associated with energy assimilation, sensing and responding to environmental signals through the neuroendocrine pathways, and resistance against colonization of allochthonous microbiota with disease-causing potential. Both culture-dependent and independent characterizations of microbial community compositions and their functional attributes help us to recognize the importance of microbial diversity in individual's health and identify the microbes and their metabolites associated with health and diseases. Such an in-depth understanding of the human microbiome created avenues of microbiome-based translation research, which led to the discovery and development of large numbers of medical therapies. In this chapter, we discuss the current success of microbiome-based therapies for infectious and metabolic diseases, and the major bottleneck and challenges of translational research with the community of symbiotic microorganisms. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
ALT/AST as an Independent Risk Factor of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Compared with TG/HDL-C; Objective: This study aimed to find the association between alanine transaminase-toaspartate aminotransferase ratio (ALT/AST) and the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 1128 pregnant women were included in this prospective, double-center, observational cohort study. ALT, AST and total bilirubin (TBil) were tested during 6-12 weeks of gestation and 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted during 24-28 weeks of gestation to screen GDM. The association between ALT/AST and glucose concentration during OGTT was analyzed by linear regression model. The OR with 95% CI for incidence of GDM associated with ALT/AST was estimated by binary logistic regression. The discriminatory values of ALT/AST and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) for GDM were calculated by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC-AUC). Results: The incidence of GDM was 22.07% (249/1128). ALT/AST was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (0.92 [0.75, 1.18] vs 0.80[0.65, 1.02], P <0.001). ALT/AST had positive correlations with fasting blood glucose, 1-hour and 2-hour blood glucose concentration during OGTT (0.089 [95% CI: 0.034, 0.163], 0.176 [95% CI: 0.052, 0.104], and 0.115 [95% CI: 0.199, 0.609], respectively). The OR of ALT/AST for incidence of GDM was 1.603 (95% CI:1.097, 2.344). The ROC-AUC of ALT/AST and TG/HDL-C reached 0.615 (95% CI: 0.575, 0.655) and 0.619 (95% CI: 0.580, 0.659), respectively. Conclusion: ALT/AST in early pregnancy was an independent risk factor of GDM. The predictive ability of ALT/AST was similar to TG/HDL-C for GDM. © 2022 Song et al. This work is published and licensed by Dove Medical Press Limited.
Omega-3 supplementation in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) - A review of clinical trials and cohort; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women associated with cardiovascular disease and obesity. The possible benefits of omega-3 supplementation in this syndrome have been discussed much. This study is aimed to verify, based on the scientific data published, if there are any benefits in the omega-3 supplementation in the treatment of PCOS and to indicate its possible dosages for the treatment of polycystic ovary. The work consists of a systematic review of clinical trials and cohort of the MEDLINE/PubMed database from 2009 to October 2019. All studies that analyzed the omega-3 supplementation in women with PCOS were included. Cross-sectional studies, review articles, systematic reviews, meta-analysis, duplicates, studies in animals or cell culture, studies with omega-3 supplementation via food or associated with other supplementations were not included, except those involving vitamin E. In total, 21 articles were selected. Despite the heterogeneity of the studies selected, indirect benefits were observed mainly regarding the glycemic profile, such as insulin resistance reduction, lipid profile modulation (i.e. decrease in total cholesterol, triglycerides, and elevation of high-density lipoprotein), and the regulation of the androgenic profile. As for the anthropometric profile, the studies were scarce and most of them had no significant meaning. Regarding the antioxidant profile and inflammatory biomarkers, the findings differ among studies, but promising results were observed with different doses over 12 weeks of use, such as C-reactive protein (CRP) reduction. Thus, omega-3 fatty acids promote indirect benefits in the treating of women with PCOS. However, to reveal well-defined standards for dosage and supplementation time, further studies are needed.  © 2022 Vitoria Melo et al., published by Sciendo.
Probiotic Fermented Foods and Health Promotion; In recent years, there has been a rapid growth in the applications of food fermentation or its derived products like probiotics for the management and treatment of various diseases like/related to gastrointestinal tract, liver, allergies, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders and cancer. The positive effects of probiotics depend upon several factors, such as using single and combination of strains, or genetic, biochemical and physiological differences among the strains of the same species, as well as the bioactive components released into the foods as by-products of the fermentation process. Moreover, in general the most commonly used probiotic strains include lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and Bifidobacteria. Several scientific studies have pointed out the important role of probiotics as a part of a healthy diet for humans, animals and plays an important role in food bio-preservation. These health benefits of probiotics have an opportunity to provide a safe, cost-effective, and natural approach that adds a barrier against microbial infection. Although, a huge number of research investigations suggests probiotic health benefits, however information on probiotic species, probiotic strain therapeutic application, and its dosages, is not adequately studied to allow a generalized practical and rational consumption for the consumers. Current regulation of probiotics is been considered as inadequate. Therefore, further toxicological studies, safety, efficacy and assessment of probiotic strains must be defined clearly to gain the confidence of consumers. This chapter presents all the possible insight of probiotics, including the role of starter culture used in probiotics preparations, health benefits, probiotics mechanism of action as well as its safety aspects. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Analysis of specific lipid metabolites in cord blood of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; This work aimed to clarify the interaction between the fetus and pregnant patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the lipid metabolomics analysis of the fetal umbilical cord blood of GDM patients and normal pregnant women were performed to screen out the specific lipid metabolites for pathogenesis of GDM. From 2019- 2020, 21 patients with GDM and 22 normal pregnant women were enrolled in Hexian Memorial Hospital, Panyu District, Guangzhou. The general information such as weight, height, age, body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy were analyzed. Non-targeted metabonomic detection and analysis were performed in umbilical cord plasma using LCMS method. The age, BMI, delivery methods, and infant weight were different between GDM and control. There were 167 lipid metabolites in umbilical cord blood associated with GDM. Among them, 158 upregulated and 9 downregulated in GDM. There were 13 dysregulated metabolites with C < 30, including Lyso-phosphatidyl-colines LPC 16:0, 18:2, 18:1, 18:0, 20:4 and 22:6, glycerophosphocholines PC O-16:1, oleoylcarnitine CAR 18:2 and 18:1, dihexosylceramides Hex2Cer 13:0;2O, phosphatidylethanolamine PE O-22:6_2:0 and PE O-22:6_3:0 and sphingomyelin SM 8:0; 2O/11:0. Those metabolites were associated with glycerophospholipid metabolism and sphingolipid metabolism. Therefore, Lyso-phosphatidyl-colines, glycerophosphocholines, oleoylcarnitine, dihexosylceramides, phosphatidylethanolamine, and sphingomyelin were main lipid metabolites of GDM, which might be used for diagnosis and treatment of GDM. © 2022 Centro Regional de Invest. Cientif. y Tecn.. All rights reserved.
Therapeutic Benefits of Alpha-Lipoic Acid Supplementation in Diabetes Mellitus: A Narrative Review; Elevated oxidative stress is a common denominator between pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and diabetes complications, prompting the use of antioxidant compounds in diabetes therapy. Alpha-lipoic acid (ALA), has been investigated for its role as a potent antioxidant in diabetes treatment and the results from clinical trials indicate improved glucose metabolism, reduced oxidative stress, improved endothelial dysfunction, a decline in platelet reactivity and moderate improvements to weight loss yet conflicting data regarding insulin metabolism. ALA inhibits nuclear factor kappa B (NFkB), chelates divalent transient metal ions and induces the expression of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK). This narrative review explores the results from clinical trials investigating the role of ALA in the treatment of diabetes mellitus. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Probiotics improve renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: The role of probiotics in the management of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has been shown. Several current trials are investigating the effect of probiotics, which are widely used to modulate biomarkers of renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with DKD. However, their findings are controversial. This study aimed to systematically evaluate the impact of probiotics on patients with DKD via meta-analysis. Methods: PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Scopus, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Wanfang Database and Chinese VIP Database were searched for relevant studies from the establishment of these databases to September 2021. The pooled results evaluated the impact of probiotics on renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress indicators in patients with DKD. Additionally, subgroup analysis was performed based on intervention duration, probiotic dose and probiotic consumption patterns, respectively. Results: Ten trials that included 552 participants were identified for analysis. Compared with the controls, probiotics significantly decreased serum creatinine (Scr) [WMD = −0.17 mg/dL; 95%CI = −0.29, −0.05; p = 0.004], blood urea nitrogen (BUN) [WMD = −1.36 mg/dL; 95%CI = −2.20, −0.52; p = 0.001], cystatin C (Cys C) [WMD = −29.50 ng/mL; 95%CI = −32.82, −26.18; p < 0.00001], urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) [WMD = −16.05 mg/g; 95%CI = −27.12, −4.99; p = 0.004] and natrium (Na) [WMD = −0.94 mmol/L; 95%CI = −1.82, −0.05; p = 0.04] in patients with DKD. Enhanced glycemic control was observed in patients with DKD receiving probiotics compared with controls, as demonstrated by reduced levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Probiotics affected lipid metabolism parameters with decreasing triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) levels in patients with DKD. Probiotics could also could improve inflammation and oxidative stress by decreasing high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), plasma malondialdehyde (MDA), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), glutathione (GSH) and nitric oxide (NO). Additionally, subgroup analysis showed that those who received multiple species probiotics had a statistically significant difference in BUN, FPG, HOMA-IR, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), MDA, TAC, and NO. Meanwhile, Scr, LDL-c, HDL-c, MDA, and TAC were ameliorated when the intervention duration was more than eight weeks and BUN, FPG, HOMA-IR, and MDA were improved when the probiotic dose was greater than four billion CFU/day. Conclusions: Our analysis revealed that probiotics could delay the progression of renal function injury, improve glucose and lipid metabolism, and reduce inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with DKD. Subgroup analysis showed that intervention duration, probiotic dose and probiotic consumption patterns had an effect of probiotics on outcomes. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A novel regulatory mechanism of geniposide for improving glucose homeostasis mediated by circulating RBP4; Background: Systemic insulin signal transduction is influenced by the inter-tissue crosstalk, which might be the potential therapeutic strategy for T2DM. Although anti-diabetic function of geniposide has been previously reported, the underlying mechanism was not completely clear in light of the complex pathogenesis of T2DM. Purpose: The present experiment is devoted to investigate the potential effects of geniposide on systemic insulin sensitivity mediated by hepatokine-RBP4 in high fat diet (HFD)-fed mice. Methods: The HFD-fed wild type mice were administered with geniposide (25 or 50 mg/kg/d) by intraperitoneal injection, and the normal saline and Metformin were used as negative control group and positive control group, respectively. After administration for 4 weeks, the food intake, body weight, glucose tolerance tests, insulin tolerance tests and serum biochemical indices were examined, along with insulin signaling pathway-associated proteins and hepatic histomorphological analysis. The liver, gastrocnemius and mouse primary hepatocytes were also harvested for molecular mechanism study. Results: After geniposide treatment for 4 weeks, the blood glucose level was reduced in HFD-fed mice. Furthermore, geniposide treatment improved insulin sensitivity both in the liver and gastrocnemius (GAS). In terms of mechanism, geniposide disturbed circulating RBP4 level including its synthesis, secretion and homeostasis. Moreover, geniposide modified fuel selection and promoted glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and reduced glycogen storage, which were closely related to impaired circulating RBP4 homeostasis, leading to ameliorative systemic insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: Our current study proposes a novel regulatory mechanism of geniposide for improving glucose homeostasis through regulating circulating RBP4 level, which also provides new strategies for the prevention and treatment of T2DM. © 2021 Elsevier GmbH
The role of diet quality in mediating the association between ultra-processed food intake, obesity and health-related outcomes: A review of prospective cohort studies; Prospective cohort studies show that higher intakes of ultra-processed food (UPF) increase the risk of obesity and obesity-related outcomes, including cardiovascular disease, cancer and type 2 diabetes. Whether ultra-processing itself is detrimental, or whether UPFs just have a lower nutritional quality, is debated. Higher UPF intakes are inversely associated with fruit, vegetables, legumes and seafood consumption. Therefore, the association between UPFs and poor health could simply be from excess nutrient intake or from a less healthful dietary pattern. If so, adjustment for dietary quality or pattern should explain or greatly reduce the size of the significant associations between UPFs and health-related outcomes. Here, we provide an overview of the literature and by using a novel approach, review the relative impact of adjusting for diet quality/patterns on the reported associations between UPF intake and health-related outcomes in prospective cohort studies. We find that the majority of the associations between UPFs, obesity and health-related outcomes remain significant and unchanged in magnitude after adjustment for diet quality or pattern. Our findings suggest that the adverse consequences of UPFs are independent of dietary quality or pattern, questioning the utility of reformulation to mitigate against the obesity pandemic and wider negative health outcomes of UPFs. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).
Exerkine apelin reverses obesity-associated placental dysfunction by accelerating mitochondrial biogenesis in mice; Maternal exercise (ME) protects against adverse effects of maternal obesity (MO) on fetal development. As a cytokine stimulated by exercise, apelin (APN) is elevated due to ME, but its roles in mediating the effects of ME on placental development remain to be defined. Two studies were conducted. In the first study, 18 female mice were assigned to control (CON), obesogenic diet (OB), or OB with exercise (OB/Ex) groups (n = 6); in the second study, the same number of female mice were assigned to three groups; CON with PBS injection (CD/PBS), OB/PBS, or OB with apelin injection (OB/APN). In the exercise study, daily treadmill exercise during pregnancy significantly elevated the expression of PR domain 16 (PRDM16; P < 0.001), which correlated with enhanced oxidative metabolism and mitochondrial biogenesis in the placenta (P < 0.05). More importantly, these changes were partially mirrored in the apelin study. Apelin administration upregulated PRDM16 protein level (P < 0.001), mitochondrial biogenesis (P < 0.05), placental nutrient transporter expression (P < 0.001), and placental vascularization (P < 0.01), which were impaired due to MO (P < 0.05). In summary, MO impairs oxidative phosphorylation in the placenta, which is improved by ME; apelin administration partially mimics the beneficial effects of exercise on improving placental function, which prevents placental dysfunction due to MO. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Maternal exercise prevents metabolic disorders of mothers and offspring induced by high-fat diet. Exercise intervention enhances PRDM16 activation, oxidative metabolism, and vascularization of placenta, which are inhibited due to maternal obesity. Similar to maternal exercise, apelin administration improves placental function of obese dams. © 2022 the American Physiological Society.
Paricalcitol Attenuates Metabolic Syndrome-Associated Heart Failure through Enhanced Mitochondrial Fusion; Objectives. Transition from cardiac hypertrophy to failure involves adverse metabolic reprogramming involving mitochondrial dysfunction. We have earlier shown that vitamin D deficiency induces heart failure, at least in part, through insulin resistance. However, whether activation of vitamin D receptor (VDR) can attenuate heart failure and underlying metabolic phenotype requires investigation. Thus, we aimed to assess the cardioprotective potential of paricalcitol, a vitamin D receptor-activator, against cardiac hypertrophy and failure in high-fat high-fructose-fed rats. Methods. Male Sprague Dawley rats were fed control (Con) or high-fat high-fructose (HFHFrD) diet for 20 weeks. After 12 weeks, rats from HFHFrD group were divided into the following: HFHFrD, HFHFrD+P (paricalcitol i.p. 0.08 μg/kg/day) and HFHFrD+E (enalapril maleate i.p. 10 mg/kg/day). Intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test, blood pressure measurement, and 2D echocardiography were performed. Cardiac fibrosis was assessed by Masson's trichrome staining of paraffin-embedded heart sections. Mitochondrial DNA and proteins, and citrate synthase activity were measured in rat hearts. VDR was silenced in H9c2 cardiomyoblasts, and immunoblotting was performed. Results. Paricalcitol improved glucose tolerance, serum lipid profile, and blood pressure in high-fat high-fructose-fed rats. Paricalcitol reduced cardiac wall thickness and increased ejection fraction in high-fat high-fructose-fed rats but had no effect on perivascular fibrosis. PGC1-α was upregulated in the HFHFrD+P group compared to the HFHFrD group, but there was no significant difference in mitochondrial content. Citrate synthase activity was significantly higher in the HFHFrD+P group compared to the HFHFrD group. Rat hearts of the HFHFrD+P group had significantly higher expression of mitofusins. H9c2 cells with VDR knockdown showed significantly lower expression of Mfn2. Improvement in the HFHFrD+P group was comparable with that in the HFHFrD+E group. Conclusions. Paricalcitol reverses cardiac dysfunction in rats with metabolic syndrome by enhancing mitochondrial fusion. We demonstrate repurposing potential of the drug currently used in end-stage kidney disease.  © 2022 Hina L. Nizami et al.
Alterations in DNA methylation associate with fatty liver and metabolic abnormalities in a multi-ethnic cohort of pre-teenage children; Non-Alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the leading cause of chronic liver disease in children. Epigenetic alterations, such as through DNA methylation (DNAm), may link adverse childhood exposures and fatty liver and provide non-invasive methods for identifying children at high risk for NAFLD and associated metabolic dysfunction. We investigated the association between differential DNAm and liver fat content (LFC) and liver injury in pre-adolescent children. Leveraging data from the Newborn Epigenetics Study (NEST), we enrolled 90    mother-child dyads and used linear regression to identify CpG sites and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) in peripheral blood associated with LFC and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels in 7–12yo children. DNAm was measured using Infinium HumanMethylationEPIC BeadChips (Illumina). LFC and fibrosis were quantified by magnetic resonance imaging proton density fat fraction and elastography. Median LFC was 1.4% (range, 0.3–13.4%) and MRE was 2.5 kPa (range, 1.5–3.6kPa). Three children had LFC ≥ 5%, while six (7.6%) met our definition of NAFLD (LFC ≥ 3.7%). All children with NAFLD were obese and five were Black. LFC was associated with 88 DMRs and 106 CpGs (FDR<5%). The top two CpGs, cg25474373 and cg07264203, mapped to or near RFTN2 and PRICKLE2 genes. These two CpG sites were also significantly associated with a NAFLD diagnosis. As higher LFC associates with an adverse cardiometabolic profile already in childhood, altered DNAm may identify these children early in disease course for targeted intervention. Larger, longitudinal studies are needed to validate these findings and determine mechanistic relevance. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Altered islet prohormone processing: A cause or consequence of diabetes?; Peptide hormones are first produced as larger precursor prohormones that require endoproteolytic cleavage to liberate the mature hormones. A structurally conserved but functionally distinct family of nine prohormone convertase enzymes (PCs) are responsible for cleavage of protein precursors, of which PC1/3 and PC2 are known to be exclusive to neuroendocrine cells and responsible for prohormone cleavage. Differential expression of PCs within tissues defines prohormone processing, whereas glucagon is the major product liberated from proglucagon via PC2 in pancreatic a-cells, proglucagon is preferentially processed by PC1/3 in intestinal L cells to produce glucagon-like peptides 1 and 2 (GLP-1, GLP-2). Beyond our understanding of processing of islet prohormones in healthy islets, there is convincing evidence that proinsulin, pro-islet amyloid polypeptide (proIAPP), and proglucagon processing is altered during prediabetes and diabetes. There is predictive value of elevated circulating proinsulin or proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio for progression to type 2 diabetes, and elevated proinsulin or proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio is predictive for development of type 1 diabetes in at-risk groups. After onset of diabetes, patients have elevated circulating proinsulin and proIAPP, and proinsulin may be an autoantigen in type 1 diabetes. Furthermore, preclinical studies reveal that a-cells have altered proglucagon processing during diabetes, leading to increased GLP-1 production. We conclude that despite strong associative data, current evidence is inconclusive on the potential causal role of impaired prohormone processing in diabetes and suggest that future work should focus on resolving the question of whether altered prohormone processing is a causal driver or merely a consequence of diabetes pathology. © 2022 the American Physiological Society.
Association between Serum Afamin Levels with Nonalcoholic Associated Fatty Liver Disease; Afamin is a member of the hepatokine that are strongly associated with various metabolic diseases. The relationship between afamin and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) remains unclear. This study aimed to explore the correlation between serum afamin levels and NAFLD. We analyzed 88 NAFLD patients and 88 age-and sex-matched healthy controls who took their health examinations at the First Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine. The association was further confirmed in 22 biopsy-confirmed NAFLD patients and 36 healthy controls. Serum afamin levels were evaluated using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). NAFLD patients had significantly higher serum afamin levels than the healthy controls (14.79 ± 5.04 mg/L versus 10.83 ± 3.24 mg/L; P<0.001). Serum afamin levels were positively correlated with metabolic parameters including the body mass index, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, liver enzymes, and lipid profiles. A multiple regression analysis showed that serum afamin levels were independently related to the risk of NAFLD (OR: 1.289, 95% CI, 1.141-1.456; P<0.001). The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis showed that the area under curve (AUC) of serum afamin plus the BMI for detecting NAFLD was 0.878. In participants with liver biopsies, the serum afamin plus the BMI detected NAFLD with an AUC of 0.758. In conclusion, serum afamin levels were positively associated with prevalence and risk of NAFLD, and serum afamin plus the BMI had a high diagnostic performance for NAFLD. This study provides epidemiological evidence of afamin in NAFLD.  © 2022 Shenghui Chen et al.
Relationships between maternal perfluoroalkyl substance levels, polymorphisms of receptor genes, and adverse birth outcomes in the Hokkaido birth cohort study, Japan; We assessed the associations between perfluorooctanesulfonate (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoate (PFOA) levels in third trimester maternal serum, the maternal genotypes of genes encoding nuclear receptors, and birth outcomes. We studied a prospective birth cohort of healthy pregnant Japanese women (n = 372) recruited in Sapporo between July 2002 and October 2005. We analyzed PFOS and PFOA levels using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and analyzed 13 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of proliferator-activated receptor alpha, gamma, gamma coactivator 1A, delta, constitutive androstane receptor, liver X receptor alpha, and beta (LXRB) using real-time polymerase reaction (PCR). We employed multiple linear regression models to establish the influences of log10-transformed PFOS and PFOA levels and maternal genotypes on birth size. In female infants, we identified interactions between PFOS levels, the maternal genotype of LXRB (rs1405655), and birth weight. The estimated mean changes in birth weight in response to PFOS levels, the maternal genotype LXRB (rs1405655)-TC/CC (compared to TT), and their interactions were -502.9 g (95 % confidence interval [CI] = -247.3, -758.5 g), -526.3 g (95 % CI = -200.7, -852.0 g), and 662.1 g (95 % CI = 221.0, 1,103.2 g; pint = 0.003), respectively. Interactions between PFOS levels and the maternal genotype of LXRB (rs1405655) also significantly affected birth chest circumference and the Ponderal index (pint = 0.037 and 0.005, respectively). Thus, interactions between PFOS levels and the maternal genotype of LXRB (rs1405655) affects birth sizes in female infants. We found that certain SNPs modify the effects of PFOS levels on birth size. © 2021
High Serum FABP4 Levels are Negatively Associated with the Reversion from Prediabetes to Normal Glucose Tolerance: A 2-Year Retrospective Cohort Community Study; Objective: To explore the relationship between the level of fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) and reversion from prediabetes to normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Methods: A two-year retrospective cohort study was conducted on 398 participants with complete information. These 398 participants were divided into an NGT group and an abnormal glucose metabolism (AGM) group after 2 years of follow-up. The baseline level of FABP4 was determined, and the role of FABP4 in predicting reversion from prediabetes to NGT was investigated using an unconditional logistic regression model. Results: Over the two-year follow-up period, 37.4% (149/398) of the participants reverted from prediabetes to NGT. The participants with AGM had a higher baseline level of FABP4 than those with NGT. The baseline level of FABP4 was significantly negatively correlated with reversion from prediabetes to NGT. After adjusting for age, sex, body mass index and waist-to-hip ratio, the level of fasting blood glucose (FBG) [odds ratio (OR) 0.336, 95% confidence interval (CI) (0.196–0.576)], 2-h post-challenge blood glucose (2hBG) [OR 0.697, 95% CI (0.581–0.837)], and FABP4 [OR 0.960, 95% CI (0.928–0.993)] at baseline were significant independent predictors of reversion from prediabetes to NGT. The area under the curve (AUC) value of the receiver operating characteristic curve for FABP4 was 0.605 (95% CI: 0.546–0.665), and the AUC for FABP4 combined with FBG and 2hBG was 0.716 (95% CI: 0.663–0.769). Conclusion: A higher baseline level of FABP4 was positively correlated with an adverse profile of diabetes risk factors and negatively correlated with reversion from prediabetes to NGT. FABP4, FBG and 2hBG were predictors of reversion from prediabetes to NGT. © 2022 Gu et al.
Rodent models in placental research. Implications for fetal origins of adult disease; Rodent models in rats, mice, and guinea pigs have been extremely helpful to gain insight into pregnancy physiology and pathologies-related. Moreover, they have allowed understanding the mechanism that links an adverse intrauterine environment with the origin of adult disease. In this regard, the effects of diverse maternal conditions, such as undernutrition, obesity, hypoxia, and hyperandrogenism on placental function and its long-term consequences for the offspring, have been widely analyzed through rodents models involving dietary manipulations, modifications in environmental oxygen, surgical and pharmacological procedures that reduce uteroplacental blood flow and administrations of exogenous testosterone and dihydrotestosterone (DHT) mimicking maternal androgen excess. Both in human and in rodent models, these interventions induce modifications of placental morphology, transport of glucose, amino acid, and fatty acids, steroid synthesis, and signaling pathways control placental function. These changes are associated with the increase of pro-inflammatory and oxidative stress markers. For its part, offspring exhibit alterations in organs involved in metabolic control such as the hypothalamus, adipose tissue, liver, skeletal muscle, and pancreas altering the intake and preferences for certain foods, the metabolism of glucose and lipid, and hormonal function leading to fat accumulation, insulin resistance, fatty liver, dyslipidemia, and elevated glucose levels. Therefore, the present review discusses the evidence emerging from rodent models that relate maternal nutrition, hypoxia, and androgen exposure to the maternal mechanisms that lead to fetal programming and their metabolic consequences in postnatal life. © The Author(s). This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Oxidative reactivity across kingdoms in the gut: Host immunity, stressed microbiota and oxidized foods; Reactive oxygen species play a major role in the induction of programmed cell death and numerous diseases. Production of reactive oxygen species is ubiquitous in biological systems such as humans, bacteria, fungi/yeasts, and plants. Although reactive oxygen species are known to cause diseases, little is known about the importance of the combined oxidative stress burden in the gut. Understanding the dynamics and the level of oxidative stress ‘reactivity’ across kingdoms could help ascertain the combined consequences of free radical accumulation in the gut lumen. Here, we present fundamental similarities of oxidative stress derived from the host immune cells, bacteria, yeasts, plants, and the therein-derived diets, which often accentuate the burden of free radicals by accumulation during storage and cooking conditions. Given the described similarities, oxidative stress could be better understood and minimized by monitoring the levels of oxidative stress in the feces to identify pro-inflammatory factors. However, we illustrate that dietary studies rarely monitor oxidative stress markers in the feces, and therefore our knowledge on fecal oxidative stress monitoring is limited. A more holistic approach to understanding oxidative stress ‘reactivity’ in the gut could help improve strategies to use diet and microbiota to prevent intestinal diseases. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Adiposity, related biomarkers, and type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes: The Diabetes Prevention Program; Objective: This study investigated associations of adiposity and adiposity-related biomarkers with incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) among parous women. Methods: Among women in the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) who reported a previous live birth, circulating biomarkers (leptin, adiponectin, sex hormone-binding globulin, and alanine aminotransferase; n = 1,711) were measured at enrollment (average: 12 years post partum). Visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue areas at the L2-L3 region and the L3-L4 region were quantified by computed tomography (n = 477). Overall and stratified (by history of gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM]) adjusted Cox proportional hazards models were fit. Results: Alanine aminotransferase, L2-L3 VAT, and L3-L4 VAT were positively associated (hazard ratio [HR] for 1-SD increases: 1.073, p = 0.024; 1.251, p = 0.009; 1.272, p = 0.004, respectively), and adiponectin concentration was inversely associated with T2D (HR 0.762, p < 0.001). Whereas leptin concentration was not associated with T2D overall, in GDM-stratified models, a 1-SD higher leptin was positively associated with risk of T2D in women without GDM (HR: 1.126, p = 0.016) and inversely in women with a history of GDM (HR: 0.776, p = 0.013, interaction p = 0.002). Conclusions: Among parous women, alanine aminotransferase and VAT are positively associated with incident T2D, whereas adiponectin is inversely associated. Leptin is associated with higher risk of T2D in women with a history of GDM but a lower risk in women without a history of GDM. © 2021 The Obesity Society (TOS). This article has been contributed to by US Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA.
Connexin 43: A Target for the Treatment of Inflammation in Secondary Complications of the Kidney and Eye in Diabetes; Of increasing prevalence, diabetes is characterised by elevated blood glucose and chronic inflammation that precedes the onset of multiple secondary complications, including those of the kidney and the eye. As the leading cause of end stage renal disease and blindness in the working population, more than ever is there a demand to develop clinical interventions which can both delay and prevent disease progression. Connexins are membrane bound proteins that can form pores (hemichannels) in the cell membrane. Gated by cellular stress and injury, they open under patho-physiological conditions and in doing so release ‘danger signals’ including adenosine triphosphate into the extracellular environment. Linked to sterile inflammation via activation of the nod‐like receptor protein 3 inflammasome, targeting aberrant hemichannel activity and the release of these danger signals has met with favourable outcomes in multiple models of disease, including secondary complications of diabetes. In this review, we provide a comprehensive update on those studies which document a role for aberrant connexin hemichannel activity in the pathogenesis of both diabetic eye and kidney disease, ahead of evaluating the efficacy of blocking connexin‐43 specific hem-ichannels in these target tissues on tissue health and function. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
De Novo Sphingolipid Biosynthesis in Atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is the formation of fibrofatty lesions in the arterial wall, and this inflammatory state of the artery is the main cause of advanced pathological processes, including myocardial infarction and stroke. Dyslipidemic conditions with excess cholesterol accumulate within the arterial vessel wall and initiate atherogenic processes. Following vascular reaction and lipid accumulation, the vascular wall gradually thickens. Together with the occurrence of local inflammation, early atherosclerotic lesions lead to advanced pathophysiological events, plaque rupture, and thrombosis. Ceramide and sphingomyelin have emerged as major risk factors for atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. Currently, the clinical association between de novo sphingolipid biosynthesis and coronary artery disease has been established. Furthermore, therapeutic strategies to modulate this pathway, especially those involving serine palmitoyltransferase and sphingomyelin synthase, against atherosclerosis, cancer, type 2 diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease are actively under development. In this chapter, we focus on the relationship between de novo sphingolipid biosynthesis and coronary artery disease. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Cardiovascular risk factors and physical activity for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases in the elderly; Cardiovascular diseases create an important burden on the public health systems, especially in the elderly, mostly because this group of patients frequently suffer from multiple comorbidities. Accumulating cardiovascular risk factors during their lifetime has a detrimental effect on an older adult‘s health status. The modifiable and non-modifiable cardiovascular risk factors are very diverse, and are frequently in a close relationship with the metabolic comorbidities of the elderly, mainly obesity and Diabetes Mellitus. In this review, we aim to present the most important cardiovascular risk factors which link aging and cardiovascular diseases, starting from the pathophysiological links between these factors and the aging process. Next, we will further review the main interconnections between obesity and Diabetes Mellitus and cardiovascular diseases of the elderly. Lastly, we consider the most important aspects related to prevention through lifestyle changes and physical activity on the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases in the elderly. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Application of Metabolomics in Various Types of Diabetes; Metabolomics is the analysis of numerous small molecules known as metabolites. Over the past few years, with the continuous development in metabolomics, it has been widely used in the detection, diagnosis, and treatment of diabetes and has demonstrated great benefits. At the same time, studies on diabetes and its complications have discovered the metabolic markers that are characteristic of diabetes. However, the pathogenesis of diabetes has yet to be clarified, as well as no complete cure. The mechanism of diabetes has not been completely elucidated, and its eradication treatment is not available. Thus, prevention of the onset of the disease and its treatment have become very important. In this review, we focused on the recent progress in the use of metabolites in diabetes and their complications, as well as understanding the impact of diabetes metabolites. © 2022 Wu and Liang.
Thermo-sensitive TRP channels and prevention of major chronic diseases; American scientists David Julius and Ardem Patapoutian won the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 2021 for their groundbreaking discoveries of capsaicin receptor TRPVI and menthol receptor TRPM8, revealing the secrets of temperature perception.The outstanding discovery of capsaicin receptor TRPV1 and cold sensitive receptor TRPM8 has deepened our understanding on perception and adapt to the surrounding environment.However, thermal sensitive hot channel TRPV1 and cold channel TRPM8 are not only expressed abundantly in the nervous system, but also exist in the cardiovascular, fat, liver, skeletal muscle and other tissues and organs, and their biological significance remain elusive.In the past 30 years, much evidence shows that TRPV1 and TRPM8 not only perceive changes in environmental temperature, but also have rich biological effects, such as pain sensation, inflammatory response, and so on.Studies concerning the role of transient receptor potential (TRP) channels in the body homeostasis and its association with disease continue to grow and deepen.Since 2004, our team has introduced TRP channels into cardiovascular and metabolic fields and revealed their roles and mechanisms in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases.It is expected that this year' s Nobel Prize award will further promote the development of temperature-sensitive channel proteins in cardiovascular and metabolic field. © 2022 Journal of Army Medical University. All rights reserved.
Neuregulin 4 (NRG4)–the hormone with clinical significance in gestational diabetes mellitus; This study aimed at determining the association between serum neuregulin 4 (NRG4) and insulin in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their correlation with other metabolic parameters. A cross-sectional study was conducted from June 2018 to February 2019 at Ziauddin University, Karachi. Pregnant women (n = 80), at 24–28 weeks of gestation, were recruited. Demographic data, anthropometric measurements and antenatal history were recorded. The fasting blood was drawn for testing fasting blood sugar (FBS), NRG4, insulin and lipid profile. The subjects were evaluated for glucose challenge test after 50 g glucose ingestion. NRG4 levels (1.00 ± 0.15) were found significantly high (p <.04) in healthy group compared to GDM (0.95 ± 0.11). In GDM females, high levels for FBS (p <.02) and cholesterol (p <.03) were observed. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) had direct weak association with NRG4, inverse relationship with cholesterol and LDL but significant association (p <.05) with insulin. Significantly high NRG4 in healthy females suggests its potential role in regulating insulin sensitivity. Impact StatementWhat is already known on this subject? Neuregulin 4 (NGR4) is a batokine which plays a potential role in regulating insulin sensitivity, maintaining energy and metabolic homeostasis. Due to its role in lipid and glucose homeostasis, some studies report its role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) but the results were controversial. What do the results of this study add? The study showed that NGR4 levels were significantly low in GDM subjects. Other metabolic factors especially insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were found associated significantly (p < .05) with NGR4. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? NGR4 can be a potential biomarker for gestational diabetes. Nevertheless, in order to confirm these findings, further studies, with bigger sample size are required to further ascertain the prospects of NRG4 as a potential biomarker for gestational diabetes. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Diagnostic Approaches and Maternal-Offspring Complications; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring and maternal complications. For GDM screening and diagnosis, a two-step approach (1-hour 50 g glucose challenge test followed by 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test) has been widely used. After the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study implemented a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in all pregnant women, a one-step approach was recommended as an option for the diagnosis of GDM after 2010. The one-step approach has more than doubled the incidence of GDM, but its clinical benefit in reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes remains controversial. Long-term complications of mothers with GDM include type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, and complications of their offspring include childhood obesity and glucose intolerance. The diagnostic criteria of GDM should properly classify women at risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications. The present review summarizes the strengths and weaknesses of the one-step and two-step approaches for the diagnosis of GDM based on recent randomized controlled trials and observational studies. We also describe the long-term maternal and offspring complications of GDM. Copyright © 2022 Korean Diabetes Association
Compendium of polycystic ovarian syndrome and its relevance in glycation and diabetes; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine and reproductive disorders observed in women. Its pathophysiology indicates its involvement in plenitude of diseases and/ or disorders. Although the absolute cause of PCOS has not been established, its prevalence in diabetic patients is noteworthy. Glycation and insulin resistance being key factors in diabetes, the present review tries to study their correlation with PCOS. Amongst the available drugs, four commonly prescribed drugs namely, metformin, inositol, thiazolidinediones, and spironolactone have been discussed. The current review also provides insights about usage of M. oleifera and S. platensis as a potential therapeutic agent for symptomatic relief of PCOS. © 2022 Ondokuz Mayis Universitesi. All rights reserved.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods; Background/Aims: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. Methods: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10–14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors; setting 2, addition of new risk factors in recent guidelines; setting 3, addition of routine clinical variables; setting 4, addition of NALFD-associated variables, including the presence of NAFLD and laboratory results; and setting 5, top 11 variables identified from a stepwise variable selection method). The predictive models were constructed using machine learning methods, including logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural networks. Results: Among 1,443 women, 86 (6.0%) were diagnosed with GDM. The highest performing prediction model among settings 1–4 was setting 4, which included both clinical and NAFLD-associated variables (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] 0.563–0.697 in settings 1–3 vs. 0.740–0.781 in setting 4). Setting 5, with top 11 variables (which included NAFLD and hepatic steatosis index), showed similar predictive power to setting 4 (AUC 0.719– 0.819 in setting 5, P=not significant between settings 4 and 5). Conclusions: We developed an early prediction model for GDM using machine learning. The inclusion of NAFLD-associated variables significantly improved the performance of GDM prediction. (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02276144) (Clin Mol Hepatol 2022;28:105-116). © 2022 by Korean Association for the Study of the Liver.
Arsenic Induces Continuous Inflammation and Regulates Th1/Th2/Th17/Treg Balance in Liver and Kidney in Vivo; Numerous studies on arsenic-induced hepatonephric toxicity including cancer have been reported. Given that chronic inflammatory response and immune imbalance are associated with oncogenesis, we investigated whether arsenic could influence the hepatic and nephritic expression of inflammatory factors and the differentiation of T cells. Mice were exposed to NaAsO2 (0, 25, and 50 mg/L) for 1 and 3 months. Our data showed the destruction of the structure and inflammatory infiltration in the liver. The arsenic markedly increased the activity of serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST). The myeloperoxidase (MPO) activities increased in the liver at 25 and 50 mg/L arsenic for 3 months as well as in the kidney at both 1 and 3 months. An increased expression of inflammatory indicators (IL-1β, IL-12, and TNF-α) at 25 and 50 mg/L arsenic for 1 and 3 months in the liver and kidney, as well as IL-1β in the liver for 3 months and in the kidney at 50 mg/L for 1 and 3 months were demonstrated in our experiments. Besides, a definite tendency toward Th1/Th17 cytokines in the liver while Th2/Th17 cytokines in kidney was also observed by arsenic. Moreover, arsenic enhanced the expression of MAPK/Nrf2/NF-κB signaling molecules. In conclusion, the results of the study suggested that arsenic induces continuous immune-inflammatory responses in the liver and kidney. © 2022 Xiaoxu Duan et al.
Pathological and therapeutic roles of bioactive peptide trefoil factor 3 in diverse diseases: recent progress and perspective; Trefoil factor 3 (TFF3) is the last small-molecule peptide found in the trefoil factor family, which is mainly secreted by intestinal goblet cells and exerts mucosal repair effect in the gastrointestinal tract. Emerging evidence indicated that the TFF3 expression profile and biological effects changed significantly in pathological states such as cancer, colitis, gastric ulcer, diabetes mellitus, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and nervous system disease. More importantly, mucosal protection would no longer be the only effect of TFF3, it gradually exhibits carcinogenic activity and potential regulatory effect of nervous and endocrine systems, but the inner mechanisms remain unclear. Understanding the molecular function of TFF3 in specific diseases might provide a new insight for the clinical development of novel therapeutic strategies. This review provides an up-to-date overview of the pathological effects of TFF3 in different disease and discusses the binding proteins, signaling pathways, and clinical application. © 2022, The Author(s).
Diabetes Without Needles: Non-invasive Diagnostics and Health Management; Diabetes Without Needles: Non-invasive Diagnostics and Health Management provides a comprehensive and objective compilation of the most promising noninvasive methods for glucose monitoring, including an in-depth analysis of their advantages and disadvantages in terms of biochemical processes. The latest advances in the field are discussed, including methods such as optical measurements, electrochemical measurements, exhaled breath analysis, direct measurements of glucose in the blood using noninvasive techniques, and the indirect analysis of biomarkers that are related to the glycemia. The book’s author also presents recommendations for future research directions in this field. This book is a valuable resource for researchers in the areas of diabetes, noninvasive methods and diagnostics development. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Bioavailability and Biological Activities of Phytosterols as Modulators of Cholesterol Metabolism; Phytosterols are natural sterols widely found in plants that have a variety of physiological functions, and their role in reducing cholesterol absorption has garnered much attention. Although the bioavailability of phytosterols is only 0.5–2%, they can still promote cholesterol balance in the body. A mechanism of phytosterols for lowering cholesterol has now been proposed. They not only reduce the uptake of cholesterol in the intestinal lumen and affect its transport, but also regulate the metabolism of cholesterol in the liver. In addition, phytosterols can significantly reduce the plasma concentration of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), with a dose-response relationship. Ingestion of 3 g of phytosterols per day can reach the platform period, and this dose can reduce LDL-C by about 10.7%. On the other hand, phytosterols can also activate the liver X receptor α-CPY7A1 mediated bile acids excretion pathway and accelerate the transformation and metabolism of cholesterol. This article reviews the research progress of phytosterols as a molecular regulator of cholesterol and the mechanism of action for this pharmacological effect. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal consumption of a fermented diet protects offspring against intestinal inflammation by regulating the gut microbiota; The neonatal intestinal tract is immature and can be easily infected by pathogens causing inflammation. Maternal diet manipulation is a promising nutritional strategy to enhance the gut health of offspring. A fermented diet is a gut microbiota targeting diet containing live probiotics and their metabolites, which benefit the gut and overall health host. However, it remains unclear how a maternal fermented diet (MFD) affects neonatal intestinal inflammation. Here, in vivo and in vitro models together with multi-omics analysis were applied to investigate the impacts and the underlying mechanism through which an MFD prevents from gut inflammation in neonates. An MFD remarkably improved the performance of both sows and piglets and significantly altered the gut microbiome and milk metabolome of sows. In addition, the MFD significantly accelerated the maturation of the gut microbiota of neonates and increased the abundance of gut Lactobacillus and the microbial functions of amino acid-related enzymes and glucose metabolism on the weaning day. Notably, the MFD reduced susceptibility to colonic inflammation in offspring. The fecal microbiota of sows was then transplanted into mouse dams and it was found that the mouse dams and pups in the MFD group alleviated the LPS-induced decrease in gut Lactobacillus abundance and barrier injury. Milk L-glutamine (GLN) and gut Lactobacillus reuteri (LR) were found as two of the main MFD-induced sow effectors that contributed to the gut health of piglets. The properties of LR and GLN in modulating gut microbiota and alleviating colonic inflammation by inhibiting the phosphorylation of p38 and JNK and activation of Caspase 3 were further verified. These findings provide the first data revealing that an MFD drives neonate gut microbiota development and ameliorates the colonic inflammation by regulating the gut microbiota. This fundamental evidence might provide references for modulating maternal nutrition to enhance early-life gut health and prevent gut inflammation. © 2022 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Mechanisms Linking Vitamin D Deficiency to Impaired Metabolism: An Overview; Vitamin D deficiency is a common health problem worldwide. Despite its known skeletal effects, studies have begun to explore its extra-skeletal effects, that is, in preventing metabolic diseases such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes mellitus. The mechanisms by which vitamin D deficiency led to these unfavorable metabolic consequences have been explored. Current evidence indicates that the deficiency of vitamin D could impair the pancreatic β-cell functions, thus compromising its insulin secretion. Besides, vitamin D deficiency could also exacerbate inflammation, oxidative stress, and apoptosis in the pancreas and many organs, which leads to insulin resistance. Together, these will contribute to impairment in glucose homeostasis. This review summarizes the reported metabolic effects of vitamin D, in order to identify its potential use to prevent and overcome metabolic diseases.  © 2022 Nurulmuna Mohd Ghozali et al.
Investigation of the Immunoprotective Effect of Zinc on Ovalbumin Induced BALB/C Male Mice Based on NF-KB Signaling Pathway; Allergic rhinitis is one of the common chronic inflammatory diseases of the nasal mucosa. In order to investigate the effect of zinc on ovalbumin induced allergic rhinitis in BALB/C male mice based on NF-KB signaling pathway, thirty BALB/C male mice are randomly divided into three groups: control group, ovalbumin induced allergic rhinitis asthma group and zinc intervention group. The experimental results show that Zinc supplementation in allergic asthma mice with allergic rhinitis correct the immune response of TH2 cells by inhibiting THE NF-KB signaling pathway, reduce the infiltration of inflammatory cells into lung nasal tissue, and reduce airway co-hyperreactivity to improve the clinical symptoms of asthma and play an immune protective role.  © 2022 Qiangyou Shi et al.
Metabolic changes in female rats exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia and postweaning consumption of high-fat diet†; We evaluated the influence of the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and postweaning consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) on the glycemia, insulin, lipid, and immunological profile of rat offspring in adulthood. Female rats received citrate buffer (Control—C) or Streptozotocin (a beta cell-cytotoxic drug to induce diabetes—D) on postnatal day 5. In adulthood, these rats were mated to obtain female offspring, who were fed a standard diet (SD) or HFD from weaning to adulthood (n = 10 rats/group). OC/SD and OC/HFD represent female offspring of control mothers and received SD or HFD, respectively; OD/SD and OD/HFD represent female offspring of diabetic mothers and received SD or HFD, respectively. At adulthood, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed and, next, the rats were anesthetized and euthanized. Pancreas was collected and analyzed, and adipose tissue was weighted. Blood samples were collected to determine biochemical and immunological profiles. The food intake was lower in HFD-fed rats and visceral fat weight was increased in the OD/HFD group. OC/HFD, OD/SD, and OD/HFD groups presented glucose intolerance and lower insulin secretion during OGTT. An impaired pancreatic beta-cell function was shown in the adult offspring of diabetic rats, regardless of diet. Interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-10 concentrations were lower in the OD/HFD group and associated to a low-grade inflammatory condition. The fetal programming was responsible for impaired beta cell function in experimental animals. The association of maternal diabetes and postweaning HFD are responsible for greater glucose intolerance, impaired insulin secretion and immunological change. © 2022 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Plant-Based Nutrition Diets on Plasma Lipids Profile—A Study Case in Romania; Diet is an important tool in managing dyslipidemic disorders, thus contributing to the prophylaxis of cardiovascular morbidity. Research has shown that a plant-based diet could have positive effects through many pathways. We conducted a study on a group of 38 plant-based individuals from Romania who have adopted the diet for at least one year. The aim of the research was to evaluate eventual changes in their lipid profile. We analyzed to what extent the values of different markers significantly changed following the dietary transition. Improvements were obtained for body mass index (BMI) and all lipid markers, with the exception of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Results showed that 75.0% of persons with elevated TGs (triglycerides) succeeded in normalizing them, as well as individuals with high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, where 72.7% from the borderline elevated became optimal. The total cholesterol (TC)/HDL-C ratio shifted from elevated to optimum in 78.6% of cases. Results were poor in three participants with presumed familial hypercholesterolemia, which were later successfully managed by using lipid-lowering medication. In conclusion, although dyslipidemias are only a surrogate marker for cardiovascular morbidity, the actions by which a plant-based diet can influence cardiovascular diseases are multiple, and we consider that our study confirms its positive effect. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Hexokinase domain-containing protein-1 in metabolic diseases and beyond; Glucose phosphorylation by hexokinases (HKs) traps glucose in cells and facilitates its usage in metabolic processes dependent on cellular needs. HK domain-containing protein-1 (HKDC1) is a recently discovered protein with wide expression containing HK activity, first noted through a genome-wide association study (GWAS) to be linked with gestational glucose homeostasis during pregnancy. Since then, HKDC1 has been observed to be expressed in many human tissues. Moreover, studies have shown that HKDC1 plays a role in glucose homeostasis by which it may affect the progression of many pathophysiological conditions such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and cancer. Here, we review the key studies contributing to our current understanding of the roles of HKDC1 in human pathophysiological conditions and potential therapeutic interventions. © 2021
Mechanisms of melatonin in obesity: A review; Obesity and its complications have become a prominent global public health problem that severely threatens human health. Melatonin, originally known as an effective antioxidant, is an endogenous hormone found throughout the body that serves various physiological functions. In recent decades, increasing attention has been paid to its unique function in regulating energy metabolism, especially in glucose and lipid metabolism. Accumulating evidence has established the relationship between melatonin and obesity; nevertheless, not all preclinical and clinical evidence indicates the anti-obesity effect of melatonin, which makes it remain to conclude the clinical effect of melatonin in the fight against obesity. In this review, we have summarized the current knowledge of melatonin in regulating obesity-related symptoms, with emphasis on its underlying mechanisms. The role of melatonin in regulating the lipid profile, adipose tissue, oxidative stress, and inflammation, as well as the interactions of melatonin with the circadian rhythm, gut microbiota, sleep disorder, as well as the α7nAChR, the opioidergic system, and exosomes, make melatonin a promising agent to open new avenues in the intervention of obesity. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Correlation Analysis of Umbilical Cord Blood Metabolic Phenotype and Inflammation in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Complicated with Overweight and Obesity; Background. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder in pregnancy. The incidence rate is increasing year by year, which seriously threatens the safety of maternal and infant. Obesity is a vital factor in inducing GDM. Pregnant women with GDM account for a large proportion of overweight and obese pregnant women. Our study aimed to explore the potential mechanism of differential metabolites on inflammation and find the intervention and management methods for GDM in overweight and obese pregnant women. Methods. Umbilical cord blood samples and placenta were collected from normal weight pregnant women with GDM (control group) and overweight and obese pregnant women with GDM (obesity group) for a comparative study. Serum inflammatory factors IL-10, TNF-α, IL-6, lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and TLR4 expression were detected by ELISA. The expression levels of BCL-2 and caspase-3 were measured by Western blot. TUNEL staining was used to observe the apoptosis of placental villi. KEGG combined with metabolomics was used to compare the differences of metabolic maps between the two groups. Results. Compared with the control group, the level of anti-inflammatory factor IL-10 in the cord blood was decreased in the obesity group, while the levels of proinflammatory factors TNF-α, IL-6, and LPS were increased. In the placental tissues, the obesity group had higher concentrations of LPS, TLR4, and caspase-3 and lower concentration of BCL-2. Placental villi in the obesity group were more likely to undergo apoptosis than the control group. Correlation analysis showed that the above metabolite concentrations were negatively correlated with TNF-α or LPS. Conclusion. Metabolites could control obesity in the process of controlling the occurrence and development of inflammation.  © 2022 Qiuling Chen et al.
Exosomes as Promising Nanostructures in Diabetes Mellitus: From Insulin Sensitivity to Ameliorating Diabetic Complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is among the chronic metabolic disorders that its incidence rate has shown an increase in developed and wealthy countries due to lifestyle and obesity. The treatment of DM has always been of interest, and significant effort has been made in this field. Exosomes belong to extracellular vesicles with nanosized features (30–150 nm) that are involved in cell-to-cell communication and preserving homeostasis. The function of exosomes is different based on their cargo, and they may contain lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids. The present review focuses on the application of exosomes in the treatment of DM; both glucose and lipid levels are significantly affected by exosomes, and these nanostructures enhance lipid metabolism and decrease its deposition. Furthermore, exosomes promote glucose metabolism and affect the level of glycolytic enzymes and glucose transporters in DM. Type I DM results from the destruction of β cells in the pancreas, and exosomes can be employed to ameliorate apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in these cells. The exosomes have dual functions in mediating insulin resistance/sensitivity, and M1 macrophage-derived exosomes inhibit insulin secretion. The exosomes may contain miRNAs, and by transferring among cells, they can regulate various molecular pathways such as AMPK, PI3K/Akt, and β-catenin to affect DM progression. Noteworthy, exosomes are present in different body fluids such as blood circulation, and they can be employed as biomarkers for the diagnosis of diabetic patients. Future studies should focus on engineering exosomes derived from sources such as mesenchymal stem cells to treat DM as a novel strategy. © 2022 Ashrafizadeh et al.
Insulin-Related Liver Pathways and the Therapeutic Effects of Aerobic Training, Green Coffee, and Chlorogenic Acid Supplementation in Prediabetic Mice; Background. The liver controls blood glucose levels via regulation of anabolic (glycogen synthesis and gluconeogenesis) and catabolic (glycolysis and glycogenolysis) processes through activation of the PI3K-AKT signalling pathway. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of aerobic training, green coffee, and chlorogenic acid supplementation on glucose metabolism-regulating pathways in prediabetic mice. Methods. C57BL/6 mice were exposed to a high-fat diet and physical activity limitation to induce a state of prediabetes. After 12 weeks, mice were fed a high-fat diet compared to the control mice. The prediabetic mice were further treated with either green coffee, chlorogenic acid, or training or combinations of the same for 10 weeks. At the end of the experimental period, metabolic data (FBG, GTT, HOMA for IR, plasma level of insulinfrom systematic, AST, and ALT assessed into blood), histopathologic, and analysis of gene and protein expressions were obtained for target tissues. Results. Training along with green coffee and chlorogenic acid supplementation improved complications of prediabetes including weight gain and elevated fasting blood glucose and plasma insulin levels. These effects were associated with the changes in mRNA levels of genes important in hepatic glycogen synthesis (GYS2), glucogenesis (PCK and G6PC2), and glycolysis (GK, PK, and PFKL). Conclusion. The training in conjunction with green coffee or chlorogenic acid is effective in the prevention of prediabetes in mice. As these interventions are relatively inexpensive and safe application to individuals with prediabetes appears warranted.  © 2022 Milad Abdollahi et al.
Probiotics act as a potent intervention in improving lipid profile: An umbrella systematic review and meta-analysis; Several meta-analysis studies have revealed improving effects of probiotics on lipid profile, while some studies have reported controversial findings. The purpose of present study was to evaluate the efficacy of probiotics on blood lipids. Relevant studies were searched in the international databases, including PubMed, Scopus, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central Library up to August 2021. The pooled results were calculated with the use of a random-effects model to assess the effects of probiotics on blood lipids. Overall, 38 meta-analyses were inclueded in the study. The results indicated that the probiotics supplementation was effective on reduction of total cholesterol (TC) (ES= −0.46 mg/dL; 95% CI: −0.61, −0.30, p < 0.001; I2= 83.8%, p < 0.001), triglycerides (TG) (ES= −0.13 mg/dl; 95% CI: −0.23, −0.04, p = 0.006; I2= 74.7%, p < 0.001), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)levels (ES= −0.29 mg/dL; 95% CI: −0.40, −0.19, p < 0.001; I2= 77.8%, p < 0.001). There was no significant effect of probiotics on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels (ES= 0.02 mg/dl; 95% CI: −0.04, 0.08, p = 0.519; I2= 72.5%, p= <0.001). The results of present umbrella meta-analysis strongly support supplementation with probiotics as an influential intervention for improving lipid profile. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
2.23 - Human Gut Microbiota and the Influence of Probiotics, Prebiotics, and Micronutrients; Dietary supplementation can modulate the gut microbiota leading to positive effects on host health. This article outlines the most commonly used approaches: prebiotics, probiotics, synbiotics and micronutrients. Each section describes the different types of interventions, how they modulate the gut microbiota and scientific evidence on how supplementation affects certain disorders and/or diseases. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Implication of the hepatokine, fibrinogen-like protein 1 in liver diseases, metabolic disorders and cancer: The need to harness its full potential; Fibrinogen-like protein 1 (FGL1) is a novel hepatokine that forms part of the fibrinogen superfamily. It is predominantly expressed in the liver under normal physiological conditions. When the liver is injured by external factors, such as chemical drugs and radiation, FGL1 acts as a protective factor to promote the growth of regenerated cells. However, elevated hepatic FGL1 under high fat conditions can cause lipid accumulation and inflammation, which in turn trigger the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, diabetes, and obesity. FGL1 is also involved in the regulation of insulin resistance in adipose tissues and skeletal muscles as a means of communication between the liver and other tissues. In addition, the abnormally changed FGL1 levels in the plasma of cancer patients make it a potential predictor of cancer incidence in clinical practice. FGL1 was recently identified as a major functional ligand of the immune inhibitory receptor, lymphocyte-activation gene 3 (LAG3), thus making it a promising target for cancer immunotherapy except for the classical programmed cell death protein 1/programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-1/PD-L1) axis. Despite the potential of FGL1 as a new cancer biomarker and therapeutic target, there are few related studies and much of what has been reported are superficial and lack depth and particularity. Therefore, elucidating the role and underlying mechanisms of FGL1 could be crucial for the development of promising diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for related diseases. Here, we provide a comprehensive review of the cellular mechanisms and clinical prospects of FGL1 in the prevention and treatment of liver diseases, metabolic disorders and cancer, and proffer suggestions for future studies. © The author(s).
Diosgenin: An Updated Pharmacological Review and Therapeutic Perspectives; Plants including Rhizoma polgonati, Smilax china, and Trigonella foenum-graecum contain a lot of diosgenin, a steroidal sapogenin. This bioactive phytochemical has shown high potential and interest in the treatment of various disorders such as cancer, diabetes, arthritis, asthma, and cardiovascular disease, in addition to being an important starting material for the preparation of several steroidal drugs in the pharmaceutical industry. This review aims to provide an overview of the in vitro, in vivo, and clinical studies reporting the diosgenin's pharmacological effects and to discuss the safety issues. Preclinical studies have shown promising effects on cancer, neuroprotection, atherosclerosis, asthma, bone health, and other pathologies. Clinical investigations have demonstrated diosgenin's nontoxic nature and promising benefits on cognitive function and menopause. However, further well-designed clinical trials are needed to address the other effects seen in preclinical studies, as well as a better knowledge of the diosgenin's safety profile.  © 2022 Prabhakar Semwal et al.
Omarigliptin alleviates cognitive dysfunction in Streptozotocin-induced diabetic mouse; Increasing epidemiological evidence supports the strong association between diabetes mellitus (DM) and cognitive dysfunction. Omarigliptin is a long-acting dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4) inhibitor for the treatment of diabetes. However, the effect of Omarigliptin in diabetes-associated cognitive dysfunction has not been reported. In this study, we established an in vivo diabetic mice model through streptozotocin (STZ) treatment and investigated the therapeutic effect of Omarigliptin in diabetic mice. The results show that administration with Omarigliptin reduced the food and water intake of STZ-induced diabetic mice, accompanied by decreased blood glucose levels and increased serum insulin levels. The Y-Maze test demonstrated that Omarigliptin ameliorated cognitive dysfunction in STZ-induced diabetic mice. Omarigliptin presented a protective role in the brain, as shown by the decreased reactive oxygen species (ROS) level, increased NAD+/NADH ratio, adenosine triphosphate (ATP) level, and ATP synthase activity in the hippocampus. Omarigliptin induced the increased expression level of mitochondrial inner membrane protein sirtuin 3 (SIRT3) and regulated its substrates, including forkhead box O3a (FOXO3a) and superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2). Furthermore, knockdown of SIRT3 abolished the protective effects of Omarigliptin on mitochondrial dysfunction and cognitive dysfunction in STZ-induced diabetic mice. Taken together, these findings suggest that Omarigliptin improved insulin sensitivity and cognitive function in STZ-induced diabetic mice. Mechanistically, SIRT3 expression is required for the effect of Omarigliptin. This study provided preclinical evidence that Omarigliptin has the neuroprotective effect to improve diabetes-associated cognitive dysfunction. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Preconceptual leptin levels in gestational diabetes and hypertensive pregnancy; Pregnancy–induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes (GDM) are common adverse outcomes in pregnancy. Objective: To find out whether preconceptual leptin levels differ in subsequent pregnancy between control vs. GDM and hypertensive pregnancy groups. Materials and Methods: Data was from The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study and The Medical Birth Register of Finland. Of 293 subjects 71 developed GDM, 27 PIH/PE and 201 were controls. Results: Leptin was higher in GDM (p < 0.0001) and PIH/PE (p = 0.0002) groups compared to control. GDM group was robust to BMI matching (p = 0,0081). Conclusion: Leptin was higher in GDM (p < 0.0001) and PIH/PE (p = 0.0002) groups compared to control. GDM group was robust to BMI matching (p = 0,0081). © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Research Progress of Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 in Fibrotic Diseases; Fibrosis is a common pathological outcome of chronic injuries, characterized by excessive deposition of extracellular matrix components in organs, as seen in most chronic inflammatory diseases. At present, there is an increasing tendency of the morbidity and mortality of diseases caused by fibrosis, but the treatment measures for fibrosis are still limited. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) belongs to the FGF19 subfamily, which also has the name endocrine FGFs because of their endocrine manner. In recent years, it has been found that plasma FGF21 level is significantly correlated with fibrosis progression. Furthermore, there is evidence that FGF21 has a pronounced antifibrotic effect in a variety of fibrotic diseases. This review summarizes the biological effects of FGF21 and discusses what is currently known about this factor and fibrosis disease, highlighting emerging insights that warrant further research.  © 2022 Min-Qi Jia et al.
Gut microbiota and complications of type-2 diabetes; The gut microbiota has been linked to the emergence of obesity, metabolic syndrome and the onset of type 2 diabetes through decreased glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to serious health consequences such as impaired kidney function, blindness, stroke, myocardial infarction and lower limb amputation. Despite a variety of treatments currently available, cases of diabetes and resulting complications are on the rise. One promising new approach to diabetes focuses on modulating the gut microbiota with probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics and fecal microbial transplantation. Differences in gut microbiota composition have been observed in preclinical animal models as well as patients with type 2 diabetes and complications such as diabetic nephropathy, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic neuropathy, cerebrovascular disease, coronary heart disease and peripheral artery disease compared to healthy controls. Severity of gut microbiota dysbiosis was associated with disease severity and restoration with probiotic administration in animal models and human patients has been associated with improvement of symptoms and disease progression. Characterizing the gut microbiota dysbiosis in different diseases and determining a causal relationship between the gut microbiota and disease can be beneficial in formulating therapeutic interventions for type 2 diabetes and associated complications. In this review, we present the most important findings regarding the role of the gut microbiota in type 2 diabetes and chronic complications as well as their underlying mechanisms. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Could maternal thyroid function during pregnancy affect daughters’ age at menarche through child growth? A mediation analysis; Early menarche is associated with adverse health outcomes during adolescence as well as breast and other reproductive cancers later in adulthood. However, the causes of early menarche and the pathways through which they operate are not fully understood. Though maternal thyroid function during pregnancy affects child growth, and rapid childhood growth is associated with a decreased age at menarche, the relationship between prenatal maternal thyroid function and daughters’ age at menarche has not been examined. We conducted a mediation analysis in a historical cohort of 260 mother-child pairs to estimate the total and indirect effects of maternal prenatal thyroid function on daughters’ age at menarche. No association was observed between thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) or anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (ATPO) and daughters’ age at menarche. Using a sample-specific, a-priori cutoff at the 10th percentile, low levels of maternal free thyroxine (FT4) were associated with earlier daughter age at menarche, with a hazard ratio (95 % CI) of 1.70 (1.02, 2.84) comparing the bottom 10th percentile with the top 90th percentile of exposure levels. Higher maternal FT4 was associated with rapid child weight gain from ages 5–9, and rapid child weight gain from ages 5–9 was associated with earlier age at menarche; the estimated indirect effect of this pathway was null. While maternal FT4 is associated with earlier age at menarche in daughters, this is not mediated by rapid weight gain in our study population, suggesting that maternal FT4 is operating through a different pathway. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Gut microbiota of patients with type 2 diabetes and gastrointestinal intolerance to metformin differs in composition and functionality from tolerant patients; Objective: Metformin modifies the gut microbiome in type 2 diabetes and gastrointestinal tolerance to metformin could be mediated by the gut microbiome. Methods: We enrolled 35 patients with type 2 diabetes not receiving treatment with metformin due to suspected gastrointestinal intolerance. Metformin was reintroduced at 425 mg, increasing 425 mg every two weeks until reaching 1700 mg per day. According to the occurrence of metformin-related gastrointestinal symptoms, patients were classified into three groups: early intolerance, non-tolerant, and tolerant. Gut microbiota was profiled with 16 S rRNA. This sequencing aimed to determine the differences in the baseline gut microbiota in all groups and prospectively in the tolerant and non-tolerant groups. Results: The classification resulted in 15 early intolerant, 10 tolerant, and 10 non-tolerant subjects. Early tolerance was characterized by a higher abundance of Subdoligranulum; while Veillonella and Serratia were higher in the non-tolerant group. The tolerant group showed enrichment of Megamonas, Megamonas rupellensis, and Phascolarctobacterium spp; Ruminococcus gnavus was lower in the longitudinal analysis. At the end point Prevotellaceae, Prevotella stercorea, Megamonas funiformis, Bacteroides xylanisolvens, and Blautia producta had a higher relative abundance in the tolerant group compared to the non-tolerant group. Subdoligranulum, Ruminococcus torques_1, Phascolarctobacterium faecium, and Eubacterium were higher in the non-tolerant group. The PICRUSt analysis showed a lower activity of the amino acid biosynthesis pathways and a higher sugar degradation pathway in the intolerant groups. Conclusions: Gut microbiota of subjects with gastrointestinal intolerance depicted taxonomic and functional differences compared to tolerant patients, and this changed differently after metformin administration © 2021 The Authors
A faecal microbiota signature with high specificity for pancreatic cancer; Background Recent evidence suggests a role for the microbiome in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) aetiology and progression. Objective To explore the faecal and salivary microbiota as potential diagnostic biomarkers. Methods We applied shotgun metagenomic and 16S rRNA amplicon sequencing to samples from a Spanish case-control study (n=136), including 57 cases, 50 controls, and 29 patients with chronic pancreatitis in the discovery phase, and from a German case-control study (n=76), in the validation phase. Results Faecal metagenomic classifiers performed much better than saliva-based classifiers and identified patients with PDAC with an accuracy of up to 0.84 area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) based on a set of 27 microbial species, with consistent accuracy across early and late disease stages. Performance further improved to up to 0.94 AUROC when we combined our microbiome-based predictions with serum levels of carbohydrate antigen (CA) 19-9, the only current non-invasive, Food and Drug Administration approved, low specificity PDAC diagnostic biomarker. Furthermore, a microbiota-based classification model confined to PDAC-enriched species was highly disease-specific when validated against 25 publicly available metagenomic study populations for various health conditions (n=5792). Both microbiome-based models had a high prediction accuracy on a German validation population (n=76). Several faecal PDAC marker species were detectable in pancreatic tumour and non-tumour tissue using 16S rRNA sequencing and fluorescence in situ hybridisation. Conclusion Taken together, our results indicate that non-invasive, robust and specific faecal microbiota-based screening for the early detection of PDAC is feasible.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022.
Liver pathology in pregnancy; Liver dysfunction occurs in up to 3% of pregnancies and can be due to pregnancy-associated liver injury, exacerbation of pre-existing liver disease, or co-incident with pregnancy. The most common form of pregnancy-associated liver injury is intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). This condition is typically benign and self-limited, but is associated with fetal morbidity and mortality with high levels of serum bile acids. Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) and the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets [HELLP] syndrome) are more commonly associated with maternal and fetal complications and may necessitate expedient delivery. Histologically, ICP shows nonspecific features of cholestasis, while AFLP and the hypertensive disorders have more characteristic histologic findings. While not a true liver disease, hyperemesis gravidarum can cause elevated liver enzymes. Pregnant patients are at increased risk of developing severe hepatitis E and herpesvirus infections, Budd–Chiari syndrome, and gallstones, and they may also experience worsening of known chronic liver disease. Mass lesions in pregnancy including hemangiomas, focal nodular hyperplasia, and hepatocellular adenomas and carcinomas can present unique challenges for diagnosis and management. This review will explore the pathophysiology, presentation, histologic features, and management of these conditions. © 2021 Japanese Society of Pathology and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Markers of Neuroinflammation in the Serum of Prepubertal Children with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders; Background: Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders (FASD) are the manifestation of the damage caused by alcohol consumption during pregnancy. Children with fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS), the extreme FASD manifestation, show both facial dysmorphology and mental retardation. Alcohol consumed during gestational age prejudices brain development by reducing, among others, the synthesis and release of neurotrophic factors and neuroinflammatory markers. Alcohol drinking also induces oxidative stress. Hypothesis/Objective: The present study aimed to investigate the potential association between neurotrophins, neuroinflammation, and oxidative stress in 12 prepubertal male and female FASD children diagnosed as FAS or partial FAS (pFAS). Methods: Accordingly, we analyzed, in the serum, the level of BDNF and NGF and the oxidative stress, as free oxygen radicals test (FORT) and free oxygen radicals defense (FORD). Moreover, serum levels of inflammatory mediators (IL-1α, IL-2, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12, MCP-1, TGF-β, and TN-F-α) involved in neuroinflammatory and oxidative processes have been investigated. Results: We demonstrated low serum levels of NGF and BDNF in pre-pubertal FASD children with respect to healthy controls. These changes were associated with higher serum presence of TN-F-α and IL-1α. Quite interestingly, an elevation in the FORD was also found despite normal FORT levels. Moreover, we found a potentiation of IL-1α, IL-2, IL-10, and IL-1α1 in the analyzed female compared to male children. Conclusion: The present investigation shows an imbalance in the peripheral neuroimmune pathways that could be used in children as early biomarkers of the deficits observed in FASD. © 2022  Bentham Science Publishers.
Integrated Genomic and Bioinformatics Approaches to Identify Molecular Links between Endocrine Disruptors and Adverse Outcomes; Exposure to Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals (EDC) has been linked with several adverse outcomes. In this review, we examine EDCs that are pervasive in the environment and are of concern in the context of human, animal, and environmental health. We explore the consequences of EDC exposure on aquatic life, terrestrial animals, and humans. We focus on the exploitation of genomics technologies and in particular whole transcriptome sequencing. Genome-wide analyses using RNAseq provides snap shots of cellular, tissue and whole organism transcriptomes under normal physiological and EDC perturbed conditions. A global view of gene expression provides highly valuable information as it uncovers gene families or more specifically, pathways that are affected by EDC exposures, but also reveals those that are unaffected. Hypotheses about genes with unknown functions can also be formed by comparison of their expression levels with genes of known function. Risk assessment strategies leveraging genomic technologies and the development of toxicology databases are explored. Finally, we review how the Adverse Outcome Pathway (AOP) has exploited this high throughput data to provide a framework for toxicology studies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a part of the metabolic syndrome and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether unexplained elevated ALT in early pregnancy has any effect in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. In this study, the relationship between birth weights of LGA babies and babies with normal weight for gestational age (AGA) and ALT values measured in early pregnancy was evaluated. While a positive, moderately strong, statistically significant correlation was found between infant birth weight and ALT levels in LGA babies this correlation was continued when GDM was not detected and ALT levels were below 36 U/L. Foetal macrosomia, which can develop in advanced gestational weeks, can be predicted with this cheap, easy and simple method that can be checked in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be shaped accordingly.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? It is suggested that asymptomatic high ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What do the results of this study add? Asymptomatic elevated ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Macrosomic foetus development can be predicted with abnormal results obtained with this simple, cheap and easy measurement method measured in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be managed accordingly. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Role of whole grain consumption in glycaemic control of diabetic patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Observational studies have indicated beneficial effects of whole grain consumption on human health. However, no evidence based on randomized controlled trials has been established. Our objective was to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to assess the effects of whole grain consumption in glycaemic control of diabetic patients. Methods: A comprehensive search in four databases (Web of Science, Pubmed, Scopus and Cochrane library) was conducted to collect potential articles which measured the roles of whole grain consumption on glycaemic control up to October 2021. Results: A total of 16 eligible trials involving 1068 subjects were identified to evaluate the pooled effect. The overall results indicated that compared with the control group, whole grain intake presented a significantly reduced concentration in fast plasma glucose (WMD = −0.51mmol/L, 95% CI: −0.73, −0.28; I2 = 88.6%, p < 0.001), a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (WMD = −0.39μU × mol/L2, 95% CI: −0.73, −0.04; I2 = 58.4%, p = 0.014), and glycosylated haemoglobin (WMD = −0.56%, 95% CI: −0.88, −0.25, I2 = 88.5%, p < 0.001), while no significant difference was observed in fast plasma insulin level between groups (SMD = −0.05, 95% CI: −0.25, 0.14; I2 = 40.7%, p = 0.120). In terms of incremental area under the curve (iAUC), data suggested that whole grain effected a significant decrease in Glucose-iAUC (WMD = −233.09 min × mmol/L, 95% CI: −451.62, −14.57; I2 = 96.1%, p < 0.001) and Insulin-iAUC (SMD = −4.80, 95% CI: −8.36, −1.23; I2 = 89.9%, p = 0.002), although only in a small number of studies. Of note, there is evidence for modest unexplained heterogeneity in the present meta-analysis. Conclusion: Whole grain consumption confers a beneficial effect on glucose metabolism in patients with diabetes. Regrettably, since relevant studies were scarce, we failed to provide confident evidence of whole grain consumption on acute effects including Glucose-iAUC and Insulin-iAUC, which should be addressed in further trials. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Micro-ribonucleic acid modulation with oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus - a review article; In parallel with the rapid growth of obesity, there is also an increase in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) worldwide. Due to its complications, cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death in those patients. In the last two decades, special attention has been given to oxidative stress and inflammation, as the underlying mechanisms related to T2D occurrence and progression. Moreover, micro-ribonucleic acids (miRNAs) as new genetic biomarkers take an important place in the investigation of different metabolic pathways of insulin signaling. In this review article, we discuss microRNA modulation with oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with T2D. Better insight into the novel potential therapeutic targets for treatment of diabetes and its complications is of utmost importance for public health. © 2022 Termedia Publishing House Ltd.. All rights reserved.
A Mixture of Pure, Isolated Polyphenols Worsens the Insulin Resistance and Induces Kidney and Liver Fibrosis Markers in Diet‐Induced Obese Mice; Obesity is a worldwide epidemic with severe metabolic consequences. Polyphenols are secondary metabolites in plants and the most abundant dietary antioxidants, which possess a wide range of health effects. The most relevant food sources are fruit and vegetables, red wine, black and green tea, coffee, virgin olive oil, and chocolate, as well as nuts, seeds, herbs, and spices. The aim of this work was to evaluate the ability of a pure, isolated polyphenol supplementation to counteract the pernicious metabolic effects of a high‐fat diet (HFD). Our results indicated that the administration of pure, isolated polyphenols under HFD conditions for 26 weeks worsened the glucose metabolism in diet‐induced obese mice. The data showed that the main target organ for these undesirable effects were the kidneys, where we observed fibrotic, oxidative, and kidney‐disease markers. This work led us to conclude that the administration of pure polyphenols as a food supplement would not be advisable. Instead, the ingestion of complete “whole” foods would be the best way to get the health effects of bioactive compounds such as polyphenols. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The SGLT2 inhibitor dapagliflozin promotes systemic FFA mobilization, enhances hepatic β-oxidation, and induces ketosis; Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors have been shown to increase ketone bodies in patients with type 2 diabetes; however, the underlying mechanisms have not been fully elucidated. Here we examined the effect of the SGLT2 inhibitor dapagliflozin (1 mg/kg/day, formulated in a water, PEG400, ethanol, propylene glycol solution, 4 weeks) on lipid metabolism in obese Zucker rats. Fasting FFA metabolism was assessed in the anesthetized state using a [9,10-3H(N)]-palmitic acid tracer by estimating rates of plasmaFFAappearance (Ra),whole-bodyFFAoxidation (Rox), and nonoxidative disposal (Rst). In the liver, clearance (Kβ-ox) and flux (Rβ-ox) of FFA into β-oxidation were estimated using [9,10-3H]-(R)-bromopalmitate/[U-14C] palmitate tracers. As expected, dapagliflozin induced glycosuria and a robust antidiabetic effect; treatment reduced fasting plasma glucose and insulin, lowered glycated hemoglobin, and increased pancreatic insulin content compared with vehicle controls. Dapagliflozin also increased plasma FFA, Ra, Rox, and Rst with enhanced channeling toward oxidation versus storage. In the liver, there was also enhanced channeling of FFA to β-oxidation, with increased Kβ-ox, Rβ-ox and tissue acetyl-CoA, compared with controls. Finally, dapagliflozin increased hepatic HMG-CoA and plasma β-hydroxybutyrate, consistent with a specific enhancement of ketogenesis. Since ketogenesis has not been directly measured, we cannot exclude an additional contribution of impaired ketone body clearance to the ketosis. In conclusion, this study provides evidence that the dapagliflozin-induced increase in plasma ketone bodies is driven by the combined action of FFA mobilization from adipose tissue and diversion of hepatic FFA toward β-oxidation.  © 2022 THE AUTHORS.
Curcumin and Its Analogs as Potential Epigenetic Modulators: Prevention of Diabetes and Its Complications; Background: The pathobiology of diabetes and associated complications has been widely researched in various countries, but effective prevention and treatment methods are still insufficient. Diabetes is a metabolic disorder of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins caused by an absence of insulin or insulin resistance, which mediates an increase of oxidative stress, release of inflammatory factors, and macro- or micro-circulation dysfunctions, ultimately developing into diverse complications. Summary: In the last decade through pathogenesis research, epigenetics has been found to affect metabolic diseases. Particularly, DNA methylation, histone acetylation, and miRNAs promote or inhibit diabetes and complications by regulating the expression of related factors. Curcumin has a wide range of beneficial pharmacological activities, including anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidation, anticancer, anti-diabetes, anti-rheumatism, and increased immunity. Key Messages: In this review, we discuss the effects of curcumin and analogs on diabetes and associated complications through epigenetics, and we summarize the preclinical and clinical researches for curcumin and its analogs in terms of management of diabetes and associated complications, which may provide an insight into the development of targeted therapy of endocrine diseases.  © 2021
Intestinal Barrier and Permeability in Health, Obesity and NAFLD; The largest surface of the human body exposed to the external environment is the gut. At this level, the intestinal barrier includes luminal microbes, the mucin layer, gastrointestinal motility and secretion, enterocytes, immune cells, gut vascular barrier, and liver barrier. A healthy intestinal barrier is characterized by the selective permeability of nutrients, metabolites, water, and bacterial products, and processes are governed by cellular, neural, immune, and hormonal factors. Disrupted gut permeability (leaky gut syndrome) can represent a predisposing or aggravating condition in obesity and the metabolically associated liver steatosis (nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, NAFLD). In what follows, we describe the morphological-functional features of the intestinal barrier, the role of major modifiers of the intestinal barrier, and discuss the recent evidence pointing to the key role of intestinal permeability in obesity/NAFLD. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Prediction of Insulin Resistance and Impaired Fasting Glucose Based on Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin (SHBG) Levels in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Objective. Decreased synthesis of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) related to hyperinsulinemia is one of the disturbances characteristic of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Hyperinsulinemia is a compensatory mechanism for liver insulin resistance (IR); thus, SHBG may be considered as a surrogate marker of liver IR. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the prediction of IR and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) based on SHBG levels in women with PCOS. Methods. This analysis included data retrieved from medical records of 854 patients with PCOS hospitalized in the Gynecological Endocrinology Clinic from 2012 to 2019. Data including anthropometric parameters, fasting plasma glucose, insulin, and SHBG levels were analyzed. BMI and HOMA-IR were calculated with standard formulas. Results. IFG and IR assessed based on HOMA-IR values > 2.0 were found in 19.5% and 47.8% of the study group, respectively. Empirical optimal cutoff values for SHBG levels were ≤41.5 nmol/L typical for IR (AUC 0.711, sensitivity 61.1%, specificity 71.6%, positive predictive value (PPV) 70.7%, and negative predictive value (NPV) 62.1%). The probability of insulin resistance occurrence for SHBG concentration 26.1 nmol/L (the lower normal range) was 61.6% (95% CI: 57.4%-65.8%). The SHBG concentration of 36.4 nmol/L and 8.1 nmol/L was related to a 10% and 20% probability of IFG, respectively. Conclusion. In conclusion, this is the first study estimating the probability of liver IR and IFG occurrence based on SHBG levels in women with PCOS. Despite the low sensitivity, SHBG level below 42 nmol/L should cause closer monitoring for the fatty liver and prediabetes.  © 2022 Aleksandra Biernacka-Bartnik et al.
Hepatic Steatosis Index and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in China: Insights from a General Population-Based Cohort Study; Purpose. In the Chinese population, we looked at the relationship between the hepatic steatosis index (HSI) and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods. To evaluate the association between HSI and the risk of T2DM, Cox regression models were employed. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95 percent confidence intervals (CI) were computed. A stratified analysis with interaction testing was also carried out. Additionally, we evaluated the incremental predictive value of the HSI over the established risk factors using the C-statistic, the IDI, and the NRI. Results. During a median follow-up period of 2.97 years, 433 (1.97%) participants developed new-onset T2DM. The smoothing curve fit plot showed a positive correlation between HSI and the risk of T2DM. After adjusting for all noncollinear variables, the risk of T2DM increased by 62% for every 1 standard deviation (SD) increase in HSI. Subgroup analysis indicated that higher HSI levels were associated with a higher risk of T2DM in those aged<40 years. The addition of HSI enhanced the reclassification and discrimination of established risk factors, with an IDI of 0.027 and an NRI of 0.348 (both P<0.001). Conclusion. Our findings suggest that an elevated HSI is substantially associated with a greater risk of T2DM in the Chinese population. HSI has the potential to be an available and supplementary monitoring method for the management of T2DM risk stratification in the Chinese population.  © 2022 Xintian Cai et al.
Effect of Ruanjian Xiaoying Granules on Hashimoto Rats with Depression of Liver and Deficiency of Spleen and Effect on Intestinal Microflora; In order to investigate the effect of Ruanjian Xiaoying Granule, experiments were conducted on the intestinal flora of rats with liver depression and spleen deficiency. 48 SPF grade rats are used as the object, and 12 rats are randomly selected as the normal control group. The Hashimoto rat model of liver depression and spleen deficiency type by drug intervention is constructed by the remaining rats. They are randomly divided into three groups: the model group, the traditional Chinese medicine group, and the Jinshuibao group. The normal group and model group are given 2 ml of distilled water twice a day, and the traditional Chinese medicine group is given the Ruanjian Xiaoying granule group (12.96 g/kg/day) twice a day. The Jinshuibao capsule is dissolved in water and given orally at a dose of 0.45 g/kg/day twice a day. After 12 weeks of intervention, the effect is evaluated, and the levels of serum TGAb, TPOAb, and bacterial diversity are compared. Experimental results show that Ruanjian Xiaoying granules can promote the regulation of flora levels in Hashimoto rats with liver depression and spleen deficiency.  © 2022 Tianjiao Dong and Lan Zhang.
Deciphering the tRNA-derived small RNAs: origin, development, and future; Transfer RNA (tRNA)-derived small RNAs (tsRNAs), a novel category of small noncoding RNAs, are enzymatically cleaved from tRNAs. Previous reports have shed some light on the roles of tsRNAs in the development of human diseases. However, our knowledge about tsRNAs is still relatively lacking. In this paper, we review the biogenesis, classification, subcellular localization as well as action mechanism of tsRNAs, and discuss the association between chemical modifications of tRNAs and the production and functions of tsRNAs. Furthermore, using immunity, metabolism, and malignancy as examples, we summarize the molecular mechanisms of tsRNAs in diseases and evaluate the potential of tsRNAs as new biomarkers and therapeutic targets. At the same time, we compile and introduce several resource databases that are currently publicly available for analyzing tsRNAs. Finally, we discuss the challenges associated with research in this field and future directions. © 2021, The Author(s).
Association of History of Spontaneous or Induced Abortion with Subsequent Risk of Gestational Diabetes; Importance: Gestational diabetes (GD) is one of the most common and important complications of pregnancy. Identifying pregnant women who are at high risk of GD is crucial for implementing early prevention and intervention. Objective: To examine whether a history of spontaneous abortion (SAB) or induced abortion is associated with increased risk of GD in subsequent pregnancies. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective cohort study was conducted at a tertiary hospital in Shanghai, China. Pregnant women who received routine antenatal care between January 2014 and December 2019 were included. Data analysis was performed from December 2020 to June 2021. Exposures: Maternal history of abortion, including SAB and induced abortion, were extracted from medical records. Main Outcomes and Measures: GD was diagnosed with a 75-g diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test. A multivariable-adjusted log-binomial analysis was used to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs of GD associated with history of abortion. Results: Among the 102259 included pregnant women (mean [SD] age, 29.8 [3.8] years), 14579 (14.3%) experienced only SAB, 17935 (17.5%) experienced only induced abortion, and 4017 (3.9%) experienced both SAB and induced abortion. A total of 12153 GD cases were identified, and the prevalence of GD was 11.9% (12153 of 102259 women) in this cohort. Pregnant women who experienced only SAB (RR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.18-1.31) or both SAB and induced abortion (RR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.05-1.27) were at higher risk of developing GD. The association of SAB history with GD occurred in a number-dependent manner. Compared with pregnant women with no history of abortion, the RR for GD increased by 18% (RR, 1.18; 95% CI, 1.11-1.26) for pregnant women with 1 SAB, by 41% (RR, 1.41; 95% CI, 1.27-1.57) for those with 2 SABs, and by 43% (RR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.22-1.67) for those more than 2 SABs. However, no association between history of induced abortion and GD was observed. Conclusions and Relevance: This study found that a history of SAB was associated with increased risk of GD in subsequent pregnancies. Further research is needed to clarify this association and explore the potential biological mechanisms underlying the association. © 2022 Zhao Y et al.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the association with pregnancy outcomes; Background/Aims: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Twenty-two studies, with 13,641 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 6.00; 95% CI, 2.21–16.31; P<0.001; n=7), baseline Hypertension (OR, 3.75; 95% CI, 2.13–6.59; P<0.001; n=4), gestational hypertension (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.03–3.26; P=0.041; n=2), and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.46–4.04; P=0.001; n=3). The odds for a past and current history of gestational diabetes mellitus were OR, 3.78; 95% CI, 2.21–6.44; P<0.001; n=5 and OR, 3.23; 95% CI, 1.97– 5.31; P<0.001; n=6, respectively. As for fetal outcomes, pregnant NAFLD patients were significantly more likely to have a premature birth (OR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.44–2.85; P<0.001; n=4), large for gestational age birth (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.72–2.37; P<0.001; n=2) or a history of prior miscarriage or abortion (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.02–1.30; P=0.02; n=2). Egger’s regression revealed no evidence of publication bias (P>0.05). Conclusions: This meta-analysis provides pooled evidence that NAFLD is associated with a substantial increase in maternal diabetic and hypertensive complications and multiple adverse fetal outcomes. This data is important for clinicians managing these patients before, during and after pregnancy. © 2022 by Korean Association for the Study of the Liver.
A transcriptional regulatory network of HNF4α and HNF1α involved in human diseases and drug metabolism; HNF4α and HNF1α are core transcription factors involved in the development and progression of a variety of human diseases and drug metabolism. They play critical roles in maintaining the normal growth and function of multiple organs, mainly the liver, and in the metabolism of endogenous and exogenous substances. The twelve isoforms of HNF4α may exhibit different physiological functions, and HNF4α and HNF1α show varying or even opposing effects in different types of diseases, particularly cancer. Additionally, the regulation of CYP450, phase II drug-metabolizing enzymes, and drug transporters is affected by several factors. This article aims to review the role of HNF4α and HNF1α in human diseases and drug metabolism, including their structures and physiological functions, affected diseases, regulated drug metabolism genes, influencing factors, and related mechanisms. We also propose a transcriptional regulatory network of HNF4α and HNF1α that regulates the expression of target genes related to disease and drug metabolism. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A narrative review of the role of gastrointestinal dysbiosis in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome; Diet-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis has been hypothesized to play a significant role in stimulating an increase in gastrointestinal permeability and activating systemic inflammation in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). We reviewed the current proof-of-concept studies on the proposed mechanism of dysbiosis in the pathogenesis of PCOS. A literature search was performed to identify articles on changes in the intestinal microbiome (dysbiosis) and increased intestinal mucosal permeability involving lipopolysaccharide (LPS), LPS-binding protein (LPS-BP), and zonulin. We also searched for systematic reviews and meta-analyses that synthesized the results of studies on the therapeutic effects of prebiotics, probiotics, or synbiotics in women with PCOS. Our search was confined to human studies between 2012 and 2021 using the PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane databases. Thirty-one studies met the inclusion criteria (14 microbiota, 1 LPS, 1 LPS-BP, 1 LPS and LPS-BP, 5 zonulin, 9 systematic reviews). Our analysis revealed that most studies reported reduced alpha diversity and dysbiosis in women with PCOS. Preliminary studies suggest that LPS, LPS-BP, and zonulin may be involved in the pathophysiology of increased intestinal permeability. Treatment of PCOS with prebiotics, probiotics, and synbiotics appears to have a range of beneficial effects on metabolic and biochemical profiles. This review highlights the need for continued research into the pathophysiological mechanisms of dysbiosis and the clinical efficacy of prebiotics, probiotics, and synbiotics in women with PCOS. © 2022. Korean Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology. All Rights Reserved.
Retinol binding protein 4 antagonists and protein synthesis inhibitors: Potential for therapeutic development; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a serum protein that transports Vitamin A. RBP4 is correlated with numerous diseases and metabolic syndromes, including insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, obesity, and macular degeneration. Recently, RBP4 antagonists and protein synthesis inhibitors are under development to regulate the effect of RBP4. Several RBP4 antagonists, especially BPN-14136, have demonstrated promising safety profiles and potential therapeutic benefits in animal studies. Two RBP4 antagonists, specifically tinlarebant (Belite Bio) and STG-001 (Stargazer) are currently undergoing clinical trials. Some antidiabetic drugs and nutraceuticals have been reported to reduce RBP4 expression, but more clinical data is needed to evaluate their therapeutical benefits. As regulating RBP4 levels or its activities would benefit a wide range of patients, further research is highly recommended to develop clinically useful RBP4 antagonists or protein synthesis inhibitors. © 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS
The effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on oxidative stress and clinical indices of migraine patients: a randomized controlled trial; Aims: The relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and oxidative stress (OS) in patients diagnosed with migraine is unknown and remains to be examined. Hence, we conducted a parallel-group, randomized controlled trial to investigate this issue. Methods: Of the 102 women who met all the inclusion criteria, 51 individuals were randomized to the DASH diet group and 51 to the usual dietary advice group to receive allocated intervention for three months. In order to assess the compliance of participants to the DASH diet, dietary records, and serum vitamin C levels were examined. Parameters of OS status (e.g. nitric oxide (NO), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), total oxidative status (TOS), malondialdehyde (MDA), and oxidative stress index (OSI)) and clinical indices of migraine (e.g. migraine index (MI), headache dairy result (HDR), and migraine headache index score (MHIS)) were assessed at the beginning and the end of the study. Results: There was a significant reduction in NO (–5.75 vs. + 4.18, P = 0.025) and TOS (–1.55 vs. + 0.71, P = 0.034), and a marginally significant reduction in OSI (-0.10 vs. + 0.14, P = 0.060) in the DASH group compared with the control. Compliance with the DASH diet resulted in a significant decrease in the score of MI (–31.33 vs.–15.09), HDR (–5.04 vs. –2.51), and MHIS (–44.21 vs. –26.74). Moreover, no significant change was observed in TAC, MDA, and total thiol content. Conclusion: This type of dietary approach can be considered as a complementary treatment for migraine patients, also further investigations are needed to replicate our findings. Trial registration:Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials identifier: IRCT20121216011763N38. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
MCLR-elicited hepatic fibrosis and carcinogenic gene expression changes persist in rats with diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis through a 4-week recovery period; Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) causes liver extracellular matrix (ECM) remodeling and is a risk factor for fibrosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Microcystin-LR (MCLR) is a hepatotoxin produced by fresh-water cyanobacteria that causes a NASH-like phenotype, liver fibrosis, and is also a risk factor for HCC. The focus of the current study was to investigate and compare hepatic recovery after cessation of MCLR exposure in healthy versus NASH animals. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed either a control or a high fat/high cholesterol (HFHC) diet for eight weeks. Animals received either vehicle or 30 μg/kg MCLR (i.p: 2 weeks, alternate days). Animals were euthanized at one of three time points: at the completion of the MCLR exposure period and after 2 and 4 weeks of recovery. Histological staining suggested that after four weeks of recovery the MCLR-exposed HFHC group had less steatosis and more fibrosis compared to the vehicle-exposed HFHC group and MCLR-exposed control group. RNA-Seq analysis revealed dysregulation of ECM genes after MCLR exposure in both control and HFHC groups that persisted only in the HFHC groups during recovery. After 4 weeks of recovery, MCLR hepatotoxicity in pre-existing NASH persistently dysregulated genes related to cellular differentiation and HCC. These data demonstrate impaired hepatic recovery and persistent carcinogenic changes after MCLR toxicity in pre-existing NASH. © 2021 The Author(s)
High-fat diet exacerbates cognitive and metabolic abnormalities in neuronal BACE1 knock-in mice–partial prevention by Fenretinide; Objective: The β-site APP-cleaving enzyme 1 (BACE1) is a rate-limiting step in β-amyloid (Aβ) production in Alzheimer’s disease (AD) brains, but recent evidence suggests that BACE1 is also involved in metabolic regulation. Here, we aimed to assess the effects of highfat diet (HFD) on metabolic and cognitive phenotypes in the diabetic BACE1 knock-in mice (PLB4) and WT controls; we additionally examined whether these phenotypes can be normalized with a synthetic retinoid (Fenretinide, Fen) targeting weight loss. Methods: Five-month old male WT and PLB4 mice were fed either (1) control chow diet, (2) 45%-saturated fat diet (HFD), (3) HFD with 0.04% Fen (HFD + Fen) or (4) control chow diet with 0.04% Fen (Fen) for 10 weeks. We assessed basic metabolic parameters, circadian rhythmicity, spatial habituation (Phenotyper) and working memory (Y-maze). Hypothalami, forebrain and liver tissues were assessed using Western blots, qPCR and ELISAs. Results: HFD feeding drastically worsened metabolism and induced early mortality (−40%) in otherwise viable PLB4 mice. This was ameliorated by Fen, despite no effects on glucose intolerance. In HFD-fed WT mice, Fen reduced weight gain, glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis. The physiological changes induced in WT and PLB4 mice by HFD (+/−Fen) were accompanied by enhanced cerebral astrogliosis, elevated PTP1B, phopsho-eIF2α and altered hypothalamic transcription of Bace1, Pomc and Mc4r. Behaviourally, HFD feeding exacerbated spatial memory deficits in PLB4 mice, which was prevented by Fen and linked with increased full-length APP, normalized brain Aβ*56 oligomerization and astrogliosis. Conclusions: HFD induces early mortality and worsened cognition in the Alzheimer’s-like BACE1 mice– partial prevention was achieved with Fenretinide, without improvements in glucose homeostasis. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Nitro fatty acids (No2-fas): An emerging class of bioactive fatty acids; Unsaturated nitro fatty acids (NO2 -FAs) constitute a category of molecules that may be formed endogenously by the reaction of unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) with secondary species of nitrogen monoxide and nitrite anions. The warhead of NO2 -FAs is a nitroalkene moiety, which is a potent Michael acceptor and can undergo nucleophilic attack from thiol groups of biologically relevant proteins, showcasing the value of these molecules regarding their therapeutic potential against many diseases. In general, NO2 -FAs inhibit nuclear factorκ-B (NF-κB), and simultaneously they activate nuclear factor (erythroid derived)-like 2 (Nrf2), which activates an antioxidant signaling pathway. NO2 -FAs can be synthesized not only endogenously in the organism, but in a synthetic laboratory as well, either by a step-by-step synthesis or by a direct nitration of UFAs. The step-by-step synthesis requires specific precursor compounds and is in position to afford the desired NO2 -FAs with a certain position of the nitro group. On the contrary, the direct nitration of UFAs is not a selective methodology; thus, it affords a mixture of all possible nitro isomers. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
How do serum zonulin levels change in gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy cholestasis, and the coexistence of both diseases?; We investigated the question of how serum zonulin levels change in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and, in the case of the coexistence of ICP and GDM, evaluated the eventual increase in zonulin plasmatic levels. Participants were enrolled for the study between 25 February 2021 and 20 August 2021. The prospective case-control study included: group 1 of 95 pregnant women diagnosed with ICP; group 2 of 110 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM; group 3 of 16 women diagnosed with both GDM and ICP; group 4 of 136 healthy pregnant women as the control group. The groups were compared in terms of age, body mass index (BMI), gravidity, parity, gestational week of delivery, plasma zonulin levels, delivery type, birth weight, first-and fifth-minute APGAR scores, newborn intensive care unit (NICU) admission, and meconium staining of amniotic fluid parameters. The results suggested that the plasma zonulin levels of ICP (group 1), GDM (group 2), and GDM with ICP (group 3) patients were higher than those of the healthy pregnant women of group 4 (p < 0.001). Among the patient groups, the highest median plasma zonulin levels were found in group 3 (110.33 ng/mL). Zonulin levels were also associated with the severity of ICP and adverse pregnancy outcomes. High serum zonulin levels were related to GDM, ICP, and adverse perinatal outcomes. The coexistence of GDM and ICP led to higher serum zonulin concentrations. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Physiological changes in pregnancy and their influence on the endocrine investigation; Background: Physiological changes in pregnancy may result in significant alterations in endocrine hormone profiles, serum and urine electrolytes and endocrine gland morphology on imaging. Pregnancy-specific pathophysiological processes may also affect the results for endocrine tests. Investigation of endocrine disorders in pregnancy requires knowledge of these changes and awareness of the safety of dynamic hormone testing and imaging for the mother and foetus. Objective: This review seeks to outline the important physiological changes in pregnancy affecting reference intervals of basal and dynamic endocrine tests in pregnancy and the scenarios in which these changes are clinically significant, the pregnancy-specific disorders that may affect the investigation of endocrine disorders, and the safety of dynamic testing and imaging. Conclusion: Awareness of the effect of physiological changes, and the potential impact of pregnancy-specific disorders of endocrine tests, and the safety of imaging is crucial to the management of endocrine disorders in pregnancy. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Therapeutic potentials of agonist and antagonist of adenosine receptors in type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes has been a global health challenge over the decades and is among the leading causes of death. Several treatment approaches have been developed, but more effective and new therapies are still needed. The role of adenosine in glucose and lipid homeostasis has offered a different therapeutic approach. Adenosine mediates its physiological role through the activation of adenosine receptors. These adenosine receptors have been implicated in glucose and lipid homeostasis. The ability of agonists and antagonists of adenosine receptors to activate or inhibit the adenosine signalling cascade and thereby affecting the balance of glucose and lipid homeostasis has challenged the studies of agonists and antagonists of adenosine receptors, both preclinical and clinical, as potential anti-diabetic drugs. This review provides a background on different anti-diabetic therapeutic approaches, outlining the role of adenosine receptors in glucose and lipid homeostasis, and mechanisms underlying the action of agonists/antagonists of adenosine receptors as a therapeutic potential towards type 2 diabetes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Hsa_circRNA_102682 is closely related to lipid metabolism in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To explore the relationship between circular RNA (circRNA) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the metabolic profile at the molecular level, and find a biological marker that can predict GDM early. Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted using data and samples from women treated at a hospital in China between January 10 2018 and February 20 2019. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to evaluate the expression level of hsa_circRNA_102682 in serum and analyze its correlation with lipid metabolism parameters. Results: Advanced age and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) during pregnancy are risk factors for GDM. The expression level of hsa_circ_102682 was lower among the cases than the controls (p=.000). The levels of triglyceride, apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1), APOB, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were different between the controls and cases (p<.05). Hsa_circRNA_102682 was significantly correlated with triglycerides, APOA1, APOB, 1-h blood glucose in the serum of GDM patients, and the correlation coefficients were 0.319, 0.314, 0.286, and 0.311, respectively (p<.05). The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve is 0.684 (95% confidence interval 0.611–0.756, p=.0001). Conclusions: Hsa_circRNA_102682 may regulate lipid metabolism, participate in the pathogenesis of GDM. It can be used as a marker to predict GDM. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gut microbiome and metabolic response in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Fatty liver disease (FLD) is one of the largest burdens to human health worldwide and is associated with gut microbiome and metabolite stability. Engineered liver tissues have shown promise in restoring liver functions in non-alcoholic FLD (NAFLD), hepatitis and cirrhosis. Fatty liver, largely noted in obesity and hepatic cancer, is highly fatal and has led to a global increase in death rates. It is associated with complex metabolic reprogramming too. A standard approach to therapy in the newly diagnosed setting includes surgery or identification of biomarkers/ metabolites for therapeutic purposes, which ultimately focus on improvement of liver health in patients. As such there are no standard procedures for patient care, but depending on the severity, systemic therapy with either genomic, proteomic or metabolomic profiling form potential options. Better comparisons and study of underlying mechanisms in gut microbiome-based metabolic functions in obesity are urgently required. Today, an emerging field, focusing on metabolomic approaches and metabolic phenotyping, involved in high-throughput identification of metabolome in obesity and gut disorders, is involved in biomarker and metabolite identification. There are supporting technologies and approaches in NAFLD that throw light on the metabolites and gut microbiome, and also on the understanding of the risk factors of obesity along with liver cancer metabolic reaction networks. We discuss the current state of NAFLD metabolites, gut micro-environmental changes, and the further challenges in digital metabolomics profiling. Innovative clinical trial designs, with biomarker-enrichment strategies that are required to improve the outcome of NAFLD in patients are also discussed. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Fruit consumption and multiple health outcomes: An umbrella review; Background: Although several systematic reviews and meta-analyses have been conducted to assess the relationship between fruit intake and health outcomes, the results of the relationship are inconclusive. Scope and approach: We conducted an umbrella evaluation of existing research on the relationship between fruit intake and various health outcomes in humans. We used A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews 2 and Grade of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluation to comprehensively evaluate the methodological quality and evidence quality of the research. We also performed a subgroup analysis based on the study design. Key findings and conclusions: The umbrella review covered 59 qualified studies, which included 77 meta-analyses and 66 health outcomes. No adverse relationships between fruit intake and health outcomes were found. Moderate-quality evidence suggested that one serving increment of fruit per day could decrease the risks of cardiovascular disease (RR: 0.97, 95% CI: 0.95 to 0.99), stroke (RR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.88 to 0.96), coronary heart disease (RR: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.93 to 0.99), and oral cancer (OR: 0.51, 95% CI: 0.40 to 0.65). And moderate-quality evidence presented that 200 g increment of fruit intake per day was associated with lower risk of breast cancer (RR: 0.94, 95% CI: 0.89 to 0.99), and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus could be reduced by 8%-12% when the fruit intake increasing to 100-500 g/d. For the remaining studies, the quality of evidence was either low or very low. We also found that the study design could influence the significance of the association between fruit intake and health outcomes. Large-sample, multi-center, and multi-country randomized controlled trials or prospective studies are required to verify our results. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
PROGRANULIN AND CHEMERIN PLASMA LEVEL IN OBESE PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES TREATED WITH A LONG-ACTING INSULIN ANALOGUE AND PREMIXED INSULIN ANALOGUE; Diabetes, referred to as the first non-infectious epidemic, covers a heterogenous group of metabolic diseases marked by hyperglycemia resulting from a defect of insulin secretion and/or insulin resistance. Highly endocrine active adipocytes, particularly those located in white adipose tissue, constitute a source of cytokines, growth factors and complement component as well as adipocytokines including chemerin and progranulin could be the key molecules in the pathomechanism of hypertension, dyslipidemia, metabolic disorders or diabetes type 2. In this study, it was decided to verify the existence of possible relationships between the plasma concentration of progranulin and chemerin and the values of intermediate indices of insulin sensitivity and insulin resistance in patients, both before and after the 6-month insulin therapy by long-acting insulin analogue and premixed insulin analogue. The level of laboratory parameters in blood plasma collected from the control group and from obese individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus was estimated with the test kits using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA): the test of Mediagnost E103 GmbH GmbH, Reutlingen, Germany for progranulin; the test of BioVendor R&D, Brno, Czech Republic for chemerin. The aim of this study was to assess the progranulin and chemerin plasma level in obese individuals with type 2 diabetes, before and after 6 months of pharmacological treatment with a long-acting analogue human insulin or premixed insulin. In the blood plasma of untreated diabetics-in contrary to progranulin plasma concentration in diabetic patients after management implementation-progranulin was found to occur in a significantly higher concentration in relation to the level of this protein in the blood plasma of control group individuals. Despite the fact that 6-month therapy, both with the insulin mixture and with the long-acting analogue in people with diabetes, does not significantly affect the plasma chemerin concentration, the high, negative correlation between the progranulin and chemerin levels in the blood of individuals of the control group, and a positive one between the levels of progranulin and chemerin in people with diabetes before and after treatment was found. The conducted studies indicated the modified, in the course of diabetes type 2, mutual quantitative relations between progranulin and chemerin-the biological mediators of systemic metabolism, reflecting their active participation in the pathogenetic changes underlying type 2 diabetes. The obtained study results indicate a modification of mutual relationships of the adipocytokines assessed in the paper-progranulin and chemerin, associated with the development of the systemic inflammatory response occurring in the course of obesity which, by inducing insulin resistance, may consequently lead to type 2 diabetes. Taking into consideration the fact that the plasma progranulin and chemerin concentrations in obese patients with type 2 diabetes subjected to pharmacotherapy have not been assessed so far, it is possible that the obtained study results may cast light on the potential influence of the applied treatment on the systemic changes of the both adipocytokines involved in the pathomechanism of the mentioned disorder and thus create the possibility of implementing new therapeutic strategies in the management of patients with diabetes, which is an increasingly common, fast-spreading metabolic disease considered as a non-infectious epidemic of the 21st century. © 2021, Polish Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Prenylcysteine oxidase 1, an emerging player in atherosclerosis; The research into the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis has considerably increased our understanding of the disease complexity, but still many questions remain unanswered, both mechanistically and pharmacologically. Here, we provided evidence that the pro-oxidant enzyme Prenylcysteine Oxidase 1 (PCYOX1), in the human atherosclerotic lesions, is both synthesized locally and transported within the subintimal space by proatherogenic lipoproteins accumulating in the arterial wall during atherogenesis. Further, Pcyox1 deficiency in Apoe-/- mice retards atheroprogression, is associated with decreased features of lesion vulnerability and lower levels of lipid peroxidation, reduces plasma lipid levels and inflammation. PCYOX1 silencing in vitro affects the cellular proteome by influencing multiple functions related to inflammation, oxidative stress, and platelet adhesion. Collectively, these findings identify the pro-oxidant enzyme PCYOX1 as an emerging player in atherogenesis and, therefore, understanding the biology and mechanisms of all functions of this unique enzyme is likely to provide additional therapeutic opportunities in addressing atherosclerosis. © 2021, The Author(s).
Impact of the level of adherence to the Mediterranean Diet on blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: High blood pressure (BP) constitutes a common and serious medical condition which is rising globally, and is among preventable factors for cardiovascular, renal, brain and other diseases. Modifiable risk factors of high BP include unhealthy dietary patterns, presence of obesity, excess alcohol consumption and lack of physical activity. Data in regard to the different types of diets show that Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with healthy levels of BP. In this study we aimed to investigate the impact of the level of adherence to MD in BP. Aims-methods: A systematic literature search (up to 08.2021) in PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane and Google Scholar databases was conducted, and 54 observational studies were included. Results: Systolic blood pressure (SBP) was found to be lower in the high adherence to MD group SMD: −0.08, (95%CI: −0.15, −0.02) whereas no differences regarding diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were observed between the high and low adherence to MD groups [SMD: −0.07, (95%CI: −0.13, 0.00)]. Mean DBP of all included studies for both high and low adherence groups were in healthy levels (<90 mmHg). Conclusions: Higher adherence to MD could positively influence SBP, but further research is needed in this field due to the heterogeneous definitions of low/high adherence and the type of studies used (observational). © 2021 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Impact of Maternal Intake of Artificial Sweetener, Acesulfame-K, on Metabolic and Reproductive Health Outcomes in Male and Female Mouse Offspring; Guidelines advising pregnant women to avoid food and beverages with high fat and sugar have led to an increase in the consumption of “diet” options sweetened by artificial sweeteners (AS). Yet, there is limited information regarding the impact of AS intake during pregnancy on the long-term risk of cardiometabolic and reproductive complications in adult offspring. This study examined the influence of maternal acesulfame-K (Ace-K) and fructose consumption on metabolic and reproductive outcomes in offspring. Pregnant C57BL/6 mice received standard chow ad-libitum with either water (CD), fructose (Fr; 20% kcal intake), or AS (AS; 12.5 mM Ace-K) throughout pregnancy and lactation (n = 8/group). Postweaning offspring were maintained on a CD diet for the remainder of the experiment. Body weight, food intake, and water intake were measured weekly. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were undertaken at 12 weeks, and the offspring were culled at week 14. Female, but not male, AS groups exhibited decreased glucose tolerance compared to Fr. There was an increase in gonadal fat adipocyte size in male offspring from AS and Fr groups compared to CD groups. In female offspring, adipocyte size was increased in the Fr group compared to the CD group. In female, but not male offspring, there was a trend toward increase in Fasn gene expression in AS group compared to the CD group. Maternal AS and Fr also negatively impacted upon female offspring estrus cycles and induced alterations to markers associated with ovulation. In summary, exposure to Ace-k via the maternal diet leads to impaired glucose tolerance and impacts adipocyte size in a sex-specific manner as well as significantly affecting estrus cycles and related gene markers in female offspring. This has implications in terms of providing tailored dietary advice for pregnant women and highlights the potential negative influence of artificial sweetener intake in the context of intergenerational impacts. Copyright © 2021 Bridge-Comer, Vickers, Morton-Jones, Spada, Rong and Reynolds.
Omega-3 supplementation and diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This study aimed to review the literature on studies that evaluated the effects of omega-3 supplementation on parameters of diabetes in humans. An online search was conducted in the following databases: Pubmed, LILACS, Scielo, Scopus, and Web of Science. It included experimental studies that investigated the effects of omega-3 supplementation for diabetes treatment or prevention and its relationship with fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance, and glycated hemoglobin. Observational, non-human studies and non-randomized clinical trials were excluded. The Cochrane scale assessed the quality of the studies. A meta-analysis was carried out to evaluate the effect of omega-3 on fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance, and glycated hemoglobin. Thirty studies were included in the review. Almost 70% (n = 20) demonstrated at least one significant effect of the omega-3 supplementation related to diabetes. In the meta-analysis, there was a significant effect on the reduction of fasting blood glucose [SMD: −0.48; CI95%: −0.76, −0.19; p = 0.01; I2 = 88%] and insulin resistance [SMD: −0.61; CI95%: −0.98, −0.24; p = 0.01; I2 = 90%]. For glycated hemoglobin, there was no significant effect in the meta-analysis. This systematic review with meta-analysis demonstrated that supplementation with omega-3 has protective effects on diabetes parameters. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The promising biological role of postbiotics derived from probiotic Lactobacillus species in reproductive health; Recent investigations have meaningfully developed our knowledge of the features of the reproductive microbiome/metabolome profile and their relations with host responses to offer an optimal milieu for the development of the embryo during the peri-implantation period and throughout pregnancy. In this context, the establishment of homeostatic circumstances in the Female Reproductive Tract (FRT), in various physiological periods, is a significant challenge, which appears the application of postbiotics can facilitate the achievement of this goal. So, currently, scientific literature confirms that postbiotics due to their antimicrobial, antiviral, and immunomodulatory properties can be considered as a novel biotherapeutic approach. Future investigation in this field will shed more translational mechanistic understanding of the interaction of the postbiotics derived from vaginal Lactobacilli with females' health and reproduction. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Endocrine Disruptors–‘Food’ for Thought; Green vegetables, fruits, cereals, and pulses are all rich sources of antioxidants. Retinoic acid, ascorbate, proanthocyanidins, tannins, saponins, melatonin, curcumin, allicin, and alpha-lipoic acid stand documented in plants as bioactive compounds. The international dietary committee advocates a specific quantum of these natural antioxidants through diet. Interestingly, environmental pollution has indeed affected most of these farm products. The use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and heavy metals in soil has a cumulative effect on human health. Enough evidence is available for the presence of phytoestrogen, xenoestrogen, and a host of other endocrine disruptors in the food. These plant-based nutrients can mimic or enhance the natural hormone's health effects. While endocrine disruptors are found in many everyday products, this review aims to address endocrine disruptors from food in the Asian subcontinent. 'Food for thought' justifies the paradigm shift towards good endocrine health by swaying away from the conventional daily dietary recommendations. © 2021, Zoological Society, Kolkata, India.
Assessments of risk of bias in systematic reviews of observational nutritional epidemiologic studies are often not appropriate or comprehensive: a methodological study; Background An essential component of systematic reviews is the assessment of risk of bias. To date, there has been no investigation of how reviews of nonrandomised studies of nutritional exposures (called ‘nutritional epidemiologic studies’) assess risk of bias. Objective To describe methods for the assessment of risk of bias in reviews of nutritional epidemiologic studies. Methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (Jan 2018–Aug 2019) and sampled 150 systematic reviews of nutritional epidemiologic studies. Results Most reviews (n=131/150; 87.3%) attempted to assess risk of bias. Commonly used tools neglected to address all important sources of bias, such as selective reporting (n=25/28; 89.3%), and frequently included constructs unrelated to risk of bias, such as reporting (n=14/28; 50.0%). Most reviews (n=66/101; 65.3%) did not incorporate risk of bias in the synthesis. While more than half of reviews considered biases due to confounding and misclassification of the exposure in their interpretation of findings, other biases, such as selective reporting, were rarely considered (n=1/150; 0.7%). Conclusion Reviews of nutritional epidemiologic studies have important limitations in their assessment of risk of bias. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021.
Maternal Obesity Related to High Fat Diet Induces Placenta Remodeling and Gut Microbiome Shaping That Are Responsible for Fetal Liver Lipid Dysmetabolism; Background: Maternal obesity in utero may affect fetal development and cause metabolic problems during childhood and even adulthood. Diet-induced maternal obesity can impair gut barrier integrity and change the gut microbiome, which may contribute to adverse placental adaptations and increase the obesity risk in offspring. However, the mechanism through which maternal obesity causes offspring metabolic disorder must be identified. Methods: Eight-week-old female rats received a control diet or high-fat (HF) diet for 11 weeks before conception and during gestation. The placentas were collected on gestational day 21 before offspring delivery. Placental tissues, gut microbiome, and short-chain fatty acids of dams and fetal liver tissues were studied. Results: Maternal HF diet and obesity altered the placental structure and metabolism-related transcriptome and decreased G protein–coupled receptor 43 expression. HF diet and obesity also changed the gut microbiome composition and serum propionate level of dams. The fetal liver exhibited steatosis, enhanced oxidative stress, and increased expression of acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 and lipoprotein lipase with changes in maternal HF diet and obesity. Conclusions: Maternal HF diet and obesity shape gut microbiota and remodel the placenta of dams, resulting in lipid dysmetabolism of the fetal liver, which may ultimately contribute to the programming of offspring obesity. Copyright © 2021 Wang, Yu, Tiao, Tain, Lin, Sheen, Lin, Chang, Chen, Tsai and Huang.
Mediating role of C-reactive protein in associations between pre-pregnancy BMI and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes: the ABCD-study cohort; Objectives: Increased body mass index (BMI) is associated with several adverse pregnancy outcomes, though the underlying mechanism of this association has not been fully elucidated. A mediating role of low-grade systemic inflammation in these associations is suspected but has been understudied. Our objective was to examine the effect of pre-pregnancy BMI (pBMI) on maternal and neonatal pregnancy outcomes and to explore potential mediation of these effects by C-reactive protein (CRP), a first trimester peripheral marker of inflammation. Methods: Data from the prospective community-based ABCD-study cohort (n = 3547) was used to assess associations between self-reported continuous and categorized pBMI and outcome measures gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE), preterm birth (PTB) and small for gestational age (SGA) based on national perinatal registration linkage data. High-sensitivity CRP concentrations determined in serum were used to explore potential mediation of these associations by inflammation. Results: Multivariable logistic regression analyses, adjusted for confounders, showed that pBMI was significantly related to gestational hypertensive disorders (odds ratio (OR) per standard deviation (SD) 1.66, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51–1.83) and PTB (OR 1.20, 95% CI 1.05–1.37). Dose–response relationships between categorical pBMI and gestational hypertensive disorders (overweight OR 2.37, 95% CI 1.85–3.03 and obese OR 4.45, 95% CI 2.93–6.72) and PTB (obese OR 2.12, 95% CI 1.16–3.87) were found as well. SGA was only significantly more prevalent in the underweight BMI category (OR 2.06, 95% CI 1.33–3.19). Mediation analyses revealed small but significant indirect effects of pBMI on overall PTB (0.037, bootstrapped 95% CI 0.005–0.065) and spontaneous PTB (0.038, bootstrapped 95% CI 0.002–0.069) through higher CRP. CRP was not a significant mediator of associations between BMI and gestational hypertensive disorders although larger mediation was found for GH than for PE. Conclusion: Our findings provide additional evidence that high(er) pBMI increases the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes and that systemic inflammation mediates some of these risks. Further research in large cohorts including (morbidly) obese women is warranted to identify pathways that may be incorporated in future interventions to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes due to maternal obesity. © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The association of hepatic steatosis and fibrosis with heart failure and mortality; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease and independently affects the development of cardiovascular (CV) disease. We investigated whether hepatic steatosis and/or fibrosis are associated with the development of incident heart failure (iHF), hospitalized HF (hHF), mortality, and CV death in both the general population and HF patients. Methods: We analyzed 778,739 individuals without HF and 7445 patients with pre-existing HF aged 40 to 80 years who underwent a national health check-up from January 2009 to December 2012. The presence of hepatic steatosis and advanced hepatic fibrosis was determined using cutoff values for fatty liver index (FLI) and BARD score. We evaluated the association of FLI or BARD score with the development of iHF, hHF, mortality and CV death using multivariable-adjusted Cox regression models. Results: A total of 28,524 (3.7%) individuals in the general population and 1422 (19.1%) pre-existing HF patients developed iHF and hHF respectively. In the multivariable-adjusted model, participants with an FLI ≥ 60 were at increased risk for iHF (hazard ratio [HR], 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.30, 1.24–1.36), hHF (HR 1.54, 95% CI 1.44–1.66), all-cause mortality (HR 1.62, 95% CI 1.54–1.70), and CV mortality (HR 1.41 95% CI 1.22–1.63) in the general population and hHF (HR 1.26, 95% CI 1.21–1.54) and all-cause mortality (HR 1.54 95% CI 1.24–1.92) in the HF patient group compared with an FLI < 20. Among participants with NAFLD, advanced liver fibrosis was associated with increased risk for iHF, hHF, and all-cause mortality in the general population and all-cause mortality and CV mortality in the HF patient group (all p < 0.05). Conclusion: Hepatic steatosis and/or advanced fibrosis as assessed by FLI and BARD score was significantly associated with the risk of HF and mortality. © 2021, The Author(s).
Does the gut microbiome partially mediate the impact of air pollutants exposure on liver function? Evidence based on schizophrenia patients; Air pollution may alter the composition of gut microbiome and subsequent liver-related metabolic disorders. Schizophrenia was often accompanied by liver dysfunction. But it was still unclear whether air pollutants affected liver function in patients with schizophrenia through gut microbiome. We aimed to clarify the impacts of long-term air pollutants on the gut microbiome and liver function in schizophrenia and to evaluate the intermediary effect of microbiome. Schizophrenia patients were recruited then serum biochemical indicators were tested. Air pollutant exposure in the previous year was retrospectively estimated by inverse distance weighting. The associations among air pollutants, gut microbiome, and liver function indicators in schizophrenia were estimated. Then the mediating effect of gut microbiome was further explored. The results showed that nitrogen dioxide (NO2), carbonic oxide (CO), ozone (O3), particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter ≤10 μm (PM10), and fine particulate matter (PM2.5) explained 2.68%–10.77% of the variation in gut microbiome composition (order level) in schizophrenia (all P < 0.05). Network correlation analysis indicated that air pollutants and liver function indicators were mainly related to Firmicutes, Actinobacteria, and Proteobacteria in schizophrenia. Long-term NO2 exposure significantly increased the levels of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) and glutamic pyruvic transaminase (GPT) in schizophrenia. Coriobacteriales mediated 13.98% and 49.56% (all P < 0.05) of the associations of long-term NO2 with GGT and GPT, respectively. To conclude, long-term NO2 exposure is positively associated with liver dysfunction in schizophrenia, in which gut microbiome plays an intermediary role. The two pathways, “NO2-Coriobacteriales-GGT” and “NO2-Coriobacteriales-GPT”, would provide scientific evidence for the intervention of schizophrenia with liver dysfunction. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Taper-in-taper fiber structure-based LSPR sensor for alanine aminotransferase detection; Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), a critical component of human blood, is inextricably associated with liver injury. The current study develops a novel biosensor based on the localized surface plasmon resonance (LSPR) principle for the detection of ALT analytes at concentrations ranging from 0 to 1000 Units per liter (U/L). According to the authors' knowledge, this is the first time an optical fiber structure with a taper-in-taper structure has been developed for biosensing applications. It is fabricated using the three-electrode semi-vacuum taper technique and is characterized using a combiner manufacturing system. Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs), molybdenum disulfide nanoparticles (MoS2-NPs), and cerium oxide nanoparticles (CeO2-NPs) are immobilized on the sensing region to improve the sensing performance. Prior to application, these nanoparticles are characterized using a high-resolution transmission electron microscope (HR-TEM) and a UV-Visible spectrophotometer. AuNPs promote the LSPR phenomenon, whereas MoS2-NPs/CeO2-NPs contribute to the sensor probe's biocompatibility and stability. Following that, the probe surface was functionalized with glutamate oxidase (GluOx) to improve selectivity. The probe demonstrated an excellent linear relationship with the subsequent assay's ALT concentration. Additionally, the probe's performance characteristics such as reusability, reproducibility, stability, and selectivity are evaluated in order to determine its clinical utility in diagnosing liver injury. © 2021 Optica Publishing Group under the terms of the Optica Open Access Publishing Agreement
ANTIDIABETIC PROPERTY OF MEDICINAL PLANTS IN MALAYSIA; Medicinal plants, natural products, and phytochemicals are widely used globally as alternative medicines in the management and treatment of various diseases, including diabetes. Diabetes is a complex metabolic disorder caused by reduced insulin secretion, insulin resistance, or a combination of both. The fast-rising prevalence of diabetes indicated that the optimum control of the diabetic epidemic is still not achieved. Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to a myriad of complications such as kidney problems, loss of vision, amputation, and death. Furthermore, diabetic patients are more predisposed to the infection of COVID-19 infection, thus making them more vulnerable during the current pandemic. Therefore, it is vital to provide effective treatment for diabetic patients to reduce the complications of diabetes. The potential of medicinal plants and their phytochemicals as antidiabetic agents have been reported by many previous researchers. Every part of the plants including the leaves, roots, fruits, seeds, and stems have been associated with significant outcomes in diabetes treatment. This review aimed to provide an update on the review of the roles and mechanisms of medicinal plants in the treatment of diabetes. A literature search was performed on different scientific search engines using the keywords “antidiabetic”, “medicinal plants”, “phytochemicals”, “mechanism of actions”, “extraction”, “glucose uptake”, and “insulin secretion”. The data obtained indicated that phytochemicals such as phenolics, flavonoids, glycosides, tannins, and alkaloids extracted from the leaves, fruits, seeds and stems exhibited antidiabetic properties. This review also suggested that phytochemicals from medicinal plants exhibited antidiabetic properties via various mechanisms in the treatment of diabetes. In short, these findings will provide important insights into the future development of antidiabetic drugs. © Penerbit UMT
Bacillus toyonensis SAU-19 ameliorates hepatic insulin resistance in high-fat diet/streptozocin-induced diabetic mice; Insulin resistance (IR) is a hallmark of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study was performed to investigate the antidiabetic effect of Bacillus toyonensis SAU-19 and its possible mechanisms of action in mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Thirty SPFKM mice were randomly assigned to three groups: control, diabetic model, and diabetes + Bacillus toyonensis SAU-19 group. After 35 days, blood was collected for biochemical analysis and liver tissue samples for histopathological analysis using H&E staining, qPCR, and ELISA. The results showed that the administration of B. toyonensis SAU-19 significantly improved the blood glucose, hepatic insulin resistance, and morphological changes of the liver characterized by significant improvement of dyslipidemia, glycogen synthesis, and antioxidant status (p < 0.05), indicating the strains’ ameliorating effects on hepatic insulin resistance in T2DM. In conclusion, the probiotic strain (B. toyonensis SAU-19) inhibits T2DM by reducing insulin resistance, improving antioxidant status, and downregulating genes related to glucose synthesis; hence, it may be used in treating diabetes and other metabolic disorders. This study provides the basis for further studies into the molecular mechanisms of B. toyonensis SAU-19 in treating T2DM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of Germinated Black Rice Krisna Extract on Fasting Blood Glucose and Body Weight in Diabetes Mellitus Rats; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a non-communicable disease that is generally associated with fasting blood glucose (FBG) level of >126 mg/dL and weight loss. Germinated black rice krisna (GBRK) extract contains phytochemicals with antioxidant and anti-diabetic properties. The purpose of this study was to assess the impact of GBRK extract on FBG level and body weight (BW) in rat model of DM. Methods: In an in vivo pre- and post-test study 36 male Wistar rats with BW design, of 150-200 g were enrolled and divided into 6 groups, including control (C), negative control (NC), GBRK 535 mg/kg BW (P1), GBRK 1070 mg/kg. BW (P2), and GBRK 2140 mg/kg BW (P3). Diabetes was induced using streptozotocin (STZ) and nicotinamide (NA) and the intervention period was 14 days. Measurement of FBG level was by quantitative enzymatic colorimetric test of Glucose Oxidase Phenol 4-Aminoantipyrine (GOD-PAP) and body weight was determined by a digital scale. Results: The administration of GBRK extract in P1, P2, and P3 groups could significantly reduce the FBG (p<0.01). GBRK in P1, P2, and P3 groups could also significantly improve the body weight to normal state too (p<0.01). Conclusion: GBRK extract at doses of 535, 1070, and 2140 mg/kg BW for 14 days was demonstrated to improve metabolic disorders in diabetes by reducing FBG level and improving the BW to the normal state. © 2021, Shiraz University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
A novel bioavailable curcumin-galactomannan complex modulates the genes responsible for the development of chronic diseases in mice: A RNA sequence analysis; Background: Chronic diseases or non-communicable diseases are a major burden worldwide due to the lack of highly efficacious treatment modalities and the serious side effects associated with the available therapies. Purpose/study design: A novel self-emulsifying formulation of curcumin with fenugreek galactomannan hydrogel scaffold as a water-dispersible non-covalent curcumin-galactomannan molecular complex (curcumagalactomannosides, CGM) has shown better bioavailability than curcumin and can be used for the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases. However, the exact potential of this formulation has not been studied, which would pave the way for its use for the prevention and treatment of multiple chronic diseases. Methods: The whole transcriptome analysis (RNAseq) was used to identify differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in the liver tissues of mice treated with LPS to investigate the potential of CGM on the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases. Expression analysis using DESeq2 package, GO, and pathway analysis of the differentially expressed transcripts was performed using UniProtKB and KEGG-KAAS server. Results: The results showed that 559 genes differentially expressed between the liver tissue of control mice and CGM treated mice (100 mg/kg b.wt. for 14 days), with adjusted p-value below 0.05, of which 318 genes were significantly upregulated and 241 were downregulated. Further analysis showed that 33 genes which were upregulated (log2FC > 8) in the disease conditions were significantly downregulated, and 32 genes which were downregulated (log2FC < −8) in the disease conditions were significantly upregulated after the treatment with CGM. Conclusion: Overall, our study showed CGM has high potential in the prevention and treatment of multiple chronic diseases. © 2021
Perinatal Food Deprivation Modifies the Caloric Restriction Response in Adult Mice Through Sirt1; Variations in the availability of nutritional resources in animals can trigger reversible adjustments, which in the short term are manifested as behavioral and physiological changes. Several of these responses are mediated by Sirt1, which acts as an energy status sensor governing a global genetic program to cope with changes in nutritional status. Growing evidence suggests a key role of the response of the perinatal environment to caloric restriction in the setup of physiological responses in adulthood. The existence of adaptive predictive responses has been proposed, which suggests that early nutrition could establish metabolic capacities suitable for future food-scarce environments. We evaluated how perinatal food deprivation and maternal gestational weight gain impact the transcriptional, physiological, and behavioral responses in mice, when acclimated to caloric restriction in adulthood. Our results show a strong predictive capacity of maternal weight and gestational weight gain, in the expression of Sirt1 and its downstream targets in the brain and liver, mitochondrial enzymatic activity in skeletal muscle, and exploratory behavior in offspring. We also observed differential responses of both lactation and gestational food restriction on gene expression, thermogenesis, organ masses, and behavior, in response to adult caloric restriction. We conclude that the early nutritional state could determine the magnitude of responses to food scarcity later in adulthood, mediated by the pivotal metabolic sensor Sirt1. Our results suggest that maternal gestational weight gain could be an important life history trait and could be used to predict features that improve the invasive capacity or adjustment to seasonal food scarcity of the offspring. Copyright © 2021 Peña-Villalobos, Otárola, Casas, Sabat and Palma.
Effect of omega-3 supplementation on cardiometabolic indices in diabetic patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Omega-3 supplementation has been proposed as a possible strategy for management of cardiometabolic risk. Cardiometabolic indices can predict and evaluate the cardiometabolic risk. Aims: We investigated the effect of omega-3 supplementation on accurate and available cardiometabolic indices including atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), Castelli risk index I, Castelli risk index II and atherogenic coefficient (AC) in diabetic patients with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a double-blind, randomized controlled trial (RCT) for 12 weeks. From August 2016 to March 2017, the subjects referred to Faghihi hospital in Shiraz, Iran, were recruited. Sixty diabetic patients with NAFLD were randomly assigned into the omega-3 (2000 mg/d omega-3 capsule contained 360 mg/d eicosapentaenoic acid and 240 mg/d docosahexaenoic acid) and the placebo (liquid paraffin) groups using computer-generated random number table. Results: Omega-3 supplementation compared to the placebo had no significant effect on AIP (− 0.11 ± 0.20 vs. -0.03 ± 0.16; P = 0.11), Castelli risk index I (− 0.25 ± 0.6 vs. -0.07 ± 0.7; P = 0.42), Castelli risk index II (− 0.24 ± 0.5 vs. -0.14 ± 0.5; P = 0.63) and AC (− 0.25 ± 0.6 vs. -0.07 ± 0.7; P = 0.42). After adjusting for confounding factors, the findings remained without change. Conclusion: Omega-3 supplementation (2000 mg/d) for 12 weeks has no effect on cardiometabolic risk. It seems, higher doses of omega-3 can improve cordiometabolic risk. The trial was registered at Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT2016102530489N1. © 2021, The Author(s).
Obesity, not a high fat, high sucrose diet alone, induced glucose intolerance and cardiac dysfunction during pregnancy and postpartum; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Nearly 60% of women of reproductive age are considered overweight or obese, cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality continue to be pervasive. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of an obesogenic diet on the cardiometabolic health of dams during pregnancy and postpartum. Female mice were fed either a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) or a refined control diet (CON) for 8 weeks before initiation of pregnancy and throughout the study period. Mice in the HFHS showed two distinct phenotypes, obesity-prone (HFHS/OP) and obesity resistance (HFHS/OR). Pre-pregnancy obesity (HFHS/OP) induced glucose intolerance before pregnancy and during postpartum. Systolic function indicated by the percent fractional shortening (%FS) was significantly decreased in the HFHS/OP at late pregnancy (vs. HFHS/OR) and weaning (vs. CON), but no differences were found at 6 weeks of postpartum among groups. No induction of pathological cardiac hypertrophy markers was found during postpartum. Plasma adiponectin was decreased while total cholesterol was increased in the HFHS/OP. Our results suggested that obesity, not the diet alone, negatively affected cardiac adaptation during pregnancy and postpartum. © 2021, The Author(s).
Monocyte to High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Ratio at the Nexus of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With Metabolic-Associated Fatty Liver Disease; Background: Recently, monocyte to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (MHR) as a novel inflammatory biomarker has drawn lots of attention. This study was conducted in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to investigate the correlation between MHR and metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Methods: Totally, 1,051 patients with T2DM from the Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University were enrolled and classified as MAFLD (n = 745) group and non-MAFLD (n = 306) group according to the MAFLD diagnostic criteria. In contrast, patients were also separated into four groups based on MHR quartiles. Anthropometric and biochemical measurements were performed. The visceral fat area (VFA) and subcutaneous fat area (SFA) of participants were measured by dual bioelectrical impedance. Fatty liver was assessed by ultrasonography. Results: The MHR level of subjects in the MAFLD group was statistically greater than that in the non-MAFLD group (P < 0.05). Meanwhile, MHR was higher in the overweight or obese MAFLD group compared with that in the lean MAFLD group (P < 0.05). The area under the ROC Curve (AUC) assessed by MHR was larger than that of other inflammatory markers (P < 0.01). The cutoff value of MHR was 0.388, with a sensitivity of 61.74% and a specificity of 56.54%. For further study, binary logistic regression analyses of MAFLD as a dependent variable, the relationship between MHR and MAFLD was significant (P < 0.01). After adjusting for many factors, the relationship still existed. In the four groups based on MHR quartiles, groups with higher values of MHR had a significantly higher prevalence of MAFLD (P < 0.05). The percentage of patients with obese MAFLD increased as the MHR level increased (P < 0.01). Among different quartiles of MHR, it showed that with the increasing of MHR, the percentage of patients with MAFLD who had more than four metabolic dysfunction indicators increased, which was 46.39, 60.52, 66.79, and 79.91%, respectively, in each quartile. Conclusion: Monocyte to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio is a simple and practicable inflammatory parameter that could be used for assessing MAFLD in T2DM. T2DM patients with higher MHR have more possibility to be diagnosed as MAFLD. Therefore, more attention should be given to the indicator in the examination of T2DM. Copyright © 2021 Jia, Liu, Wei, Yu, Yu, Shen, Chen, Cai, Wang, Zhao, Wang, Yang and Yuan.
Gut-microbial metabolites, probiotics and their roles in type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a worldwide prevalent metabolic disorder defined by high blood glucose levels due to insulin resistance (IR) and impaired insulin secretion. Understanding the mechanism of insulin action is of great importance to the continuing development of novel therapeutic strategies for the treatment of T2D. Disturbances of gut microbiota have been widely found in T2D patients and contribute to the development of IR. In the present article, we reviewed the pathological role of gut microbial metabolites including gaseous products, branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) products, aromatic amino acids (AAAs) products, bile acids (BA) products, choline products and bacterial toxins in regulating insulin sensitivity in T2D. Following that, we summarized probiotics-based therapeutic strategy for the treatment of T2D with a focus on modulating gut microbiota in both animal and human studies. These results indicate that gut-microbial metabolites are involved in the pathogenesis of T2D and supplementation of probiotics could be beneficial to alleviate IR in T2D via modulation of gut microbiota. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy; Objective To investigate the effect of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) on glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy. Methods A retrospective analysis was performed in women who gave birth in Minhang Hospital Affiliated to Fudan University from January 2013 to June 2020. The data on demographic, clinical examination, and delivery were obtained via electronic medical record abstraction. According to the ultrasound imaging, all pregnant women were divided into NAFLD group and control group. The difference of glucose and lipid metabolism indexes, incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational hypertension between two groups were compared. Logistic regression model was used to examine potential associations between NAFLD and metabolic related adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results A total of 14 708 pregnant women with a mean age of (29.1 ± 4.7) years and a mean body mass index of (21.0 ± 2.8) kg/m2 were included in our study. Of those eligible women, 554 (3.8%) were confirmed by ultrasound as NAFLD. Pregnant women with NAFLD presented higher circulating levels of fasting glucose [(4.2 ± 0.5) mmol/L vs (4.1 ± 0.5) mmol/L, P < 0. 01], 1 h plasma glucose [(7. 4 ± 1. 7) mmol/L vs (6. 6 ± 1. 6) mmol/L, P< 0.01] and 2 h plasma glucose [(6. 2 ± 1. 4) mmol/L vs (5. 7 ± 1. 3) mmol/L, P < 0. 01] after glucose loading, HbA1C [(5.2 ± 0. 4) % vs (5. 1 ± 0. 5) %, P < 0. 01], triglyceride [(2. 1 ± 1. 1) mmol/L vs (1. 6 ± 0. 7) mmol/L, P< 0.01], total cholesterol [(4.8 ± 0.8) mmol/L vs (4.7 ± 0.9) mmol/L, P< 0.01], low density lipoprotein-cholesterol [(2.6 ± 0.7) mmol/L vs (2.5 ± 0.7) mmol/L, P< 0.01], uric acid [(224. 1 ± 51. 8) μmol/L vs (203. 0 ± 45.9) μmol/L, P< 0. 01] level. After adjusting for potential confounders, NAFLD significantly increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1. 722, 95% CI 1. 079-2. 747, P = 0. 023) and gestational hypertension (OR = 3.845, 95% CI 2.247-6.582, P<0.001). Conclusions Compared to non NAFLD, women with a diagnosis of NAFLD had more significant glucose and lipid metablic aberrations during pregnancy and increased incidence of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. Pregnant women with NAFLD should be closely monitored on glucose and lipid metabolism and blood pressure to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. © Chinese Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism.
Paediatric obesity: a systematic review and pathway mapping of metabolic alterations underlying early disease processes; Background: The alarming trend of paediatric obesity deserves our greatest awareness to hinder the early onset of metabolic complications impacting growth and functionality. Presently, insight into molecular mechanisms of childhood obesity and associated metabolic comorbidities is limited. Main body of the abstract: This systematic review aimed at scrutinising what has been reported on putative metabolites distinctive for metabolic abnormalities manifesting at young age by searching three literature databases (Web of Science, Pubmed and EMBASE) during the last 6 years (January 2015–January 2021). Global metabolomic profiling of paediatric obesity was performed (multiple biological matrices: blood, urine, saliva and adipose tissue) to enable overarching pathway analysis and network mapping. Among 2792 screened Q1 articles, 40 met the eligibility criteria and were included to build a database on metabolite markers involved in the spectrum of childhood obesity. Differential alterations in multiple pathways linked to lipid, carbohydrate and amino acid metabolisms were observed. High levels of lactate, pyruvate, alanine and acetate marked a pronounced shift towards hypoxic conditions in children with obesity, and, together with distinct alterations in lipid metabolism, pointed towards dysbiosis and immunometabolism occurring early in life. Additionally, aberrant levels of several amino acids, most notably belonging to tryptophan metabolism including the kynurenine pathway and its relation to histidine, phenylalanine and purine metabolism were displayed. Moreover, branched-chain amino acids were linked to lipid, carbohydrate, amino acid and microbial metabolism, inferring a key role in obesity-associated insulin resistance. Conclusions: This systematic review revealed that the main metabolites at the crossroad of dysregulated metabolic pathways underlying childhood obesity could be tracked down to one central disturbance, i.e. impending insulin resistance for which reference values and standardised measures still are lacking. In essence, glycolytic metabolism was evinced as driving energy source, coupled to impaired Krebs cycle flux and ß-oxidation. Applying metabolomics enabled to retrieve distinct metabolite alterations in childhood obesity(-related insulin resistance) and associated pathways at early age and thus could provide a timely indication of risk by elucidating early-stage biomarkers as hallmarks of future metabolically unhealthy phenotypes. © 2021, The Author(s).
The role of anti‐inflammatory adipokines in cardiometabolic disorders: Moving beyond adiponectin; The global burden of obesity has multiplied owing to its rapidly growing prevalence and obesity‐related morbidity and mortality. In addition to the classic role of depositing extra energy, adipose tissue actively interferes with the metabolic balance by means of secreting bioactive compounds called adipokines. While most adipokines give rise to inflammatory conditions, the others with anti‐inflammatory properties have been the novel focus of attention for the amelioration of cardiometabolic complications. This review compiles the current evidence on the roles of anti‐inflammatory adipokines, namely, adiponectin, vaspin, the C1q/TNF‐related protein (CTRP) family, secreted frizzled‐related protein 5 (SFRP5), and omentin‐1 on cardiometabolic health. Further investigations on the mechanism of action and prospective human trials may pave the way to their clinical application as innovative biomarkers and therapeutic targets for cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Altered steroidome in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: Focus on neuroactive and immunomodulatory steroids from the 24th week of pregnancy to labor; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication in pregnancy, but studies focused on the steroidome in patients with GDM are not available in the public domain. This article evaluates the steroidome in GDM+ and GDM− women and its changes from 24 weeks (± of gestation) to labor. The study included GDM+ (n = 44) and GDM− women (n = 33), in weeks 24–28, 30–36 of gestation and at labor and mixed umbilical blood after delivery. Steroidomic data (101 steroids quantified by GC-MS/MS) support the concept that the increasing diabetogenic effects with the approaching term are associated with mounting progesterone levels. The GDM+ group showed lower levels of testosterone (due to reduced AKR1C3 activity), estradiol (due to a shift from the HSD17B1 towards HSD17B2 activity), 7-oxygenated androgens (competing with cortisone for HSD11B1 and shifting the balance from diabetogenic cortisol towards the inactive cortisone), reduced activities of SRD5As, and CYP17A1 in the hydroxylase but higher CYP17A1 activity in the lyase step. With the approaching term, the authors found rising activities of CYP3A7, AKR1C1, CYP17A1 in its hydroxylase step, but a decline in its lyase step, rising conjugation of neuroinhibitory and pregnancy-stabilizing steroids and weakening AKR1D1 activity. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mothers’ cafeteria diet induced sex-specific changes in fat content, metabolic profiles, and inflammation outcomes in rat offspring; “Western diet” containing high concentrations of sugar and fat consumed during pregnancy contributes to development of obesity and diabetes type 2 in offspring. To mimic effects of this diet in animals, a cafeteria (CAF) diet is used. We hypothesized that CAF diet given to rats before, and during pregnancy and lactation differently influences fat content, metabolic and inflammation profiles in offspring. Females were exposed to CAF or control diets before pregnancy, during pregnancy and lactation. At postnatal day 25 (PND 25), body composition, fat contents were measured, and blood was collected for assessment of metabolic and inflammation profiles. We have found that CAF diet lead to sex-specific alterations in offspring. At PND25, CAF offspring had: (1) higher percentage of fat content, and were lighter; (2) sex-specific differences in levels of glucose; (3) higher levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin-10 (IL-10) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF-α); (4) sex-specific differences in concentration of IL-6 and TNF-α, with an increase in CAF females; (5) higher level of IL-10 in both sexes, with a more pronounced increase in females. We concluded that maternal CAF diet affects fat content, metabolic profiles, and inflammation parameters in offspring. Above effects are sex-specific, with female offspring being more susceptible to the diet. © 2021, The Author(s).
Ameliorating effects of metabolic syndrome with the consumption of rich-bioactive compounds fruits from Brazilian Cerrado: a narrative review; Evidence suggests that bioactive compounds present in fruits and vegetables, including carotenoids, polyphenols, and phytosterols, may have beneficial effects against the development of obesity and other diseases. The fruits of the Brazilian Cerrado are rich in biologically active compounds but are underexplored by the population being used only locally dietary consumption. The objective of this review is to direct attention to the bioactive compounds already elucidated for the fruits of “Cerrado” cashew (Anacadium othanianum Rizz.), baru almond (Dipteryx alata Vogel), cagaita (Eugenia dysenterica DC.), “Cerrado” pear (Eugenia klotzschiana Berg), mangaba (Hancornia speciosa), and pequi (Caryocar brasiliense Camb), demonstrating possible metabolic effects of the consumption of these fruits on the metabolic syndrome and its risk factors. Studies have shown that Cerrado native fruits have a high content of bioactive compounds such as phenolic compounds, which also demonstrate high antioxidant capacity and may be related to the protective effect in metabolic syndrome-related diseases by act as inhibitors in various processes in lipid metabolism and glucose transport. Although more scientific evidence is still needed, the consumption of native fruits from the Cerrado seems to be a promising strategy which —along with other strategies such as nutritional therapy— can ameliorate the effects of the metabolic syndrome. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Revisiting preeclampsia: a metabolic disorder of the placenta; Preeclampsia (PE) is a leading cause of maternal and neonatal mortality and morbidity worldwide, impacting the long-term health of both mother and offspring. PE has long been characterized by deficient trophoblast invasion into the uterus and consequent placental hypoperfusion, yet the upstream causative factors and effective interventional targets for PE remain unknown. Alterations in the metabolism of preeclamptic placentas are thought to result from placental ischemia, while disturbances of the metabolism and of metabolites in PE pathogenesis are largely ignored. In fact, as one of the largest fetal organs at birth, the placenta consumes a considerable amount of glucose and fatty acid. Increasing evidence suggests glucose and fatty acid exist as energy substrates and regulate placental development through bioactive derivates. Moreover, recent findings have revealed that the placental metabolism adapts readily to environmental changes, altering its response to nutrients and endocrine signals; this adaptability optimizes pregnancy outcomes by diversifying available carbon sources for energy production, hormone synthesis, angiogenesis, immune activation, and tolerance, and fetoplacental growth. These observations raise the possibility that carbohydrate and lipid metabolism abnormalities play a role in both the etiology and clinical progression of PE, sparking a renewed interest in the interrelationship between PE and metabolic dysregulation. This review will focus on key metabolic substrates and regulatory molecules in the placenta and aim to provide novel insights with respect to the metabolism’s role in modulating placental development and functions. Further investigations from this perspective are poised to decipher the etiology of PE and suggest potential therapies. © 2021 Federation of European Biochemical Societies
Key points for the development of antioxidant cocktails to prevent cellular stress and damage caused by reactive oxygen species (ROS) during manned space missions; Exposure to microgravity and ionizing radiation during spaceflight missions causes excessive reactive oxygen species (ROS) production that contributes to cellular stress and damage in astronauts. Average spaceflight mission time is expected to lengthen as humanity aims to visit other planets. However, longer missions or spaceflights will undoubtedly lead to an increment in microgravity, ionizing radiation and ROS production. Strategies to minimize ROS damage are necessary to maintain the health of astronauts, future space colonists, and tourists during and after spaceflight missions. An antioxidant cocktail formulated to prevent or mitigate ROS damage during space exploration could help maintain the health of space explorers. We propose key points to consider when developing an antioxidant cocktail. We discuss how ROS damages our body and organs, the genetic predisposition of astronauts to its damage, characteristics and evidence of the effectiveness of antioxidants to combat excess ROS, differences in drug metabolism when on Earth and in space that could modify antioxidant effects, and the characteristics and efficacy of common antioxidants. Based on this information we propose a workflow for assessing astronaut resistance to ROS damage, infight monitoring of ROS production, and an antioxidant cocktail. Developing an antioxidant cocktail represents a big challenge to translate current medical practices from an Earth setting to space. The key points presented in this review could promote the development of different antioxidant formulations to maintain space explorers’ health in the future. © 2021, The Author(s).
Whole grain cereals: the potential roles of functional components in human health; Whole grain cereals have been the basis of human diet since ancient times. Due to rich in a variety of unique bioactive ingredients, they play an important role in human health. This review highlights the contents and distribution of primary functional components and their health effects in commonly consumed whole grain cereals, especially dietary fiber, protein, polyphenols, and alkaloids. In general, cereals exert positive effects in the following ways: 1) Restoring intestinal flora diversity and increasing intestinal short-chain fatty acids. 2) Regulating plasma glucose and lipid metabolism, thereby the improvement of obesity, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, diabetes, and other chronic metabolic diseases. 3) Exhibiting antioxidant activity by scavenging free radicals. 4) Preventing gastrointestinal cancer via the regulation of classical signaling pathways. In summary, this review provides a scientific basis for the formulation of whole-grain cereals-related dietary guidelines, and guides people to form scientific dietary habits, so as to promote the development and utilization of whole-grain cereals. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Implications of gut microbiota in complex human diseases; Humans, throughout the life cycle, from birth to death, are accompanied by the presence of gut microbes. Environmental factors, lifestyle, age and other factors can affect the balance of intestinal microbiota and their impact on human health. A large amount of data show that dietary, prebiotics, antibiotics can regulate various diseases through gut microbes. In this review, we focus on the role of gut microbes in the development of metabolic, gastrointestinal, neurological, immune diseases and, cancer. We also discuss the interaction between gut microbes and the host with respect to their beneficial and harmful effects, including their metabolites, microbial enzymes, small molecules and inflammatory molecules. More specifically, we evaluate the potential ability of gut microbes to cure diseases through Fecal Microbial Transplantation (FMT), which is expected to become a new type of clinical strategy for the treatment of various diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Developmental effects of (Pre-)gestational diabetes on offspring: Systematic screening using omics approaches; Worldwide, gestational diabetes affects 2–25% of pregnancies. Due to related disturbances of the maternal metabolism during the periconceptional period and pregnancy, children bear an increased risk for future diseases. It is well known that an aberrant intrauterine environment caused by elevated maternal glucose levels is related to elevated risks for increased birth weights and metabolic disorders in later life, such as obesity or type 2 diabetes. The complexity of disturbances induced by maternal diabetes, with multiple underlying mechanisms, makes early diagnosis or prevention a challenging task. Omics technologies allowing holistic quantification of several classes of molecules from biological fluids, cells, or tissues are powerful tools to systematically investigate the effects of maternal diabetes on the offspring in an unbiased manner. Differentially abundant molecules or distinct molecular profiles may serve as diagnostic biomarkers, which may also support the development of preventive and therapeutic strategies. In this review, we summarize key findings from state-of-the-art Omics studies addressing the impact of maternal diabetes on offspring health. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Environmental Contaminants and Medicinal Plants Action on Female Reproduction; Environmental Contaminants and Medicinal Plants Action on Female Reproduction discusses the problem of environmental pollution, medicinal and food plants, and their impact on reproduction. The book describes the mechanisms of environmental contaminants’ action, outlines the key causes of their harmful impact on reproduction, and explores what regulatory substances and processes should be targeted due to the negative effect of pollutants on reproduction. Furthermore, it describes the provenance, properties, physiological and therapeutic effects, and possible areas of application of the known medicinal and functional food plants and their constituents with a focus on female reproductive processes. This book will be a useful resource for reproductive biologists, specialists in assisted reproduction, animal production and phytotherapy, toxicologists, pharmacologists, pharmaceutical scientists, endocrinologists, medicinal and natural product chemists, nutritionists and others engaged in the study of environmental contaminants and medicinal and functional food plants. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nutritional and health potential of probiotics: A review; Several products consist of probiotics that are available in markets, and their potential uses are growing day by day, mainly because some strains of probiotics promote the health of gut microbiota, especially Furmicutes and Bacteroidetes, and may prevent certain gastrointestinal tract (GIT) problems. Some common diseases are inversely linked with the consumption of probiotics, i.e., obesity, type 2 diabetes, autism, osteoporosis, and some immunological disorders, for which the disease progression gets delayed. In addition to disease mitigating properties, these microbes also improve oral, nutritional, and intestinal health, followed by a robust defensive mechanism against particular gut pathogens, specifically by antimicrobial substances and peptides producing probiotics (AMPs). All these positive attributes of probiotics depend upon the type of microbial strains dispensed. Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and Bifidobacteria are the most common microbes used, but many other microbes are available, and their use depends upon origin and health-promoting properties. This review article focuses on the most common probiotics, their health benefits, and the alleviating mechanisms against chronic kidney diseases (CKD), type 1 diabetes (T1D), type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and obesity. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Regulation of blood–brain barrier integrity by microbiome-associated methylamines and cognition by trimethylamine N-oxide; Background: Communication between the gut microbiota and the brain is primarily mediated via soluble microbe-derived metabolites, but the details of this pathway remain poorly defined. Methylamines produced by microbial metabolism of dietary choline and l-carnitine have received attention due to their proposed association with vascular disease, but their effects upon the cerebrovascular circulation have hitherto not been studied. Results: Here, we use an integrated in vitro/in vivo approach to show that physiologically relevant concentrations of the dietary methylamine trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) enhanced blood-brain barrier (BBB) integrity and protected it from inflammatory insult, acting through the tight junction regulator annexin A1. In contrast, the TMAO precursor trimethylamine (TMA) impaired BBB function and disrupted tight junction integrity. Moreover, we show that long-term exposure to TMAO protects murine cognitive function from inflammatory challenge, acting to limit astrocyte and microglial reactivity in a brain region-specific manner. Conclusion: Our findings demonstrate the mechanisms through which microbiome-associated methylamines directly interact with the mammalian BBB, with consequences for cerebrovascular and cognitive function. [MediaObject not available: see fulltext.]. © 2021, The Author(s).
Flavonoids on diabetic nephropathy: advances and therapeutic opportunities; With the advances in biomedical technologies, natural products have attracted substantial public attention in the area of drug discovery. Flavonoids are a class of active natural products with a wide range of pharmacological effects that are used for the treatment of several diseases, in particular chronic metabolic diseases. Diabetic nephropathy is a complication of diabetes with a particularly complicated pathological mechanism that affects at least 30% of diabetic patients and represents a great burden on public health. A large number of studies have shown that flavonoids can alleviate diabetic nephropathy. This review systematically summarizes the use of common flavonoids for the treatment of diabetic nephropathy. We found that flavonoids play a therapeutic role in diabetic nephropathy mainly by regulating oxidative stress and inflammation. Nrf-2/GSH, ROS production, HO-1, TGF-β1 and AGEs/RAGE are involved in the process of oxidative stress regulation. Quercetin, apigenin, baicalin, luteolin, hesperidin, genistein, proanthocyanidin and eriodictyol were found to be capable of alleviating oxidative stress related to the aforementioned factors. Regarding inflammatory responses, IL-1, IL-6β, TNF-α, SIRT1, NF-κB, and TGF-β1/smad are thought to be essential. Quercetin, kaempferol, myricetin, rutin, genistein, proanthocyanidin and eriodictyol were confirmed to influence the above targets. As a result, flavonoids promote podocyte autophagy and inhibit the overactivity of RAAS by suppressing the upstream oxidative stress and inflammatory pathways, ultimately alleviating DN. The above results indicate that flavonoids are promising drugs for the treatment of diabetic nephropathy. However, due to deficiencies in the effect of flavonoids on metabolic processes and their lack of structural stability in the body, further research is required to address these issues. [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2021, The Author(s).
Metformin for Cardiovascular Protection, Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Osteoporosis, Periodontitis, Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, Neurodegeneration, Cancer, Inflammation and Senescence: What Is Next?; Diabetes is accompanied by several complications. Higher prevalence of cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic kidney disease (CKD), obesity, osteoporosis, and neurodegenerative diseases has been reported among patients with diabetes. Metformin is the oldest oral antidiabetic drug and can improve coexisting complications of diabetes. Clinical trials and observational studies uncovered that metformin can remarkably prevent or alleviate cardiovascular diseases, obesity, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), osteoporosis, cancer, periodontitis, neuronal damage and neurodegenerative diseases, inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), tuberculosis, and COVID-19. In addition, metformin has been proposed as an antiaging agent. Numerous mechanisms were shown to be involved in the protective effects of metformin. Metformin activates the LKB1/AMPK pathway to interact with several intracellular signaling pathways and molecular mechanisms. The drug modifies the biologic function of NF-κB, PI3K/AKT/mTOR, SIRT1/PGC-1α, NLRP3, ERK, P38 MAPK, Wnt/β-catenin, Nrf2, JNK, and other major molecules in the intracellular signaling network. It also regulates the expression of noncoding RNAs. Thereby, metformin can regulate metabolism, growth, proliferation, inflammation, tumorigenesis, and senescence. Additionally, metformin modulates immune response, autophagy, mitophagy, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, and apoptosis and exerts epigenetic effects. Furthermore, metformin protects against oxidative stress and genomic instability, preserves telomere length, and prevents stem cell exhaustion. In this review, the protective effects of metformin on each disease will be discussed using the results of recent meta-analyses, clinical trials, and observational studies. Thereafter, it will be meticulously explained how metformin reprograms intracellular signaling pathways and alters molecular and cellular interactions to modify the clinical presentations of several diseases.  ©
Multi-Enzyme Supplementation Modifies the Gut Microbiome and Metabolome in Breeding Hens; Laying and reproductive performance, egg quality, and disease resistance of hens decrease during the late laying period. Exogenous enzymes promote nutrient digestibility and utilization and improve the intestinal environment. However, the specific regulation of the gut microbiome and metabolome by exogenous enzymes remains unelucidated. This study was conducted to evaluate effects of dietary multi-enzyme supplementation on egg and reproductive performance, egg quality, ileum microbiome, and metabolome of breeders. Here, 224 Hy-Line Brown breeding hens (55 weeks old) were randomly allocated to two groups: dietary controls fed basal diet (DC), and test hens fed 0.2 g/kg corn enzyme diet (CE). Serum levels of total protein, globulin, immunoglobulin Y, and antibodies against the Newcastle disease virus and avian influenza H9 strain were significantly increased (p < 0.05). Egg albumen height, Haugh unit, and fertilization and hatching rates were also significantly increased (p < 0.05) in the CE-fed group. 16S rRNA sequence analysis showed that CE strongly affected both α- and β-diversity of the ileal microbiota. LEfSe analysis revealed that the potentially beneficial genera Lactobacillus, Enterococcus, Faecalicoccus, and Streptococcus were enriched as biomarkers in the CE-fed group. Microbial functional analysis revealed that the functional genes associated with harmful-substance biodegradation was significantly increased in the CE-fed group. Additionally, Spearman correlation analysis indicated that changes in microbial genera were correlated with differential metabolites. In summary, dietary multi-enzyme addition can improve egg quality, humoral immunity, and reproductive performance and regulate the intestinal microbiome and metabolome in breeders. Therefore, multi-enzymes could be used as feed additive to extend breeder service life. Copyright © 2021 Liu, Zeng, Qu, Wang and Ning.
Multi sensor application-based for measuring the quality of human urine on first-void urine; Urine can be used to diagnose diabetes in a non-invasively manner. Examination of blood sugar levels as an indicator of diabetics is currently carried out using invasive methods. However, most people are not comfortable with the invasive methods used. Early diagnosis of diabetics using non-invasive methods is very important to continue to be developed, including by checking the quality of the urine. This study aims to create a quality urine detection based on urine pH, turbidity, and ammonia concentration by using multi-sensor: pH4502C to measure pH level, SEN0189 to measure urine turbidity, and MQ137 to measure ammonia concentration. Urine samples of 15 subjects were collected early in the morning before doing any activities. For the experiment, all sensors can be read analog signals which are received by an Arduino Nano as a micro-controller and converted into digital values in the form of pH scale, Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTU), and parts per million (ppm). These values are displayed on the LCD display. Theexperiments showed that the measured sensor using the system was compared with the calculated sensor from a manual calculation using an equation. These comparisons were used to know the error percentage. The average value of urine measurement from 15 subjects obtained pH urine of 5.62, turbidity urine of 0.59 NTU, and ammonia urine of 0.66 ppm. The accuracy percentages of pH sensor, ammonia sensor, and turbidity sensor are 97.69%, 98.32%, and 97.09%. All sensors were proved capable to measure the quality of human urine. The results of this study became the basis for the initial diagnosis of diabetes from the quality of the urine using non invasive method. © 2021 The Authors
Beneficial effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on the metabolic profile of obese female mice entails upregulation of HEPEs and increased abundance of enteric Akkermansia muciniphila; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl esters are of interest given their clinical approval for lowering circulating triglycerides and cardiometabolic disease risk. EPA ethyl esters prevent metabolic complications driven by a high fat diet in male mice; however, their impact on female mice is less studied. Herein, we first investigated how EPA influences the metabolic profile of female C57BL/6J mice consuming a high fat diet. EPA lowered murine fat mass accumulation, potentially through increased biosynthesis of 8-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid (HEPE), as revealed by mass spectrometry and cell culture studies. EPA also reversed the effects of a high fat diet on circulating levels of insulin, glucose, and select inflammatory/metabolic markers. Next, we studied if the improved metabolic profile of obese mice consuming EPA was associated with a reduction in the abundance of key gut Gram-negative bacteria that contribute toward impaired glucose metabolism. Using fecal 16S-ribosomal RNA gene sequencing, we found EPA restructured the gut microbiota in a time-dependent manner but did not lower the levels of key Gram-negative bacteria. Interestingly, EPA robustly increased the abundance of the Gram-negative Akkermansia muciniphila, which controls glucose homeostasis. Finally, predictive functional profiling of microbial communities revealed EPA-mediated reversal of high fat diet-associated changes in a wide range of genes related to pathways such as Th-17 cell differentiation and PI3K-Akt signaling. Collectively, these results show that EPA ethyl esters prevent some of the deleterious effects of a high fat diet in female mice, which may be mediated mechanistically through 8-HEPE and the upregulation of intestinal Akkermansia muciniphila. © 2021
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with the risk of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Conflicting results of recent studies on the association between Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection and the risk of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome explored the need for updated meta-analysis on this issue. Therefore, this systematic review aimed to estimate the pooled effect of H. pylori infection on the risk of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Methods: To identify case–control studies and cohort studies evaluating the association of H. pylori infection with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome, a comprehensive literature search was performed from international databases including Medline (PubMed), Web of Sciences, Scopus, EMBASE, and CINHAL from January 1990 until January 2021. We used odds ratio with its 95% confidence interval to quantify the effect of case–control studies and risk ratio with its 95% CI for the effect of cohort studies. Results: 22 studies with 206,911 participants were included for meta-analysis. The pooled estimate of odds ratio between H. pylori infection and metabolic syndrome in case–control studies was 1.19 (95% CI 1.05–1.35; I2 = 0%), and in cohort studies, the pooled risk ratio was 1.31 (95% CI 1.13–1.51; I2 = 0%). Besides, case–control studies showed the pooled odds ratio of 1.54 (95% CI 1.19–1.98; I2 = 6.88%) for the association between H. pylori infection and insulin resistance. Conclusion: In this meta-analysis, the results showed that there was a possibility of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in case of H. pylori infection. © 2021, The Author(s).
Changes in dietary intake improve glycemic control following a structured nutrition therapy during Ramadan in individuals with type 2 diabetes; Background and aims: It is unknown whether dietary modifications during Ramadan could influence glycemic control in diabetes. This study assessed dietary intake following structured Ramadan nutrition therapy and determined the association between changes in dietary intake and glycemic control parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: This was an 8-week, parallel-group, non-randomised study of 60 type 2 diabetes patients who opted for structured Ramadan Nutrition Therapy (sRNT; n = 38) or standard care (SC; n = 22) group. The sRNT group received a structured Ramadan Nutrition Plan incorporated with diabetes-specific formula throughout the study, while SC received standard nutrition care. The 3-day food records assessed dietary intake at three-time points. Results: At baseline, dietary characteristics were comparable; both groups had macronutrient intakes within the recommended range, but inadequate intakes of fiber and 11 essential micronutrients. After 8 weeks, the sRNT group significantly reduced intakes of carbohydrate, dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and increased percentage of total energy intake from protein, fiber, pyridoxine, vitamin C, vitamin D, calcium, and chromium compared with the SC group. In the sRNT group, compliance to diabetes-specific formula predicted changes in HbA1c (p = 0.024), while fiber intake predicted fasting plasma glucose (p = 0.035), after adjusting for age, sex, weight changes and other dietary variables. Conclusion: Intakes of certain nutrients improved significantly in sRNT group after 8 weeks of receiving a structured Ramadan Nutrition Plan compared to the standard care. The structured Ramadan Nutrition Plan with the incorporation of diabetes-specific formula significantly improved glycemic control and dietary adequacy during Ramadan fasting. © 2021 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
A randomized double-blind placebo controlled pilot study of probiotics in adolescents with severe obesity; Purpose: The purpose of the study is to assess the effect of probiotic supplementation on gut microbiota and insulin resistance in adolescents with severe obesity. Methods: Through a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week pilot clinical trial, 15 adolescents with severe obesity received either an oral probiotic ‘Visbiome®’ (n = 8) or placebo (n = 7). Anthropometry, fasting glucose, insulin, hs-CRP and stool for microbiome and calprotectin were collected at baseline (week 0) and 12 weeks after intervention. Results: Among completers (n = 4 in each of the two groups), mean change in fasting glucose was significantly lower in the probiotic group (0 ± 4 mg/dL) as compared to the placebo group (6.3 ± 1.7 mg/dL) (p = 0.028). Gut microbial Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio had a greater decline from week 0 to week 12 in the probiotic group (mean 17.7 ± 25.1 to 2.39 ± 2.0, respectively) but was not statistically significant (p = 0.06) as compared to in the placebo group (mean 12.8 ± 18.2 to 6.9 ± 5.61, respectively) (p = 0.89). Weight and BMI (mean ± SD) trended to remain stable in the treatment group (-1.07 ± 6.1 kg and -0.3 ± 2.2 kg/m2 respectively) as compared to the placebo group (3.9 ± 5.1 kg, 1.0 ± 1.6 kg/m2) but was not significant (p = 0.12 for weight and 0.38 for BMI). No significant change in the fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, or serum and stool inflammatory markers were noted between the two groups (p > 0.05). One participant in the treatment arm reported adverse effects of gastrointestinal intolerance. Conclusion: Probiotic therapy with Visbiome® may improve the fasting glucose and possibly decrease the gut microbial F/B ratio as compared to placebo in adolescents with severe obesity. Future larger studies are required to confirm these findings. U.S. Clinical Trial Registry number: NCT03109587 © 2021, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Glypican-4 in pregnancy and its relation to glucose metabolism, insulin resistance and gestational diabetes mellitus status; Glypican-4 (GPC-4) is an adipokine that enhances insulin receptor signaling. Plasma concentrations were found to be elevated in patients with prediabetes but reduced in type 2 diabetes mellitus. No study on Glypican-4 in pregnancy and pregnancy-related insulin resistance has been published yet. GPC-4 levels were investigated in 59 overweight women throughout their pregnancy at the Medical University of Vienna. GPC-4 levels, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, estradiol, liver and renal parameters, and markers of bone development were assessed before the < 21st week of gestation (GW), and at GW 35–37. GPC-4 levels increased from < 21 GW (mean = 2.38 pg/ml, SD = 0.68 pg/ml) to GW 35–37 (mean = 2.96 pg/ml, SD = 0.77 pg/ml, p < 0.001). At the same time, GPC-4 levels correlated negatively with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), serum protein and serum albumin levels and were positively related to creatinine and uric acid levels at GW 35–37. Concerning glucose metabolism, GPC-4 levels were inversely related to ISSI-2, fasting insulin and HOMA-IR, however, not significantly different between women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and GDM (p = 0.239). In conclusion, GPC-4 levels rose significantly during pregnancy, correlated negatively with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR but might not be related to gestational diabetes mellitus status. © 2021, The Author(s).
Metabolomic and transcriptomic profiling of adult mice and larval zebrafish leptin mutants reveal a common pattern of changes in metabolites and signaling pathways; Background: Leptin plays a critical role in the regulation of metabolic homeostasis. However, the molecular mechanism and cross talks between leptin and metabolic pathways leading to metabolic homeostasis across different species are not clear. This study aims to explore the effects of leptin in mice and zebrafish larvae by integration of metabolomics and transcriptomics. Different metabolomic approaches including mass spectrometry, nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and high-resolution magic-angle-spinning NMR spectrometry were used to investigate the metabolic changes caused by leptin deficiency in mutant ob/ob adult mice and lepb−/− zebrafish larvae. For transcriptome studies, deep RNA sequencing was used. Results: Thirteen metabolites were identified as common biomarkers discriminating ob/ob mice and lepb−/− zebrafish larvae from their respective wild type controls: alanine, citrulline, ethanolamine, glutamine, glycine, histidine, isoleucine, leucine, methionine, phenylalanine, putrescine, serine and threonine. Moreover, we also observed that glucose and lipid levels were increased in lepb−/− zebrafish larvae compared to the lepb+/+ group. Deep sequencing showed that many genes involved in proteolysis and arachidonic acid metabolism were dysregulated in ob/ob mice heads and lepb mutant zebrafish larvae compared to their wild type controls, respectively. Conclusions: Leptin deficiency leads to highly similar metabolic alterations in metabolites in both mice and zebrafish larvae. These metabolic changes show similar features as observed during progression of tuberculosis in human patients, mice and zebrafish larvae. In addition, by studying the transcriptome, we found similar changes in gene regulation related to proteolysis and arachidonic acid metabolism in these two different in vivo models. © 2021, The Author(s).
Shifts in diversity and function of bacterial community during manufacture of rushan; Rushan is a traditional dairy product consumed by the Bai people in the Yunnan Province of China, and its production still follows the traditional procedure of backslopping. However, how the microbial composition of raw materials and processing shape the microorganisms in rushan have not been systemically reported. In this study, high-throughput sequencing technique was applied to analyze the microbial compositions of raw milk, fresh rushan, curd whey, acid whey, and dry rushan at the phylum, family, genus, and Lactobacillus species levels. The results indicated that Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, and Streptococcus were dominant genera in rushan, whereas Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens and Lactobacillus helveticus were the 2 abundant species at the Lactobacillus species level. The network analysis indicated that raw milk mainly contributed to the microbial diversity of rushan, whereas acid whey made a great contribution to shaping the relative abundance of microbes in rushan and dramatically increased acid-producing genera, such as Lactobacillus and Acetobacter. The variation in microbial composition led to an increase in the relative abundance of pathways related to energy supply, acid production, fatty acid accumulation, cysteine, methionine, and lysine accumulation. The volatile profile of rushan was rich in esters and acids, and the high relative abundance of Lactobacillus might be associated with reduction of amino acid metabolism, degradation of unpleasant flavored xylene, and accumulation of decanoic, dodecanoic, and tetradecanoic acids in the products. The accumulation of medium long-chain fatty acids might result from the relative abundance of FabF, FabZ, and FabI, particularly from Lactobacillus amylolyticus and Lacticaseibacillus paracasei. © 2021 American Dairy Science Association
Renalase—A new understanding of its enzymatic and non-enzymatic activity and its implications for future research; Renalase was first described in 2005 and since then it became an object of scientific interest because of its proposed ability to catalyse circulating neurotransmitters and its promising antihypertensive effects. However, further research on the enzymatic activity of renalase did not confirm these initial findings and yielded that renalase serves to oxidize isomeric forms of β-NAD(P)H and recycle them by forming β-NAD(P)+. Moreover, in contrast to initial assumptions, it is indicated that renalase's enzymatic activity is confined to the cell and that extracellular renalase loses its enzymatic properties. These new reports led scientists to question as to whether renalase, as an enzyme, still has the potential to influence various systemic physiological responses (e.g. blood pressure). It was also put into question whether many physiological discoveries published based on the notion that renalase is secreted into the blood and acts by oxidation of catecholamines can still be considered valid. In this article, we attempt to review the literature to confront these doubts and find further possible directions of research on the importance of renalase. Our aim was to evaluate recent reports of non-enzymatic activity for renalase. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Serum vitamin D levels in relation to type-2 diabetes and prediabetes in adults: a systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies; Background: Findings of observational studies that investigated the relationship between vitamin D deficiency and abnormal glucose homeostasis were contradictory. This meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies evaluated the association of vitamin D status and risk of type-2 diabetes (T2D) and prediabetes in adults. Methods: A systematic search was conducted on all published articles in five electronic databases (including MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE, Institute for Scientific Information, Scopus and Google scholar), up to August 2020. Twenty-eight prospective cohort and nested case-control studies and 83 cross-sectional and case-control investigations that reported relative risks (RRs) or odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for abnormal glucose homeostasis in relation to serum vitamin D levels in adults were included in the analysis. Results: In prospective studies, high versus low level of vitamin D was respectively associated with significant 35%, 30% and 51% decrease in risk of T2D (RR:0.65; 95%CI: 0.55–0.76; 27 effect sizes), combined T2D and pre-diabetes (RR:0.70; 95%CI: 0.52–0.95; 9 effect sizes) and pre-diabetes (RR:0.49; 95%CI: 0.26–0.93; 2 effect sizes). These inverse associations were significant in almost all subgroups. Dose–response analysis in prospective studies showed that each 10 ng/ml increase in serum vitamin D levels resulted in 12% and 11% reduced risk of T2D (RR:0.88; 95%CI: 0.83–0.94) and combined T2D and prediabetes (RR:0.89; 95%CI: 0.87–0.92), respectively. In cross-sectional and case-control studies, highest versus lowest level of serum vitamin D was linked to reduced odds of T2D (OR:0.64; 95%CI: 0.57–0.72; 42 effect sizes) and combined T2D and pre-diabetes (OR:0.79; 95%CI: 0.74–0.85; 59 effect sizes); but not pre-diabetes (OR:0.64; 95%CI: 0.17–2.37; 11 effect sizes). Conclusion: This meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies disclosed that serum vitamin D level was reversely associated with the risk of T2D and combined T2D and prediabetes in adults, in a dose–response manner. However, the association was not remarkable for pre-diabetes. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Machine Learning analysis of the human infant gut microbiome identifies influential species in type 1 diabetes; Diabetes is a disease that is closely linked to genetics and epigenetics, yet mechanisms for clarifying the onset and/or progression of the disease have sometimes not been fully managed. In recent years and due to the large number of recent studies, it is known that changes in the balance of the microbiota can cause a high battery of diseases, including diabetes. Machine Learning (ML) techniques are able to identify complex, non-linear patterns of expression and relationships within the data set to extract intrinsic knowledge without any biological assumptions about the data. At the same time, mass sequencing techniques allow us to obtain the metagenomic profile of an individual, whether it is a body part, organ or tissue, and thus identify the composition of a given microbe. The great increase in the development of both technologies in their respective fields of study leads to the logical union of both to try to identify the bases of a complex disease such as diabetes. To this end, a Random Forest model has been developed at different taxonomic levels, obtaining results above 0.80 in AUC for families and above 0.98 at species level, following a strict experimental design to ensure that results are compared under equal conditions. It is identified how, in infants, the species Bacteroides uniformis, Bacteroides dorei and Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron are reduced in the microbiota of those with T1D, while, the populations of Prevotella copri increase slightly and that of Bacteroides vulgatus is much higher. Finally, thanks to the more specific metagenomic signature at species level, a model has been generated to predict those seroconverted patients not previously diagnosed with diabetes but who have expressed at least two of the autoantibodies analysed. © 2021 The Author(s)
Stillbirth in women with diabetes: a retrospective analysis of fetal autopsy reports; Introduction: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased rate of stillbirth. There are a wide variety of factors that have been implicated including placental insufficiency, hypoxia, hyperinsulinemia and impaired cardiac function. Furthermore, there is evidence that diabetic pregnancies have an increased rate of fetal cardiomyopathy as compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. Prior studies have indicated that this association can also be an etiology for diabetic stillbirth. The purpose of this study was to determine if diabetic pregnancies have an increased risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified on fetal autopsy as compared to non-diabetic women with a stillbirth in a cohort of pregnancies that had evaluation with a fetal autopsy. Materials and methods: Retrospective cohort study of women with a stillbirth who consented to fetal autopsy at an academic medical center from 2011 to 2017. Stillbirth was defined as an intrauterine fetal demise at ≥20 weeks’ gestation. Women with diabetes defined as pre-gestational diabetes type 1, pre-gestational diabetes type 2, and gestational diabetes were compared to women without diabetes. Primary outcome was fetal cardiomyopathy. Other etiologies for stillbirth were also evaluated and classified according to the Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network (SCRN) initial causes of fetal death. Fisher exact test, χ2 test, and Mann Whitney U tests were performed as appropriate, with p <.05 considered significant. Generalized linear models were performed for fetal organ weights controlling for gestational age of delivery, maternal chronic hypertension, delivery body mass index, and birthweight. Results: A total of 78 women elected to have fetal autopsy examinations during the study period. Of these, 75 had complete information available for review. A total of 60 women did not have diabetes and 15 women had diabetes. Of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, 11 had insulin dependent diabetes and 4 had non-insulin dependent diabetes. Fetal cardiomyopathy was diagnosed on autopsy for 7 (46.7%) of pregnancies with diabetes and 2 (3.3% of pregnancies without diabetes (RR 14.00 [95% CI 3.23–60.65], p <.001). These associations were still significant even when analyzing only those pregnancies without fetal congenital heart disease (7 [46.7%] diabetic pregnancies with cardiomyopathy versus 1 [2.0%] nondiabetic pregnancy with cardiomyopathy, RR 23.80 [95% CI 3.17–178.46], p <.001). There was no difference between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies in regards to other causes for stillbirth. Stillbirths in pregnancies with diabetes also had larger fetal heart, liver, and adrenal weights on fetal autopsy. Conclusion: Women with diabetes have 14 times the risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified at fetal autopsy as compared to women without diabetes. As the prediction and prevention of diabetic stillbirth is limited, information on potential causes of stillbirth may help future research identify those pregnancies at the greatest risk for adverse outcome. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Association of circulating inflammatory cells and platelets with gestational diabetes and pregnancy outcomes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common cause of hyperglycemia during pregnancy, and its prevalence has increased over the past decades. GDM is directly related to the recent obstetric outcomes and long-term maternal and child health, which can be greatly improved by early identification and diagnosis of GDM. However, the prediction of the disease has always been a difficult problem due to the lack of simple and practical serological markers. Despite the controversy, recent studies have identified that circulating inflammatory cells and platelets, routinely included in the obstetric blood tests, are related to the development of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we summarized the studies in this field based on the recent literature. The inflammatory cell components we included were the total number of white blood cells, neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes and platelets, which were routinely examined in the blood tests in pregnancy. The aim of this review is not only to enrich our understanding of the pathogenesis of GDM but also to provide evidence for the value of these novel and practical serological markers in early identification of GDM and the prevention and its adverse outcomes. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
A review of the role of inositols in conditions of insulin dysregulation and in uncomplicated and pathological pregnancy; Inositols, a group of 6-carbon polyols, are highly bioactive molecules derived from diet and endogenous synthesis. Inositols and their derivatives are involved in glucose and lipid metabolism and participate in insulin-signaling, with perturbations in inositol processing being associated with conditions involving insulin resistance, dysglycemia and dyslipidemia such as polycystic ovary syndrome and diabetes. Pregnancy is similarly characterized by substantial and complex changes in glycemic and lipidomic regulation as part of maternal adaptation and is also associated with physiological alterations in inositol processing. Disruptions in maternal adaptation are postulated to have a critical pathophysiological role in pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Inositol supplementation has shown promise as an intervention for the alleviation of symptoms in conditions of insulin resistance and for gestational diabetes prevention. However, the mechanisms behind these affects are not fully understood. In this review, we explore the role of inositols in conditions of insulin dysregulation and in pregnancy, and identify priority areas for research. We particularly examine the role and function of inositols within the maternal-placental-fetal axis in both uncomplicated and pathological pregnancies. We also discuss how inositols may mediate maternal-placental-fetal cross-talk, and regulate fetal growth and development, and suggest that inositols play a vital role in promoting healthy pregnancy. © 2020 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Management of Obesity and Its Complications in Children and Adolescents; Pediatric overweight/obesity has assumed epidemic proportions in India. It is associated with several significant complications and tracks into adulthood. The mainstay of management is a holistic lifestyle modification that must be adopted by the family as a whole. It involves dietary changes, regular physical activity, and behavioral changes that favor a healthy way of life. Regular follow-up, and attention to keeping up the motivation of the child and family achieves good results. In the present paper, a stepwise approach to prevention and management of childhood obesity is presented along with the recommendations for screening and management of associated complications and the role of pharmacotherapy and bariatric surgery. © 2021, Dr. K C Chaudhuri Foundation.
Metabolic signatures in the conversion from gestational diabetes mellitus to postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism: a pilot study in Asian women; We aimed to identify serum metabolites related to abnormal glucose metabolism (AGM) among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The study recruited 50 women diagnosed with GDM during mid-late pregnancy and 50 non-GDM matchees in a Singapore birth cohort. At the 5-year post-partum follow-up, we applied an untargeted approach to investigate the profiles of serum metabolites among all participants. We first employed OPLS-DA and logistic regression to discriminate women with and without follow-up AGM, and then applied area under the curve (AUC) to assess the incremental indicative value of metabolic signatures on AGM. We identified 23 candidate metabolites that were associated with postpartum AGM among all participants. We then narrowed down to five metabolites [p-cresol sulfate, linoleic acid, glycocholic acid, lysoPC(16:1) and lysoPC(20:3)] specifically associating with both GDM and postpartum AGM. The combined metabolites in addition to traditional risks showed a higher indicative value in AUC (0.92–0.94 vs. 0.74 of traditional risks and 0.77 of baseline diagnostic biomarkers) and R2 (0.67–0.70 vs. 0.25 of traditional risks and 0.32 of baseline diagnostic biomarkers) in terms of AGM indication, compared with the traditional risks model and traditional risks and diagnostic biomarkers combined model. These metabolic signatures significantly increased the AUC value of AGM indication in addition to traditional risks, and might shed light on the pathophysiology underlying the transition from GDM to AGM. © 2021, The Author(s).
The exposome in practice: an exploratory panel study of biomarkers of air pollutant exposure in Chinese people aged 60–69 years (China BAPE Study); The exposome overhauls conventional environmental health impact research paradigms and provides a novel methodological framework that comprehensively addresses the complex, highly dynamic interplays of exogenous exposures, endogenous exposures, and modifiable factors in humans. Holistic assessments of the adverse health effects and systematic elucidation of the mechanisms underlying environmental exposures are major scientific challenges with widespread societal implications. However, to date, few studies have comprehensively and simultaneously measured airborne pollutant exposures and explored the associated biomarkers in susceptible healthy elderly subjects, potentially resulting in the suboptimal assessment and management of health risks. To demonstrate the exposome paradigm, we describe the rationale and design of a comprehensive biomarker and biomonitoring panel study to systematically explore the association between individual airborne exposure and adverse health outcomes. We used a combination of personal monitoring for airborne pollutants, extensive human biomonitoring, advanced omics analysis, confounding information, and statistical methods. We established an exploratory panel study of Biomarkers of Air Pollutant Exposure in Chinese people aged 60–69 years (China BAPE), which included 76 healthy residents from a representative community in Jinan City, Shandong Province. During the period between September 2018 and January 2019, we conducted prospective longitudinal monitoring with a 3-day assessment every month. This project: (1) leveraged advanced tools for personal airborne exposure monitoring (external exposures); (2) comprehensively characterized biological samples for exogenous and endogenous compounds (e.g., targeted and untargeted monitoring) and multi-omics scale measurements to explore potential biomarkers and putative toxicity pathways; and (3) systematically evaluated the relationships between personal exposure to air pollutants, and novel biomarkers of exposures and effects using exposome-wide association study approaches. These findings will contribute to our understanding of the mechanisms underlying the adverse health impacts of air pollution exposures and identify potential adverse clinical outcomes that can facilitate the development of effective prevention and targeted intervention techniques. © 2021
Youth prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: Risk factors and prevalence of dysglycaemia; Background: The American Diabetes Association recommends risk-based screening for dysglycaemia (prediabetes and type 2 diabetes) in youth with overweight/obesity plus ≥1 risk factor. However, evidence for these recommendations is lacking. Objectives: Examine the association between the number of risk factors and the prevalence of dysglycaemia in youth with overweight/obesity at initial presentation. Methods: In a paediatric obesity registry, youth (>10 and <20 years old, body mass index ≥85th percentile) were categorized into four groups according to number of risk factors (1, 2, 3 and ≥4). Based on oral glucose tolerance test, participants were classified into normal glucose tolerance or dysglycaemia. Results: Of 635 youth, 31.5% had prediabetes and 6.1% had type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of dysglycaemia was 23.1% with 1 risk factor and increased to 44.9% with ≥4 risk factors (p = 0.025). Dyslipidaemia, family history of type 2 diabetes and maternal history of gestational diabetes were significantly associated with dysglycaemia. Fasting and 2-h insulin, 2-h glucose increased (all p < 0.0001) and ALT increased (p = 0.001) with increasing risk factors. Insulin sensitivity and β-cell function deteriorated significantly with increasing risk factors. Conclusion: Screening for dysglycaemia in youth with obesity and any additional risk factor is warranted to target early management. © 2021 World Obesity Federation
The single-point insulin sensitivity estimator (SPISE) index is a strong predictor of abnormal glucose metabolism in overweight/obese children: a long-term follow-up study; Purpose: To investigate the relationship between the single-point insulin sensitivity estimator (SPISE) index, an insulin sensitivity indicator validated in adolescents and adults, and metabolic profile in overweight/obese children, and to evaluate whether basal SPISE is predictive of impaired glucose regulation (IGR) development later in life. Methods: The SPISE index (= 600 × HDL0.185/Triglycerides0.2 × BMI1.338) was calculated in 909 overweight/obese children undergoing metabolic evaluations at University of Cagliari, Italy, and in 99 normal-weight, age-, sex-comparable children, selected as a reference group, together with other insulin-derived indicators of insulin sensitivity/resistance. 200 overweight/obese children were followed-up for 6.5 [3.5–10] years, data were used for longitudinal retrospective investigations. Results: At baseline, 96/909 (11%) overweight/obese children had IGR; in this subgroup, SPISE was significantly lower than in normo-glycaemic youths (6.3 ± 1.7 vs. 7 ± 1.6, p < 0.001). The SPISE index correlated positively with the insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and the disposition index (DI), negatively with age, blood pressure, HOMA-IR, basal and 120 min blood glucose and insulin (all p values < 0.001). A correlation between SPISE, HOMA-IR and ISI was also reported in normal-weight children. At the 6.5-year follow-up, lower basal SPISE—but not ISI or HOMA-IR—was an independent predictor of IGR development (OR = 3.89(1.65–9.13), p = 0.002; AUROC: 0.82(0.72–0.92), p < 0.001). Conclusion: In children, low SPISE index is significantly associated with metabolic abnormalities and predicts the development of IGR in life. © 2021, The Author(s).
Arsenic exposure and non-carcinogenic health effects; Inorganic arsenic (iAs) exposure is a serious health problem that affects more than 140 million individuals worldwide, mainly, through contaminated drinking water. Acute iAs poisoning produces several symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and severe diarrhea, whereas prolonged iAs exposure increased the risk of several malignant disorders such as lung, urinary tract, and skin tumors. Another sensitive endpoint less described of chronic iAs exposure are the non-malignant health effects in hepatic, endocrine, renal, neurological, hematological, immune, and cardiovascular systems. The present review outlines epidemiology evidence and possible molecular mechanisms associated with iAs-toxicity in several non-carcinogenic disorders. © The Author(s) 2021.
Antenatal corticosteroid therapy modulates hepatic AMPK phosphorylation and maternal lipid metabolism in early lactating rats; Antenatal corticosteroid therapy is used to reduce neonatal mortality in preterm infants but it is currently unknown whether this intervention affects lipid metabolism at the peripartum. This study aimed to evaluate if antenatal corticosteroid therapy in pregnant rats and women affects lipid metabolism during early lactation. We evaluated women at risk of preterm delivery that received corticosteroid therapy (CASE) and women that were not exposed to corticosteroid and were not at risk of preterm delivery (CONTROL). Samples were collected to measure serum and milk triacylglycerol (TAG) three days after delivery. Rats were treated with dexamethasone (DEX) between the 15th and the 20th days of pregnancy. Samples were collected at different days after delivery (L3, L8 and L14). TAG was measured in serum, liver and mammary gland (MG). TAG appearance rates were measured after tyloxapol injection and gavage with olive oil. We also evaluated the expression of key genes related to lipid metabolism in the liver and in the MG and hepatic phosphorylation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC). CASE volunteers delivered earlier than CONTROL but presented unaltered milk and serum TAG concentrations. Early lactating DEX rats exhibited increased TAG in serum, MG and milk. No changes in CD36 and LPL were detected in the MG and liver. Early lactating DEX rats displayed increased TAG appearance rate and reduced hepatic AMPK/ACC phosphorylation. Our data revealed that antenatal corticosteroid therapy reduces hepatic AMPK/ACC phosphorylation during early lactation that reflects in increased TAG concentration in serum, MG and milk. © 2021 The Authors
Perceptions of physical activity and technology enabled exercise interventions among people with advanced chronic kidney disease: a qualitative study; Background: Exercise improves health outcomes and quality of life in persons with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The numbers of persons with advanced CKD meeting physical activity guidelines however is low. We undertook a qualitative study of men and women aged 36–74 from various race/ethnic populations with advanced CKD not requiring dialysis to describe their experiences and opinions around prior physical activity, motivating factors for and barriers to exercise, and perceptions of exercise-promoting technology and group-based programming designed to improve physical activity levels. Methods: Nineteen persons with advanced CKD not requiring dialysis were interviewed at two high volume nephrology clinics enriched with racial/ethnic minority patients (Emory University and Santa Clara Valley Medical Center). We used thematic analysis to identify dominant themes (n = 4) and subthemes (n = 19) around exercise experience, barriers, motivators, views, and preferences. Results: Four dominant themes and 19 subthemes were identified. The most common motivators to exercise included physical and mental health benefits, appearance, improvement in energy levels, and potential social interaction in group-based programs. Common barriers included health concerns, particularly complications related to other co-morbidities, as well as time and transportation constraints. Participants were skeptical of exercise programs solely reliant on technology. Conclusions: The use of group-based exercise programs may motivate persons with CKD to increase exercise levels, while programs entirely based on technology may be less effective. © 2021, The Author(s).
Serum levels of Asprosin in patients diagnosed with coronary artery disease (CAD): a case-control study; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is considered as a multi-faceted chronic inflammatory disease involving reduced blood supply to the myocardium as a result of accumulating lipids in the atrial walls. Visceral adiposity with disrupted release of adipokines play a key role in its pathogenesis. Asprosin is a newly identified fasting-induced glucogenic adipokine that has been related with metabolic disorders such as type II diabetes mellitus and polycystic ovary syndrome. The preset study sought to assess circulating asprosin in context of CAD. Methods: In this study, serum levels of asprosin were determined in 88 CAD patients and 88 non-CAD healthy controls. Serum IL-6, TNF-α, asprosin and adiponectin were assessed using ELISA kits. Results: Serum asprosin was found to be higher in CAD patients when compared to non-CAD subjects (7.84 ± 2.08 versus 5.02 ± 1.29 μg/mL, p < 0.001). Similarly, serum TNF-α, and IL-6 elevated in CAD group significantly (p < 0.001). However, circulating adiponectin diminished in CAD group when compared with non-CAD subjects (p < 0.001). Moreover, serum asprosin levels directly correlated with BMI, FBG, HOMA-IR, TG and TC. Logistic regression analyses showed that asprosin levels were associated with increased risk of developing CAD (odds ratio: 3.01, 95% CI: 2.16, 4.20 and p < 0.001), after adjusting for potential confounders (age, sex and BMI). Conclusions: The present study findings suggested a possible relation of serum asprosin with the pathogenesis of CAD, in particular through insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. © 2021, The Author(s).
Effects of zinc supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers and oxidative stress in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background & Objective: Current evidence is debatable regarding the feasible effects of zinc supplementation on the inflammation and oxidative stress status of adults. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to clarify this inconclusiveness. Materials and Methods: Literature search was conducted via online databases such as PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and Google Scholar until June 2020. The overall effect was presented as the weighted mean difference (WMD) at 95 % confidence interval (CI) in a random-effects meta-analysis model. Publication bias was also assessed using Egger's and Begg's statistics. Results: In total, 25 clinical trials (n = 1428) were reviewed, which indicated that zinc supplementation significantly affects the concentration of C- reactive protein (WMD: -0.03 mg/l; 95 % CI: -0.06, 0.0; P = 0.029), interlukin-6 (WMD: -3.81 pg/mL; 95 % CI: -6.87, -0.76; P = 0.014), malondialdehyde (WMD: -0.78 μmol/l; 95 % CI: -1.14, -0.42; P < 0.001), and total antioxidant capacity (WMD: 95.96 mmol/l; 95 % CI: 22.47, 169.44; P = 0.010). In addition, a significant between-study heterogeneity and a non-significant increment was reported in nitric oxide (WMD: 1.47 μmol/l; 95 % CI: -2.45, 5.40; P = 0.461) and glutathione (WMD: 34.84 μmol/l; 95 % CI: -5.12, 74.80; P = 0.087). Conclusion: According to the results, zinc supplementation may have beneficial anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative effects in adults. © 2021
Oral iron supplementation after antibiotic exposure induces a deleterious recovery of the gut microbiota; Background: Oral iron supplementation is commonly prescribed for anemia and may play an important role in the gut microbiota recovery of anemic individuals who received antibiotic treatment. This study aims to investigate the effects of iron supplementation on gut microbiota recovery after antibiotics exposure. Results: Mice were subjected to oral antibiotic treatment with neomycin and metronidazole and were fed diets with different concentrations of iron. The composition of the gut microbiota was followed throughout treatment by 16S rRNA sequencing of DNA extracted from fecal samples. Gut microbiota functions were inferred using PICRUSt2, and short-chain fatty acid concentration in fecal samples was assessed by liquid-chromatography mass spectrometry. Iron supplementation after antibiotic exposure shifted the gut microbiota composition towards a Bacteroidetes phylum-dominant composition. At the genus level, the iron-supplemented diet induced an increase in the abundance of Parasutterella and Bacteroides, and a decrease of Bilophila and Akkermansia. Parasutterella excrementihominis, Bacteroides vulgatus, and Alistipes finegoldii, were more abundant with the iron excess diet. Iron-induced shifts in microbiota composition were accompanied by functional modifications, including an enhancement of the biosynthesis of primary bile acids, nitrogen metabolism, cyanoamino acid metabolism and pentose phosphate pathways. Recovery after antibiotic treatment increased propionate levels independent of luminal iron levels, whereas butyrate levels were diminished by excess iron. Conclusions: Oral iron supplementation after antibiotic therapy in mice may lead to deleterious changes in the recovery of the gut microbiota. Our results have implications on the use of oral iron supplementation after antibiotic exposure and justify further studies on alternative treatments for anemia in these settings. © 2021, The Author(s).
How should we judge edible oils and fats? An umbrella review of the health effects of nutrient and bioactive components found in edible oils and fats; Dietary guidelines for many Western countries base their edible oil and fat recommendations solely on saturated fatty acid content. This study aims to demonstrate which nutritional and bioactive components make up commonly consumed edible oils and fats; and explore the health effects and strength of evidence for key nutritional and bioactive components of edible oils. An umbrella review was conducted in several stages. Food composition databases of Australia and the United States of America, and studies were examined to profile nutrient and bioactive content of edible oils and fats. PUBMED and Cochrane databases were searched for umbrella reviews, systematic literature reviews of randomized controlled trials or cohort studies, individual randomized controlled trials, and individual cohort studies to examine the effect of the nutrient or bioactive on high-burden chronic diseases (cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, cancer, mental illness, cognitive impairment). Substantial systematic literature review evidence was identified for fatty acid categories, tocopherols, biophenols, and phytosterols. Insufficient evidence was identified for squalene. The evidence supports high mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions, total biophenol content, phytosterols, and possibly high α-tocopherol content as having beneficial effects on high-burden health comes. Future dietary guidelines should use a more sophisticated approach to judge edible oils beyond saturated fatty acid content. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Different Types and Functional Effects of Probiotics on Human Health through Regulating Glucose Homeostasis; With the increasing improvement of people's living standards, hyperglycemia has become one of the most frequent diseases in the world. The current drug therapy may have some negative effects and even cause some complications. As one of the most popular functional ingredients, probiotic bacteria have been proven to play important roles in balancing the glucose homeostasis level in animal and human clinic trials. In this perspective, we sorted three types of probiotics, discussed probiotic safety evaluation, and listed the known probiotic functional foods that assist to control glucose homeostasis. Then, the further summarization of the mechanisms on how probiotic bacteria could regulate glucose homeostasis and the developing trend of probiotic functional foods were discussed.  ©
NEW INSIGHTS INTO CELL APOPTOSIS AND PROLIFERATION: THE POTENTIAL ROLE OF VASPIN; Vaspin, also known as visceral adipose tissue-derived serine protease inhibitor; expression of this adipokine has been confirmed in many parts of the body like the hypothalamus, pancreas, thyroid gland, ovaries, placenta, and testes, where it may play a crucial role in osteogenesis, steroidogenesis, the formation of blood vessels, and food intake. In addition, there are many studies supporting an interaction between vaspin and cell proliferation and apoptosis, which are crucial processes for maintaining homeostasis of the body. Vaspin has an anti-apoptotic effect in ovarian cells, osteoblasts, macrophages, aortic endothelial cells, hepatocellular carcinoma cells, and cardiomyocytes. On the other hand, vaspin has no effect on apoptosis in aortic smooth muscle cells and cardiomyocytes. Interestingly, vaspin also promotes proliferation in normal and cancerous ovarian cells, pre-adipocytes, hepatocellular carcinoma cells, and bone mesenchymal stem cells, although other studies showed that this adipokine reduces the proliferation of aortic, and vascular smooth muscle cells. Furthermore, vaspin has no effect on the proliferation of chondrocytes, osteoblasts, macrophages, pre-adipocytes, umbilical vein endothelial cells, and coronary artery smooth muscle cells. Dysfunction and dysregulation in the apoptosis/proliferation ratio may lead to cancer development and progression as well as pathogenesis of many diseases. The molecular mechanism of vaspin action on cell apoptosis and proliferation is reviewed in this paper. © 2021, Polish Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Metabolic syndrome and endocrine disrupting chemicals: An overview of exposure and health effects; Increasing prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) is causing a significant health burden among the European population. Current knowledge supports the notion that endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) interfere with human metabolism and hormonal balance, contributing to the conventionally recognized lifestyle-related MetS risk factors. This review aims to identify epidemiological studies focusing on the association between MetS or its individual components (e.g., obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, dyslipidemia and hypertension) and eight HBM4EU priority substances (bisphenol A (BPA), per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs), phthalates, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), pesticides and heavy metals (cadmium, arsenic and mercury)). Thus far, human biomonitoring (HBM) studies have presented evidence supporting the role of EDC exposures on the development of individual MetS components. The strength of the association varies between the components and EDCs. Current evidence on metabolic disturbances and EDCs is still limited and heterogeneous, and mainly represent studies from North America and Asia, highlighting the need for well-conducted and harmonized HBM programmes among the European population. Rigorous and ongoing HBM in combination with health monitoring can help to identify the most concerning EDC exposures, to guide future risk assessment and policy actions. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
d-Chiro-Inositol improves testosterone levels in older hypogonadal men with low-normal testosterone: a pilot study; Background: Several recent journal articles report that d-chiro-inositol (DCI), primarily known as insulin second messenger, influences steroidogenesis. In particular, new evidence is arising on DCI ability to regulate aromatase expression and testosterone biosynthesis. In this regard, DCI administration could represent a good therapeutic opportunity in case of reduced levels of testosterone. Older men generally have lower testosterone concentrations than younger men, and recent randomized controlled trials have examined whether testosterone treatment might improve health outcomes in this age group. There is limited information about the safety of testosterone replacement therapy in these men, hence DCI could represent an interesting alternative for future trials. Therefore, this study aims to evaluate the effect of DCI treatment on testosterone levels in older male patient. Results: Ten older men with basal low testosterone levels were enrolled in this study. Patients took 600 mg of DCI, two-times per day, for 30 days. We evaluated hormonal and glycaemic parameters, weight, waist circumference, and Body-Mass Index at baseline (T0) and after 30 days (T1). Finally, all patients also filled in the standardized International Index of Erectile Function questionnaire and performed the Handgrip test at T0 and T1. Men receiving DCI showed increased androgen and reduced oestrogen concentrations, and improved glycaemic profiles. DCI was also associated with reduced weight, Body-Mass Index, waist circumference, and improved grip strength and self-reported sexual function. All these effects led to the improvement of sexual function and physical strength. Conclusions: In this pilot study, DCI treatment improved the levels of testosterone and androstenedione at the expense of oestrogens in elder men with low basal levels of these hormones without adverse effects. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov: D-chiroinositol Administration in Hypogonadal Males, NCT04708249. © 2021, The Author(s).
Residential greenness attenuated associations of long-term exposure to air pollution with biomarkers of advanced fibrosis; Long-term exposure to air pollutants and residential greenness related to advanced fibrosis have been sparsely studied in low- and middle-income countries. A total of 29883 participants were selected from a cross-sectional survey of the Henan Rural Cohort. Concentrations of air pollutants (particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter ≤ 1.0 μm (PM1), ≤ 2.5 μm (PM2.5), ≤ 10 μm (PM10) and nitrogen dioxide (NO2)) for participants were predicted by using a spatiotemporal model. Residential greenness of each participant was indicated by Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) and Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI). Independent and joint associations of air pollutants and residential greenness indices with prevalent advanced fibrosis reflected by fibrosis-4 score (FIB4), aspartate-to-platelet-ratio index (APRI) and ALT/AST ratio were analyzed by generalized linear mixed models and their interactive effect on prevalent advanced fibrosis were visualized by using the interplot method. Long-term exposure to PM1, PM2.5, PM10 and NO2 were positively related to FIB4 or APRI as well as prevalent intermediate-high advanced fibrosis; EVI was negatively related to FIB4 or APRI as well as prevalent intermediate-high advanced fibrosis. Negative associations of residential greenness indices (EVI or NDVI) with prevalent advanced fibrosis were decreased as increased air pollutants (PM1, PM2.5, PM10 or NO2) (P < 0.05 for all). This study indicated that residential greenness may partially attenuate negative effect of long-term exposure to air pollutants related to increased prevalent intermediate-high advanced fibrosis, implying that residential greenness may be an effective strategy to reduce the burden of prevalent hepatic fibrosis and its related disease in association with exposure high levels of air pollutants. The Henan Rural Cohort study has been registered at Chinese Clinical Trial Register (Registration number: ChiCTR-OOC-15006699, http://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=11375) © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Predictive value of serum nesfatin 1, obestatin and glucagon-like peptide 1 levels in adverse pregnancy outcomes of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate the predictive value of serum nesfatin 1 (NSF-1), obestatin (OB) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) levels for the adverse pregnancy outcomes of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods From Jan. 2019 to Dec. 2020, 122 GDM women (GDM group) and 75 healthy pregnant women (normal pregnancy group) who visited our hospital were enrolled. The venous blood was collected to compare the levels of serum NSF-1, OB and GLP-1 in the 2 groups, and the relationship between the levels of serum NSF-1, OB and GLP-1 and the degree of blood glucose control in GDM patients was analyzed. Univariate and multivariate binary logistic regression analyses were performed in GDM patients with poor pregnancy outcomes, and ROC curves were drawn to evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of serum NSF-1, OB and GLP-1 levels in predicting poor pregnancy outcomes of GDM patients. Results The serum NSF-1 level in the GDM group was significantly higher than that in the normal pregnancy group (P<0.01), and increased with the increase of gestational week and the improvement of blood glucose control (both P<0.01). The serum levels of OB and GLP-1 were significantly lower in the GDM group (P<0.01), and decreased with the increase of gestational week and the improvement of blood glucose control (all P<0.01). The serum levels of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAlc) and NSF-1 in the poor pregnancy outcome group were significantly higher than those in the good pregnancy outcome group (both P<0.01), while the serum levels of OB and GLP-1 were significantly lower in the good pregnancy outcome group (both P<0.01). Multivariate binary logistic regression analysis showed that the levels of serum NSF-1, OB and GLP-1 were independent prognostic factors of poor pregnancy outcomes (all P<0.01). The serum levels of NSF-1, OB and GLP-1 had a higher diagnostic efficiency in predicting poor pregnancy outcomes of GDM patients. The sensitivity of the combined detection was 97.4%, specificity was 83.3% and AUC was 0.966, which was significantly higher than those of the single index (NSF-1 [Z=4.078, P<0.01], OB [Z=4.059, P<0.05] and GLP-1 [Z=2.918, P<0.01]). Conclusion: The levels of serum NSF-1, OB and GLP-1 in GDM patients are risk factors of poor pregnancy outcomes, and have high diagnostic efficiency in predicting poor pregnancy outcomes. © 2021 Second Military Medical University Press. All rights reserved.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases; however, there has been little research into its impact on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This study included 308,095 women registered in the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, who delivered between 2011 and 2015 and received a health examination within 52 weeks before pregnancy. Insulin-requiring GDM was defined as no insurance claims for diabetes mellitus and a fasting blood glucose level of < 126 mg/dL before pregnancy, and initiation of insulin treatment during pregnancy. A fatty liver index (FLI) was calculated using body mass index, waist circumference, and blood triglyceride and γ-glutamyl transferase levels. FLI scores < 30 ruled out hepatic steatosis, while FLI scores ≥ 60 indicated NAFLD. Results: The prevalence of NAFLD was 0.8% (2355/308,095) and 1984 (0.6%) subjects developed insulin-requiring GDM. FLIs of 30–59 and ≥ 60 were significantly associated with increased risk of insulin-requiring GDM (odds ratio [OR] 3.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.99–4.10; OR 4.19; 95% CI 3.37–5.23), respectively. Further exploration of the association of FLI with GDM across FLI decile categories revealed a steady increase in OR across the categories. The association was more prominent among those without metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: NAFLD in women is an independent risk factor for insulin-requiring GDM. © 2021, The Author(s).
Association between pregravid liver enzyme levels and gestational diabetes in twin pregnancies: a secondary analysis of national cohort study; Multiple pregnancies are prone to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study investigated the association between pregravid liver enzyme levels and the development of GDM in a twin pregnancy. Women who had the National Health Screening Examination and delivered their twin babies within one year were enrolled. Pregravid liver enzyme levels were divided into high and low level. Risks for developing GDM by high levels of liver enzymes were analyzed, in subgroups by pregravid obesity or metabolic syndrome. Among the 4348 twin pregnancies, 369 women (8.5%) developed GDM not requiring insulin treatment (GDM − IT), and 119 women (2.7%) developed GDM requiring insulin treatment(GDM + IT). High levels of pregravid GGT and ALT were related to risks of GDM + IT not only in women with obesity or metabolic syndrome (odds ratio[OR] 6.348, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.579–15.624 and OR 6.879, 95% CI 2.232–21.204, respectively), but also in women without obesity (OR 3.05, 95% CI 1.565–5.946) or without metabolic syndrome (OR 3.338, 95% CI 1.86–5.992), compared to in women with low levels of those. However, there were no significant associations in the pregravid ALT and GGT levels and risks for development of GDM − IT, unrelated to pregravid obesity or metabolic syndrome. Therefore, this study suggests that women with high levels of pregravid GGT and ALT need to recognize their increased risk of GDM + IT, regardless of pregravid obesity or MetS, when they get pregnant twin. © 2021, The Author(s).
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease worldwide. It represents a spectrum of disease from simple hepatic steatosis to steatohepatitis that may develop into progressive hepatic fibrosis and even cirrhosis. NAFLD is the most rapidly increasing indication for liver transplantation in adults. In children, the incidence of NAFLD has also increased over the past decade. Although the majority of children with NAFLD are overweight or obese, there is an increasing subset of children with normal body mass index with so-called lean NAFLD. NAFLD in children is associated with several extrahepatic manifestations, including hyperlipidemia, insulin resistance, and obstructive sleep apnea. The pathogenesis of NAFLD in children involves a multifactorial interaction among genetics, in utero exposures, early childhood exposures, and ongoing nutritional exposures. Although there are some similarities between pediatric NAFLD and adult NAFLD, liver biopsies in children show histologic differences between the two. The current standard-of-care treatment of NAFLD in children is lifestyle change to decrease caloric intake and increase physical activity. There are no medications currently approved for the treatment of NAFLD in children. This article aims to summarize the current understanding of pediatric NAFLD and future directions for intervention and therapeutic aims. © 2021 Gastro-Hep Communications, Inc.. All rights reserved.
NLRP3 inflammasome signal pathway involves in Vibrio harveyi-induced inflammatory response in murine peritoneal macrophages in vitro; Vibrio harveyi, an important zoonotic pathogen, can infect wounds and cause inflammatory response. Understanding the inflammatory response pathways could facilitate the exploration of molecular mechanisms for treating V. harveyi infection. NLR family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome is involved in the interaction between hosts and pathogenic microorganisms and could be sensed by various pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) or damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs). Nonetheless, the function of NLRP3 inflammasome in V. harveyi infection remains unclear. In the present study, we established a V. harveyi infection model using murine peritoneal macrophages (PMs). Various techniques, including western blot analysis, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), RT-qPCR, immunofluorescence, and inhibition assays, were used to explore the molecular mechanism of V. harveyi-induced inflammation. The results showed that many inflammatory cytokines participated in V. harveyi infection, with interleukin (IL)-1β being the most abundant. Pan-caspase inhibitor pretreatment significantly decreased the secretion of IL-1β in murine PMs. Moreover, the identification of V. harveyi involved a large number of NLR molecules, especially the NLRP3 receptor, and further studies revealed that NLPR3 inflammasome was activated by V. harveyi infection, as evidenced by puncta-like NLRP3 surrounding cell nuclear, ASC specks in the nucleus and cytoplasm, and ASC oligomerization. Inhibition of NLRP3 inflammasome impaired the release of mature IL-1β in V. harveyi-infected murine PMs. Furthermore, blocking the secretion of mature IL-1β could markedly decrease the release of other proinflammatory cytokines, including IL-6, IL-12, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Overall, these data indicated that NLRP3 inflammasome was activated in response to V. harveyi infection and enhanced inflammatory response by promoting IL-1β secretion in murine PMs.  © 2021 The Author(s).
Methylenetetrahydrofolate (Mthfr), the one-carbon cycle, and cardiovascular risks; The 5-10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) enzyme is vital for cellular homeostasis due to its key functions in the one-carbon cycle, which include methionine and folate metabolism and protein, DNA, and RNA synthesis. The enzyme is responsible for maintaining methionine and homocysteine (Hcy) balance to prevent cellular dysfunction. Polymorphisms in the MTHFR gene, especially C677T, have been associated with various diseases, including cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), cancer, inflammatory conditions, diabetes, and vascular disorders. The C677T MTHFR polymorphism is thought to be the most common cause of elevated Hcy levels, which is considered an independent risk factor for CVD. This polymorphism results in an amino acid change from alanine to valine, which prevents optimal functioning of the enzyme at temperatures above 37 _C. Many studies have been conducted to determine whether there is an association between the C677T polymorphism and increased risk for CVD. There is much evidence in favour of this association, while several studies have concluded that the polymorphism cannot be used to predict CVD development or progression. This review discusses current research regarding the C677T polymorphism and its relationship with CVD, inflammation, diabetes, and epigenetic regulation and compares the evidence provided for and against the association with CVD. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effectiveness and safety of Bifidobacterium and berberine in human hyperglycemia and their regulatory effect on the gut microbiota: a multi-center, double-blind, randomized, parallel-controlled study; Background: Berberine and Bifidobacterium have been reported to improve glucose tolerance in people with hyperglycemia or other metabolic disorders. This study aimed to assess the hypoglycemic effect and the regulation of the gut microbiota caused by berberine and Bifidobacterium and the possible additive benefits of their combination. Methods: This was an 18-week, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, parallel-controlled study of patients newly diagnosed with hyperglycemia. After a 2-week run-in period, 300 participants were randomly assigned to the following four groups for 16 weeks of treatment: berberine (Be), Bifidobacterium (Bi), berberine and Bifidobacterium (BB), and placebo group. The primary efficacy endpoint was the absolute value of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) compared with baseline after 16 weeks of treatment. Results: Between October 2015 and April 2018, a total of 297 participants were included in the primary analysis. Significant reductions of FPG were observed in the Be and BB groups compared with the placebo group, with a least square (LS) mean difference of − 0.50, 95% CI [− 0.85, − 0.15] mmol/L, and − 0.55, 95% CI [− 0.91, − 0.20] mmol/L, respectively. The Be and BB groups also showed significant reductions in 2-h postprandial plasma glucose. A pronounced decrease in HbA1c occurred in the BB group compared to the placebo group. Moreover, compared with the Bi and placebo groups, the Be and BB groups had more changes in the gut microbiota from the baseline. Conclusions: Berberine could regulate the structure and function of the human gut microbiota, and Bifidobacterium has the potential to enhance the hypoglycemic effect of berberine. These findings provide new insights into the hypoglycemic potential of berberine and Bifidobacterium. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03330184. Retrospectively registered on 18 October 2017. © 2021, The Author(s).
Effects of puerarin on chronic inflammation: Focus on the heart, brain, and arteries; Age-associated increases in physical and mental stress, known as allostatic load, could lead to a chronic low-grade inflammation in the heart, brain, and arteries. This low-grade inflammation potentially contributes to adverse structural and functional remodeling, such as intimal medial thickening, endothelial dysfunction, arterial stiffening, cardiac hypertrophy and ischemia, and cognitive decline. These cellular and tissue remodeling is the fertile soil for the development of age-associated structural and functional disorders in the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular systems in the pathogenesis of obesity, type II diabetes, hypertension, atherosclerosis, heart dysfunction, and cognitive decline. Growing evidence indicates that puerarin, a polyphenol, extracted from Puerara Labota, efficiently alleviates the initiation and progression of obesity, type II diabetes, hypertension, atherosclerosis, cardiac ischemia, cardiac arrythmia, cardiac hypertrophy, ischemic stroke, and cognition decline via suppression of oxidative stress and inflammation. This mini review focuses on recent advances in the effects of puerarin on the oxidative and inflammatory molecular, cellular, tissue events in the heart, brain, and arteries. © 2021 The Authors. Aging Medicine published by Beijing Hospital and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd. This article has been contributed to by US Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA.
Targeting dyslipidemia with antioxidative vitamins C, D, and E; a systematic review of meta-analysis studies: Dyslipidemia and antioxidative vitamins; Background: There is controversial evidence for the beneficial effects of antioxidative vitamins (vits) on dyslipidemia. In this regard, we aimed to systematically review all meta-analyses of trials on this topic. Methods: We comprehensively searched PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Cochrane Library databases until January 2021 to explore the published English meta-analyses of trials conducted to assess the effects of single or combined vits C, D and E consumption on lipid profile. The meta-analyses of observational, in vivo/in vitro, or case-report studies were excluded. Search results were reported based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) flowchart. Results: Overall, 25 meta-analyses including 32,177 individuals with different underlying disorders met our inclusion criteria. Numerous studies had assessed supplementation with Vit-D or its combination with other agents on lipid profile. Consumption of 400 IU/day (d) to 50,000 IU/week (w) Vit-D for at least eight weeks improved the levels of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and triglycerides (TG) in type 2 diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients. This treatment reduced the levels of TC and TG in patients with chronic kidney disease. A significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels was only observed in coronary artery disease patients. Sole intake of 500–2000 mg/d Vit-C for at least 3 weeks improved LDL-C and TG values in hypercholesterolemic patients. Nevertheless, sole intake of Vit-E had controversial effects on lipid profile. The combination of 400–1800 IU/d omega-3 free fatty acid (FFA) and 400 IU/d Vit-E significantly reduced the levels of LDL-C and TG in overweight individuals, without any significant effect on other components. A significant improvement of TG values was observed after consumption of 1000–2000 mg/d omega-3 FFA plus 400 IU/d Vit-E along with 50,000 IU/each 2w Vit-D for at least 6 weeks in diabetic patients. Conclusion: The beneficial effects of antioxidative vitamins (C, D, E) or their combination with other agents on lipid profile varied based on their dosage, intake duration, and the health status of the individuals. © 2021, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Identification of potential lncRNAs and co-expressed mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus by RNA sequencing; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus is common during pregnancy, impacting maternal health and fetal development. The aim of this study was to identify potential long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) and mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: The placenta tissues from four women patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and three healthy pregnant women were used for RNA sequencing. Differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs were obtained. Then, interaction networks of lncRNA-nearby targeted mRNA and lncRNA-co-expressed mRNA were constructed, followed by functional annotation of co-expressed mRNAs. Third, GSE51546 dataset was utilized to validate the expression of selected co-expressed mRNAs. In addition, in vitro experiment was applied to expression validation of lncRNAs and mRNAs. Finally, GSE70493 dataset was utilized for diagnostic analysis of selected co-expressed mRNAs. Results: A total of 78 differentially expressed lncRNAs and 647 differentially expressed mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus were obtained. Several interaction pairs of lncRNA-co-expressed mRNA including LINC01504-CASP8, FUT8-AS1-TLR5/GDF15, GATA2-AS1-PQLC3/KIAA2026, and EGFR-AS1-HLA-G were identified. Endocytosis (involved HLA-G) and toll-like receptor signaling pathway (involved TLR5 and CASP8) were remarkably enriched signaling pathways of co-expressed mRNAs. It is noted that CASP8, TLR5, and PQLC3 had a significant prognosis value for gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Our study identified several differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs, and their interactions, especially co-expression, may be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
ASKA technology-based pull-down method reveals a suppressive effect of ASK1 on the inflammatory NOD-RIPK2 pathway in brown adipocytes﻿; Recent studies have shown that adipose tissue is an immunological organ. While inflammation in energy-storing white adipose tissues has been the focus of intense research, the regulatory mechanisms of inflammation in heat-producing brown adipose tissues remain largely unknown. We previously identified apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) as a critical regulator of brown adipocyte maturation; the PKA-ASK1-p38 axis facilitates uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) induction cell-autonomously. Here, we show that ASK1 suppresses an innate immune pathway and contributes to maintenance of brown adipocytes. We report a novel chemical pull-down method for endogenous kinases using analog sensitive kinase allele (ASKA) technology and identify an ASK1 interactor in brown adipocytes, receptor-interacting serine/threonine-protein kinase 2 (RIPK2). ASK1 disrupts the RIPK2 signaling complex and inhibits the NOD-RIPK2 pathway to downregulate the production of inflammatory cytokines. As a potential biological significance, an in vitro model for intercellular regulation suggests that ASK1 facilitates the expression of UCP1 through the suppression of inflammatory cytokine production. In parallel to our previous report on the PKA-ASK1-p38 axis, our work raises the possibility of an auxiliary role of ASK1 in brown adipocyte maintenance through neutralizing the thermogenesis-suppressive effect of the NOD-RIPK2 pathway. © 2021, The Author(s).
In utero exposure to parabens and early childhood BMI z-scores – Associations between placental ethyl paraben, longitudinal BMI trajectories and cord blood metabolic biomarkers; Background: Parabens are used as antimicrobial preservatives in personal care products. Few studies have dealt with adverse health outcomes, transplacental transfer, and obesogenic effects of prenatal exposure to parabens. We examined the association between placental paraben levels and cord blood metabolic biomarkers, considering modulating effects of maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and underlying epigenetic mechanisms, and investigated longitudinal effects of in utero paraben exposure on early childhood trajectories of BMI z-scores. Methods: Placental concentrations of four parabens [methyl (MeP), ethyl (EtP), propyl (PrP), and butyl (BuP)] were measured by ultra-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry in 229 placentas of the ENVIRONAGE birth cohort. The association with cord blood metabolic biomarkers [glucose, insulin, γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT), high-density and low-density lipoprotein (HDL and LDL)] was analyzed in multiple regression models with two different sets of, a priori selected potential confounders, additionally stratified for different maternal BMI groups and assessed by causal mediation analysis. The association between placental paraben concentration and differential DNA methylation of CpGs annotated to GGT and longitudinal measurements of BMI z-scores were investigated with adjusted linear mixed models. Results: The geometric means of placental MeP, EtP, PrP, and BuP levels above the limit of detection (LOD) were 4.42, 1.32, 1.51, and 0.35 ng/g respectively, with only EtP showing sufficient (88%) measurements above LOD for further analyses. An interquartile ratio (IQR) increase in placental EtP was associated with an increase of 12.61 % (95% CI: 1.80 24.57) in the geometric mean of cord GGT activity, and with a decrease of −3.64 % (95% CI: −6.80 to −0.39) in the geometric mean of cord glucose. Placental EtP levels were significantly associated with hypermethylation of cg08612779 annotated to GGT7 after correcting for multiple testing (ß = 0.0017, p = 0.049). An interquartile ratio (IQR) increment in placental EtP was associated with a decrease in longitudinal BMI z-score of 0.27 points (95% CI: −0.46 to −0.088). Conclusion: Prenatal EtP exposure may affect early childhood BMI. The association of placental EtP with cord blood GGT and glucose levels provides a starting point for further research on mechanisms of paraben-related metabolic processes in utero. © 2021 The Author(s)
Predictive value of women’s weight trajectories in determining familial cardiovascular disorders: a family-based longitudinal study; Considering the dynamic nature of body mass index (BMI) and its importance in determining cardiovascular risks, this study aimed to investigate the life-course trajectory pattern of women’s BMI and its association with cardiovascular risk factors. A total of 1356 couples with 2976 children were recruited and followed up for an average period of 20 years. Latent growth curve modeling was applied to determine women's BMI trajectories; logistic regression was used to investigate the associations between trajectory patterns and cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension (HTN), dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus (DM), and obesity. Women were classified into three trajectories, including normal, stage 1 obesity, and stage 2 obesity. Compared to women’s in the normal trajectory group, those in obesity trajectories had higher odds ratios for HTN, DM, and dyslipidemia. Men with obese spouses showed a higher rate of HTN 1.54 (95% CI 1.05–2.25) and DM 1.55; (95% CI 1.00–2.44). The odds of men’s obesity were higher in obese spouses (OR 1.70; 95% CI 1.10–2.62). Offspring of stage 2 obese (OR 2.39; 95% CI 1.67–3.44) and stage 1 obese (OR 4.81; 95% CI 3.16–7.34) mothers were more likely to be obese. Our findings emphasized paying more attention to women with excessive weight to promote familial cardiovascular health in the communities. © 2021, The Author(s).
Engineered Probiotic and Prebiotic Nutraceutical Supplementations in Combating Non-communicable Disorders: A Review; Nutritional supplementations are a form of nutrition sources that may help in improving the health complexities of a person throughout his or her life span. Being also categorized as food supplementations, nutraceuticals are products that are extracted from edible sources with medical benefits as well as primary nutritional values. Nutraceuticals can be considered as functional foods. There are evidences that nutraceutical supplementations can alter the commensal gut microbiota and help to prevent or fight against chronic non-communicable degenerative diseases in adults, including neurological disorders (Autism Spectrum Disorder [ASD], Parkinson’s disease [PD], Multiple sclerosis [MS]) and metabolic disorders (Type-II diabetes, obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease). They can even lessen the complexities of preterm babies like extra-uterine growth restriction, necrotizing enterocolitis, infant eczema and allergy (during pregnancy) as well as bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Molecular perception of inflammatory and apoptotic modulators regulating the pathogenesis of these health risks, their control and management by probiotics and prebiotics could further emphasize the scientific overview of their utility. In this study, the pivotal role of nutraceutical supplementations in regulating or modulating molecular pathways in the above non-communicable diseases is briefly described. This work also gives an overall introduction of the sophisticated genome-editing techniques and advanced delivery systems in therapeutic activities applicable under these health risks. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Metabolomics to understand placental biology: Where are we now?; Metabolomics, the application of analytical chemistry methodologies to survey the chemical composition of a biological system, is used to globally profile and compare metabolites in one or more groups of samples. Given that metabolites are the terminal end-products of cellular metabolic processes, or ‘phenotype’ of a cell, tissue, or organism, metabolomics is valuable to the study of the maternal-fetal interface as it has the potential to reveal nuanced complexities of a biological system as well as differences over time or between individuals. The placenta acts as the primary site of maternal-fetal exchange, the success of which is paramount to growth and development of offspring during pregnancy and beyond. Although the study of metabolomics has proven moderately useful for the screening, diagnosis, and understanding of the pathophysiology of pregnancy complications, the placental metabolome in the context of a healthy pregnancy remains poorly characterized and understood. Herein, we discuss the technical aspects of metabolomics and review the current literature describing the placental metabolome in human and animal models, in the context of health and disease. Finally, we highlight areas for future opportunities in the emerging field of placental metabolomics. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Intensive lactation among women with recent gestational diabetes significantly alters the early postpartum circulating lipid profile: the SWIFT study; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D). It is estimated that 20-50% of women with GDM history will progress to T2D within 10 years after delivery. Intensive lactation could be negatively associated with this risk, but the mechanisms behind a protective effect remain unknown. Methods: In this study, we utilized a prospective GDM cohort of 1010 women without T2D at 6-9 weeks postpartum (study baseline) and tested for T2D onset up to 8 years post-baseline (n=980). Targeted metabolic profiling was performed on fasting plasma samples collected at both baseline and follow-up (1-2 years post-baseline) during research exams in a subset of 350 women (216 intensive breastfeeding, IBF vs. 134 intensive formula feeding or mixed feeding, IFF/Mixed). The relationship between lactation intensity and circulating metabolites at both baseline and follow-up were evaluated to discover underlying metabolic responses of lactation and to explore the link between these metabolites and T2D risk. Results: We observed that lactation intensity was strongly associated with decreased glycerolipids (TAGs/DAGs) and increased phospholipids/sphingolipids at baseline. This lipid profile suggested decreased lipogenesis caused by a shift away from the glycerolipid metabolism pathway towards the phospholipid/sphingolipid metabolism pathway as a component of the mechanism underlying the benefits of lactation. Longitudinal analysis demonstrated that this favorable lipid profile was transient and diminished at 1-2 years postpartum, coinciding with the cessation of lactation. Importantly, when stratifying these 350 women by future T2D status during the follow-up (171 future T2D vs. 179 no T2D), we discovered that lactation induced robust lipid changes only in women who did not develop incident T2D. Subsequently, we identified a cluster of metabolites that strongly associated with future T2D risk from which we developed a predictive metabolic signature with a discriminating power (AUC) of 0.78, superior to common clinical variables (i.e., fasting glucose, AUC 0.56 or 2-h glucose, AUC 0.62). Conclusions: In this study, we show that intensive lactation significantly alters the circulating lipid profile at early postpartum and that women who do not respond metabolically to lactation are more likely to develop T2D. We also discovered a 10-analyte metabolic signature capable of predicting future onset of T2D in IBF women. Our findings provide novel insight into how lactation affects maternal metabolism and its link to future diabetes onset. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01967030. © 2021, The Author(s).
Circulating retinol binding protein 4 levels in coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) has been proposed to play a role in the pathophysiology of coronary artery disease (CAD), but previous findings on the association of RBP4 levels with CAD are inconsistent. Methods: A meta-analysis based on observational studies was conducted to evaluate the association between circulating RBP4 levels and CAD. Databases including PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Google Scholar and ClinicalTrials.gov database were searched for eligible studies published up to 12 July 2021. Standard mean differences (SMDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using the inverse variance heterogeneity (IVhet) and random-effects model for data with moderate and high heterogeneity (I2 > 30%) and data with low heterogeneity were analysed using a fixed-effects model (I2 ≤ 30%). Moreover, a bias-adjusted quality-effects model was generated, and the prediction interval was also calculated under the random-effects model. Results: Two nested case-control studies, one cohort study and twelve case–control studies with a total of 7111 participants were included. Circulating RBP4 levels in patients with CAD were comparable to those in the controls under the IVhet model (SMD: 0.25, 95% CI: − 0.29-0.79, I2: 96.00%). The quality-effects model produced consistent results. However, the association turned to be significant under the random-effect model (SMD: 0.46, 95% CI: 0.17–0.75, I2: 96.00%), whereas the 95% predictive interval (PI) included null values (95% PI: − 0.82-1.74). Subgroup analyses illustrated a positive relationship between CAD and RBP4 levels in patients with complications (SMD: 1.34, 95% CI: 0.38–2.29, I2: 96.00%). The meta-regression analysis revealed that the mean BMI of patients (P = 0.03) and complication status (P = 0.01) influenced the variation in SMD. Conclusions: There was low-quality evidence that patients with CAD exhibited similar circulating RBP4 levels compared with controls, and high inter-study heterogeneity was also observed. Thus, RBP4 might not be a potential risk factor for CAD. Comparisons among different subtypes of RBP4 with larger sample size are needed in the future. © 2021, The Author(s).
The correlation between serum inflammatory, antioxidant, glucose handling biomarkers, and Dietary Antioxidant Index (DAI) and the role of DAI in obesity/overweight causation: population-based case–control study; Background: Obesity is a multifactorial disease, and about 40% of world adults are overweight, and about 20% are obese. Diet is one of the most important factors in the causality of obesity. The interactions between the diet and gut microbiota or chronic inflammation pathways highlight the importance of its various aspects in the incidence and prevalence of obesity. At the same time, diet is a combination of several antioxidants that are needed together for the body’s antioxidant system. The Dietary Antioxidant Index (DAI) is a valid nutritional tool, and its correlation has been studied concerning total antioxidant capacity and malondialdehyde. The study aimed to examine the relationship between the DAI and the odds of obesity. We hypothesized that a higher DAI score indicating a predominantly antioxidant diet has a protective effect against odds of obesity. Methods: In this population-based case–control study, 812 participants with a higher body mass index (BMI) than 25 were selected as the case group. Also, 793 participants with BMI in the range of 17.9–24.9 were selected as the control group. A valid and reliable 124-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess dietary intake. Based on FFQ data, we summed up the standardized intake of the major dietary antioxidants, including vitamin A, E, C, selenium, zinc, and manganese, to calculate DAI. Results: In a multivariable adjusting model, there was a significant association between DAI (as a continuous variable) and BMI (odds ratio (OR) = 0.95; 95% CI: 0.92–0.99; P value = 0.02). Also, there was a significant association between DAI (as a categorized variable) and body surface area with multivariable adjusting model (OR = 0.79; 95% CI: 0.64–0.98; P value = 0.04). Conclusion: In conclusion, the DAI can accurately predict some serum antioxidant and anti-inflammatory levels along with glucose handling markers. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
The role of IGF2BP2, an m6A reader gene, in human metabolic diseases and cancers; The human insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2) mRNA binding proteins 2 (IGF2BP2/IMP2) is an RNA-binding protein that regulates multiple biological processes. Previously, IGF2BP2 was thought to be a type 2 diabetes (T2D)-associated gene. Indeed IGF2BP2 modulates cellular metabolism in human metabolic diseases such as diabetes, obesity and fatty liver through post-transcriptional regulation of numerous genes in multiple cell types. Emerging evidence shows that IGF2BP2 is an N6-methyladenosine (m6A) reader that participates in the development and progression of cancers by communicating with different RNAs such as microRNAs (miRNAs), messenger RNAs (mRNAs) and long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs). Additionally, IGF2BP2 is an independent prognostic factor for multiple cancer types. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge on IGF2BP2 with regard to diverse human metabolic diseases and its potential for cancer prognosis. © 2021, The Author(s).
Cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize evidence on conventional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The review protocol is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019118149). PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Studies reporting on CVD risk factors in women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM were selected. A total of 139 studies were eligible, of which 93 were included in the meta-analysis. Women with previous GDM have significantly higher systolic blood pressure (2.47 mmHg 95% CI 1.74 to 3.40, n = 48, 50,118 participants) diastolic blood pressure (1.89 mmHg 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 48, 49,495 participants), BMI (1.54 kg/m2 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 78, 255,308 participants), total cholesterol (0.26 SMD 95% CI 0.15 to 0.37, n = 48, 38,561 participants), LDL cholesterol (0.19 SMD 95% CI 0.08 to 0.30, n = 44, 16,980 participants), triglycerides (0.56 SMD 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70, n = 46, 13,175 participants), glucose (0.69 SMD 95% CI 0.56 to 0.81, n = 55, 127,900 participants), insulin (0.41 SMD 95% CI 0.23 to 0.59, n = 32, 8881 participants) and significantly lower HDL cholesterol (−0.28 SMD 95% CI −0.39 to −0.16, n = 56, 35,882 participants), compared to women without previous GDM. The increased blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose are seen as early as <1 year post-partum.Women with previous GDM have a higher risk of CVD based on significant increases in conventional risk factors. Some risk factors are seen as early as <1 year post-partum. Women with GDM may benefit from early screening to identify modifiable CVD risk factors. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Impact of the factors shaping gut microbiota on obesity; Obesity is considered as a risk factor for chronic health diseases such as heart diseases, cancer and diabetes 2. Reduced physical activities, lifestyle, poor nutritional diet and genetics are among the risk factors associated with the development of obesity. In recent years, several studies have explored the link between the gut microbiome and the progression of diseases including obesity, with the shift in microbiome abundance and composition being the main focus. The alteration of gut microbiome composition affects both nutrients metabolism and specific gene expressions, thereby disturbing body physiology. Specifically, the abundance of fibre-metabolizing microbes is associated with weight loss and that of protein and fat-metabolizing bacteria with weight gain. Various internal and external factors such as genetics, maternal obesity, mode of delivery, breastfeeding, nutrition, antibiotic use and the chemical compounds present in the environment are known to interfere with the richness of the gut microbiota (GM), thus influencing weight gain/loss and ultimately the development of obesity. However, the effectiveness of each factor in potentiating the shift in microbes’ abundance to result in significant changes that can lead to obesity is not yet clear. In this review, we will highlight the factors involved in shaping GM, their influence on obesity and possible interventions. Understanding the influence of these factors on the diversity of the GM and how to improve their effectiveness on disease conditions could be keys in the treatment of metabolic diseases. © 2021 The Society for Applied Microbiology
Effectiveness of flax seed, an immune booster functional food during COVID-19 pandemic situation; During current COVID- 19 pandemic situation where preventive and curative medicines are unavailable, strong immune system is one of the best weapons to deal with it at individual level. Functional foods and dietary modification can decrease any kind of infections (viral as well as other infections) risk including COVID-19 and build up our immunity. Persons with strong immunity are able to recover any infectious disease conditions within short period of time. Main concern of this content is to support the principle that flax seed, a plant-derived omega-3 (ù-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (rich in a-linolenic acid) can activate both adaptive and innate immune functions, altered macrophage function through production and secretion of cytokines and chemokines, improve phagocytosis capacity leads to increase immunity. Two bioactive compounds lignans and fiber are also present in flax seed. Flax seed reduces inflammation oxidative stress, and shows lipid modulating properties also. Omega -3 fatty acids popular for its health benefits against comorbidities in the COVID-19 patients including hypertension, respiratory system disease and cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer. Flax seed helps to maintain intestinal environment, function and immunity through modulating the gut microbiota composition, improve intestinal wall integrity, production of short chain fatty acids (due to fermentation of flaxseed fiber by gut microbiota). However it is established that the inclusion of sufficient amount of flax seed as whole, powder, oil, or fortified form in our regular diet helps to boost immunity against infectious disease. © 2021, Narendra Publishing House, Delhi, India.
FGF21/adiponectin ratio predicts deterioration in glycemia: a 4.6-year prospective study in China; Background: The fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21-adiponectin pathway is involved in the regulation of insulin resistance. However, the relationship between the FGF21-adiponectin pathway and type 2 diabetes in humans is unclear. Here, we investigated the association of FGF21/adiponectin ratio with deterioration in glycemia in a prospective cohort study. Methods: We studied 6361 subjects recruited from the prospective Shanghai Nicheng Cohort Study in China. The association between baseline FGF21/adiponectin ratio and new-onset diabetes and incident prediabetes was evaluated using multiple logistic regression analysis. Results: At baseline, FGF21/adiponectin ratio levels increased progressively with the deterioration in glycemic control from normal glucose tolerance to prediabetes and diabetes (p for trend < 0.001). Over a median follow-up of 4.6 years, 195 subjects developed new-onset diabetes and 351 subjects developed incident prediabetes. Elevated baseline FGF21/adiponectin ratio was a significant predictor of new-onset diabetes independent of traditional risk factors, especially in subjects with prediabetes (odds ratio, 1.367; p = 0.001). Moreover, FGF21/adiponectin ratio predicted incident prediabetes (odds ratio, 1.185; p = 0.021) while neither FGF21 nor adiponectin were independent predictors of incident prediabetes (both p > 0.05). Furthermore, net reclassification improvement and integrated discrimination improvement analyses showed that FGF21/adiponectin ratio provided a better performance in diabetes risk prediction than the use of FGF21 or adiponectin alone. Conclusions: FGF21/adiponectin ratio independently predicted the onset of prediabetes and diabetes, with the potential to be a useful biomarker of deterioration in glycemia. © 2021, The Author(s).
The (pro)renin receptor ((P)RR) and soluble (pro)renin receptor (s(P)RR) in pregnancy; The (pro)renin receptor ((P)RR) is a multi-functional protein that can be proteolytically cleaved and released in a soluble form (s(P)RR). Recently, the (P)RR and s(P)RR have become of interest in pregnancy and its associated pathologies. This is because the (P)RR not only activates tissue renin angiotensin systems, but it is also an integral component of vacuolar-ATPase, activates the wingless/integrated (Wnt)/β-catenin and extracellular signal regulated kinases 1 and 2/mitogen-activated protein kinase signalling pathways, and stabilises the β subunit of pyruvate dehydrogenase. Additionally, s(P)RR is detected in plasma and urine, and maternal plasma levels are elevated in pregnancy complications including fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus. Therefore, s(P)RR has potential as a biomarker for these pregnancy pathologies. Preliminary functional findings suggest that s(P)RR may be important for regulating fluid balance, inflammation and blood pressure, all of which contribute to a successful pregnancy. The (P)RR and s(P)RR regulate pathways that are known to be important in maintaining pregnancy, however their role in the physiological context of pregnancy is poorly characterised. This review summarises the known and potential functions of the (P)RR and s(P)RR in pregnancy, and how their dysregulation may contribute to pregnancy complications. It also highlights the need for further research into the source and function of s(P)RR in pregnancy. Soluble (P)RR levels could be indicative of placental, kidney or liver dysfunction and therefore be a novel clinical biomarker, or therapeutic target, to improve the detection and treatment of pregnancy pathologies. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
The critical roles of m6A modification in metabolic abnormality and cardiovascular diseases; N6-methyladenosine (m6A) RNA methylation is an emerging area of epigenetics, which is a reversible and dynamic modification mediating by ‘writers’ (methylase, adding methyl groups, METTL3, METTL14, and WTAP), ‘erasers’ (demethylase, deleting methyl groups, FTO and ALKBH5), and ‘readers’ (YTHDF1-3, YTHDC1 and YTHDC2). Recent studies in human, animal models and cell levels have disclosed a critical role of m6A modification in regulating the homeostasis of metabolic processes and cardiovascular function. Evidence from these studies identify m6A as a candidate of biomarker and therapeutic target for metabolic abnormality and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Comprehensive understanding of the complexity of m6A regulation in metabolic diseases and CVD will be helpful for us to understand the pathogenesis of CVD. In this review, we discuss the regulatory role of m6A in metabolic abnormality and CVD. We will emphasize the clinical relevance of m6A dysregulation in CVD. © 2020 Chongqing Medical University
Metformin inhibits ferroptosis via Nrf2-Gpx4 signaling pathway and minimizes liver damage in rats with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; AIM：To explore the effect of metformin（Met）on hepatic injury in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease（NAFLD）rats and the molecular mechanism based on nuclear factor E2-related factor 2（Nrf2）-glutathione peroxidase 4（Gpx4）-mediated ferroptosis signaling pathway. METHODS：SPF male SD rats were fed with high-fat diet to establish NAFLD model，and the rats in control group were fed with normal diet. After 12 weeks of feeding，the model rats were randomly divided into NAFLD group，Met low-dose（Met-L）group，Met high-dose（Met-H）group，and Met+brusatol （Nrf2 inhibitor）group，with 8 rats in each group. The rats in Met-L group and Met-H group were given 100 and 200 mg/kg Met by gavage，once daily. The rats in Met+brusatol group were given 200 mg/kg Met intragastrically and 2 mg/kg brusatol intraperitoneally every other day. The rats in control group and NAFLD group were given the same amount of normal saline intragastrically and intraperitoneally respectively，for 6 weeks. After the administration，the serum levels of aspartate aminotransferase（AST），alanine aminotransferase（ALT），total cholesterol（TC），triglycerides（TG），low-density lipoprotein cholesterol（LDL-C），high-density lipoprotein cholesterol（HDL-C），and inflammatory factors tumor necrosis factorα（TNF-α）and interleukin-6（IL-6）were detected. The ferri ion content in liver tissue homogenate was measured with colorimetric method，the malondialdehyde（MDA）content was detected with TBA method，the glutathione（GSH）content was detected with micro-enzyme method，the reactive oxygen species（ROS）content was detected with DCFH-DA fluorescent probe method. The pathological changes of liver tissue were observed with HE staining. The lipid accumulation in hepatic cells was determined by oil red O staining. The ferri deposition in the liver was examined with Prussian blue staining. The expression of Nrf2，heme oxygenase-1（HO-1），Gpx4 and cystine/glutamate antiporter（xCT）at protein and mRNA levels in the liver tissues was determined by Western blot and RT-qPCR，respectively. RESULTS：Compared with control group，the serum levels of ALT，AST，TNF-α，IL-6，TC，TG and LDL-C，liver ferri ion content，MDA，ROS levels，liver tissue NAS score，the percentage of oil red O staining and Prussian blue staining positive areas were significantly increased in NAFLD group（P<0. 05），the serum HDL-C level，liver tissue GSH content，Nrf2，HO-1，Gpx4，and xCT protein and mRNA expression were significantly reduced（P<0. 05），hepatocytes were arranged disorderly and swelling，lipid droplet vacuoles were presented in the cells，and there were obvious inflammatory cell infiltration，lipid accumulation and ferri deposition. Compared with NAFLD group，the serum levels of ALT，AST，TNF-α，IL-6，TC，TG and LDL-C，liver ferri ion content，MDA，ROS levels，liver tissue NAS score，the percentage of oil red O staining and Prussian blue staining positive areas were significantly reduced in Met-L group and Met-H group（P<0. 05），the serum HDL-C level，liver tissue GSH content，Nrf2，HO-1，Gpx4，and xCT protein and mRNA expression were significantly increased（P<0. 05），the fatty degeneration of liver cells was reduced，inflammatory cell infiltration，lipid accumulation and ferri deposition were reduced. And the Nrf2 inhibitor brusatol obviously reversed the activation effect of Met on the Nrf2/Gpx4 signaling pathway and its protective effect on liver of NAFLD rats. CONCLUSION：Met may activate the Nrf2/Gpx4 signaling pathway，inhibit ferroptosis，reduce the degree of lipid peroxidation，to exert a protective effect on liver of NAFLD rats. © 2022 Chinese Journal of Pathophysiology. All rights reserved.
The association between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of breast cancer: a case–control study; Limited data are available, linking the plant-based diets to breast cancer (BC). We examined the association of overall plant-based diet index (PDI), hypothesized healthful (hPDI) and unhealthful versions of a plant-based diet index (uPDI) with BC in Iranian women. This population-based case–control study included 350 cases with newly diagnosed BC and 700 age-matched apparently healthy controls. We collected dietary data using a validated, Willett-format semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Using these data, we generated a PDI by dedicating positive scores to plant foods, and reverse scores to animal foods, hPDI by assigning positive scores to healthy plant foods and reverse scores to less healthy plant foods and animal foods, and finally uPDI in which positive scores were assigned to less healthy plant foods and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. After controlling for potential confounders, individuals in the highest quartile of PDI had 67% lower odds of BC than those in the lowest quartile (OR 0.33; 95% CI 0.22–0.50). Individuals with the greatest adherence to hPDI were 36% less likely to have BC than those with the lowest adherence, in the fully adjusted model (OR 0.64; 95% CI 0.43–0.94). In terms of uPDI, women in the top quartile had a 2.23 times greater chance of BC than those in the bottom quartile (OR 2.23; 95% CI 1.48–3.36). Greater adherence to PDI and hPDI was inversely associated with the risk of BC, whereas uPDI was associated with an increased risk. © 2021, The Author(s).
Effect of n-3 (Omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers and body weight in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs; Beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids on metabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) has been reported. The objectives of this current research were to investigate the effects of n-3 supplementation on metabolic factors, weight, and body mass index (BMI) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), using a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials (RCTs). Online databases PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Science Direct were searched until 2021 to identify eligible articles. Thirty trials were included. The results showed that n-3 consumption can significantly reduce glycemic factors including fasting blood sugar (FBS) (−0.36 (−0.71 to −0.01)), glycated hemoglobulin (HbA1c) (−0.74 (−1.13 to −0.35)), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA.IR) (−0.58 (−1.13 to −0.03)). Furthermore, significant improvement in lipid profile including triglycerides (TG) (−0.27 (−0.37 to −0.18)), total cholesterol (−0.60 (−0.88 to −0.32)), low density lipoprotein (LDL) (−0.54 (−0.85 to −0.23)), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) (0.60 (0.23 to 0.96)) levels were found in the present meta-analysis. The reduction in the inflammatory marker’s tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) (−0.13 (−0.75 to 0.48)) and c-reactive protein (CRP) (−0.72 (−1.70 to 0.27)), as well as weight (−0.09 (−0.24 to 0.07)) and BMI (−0.13 (−0.29 to 0.02)) were not statistically significant. Furthermore, the findings revealed that the optimal dose and duration of n-3 consumption for patients with T2DM is 1000–2000 mg/d for more than 8 weeks. The present meta-analysis and review reveals that n-3 supplementation can improve glycemic factors and lipid profile in patients with T2DM. Furthermore, n-3 supplementation may provide beneficial effects on inflammatory markers and body weight if used at the appropriate dose and duration. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Upregulation of IL-15 in the placenta alters trophoblasts behavior contributing to gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Interleukin-15 (IL-15), a member of the ‘four α-helix bundle’ cytokine family, has been associated with many inflammatory and metabolic diseases. Abnormal expression of IL-15 has been linked to the occurrence and development of obesity and diabetes. However, there is a paucity of research on the involvement of IL-15 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). This study aims at investigating the role of IL-15 in the pathogenesis of GDM. Results: IL-15 was consistently expressed in the placenta throughout pregnancy and dynamically changed with pregnancy progress. Trophoblasts have been identified as the major source of IL-15 in the placenta. Expression of IL-15 was significantly increased in the placenta of GDM and in the trophoblasts cultured with high glucose (HG). In our study, expression of IL-15 in the placenta was positively correlated with blood glucose concentration of 75 g Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT), and was inversely correlated with weight of newborns. Further investigations in vitro showed that exogenous addition of IL-15 promoted trophoblasts proliferation, improved invasion and tube formation ability by activating the JAK/STAT signaling pathway, which be blocked by JAK inhibitors. Conclusion: Our results demonstrated that IL-15 expression in the placenta was dynamically changing during pregnancy, and it was upregulated in the placenta of GDM patients. Furthermore, IL-15 altered the biological behavior of trophoblasts through JAK/STAT signaling pathway in vitro, and may contributed to the placental pathology of GDM. Our findings provide a new direction for studying the pathophysiological changes of placenta in GDM. © 2021, The Author(s).
Pregnancy and weaning regulate human maternal liver size and function; During pregnancy, the rodent liver undergoes hepatocyte proliferation and increases in size, followed by weaning-induced involution via hepatocyte cell death and stromal remodeling, creating a prometastatic niche. These data suggest a mechanism for increased liver metastasis in breast cancer patients with recent childbirth. It is unknown whether the human liver changes in size and function during pregnancy and weaning. In this study, abdominal imaging was obtained in healthy women at early and late pregnancy and postwean. During pregnancy time points, glucose production and utilization and circulating bile acids were measured. Independently of weight gain, most women's livers increased in size with pregnancy, then returned to baseline postwean. Putative roles for bile acids in liver growth and regression were observed. Together, the data support the hypothesis that the human liver is regulated by reproductive state with growth during pregnancy and volume loss postwean. These findings have implications for sex-specific liver diseases and for breast cancer outcomes. © 2021 National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Neonatal Exposure to BPA, BDE-99, and PCB Produces Persistent Changes in Hepatic Transcriptome Associated with Gut Dysbiosis in Adult Mouse Livers; Recent evidence suggests that complex diseases can result from early life exposure to environmental toxicants. Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are persistent organic pollutants (POPs) and remain a continuing risk to human health despite being banned from production. Developmental BPA exposure mediated-adult onset of liver cancer via epigenetic reprogramming mechanisms has been identified. Here, we investigated whether the gut microbiome and liver can be persistently reprogrammed following neonatal exposure to POPs, and the associations between microbial biomarkers and disease-prone changes in the hepatic transcriptome in adulthood, compared with BPA. C57BL/6 male and female mouse pups were orally administered vehicle, BPA, BDE-99 (a breast milk-enriched PBDE congener), or the Fox River PCB mixture (PCBs), once daily for three consecutive days (postnatal days [PND] 2-4). Tissues were collected at PND5 and PND60. Among the three chemicals investigated, early life exposure to BDE-99 produced the most prominent developmental reprogramming of the gut-liver axis, including hepatic inflammatory and cancer-prone signatures. In adulthood, neonatal BDE-99 exposure resulted in a persistent increase in Akkermansia muciniphila throughout the intestine, accompanied by increased hepatic levels of acetate and succinate, the known products of A. muciniphila. In males, this was positively associated with permissive epigenetic marks H3K4me1 and H3K27, which were enriched in loci near liver cancer-related genes that were dysregulated following neonatal exposure to BDE-99. Our findings provide novel insights that early life exposure to POPs can have a life-long impact on disease risk, which may partly be regulated by the gut microbiome. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved.
The aetiology and molecular landscape of insulin resistance; Insulin resistance, defined as a defect in insulin-mediated control of glucose metabolism in tissues — prominently in muscle, fat and liver — is one of the earliest manifestations of a constellation of human diseases that includes type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. These diseases are typically associated with intertwined metabolic abnormalities, including obesity, hyperinsulinaemia, hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia. Insulin resistance is caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Recent genetic and biochemical studies suggest a key role for adipose tissue in the development of insulin resistance, potentially by releasing lipids and other circulating factors that promote insulin resistance in other organs. These extracellular factors perturb the intracellular concentration of a range of intermediates, including ceramide and other lipids, leading to defects in responsiveness of cells to insulin. Such intermediates may cause insulin resistance by inhibiting one or more of the proximal components in the signalling cascade downstream of insulin (insulin receptor, insulin receptor substrate (IRS) proteins or AKT). However, there is now evidence to support the view that insulin resistance is a heterogeneous disorder that may variably arise in a range of metabolic tissues and that the mechanism for this effect likely involves a unified insulin resistance pathway that affects a distal step in the insulin action pathway that is more closely linked to the terminal biological response. Identifying these targets is of major importance, as it will reveal potential new targets for treatments of diseases associated with insulin resistance. © 2021, Springer Nature Limited.
The Association Between Breastfeeding and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Parous Women: A Nation-wide Cohort Study; Background and Aims: Breastfeeding has multiple effects on maternal health outcomes. However, the effect of breastfeeding on NAFLD in parous women remains unclear. Approach and Results: A total of 6,893 Korean parous women aged 30-50 years who participated in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were assessed for the association between breastfeeding and NAFLD. Duration of lactation was calculated by dividing the total lactation period by the number of breastfed children. NAFLD was defined by the hepatic steatosis index. Of 6,893 women, 1,049 (15.2%) had NAFLD. Prevalence of NAFLD was 18.3%, 14.3%, 12.3%, 14.4%, and 15.8% in women with a breastfeeding period of <1, ≥1-<3, ≥3-<6, ≥6-<12, and ≥12 months, respectively. In a fully adjusted model, breastfeeding (≥1 month) was associated with reduced NAFLD prevalence (OR, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.51-0.89) after adjusting for metabolic, socioeconomic, and maternal risk factors. Fully adjusted ORs (95% CI) decreased with an increase of breastfeeding duration: 0.74 (0.49-1.11), 0.70 (0.47-1.05), 0.67 (0.48-0.94), and 0.64 (0.46-0.89) for women with ≥1-<3, ≥3-<6, ≥6-<12, and ≥12 months of breastfeeding duration, respectively, compared to women with <1 month of breastfeeding duration. Such an association was also observed in all predefined subgroups without interaction. Conclusions: Breastfeeding showed a protective effect against NAFLD in later life of parous women, suggesting a maternal benefit of breastfeeding on NAFLD. © 2021 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid from plants known to improve cardiac mitochondrial function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring but the mechanism is poorly understood. We examined the role of the mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) in mediating this cardiac improvement. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet for 6 weeks prior to breeding. Lean and GDM-exposed male offspring were randomly assigned a low-fat, high-fat, or high-fat diet containing BBR at weaning for 12 weeks. The content of CL was elevated in the heart of GDM offspring fed a high fat diet containing BBR. The increase in total cardiac CL was due to significant increases in the most abundant and functionally important CL species, tetralinoleoyl-CL and this correlated with an increase in the expression of the CL remodeling enzyme tafazzin. Additionally, BBR treatment increased expression of cardiac enzymes involved in fatty acid uptake and oxidation and electron transport chain subunits in high fat diet fed GDM offspring. Thus, dietary BBR protection from cardiac dysfunction in GDM exposed offspring involves improvement in mitochondrial function mediated through increased synthesis of CL. © 2021, The Author(s).
Effects of Vitamin A on Milk Fat Synthesis in Bovine Mammary Epithelial Cells Induced by Hydrogen Peroxide; The purpose of this experiment was to study the effects of vitamin A on milk fat synthesis in bovine mammary cells (BMECs) induced by hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). This experiment was designed with a sin- gle-factor completely randomized trial. The third-generation BMECs were randomly divided into 9 groups with 6 replicates in each group. Among them, the control group (CON group) was cultured with growth medium for 30 h, the H2O, injury group (H2O, group) was cultured with CON group medium for 24 h, and then H2O, was added to continue the culture for 6 h. The seven vitamin A preprotection groups were cultured for 24 h with different concentrations of vitamin A in the CON group medium, and then added H2O, for 6 h, the vitamin A concentration was 0.05 (0.05VAH group), 0.10 (0.1VAH group), 0.20 (0.2VAH group), 0.50 (0.5VAH group), 1.00 (1VAH group), 2.00 (2VAH group) and 4.00 µg/mL (4VAH group), respective- ly. The results showed that compared with the CON group, the H2O, induced oxidative damage to BMECs, the relative growth rate (RGR), triglyceride (TG) content, total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) and the activities of total superoxide dismutase (T-SOD), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), thioredoxin reduc- tase 1 (TrxR1), fatty acid synthase (FASN), acyl-CoA desaturase (SCD), lipoprotein esterase (LPL) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) activities of BMECs in the H2O, group were significantly reduced (P ≤0.05), and the relative expression levels of ACC, FASN, glutathione peroxidase 1 (GPx1), glutathione per- oxidase 4 (GPx4), thioredoxin reductase 1 (TrxR1), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor y (PPARY), sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 (SREBP1) were significantly reduced (P≤0.05), but the activity of reactive oxygen species (ROS) was significantly increased (P≤0.05). Compared with the H2O, group, the RGR and the relative expression levels of GPx1, GPx4, TrxR1, LPL, SCD, FASN, PPARy and SREBP1 and the GPx activity, T-AOC of the BMECs in the 0.2VAH to 2VAH groups were significantly increased (P<0.05), and the TG content, T-SOD and CAT activities of the BMECs in the 1VAH group were signifi- cantly increased (P≤0.05), while the ROS activity of the BMECs in the 1VAH group was significantly re- duced (P<0.05). It can be seen that vitamin A has a dose-dependent mitigating effect on the decrease in an- tioxidant capacity, enzyme activities and gene expressions associated with the de novo synthesis of milk fat and fatty acid uptake in BMECs by H2O,-induced damage. The vitamin A of 0.20 to 2.00 µg/mL has better effect, especially the vitamin A of 1.00 µg/mL has the best effect. © 2021 Chinese Journal of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine Co., Ltd.. All rights reserved.
A lacto-ovo-vegetarian dietary pattern is protective against sarcopenic obesity: A cross-sectional study of elderly Chinese people; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate the correlation between dietary patterns and the risk of sarcopenic obesity (SO) in community-dwelling elderly people. Methods: SO was defined as the coexistence of sarcopenia and obesity. Participants with low skeletal muscle index, low muscle strength, or low physical performance were diagnosed with sarcopenia, whereas obesity was defined as waist circumference ≥85 cm in men and ≥80 cm in women. Dietary patterns were determined by principal component analysis. Multinomial logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate the relationship between dietary patterns and SO. Results: Among 3795 Chinese participants, 112 (3.0%) were diagnosed with SO. After adjustment for confounding variables, lacto-ovo-vegetarian dietary pattern was negatively associated with risk of SO. The odds ratio for SO was 0.79 (95% confidence interval, 0.65–0.97; P = 0.027) for the lacto-ovo-vegetarian dietary pattern, whereas meat-fish and junk food dietary patterns were not associated with the risk of SO. Conclusions: We suggest that older people should have a balanced daily diet such as a lacto-ovo-vegetarian dietary pattern to prevent the occurrence and progression of SO. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
The role and mechanism of amino acids in regulating hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism; Amino acids are essential nutrients for humans and have a wide range of biological functions. They are the constituent units of protein and energy metabolites. In addition, they are also widely involved in the maintenance and regulation of various physiological functions, and play a role in transcription, translation, post-translational modification and other levels. The liver is a key metabolic organ, and it acts as a hub that connects the metabolism of various tissues. Amino acid sensing plays a very important role in the regulation of hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism. Therefore, accurately sensing the levels of intracellular and extracellular amino acids is the key to maintaining cell homeostasis. There are several well-known amino acid sensors in eukaryotic cells, such as general control non-derepressible-2 (GCN2), mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and taste receptors, which play an important role in maintaining metabolic homeostasis. This article gives a detailed introduction to the role and mechanism of amino acids in regulating hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism, laying a foundation for further exploration of amino acid sensing mechanism and treatment of hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism disorders. © 2021 Science Press. All rights reserved.
The Lipocalin Apolipoprotein D Functional Portrait: A Systematic Review; Apolipoprotein D is a chordate gene early originated in the Lipocalin protein family. Among other features, regulation of its expression in a wide variety of disease conditions in humans, as apparently unrelated as neurodegeneration or breast cancer, have called for attention on this gene. Also, its presence in different tissues, from blood to brain, and different subcellular locations, from HDL lipoparticles to the interior of lysosomes or the surface of extracellular vesicles, poses an interesting challenge in deciphering its physiological function: Is ApoD a moonlighting protein, serving different roles in different cellular compartments, tissues, or organisms? Or does it have a unique biochemical mechanism of action that accounts for such apparently diverse roles in different physiological situations? To answer these questions, we have performed a systematic review of all primary publications where ApoD properties have been investigated in chordates. We conclude that ApoD ligand binding in the Lipocalin pocket, combined with an antioxidant activity performed at the rim of the pocket are properties sufficient to explain ApoD association with different lipid-based structures, where its physiological function is better described as lipid-management than by long-range lipid-transport. Controlling the redox state of these lipid structures in particular subcellular locations or extracellular structures, ApoD is able to modulate an enormous array of apparently diverse processes in the organism, both in health and disease. The new picture emerging from these data should help to put the physiological role of ApoD in new contexts and to inspire well-focused future research. © Copyright © 2021 Sanchez and Ganfornina.
Biguanides drugs: Past success stories and promising future for drug discovery; Biguanides have attracted much attention a century ago and showed resurgent interest in recent years after a long period of dormancy. They constitute an important class of therapeutic agents suitable for the treatment of a wide spectrum of diseases. Therapeutic indications of biguanides include antidiabetic, antimalarial, antiviral, antiplaque, and bactericidal applications. This review presents an extensive overview of the biological activity of biguanides and different mechanisms of action of currently marketed biguanide-containing drugs, as well as their pharmacological properties when applicable. We highlight the recent developments in research on biguanide compounds, with a primary focus on studies on metformin in the field of oncology. We aim to provide a critical overview of all main bioactive biguanide compounds and discuss future perspectives for the design of new drugs based on the biguanide fragment. © 2021
Probiotics and Vitamin D/Vitamin D Receptor Pathway Interaction: Potential Therapeutic Implications in Inflammatory Bowel Disease; Inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) are chronic conditions of unknown etiology and immunomediated pathogenesis. In the last years, the comprehension of the complex mechanisms involved in the intestinal mucosal homeostasis, and the analysis of the alterations potentially leading to inflammatory pathologic states, has consistently increased. Specifically, the extraordinary impulse in the field of research of the intestinal microbiome has opened the door to the investigation of possible novel approaches to the diagnosis, management and therapeutic applications in IBD. In line with that, administration of probiotic bacteria has been intensely evaluated, leading to much more exciting results in experimental models than in clinical practice. Considering the consistent heterogeneity of the available studies on probiotics, the increased knowledge of the properties of the single bacterial species would ideally lead to unravel potential mechanisms of action that may bring therapeutic applications in specific pathologic condition. Among the relevant molecular pathways for mucosal homeostasis maintenance, the vitamin D/vitamin D receptor (VDR) pathway has been intensely studied in the very last years. In fact, besides osteometabolic functions, the vitamin D exerts important homeostatic effects in the organism at multiple levels, such as immunomodulation, inflammation control, and microbiota regulation, which are likely to play a relevant role in intestinal mucosa protection. In the present review, recent findings about probiotic applications in IBD and mechanisms of action linking vitamin D/VDR pathway to IBD are reported. Available evidence for probiotic effect on vitamin D/VDR are reviewed and potential future application in IBD patients are discussed. At present, many aspects of IBD pathogenesis are still obscure, and current therapeutic options for IBD treatment are at best suboptimal. The increasing comprehension of the different pathways involved in IBD pathogenesis will lead to novel findings ideally leading to potential clinical applications. Microbiota manipulation and vitamin/VDR pathway appear a promising field for future research and therapeutic developments. Copyright © 2021 Pagnini, Di Paolo, Graziani and Delle Fave.
Comprehensive multi-omics approaches reveal the hepatotoxic mechanism of perfluorohexanoic acid (PFHxA) in mice; Perfluorohexanoic acid (PFHxA), one of the short-chain perfluoroalkyl acids (PFAAs), is considered as a substitute of perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS). This emerging organic pollutant is persistent and highly bioavailable to humans, raising concerns about its potential health risks. There are currently few researches on the toxicity of PFHxA. Liver has been suggested to be the main target of PFHxA toxicity, and the mechanism remains unclear. Herein, we investigated the transcriptomic, proteomic, and metabolomic landscape in PFHxA-exposed mice. Using these approaches, we identified several valuable biological processes involved in the process of liver injury, comprising fatty acid biosynthesis and degradation pathways, which might be induced by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling pathway. These processes further promoted oxidative stress and induced liver injury. Meanwhile, abnormalities in purine metabolism and glutathione metabolism were observed during the liver injury induced by PFHxA, indicating the production of oxidative stress. Finally, our present multi-omics studies provided new insights into the mechanisms involved in PFHxA-induced liver injury. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Exploring the evidence for epigenetic regulation of environmental influences on child health across generations; Environmental exposures, psychosocial stressors and nutrition are all potentially important influences that may impact health outcomes directly or via interactions with the genome or epigenome over generations. While there have been clear successes in large-scale human genetic studies in recent decades, there is still a substantial amount of missing heritability to be elucidated for complex childhood disorders. Mounting evidence, primarily in animals, suggests environmental exposures may generate or perpetuate altered health outcomes across one or more generations. One putative mechanism for these environmental health effects is via altered epigenetic regulation. This review highlights the current epidemiologic literature and supporting animal studies that describe intergenerational and transgenerational health effects of environmental exposures. Both maternal and paternal exposures and transmission patterns are considered, with attention paid to the attendant ethical, legal and social implications. © 2021, The Author(s).
Effects of Clostridium butyricum on growth performance, metabonomics and intestinal microbial differences of weaned piglets; Background: Weaning stress of piglets causes a huge economic loss to the pig industry. Balance and stability of the intestinal microenvironment is an effective way to reduce the occurance of stress during the weaning process. Clostridium butyricum, as a new microecological preparation, is resistant to high temperature, acid, bile salts and some antibiotics. The aim of present study is to investigate the effects of C. butyricum on the intestinal microbiota and their metabolites in weaned piglets. Results: There was no statistical significance in the growth performance and the incidence of diarrhoea among the weaned piglets treated with C. butyricum during 0–21 days experimental period. Analysis of 16S rRNA gene sequencing results showed that the operational taxonomic units (OTUs), abundance-based coverage estimator (ACE) and Chao index of the CB group were found to be significantly increased compared with the NC group (P < 0.05). Bacteroidetes, Firmicutes and Tenericutes were the predominant bacterial phyla in the weaned piglets. A marked increase in the relative abundance of Megasphaera, Ruminococcaceae_NK4A214_group and Prevotellaceae_UCG-003, along with a decreased relative abundance of Ruminococcaceae_UCG-005 was observed in the CB group, when compared with the NC group (P < 0.05). With the addition of C. butyricum, a total of twenty-two significantly altered metabolites were obtained in the feces of piglets. The integrated pathway analysis by MetaboAnalyst indicated that arginine and proline metabolism; valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis; and phenylalanine metabolism were the main three altered pathways, based on the topology. Furthermore, Spearman’s analysis revealed some altered gut microbiota genus such as Oscillospira, Ruminococcaceae_NK4A214_group, Megasphaera, Ruminococcaceae_UCG-005, Prevotella_2, Ruminococcaceae_UCG-002, Rikenellaceae_RC9_gut_group and Prevotellaceae_UCG-003 were associated with the alterations in the fecal metabolites (P < 0.05), indicating that C. butyricum presented a potential protective impact through gut microbiota. The intestinal metabolites changed by C. butyricum mainly involved the variation of citrulline, dicarboxylic acids, branched-chain amino acid and tryptophan metabolic pathways. Conclusions: Overall, this study strengthens the idea that the dietary C. butyricum treatment can significantly alter the intestinal microbiota and metabolite profiles of the weaned piglets, and C. butyricum can offer potential benefits for the gut health. © 2021, The Author(s).
Insulin sensitivity variations in apparently healthy Arab male subjects: Correlation with insulin and C peptide; Introduction Decreased insulin sensitivity occurs early in type 2 diabetes (T2D). T2D is highly prevalent in the Middle East and North Africa regions. This study assessed the variations in insulin sensitivity in normal apparently healthy subjects and the levels of adiponectin, adipsin and inflammatory markers. Research design and methods A total of 60 participants (aged 18-45, body mass index <28) with a normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) completed hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp (40 mU/m 2/min) and body composition test by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan. Blood samples were assayed for glucose, insulin, C peptide, inflammatory markers, oxidative stress markers, adiponectin and adipsin. Results The subjects showed wide variations in the whole-body glucose disposal rate (M value) from 2 to 20 mg/kg/min and were divided into three groups: most responsive (M>12 mg/kg/min, n=17), least responsive (M≤6 mg/kg/min, n=14) and intermediate responsive (M=6.1-12 mg/kg/min, n=29). Insulin and C peptide responses to OGTT were highest among the least insulin sensitive group. Triglycerides, cholesterol, alanine transaminase (ALT) and albumin levels were higher in the least responsive group compared with the other groups. Among the inflammatory markers, C reactive protein (CRP) was highest in the least sensitivity group compared with the other groups; however, there were no differences in the level of soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products and Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor Superfamily 1B (TNFRS1B). Plasma levels of insulin sensitivity markers, adiponectin and adipsin, and oxidative stress markers, oxidized low-density lipoprotein, total antioxidant capacity and glutathione peroxidase 1, were similar between the groups. Conclusions A wide range in insulin sensitivity and significant differences in triglycerides, cholesterol, ALT and CRP concentrations were observed despite the fact that the study subjects were homogenous in terms of age, gender and ethnic background, and all had normal screening comprehensive chemistry and normal glucose response to OGTT. The striking differences in insulin sensitivity reflect differences in genetic predisposition and/or environmental exposure. The low insulin sensitivity status associated with increased insulin level may represent an early stage of metabolic abnormality. ©
Blood Circulating Levels of Adipokines in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; A body of studies has examined the circulating concentration of adipokines including apelin, vapin, resistin, and chemerin in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients. However, their findings have been inconclusive. Therefore, we systematically reviewed available studies to illuminate the overall circulating concentration of adipokines in PCOS subjects. Cochrane’s Library, PubMed, Scopus, and ISI Web of Science databases were searched from the earliest available date up to April 2021 for relevant articles. The quality of each study was assessed by the Newcastle–Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. The pooled effect size was estimated based on the random effects model, and the standard mean differences (SMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were reported. A total of 88 studies met the inclusion criteria and were included in the current systematic review and meta-analysis. The results of the analysis showed that serum levels of vaspin (SMD 0.69; 95% CI, 0.22 to 1.17; P = 0.004; I2 = 90.6%), chemerin (SMD 1.87; 95% CI, 1.35 to 2.40; P < 0.001; I2 = 94.4%), and resistin (SMD 0.66; 95% CI, 0.41 to 0.91; P < 0.001; I2 = 92.6%) were significantly higher in the PCOS group compared to controls. However, there was no significant difference between the PCOS and control groups in relation to apelin levels (SMD − 0.17; 95% CI, − 1.06 to 0.73; P = 0.714; I2 = 97.8%). We found that serum levels of vaspin, chemerin, and resistin were significantly higher in PCOS subjects compared with controls. It seems that these adipokines can be measured as a useful marker to predict the development of PCOS. © 2021, Society for Reproductive Investigation.
Clinical Management of Hypertriglyceridemia in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Pancreatitis; Purpose of Review: Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is common and is a significant contributor to atherosclerosis and pancreatitis risk. Specific HTG treatments have had variable success in reducing atherosclerosis risk. Novel therapies for severe HTG treatment and pancreatitis risk reduction are likely to be available soon. These novel therapies are expected to have broader applications for more moderate HTG and atherosclerosis risk reduction as well. Recent Findings: NHANES 2012 data has confirmed a reduction in average triglyceride (TG) levels in the US population. Dietary modification and weight reduction when needed remain the core treatment elements for all individuals with HTG, while statin therapy is a foundational pharmacologic care for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) event risk reduction. In addition, the REDUCE-IT study provides evidence for additional benefit from the use of high-dose icosapent ethyl (IPE) on top of background medical therapy in adults with moderate HTG and ASCVD or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and additional ASCVD risk factors. However, treatment with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) combined with docosahexanoic acid (DHA) did not reduce ASCVD in a similar population studied in the STRENGTH trial. Furthermore, novel therapeutics targeting PPAR-ɑ, as well as ApoC-III and AngPTL3, effectively lower TG levels in individuals with moderate and severe HTG, respectively. These treatments may have applicability for reducing risk from ASCVD among individuals with chylomicronemia; in addition, ApoC-III and AngPTL3 treatments may have a role in treating individuals with the rare monogenic familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS) at risk for acute pancreatitis (AP). Summary: Residual ASCVD risk in individuals treated with contemporary care may be due in part to non-LDL lipid abnormalities including HTG. The findings from REDUCE-IT, but not STRENGTH, confirm that consumption of high-dose EPA may reduce ASCVD risk, while combination therapy of EPA plus DHA does not reduce ASCVD in a similar population. TG lowering likely reduces ASCVD risk in individuals with HTG, but ASCVD risk is multifactorial; the added benefit of IPE to contemporary preventive therapy is the consequence of differential non-TG biologic properties between the two fatty acids. Acute pancreatitis is more difficult to study prospectively since it is less common; however, TG lowering is likely critical for the care of at-risk individuals. Additional benefit from novel therapy that has an impact on this otherwise refractory condition is anticipated. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Reducing embryonic mtDNA copy number alters epigenetic profile of key hepatic lipolytic genes and causes abnormal lipid accumulation in adult mice; Adverse fetal environment, in particular a shortage or excess of nutrients, is associated with increased risks of metabolic diseases later in life. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying this developmental origin of adult diseases remain unclear. Here, we directly tested the role of mitochondrial stress in mediating fetal programming in mice by enzymatically depleting mtDNA in zygotes. mtDNA-targeted plasmid microinjection is used to reduce embryonic mtDNA copy number directly, followed by embryo transfer. Mice with reduced zygote mtDNA copy number were born morphologically normal and showed no accelerated body weight gain. However, at 5 months of age these mice showed markedly increased hepatic lipidosis and became glucose-intolerant. Hepatic mRNA and protein expressions of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α (Pparα), a key transcriptional regulator of lipid metabolism, were significantly decreased as a result of increased DNA methylation in its proximal regulatory region. These results indicate that perturbation of mitochondrial function around the periconceptional period causes hypermethylation and thus suppressed expression of PPARα in fetal liver, leading to impaired hepatic lipid metabolism. Our findings provide the first direct evidence that mitochondrial stress mediates epigenetic changes associated with fetal programming of adult diseases in a mammalian system. © 2021 Federation of European Biochemical Societies
Physical activity and adipokine levels in individuals with type 2 diabetes: A literature review and practical applications; We review the effects of acute and long-term physical activity on adipokine levels in individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Three electronic databases were searched. Studies made in animal models were excluded, while studies based on participants with and without T2D, and also studies with type 1 diabetes were included. Of the 2,450 citations, 63 trials, including randomised control trials, cross-sectional and longitudinal studies, met our inclusion criteria. Seventy and five percent of studies reported the effects of physical activity on tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFα), interleukin 6 (IL-6), adiponectin, visfatin, omentin-1, and leptin levels. There are no robust results due to variations in exercise modality, intensity, duration, and also differences in cohort characteristics in the literature. Only four studies described the effects of an acute session of physical activity on adipokine levels. Overall, physical activity improves diabetes status by regulating adipokine levels. However, long-term aerobic + resistance training combined with dietary modifications is likely to be a more effective strategy for improving adipokines profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Perspective: Moving Toward Desirable Linoleic Acid Content in Infant Formula; Infant formula should provide the appropriate nutrients and adequate energy to facilitate healthy infant growth and development. If conclusive data on quantitative nutrient requirements are not available, the composition of human milk (HM) can provide some initial guidance on the infant formula composition. This paper provides a narrative review of the current knowledge, unresolved questions, and future research needs in the area of HM fatty acid (FA) composition, with a particular focus on exploring appropriate intake levels of the essential FA linoleic acid (LA) in infant formula. The paper highlights a clear gap in clinical evidence as to the impact of LA levels in HM or formula on infant outcomes, such as growth, development, and long-term health. The available preclinical information suggests potential disadvantages of high LA intake in the early postnatal period. We recommend performing well-designed clinical intervention trials to create clarity on optimal levels of LA to achieve positive impacts on both short-term growth and development and long-term functional health outcomes.  © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
The biological and pharmacological connections between diabetes and various types of cancer; Diabetes and cancer incidence have risen tremendously over the years. Additionally, both cancer and diabetes share numerous risks, such as overweight, inactive lifestyles, older age, and smoking. Numerous methods have been suggested to connect obesity and diabetes to cancer advancements, such as increasing insulin/ Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1) signaling, lipid and glucose uptake and metabolism, shifts in the cytokine, chemokine, and adipokine profile also variations in the adipose tissue immediately adjacent to cancer spots. Diabetes has been found to have a complicated cancer-causing mechanism involving excessive reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, loss of critical macromolecules, chronic inflammation, and delayed repair, all of which contribute to carcinogenesis. Diabetes-associated epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and endothelial-to-mesenchymal transition lead to the formation of cancer-associated fibroblasts in tumors by enabling tumor cells to extravasate via the endothelium and epithelium. This study aims to describe the correlation between diabetes and cancer, as well as summarize the molecular connections and shared pathways such as sex hormones, hyperglycemia, inflammation, insulin axis, metabolic symbiosis, and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress that exist between them. © 2021 Elsevier GmbH
An optimal glycemic load range is better for reducing obesity and diabetes risk among middle-aged and elderly adults; Background: Due to the lack of evidence, advice pertaining to glycemic load (GL) can be misleading. Does the excessive restriction of GL, mostly through an extreme reduction in carbohydrate intake, result in a relatively high intake of fat and protein and result in overweight and obesity? This study was performed to initially explore the optimal GL range. Methods: A cross-sectional study involving 2029 participants aged 40 years or older in Guangzhou, China was conducted. Participants were divided into four groups according to cluster analysis. Dietary data were assessed using a previously validated 3-day food record. Results: Instead of participants with the highest [cluster 1, median (interquartile ranges) GL was 112(107–119)/1000 kcal] and the lowest GL intake [cluster 4, 90(82–96)/1000 kcal], those with moderate GL intakes [clusters 2 and 3, 93(85–102) and 93(85–99)/1000 kcal, respectively] had a lower prevalence of overweight, obesity and diabetes. In addition, clusters 2 and 3 were more consistent with the macronutrient intake reference with adequate micronutrient intake. Therefore, the optimal GL range was determined to be (85–100)/1000 kcal, rather than “lower is better”. Conclusions: Reducing the GL intake to prevent diabetes deserves more attention in the context of a balanced diet. An appropriate GL may be better than excessive restriction. © 2021, The Author(s).
The multifaceted role of mangiferin in health and diseases: a review; A wide range of natural products including, flavonoids have been studied for their therapeutic potential in different diseases. Mangiferin (2-c-b-d-glucopyranosyl 1,3,6,7-tetrahydroxyxanthone), a natural plant xanthonoid polyphenol present mainly in the leaves and bark of Mangifera indica exhibited therapeutic activities in the treatment of various illnesses. Mounting evidence suggested mangiferin as a potent compound having diverse pharmacological activities, including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, neuroprotective, cardioprotective, nephroprotective, hepatoprotective, anti-diabetic, anti-asthamtic, gastroprotective, immunomodulatory, anti-cancer, and hypocholesterolemic effects. Mangiferin can be considered powerful free radical scavenging activity along with multifaceted molecular targets, such as NF-ҡB, Nrf2-HO-1, PI3K/Akt, MAPK/TGF-β, SIRT-1, mTOR, AMPK, and PPARγ signaling pathways in different pathological conditions. The current review article presents an overview of major pharmacological actions and underlying pleotropic molecular mechanisms of mangiferin that have been reported in the recent literature that sheds the light on the potential of this phytoconstituent as intriguing therapeutic approach for the management of different pathological conditions. A narrative review of all the relevant papers published right from the first article on mangiferin to articles of 2020 was conducted and required data was extracted from selected papers. For the same pubmed, and other digital repository sites were explored. © 2020, Institute of Korean Medicine, Kyung Hee University.
Mitochondria in diabetic kidney disease; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the leading cause of end stage renal disease (ESRD) in the USA. The pathogenesis of DKD is multifactorial and involves activation of multiple signaling pathways with merging outcomes including thickening of the basement membrane, podocyte loss, mesangial expansion, tubular atrophy, and interstitial inflammation and fibrosis. The glomerulo-tubular balance and tubule-glomerular feedback support an increased glomerular filtration and tubular reabsorption, with the latter relying heavily on ATP and increasing the energy demand. There is evidence that alterations in mitochondrial bioenergetics in kidney cells lead to these pathologic changes and contribute to the progression of DKD towards ESRD. This review will focus on the dialogue between alterations in bioenergetics in glomerular and tubular cells and its role in the development of DKD. Alterations in energy substrate selection, electron transport chain, ATP generation, oxidative stress, redox status, protein posttranslational modifications, mitochondrial dynamics, and quality control will be discussed. Understanding the role of bioenergetics in the progression of diabetic DKD may provide novel therapeutic approaches to delay its progression to ESRD. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Deletion of the diabetes candidate gene Slc16a13 in mice attenuates diet-induced ectopic lipid accumulation and insulin resistance; Genome-wide association studies have identified SLC16A13 as a novel susceptibility gene for type 2 diabetes. The SLC16A13 gene encodes SLC16A13/MCT13, a member of the solute carrier 16 family of monocarboxylate transporters. Despite its potential importance to diabetes development, the physiological function of SLC16A13 is unknown. Here, we validate Slc16a13 as a lactate transporter expressed at the plasma membrane and report on the effect of Slc16a13 deletion in a mouse model. We show that Slc16a13 increases mitochondrial respiration in the liver, leading to reduced hepatic lipid accumulation and increased hepatic insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet fed Slc16a13 knockout mice. We propose a mechanism for improved hepatic insulin sensitivity in the context of Slc16a13 deficiency in which reduced intrahepatocellular lactate availability drives increased AMPK activation and increased mitochondrial respiration, while reducing hepatic lipid content. Slc16a13 deficiency thereby attenuates hepatic diacylglycerol-PKCε mediated insulin resistance in obese mice. Together, these data suggest that SLC16A13 is a potential target for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. © 2021, The Author(s).
PPAR control of metabolism and cardiovascular functions; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α (PPARα), PPARδ and PPARγ are transcription factors that regulate gene expression following ligand activation. PPARα increases cellular fatty acid uptake, esterification and trafficking, and regulates lipoprotein metabolism genes. PPARδ stimulates lipid and glucose utilization by increasing mitochondrial function and fatty acid desaturation pathways. By contrast, PPARγ promotes fatty acid uptake, triglyceride formation and storage in lipid droplets, thereby increasing insulin sensitivity and glucose metabolism. PPARs also exert antiatherogenic and anti-inflammatory effects on the vascular wall and immune cells. Clinically, PPARγ activation by glitazones and PPARα activation by fibrates reduce insulin resistance and dyslipidaemia, respectively. PPARs are also physiological master switches in the heart, steering cardiac energy metabolism in cardiomyocytes, thereby affecting pathological heart failure and diabetic cardiomyopathy. Novel PPAR agonists in clinical development are providing new opportunities in the management of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. © 2021, Springer Nature Limited.
Do perfluoroalkyl substances aggravate the occurrence of obesity-associated glucolipid metabolic disease?; Background: Since 2016, more and more studies have been conducted to explore the combination of obesity and perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) exposure, and the results indicate that PFASs may be connected with the occurrence of obesity-associated glucolipid metabolic disease (GLMD). Objectives: This article summarizes the epidemiological studies on PFASs and obesity-related GLMD, as well as relevant experimental evidence. Results: (i) Both obesity and PFASs exposure can cause disorder of glucose and lipid metabolism (GLM). (ii) Obesity is a pivotal factor in the high incidence of GLMD induce by PFASs. (iii) PFASs are aggravating the occurrence of obesity-associated GLMD [e.g., diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and liver disease]. Conclusion: The paper fills the gaps among environmental chemistry/epidemiology/toxicology area research. More importantly, PFASs should be taken into account to explain the high-prevalence of obesity-related GLMD. Future direction: Three research programs are proposed to explore the synergistic mechanism of PFASs and obesity. In addition, three suggestions are recommended to solve the harm of PFASs pollutants to human beings. © 2021
Therapeutic screening of herbal remedies for the management of diabetes; The study of diabetes mellitus (DM) patterns illustrates increasingly important facts. Most importantly, they include oxidative stress, inflammation, and cellular death. Up to now, there is a shortage of drug therapies for DM, and the discovery and the development of novel therapeutics for this disease are crucial. Medicinal plants are being used more and more as an alternative and natural cure for the disease. Consequently, the objective of this review was to examine the latest results on the effectiveness and protection of natural plants in the management of DM as adjuvant drugs for diabetes and its complex concomitant diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipose tissue function in healthy pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-eclampsia; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disorder of pregnancy with short- and long-term consequences for mother and baby. Pre-eclampsia is of major concern to obstetricians due to its sudden onset and increased morbidity and mortality for mother and baby. The incidence of these conditions continues to increase due to widespread maternal obesity. Maternal obesity is a risk factor for GDM and pre-eclampsia, yet our understanding of the role of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in their aetiology is very limited. In this article, available data on adipose tissue and adipocyte function in healthy and obese pregnancy and how these are altered in GDM and pre-eclampsia are reviewed. Using our understanding of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in non-pregnant populations, a role for underlying adipocyte dysfunction in the pathological pathways of these conditions is discussed. © 2021, The Author(s).
Epistemological Assumption: Understanding Protein Polysaccharide Complexes in Improving Diabetes Treatment; Embracing the philosophical condition of epistemology in research has led to identifying and understanding the meaning and nature of diabetes and the use of proteinpolysaccharides complexes in the treatment of diabetes. The research approach is purely qualitative; thereby, postmodern epistemological assumptions were made from the theory of knowledge on diabetes, its conditions and symptoms, effects, protein and polysaccharides characteristics. The research develops knowledge on using protein-polysaccharides obtained mainly from plant species like mushrooms and pumpkins generated from credible and valid knowledge connected from observable justification, beliefs and truths from scholarly material. In the process, knowledge has been created identifying that protein-polysaccharides complexes contain polysaccharides that have proven to possess hypoglycaemic activity that reduces hyperglycaemia leading to an increase in insulin secretion and reduction of blood glucose. © 2021, Visagaa Publishing House. All rights reserved.
Physical exercise potentially targets epicardial adipose tissue to reduce cardiovascular disease risk in patients with metabolic diseases: Oxidative stress and inflammation emerge as major therapeutic targets; Excess epicardial adiposity, within a state of obesity and metabolic syndrome, is emerging as an important risk factor for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Accordingly, increased epicardial fat thickness (EFT) implicates the exacerbation of pathological mechanisms involving oxidative stress and inflammation within the heart, which may accelerate the development of CVDs. This explains increased interest in targeting EFT reduction to attenuate the detrimental effects of oxidative stress and inflammation within the setting of metabolic syndrome. Here, we critically discuss clinical and preclinical evidence on the impact of physical exercise on EFT in correlation with reduced CVD risk within a setting of metabolic disease. This review also brings a unique perspective on the implications of oxidative stress and inflammation as major pathological consequences that link increased EFT to accelerated CVD risk in conditions of metabolic disease. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Heterogeneity of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Implications for clinical practice and research activity; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a heterogeneous condition with a wide spectrum of clinical presentations and natural history and disease severity. There is also substantial inter-individual variation and variable response to a different therapy. This heterogeneity of NAFLD is in turn influenced by various factors primarily demographic/dietary factors, metabolic status, gut microbiome, genetic predisposition together with epigenetic factors. The differential impact of these factors over a variable period of time influences the clinical phenotype and natural history. Failure to address heterogeneity partly explains the sub-optimal response to current and emerging therapies for fatty liver disease. Consequently, leading experts across the globe have recently suggested a change in nomenclature of NAFLD to metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) which can better reflect current knowledge of heterogeneity and does not exclude concomitant factors for fatty liver disease (e.g. alcohol, viral hepatitis, etc.). Precise identification of disease phenotypes is likely to facilitate clinical trial recruitment and expedite translational research for the development of novel and effective therapies for NAFLD/MAFLD. © 2021. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Cross-fostering selectively bred High Runner mice affects adult body mass but not voluntary exercise; While nursing, mammals progress through critical developmental periods for the cardiovascular, musculoskeletal, and central nervous systems. The suckling period in mammals is therefore especially vulnerable to environmental factors that may affect the “developmental programming” of many complex traits. As a result, various aspects of maternal behavior and physiology can influence offspring in ways that have lasting effects into adulthood. Several recent studies of animal models have shown that maternal effects can partially program adult activity behaviors, which has important implications for health and locomotor performance. Here, we used cross-fostering to test for possible maternal effects on adult wheel-running behavior (voluntary exercise), maximal aerobic capacity during forced exercise (VO2max), body mass and composition, and organ masses. Subjects were from a line of mice that has been selectively bred for ∼90 generations for high voluntary wheel-running behavior (High Runner; HR) and a non-selected Control (C) line. Adult HR mice run ∼3-fold the daily distances of C mice and have evolved other differences associated with exercise capacity, including elevated VO2max, reduced body mass and fat mass, and larger hearts. At birth, we fostered offspring to create 4 experimental groups: C pups to other C dams (in-foster), HR pups to other HR dams (in-foster), C pups to HR dams (cross-foster), HR pups to C dams (cross-foster). Thus, all pups were fostered to a different mother. Mice were weaned 3 weeks later, and adult testing began at ∼6 weeks of age. At weaning, pups raised by HR dams were smaller than those raised by C dams for both sexes and as expected, HR pups raised by HR dams weighed less than C pups raised by C dams. As adults, mice raised by HR dams continued to have reduced body masses. As expected, adult HR mice ran approximately 3-fold more than their C counterparts and females ran more than males. However, cross-fostering did not statistically affect any aspect of wheel-running behavior (distance, duration, speed). Similarly, with body mass as a covariate, HR mice had higher VO2max than C mice, and males had higher VO2max than females, but cross-fostering had no effect. With body mass as a covariate, cross-fostering had variable effects on adult organ masses in a sex-specific manner. Overall, our results indicate that development of the adult High Runner phenotype does not require rearing by an HR dam, suggesting that high adult activity in humans may be independent of high maternal activity. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Iron metabolism in pancreatic beta-cell function and dysfunction; Iron is an essential element involved in a variety of physiological functions. In the pancreatic beta-cells, being part of Fe-S cluster proteins, it is necessary for the correct insulin synthesis and processing. In the mitochondria, as a component of the respiratory chain, it allows the production of ATP and reactive oxygen species (ROS) that trigger beta-cell depolarization and potentiate the calcium-dependent insulin release. Iron cellular content must be finely tuned to ensure the normal supply but also to prevent overloading. Indeed, due to the high reactivity with oxygen and the formation of free radicals, iron excess may cause oxidative damage of cells that are extremely vulnerable to this condition because the normal elevated ROS production and the paucity in antioxidant enzyme ac-tivities. The aim of the present review is to provide insights into the mechanisms responsible for iron homeostasis in beta-cells, describing how alteration of these processes has been related to beta-cell damage and failure. Defects in iron-storing or-chaperoning proteins have been detected in diabetic conditions; therefore, the control of iron metabolism in these cells deserves further investigation as a promising target for the development of new disease treatments. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Short-chain fatty acids as modulators of redox signaling in health and disease; Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), produced by colonic bacteria and obtained from the diet, have been linked to beneficial effects on human health associated with their metabolic and signaling properties. Their physiological functions are related to their aliphatic tail length and dependent on the activation of specific membrane receptors. In this review, we focus on the mechanisms underlying SCFAs mediated protection against oxidative and mitochondrial stress and their role in regulating metabolic pathways in specific tissues. We critically evaluate the evidence for their cytoprotective roles in suppressing inflammation and carcinogenesis and the consequences of aging. The ability of these natural compounds to induce signaling pathways, involving nuclear erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), contributes to the maintenance of redox homeostasis under physiological conditions. SCFAs may thus serve as nutritional and therapeutic agents in healthy aging and in vascular and other diseases such as diabetes, neuropathologies and cancer. © 2021
Elevated levels of urine isocitrate, hydroxymethylglutarate, and formiminoglutamate are associated with arterial stiffness in Korean adults; Recent evidence suggests that cellular perturbations play an important role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases. Therefore, we analyzed the association between the levels of urinary metabolites and arterial stiffness. Our cross-sectional study included 330 Korean men and women. The brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity was measured as a marker of arterial stiffness. Urinary metabolites were evaluated using a high-performance liquid chromatograph-mass spectrometer. The brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity was found to be positively correlated with l-lactate, citrate, isocitrate, succinate, malate, hydroxymethylglutarate, α-ketoisovalerate, α-keto-β-methylvalerate, methylmalonate, and formiminoglutamate among men. Whereas, among women, the brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity was positively correlated with cis-aconitate, isocitrate, hydroxymethylglutarate, and formiminoglutamate. In the multivariable regression models adjusted for conventional cardiovascular risk factors, three metabolite concentrations (urine isocitrate, hydroxymethylglutarate, and formiminoglutamate) were independently and positively associated with brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity. Increased urine isocitrate, hydroxymethylglutarate, and formiminoglutamate concentrations were associated with brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity and independent of conventional cardiovascular risk factors. Our findings suggest that metabolic disturbances in cells may be related to arterial stiffness. © 2021, The Author(s).
Lipid Traffic Analysis reveals the impact of high paternal carbohydrate intake on offsprings’ lipid metabolism; In this paper we present an investigation of parental-diet-driven metabolic programming in offspring using a novel computational network analysis tool. The impact of high paternal carbohydrate intake on offsprings’ phospholipid and triglyceride metabolism in F1 and F2 generations is described. Detailed lipid profiles were acquired from F1 neonate (3 weeks), F1 adult (16 weeks) and F2 neonate offspring in serum, liver, brain, heart and abdominal adipose tissues by MS and NMR. Using a purpose-built computational tool for analysing both phospholipid and fat metabolism as a network, we characterised the number, type and abundance of lipid variables in and between tissues (Lipid Traffic Analysis), finding a variety of reprogrammings associated with paternal diet. These results are important because they describe the long-term metabolic result of dietary intake by fathers. This analytical approach is important because it offers unparalleled insight into possible mechanisms for alterations in lipid metabolism throughout organisms. © 2021, The Author(s).
Emerging trends and focus of human gastrointestinal microbiome research from 2010–2021: a visualized study; Background: The gastrointestinal microbiome is an important component of the human body and is closely related to human health and disease. This study describes the hotspots of the human gastrointestinal microbiome research and its evolution in the past decade, evaluates the scientific cooperation network, and finally predicts the field’s future development trend using bibliometric analysis and a visualized study. Methods: We searched the original articles from January 2010 to February 2021 in the Scopus database using the term “gastrointestinal microbiome” and its synonyms. CiteSpace was used to construct country and author co-occurrence map; conduct journal, citation cocitation analysis, and reference co-citation knowledge map; and form a keywords co-occurrence map, a clustering knowledge map, timeline view of keywords, and burst term map. Result: A total of 4444 documents published from January 2010 to February 2021 were analysed. In approximately the past decade, the number of articles on the human gastrointestinal microbiome has increased rapidly, and the research topics focus on different populations, research methods, and detection methods. All countries and regions in the world, led by the US, are studying the human gastrointestinal microbiome, and many research teams with close cooperation have been formed. The research has been published extensively in microbiology journals and clinical medicine journals, and the highly cited articles mainly describe the relationship between gastrointestinal microorganisms and human health and disease. Regarding the research emphasis, researchers' exploration of the human gastrointestinal microbiome (2011–2013) was at a relatively macro and superficial stage and sought to determine how the gastrointestinal microbiome relates to humans. From 2014 to 2017, increasingly more studies were conducted to determine the interaction between human gastrointestinal flora and various organs and systems. In addition, researchers (2018–2021) focused on the gastrointestinal microbial community and the diversity of certain types of microbes. Conclusion: Over time, the scope of the research on the clinical uses of the gastrointestinal microbiome gradually increased, and the contents were gradually deepened and developed towards a more precise level. The study of the human gastrointestinal microbiome is an ongoing research hotspot and contributes to human health. © 2021, The Author(s).
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of genistein in prevention and treatment of diseases: An overview; Genistein is the simplest secondary metabolite in soybeans and belongs to a group of compounds called isoflavones. It is a phytoestrogen and it makes up more than 60% of soy isoflavones. Studies have shown the anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptotic, and anti-angiogenic effects of genistein in addition to its modulatory effects on steroidal hormone receptors. In this review, we discuss the pharmacologic and therapeutic effects of genistein on various diseases. Practical applications: In this review, we have discussed the therapeutic effects of genistein as the main constituent of soybeans on health conditions. Its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptotic and, anti-angiogenic effects need more attention. The pharmacological properties of genistein make this natural isoflavone a potential treatment for various diseases such as postmenopausal symptoms, cancer, bone, brain, and heart diseases. Special emphasis should be given to it, resulting in using it in clinical as a safe, potent, and bioactive molecule. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
First case of an invasive Bacteroides dorei infection detected in a patient with a mycotic aortic aneurysm—raising a rebellion of major indigenous bacteria in humans: a case report and review; Background: Bacteroides dorei is an anaerobic gram-negative bacterium first described in 2006. Because of the high similarity in mass spectra between B. dorei and Bacteroides vulgatus, discriminating between these species is arduous in clinical practice. In recent decades, 16S rRNA gene sequencing has been a complementary method for distinguishing taxonomically close bacteria, including B. dorei and B. vulgatus, at the genus and species levels. Consequently, B. dorei has been shown to contribute to some diseases, including type 1 autoimmune diabetes mellitus and atherosclerotic diseases. However, there are no reports on invasive infectious diseases caused by B. dorei. This report describes the first case of direct invasion and colonisation of human tissue by B. dorei, thus providing a warning regarding the previously proposed application of B. dorei as a live biotherapeutic for atherosclerotic diseases. Case presentation: A 78-year-old Japanese man complained of intermittent chest/back pain and was diagnosed with a mycotic thoracic aortic aneurysm by enhanced computed tomography on admission. Despite strict blood pressure control and empirical antibiotic therapy, the patient’s condition worsened. To prevent aneurysmal rupture and eliminate infectious foci, the patient underwent surgical treatment. The resected specimen was subjected to tissue culture and 16S rRNA gene sequencing analysis to identify pathogenic bacteria. A few days after the surgery, culture and sequencing results revealed that the pathogen was B. dorei/B. vulgatus and B. dorei, respectively. The patient was successfully treated with appropriate antibacterial therapy and after improvement, was transferred to another hospital for rehabilitation on postoperative day 34. There was no recurrence of infection or aneurysm after the patient transfer. Conclusions: This report describes the first case of invasive infectious disease caused by B. dorei, casting a shadow over its utilisation as a probiotic for atherosclerotic diseases. © 2021, The Author(s).
Aberrant dna methylation mediates the transgenerational risk of metabolic and chronic disease due to maternal obesity and overnutrition; Maternal obesity is a rapidly evolving universal epidemic leading to acute and long-term medical and obstetric health issues, including increased maternal risks of gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and the future risks for offspring’s predisposition to metabolic diseases. Epigenetic modification, in particular DNA methylation, represents a mechanism whereby environmental effects impact on the phenotypic expression of human disease. Maternal obesity or overnutrition contributes to the alterations in DNA methylation during early life which, through fetal programming, can predispose the offspring to many metabolic and chronic diseases, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. This review aims to summarize findings from human and animal studies, which support the role of maternal obesity in fetal programing and the potential benefit of altering DNA methylation to limit maternal obesity related disease in the offspring. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Evaluation of salusin-α and salusin-β levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and determination of the impact of severity of hyperglycemia on salusin levels; Aims: To investigate the usefulness of salusin-α and salusin-β as biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and to determine whether diabetes severity and obesity have an effect on the salusin levels in diabetic patients. Methods: The study included a total of 90 patients, comprising 55 diagnosed with T2DM and 35 healthy volunteers with similar demographic characteristics. Salusins were assayed by a commercially available ELISA kit. Results: The salusin-β levels were found to be significantly higher in T2DM group compared to control group, while the salusin-α levels were lower (p < 0.05, for both). Furthermore, in patient group, Spearman analysis showed a statistically significant negative correlation between salusin-α and fasting glucose and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), whereas salusin-β had a statistically significant positive correlation with fasting glucose and HbA1c (p < 0.05, for both). When analyzed according to the HbA1c groups, the patients with HbA1c > 9% had significantly lower salusin-α and higher salusin-β levels levels compared to those with HbA1c < 9% (p < 0.05, for both). When examined according to body-mass-index groups, there was no significant difference in the salusin levels of the patient and control groups (p > 0.05). Conclusion: We demonstrated that the serum salusin-α level was decreased whereas the salusin-β level was increased in patients with T2DM compared to healthy subjects, and this was more pronounced as T2DM-deteriorated. We also showed that obesity had no effect on salusin levels among diabetics. This study may provide a basis for the availability of salusin-targeted therapies, especially in uncontrolled T2DM. © 2021, Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland.
The parathyroid hormone-related protein/parathyroid hormone 1 receptor axis in adipose tissue; Adipose tissue is an organ that shows great plasticity and is able to adapt to the conditions to which the body is subdued. It participates in the regulation of energetic homeostasis and has endocrine functions. Recent studies have shown how the parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP)/Parathyroid Hormone Receptor 1 (PTH1R) axis participates in the regulation of adipogen-esis, opposing the action of Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ). In addition to this, PTHrP is overexpressed in adipose tissue in situations of wear and tear of the body, favoring browning and lipolysis in this tissue. It is also overexpressed in adipose tissue in stressful situations but in the opposite direction, in obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). In conclusion, the PTHrP/PTH1R axis has a main role in adipose tissue, participating in its differentiation and remodeling. PTHrP might be used in obesity treatment and its complications for its ability to reprogram adipogenesis and adipose tissue expan-sion, WAT browning and for the improvement of the insulin sensitivity. In addition, PTHrP could even be used as a marker of placental status and maternal adaptations to prevent future metabolic problems in mothers and children, as well as in the treatment of bone-related diseases such as oste-oporosis. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Current understanding of autophagy in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease during pregnancy. Manifested with pruritus and elevation in bile acids, the etiology of ICP is still poorly understood. Although ICP is considered relatively benign for the mother, increased rates of adverse fetal outcomes including sudden fetal demise are possible devastating outcomes associated with ICP. Limited understanding of the underlying mechanisms restricted treatment options and managements of ICP. In recent decades, evolving evidence indicated the significance of autophagy in pregnancy and pregnancy complications. Autophagy is an ancient self-defense mechanism which is essential for cell survival, differentiation and development. Autophagy has pivotal roles in embryogenesis, implantation, and maintenance of pregnancy, and is involved in the orchestration of diverse physiological and pathological cellular responses in patients with pregnancy complications. Recent advances in these research fields provide tantalizing targets on autophagy to improve the care of pregnant women. This review summarizes recent advances in understanding autophagy in ICP and its possible roles in the causation and prevention of ICP. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Phytochemical diversity behind health-promoting effects of traditional Mediterranean foods; A healthy diet can reduce the risk of non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease and some types of cancer. In general, a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grain cereals, legumes, and nuts, in which products of animal origin are limited, according to the model of the Mediterranean diet, can help prevent the onset of chronic degenerative diseases, together with other lifestyles. This narrative review presents the most representative classes of bioactive phytochemicals and the main Mediterranean foods in which they are present, providing evidence in humans of their health-promoting effects. © FFC 2021.
Association of Maternal Dietary Patterns With Birth Weight and the Mediation of Gestational Weight Gain: A Prospective Birth Cohort; The associations among maternal diet, birth weight, and gestational weight gain are still inconclusive. This study aimed to investigate the associations between maternal dietary patterns and birth weight, and further explore whether GWG mediates these associations. A total of 3,334 pregnant women who completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort were included. Dietary patterns were extracted by using principal component analysis. Regression models and mediation analyses were performed to explore the associations between dietary patterns and birth weight and the effects of GWG on these associations. Five dietary patterns were identified: “Beans-vegetables,” “Fish-meat-eggs,” “Nuts-whole grains,” “Organ-poultry-seafood” and “Rice-wheat-fruits.” Only women following the “Beans-vegetables” pattern had heavier newborns (β = 47.39; 95% CI: 12.25, 82.54). Women following the “Beans-vegetables” pattern had significantly lower GWG (β = −0.7; 95% CI: −1.15, −0.25) and had a 16% lower risk of excessive GWG and 11% higher odd of adequate GWG. The association between the “Beans-vegetables” pattern and birth weight was negatively mediated by GWG. A dietary pattern enriched in beans and vegetables is beneficial for effectively controlling GWG and increasing birth weight. GWG serves. Clinical Trial Registry: This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03099837). Copyright © 2021 Li, Zhou, Zhang, Zhong, Huang, Chen, Chen, Wu, Li, Sun, Yin, Xiong, Hao, Yang and Yang.
The Relationship Between Air Pollution and Gestational Diabetes Incidence: A Systematic Review; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications occurring during pregnancy. This disorder is associated with adverse outcomes for mothers and their infants. Air pollution is one of the environmental stimuli that may predispose pregnant women to GDM. This systematic review examined studies on the relationship between air pollution and GDM incidence. Materials and Methods: In this systematic review, the PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases, as well as Persian databases of SID, Irandoc, and Magiran, were searched for related English and Persian articles using appropriate keywords until September 11, 2021. Out of 36175 related articles in the initial search, 31 eligible studies were evaluated. The quality of the articles was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Results: The review included 29 cohort studies, a case-control study, and a cross-sectional study. The quality assessment results showed that of the 31 studies selected, 29 (93.5%) were high quality studies, and only two (6.5%) were moderate quality studies. PM2.5 pollutants followed by NO2 pollutants were the most examined in the studies. Conclusion: The results showed a direct relationship between air pollutants and GDM. The systematic review of the studies revealed that inflammation, oxidative stress, β-cell dysfunction, neurological, hormonal imbalance, intestinal microbiota imbalance, and insulin resistance may be involved in the association between air pollution and GDM. © 2021, Research Institute for Endocrine Sciences. All rights reserved.
Newly discovered endocrine functions of the liver; The liver, the largest solid visceral organ of the body, has numerous endocrine functions, such as direct hormone and hepatokine production, hormone metabolism, synthesis of binding proteins, and processing and redistribution of metabolic fuels. In the last 10 years, many new endocrine functions of the liver have been discovered. Advances in the classical endocrine functions include delineation of mechanisms of liver production of endocrine hormones [including 25-hydroxyvitamin D, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), and angiotensinogen], hepatic metabolism of hormones (including thyroid hormones, glucagon-like peptide-1, and steroid hormones), and actions of specific binding proteins to glucocorticoids, sex steroids, and thyroid hormones. These studies have furthered insight into cirrhosis-associated endocrinopathies, such as hypogonadism, osteoporosis, IGF-1 deficiency, vitamin D deficiency, alterations in glucose and lipid homeostasis, and controversially relative adrenal insufficiency. Several novel endocrine functions of the liver have also been unraveled, elucidating the liver’s key negative feedback regulatory role in the pancreatic α cell-liver axis, which regulates pancreatic α cell mass, glucagon secretion, and circulating amino acid levels. Betatrophin and other hepatokines, such as fetuin-A and fibroblast growth factor 21, have also been discovered to play important endocrine roles in modulating insulin sensitivity, lipid metabolism, and body weight. It is expected that more endocrine functions of the liver will be revealed in the near future. © 2021. The Author(s) Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Transcriptome analysis reveals disruption of circadian rhythms in late gestation dairy cows may increase risk for fatty liver and reduced mammary remodeling; Circadian disruption increased insulin resistance and decreased mammary development in late gestation, nonlactating (dry) cows. The objective was to measure the effect of circadian disruption on transcriptomes of the liver and mammary gland. At 35 days before expected calving (BEC), multiparous dry cows were assigned to either control (CON) or phase-shifted treatments (PS). CON was exposed to 16-h light and 8-h dark. PS was exposed to 16-h light to 8-h dark, but phase of the light-dark cycle was shifted 6 h every 3 days. On day 21 BEC, liver and mammary were biopsied. RNA was isolated (n = 6 CON, n = 6 PS per tis-sue), and libraries were prepared and sequenced using paired-end reads. Reads mapping to bovine genome averaged 27 ± 2 million and aligned to 14,222 protein-coding genes in liver and 15,480 in mammary analysis. In the liver, 834 genes, and in the mammary gland, 862 genes were different (nominal P < 0.05) between PS and CON. In the liver, genes upregulated in PS functioned in cholesterol biosynthesis, endoplasmic reticulum stress, wound healing, and inflammation. Genes downregulated in liver function in cholesterol efflux. In the mammary gland, genes upregulated functioned in mRNA processing and transcription and downregulated genes encoded extracellular matrix proteins and proteases, cathepsins and lysosomal proteases, lipid transport-ers, and regulated oxidative phosphorylation. Increased cholesterol synthesis and decreased efflux suggest that circadian disruption potentially increases the risk of fatty liver in cows. Decreased remodeling and lipid transport in mammary may decrease milk production capacity during lactation. © 2021 the American Physiological Society.
Milk odd and branched chain fatty acids in dairy cows: A review on dietary factors and its consequences on human health; This review highlights the importance of odd and branched chain fatty acids (OBCFAs) and dietary factors that may affect the content of milk OBCFAs in dairy cows. Historically, OBCFAs in cow milk had little significance due to their low concentrations compared to other milk fatty acids (FAs). The primary source of OBCFAs is ruminal bacteria. In general, FAs and OBCFAs profile in milk is mainly affected by dietary FAs and FAs metabolism in the rumen. Additionally, lipid mobilization in the body and FAs metabolism in mammary glands affect the milk OBCFAs profile. In cows, supplementation with fat rich in linoleic acid and α-linolenic acid decrease milk OBCFAs content, whereas supplementation with marine algae or fish oil increase milk OBCFAs content. Feeding more forage rather than concentrate increases the yield of some OBCFAs in milk. A high grass silage rate in the diet may increase milk total OBCFAs. In contrast to saturated FAs, OBCFAs have beneficial effects on cardiovascular diseases and type II diabetes. Furthermore, OBCFAs may have anti-cancer properties and prevent Alzheimer’s disease and metabolic syndrome. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Could vitamin D be effective in prevention of preeclampsia?; Prevention of preeclampsia (PE) remains one of the most significant problems in perinatal medicine. Due to the possible unpredictable course of hypertension in pregnancy, primarily PE and the high complication rate for the mother and fetus/newborn, it is urgent to offer pregnant women in high-risk groups effective methods of preventing the PE development or delaying its appearance. In addition, due to the association of PE with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in later life, effective preeclampsia prevention could also be important in reducing their incidence. Ideal PE prophylaxis should target the pathogenetic changes leading to the development of PE and be safe for the mother and fetus, inexpensive and freely available. Currently, the only recognized method of PE prevention recommended by many institutions around the world is the use of a small dose of acetylsalicylic acid in pregnant women with risk factors. Unfortunately, some cases of PE are diagnosed in women without recognized risk factors and in those in whom prophylaxis with acetylsalicylic acid is not adequate. Hence, new drugs which would target pathogenetic elements in the development of preeclampsia are studied. Vitamin D (Vit D) seems to be a promising agent due to its beneficial effect on placental implantation, the immune system, and angiogenic factors. Studies published so far emphasize the relationship of its deficiency with the development of PE, but the data on the benefits of its supplementation to reduce the risk of PE are inconclusive. In the light of current research, the key issue is determining the protective concentration of Vit D in a pregnant woman. The study aims to present the possibility of using Vit D to prevent PE, emphasizing its impact on the pathogenetic elements of preeclampsia development. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Impact of Bacillus in fermented soybean foods on human health; Purpose: Fermented soybean foods (FSF) is popularly consumed in the South-East Asian countries. Bacillus species, a predominant microorganism present in these foods, have demonstrated beneficial and deleterious impacts on human health. These microorganisms produce bioactive compounds during fermentation that have beneficial impacts in improving human health. However, the health risks associated with FSF, food pathogens, biogenic amines (BAs) production, and late-onset anaphylaxis, remain a concern. The purpose of this review is to present an in-depth analysis of positive and negative impacts as a result of consumption of FSF along with the measures to alleviate health risks for human consumption. Methods: This review was composed by scrutinizing contemporary literature of peer-reviewed publications related to Bacillus and FSF. Based on the results from academic journals, this review paper was categorized into FSF, role of Bacillus species in these foods, process of fermentation, beneficial, and adverse influence of these foods along with methods to improve food safety. Special emphasis was given to the potential benefits of bioactive compounds released during fermentation of soybean by Bacillus species. Results: The nutritional and functional properties of FSF are well-appreciated, due to the release of peptides and mucilage, which have shown health benefits: in managing cardiac disease, gastric disease, cancer, allergies, hepatic disease, obesity, immune disorders, and especially microbial infections due to the presence of probiotic property, which is a potential alternative to antibiotics. Efficient interventions were established to mitigate pitfalls like the techniques to reduce BAs and food pathogens and by using a defined starter culture to improve the safety and quality of these foods. Conclusion: Despite some of the detrimental effects produced by these foods, potential health benefits have been observed. Therefore, soybean foods fermented by Bacillus can be a promising food by integrating effective measures for maintaining safety and quality for human consumption. Further, in vivo analysis on the activity and dietary interventions of bioactive compounds among animal models and human volunteers are yet to be achieved which is essential to commercialize them for safe consumption by humans, especially immunocompromised patients. © 2021, The Author(s).
Obesity-induced changes in human islet G protein-coupled receptor expression: Implications for metabolic regulation; G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are a large family of cell surface receptors that are the targets for many different classes of pharmacotherapy. The islets of Langerhans are central to appropriate glucose homeostasis through their secretion of insulin, and islet function can be modified by ligands acting at the large number of GPCRs that islets express. The human islet GPCRome is not a static entity, but one that is altered under pathophysiological conditions and, in this review, we have compared expression of GPCR mRNAs in human islets obtained from normal weight range donors, and those with a weight range classified as obese. We have also considered the likely outcomes on islet function that the altered GPCR expression status confers and the possible impact that adipokines, secreted from expanded fat depots, could have at those GPCRs showing altered expression in obesity. © 2021 The Authors
Transcriptome analysis to reveal the mechanism of the effect of Echinops latifolius polysaccharide B on palmitate-induced insulin-resistant; Hepatic insulin resistance is a crucial pathological process in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) associated with visceral adiposity and metabolic disorders. Echinops latifolius polysaccharide B (ETPB), a polysaccharide extracted from Echinops latifolius Tausch, increases insulin sensitivity in the high-fat diet-fed and STZ induced SD rat model and even prevented hepatic metabolic disorders. However, the mechanism by which ETPB improves carbohydrate and lipid metabolisms in the liver with insulin resistance remains largely unknown. In the present work, an lnsulin resistance cell model (IR-HepG2) was established. Glucose consumption, glycogen content, triglycerides (TG), and free fatty acids (FFAs) levels were detected. The result revealed that the intervention of ETPB significantly increased glucose consumption and glycogen synthesis and reduced FFAs and TG production in IR-HepG2 cells. Further, we also employed RNA-seq to identify differentially expressed miRNAs (DEMs) and mRNAs (DEGs) with a fold change of ≥ 1.5 and p-value of <0.05. Finally, we identified 1028, 682, 382, 1614, 519 and 825 DEGs, and 71, 113, 94, 68, 52 and 38 DEMs in different comparisons, respectively. Based on a short time-series expression miner (STEM) analysis, six profiles were chosen for further analysis. Seventeen insulin resistance-associated dynamic DEGs were identified during ETPB stimulation. Based on these dynamic DEGs, the related miRNAs were acquired from DEMs, and an integrated miRNA-mRNA regulatory network was subsequently constructed. Besides, some DEGs and DEMs were validated using qPCR. This study provides transcriptomic evidence of the molecular mechanism involved in HepG2 insulin resistance, leading to the discovery of miRNA-based target therapies for ETPB. © 2021 The Authors
Brain-restricted inhibition of il-6 trans-signaling mildly affects metabolic consequences of maternal obesity in male offspring; Maternal obesity greatly affects next generations, elevating obesity risk in the offspring through perinatal programming and flawed maternal and newborn nutrition. The exact underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. Interleukin-6 (IL-6) mediates its effects through a membrane-bound receptor or by trans-signaling (tS), which can be inhibited by the soluble form of the co-receptor gp130 (sgp130). As IL-6 tS mediates western-style diet (WSD) effects via chronic low-grade inflammation (LGI) and LGI is an important mediator in brain–adipose tissue communication, this study aims at determining the effects of maternal obesity in a transgenic mouse model of brain-restricted IL-6tS inhibition (GFAPsgp130 ) on offspring’s short-and long-term body composition and epigonadal white adipose tissue (egWAT) metabolism. Female wild type (WT) or transgenic mice were fed either standard diet (SD) or WSD pregestationally, during gestation, and lactation. Male offspring received SD from postnatal day (P)21 to P56 and were metabolically challenged with WSD from P56 to P120. At P21, offspring from WT and transgenic dams that were fed WSD displayed increased body weight and egWAT mass, while glucose tolerance testing showed the strongest im-pairment inGFAPsgp130WSD offspring. Simultaneously, egWAT proteome reveals a characteristic eg-WAT expression pattern in offspring as a result of maternal conditions. IL-6tS inhibition in trans-genic mice was in tendency associated with lower body weight in dams on SD and their respective offspring but blunted by the WSD. In conclusion, maternal nutrition affects offspring’s body weight and egWAT metabolism predominantly independent of IL-6tS inhibition, emphasizing the importance of maternal and newborn nutrition for long-term offspring health. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Decrypting the potential role of α-lipoic acid in Alzheimer's disease; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is one of the most prevalent neurodegenerative diseases with motor disturbances, cognitive decline, and behavioral impairment. It is characterized by the extracellular aggregation of amyloid-β plaques and the intracellular accumulation of tau protein. AD patients show a cognitive decline, which has been associated with oxidative stress, as well as mitochondrial dysfunction. Alpha-lipoic acid (α-LA), a natural antioxidant present in food and used as a dietary supplement, has been considered a promising agent for the prevention or treatment of neurodegenerative disorders. Despite multiple preclinical studies indicating beneficial effects of α-LA in memory functioning, and pointing to its neuroprotective effects, to date only a few studies have examined its effects in humans. Studies performed in animal models of memory loss associated with aging and AD have shown that α-LA improves memory in a variety of behavioral paradigms. Furthermore, molecular mechanisms underlying α-LA effects have also been investigated. Accordingly, α-LA shows antioxidant, antiapoptotic, anti-inflammatory, glioprotective, metal chelating properties in both in vivo and in vitro studies. In addition, it has been shown that α-LA reverses age-associated loss of neurotransmitters and their receptors. The review article aimed at summarizing and discussing the main studies investigating the neuroprotective effects of α-LA on cognition as well as its molecular effects, to improve the understanding of the therapeutic potential of α-LA in patients suffering from neurodegenerative disorders, supporting the development of clinical trials with α-LA. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Naringenin alleviates cisplatin induced muscle atrophy by regulating RIPK1/AMPK/NF-κB pathway; Cisplatin (DDP) is a commonly used chemotherapy drug, but DDP can cause skeletal muscle atrophy and cachexia. This study combined the DDP-induced C2C12 myotube atrophy model and the LLC tumour-bearing mouse cachexia model under DDP treatment to explore the effect and mechanism of naringenin (NAR) in alleviating skeletal muscle atrophy and cachexia. NAR alleviated the decreases in body weight, food intake, muscle, adipose tissue and kidney weight and forelimb grip strength in LLC tumour-bearing mice under DDP treatment and reduced the serum level of TNF-α. High dose NAR also enhanced the antitumour effect of DDP. NAR can prevent the cross-sectional area reduction of skeletal muscle fibres and prevent the change in fibre type ratio induced by DDP. NAR intervention inhibits the RIPK1/AMPK/NF-κB pathway in skeletal muscle, downregulates the expression of Atrogin1 and MuRF1, and inhibits the degradation of skeletal muscle protein. In C2C12 myotubes treated with DDP, NAR inhibited the RIPK1/AMPK/NF-κB pathway to reduce myotube cell atrophy, and the overexpression of RIPK1 reversed the therapeutic effect of NAR. These results indicate that NAR downregulates the expression of Atrogin1 and MuRF1 by regulating the RIPK1/AMPK/NF-κB pathway and alleviates DDP-induced skeletal muscle atrophy. © 2021
Immunobiological properties and clinical applications of interleukin-38 for immune-mediated disorders: A systematic review study; Exponential growth in the usage of “cytokines” (as seroimmunobiomarkers) has facilitated more accurate prognosis, early diagnosis, novel, and efficient immunotherapeutics. Numerous studies have reported immunopathophysiological and immunopathological processes of interleukin-38 (IL-38). Therefore, in this systematic review article, the authors aimed to present an updated comprehensive overview on the immunobiological mechanisms, diagnostic, and immune gene-based therapeutic potentials of IL-38. According to our inclusion and exclusion criteria, a total of 216 articles were collected from several search engines and databases from the January 2012 to July 2021 time interval by using six main keywords. Physiologic or pathologic microenvironments, optimal dosage, and involved receptors affect the functionalities of IL-38. Alterations in serum levels of IL-38 play a major role in the immunopathogenesis of a wide array of immune-mediated disorders. IL-38 shows anti-inflammatory activities by reduction or inhibition of pro-inflammatory cytokines, supporting the therapeutic aspects of IL-38 in inflammatory autoimmune diseases. According to the importance of pre-clinical studies, it seems that manipulation of the immune system by immunomodulatory properties of IL-38 can increase the accuracy of diagnosis, and decipher optimal clinical outcomes. To promote our knowledge, more collaboration is highly recommended among laboratory scientists, internal/infectious diseases specialists, oncologists, immunologists, diseases-specific biomarkers scientists, and basic medical researchers. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Dusp9, a dual-specificity phosphatase with a key role in cell biology and human diseases; Mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) are essential for proper cell functioning as they regulate many molecular effectors. Careful regulation of MAPKs is therefore required to avoid MAPK pathway dysfunctions and pathologies. The mammalian genome encodes about 200 phos-phatases, many of which dephosphorylate the MAPKs and bring them back to an inactive state. In this review, we focus on the normal and pathological functions of dual-specificity phosphatase 9 (DUSP9)/MAP kinase phosphatases-4 (MKP-4). This cytoplasmic phosphatase, which belongs to the threonine/tyrosine dual-specific phosphatase family and was first described in 1997, is known to dephosphorylate ERK1/2, p38, JNK and ASK1, and thereby to control various MAPK pathway cascades. As a consequence, DUSP9 plays a major role in human pathologies and more specifically in cardiac dysfunction, liver metabolic syndromes, diabetes, obesity and cancer including drug response and cell stemness. Here, we recapitulate the mechanism of action of DUSP9 in the cell, its levels of regulation and its roles in the most frequent human diseases, and discuss its potential as a therapeutic target. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Obesity Impairs Embryonic Myogenesis by Enhancing BMP Signaling within the Dermomyotome; Obesity during pregnancy leads to adverse health outcomes in offspring. However, the initial effects of maternal obesity (MO) on embryonic organogenesis have yet to be thoroughly examined. Using unbiased single-cell transcriptomic analyses (scRNA-seq), the effects of MO on the myogenic process is investigated in embryonic day 9.5 (E9.5) mouse embryos. The results suggest that MO induces systematic hypoxia, which is correlated with enhanced BMP signaling and impairs skeletal muscle differentiation within the dermomyotome (DM). The Notch-signaling effectors, HES1 and HEY1, which also act down-stream of BMP signaling, suppress myogenic differentiation through transcriptionally repressing the important myogenic regulator MEF2C. Moreover, the major hypoxia effector, HIF1A, enhances expression of HES1 and HEY1 and blocks myogenic differentiation in vitro. In summary, this data demonstrate that MO induces hypoxia and impairs myogenic differentiation by up-regulating BMP signaling within the DM, which may account for the disruptions of skeletal muscle development and function in progeny. © 2021 The Authors. Advanced Science published by Wiley-VCH GmbH
Hypoglycemic effects of: Auricularia auricula polysaccharides on high fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice using metabolomics analysis; This study evaluated the hypoglycemic effect of Auricularia auricula polysaccharides (AAPs) on streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) mice using metabolomic analysis. The results of fasting blood glucose, oral glucose tolerance test, fasting serum insulin level, Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance index, TC, TG, HDL-C, LDL-C, and histopathological observation demonstrated that 200 mg per kg body weight per day AAP led to significant hypoglycemic activities. The metabolic profile of the mice was significantly changed after AAP intervention. 45 differential metabolites were screened as biomarkers for AAP adjuvant treatment, and AAPs' effects on the metabolism of amino acids, unsaturated fatty acids, bile acids, and glycerophospholipids were analyzed. Thus, the current results elucidated the metabolic pathway of AAPs for T2DM alleviation and provided guidance for functional food adjuvant development for T2DM treatment. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Hyperandrogenemia in Early Adulthood Is an Independent Risk Factor for Abnormal Glucose Metabolism in Middle Age; Context: The role of androgen excess as a contributing factor to abnormal glucose metabolism (AGM) and insulin resistance in women remains controversial. Objective: To investigate whether hyperandrogenemia (HA) estimated by serum testosterone (T) level and free androgen index (FAI) at ages 31 and 46 years is associated with insulin resistance, insulin secretion and AGM by age 46. Design: Prospective study including 5889 females followed at ages 31 and 46 years. Setting: General community. Participants: Women with HA were compared with normoandrogenic women at ages 31 and 46 years. Intervention: None. Main outcome measurements: AGM, including prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus, homeostatic model assessments of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and of pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA-B). Results: At age 31 years, HA women displayed increased HOMA-IR (P = 0.002), HOMA-B (P = 0.007), and higher fasting insulin (P = 0.03) than normoandrogenic women after adjusting for body mass index (BMI). At age 46 years, there was a nonsignificant trend toward higher fasting glucose (P = 0.07) and glycated hemoglobin A1 (P = 0.07) levels in HA women. Women in the highest T quartile (odds ratio [OR] = 1.80; 95%CI, 1.15-2.82) at age 31 years and in the 2 highest FAI quartiles at ages 31 (Q4: OR = 3.76; 95% CI, 2.24-6.32) and 46 (Q4: OR = 2.79; 95% CI, 1.74-4.46) years had increased risk for AGM, independently of BMI, when compared with women in Q1. SHBG was inversely associated with AGM (at age 31 years: Q4: OR = 0.37; 95% CI, 0.23-0.60, at age 46 years: Q4: OR = 0.28; 95% CI, 0.17-0.44). Conclusion: Hyperandrogenemia and low SHBG in early and middle age associates with AGM independently of BMI.  © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Women with multiple gestations have an increased risk of development of hypertension in the future; Background: Multiple gestations are associated with an increased incidence of preeclampsia. However, there exists no evidence for an association between multiple gestations and development of hypertension(HTN) later in life. This study aimed to determine whether multiple gestations are associated with HTN beyond the peripartum period. Methods: In this retrospective nationwide population-based study, women who delivered a baby between January 1, 2007, and December 31, 2008, and underwent a national health screening examination within one year prior to their pregnancy were included. Subsequently, we tracked the occurrence of HTN during follow-up until December 31, 2015, using International Classification of Diseases-10th Revision codes. Results: Among 362,821 women who gave birth during the study period, 4,944 (1.36%) women had multiple gestations. The cumulative incidence of HTN was higher in multiple gestations group compared with singleton group (5.95% vs. 3.78%, p < 0.01, respectively). On the Cox proportional hazards models, the risk of HTN was increased in women with multiple gestations (HR 1.35, 95% CI 1.19, 1.54) compared with those with singleton after adjustment for age, primiparity, preeclampsia, atrial fibrillation, body mass index, blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, high total cholesterol, abnormal liver function test, regular exercise, and smoking status. Conclusions: Multiple gestations are associated with an increased risk of HTN later in life. Therefore, guidelines for the management of high-risk patients after delivery should be established. © 2021, The Author(s).
Lipid metabolism, disorders and therapeutic drugs – Review; Different lifestyles have an impact on useful metabolic functions, causing disorders. Different lipids are involved in the metabolic functions that play various vital roles in the body, such as structural components, storage of energy, in signaling, as biomarkers, in energy metabolism, and as hormones. Inter-related disorders are caused when these functions are affected, like diabetes, cancer, infections, and inflammatory and neurodegenerative conditions in humans. During the Covid-19 period, there has been a lot of focus on the effects of metabolic disorders all over the world. Hence, this review collectively reports on research concerning metabolic disorders, mainly cardiovascular and diabetes mellitus. In addition, drug research in lipid metabolism disorders have also been considered. This review explores lipids, metabolism, lipid metabolism disorders, and drugs used for these disorders. © 2021 The Korean Society of Applied Pharmacology.
Resistance to the Insulin and Elevated Level of Androgen: A Major Cause of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; PCOS has a wide range of negative impacts on women’s health and is one of the most frequent reproductive systemic endocrine disorders. PCOS has complex characteristics and symptom heterogeneity due to the several pathways that are involved in the infection and the absence of a comm14on cause. A recent study has shown that the main etiology and endocrine aspects of PCOS are the increased level of androgen, which is also known as “hyperandrogenemia (HA)” and secondly the “insulin resistance (IR)”. The major underlying cause of the polycystic ovary is these two IR and HA, by initiating the disease and its severity or duration. As a consequence, study on Pathogenesis is crucial to understand the effect of “HA” and “IR” on the pathophysiology of numerous symptoms linked to PCOS. A deep understanding of the pattern of the growth in PCOS for HA and IR can help ameliorate the condition, along with adjustments in nutrition and life, as well as the discovery of new medicinal products. However, further research is required to clarify the mutual role of IR and HA on PCOS development. © Copyright © 2021 Ding, Zhang, Zhang, Zhang, Chen, Liang and Xie.
Association Between Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 rs35767 Polymorphism and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Susceptibility: A Meta-Analysis; Background: Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) has been demonstrated to increase fatty acid β oxidation during fasting, and play an important role in regulating lipid metabolism and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The rs35767 (T > C) polymorphism, a functional SNP was found in IGF-1 promoter, which may directly affect IGF-1 expression. However, the inconsistent findings showed on the IGF-1 rs35767 polymorphism and T2DM risk. Methods: We performed a comprehensive meta-analysis to estimate the association between the IGF-1 rs35767 and T2DM risk among four genetic models (the allele, additive, recessive and dominant models). Results: A total 49,587 T2DM cases and 97,906 NDM controls were included in the allele model, a total 2256 T2DM cases and 2228 NDM controls were included in the other three genetic models (the additive; recessive and dominant models). In overall analysis, the IGF-1 rs35767 was shown to be significantly associated with increased T2DM risk for the allele model (T vs. C: OR = 1.251, 95% CI: 1.082–1.447, p = 0.002), additive model (homozygote comparisons: TT vs. CC: OR = 2.433, 95% CI: 1.095–5.405, p = 0.029; heterozygote comparisons: TC vs. CC: OR = 1.623, 95% CI: 1.055–2.495, p = 0.027) and dominant model (TT + CT vs. CC: OR = 1.934, 95% CI: 1.148–3.257, p = 0.013) with random effects model. After omitting Gouda’s study could reduce the heterogeneity, especially in the recessive model (TT vs. CC + CT: I2 = 38.7%, p = 0.163), the fixed effects model for recessive effect of the T allele (TT vs. CC + CT) produce results that were of borderline statistical significance (OR = 1.206, 95% CI: 1.004–1.448, p = 0.045). And increasing the risk of T2DM in Uyghur population of subgroup for the allele model. Conclusion: The initial analyses that included all studies showed statistically significant associations between the rs35767 SNP and type 2 diabetes, but after removing the Gouda et al. study produced results that were mostly not statistically significant. Therefore, there is not enough evidence from the results of the meta-analysis to indicate that the rs35767 SNP has a statistically significant association with type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2021 Zeng, Zou, Zeng, Chen, Wei and Guo.
Novel biomolecules in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common metabolic diseases in pregnant women. Its early diagnosis seems to have a significant impact on the developing fetus, the course of delivery, and the neonatal period. It may also affect the later stages of child development and subsequent complications in the mother. Therefore, the crux of the matter is to find a biopredictor capable of singling out women at risk of developing GDM as early as the very start of pregnancy. Apart from the well-known molecules with a proven and clear-cut role in the pathogenesis of GDM, e.g., adiponectin and leptin, a potential role of newer biomolecules is also emphasized. Less popular and less known factors with different mechanisms of action include: galectins, growth differentiation factor-15, chemerin, omentin-1, osteocalcin, resistin, visfatin, vaspin, irisin, apelin, fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4), fibroblast growth factor 21, and lipocalin-2. The aim of this review is to present the potential and significance of these 13 less known biomolecules in the pathogenesis of GDM. It seems that high levels of FABP4, low levels of irisin, and high levels of under-carboxylated osteocalcin in the serum of pregnant women can be used as predictive markers in the diagnosis of GDM. Hopefully, future clinical trials will be able to determine which biomolecules have the most potential to predict GDM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A nutrient pattern characterized by vitamin A, C, B6, potassium, and fructose is associated with reduced risk of insulin‐related disorders: A prospective study among participants of Tehran lipid and glucose study; Background: Insulin-related disorders, including insulin resistance, insulin insensitivity, and insulinemia, is considered early predictors of major chronic disease risk. Using a set of correlated nutrient as nutrient patterns to explore the diet-disease relationship has drawn more attention recently. We aimed to investigate the association of nutrient patterns and insulin markers’ changes prospectively among adults who participated in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). Methods: For the present study, 995 men and women aged 30–75 years, with complete information on insulin and dietary intake in survey III TLGS, were selected and followed three years until survey IV. Dietary intakes at baseline were assessed using a valid and reliable food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Nutrient patterns were derived using principal component analysis (PCA). We extracted five dominant patterns based on the scree plot and categorized them into quartiles. Linear regression analysis was conducted to investigate the association between Nutrient patterns and three-year insulin markers changes, including fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and HOMA-S. Results: The mean (SD) age and BMI of participants (43.1 % male) were 46.2(10.9) year and 28.0(4.7) kg/m2, respectively. The median (IQR, 25, 75) of 3 years changes of insulin, HOMA-IR and HOMA-S were 0.35 (− 1.71, 2.67) mU/mL, 0.25 (− 0.28, 0.84) and − 6.60 (− 22.8, 7.76), respectively. In the fully adjusted model for potential confounders, per each quartile increment of the fifth nutrient pattern, the β coefficients (95 % CI) of changes in insulin, HOMA-IR, and HOMA-S were − 0.36 (− 0.62, − 0.10); P value = 0.007, -0.10 (-0.19, -0.01); P value = 0.022, and 1.92 (0.18, 3.66); P value = 0.030, respectively. There were no significant association between other nutrient patterns and insulin related indices. Conclusions: Present study showed that high adherence to a nutrient pattern rich in vitamin A, vitamin C, pyridoxine, potassium, and fructose is inversely associated with 3-years changes in insulin, HOMA-IR, and directly associated with HOMA-S. © 2021, The Author(s).
Associations of maternal diet and nutritional status with offspring hepatic steatosis in the Avon longitudinal study of parents and children; Background: Priming for cardiometabolic diseases, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is hypothesized to begin in utero. The primary objective of this study is to determine whether there is an association between maternal nutritional status and offspring NAFLD. Methods: Data come from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) in the UK. The analytic sample included 3353 participants who had maternal information on pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, diabetes, and free sugar intake as percent of total energy and were assessed for mild-severe hepatic steatosis at 24 years by transient elastography (controlled attenuation parameter score ≥ 248 dB/m). Multiple logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between maternal factors and offspring hepatic steatosis at 24 years. Results: In confounder-adjusted models the independent associations for each maternal factor with mild to severe vs low hepatic steatosis at 24 years were: pre-pregnancy overweight (OR: 1.84, 95%CL: 1.43–2.38) or obesity (OR: 2.73, 95%CL: 1.84–4.03), more than recommended gestational weight gain (OR: 1.30, 95%CL: 1.04–1.64), diabetes (OR: 1.39, 95%CI: 0.87, 2.21), and high free sugar intake during pregnancy (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82, 1.33). These associations were largely mediated by BMI at 24 years, but not by birthweight or breastfeeding. Conclusions: Our results suggest that maternal nutritional status is associated with the development of NAFLD in their adult offspring, although the relationship is largely mediated by offspring BMI in adulthood. © 2021, The Author(s).
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring; Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. Conclusions: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. Lay summary: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring. © 2021 The Author(s)
Potential role of tea extract in oocyte development; Tea is the second most popular beverage in the world and beneficial to health. It has been demonstrated that tea polyphenols can reduce the risk of diseases, such as cancers, diabetes, obesity, Alzheimer's disease, etc. But the knowledge of tea extract on the female germline is limited. Folliculogenesis is a complicated process and prone to be affected by ROS. Tea polyphenols can reduce the accumulation of ROS in folliculogenesis and affect oocyte maturation. Tea extract also influences granulosa cell proliferation and expansion during oocyte growth and maturation. However, the studies about the benefits of tea extract on female germline are few, and the underlying mechanisms are obscure. In the present study, we will mainly discuss the effects of tea extract on ovarian function, oocyte maturation, and the underlying possible mechanisms, and according to the discussion, we suggest that tea extract may have benefits for oocytes at an appropriate dose. © 2021 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
High expression levels of circulating microRNA-122 and microRNA-222 are associated with obesity in children with Mayan ethnicity; Objectives: High expression levels (HELs) of microRNA-122 (miR-122) or microRNA-222 (miR-222) have been associated with insulin resistance (IR), which leads to the development of obesity. The association between HELs of circulating miR-122 and miR-222 and the risk of obesity was evaluated in Mexican school-aged children, where childhood obesity is the primary cause of morbidity. Methods: Anthropometric data, biochemical parameters, and caloric intake were obtained in 50 children with obesity and 49 children with normal weight. The expression of circulating miR-122 and miR-222 was measured by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction amplification. Data were analyzed using Student t test, Pearson correlation coefficient, associations with chi-square, and multiple linear and logistic regressions with SPSS software v.23. Results: The mean relative expression for miR-122 and miR-222 was 0.33 and 5.65, respectively, for children with obesity and 0.22 and 3.16, respectively, for children with normal weight. The expression of miR-122 and miR-222 was 1.47 and 1.78-fold higher, respectively, in children with obesity (P = 0.001 and P = 0.025). HELs of both miR-122 and miR-222 were associated with body mass index (BMI), waist to height ratio (WHR), fat percentage, serum high-density lipid levels, triglycerides (TGs), and metabolic index (MI) (P <.001). Conclusions: The HELs of circulating miR-122 conferred a 3.85-fold increase in the risk for obesity, whereas the HELs of both miR-122 and miR-222 conferred a 3.11-fold increase in the risk for obesity, which were also associated with higher anthropometric or biochemical parameters, such as BMI, WHR, fat percentage, serum high-density lipid levels, TGs, and MI, in Mayan children. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Sulforaphane Regulates Glucose and Lipid Metabolisms in Obese Mice by Restraining JNK and Activating Insulin and FGF21 Signal Pathways; The most common complications of obesity are metabolic disorders such as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), hyperglycemia, and low-grade inflammation. Sulforaphane (SFN) is a hydrolysate of glucosinolate (GLS) that is found in large quantities in cruciferous vegetables. The objective of this research was to evaluate the mechanism by which SFN relieves obesity complications in obese mice. C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet to induce obesity and treated daily with 10 mg/(kg body weight (bw)) SFN for 8 weeks, while a positive control group was treated daily with 300 mg/(kg bw) metformin. Our results indicated that SFN attenuated NAFLD, inflammation, oxidative stress, adipose tissue hypertrophy, and insulin resistance, as well as regulated glucose and lipid metabolism. SFN regulated glucose and lipid metabolism by deactivating c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and blocking the inhibitory effect of the insulin signaling pathway. SFN also regulated glucose metabolism by alleviating fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) resistance. Our research provides an empirical basis for clinical treatment with SFN in obesity. © 2021 American Chemical Society.
Mechanism-Based Biomarker Prediction for Low-Grade Inflammation in Liver and Adipose Tissue; Metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes have a large impact on global health, especially in industrialized countries. Tissue-specific chronic low-grade inflammation is a key contributor to complications in metabolic disorders. To support therapeutic approaches to these complications, it is crucial to gain a deeper understanding of the inflammatory dynamics and to monitor them on the individual level. To this end, blood-based biomarkers reflecting the tissue-specific inflammatory dynamics would be of great value. Here, we describe an in silico approach to select candidate biomarkers for tissue-specific inflammation by using a priori mechanistic knowledge from pathways and tissue-derived molecules. The workflow resulted in a list of candidate markers, in part consisting of literature confirmed biomarkers as well as a set of novel, more innovative biomarkers that reflect inflammation in the liver and adipose tissue. The first step of biomarker verification was on murine tissue gene-level by inducing hepatic inflammation and adipose tissue inflammation through a high-fat diet. Our data showed that in silico predicted hepatic markers had a strong correlation to hepatic inflammation in the absence of a relation to adipose tissue inflammation, while others had a strong correlation to adipose tissue inflammation in the absence of a relation to liver inflammation. Secondly, we evaluated the human translational value by performing a curation step in the literature using studies that describe the regulation of the markers in human, which identified 9 hepatic (such as Serum Amyloid A, Haptoglobin, and Interleukin 18 Binding Protein) and 2 adipose (Resistin and MMP-9) inflammatory biomarkers at the highest level of confirmation. Here, we identified and pre-clinically verified a set of in silico predicted biomarkers for liver and adipose tissue inflammation which can be of great value to study future development of therapeutic/lifestyle interventions to combat metabolic inflammatory complications. Copyright © 2021 van Bilsen, van den Brink, van den Hoek, Dulos, Caspers, Kleemann, Wopereis and Verschuren.
The transcriptome-wide association search for genes and genetic variants which associate with BMI and gestational weight gain in women with type 1 diabetes; Background: Clinical data suggest that BMI and gestational weight gain (GWG) are strongly interconnected phenotypes; however, the genetic basis of the latter is rather unclear. Here we aim to find genes and genetic variants which influence BMI and/or GWG. Methods: We have genotyped 316 type 1 diabetics using Illumina Infinium Omni Express Exome-8 v1.4 arrays. The GIANT, ARIC and T2D-GENES summary statistics were used for TWAS (performed with PrediXcan) in adipose tissue. Next, the analysis of association of imputed expression with BMI in the general and diabetic cohorts (Analysis 1 and 2) or GWG (Analysis 3 and 4) was performed, followed by variant association analysis (1 Mb around identified loci) with the mentioned phenotypes. Results: In Analysis 1 we have found 175 BMI associated genes and 19 variants (p < 10–4) which influenced GWG, with the strongest association for rs11465293 in CCL24 (p = 3.18E−06). Analysis 2, with diabetes included in the model, led to discovery of 1812 BMI associated loci and 207 variants (p < 10–4) influencing GWG, with the strongest association for rs9690213 in PODXL (p = 9.86E−07). In Analysis 3, among 648 GWG associated loci, 2091 variants were associated with BMI (FDR < 0.05). In Analysis 4, 7 variants in GWG associated loci influenced BMI in the ARIC cohort. Conclusions: Here, we have shown that loci influencing BMI might have an impact on GWG and GWG associated loci might influence BMI, both in the general and T1DM cohorts. The results suggest that both phenotypes are related to insulin signaling, glucose homeostasis, mitochondrial metabolism, ubiquitinoylation and inflammatory responses. © 2021, The Author(s).
Myocardial Infarction and Coronary Artery Disease in Menopausal Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Negatively Correlate With Total Serum Bile Acids; Background: As metabolic molecules, bile acids (BAs) not only promote the absorption of fat-soluble nutrients, but they also regulate many metabolic processes, including the homeostasis of glucose and lipids. Although total serum BA (TBA) measurement is a readily available clinical test related to coronary artery disease (CAD), myocardial infarction (MI), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), the relationship between TBA and these pathological conditions remain unclear, and research on this topic is inconclusive. Methods: This study enrolled 20,255 menopausal women aged over 50 years, including 6,421 T2DM patients. The study population was divided into different groups according to the median TBA level in order to explore the clinical characteristics of menopausal women with different TBA levels. Spline analyses, generalized additive model (GAM) model and regression analyses based on TBA level were used to explore the relationship between TBA and different diseases independently, including CAD and MI, or in combination with T2DM. Results: Both in the general population and in the T2DM subgroup, the TBA level was significantly lower in CAD patients than in non-CAD patients. Spline analyses indicated that within normal clinical range of TBA concentration (0–10 µmol/L), the presence of CAD and MI showed similar trends in total and T2DM population. Similarly, the GAM model indicated that within the 0–10 μmol/L clinical range, the predicted probability for CAD and MI alone and in combination with T2DM was negatively correlated with TBA concentration. Multivariate regression analysis suggested that low TBA level was positively associated with the occurrence of CAD combined with T2DM (OR: 1.451; 95%CI: 1.141–1.847). Conclusions: In menopausal women, TBA may represent a valuable clinical serum marker with negative correlation for CAD and MI in patients with T2DM. © Copyright © 2021 Feng, Zhai, Yang, Liu, Zhou and Guo.
Uric acid participating in female reproductive disorders: a review; Uric acid (UA) is the end metabolic product of purine metabolism. Early on, UA was considered to be a metabolite with a certain antioxidant capacity. As research has progressed, other properties of UA have been explored, and its association with many diseases has been found. The association between UA and kidney disease and cardiovascular disease is well established; however, there is still a paucity of reviews on the association between UA and the female reproductive system. An increasing number of epidemiological studies have shown elevated serum UA levels in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), endometriosis, etc. Additionally, serum UA can be used as a predictor of pregnancy complications and adverse foetal outcomes. An increasing number of animal experiments and clinical studies have revealed possible mechanisms related to the involvement of UA in certain female reproductive disorders: oxidative stress, chronic inflammation, mitochondrial dysfunction, etc. This article reviews the current mainstream mechanisms regarding the pathogenesis of UA and the role of UA in certain specific female reproductive disorders (direct involvement in the development of certain diseases or enhancement of other risk factors) in the hope of contributing to clinical prevention, diagnosis, treatment and improvement in prognosis. © 2021, The Author(s).
Serum concentrations of SFAs and CDKAL1 single-nucleotide polymorphism rs7747752 are related to an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Interactions between genetic and nutritional factors can contribute to the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objectives: We aimed to explore the associations of cyclin-dependent kinase 5 regulatory subunit associated protein 1-like 1 (CDKAL1) single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs7747752 and serum concentrations of SFAs with the risk of GDM in Chinese women. Methods: We conducted a 1:1 case-control study in a prospective cohort of pregnant women in Tianjin, China. Serum SFA data were collected from a total of 243 women with GDM and their controls matched by maternal age (±1 y). Among them, 207 case-control pairs had high-quality sequencing data. P/L and S/P ratios were defined as palmitic acid (16:0)/lauric acid (12:0) and stearic acid (18:0)/palmitic acid, respectively. Conditional logistic regression analysis was performed to estimate associations of CDKAL1 SNP rs7747752 and serum concentrations of SFAs with the risk of GDM. An additive interaction between rs7747752 and palmitic acid was analyzed to test the contribution of their interaction to the risk of GDM. Results: Among the 5 tested SFAs, palmitic acid was positively whereas lauric acid was negatively associated with the risk of GDM. A P/L ratio ≥12.2 and an S/P ratio ≤0.71 were independently and synergistically associated with an increased risk of GDM. The CDKAL1 rs7747752 G > C variant was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the presence of the rs7747752 G > C variant increased the OR (95% CI) of high palmitic acid concentration from 1.55 (0.61, 3.97) to 4.34 (2.04, 9.23), with a significant additive interaction. Conclusions: The interaction between high serum palmitic acid concentration and the CDKAL1 rs7747752 G > C variant played a critical role in GDM. Given that a hypocaloric low-carbohydrate diet can lower palmitic acid concentrations, it is worthwhile to test whether such a diet is effective in reducing the risk of GDM, especially among women who have both risk factors.  © 2021 The Author(s).
Circulating Bile Acid Profiles: A Need for Further Examination; Context: Bile acids (BAs) are increasingly recognized as metabolic and chronobiologic integrators that synchronize the systemic metabolic response to nutrient availability. Alterations in the concentration and/or composition of circulating BAs are associated with a number of metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance (IR), and metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This review summarizes recent evidence that links abnormal circulating BA profiles to multiple metabolic disorders, and discusses the possible mechanisms underlying the connections to determine the role of BA profiling as a novel biomarker for these abnormalities. Evidence Acquisition: The review is based on a collection of primary and review literature gathered from a PubMed search of BAs, T2DM, IR, and MAFLD, among other keywords. Evidence Synthesis: Obese and IR subjects appear to have elevated fasting circulating BAs but lower postprandial increase when compared with controls. The possible underlying mechanisms are disruption in the synchronization between the feeding/fasting cycle and the properties of BA-regulated metabolic pathways. Whether BA alterations are associated per se with MAFLD remains inconclusive. However, increased fasting circulating BAs level was associated with higher risk of advanced fibrosis stage. Thus, for patients with MAFLD, dynamically monitoring the circulating BA profiles may be a promising tool for the stratification of MAFLD. Conclusions: Alterations in the concentration, composition, and rhythm of circulating BAs are associated with adverse events in systemic metabolism. Subsequent investigations regarding these aspects of circulating BA kinetics may help predict future metabolic disorders and guide therapeutic interventions.  © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Insulin receptor substrate-1 G972R single nucleotide polymorphism in Egyptian patients with chronic hepatitis C virus infection and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1) plays a critical role in insulin signaling. IRS-1 gene polymorphism with glycine to arginine substitution (GGG ↔ AGG substitutions) in codon 972 (G972R) (rs1801278) is a common polymorphism of the IRS-1 gene, which may have a pathogenic role in the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) due to insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion. In hepatitis C virus infection (HCV), the IRS proteins might be counter-regulated by degradation, differential expression, or modification by phosphorylation in cells expressing HCV core protein, which inhibits the interactions of IRS-1 with both the insulin receptor and the downstream effectors of IRS-1. The present retrospective case–control study aimed to evaluate IRS-1 G972R (rs 1801278) SNP in Egyptian patients with HCV and type 2 DM, two hundred and two subjects including 100 males and 102 females The present work is a retrospective case–control study aimed to detect IRS-1 G972R (rs 1801278) SNP in Egyptian patients with chronic HCV infection and DM. The subjects were divided into the control group (group I) which included 50 apparently healthy volunteers of comparable age, gender, and socioeconomic status to patients; group II included 50 type 2 diabetic patients without chronic hepatitis C infection; group III included 52 chronic HCV-infected patients without type 2 diabetes mellitus; and group IV included 50 chronic hepatitis C-infected patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. IRS-1 G972R (rs 1801278) genotyping was done by using polymerase chain reaction (PCR-RFLP) technique with restriction enzymes BstNI. Results: HOMA-IR and QUICKI index was significantly higher in the patient groups (groups II, III, and IV) than controls (P < 0.001, P = 0.019, and P < 0.001 respectively). There was a significant increase in minor allele (A) in groups II, III, and IV than controls (P = 0.007, P = 0.017, and P = 0.007 respectively). There was increased frequency of mutant allele (A) than wild allele (G) of IRS-1 G972R polymorphism in type 2 diabetic patients with BMI < 25 kg/m2. The DM patients without HCV infection (group II), HCV patients without DM (group III), and HCV patients with DM (group IV) showed a significant decrease in GG genotypes and a significant increase in AA genotypes than the controls (P = 0.017, P = 0.019, and P = 0.009 respectively). Body mass index and waist to hip ratio were significantly higher in DM patients without chronic hepatitis C infection (group II) and in HCV patients with type 2 diabetes (group IV) than controls, in hepatitis C patients with type 2 diabetes (group IV) than controls, and in group IV than group III (P < 0.001). Conclusion: IRS-1 G972R (rs 1801278) polymorphism might be a contributing risk factor for the development of type 2 DM. The mutant allele (A) of IRS-1 suggests the role of this SNP as risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus even in subjects with normal body weight. The increase of body mass index may be an independent risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2021, The Author(s).
The Effect of the Probiotics Mixture of Bifidobacterium Animalis ssp. Lactis and Lactobacillus rhamnosus on Obesity in High-Fat Diet-Induced Mice; The prevalence of obesity is steadily growing worldwide, causing several severe complications, including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. With the importance of preventive approaches to obesity, related nutraceuticals and compounds are developing. Probiotics are attracting attention as a substance that is effective against obesity. Among the probiotics, Lactobacillus rhamnosus Lb102 and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. Bf141 individually has the effect of preventing metabolic syndrome, including anti-obesity. Therefore, we examined the effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus rhamnosus Lb102 and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. Bf141. The mixture of Lactobacillus rhamnosus Lb102 (Lb102) and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. Bf141 (Bf141) was administered to a high-fat diet (HFD, 60% kcal from fat)-induced obese mice for eight weeks. The probiotics mixture did not alter body weight, feed intake, and body adiposity, meaning the rescue of obesity was ineffective. Furthermore, there was no difference in the liver weight, which is the center of lipid synthesis. In addition, the probiotics mixture did not modify fecal lipid content, an indicator of lipid digestion and absorption. Serum triglycerides and total cholesterol levels also remained unchanged. In conclusion, these results imply that the probiotics mixture of Lb102 and Bf141 had no anti-obesity outcome in HFD-induced obese mice. © 2021 Korean Society for Food Engineering. All rights reserved.
Accelerated developmental adipogenesis programs adipose tissue dysfunction and cardiometabolic risk in offspring born to dams with metabolic dysfunction; This study determined if a perturbation in in utero adipogenesis leading to later life adipose tissue (AT) dysfunction underlies programming of cardiometabolic risk in offspring born to dams with metabolic dysfunction. Female mice heterozygous for the leptin receptor deficiency (Hetdb) had 2.4-fold higher prepregnancy fat mass and in late gestation had higher plasma insulin and triglycerides compared with wild-type (Wt) females (P < 0.05). To isolate the role of the intrauterine milieu, wild-type (Wt) offspring from each pregnancy were studied. Differentiation potential in isolated progenitors and cell size distribution analysis revealed accelerated adipogenesis in Wt pups born to Hetdb dams, accompanied by a higher accumulation of neonatal fat mass. In adulthood, whole body fat mass by NMR was higher in male (69%) and female (20%) Wt offspring born to Hetdb versus Wt pregnancies, along with adipocyte hypertrophy and hyperlipidemia (all P < 0.05). Lipidomic analyses by gas chromatography revealed an increased lipogenic index (16:0/18:2n6) after high-fat/fructose diet (HFFD). Postprandial insulin, ADIPO-IR, and ex vivo AT lipolytic responses to isoproterenol were all higher in Wt offspring born to Hetdb dams (P < 0.05). Intrauterine metabolic stimuli may direct a greater proportion of progenitors toward terminal differentiation, thereby predisposing to hypertrophy-induced adipocyte dysfunction. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution CC-BY 4.0.
Air pollution and children’s health—a review of adverse effects associated with prenatal exposure from fine to ultrafine particulate matter; Background: Particulate matter (PM), a major component of ambient air pollution, accounts for a substantial burden of diseases and fatality worldwide. Maternal exposure to PM during pregnancy is particularly harmful to children’s health since this is a phase of rapid human growth and development. Method: In this review, we synthesize the scientific evidence on adverse health outcomes in children following prenatal exposure to the smallest toxic components, fine (PM2.5) and ultrafine (PM0.1) PM. We highlight the established and emerging findings from epidemiologic studies and experimental models. Results: Maternal exposure to fine and ultrafine PM directly and indirectly yields numerous adverse birth outcomes and impacts on children’s respiratory systems, immune status, brain development, and cardiometabolic health. The biological mechanisms underlying adverse effects include direct placental translocation of ultrafine particles, placental and systemic maternal oxidative stress and inflammation elicited by both fine and ultrafine PM, epigenetic changes, and potential endocrine effects that influence long-term health. Conclusion: Policies to reduce maternal exposure and health consequences in children should be a high priority. PM2.5 levels are regulated, yet it is recognized that minority and low socioeconomic status groups experience disproportionate exposures. Moreover, PM0.1 levels are not routinely measured or currently regulated. Consequently, preventive strategies that inform neighborhood/regional planning and clinical/nutritional recommendations are needed to mitigate maternal exposure and ultimately protect children’s health. © 2021, The Author(s).
Genome-wide analysis of DNA methylation and risk of cardiovascular disease in a Chinese population; Background: Systemic studies of association of genome-wide DNA methylated sites with cardiovascular disease (CVD) in prospective cohorts are lacking. Our aim was to identify DNA methylation sites associated with the risk of CVD and further investigate their potential predictive value in CVD development for high-risk subjects. Methods: We performed an epigenome-wide association study (EWAS) to identify CpGs related to CVD development in a Chinese population.We adopted a nested case–control design based on data from China PEACE Million Persons Project. A total of 83 cases who developed CVD events during follow-up and 83 controls who were matched with cases by age, sex, BMI, ethnicity, medications treatment and behavior risk factors were included in the discovery stage. Genome-wide DNA methylation from whole blood was detected using Infinium Human Methylation EPIC Beadchip (850 K). For significant CpGs [FDR(false discovery rate) < 0.005], we further validated in an independent cohort including 38 cases and 38 controls. Results: In discovery set, we identified 8 significant CpGs (FDR < 0.005) associated with the risk of CVD after adjustment for cell components, demographic and cardiac risk factors and the first 5 principal components. Two of these identified CpGs (cg06901278 and cg09306458 in UACA) were replicated in another independent set (p < 0.05). Enrichment analysis in 787 individual genes from 1036 CpGs in discovery set revealed a significant enrichment for anatomical structure homeostasis as well as regulation of vesicle-mediated transport. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis showed that the model combined 8 CVD-related CpGs with baseline characteristics showed much better predictive effect for CVD occurrence compared with the model with baseline characteristics only [AUC (area under the curve) = 0.967, 95% CI (0.942 − 0.991); AUC = 0.621, 95% CI (0.536 − 0.706); p = 9.716E-15]. Conclusions: Our study identified the novel CpGs associated with CVD development and revealed their additional predictive power in the risk of CVD for high-risk subjects. © 2021, The Author(s).
The relationship between visceral adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To compare the extent to which visceral adiposity, as measured by mesenteric fat thickness, contribute to cardiometabolic risk, especially insulin resistance, in women with PCOS and healthy control. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study with a total of 190 women with PCOS fulfilling the Rotterdam diagnostic criteria. Women without PCOS were recruited from a previous study, which comprised 416 healthy women controls with normal glucose tolerance. All subjects underwent OGTT, biochemical assessment, and sonographic assessment with measurements of mesenteric, preperitoneal and subcutaneous fat thickness. Results: Mesenteric fat thickness was strongly correlated to cardiometabolic traits including blood pressure, fasting and 2-h glucose, triglycerides, HOMA-IR; and was negatively correlated to HDL-C in both cohorts (all p < 0.01). In PCOS, positive correlation was observed between mesenteric fat thickness and free androgen index (p < 0.01). Compared with controls, the regression line between mesenteric fat and HOMA-IR is much steeper in PCOS (p < 0.01). Conclusion: Women with PCOS remain more insulin resistant compared to controls at any given degree of visceral adiposity. © 2021 Asia Oceania Association for the Study of Obesity
Nuciferine administration in C57BL/6J mice with gestational diabetes mellitus induced by a high-fat diet: The improvement of glycolipid disorders and intestinal dysbacteriosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has become a global health concern as the main result of its contribution to the high risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both the mother and fetus. However, there is absence of an ideal and widely acceptable therapy. Nuciferine has previously been shown to exert beneficial effects in various metabolic diseases. This study aimed to investigate the potential therapeutic efficacy of nuciferine on GDM in C57BL/6J mice induced by a high-fat diet (HFD), which has not been reported before. The results showed that nuciferine improved glucose intolerance, reduced lipid accumulation and increased the glycogen content within hepatocytes, and decreased placental lipid and glycogen deposition, thus ameliorating glycolipid disorders in GDM mice. Additionally, nuciferine protected against histological degeneration of metabolism-associated critical organs including the liver, pancreas, and abdominal adipose tissue. Most interestingly, nuciferine could correct intestinal dysbacteriosis in GDM mice, as evidenced by the elevation of probiotic abundances consisting of Akkermansia, Lactobacillus, and Bifidobacterium, which were all negatively correlated with serum and liver triglyceride (TG) and positively associated with hepatic glycogen, and the reduction of conditional pathogen abundances including Escherichia-Shigella and Staphylococcus, and the latter was positively related to serum and liver TG and negatively linked with liver glycogen. Collectively, these findings suggest that nuciferine as a food-borne strategy played important roles in the management of GDM. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Adulthood blood levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p associate with preterm birth and adult metabolic and cognitive health; Preterm birth (PTB) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes and neurocognitive impairment later in life. We analyzed for the first time the associations of PTB with blood miRNA levels in adulthood. We also investigated the relationship of PTB associated miRNAs and adulthood phenotypes previously linked with premature birth. Blood MicroRNA profiling, genome-wide gene expression analysis, computer-based cognitive testing battery (CANTAB) and serum NMR metabolomics were performed for Young Finns Study subjects (aged 34–49 years, full-term n = 682, preterm n = 84). Preterm birth (vs. full-term) was associated with adulthood levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p in a fully adjusted regression model (p = 1.90 × 10–4, FDR = 0.046). The levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p were down-regulated in subjects with PTB with appropriate birthweight for gestational age (p = 0.002, fold change [FC] = − 1.20) and specifically in PTB subjects with small birthweight for gestational age (p = 0.095, FC = − 1.39) in comparison to individuals born full term. Hsa-miR-29b-3p levels correlated with the expressions of its target-mRNAs BCL11A and CS and the gene set analysis results indicated a target-mRNA driven association between hsa-miR-29b-3p levels and Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, Insulin signaling and Regulation of Actin Cytoskeleton pathway expression. The level of hsa-miR-29b-3p was directly associated with visual processing and sustained attention in CANTAB test and inversely associated with serum levels of VLDL subclass component and triglyceride levels. In conlcusion, adult blood levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p were lower in subjects born preterm. Hsa-miR-29b-3p associated with cognitive function and may be linked with adulthood morbidities in subjects born preterm, possibly through regulation of gene sets related to neurodegenerative diseases and insulin signaling as well as VLDL and triglyceride metabolism. © 2021, The Author(s).
Early-life origins of metabolic syndrome: Mechanisms and preventive aspects; One of the leading global public-health burdens is metabolic syndrome (MetS), despite the many advances in pharmacotherapies. MetS, now known as “developmental origins of health and disease” (DOHaD), can have its origins in early life. Offspring MetS can be programmed by various adverse early-life conditions, such as nutrition imbalance, maternal conditions or diseases, maternal chemical exposure, and medication use. Conversely, early interventions have shown potential to revoke programming processes to prevent MetS of developmental origins, namely reprogramming. In this review, we summarize what is currently known about adverse environmental insults implicated in MetS of developmental origins, including the fundamental underlying mechanisms. We also describe animal models that have been developed to study the developmental programming of MetS. This review extends previous research reviews by addressing implementation of reprogramming strategies to prevent the programming of MetS. These mechanism-targeted strategies include antioxidants, melatonin, resveratrol, probiotics/prebiotics, and amino acids. Much work remains to be accomplished to determine the insults that could induce MetS, to identify the mechanisms behind MetS programming, and to develop potential reprogramming strategies for clinical translation. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Genetic and epigenetic biomarkers for diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of metabolic syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome is a clinical condition that deserves special attention because it puts the individual at high cardiovascular risk, especially heart attack and stroke. Considering precision medicine, it would be advisable to evaluate the individual cardio-metabolic risk by estimating the coexistence of risk factors (abdominal obesity, low level of High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol, High Triglycerides, and small dense Low-Density Lipoproteins sub-classes, hypertension, and elevated fasting glycemia), which could engrave on metabolism increasing cardiovascular mortality. Objective: To identify genetic and epigenetic biomarkers may assist in the possibility of helping follow-up strategies and other measures of prevention and in metabolic risk. Methods: We searched for studies that valued the combination between epigenetic biomarkers and all factors of cardio-metabolic risk. Results: Numerous researches have investigated the molecular start of metabolic alterations, focusing on the epigenetic mark, as methylation of DNA, histone modifications and non.coding RNAs. It has been found that DNA methylation is the most searched epigenetic sign in the human genome concerning the control of gene expression. Conclusion: For the screening, diagnosis, and prognosis of metabolic syndrome and the prescription of personalized medicine, the DNA methylation biomarkers specify for subjects have been recognized as an ensuring tool. While these results are promising, further investigations are needed to unravel the complicated synergic association of the genome, epigenome and the situations related to metabolic pathology. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Elevation of serum betatrophin in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The present study aimed to explore changes in serum betatrophin concentration in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its relationship with clinical metabolic indicators. The research also aimed to provide a basis for the in-depth study of the pathogenesis of GDM, together with a new target for the treatment of the condition and improving the methods for its prediction and diagnosis. A total of 60 participants were included of whom 30 were enrolled in the pregnancy with normal glucose regulation (P-NGR) group, and 30 in the GDM group. The clinical metabolic indicators in the two groups were measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Additionally, two models were established, i.e., homeostasis assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and homeostasis assessment of beta-cell function (HOMA-β). An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was used to detect the serum betatrophin concentrations in the two groups. The differences in the clinical metabolic indicators and betatrophin concentrations between the two groups were compared, and the correlation between betatrophin and clinical metabolic indicators was analyzed. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to predict GDM using the serum betatrophin concentration. The levels of triglyceride (TG) (P = 0.001), total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.004), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (P < 0.001), fasting blood glucose (FBG) (P < 0.001), fasting serum insulin (FSI) (P = 0.028), HOMA-IR (P < 0.001), HOMA-β (P < 0.001), and the concentration of betatrophin (p < 0.001) were significantly higher in the GDM compared with the P-NGR group, and the difference was statistically significant. The concentration of betatrophin was positively correlated with BMI (P = 0.017), TG (P = 0.005), TC (P = 0.018), FSI (P = 0.023), and HOMA-IR (P = 0.022) in the GDM group. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that HOMA-IR and TG could affect the serum betatrophin concentration. The best cut-off point of the serum betatrophin concentration predicted by the ROC curve in the case of GDM was 800.1pg/ml. The serum concentration of betatrophin in the GDM group was significantly increased and positively correlated with BMI, TG, TC, FSI, and HOMA-IR. Insulin resistance in the GDM population may be a mechanism involved in the overexpression of serum betatrophin; therefore, serum betatrophin could potentially be used as a biochemical indicator for predicting GDM. © 2021, Biolife s.a.s.. All rights reserved.
Non-Coding RNA as Biomarkers for Type 2 Diabetes Development and Clinical Management; Diabetes, a metabolic disease characterized by high blood glucose and other complications, has undefined causes and multiple risk factors, including inappropriate diet, unhealthy lifestyles, and genetic predisposition. The two most distinguished types of diabetes are type 1 and type 2 diabetes, resulting from the autoimmune impairment of insulin-generating pancreatic β cells and insulin insensitivity, respectively. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), a cohort of RNAs with little transcriptional value, have been found to exert substantial importance in epigenetic and posttranscriptional modulation of gene expression such as messenger RNA (mRNA) silencing. This review mainly focuses on the pathology of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and ncRNAs as potential biomarkers in T2D development and clinical management. We consolidate the pathogenesis, diagnosis, and current treatments of T2D, and present the existing evidence on changes in multiple types of ncRNAs in response to various pathological changes and dysfunctions in different stages of T2D. © Copyright © 2021 Chi, Lin, Wang, Zhao, Liao and Wei.
Serum neuregulin 4 (NRG-4) level and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): A case-control study; Objective: The current case-control study aimed to examine the association of circulating neuregulin 4 (NRG-4), a brown fat-enriched endocrine factor, with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: A total of 50 patients newly diagnosed with NAFLD with 50 age-matched and sex-matched subjects without NAFLD were recruited in the present study. Circulating NRG-4 levels were assessed with an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kit. SPSS version 23 was used for statistical analysis. Results: Patients with NAFLD had lower levels of circulating NRG-4 than the control group (P <.001). Participants in the highest quartile of circulating NRG-4 had significantly lower body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), triglyceride (TG) and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) compared with those in the lowest quartile (all P <.01). The prevalence of NAFLD in the quartile 4 of the serum NRG-4 level was 38.46%, lower than the quartile 1 (62.50%, P =.006), quartile 2 (52.00%, P =.017) and quartile 3 (48.00%, P =.032). In multiple stepwise regression analysis, BMI (β = −0.712, P =.016), WC (β = −0.577, P =.023), TG (β = −0.509, P =.001), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (β = 0.489, P =.001) and HOMA-IR (β = −0.609, P =.003) were independently related to serum NRG-4 level. The odds of NAFLD decreased by 41% per 1 SD increase in serum NRG-4 level (OR, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.35-0.78; P =.021), after adjustment for all potential confounders. Conclusion: The results of the present study demonstrate that circulating NRG-4 levels may play a protective role in NAFLD. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Caffeic acid on metabolic syndrome: A review; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a constellation of risk factors that may lead to a more sinister disease. Raised blood pressure, dyslipidemia in the form of elevated triglycerides and lowered high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, raised fasting glucose, and central obesity are the risk factors that could lead to full-blown diabetes, heart disease, and many others. With increasing sedentary lifestyles, coupled with the current COVID-19 pandemic, the numbers of people affected with MetS will be expected to grow in the coming years. While keeping these factors checked with the polypharmacy available currently, there is no single strategy that can halt or minimize the effect of MetS to patients. This opens the door for a more natural way of controlling the disease. Caffeic acid (CA) is a phytonutrient belonging to the flavonoids that can be found in abundance in plants, fruits, and vegetables. CA possesses a wide range of beneficial properties from antioxidant, immunomodulatory, antimicrobial, neuroprotective, antianxiolytic, antiproliferative, and anti-inflammatory activities. This review discusses the current discovery of the effect of CA against MetS. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in women diagnosed with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: To further explore the relationship between non–alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by determining the prevalence of GDM in women diagnosed with NAFLD antepartum. Methods: Electronic databases were searched using specific keywords. Original studies of adult women reporting NAFLD (confirmed on imaging) and GDM (confirmed via oral glucose tolerance test) prevalence were included. Studies involving women with pre-gestational pre-diabetes, type 1/type 2 diabetes, chronic liver disease/cirrhosis unrelated to NAFLD were excluded. The prevalence of GDM occurring in women with NAFLD was calculated along with pooled odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using the random effects model. Results: Seven studies (total 2299 participants) were included. The prevalence of GDM in women with NAFLD was 26.0% (95% CI 20.9–31.7%, I2 = 48%, τ2 = 0.06). The odds of having GDM were 2.9 times higher in pregnant women diagnosed with NAFLD compared with non-NAFLD women, although a high degree of heterogeneity existed (unadjusted OR 2.9, 95% CI 1.0–8.4, I2 = 81%, τ2 = 0.83, p < 0.05). Conclusion: Our study provides further insight into the prevalence of GDM in pregnant women diagnosed with NAFLD. There is a current lack of well-conducted studies examining this complex association between NAFLD and GDM. © 2021
Green tea and metabolic syndrome: A 10-year research update review; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) has turned into a prevalent condition that has imposed a tremendous financial strain on public health care systems. It is believed that the MetS consists of four main factors (hypertension, dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, and obesity) and may lead to cardiovascular events. Camellia sinesis, in the form of green tea (GT), is one of the most consuming beverages worldwide. Catechins are the dominant component of green tea leaves. Epigallocatechin gallate has the maximum potency. GT has been widely used as a supplement in various health conditions. As the oxidative stress pathway is one of the probable mechanisms of MetS etiologies and GT beneficial effects, GT may be a novel strategy to overcome the MetS. This review aims to reveal the probable pharmacological effects of GT on MetS. The last 10-year original articles on MetS parameters and GT have been gathered in this review. This manuscript has summarized the probable effects of green tea and its catechins on MetS and focused on each different aspect of MetS separately, which can be used as a basis for further investigations for introducing effective compounds as a way to interfere with MetS. It seems that GT can reduce MetS parameters commonly via anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative mechanisms. Further clinical trials are needed to confirm the use of GT and its constituents for the treatment of MetS. © 2021 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of serum adropin levels in type 2 diabetic patients and its correlation with insulin resistance: A tertiary care teaching hospital-based study; Background: Adropin has been revealed to be a powerful regulatory hormone involved in insulin sensitivity and energy homeostasis. Materials and Methods: A total of 100 subjects were included in the study, out of which 50 were type 2 diabetic patients and 50 were healthy subjects as controls. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was defined using the American Diabetes Association criteria. Controls were recruited from healthy men who were visited by endocrinologists of the same clinic and were excluded if they had a history of diabetes mellitus in their first-degree relatives. Results: There were significant differences regarding body mass index of diabetic patients and healthy controls. T2DM patients had expectedly significantly lower fasting blood sugar (FBS), glycosylated hemoglobin, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels compared to healthy controls (P < 0.001) and decreased insulin level in type 2 diabetic patients. Conclusion: Adropin level was found to be significantly lower in type 2 diabetic patients compared to healthy subjects. Adropin was inversely correlated with FBS in type 2 diabetic patients and was also negatively correlated with HOMA-IR. © 2021 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
Moroccan antidiabetic medicinal plants: Ethnobotanical studies, phytochemical bioactive compounds, preclinical investigations, toxicological validations and clinical evidences; challenges, guidance and perspectives for future management of diabetes worldwide; Background: Moroccan flora is rich with medicinal plants that are widely used in traditional medicine for the treatment of various diseases including diabetes. These plants possess several classes of bioactive molecules, which belong to different chemical families such as phenolic acids, flavonoids, terpenoids and alkaloids. Scope and approach: This review highlights the published reports on the antidiabetic properties of Moroccan medicinal plants. The mechanism of action of these plants and their secondary metabolites were discussed in detail. Clinical trials on the antidiabetic active constituents were summarized demonstrating the potential application of these natural treasures to be developed as potent antidiabetic agents. Key findings and conclusions: were reported to be used in the treatment of diabetes in Morocco. Among these medicinal plants, the antidiabetic activity was evaluated for 15 species in vitro and 30 species in vivo. The in vitro studies showed significant inhibition of enzymes involved in the intestinal metabolism of carbohydrates. The in vivo reports revealed that the extracts and essential oils of these plants exhibited several antidiabetic effects such as a decrease of blood glucose and an increase of insulin secretion. Phytochemical analysis of the active plants revealed the presence of 148 secondary metabolites. These compounds belong to different chemical classes such as terpenoids, flavonoids, alkaloids, phenolic acids, and fatty acids. Among the identified compounds, 95 were evaluated for their antidiabetic activity. The results showed that these compounds manage diabetes by several mechanisms such as enzymatic inhibition, interference with glucose and lipid metabolism signaling pathways, and the inhibition and/or the activation of gene expression involved in glucose homeostasis. Eighteen active compounds reached clinical trials and showed impressive results in controlling diabetes and its manifestations. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Intrauterine hyperglycemia induces liver inflammation in mouse male offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy characterized by intrauterine hyperglycemia, which is often associated with a high risk of obesity and diabetes in the offspring. In this study, we established a GDM mouse model by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin to investigate the immuno-inflammatory responses in the liver of adult offspring. Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were employed to evaluate the glucose tolerance status. Hematoxylin-eosin staining was used to examine the histological changes in the liver. Quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) was applied to examine the mRNA expression of immune factors. Western blot and immunofluorescence analyses were used to examine the expression of target protein. Additionally, cell experiments were performed to validate the in vivo results. Compared to the control group, the area of fat vacuoles and the number of lymphocyte cells were significantly higher in the 20 weeks-old offspring of GDM mice. The elevated mRNA level of the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1β, IL-6, IL-33 and immune receptors CD3 and CD36 were found in the liver of F1-GDM. The protein level of IL-6r and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were significantly up-regulated. Moreover, the mRNA level of IL-6, IL-1β and IL-33 and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were also up-regulated in the hepatocyte treated with high concentration of glucose. Our results suggest that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with increased inflammation in the liver of adult male offspring. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Branched-Chain Amino Acids and Risk of Breast Cancer; Background: Circulating branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) levels reflect metabolic health and dietary intake. However, associations with breast cancer are unclear. Methods: We evaluated circulating BCAA levels and breast cancer risk within the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and NHSII (1997 cases and 1997 controls). A total of 592 NHS women donated 2 blood samples 10 years apart. We estimated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of breast cancer risk in multivariable logistic regression models. We conducted an external validation in 1765 cases in the Women's Health Study (WHS). All statistical tests were 2-sided. Results: Among NHSII participants (predominantly premenopausal at blood collection), elevated circulating BCAA levels were associated with lower breast cancer risk (eg, isoleucine highest vs lowest quartile, multivariable OR = 0.86, 95% CI = 0.65 to 1.13, Ptrend =. 20), with statistically significant linear trends among fasting samples (eg, isoleucine OR = 0.74, 95% CI = 0.53 to 1.05, Ptrend =. 05). In contrast, among postmenopausal women, proximate measures (<10 years from blood draw) were associated with increased breast cancer risk (eg, isoleucine OR = 1.63, 95% CI = 1.12 to 2.39, Ptrend =. 01), with stronger associations among fasting samples (OR = 1.73, 95% CI = 1.15 to 2.61, Ptrend =. 01). Distant measures (10-20 years since blood draw) were not associated with risk. In the WHS, a positive association was observed for distant measures of leucine among postmenopausal women (OR = 1.23, 95% CI = 0.96 to 1.58, Ptrend =. 04). Conclusions: No statistically significant associations between BCAA levels and breast cancer risk were consistent across NHS and WHS or NHSII and WHS. Elevated circulating BCAA levels were associated with lower breast cancer risk among predominantly premenopausal NHSII women and higher risk among postmenopausal women in NHS but not in the WHS. Additional studies are needed to understand this complex relationship. © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press.
Food-grade lactic acid bacteria and probiotics as a potential protective tool against erythrotoxic dietary xenobiotics; Background: Different studies have evidenced that dietary xenobiotics (DXBs) can produce oxidative damage to erythrocytes, which eventually leads to the development of eryptosis and, ultimately hemolysis. Increased eryptosis and hemolysis have been implicated in the development and progression of some clinical conditions or chronic diseases, mainly from cardiovascular origin. Therefore, new strategies based on agents with antioxidant properties have emerged as a novel approach to reduce induced oxidative stress in exposed erythrocytes. Scope and approach: Specific food-grade lactic acid bacteria and probiotics have exhibited antioxidant properties, likely related to postbiotics, with positive effects against oxidative damage in human erythrocytes. Hence, the aim of this work was to provide an overview of the current knowledge regarding the possible protective role of food-grade LAB and/or probiotics, as well as their metabolites (postbiotics), against the erythrotoxic effect induced by DXBs. The possible mechanisms underlying this protective activity will also be described. Key findings and conclusions: In vitro and in vivo studies have shown that food-grade lactic acid bacteria and/or probiotics have the capacity to improve the enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidant system of erythrocytes, thereby exhibiting protection against induced-oxidative damage by DXBs. The possible mechanisms involve the enhancement of the bioaccessibility of exogenous antioxidant precursor molecules and/or the bioavailability of endogenous antioxidants. Besides, the increased expression of genes that codify for the production of antioxidant enzymes in the host, induced by bacteria-derived byproducts, is not ruled out. © 2021
Potential Benefits of Berry Anthocyanins on Vascular Function; Cardiovascular disease (CVD), such as hypertension and atherosclerosis, is the leading cause of global death. Endothelial dysfunction (ED) is a strong predictor for most CVD making it a therapeutic target for both drug and nutrition interventions. It has been previously shown that polyphenols from wine and grape extracts possess vasodilator activities, due to the increased expression and phosphorylation of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), and consequent vasodilator nitric oxide (NO) production. This is vital in the prevention of ED, as NO production contributes to the maintenance of endothelial homeostasis. Moreover, polyphenols have the ability to inhibit reactive oxygen species (ROS), which can cause oxidative stress, as well as suppress the upregulation of inflammatory markers within the endothelium. However, while the majority of the research has focused on red wine, this has overshadowed the potential of other nutritional components for targeting ED, such as the use of berries. Berries are high in anthocyanin flavonoids a subtype of polyphenols with studies suggesting improved vascular function as a result of inducing NO production and reducing oxidative stress and inflammation. This review focuses on the protective effects of berries within the vasculature. © 2021 Wiley-VCH GmbH
A murine model of the human CREBRFR457Q obesity-risk variant does not influence energy or glucose homeostasis in response to nutritional stress; Obesity and diabetes have strong heritable components, yet the genetic contributions to these diseases remain largely unexplained. In humans, a missense variant in Creb3 regulatory factor (CREBRF) [rs373863828 (p.Arg457Gln); CREBRFR457Q] is strongly associated with increased odds of obesity but decreased odds of diabetes. Although virtually nothing is known about CREBRF’s mechanism of action, emerging evidence implicates it in the adaptive transcriptional response to nutritional stress downstream of TORC1. The objectives of this study were to generate a murine model with knockin of the orthologous variant in mice (CREBRFR458Q) and to test the hypothesis that this CREBRF variant promotes obesity and protects against diabetes by regulating energy and glucose homeostasis downstream of TORC1. To test this hypothesis, we performed extensive phenotypic analysis of CREBRFR458Q knockin mice at baseline and in response to acute (fasting/refeeding), chronic (low- and high-fat diet feeding), and extreme (prolonged fasting) nutritional stress as well as with pharmacological TORC1 inhibition, and aging to 52 weeks. The results demonstrate that the murine CREBRFR458Q model of the human CREBRFR457Q variant does not influence energy/glucose homeostasis in response to these interventions, with the exception of possible greater loss of fat relative to lean mass with age. Alternative preclinical models and/or studies in humans will be required to decipher the mechanisms linking this variant to human health and disease. © 2021 Kanshana et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Clinical experiences with Lactobacillus (2016-2019); The use of Lactobacillus in the clinic is becoming more common. Because of their versatility and apparent safety, the use of these has diversified to treat patients with infectious diseases, irritable bowel syndrome, allergies and cancer. This article aims to review the state of art on the efficacy with the use of Lactobacillus in controlled clinical trials. Human clinical trials published between January 2016 and June 12, 2019 were reviewed at the MEDLINE database. A total of 348 articles were reviewed, of which those using mixtures with other probiotics other than Lactobacillus were discarded, resulting in a total of 74 articles. Among 74 articles reviewed, efficacy was statistically demonstrated in 74% of them. © 2021 Comunicaciones Cientificas Mexicanas S.A. de C.V.. All rights reserved.
Profiles of Glucose Metabolism in Different Prediabetes Phenotypes, Classified by Fasting Glycemia, 2-Hour OGTT, Glycated Hemoglobin, and 1-Hour OGTT: An IMI DIRECT Study; Differences in glucose metabolism among categories of prediabetes have not been systematically investigated. In this longitudinal study, participants (N = 2,111) underwent a 2-h 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at baseline and 48 months. HbA1c was also measured. We classified participants as having isolated prediabetes defect (impaired fasting glucose [IFG], impaired glucose tolerance [IGT], or HbA1c indicative of prediabetes [IA1c]), two defects (IFG+IGT, IFG+IA1c, or IGT+IA1c), or all defects (IFG+IGT+IA1c). b-Cell function (BCF) and insulin sensitivity were assessed from OGTT. At baseline, in pooling of participants with isolated defects, they showed impairment in both BCF and insulin sensitivity compared with healthy control subjects. Pooled groups with two or three defects showed progressive further deterioration. Among groups with isolated defect, those with IGT showed lower insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion at reference glucose (ISRr), and insulin secretion potentiation (P < 0.002). Conversely, those with IA1c showed higher insulin sensitivity and ISRr (P < 0.0001). Among groups with two defects, we similarly found differences in both BCF and insulin sensitivity. At 48 months, we found higher type 2 diabetes incidence for progressively increasing number of prediabetes defects (odds ratio >2, P < 0.008). In conclusion, the prediabetes groups showed differences in type/degree of glucometabolic impairment. Compared with the pooled group with isolated defects, those with double or triple defect showed progressive differences in diabetes incidence. © 2021 by the American Diabetes Association.
Intergenerational effects of the antioxidant Idebenone on the placentas of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus; Experimental models of maternal diabetes lead to the intrauterine programming of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) in the offspring, together with an intrauterine proinflammatory environment, feto-placental metabolic alterations and fetal overgrowth. The aim of this work was to evaluate the effect of the mitochondrial antioxidant Idebenone given to F0 mild pregestational diabetic rats on the development of GDM in their F1 offspring and the intergenerational programming of a pro-oxidant/proinflammatory environment that affects the placentas of F2 fetuses. Control and mild pregestational diabetic female rats (F0) were mated with control males, and Idebenone or vehicle was administered to diabetic rats from day 1 of gestation to term. The F1 female offspring were mated with control males and maternal and fetal plasma samples were obtained for metabolic determinations at term. The F2 fetuses and placentas were weighed, and placental protein levels and peroxynitrite-induced damage (immunohistochemistry), mRNA levels (PCR), nitric oxide production (Griess reaction), and number of apoptotic cells (TUNEL) were evaluated. The F1 offspring of F0 diabetic rats (treated or not with Idebenone) developed GDM. The placentas of GDM rats showed a decrease in the mRNA levels of manganese superoxide dismutase and an increase in the production of nitric oxide, peroxynitrite-induced damage, and connective tissue growth factor levels, alterations that were prevented by the maternal Idebenone treatment in F0 rats. In conclusion, the maternal treatment with Idebenone in pregestational diabetic F0 rats ameliorates the pro-oxidant/proinflammatory environment that affects the placentas of F2 fetuses, although it does not prevent F1 rats from developing GDM. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Influence of dietary behaviors on dyslipidemia in pregnant women and its effects on physical development of fetuses and infants: A bidirectional cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes can alter the trajectory of fetal development, but there are few studies on the effects of abnormal lipid metabolism on physical development of infants. We aimed to explore the prevalence of maternal dyslipidemia, its influencing factors and effects on the physical development of fetuses and infants, as well as the role of leptin in this process. Methods: Questionnaire surveys and main outcome measures were administered among 338 pairs of pregnant women and newborns. Results: The detection rate of maternal dyslipidemia was 31.5%. The median levels of TG (triglyceride) and TG/HDL (high-density lipoprotein) ratio were higher in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborns. Birth weight was positively related to infants’ height and weight at six months and one year old (p < 0.05). Leptin was positively related to TG levels of pregnant women and newborns’ birth weight (p < 0.05). Logistic regression analysis showed that having greater than or equal to four meals a day (OR = 6.552, 95%CI = 1.014–42.338) and liking to eat lightly flavored food during pregnancy (OR = 1.887, 95%CI = 1.048–3.395) were independent risk factors of maternal dyslipidemia. Conclusions: The prevalence of dyslipidemia was relatively high in pregnant women and was affected by dietary behaviors. Abnormal lipid levels during pregnancy could affect weight and length at birth, which might be associated with increasing leptin levels in cord blood, and then the weight of infants would be influenced by birth weight. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).
The effects of hepatitis B virus infection on natural and IVF pregnancy: A meta-analysis study; Background: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) has been considered a significant cause of human reproductive failure in different studies; however, there is a considerable disagreement on the true impacts of HBV on female reproduction. This study has evaluated the impact of HBV infection on pregnancy complications in natural pregnancy and also on pregnancy outcomes in women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment. Method: We searched Embase, Web of Science, PubMed and Google Scholar databases to identify the potentially relevant studies. Summary odds ratio (OR) or standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) was applied to assess the relationship. Heterogeneity testing, sensitivity analysis and publication bias testing were also performed. Results: A total of 42 studies concerning the effect of HBV infection on the natural and IVF pregnancy were included in this study. Our meta-analysis results revealed that HBV infection had a positive correlation to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) [OR = 1.32 (1.17–1.48) (p < 0.01)] and preterm birth [OR = 1.26 (1.14–1.40) (p < 0.01)] in natural pregnancy; however, HBV infection was not significantly associated with decreased fertility rates among the patients who underwent IVF. Conclusion: This study revealed a strong association of GDM and preterm birth with higher rates of HBV infection in pregnant women. Also, our results suggested that HBV infection in patients undergoing IVF may not negatively influence the pregnancy outcome. It may be rational to conclude that IVF might be rather a safe and effective method for HBV+ females who desire to have children. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effects and mechanisms of probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, and postbiotics on metabolic diseases targeting gut microbiota: A narrative review; Metabolic diseases are serious threats to public health and related to gut microbiota. Probi-otics, prebiotics, synbiotics, and postbiotics (PPSP) are powerful regulators of gut microbiota, thus possessing prospects for preventing metabolic diseases. Therefore, the effects and mechanisms of PPSP on metabolic diseases targeting gut microbiota are worth discussing and clarifying. Generally, PPSP benefit metabolic diseases management, especially obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The underlying gut microbial-related mechanisms are mainly the modulation of gut microbiota com-position, regulation of gut microbial metabolites, and improvement of intestinal barrier function. Moreover, clinical trials showed the benefits of PPSP on patients with metabolic diseases, while the clinical strategies for gestational diabetes mellitus, optimal formula of synbiotics and health benefits of postbiotics need further study. This review fully summarizes the relationship between probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, postbiotics, and metabolic diseases, presents promising results and the one in dispute, and especially attention is paid to illustrates potential mechanisms and clinical effects, which could contribute to the next research and development of PPSP. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Role of maternal microbiota and nutrition in early-life neurodevelopmental disorders; The rise in the prevalence of obesity and other related metabolic diseases has been paralleled by an increase in the frequency of neurodevelopmental problems, which has raised the likelihood of a link between these two phenomena. In this scenario, maternal microbiota is a possible linking mechanistic pathway. According to the “Developmental Origins of Health and Disease” paradigm, environmental exposures (in utero and early life) can permanently alter the body’s structure, physiology, and metabolism, increasing illness risk and/or speeding up disease progression in offspring, adults, and even generations. Nutritional exposure during early developmental stages may induce susceptibility to the later development of human diseases via interactions in the microbiome, including alterations in brain function and behavior of offspring, as explained by the gut–brain axis theory. This review provides an overview of the implications of maternal nutrition on neurodevelopmental disorders and the establishment and maturation of gut microbiota in the offspring. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation improves insulin resistance by preventing hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress in diet-induced gestational diabetes rats; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications and results in adverse outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring. Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress is associated with insulin resistance and implicates in the development of GDM. Zinc, selenium and chromium have been shown to maintain glucose homeostasis via multiple mechanisms, but how these trace elements affect the insulin resistance and ER stress in GDM are largely unknown. To address this, a GDM rat model was induced by feeding female Sprague-Dawley rats a high-fat (45%) and sucrose diet, while zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 ug/kg.bw), chromium (20 ug/kg.bw) were daily supplemented alone or in combination from 6 weeks before mating to the end of lactation period. Maternal metabolic parameters, hepatic ER stress and insulin signaling were analyzed. The results showed that zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation dramatically alleviated high-fat and sucrose-induced glucose intolerance and oxidative stress during entire experiment period. Hepatic ER stress as well as the unfolded protein response was activated in GDM dams, characterized by the up-regulation of glucose-regulated protein 78, phosphorylated the protein kinase RNA-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase, and the inositol-requiring enzyme 1α. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation significantly prevented this activation, by which contributes to the promotion of the phosphorylated protein kinase B related insulin signaling and maintenance of glucose homeostasis. In conclusion, zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may be a promising way to prevent the development of GDM by alleviating hepatic ER stress. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Adipose-derived lipid-binding proteins: The good, the bad and the metabolic diseases; Adipose tissue releases a large range of bioactive factors called adipokines, many of which are involved in inflammation, glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Under pathological conditions such as obesity, most of the adipokines are upregulated and considered as deleterious, due to their pro-inflammatory, pro-atherosclerotic or pro-diabetic properties, while only a few are downregulated and would be designated as beneficial adipokines, thanks to their counteracting properties against the onset of comorbidities. This review focuses on six adipose-derived lipid-binding proteins that have emerged as key factors in the development of obesity and diabetes: Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4), Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4), Apolipoprotein D (APOD), Lipocalin-2 (LCN2), Lipocalin-14 (LCN14) and Apolipoprotein M (APOM). These proteins share structural homology and capacity to bind small hydrophobic molecules but display opposite effects on glucose and lipid metabolism. RBP4 and FABP4 are positively associated with metabolic syndrome, while APOD and LCN2 are ubiquitously expressed proteins with deleterious or beneficial effects, depending on their anatomical site of expression. LCN14 and APOM have been recently identified as adipokines associated with healthy metabolism. Recent findings on these lipid-binding proteins exhibiting detrimental or protective roles in human and murine metabolism and their involvement in metabolic diseases are also discussed. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Anti-diabetic properties of bioactive components from fish and milk; Milk and fish are two important nutrient rich foods that have shown to possess positive effects in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Recent evidence from several interventional studies in humans have demonstrated the beneficial effects of bioactive proteins, peptides, and fatty acids derived from fish and milk sources in the prevention and management of T2DM. The anti-diabetic compounds present in the fish are proteins, peptides, and ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), while milk bioactive compounds are casein, casein derived peptides, whey proteins, and whey protein derived peptides. Fish and milk derived bioactive proteins, peptides and fatty acids exhibited anti-diabetic effects through several mechanisms. This review mainly focuses on the recent studies related to the anti-diabetic activities of fish and milk derived bioactive compounds (proteins, peptides, fatty acids) in humans, animals and in vitro, and mechanisms of action of these bioactive compounds in the management of T2DM. © 2021 The Authors
The Aryl hydrocarbon receptor mediates reproductive toxicity of polychlorinated biphenyl congener 126 in rats; Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are endocrine disrupting chemicals with documented, though mechanistically ill-defined, reproductive toxicity. The toxicity of dioxin-like PCBs, such as PCB126, is mediated via the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) in non-ovarian tissues. The goal of this study was to examine the uterine and ovarian effects of PCB126 and test the hypothesis that the AHR is required for PCB126-induced reproductive toxicity. Female Holzman-Sprague Dawley wild type (n = 14; WT) and Ahr knock out (n = 11; AHR−/−) rats received a single intraperitoneal injection of either corn oil vehicle (5 ml/kg: WT_O and AHR−/−_O) or PCB126 (1.63 mg/kg in corn oil: WT_PCB and AHR−/−_PCB) at four weeks of age. The estrous cycle was synchronized and ovary and uterus were collected 28 days after exposure. In WT rats, PCB126 exposure reduced (P < 0.05) body and ovary weight, uterine gland number, uterine area, progesterone, 17β-estradiol and anti-Müllerian hormone level, secondary and antral follicle and corpora lutea number but follicle stimulating hormone level increased (P < 0.05). In AHR−/− rats, PCB126 exposure increased (P ≤ 0.05) circulating luteinizing hormone level. Ovarian or uterine mRNA abundance of biotransformation, and inflammation genes were altered (P < 0.05) in WT rats due to PCB126 exposure. In AHR−/− rats, the transcriptional effects of PCB126 were restricted to reductions (P < 0.05) in three inflammatory genes. These findings support a functional role for AHR in the female reproductive tract, illustrate AHR's requirement in PCB126-induced reprotoxicity, and highlight the potential risk of dioxin-like compounds on female reproduction. © 2021
The association between branched-chain amino acids (Bcaas) and cardiometabolic risk factors in middle-aged caucasian women stratified according to glycemic status; We examined the glycemic status-stratified relationships between total serum branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) concentrations and cardiometabolic risk factors in middle-aged Caucasian women. The study included 349 women divided into 2 subgroups: a normoglycemic group (NG, n = 184) and a dysglycemic group (DG, n = 165). Blood samples, anthropometric parameters, and blood pressure were measured. HOMA-IR, albumin-corrected calcium (CCa), and fatty liver index (FLI) were calculated. BCAA concentrations were higher in the women with dysglycemia. BCAAs moderately correlated with BMI and FLI in the NG group and with BMI, FLI, total calcium (TCa), CCa, HbA1c, TG/HDL-C, and HDL-C in the DG group. After adjusting for age and BMI, correlations for TCa, CCa, HbA1c, HDL-C, and TG/HDL-C remained significant. The coexistence of increased BCAAs with dysglycemic status was associated with markedly higher concentrations of TCa, CCa, HbA1c, and TG, which were not observed in the DG women with low level of BCAAs. Multiple regression showed that TCa or CCa, age and BCAAs were significantly associated with HbA1c independently of BMI only in the DG group. We conclude that dysglycemia in particular predisposes women to a significant relationship between total BCAAs and circulating calcium and HbA1c, and that these relationships are independent of BMI and may reflect the pathophysiological calcium-dependent mechanisms connecting BCAAs with metabolic disturbances. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Can we modulate the breastfed infant gut microbiota through maternal diet?; Initial colonisation of the infant gut is robustly influenced by regular ingestion of human milk, a substance that contains microbes, microbial metabolites, immune proteins and oligosaccharides. Numerous factors have been identified as potential determinants of the human milk and infant gut microbiota, including maternal diet; however, there is limited data on the influence of maternal diet during lactation on either of these. Here, we review the processes thought to contribute to human milk and infant gut bacterial colonisation and provide a basis for considering the role of maternal dietary patterns during lactation in shaping infant gut microbial composition and function. Although only one observational study has directly investigated the influence of maternal diet during lactation on the infant gut microbiome, data from animal studies suggests that modulation of the maternal gut microbiota, via diet or probiotics, may influence the mammary or milk microbiota. Additionally, evidence from human studies suggests that the maternal diet during pregnancy may affect the gut microbiota of the breastfed infant. Together, there is a plausible hypothesis that maternal diet during lactation may influence the infant gut microbiota. If substantiated in further studies, this may present a potential window of opportunity for modulating the infant gut microbiome in early life.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of FEMS.
Metabolic Disease Programming: From Mitochondria to Epigenetics, Glucocorticoid Signalling and Beyond; Embryonic and foetal development are critical periods of development in which several environmental cues determine health and disease in adulthood. Maternal conditions and an unfavourable intrauterine environment impact foetal development and may programme the offspring for increased predisposition to metabolic diseases and other chronic pathologic conditions throughout adult life. Previously, non-communicable chronic diseases were only associated with genetics and lifestyle. Now the origins of non-communicable chronic diseases are associated with early-life adaptations that produce long-term dysfunction. Early-life environment sets the long-term health and disease risk and can span through multiple generations. Recent research in developmental programming aims at identifying the molecular mechanisms responsible for developmental programming outcomes that impact cellular physiology and trigger adulthood disease. The identification of new therapeutic targets can improve offspring's health management and prevent or overcome adverse consequences of foetal programming. This review summarizes recent biomedical discoveries in the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) hypothesis and highlight possible developmental programming mechanisms, including prenatal structural defects, metabolic (mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, protein modification), epigenetic and glucocorticoid signalling-related mechanisms suggesting molecular clues for the causes and consequences of programming of increased susceptibility of offspring to metabolic disease after birth. Identifying mechanisms involved in DOHaD can contribute to early interventions in pregnancy or early childhood, to re-set the metabolic homeostasis and break the chain of subsequent events that could lead to the development of disease. © 2021 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Recent updates on animal models for understanding the etiopathogenesis of polycystic ovarian syndrome; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the primary cause of female infertility affecting several women worldwide. Changes in hormonal functions such as hyperandrogenism are considered a significant factor in developing PCOS in women. In addition, many molecular pathways are involved in the pathogenesis of PCOS in women. To have better insights about PCOS, it is data from clinical studies carried on women suffering from PCOS should be collected. However, this approach has several implications, including ethical considerations, cost involved and availability of subject. Moreover, during the early drug development process, it is always advisable to use non-human models mimicking human physiology as they are less expensive, readily available, have a shorter gestation period and less risk involved. Many animal models have been reported that resemble the PCOS pathways in human subjects. However, the models developed on rats and mice are more preferred over other rodent/non-rodent models due to their closer resemblance with human PCOS development mechanism. The most extensively reported PCOS models for rats and mice include those induced by using testosterone, letrozole and estradiol valerate. As the pathophysiology of PCOS is complex, none of the explored models completely surrogates the PCOS related conditions occurring in women. Hence, there is a need to develop an animal model that can resemble the pathophysiology of PCOS in women. The review focuses on various animal models explored to understand the pathophysiology of PCOS. The article also highlights some environmental and food-related models that have been used to induce PCOS. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Dietary bioactive ingredients modulating the camp signaling in diabetes treatment; As the prevalence of diabetes increases progressively, research to develop new therapeutic approaches and the search for more bioactive compounds are attracting more attention. Over the past decades, studies have suggested that cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP), the important intracellular second messenger, is a key regulator of metabolism and glucose homeostasis in diverse physiopathological states in multiple organs including the pancreas, liver, gut, skeletal muscle, adipose tissues, brain, and kidney. The multiple characteristics of dietary compounds and their favorable influence on diabetes pathogenesis, as well as their intersections with the cAMP signaling path-way, indicate that these compounds have a beneficial effect on the regulation of glucose homeostasis. In this review, we outline the current understanding of the diverse functions of cAMP in different organs involved in glucose homeostasis and show that a diversity of bioactive ingredients from foods activate or inhibit cAMP signaling, resulting in the improvement of the diabetic pathophysiological process. It aims to highlight the diabetes‐preventative or ‐therapeutic potential of dietary bioactive ingredients targeting cAMP signaling. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Increased fibroblast growth factor 21 (Fgf21) concentration in early second trimester amniotic fluid and its association with fetal growth; Altered fetal growth, either reduced or exacerbated, is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. The underlying pathogenetic mechanisms of altered growth remain unclear. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) and insulin are both considered to be major regulators of tissue growth and metabolism. The aim of our study was to investigate the association of second trimester amni-otic fluid FGF21 and insulin concentrations with fetal growth. The amniotic fluid concentrations of FGF21 and insulin were determined in 80 cases of different fetal growth patterns (SGA—small for gestational age, LGA—large for gestational age, and AGA—appropriate for gestational age fetuses). Both peptides were found to be increased in cases of abnormal fetal growth, reduced growth veloc-ity (SGA), or macrosomia (LGA). Specifically, FGF21 was significantly increased, as higher FGF21 levels were observed in the amniotic fluid of SGA and LGA fetuses compared with AGA fetuses (p < 0.05). Furthermore, the more severe the fetal smallness, the higher the FGF21 levels (p < 0.05). Similarly, higher insulin levels were noted in the amniotic fluid of SGA and LGA fetuses compared with those in AGA fetuses, though this was not statistically significant (p > 0.05). Again, the more severe the reduced fetal growth, the higher the insulin levels. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Serum Afamin a Novel Marker of Increased Hepatic Lipid Content; Aim: Afamin is a liver-produced glycoprotein, a potential early marker of metabolic syndrome. Here we investigated regulation of afamin in a course of the metabolic disease development and in response to 3-month exercise intervention. Methods: We measured whole-body insulin sensitivity (euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp), glucose tolerance, abdominal adiposity, hepatic lipid content (magnetic resonance imaging/spectroscopy), habitual physical activity (accelerometers) and serum afamin (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) in 71 middle-aged men with obesity, prediabetes and newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Effects of 3-month exercise were investigated in 22 overweight-to-obese middle-aged individuals (16M/6F). Results: Prediabetes and type 2 diabetes, but not obesity, were associated with increased serum afamin (p<0.001). Afamin correlated positively with hepatic lipids, fatty liver index and liver damage markers; with parameters of adiposity (waist circumference, %body fat, adipocyte diameter) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-IR; p<0.001 all). Moreover, afamin negatively correlated with whole-body insulin sensitivity (M-value/Insulin, p<0.001). Hepatic lipids and fasting insulinemia were the most important predictors of serum afamin, explaining >63% of its variability. Exercise-related changes in afamin were paralleled by reciprocal changes in insulinemia, insulin resistance and visceral adiposity. No significant change in hepatic lipid content was observed. Conclusions: Subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes had the highest serum afamin levels. Afamin was more tightly related to hepatic lipid accumulation, liver damage and insulin resistance than to obesity. © Copyright © 2021 Kurdiova, Balaz, Kovanicova, Zemkova, Kuzma, Belan, Payer, Gasperikova, Dieplinger, Ukropcova and Ukropec.
Anti-inflammatory and anticancer effects of microalgal carotenoids; Acute inflammation is a key component of the immune system's response to pathogens, toxic agents, or tissue injury, involving the stimulation of defense mechanisms aimed to removing pathogenic factors and restoring tissue homeostasis. However, uncontrolled acute inflammatory response may lead to chronic inflammation, which is involved in the development of many diseases, including cancer. Nowadays, the need to find new potential therapeutic compounds has raised the worldwide scientific interest to study the marine environment. Specifically, microalgae are considered rich sources of bioactive molecules, such as carotenoids, which are natural isoprenoid pigments with important beneficial effects for health due to their biological activities. Carotenoids are essential nutrients for mammals, but they are unable to synthesize them; instead, a dietary intake of these compounds is required. Carotenoids are classified as carotenes (hydrocarbon carotenoids), such as a- and |3 -carotene, and xanthophylls (oxygenate derivatives) including zeaxanthin, astaxanthin, fucoxanthin, lutein, a- and 3-cryptoxanthin, and canthaxanthin. This review summarizes the present up-to-date knowledge of the anti-inflammatory and anticancer activities of microalgal carotenoids both in vitro and in vivo, as well as the latest status of human studies for their potential use in prevention and treatment of inflammatory diseases and cancer. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Circadian Clock-Controlled Checkpoints in the Pathogenesis of Complex Disease; The circadian clock coordinates physiology, metabolism, and behavior with the 24-h cycles of environmental light. Fundamental mechanisms of how the circadian clock regulates organ physiology and metabolism have been elucidated at a rapid speed in the past two decades. Here we review circadian networks in more than six organ systems associated with complex disease, which cluster around metabolic disorders, and seek to propose critical regulatory molecules controlled by the circadian clock (named clock-controlled checkpoints) in the pathogenesis of complex disease. These include clock-controlled checkpoints such as circadian nuclear receptors in liver and muscle tissues, chemokines and adhesion molecules in the vasculature. Although the progress is encouraging, many gaps in the mechanisms remain unaddressed. Future studies should focus on devising time-dependent strategies for drug delivery and engagement in well-characterized organs such as the liver, and elucidating fundamental circadian biology in so far less characterized organ systems, including the heart, blood, peripheral neurons, and reproductive systems. © Copyright © 2021 Li, Xin, Yuan, Yang, Li, Tian, Zhang, Zhang, Han, Chen, Duan, Ju, Chen, Deng, He and Biological Rhythm Academic Consortium in Chongqing (BRACQ).
Exposure to Perfluoro-Octanoic Acid Associated With Upstream Uncoupling of the Insulin Signaling in Human Hepatocyte Cell Line; Perfluoro–alkyl substances (PFAS) are chemical pollutants with prevalent stability and environmental persistence. Exposure to PFAS, particularly perfluoro-octanoic acid (PFOA), has been associated with increased diabetes-related cardiovascular mortality in subjects residing areas of high environmental contamination, however the exact pathogenic mechanism remains elusive. Here we used HepG2 cells, an in vitro model of human hepatocyte, to investigate the possible role of PFOA exposure in the alteration of hepatic glucose metabolism. HepG2 cells were exposed for 24 hours to PFOA at increasing concentration from 0 to 1000 ng/mL and then stimulated with 100 nm Insulin (Ins). The consequent effect on glycogen synthesis, glucose uptake and Glut-4 glucose transporter translocation was then evaluated by, respectively, Periodic Acid Schiff (PAS) staining, 2-deoxyglucose (2-DG) uptake assay and immunofluorescence. Exposure to PFOA was associated with reduced glycogen synthesis and glucose uptake, at concentration equal or greater than, respectively, 0,1 ng/mL and 10 ng/mL, with parallel impaired membrane translocation of Glut-4 upon Ins stimulation. Western blot analysis showed early uncoupling of Insulin Receptor (InsR) activation from the downstream Akt and GSK3 phosphorylation. Computational docking analysis disclosed the possible stabilizing effect of PFOA on the complex between InsR and GM3 ganglioside, previously shown to be associated with the low grade chronic inflammation-related insulin resistance. Consistently, long term treatment with glucosyl-ceramide synthase inhibitor PDMP was able to largely restore glycogen synthesis, glucose uptake and Glut-4 translocation upon Ins stimulation in HepG2 exposed to PFOA. Our data support a novel pathogenic mechanism linking exposure to PFOA to derangement of hepatocyte cell metabolism. © Copyright © 2021 De Toni, Di Nisio, Rocca, Guidolin, Della Marina, Bertazza, Sut, Purpura, Pannella, Garolla and Foresta.
Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations and Liver Fat Among School-Age Children; Background and Aims: Gestational diabetes seems to be associated with offspring NAFLD. We hypothesized that maternal glucose concentrations across the full range may have persistent effects on offspring liver fat accumulation. Approach and Results: In a multiethnic, population-based, prospective cohort study among 2,168 women and their offspring, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were measured at a median of 13.1 weeks’ gestation (95% CI, 9.6-17.2). Liver fat fraction was measured at 10 years by MRI. NAFLD was defined as liver fat fraction ≥5.0%. We performed analyses among all mothers with different ethnic backgrounds and those of European ancestry only. The multiethnic group had a median maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration of 4.3 mmol/L (interquartile range, 3.9-4.9) and a 2.8% (n = 60) prevalence of NAFLD. The models adjusted for child age and sex only showed that in the multiethnic group, higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with higher liver fat accumulation and higher odds of NAFLD, but these associations attenuated into nonsignificance after adjustment for potential confounders. Among mothers of European ancestry only, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with increased odds of NAFLD (OR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.32; 2.88, after adjustment for confounders) per 1-mmol/L increase in maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration. These associations were not explained by maternal prepregnancy and childhood body mass index, visceral fat, and metabolic markers. Conclusions: In this study, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were only among mothers of European ancestry associated with offspring NAFLD. The associations of higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations with offspring NAFLD may differ between ethnic groups. © 2021 The Authors. Hepatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Targeting c-Met and AXL crosstalk for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma; Recently, efforts in developing effective therapeutics for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) focused on systemic therapy by means of multikinase and immune checkpoint inhibition. However, a desirable response has not yet been achieved in HCC treatment due to rapid development of resistance against systemic therapeutics. Receptor crosstalk, a key mechanism in drug resistance, enables ligand-independent activation of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). c-Met and AXL are members of the RTK family, both well-known for heterodimerizing with other RTKs causing aberrant signaling, aggressive character, and therapy resistance. A large body of preclinical and clinical data suggested correlations between c-Met and AXL in expression and activation in tumors, upregulating migration and invasion. Co-targeting these receptors is promising and has shown to enable improvements in antitumor efficacy of several therapy methods. HCC patients with elevated expression and activation of c-Met and AXL would benefit from dual inhibition that limits this crosstalk and allows to overcome therapy resistance. In this book chapter, we provide an overview of the role of c-Met and Axl signaling in HCC and share our experience and view on scientific rationale for targeting crosstalk between these two RTKs for the treatment of HCC. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021. All rights reserved.
Impacts of PBDE-47 exposure before, during and after pregnancy on the maternal gut microbiome and its association with host metabolism; Maternal gut microbiota play an important role in the modulation of offspring disease susceptibility and gut microbiota dysbiosis has been proposed as a mechanism through which toxic environmental chemicals exert their adverse impacts on health. The brominated flame retardants polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are developmental toxicants and induce dysbiotic gut microbiota in offspring. Yet, whether and how PBDEs impact the maternal gut microbiota remain unclear. Here, we sought to investigate the effect of 2,2′,4,4′-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE-47) exposure from preconception through lactation cessation on maternal gut microbiota and its link to host serum metabolic consequences. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were daily exposed to 10 mg/kg PBDE-47 via oral gavage from ten days before conception until offspring were weaned on postnatal day 21, then maternal fecal and blood samples were collected for microbiome and metabolome analyses by using 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, respectively. Maternal exposure to PBDE-47 showed a distinct profile in gut microbiota compared to control dams, as evidenced by increased Actinobacteria phylum and genera Blautia, Gemella and Phascolarctobacterium, and decreased genera AF12 and Oscillospira. Additionally, global metabolomics analysis identified 26 differential serum metabolites to distinguish PBDE-47 from controls, which were mainly involved in amino acid, lipid, carbohydrate and energy metabolism, further confirmed by pathway analysis. Importantly, the differential serum metabolites are closely correlated with the disturbed gut microbiota in response to PBDE-47. Collectively, our results suggest that maternal gut microbial dysbiosis may serve as a potential mechanism underlying PBDE-47-elicited health hazards to mothers or even offspring. © 2021 The Authors
Gut microbiota-related metabolome analysis based on chromatography-mass spectrometry; Gut microbiota can either contribute to the host development and health, or lead to the pathogenesis of various diseases in the case of imbalance. Microbial metabolites can act as functional molecules in mediating microbiota-host cross-talk and modulating host phenotype. There is an increasing demand for metabolomics. This review firstly summarizes the general scheme and methods for identifying important gut microbiota derived metabolites related to health and disease by integrating metabolomics and gut microbiome. And then chromatography-mass spectrometry-based methods for microbiota related metabolite analysis are reviewed. Representative methods developed in the past decade are highlighted mainly with respect to targeted analysis and non-targeted analysis. The former deals with short chain fatty acids, bile acids, tryptophan-related metabolites, and methylamines, and the latter includes sample collection and preparation, separation, detection and metabolite structure annotation. Perspectives on the future directions and challenges of metabolomics in microbiota-related host health/disease studies are also presented. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Selenium supplementation and oxidative stress: A review; Background: Oxidative stress is defined as an imbalance between the production of oxidants (free radicals or reactive oxygen species) and their eradication by protective mechanisms, such as antioxidants (vitamin C, vitamin E, b-carotene, selenium and methionine). Increased oxidative stress is associated with metabolic risk factors and may contribute to the development of several obesity-related comorbidities, including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and atherosclerosis. Methods: The present review aimed to evaluate the effects of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers. We have searched PubMed, Scopus, ISI web of science, Embase and the Cochrane library databases were searched to evaluate the clinical efficacy. Results: We detected 14 studies that evaluated the effect of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers n adults. Conclusions: Several studies have shown that Supplementation with selenium significantly reduce Malondialdehyde levels and increase Glutathione and total antioxidant capacity levels. © 2021
The Impact of Social Support and Pregnancy on Subjective Well-Being: A Systematic Review; Background: Subjective well-being (SWB) has a protective role in mental health maintenance and is prone to change during short stressful moments, such as pregnancy. Longstanding research suggests that social support (SS) from the partner and family members of pregnant women directly or indirectly acts as a buffer against negative mental outcomes. For happier pregnancies, it is important to understand how SS and pregnancy affect the SWB. Objective: This review aims to examine the extended association of being pregnant and SS on the SWB of pregnant women. Methods: A systematic review was conducted in PubMed, ScienceDirect, and Google Scholar. Articles published in peer-reviewed journals were included regardless of the year and if they had assessed the impact of at least one SWB or SS outcome among healthy pregnant women. The tools of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute were used for quality assessment. Results: Thirty-four studies that assessed the domains of SWB measurements, such as happiness, quality of life (QoL), life satisfaction, positive and negative effects, and well-being, were included and its association with either pregnancy or SS was summarized. Variable results, such as life satisfaction, happiness, and mental component of QoL, were found to be high during pregnancy, but positive emotion and physical components of QoL had decreased. Almost universally, SS during pregnancy was found to have a positive association with all measurements of SWB. Conclusion: This study had found that, despite some arising trends, pregnancy itself does not necessarily have similar impacts on SWB across healthy pregnant women. However, SS had a significant effect on SWB. © Copyright © 2021 Battulga, Benjamin, Chen and Bat-Enkh.
Imbalanced inflammatory response in subchronic arsenic-induced liver injury and the protective effects of Ginkgo biloba extract in rats: Potential role of cytokines mediated cell–cell interactions; Arsenic is a well-known environmental toxicant and carcinogen, which has been epidemiologically proved related to the increased hepatic disorders. Researches have shown that aseptic inflammation and abnormal immune response are associated with arsenic-induced liver injury. However, the immunotoxic effects of liver have not been extensively characterized. Ginkgo biloba extract (GBE), a natural products of G. biloba leaves with proven anti-inflammatory and potential immunoregulatory activities, was used as intervention agent to explore its protective effects on arsenic-induced hepatotoxicity. Thus, the underlying mechanism of the immunotoxic effects on arsenic-induced liver injury were investigated in 2.5, 5.0, and 10.0 mg/kg NaAsO2 of Wistar rats for 16 weeks. Subsequently, GBE was used as intervention agent in 50 mg/kg for 6 weeks after cessation of arsenic exposure. The ratio of Th17 to Treg cells in peripheral blood as well as the secretion of inflammatory cytokines IL-17A, IL-6, TGF-β1, and IL-10 in serum and liver were detected. Meanwhile, the notable activation of aseptic inflammation-related molecule TLR4 and its downstream targets MyD88 and NF-κB in the liver were observed. In this work, we confirmed that subchronic exposed to arsenic triggered the infiltration of inflammatory cells in rat liver, coupled with obvious histopathological changes and aberrant hepatic serum biochemical parameters. Meanwhile, imbalanced immune response was verified by the notable abnormal ratio of Th17 to Treg cells in peripheral blood as well as the secretion of inflammatory cytokines IL-17A, IL-6, TGF-β1, and IL-10 in serum and liver of arsenic exposed rats. Further, the level of TLR4, MyD88, and NF-κB in liver both transcription and translation activity were raised. Subsequently, GBE markedly mitigated arsenic-induced liver injury, most impressively, post treatment with GBE prominently suppressed the overactivated inflammatory-related TLR4-MyD88-NF-κB pathway and evidently decreased the secretion of inflammation cytokines. Meanwhile, the disturbance of pro- and anti-inflammatory response was reversed. We concluded that the disruption of pro- and anti-inflammatory T-cells balance caused by cytokines mediated cell–cell interactions may be one of the mechanisms underlying arsenic-induced liver injury and that GBE intervention exerts an evidence protective effects, which might be closely associated with the suppression of inflammatory-related TLR4 pathway. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Resveratrol and endoplasmic reticulum stress: A review of the potential protective mechanisms of the polyphenol; The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is an organelle that performs a set of essential functions in cellular biology. These include synthesis of lipids, homeostasis of calcium, and controlling the folding of proteins. Inflammation and oxidative stress are two important reasons behind the accumulation of misfolded or unfolded proteins in the ER. In such circumstances, a series of measures are undertaken in the cell which are collectively called unfolded protein response (UPR). The aim of UPR is to reduce the burden of protein aggregates and promote survival. However, extended and unrestricted ER stress (ERS) can induce further inflammation and apoptosis. ERS and the UPR are involved in different diseases such as neurodegenerative and cardiovascular diseases. Resveratrol (RSV), a natural polyphenol, has well-documented evidence supporting its numerous biological properties including antioxidant, antiinflammatory, antiobesity, antidiabetic, and antiischemic activities. The compound is also known for its potential beneficial effects on cognitive function and liver, kidney, and lung health. In this review, the role of ERS in several pathological conditions and the potential protective effects of RSV are discussed. However, the scarcity of clinical data means that more research needs to be conducted to gain a lucid understanding of RSV's effects on endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) in humans. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association between gestational cannabis exposure and maternal, perinatal, placental, and childhood outcomes; Globally, the availability and formulations for the administration of cannabis are changing with decriminalization or legalization of recreational use in some jurisdictions, and the prescription of cannabis also occurring. These changes are likely to affect the prevalence of use, including by women of childbearing age. The effects of in utero and infant alcohol and tobacco exposure are well-documented, but the outcomes of cannabis exposure are less certain. The content of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of cannabis has progressively increased over several decades. This review explores the limited knowledge surrounding the epidemiology of gestational and postnatal cannabis exposure and implications for the mother-placenta-fetus/neonate triad. We examine cannabis' effects from antenatal and lactation exposure on (a) pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, (b) placental health, and (c) longer term cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risks and outcomes. Though definitive outcomes are lacking, gestational cannabis has been associated with increased risk of other substance use during pregnancy; impaired placental blood flow; increased risk of small for gestational age births; and associated complications. Childhood and adolescent outcomes are sparsely assessed, with suggested outcomes including increased risk of depression and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Cardiometabolic implications of gestational cannabis use may include maternal fatty liver, obesity, insulin resistance, and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with potential consequences for the fetus. Clinical implications for pediatric practice were explored in a bid to understand any potential risk or impact on child health and development. © 2021 Cambridge University Press. All rights reserved.
Probiotics: A new target for metabolic disease regulation; Metabolic syndrome is a construct relating to a series of metabolic dysfunctions attributable to insulin resistance and obesity. In recent years, the incidence of metabolic diseases has gradually increased, which seriously affecting the quality of life of individuals, and has become a worldwide public health problem. The prevalence of metabolic disorders is associated with dynamic changes in dietary macronutrient intake and lifestyle changes during the past decades. Recently, the scientific community has considered alteration in gut microbiota composition to constitute one of the most probable factors in the development of metabolic disorders. How to improve metabolic syndrome by regulating the gut microbiota has become a research hotspot. Probiotics, as a living microorganism beneficial to human health, has been widely applied in different foods, which can improve blood glucose, regulate blood lipid and reduce insulin resistance and cholesterol by regulating gut microbiota. Animal experiments and clinical trials demonstrated that probiotics, especially Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium, had a good effect on the improvement of metabolic syndrome, showing the features of weight loss, lowering blood lipid, blood pressure and blood sugar and so on. Studies have shown that probiotics play a regulatory role in metabolic syndrome. Firstly, the data showed that the fat synthesis had been inhibited and its dissolves had been enhanced by probiotics. Secondly, probiotics protected pancreatic islet cells, improved insulin sensitivity and accelerated glucose transport. Finally, probiotics also increased the converse of cholesterol and the excretion of bile acid, and released angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides. However, some people hold neutral or opposing views. The paper reviewed the specific effects and mechanisms of probiotics in metabolic diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension, and the problems which will be faced in application, so as to provide new ideas for the industrial development and application of probiotics in the future. Although probiotics have shown excellent performances in regulating metabolic diseases, there is still a long way to achieve their clinical applications. Some of the proposed experimental evidence and mechanisms specifically targeting metabolic diseases effects remain inconclusive, and differences in probiotic strains, dosages and duration of effects remain to be explored. Therefore, more specific and thorough in vivo and clinical trials will need to be designed in the future to improve our understanding and eliminate uncertainty. Meanwhile, there are currently no standard safety guidelines for oral probiotics and prebiotics for use in human. Therefore, each probiotics and prebiotics should be carefully evaluated to identify potential adverse reactions. Future research is needed to increase our understanding of the complex interactions between gut and ingesting microbes. Nevertheless, we still believe that probiotics are expected to play an important role in metabolic diseases in the near future. © 2021, Science Press. All right reserved.
30-Day spexin treatment of mice with diet-induced obesity (DIO) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM) increases insulin sensitivity, improves liver functions and metabolic status; Spexin (SPX) is a 14 aa peptide discovered in 2007 using bioinformatics methods. SPX inhibits food intake and regulates lipid, and carbohydrate metabolism. Here, we evaluate the ability of SPX at improving metabolic control and liver function in obese and type 2 diabetic animals. The effects of 30 days SPX treatment of mice with experimentally induced obesity (DIO) or type 2 diabetes (T2DM) on serum glucose and lipid levels, insulin sensitivity and hormonal profile (insulin, glucagon, adiponectin, leptin, TNF alpha, IL-6 and IL-1β) are characterized. In addition, alterations of hepatic lipid and glycogen contents are evaluated. We report that SPX decreases body weight in healthy and DIO mice, and reduces lipid content in all three animal groups. SPX improves insulin sensitivity in DIO and T2DM animals. In addition, SPX modulates hormonal and metabolic profile by regulating the concentration of adiponectin (concentration increase) and leptin (concentration decrease) in the serum blood of DIO and T2DM mice. Lastly, SPX decreases lipid content as well as IL-6 and TNF-α protein levels in liver of DIO and T2DM mice, and reduces IL-6 and TNF-alpha concentrations in the serum derived from T2DM mice. Based on our results, we conclude that SPX could be involved in the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus and it can be further evaluated as a potential target for therapy of DIO and T2DM. © 2021 The Authors
A comparative account of nesfatin-1 in vertebrates; Nesfatin-1 was discovered as an anorexigenic peptide derived from proteolytic cleavage of the prepropeptide, nucleobindin 2 (NUCB2). It is widely expressed in central as well as peripheral tissues and is known to have pleiotropic effects such as regulation of feeding, reproduction, cardiovascular functions and maintenance of glucose homeostasis. In order to execute its multifaceted role, nesfatin-1 employs diverse signaling pathways though its receptor has not been identified till date. Further, nesfatin-1 is reported to be under the regulatory effect of feeding state, nutritional status as well as several metabolic and reproductive hormones. This peptide has also been associated with variety of human diseases, especially metabolic, reproductive, cardiovascular and mental disorders. The current review is aimed to present a consolidated picture and highlight lacunae for further investigation in order to develop a deeper comprehensive understanding on physiological significance of nesfatin-1 in vertebrates. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
The interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. Epidemiological studies have reported that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and a high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration are risk factors for GDM in the middle trimester. However, no consistent conclusions have been reached, especially in Chinese pregnant women. A case-control study was conducted to better understand the associations between NAFLD and Hb concentration in the first trimester and the risk of GDM and their interactive effects. Multivariable logistic regression analysis and a cross-product term of Hb and steatosis were used to evaluate the associations between first trimester Hb concentration, steatosis, and GDM and their interactive effects. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using two-sided statistical tests at an alpha level of 0.05. For the study, 1,017 normal pregnant women, and 343 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM (25.22%) were recruited from the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Shanxi Province, China. NAFLD-associated steatosis was found to be independent risk factors for developing GDM compared with grade 0 steatosis, with ORs of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.35- 2.89) and 2.27 (95% CI:1.29-3.96), respectively. Meanwhile, a high Hb concentration was found to be a risk factor for developing GDM compared with the normal Hb concentration (OR = 1.88; 95% CI:1.24-2.83). The risk of developing GDM was more pronounced among pregnant women who had both high-grade steatosis and higher Hb concentrations during their first trimester (OR = 6.24; 95% CI: 1.81-23.66). However, we found no significant interactions between Hb concentration and steatosis grade. In conclusion, our study confirmed that a high Hb concentration and NAFLD-associated steatosis during the first trimester play important roles in predicting the risk of GDM in Chinese women. Future studies are required to verify the interactive effects between NAFLD-associated steatosis and Hb concentration.  © 2021 Li et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Epigenome-wide association study reveals methylation loci associated with offspring gestational diabetes mellitus exposure and maternal methylome; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance in offspring later in life, which might be explained by epigenetic changes in response to maternal hyperglycemic exposure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We explored the association between GDM exposure and maternal blood and newborn cord blood methylation in 536 mother-offspring pairs from the prospective FinnGeDi cohort using Illumina MethylationEPIC 850K BeadChip arrays. We assessed two hypotheses. First, we tested for shared maternal and offspring epigenetic effects resulting from GDM exposure. Second, we tested whether GDM exposure and maternal methylation had an epigenetic effect on the offspring. RESULTS We did not find any epigenetic marks (differentially methylated CpG probes) with shared and consistent effects between mothers and offspring. After including maternal methylation in the model, we identified a single significant (false discovery rate 1.38 x 10-2) CpG at the cg22790973 probe (TFCP2) associated with GDM. We identified seven additional FDR-significant interactions of maternal methylation and GDM status, with the strongest association at the same cg22790973 probe (TFCP2), as well as cg03456133, cg24440941 (H3C6), cg20002843 (LOC127841), cg19107264, and cg11493553 located within the UBE3C gene and cg17065901 in FAM13A, both susceptibility genes for type 2 diabetes and BMI, and cg23355087 within the DLGAP2 gene, known to be involved in insulin resistance during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS Our study reveals the potential complexity of the epigenetic transmission between mothers with GDM and their offspring, likely determined by not only GDM exposure but also other factors indicated by maternal epigenetic status, such as maternal metabolic history. © 2021 by the American Diabetes Association.
Effects of Calcium and Vitamin D Co-supplementation on the Lipid Profile: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Purpose: Calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation is common and widely used, but randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) have yielded inconclusive results concerning its impact on the serum lipid profile. Methods: A comprehensive literature search of Medline, Web of Science, Scopus, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and clinical trial registry databases was conducted to identify placebo-controlled RCTs that were published through September 2020 and that evaluated the impact of calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation on total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), low- and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Standardized mean differences (SMDs) were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis models. Findings: Thirteen studies in a total of 2304 participants met the inclusion criteria. Calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation was associated with significant reductions in both TC (SMD, −0.81; 95% CI, −1.35 to –0.27; I2 = 94.6%) and TGs (SMD, –0.50; 95% CI, –0.91 to –0.08; I2 = 91.5%), and with a significant increase in HDL-C (SMD, 1.22; 95% CI, 0.60 to 1.83; I2 = 95.4%). However, calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation were not found to be associated with significantly decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (SMD, –0.39; 95% CI, –0.78 to 0.01; I2 = 90.1%) or very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (SMD, –0.01; 95% CI, –0.70 to 0.69; I2 = 82.3%). Implications: The findings from the present systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation has a beneficial effect on TC, TG, and HDL-C. Larger-scale, well-designed RCTs are needed to clarify the effect of calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation on all lipid-profile components. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Regulated inositol synthesis is critical for balanced metabolism and development in Drosophila melanogaster; Myo-inositol is a precursor of the membrane phospholipid, phosphatidylinositol (PI). It is involved in many essential cellular processes including signal transduction, energy metabolism, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and osmoregulation. Inositol is synthesized from glucose-6-phosphate by myo-inositol-3-phosphate synthase (MIPSp). The Drosophila melanogaster Inos gene encodes MIPSp. Abnormalities in myo-inositol metabolism have been implicated in type 2 diabetes, cancer, and neurodegenerative disorders. Obesity and high blood (hemolymph) glucose are two hallmarks of diabetes, which can be induced in Drosophila melanogaster third-instar larvae by high-sucrose diets. This study shows that dietary inositol reduces the obese-like and high-hemolymph glucose phenotypes of third-instar larvae fed high-sucrose diets. Furthermore, this study demonstrates Inos mRNA regulation by dietary inositol; when more inositol is provided there is less Inos mRNA. Third-instar larvae with dysregulated high levels of Inos mRNA and MIPSp show dramatic reductions of the obese-like and high-hemolymph glucose phenotypes. These strains, however, also display developmental defects and pupal lethality. The few individuals that eclose die within two days with striking defects: structural alterations of the wings and legs, and heads lacking proboscises. This study is an exciting extension of the use of Drosophila melanogaster as a model organism for exploring the junction of development and metabolism. © 2021. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd
Sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors for type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults: An overview of 46 systematic reviews; Aims: To summarize the evidence from systematic reviews (SRs) of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the efficacy and safety of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors versus placebo or active comparators for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Materials and Methods: We searched six databases between 2014 and 2021. We assessed the quality of evidence using Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR 2) and Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) and summarized the main outcome results according to their evidence of benefit (PROSPERO ID: CRD42019132431). Results: We included 46 SRs, comprising 175 RCTs and 136 096 participants. The results showed “clear evidence of benefit” in relation to: myocardial infarction (odds ratio [OR]/hazard ratio [HR] 0.85 to 0.91); cardiovascular mortality (OR/HR 0.67 to 0.86); heart failure (OR/HR 0.64 to 0.69); albuminuria progression and composite renal outcome (relative risk [RR]/HR 0.55 to 0.63); glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) versus placebo (mean difference [MD] −0.49% to −0.77% [5.4 to 8.4 mmol/mol]); and weight versus placebo (MD −1.09 kg to −2.99 kg). “Possible benefit” was observed in relation to major adverse cardiovascular events (OR/HR 0.80 to 0.89), all-cause mortality and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. SGLT2 inhibitors showed “clear evidence of no effect or equivalence” in relation to stroke and fractures. “Clear evidence of harm” was observed in relation to genital infections (RR/OR 2.06 to 5.25) and ketoacidosis (HR/OR 1.36 to 2.20). Regarding amputation risk and urinary tract infections, we found “no conclusions possible due to lack of evidence”. Conclusions: Our results showed that SGLT2 inhibitors have beneficial effects in relation to renal and cardiovascular outcomes (except for stroke), HbA1c and weight. Further studies are needed to assess urinary infections and amputation risk. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Serum and amniotic fluid metabolic profile changes in response to gestational diabetes mellitus and the association with maternal–fetal outcomes; This study was designed to identify serum and amniotic fluid (AF) metabolic profile changes in response to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and explore the association with maternal–fetal outcomes. We established the GDM rat models by combining a high-fat diet (HFD) with an injection of low-dose streptozotocin (STZ), detected the fasting plasma glucose (FPG) of pregnant rats in the second and third trimester, and collected AF and fetal rats by cesarean section on gestational day 19 (GD19), as well as measuring the weight and crown–rump length (CRL) of fetal rats. We applied liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) for the untargeted metabolomics analyses of serum and AF samples and then explored their correlation with maternal–fetal outcomes via the co-occurrence network. The results showed that 91 and 68 metabolites were upregulated and 125 and 78 metabolites were downregulated in serum and AF samples exposed to GDM, respectively. In maternal serum, the obvious alterations emerged in lipids and lipid-like molecules, while there were great changes in carbohydrate and carbohydrate conjugates, followed by amino acids, peptides, and analogs in amniotic fluid. The altered pathways both in serum and AF samples were amino acid, lipid, nucleotide, and vitamin metabolism pathways. In response to GDM, changes in the steroid hormone metabolic pathway occurred in serum, and an altered carbohydrate metabolism pathway was found in AF samples. Among differential metabolites in two kinds of samples, there were 34 common biochemicals shared by serum and AF samples, and a mutual significant association existed. These shared differential metabolites were implicated in several metabolism pathways, including choline, tryptophan, histidine, and nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism, and among them, N1-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide, 5’-methylthioadenosine, and kynurenic acid were significantly associated with both maternal FPG and fetal growth. In conclusion, serum and AF metabolic profiles were remarkably altered in response to GDM. N1-Methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide, 5’-methylthioadenosine, and kynurenic acid have the potential to be taken as biomarkers for maternal–fetal health status of GDM. The common and inter-related differential metabolites both in the serum and AF implied the feasibility of predicting fetal health outcomes via detecting the metabolites in maternal serum exposed to GDM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between fgf19, fgf21 and lipocalin-2, and diabetes progression in pcos; Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. FGF19, FGF21 and lipocalin-2 have emerged as important markers of metabolic risk. This study aims to compare the levels of FGF19, FGF21 and lipocalin-2 between subjects with or without PCOS, and to investigate the relationship between proteins and diabetes progression. In this nested case–control cohort study, 128 Chinese PCOS women and 128 controls were recruited and followed-up. All subjects underwent the oral glucose tolerance test for the evaluation of glycaemic status. Baseline serum protein levels were measured using ELISA. Compared with controls, PCOS subjects had higher levels of FGF19 (P < 0.001) and FGF21 (P = 0.022), but had lower lipocalin-2 (P < 0.001). In total, 20.8% of PCOS and 9.2% of controls developed diabetes over a mean duration of 10.4 ± 1.2 and 11.3 ± 0.5 years, respectively. Logistic regression analyses suggested FGF19 was positively associated with diabetes progression in controls, after adjusting for age, follow-up duration, waist and fasting glucose (P = 0.026, odds ratio (OR) (95% CI): 7.4 (1.3–43.6)), and the positive relationship between FGF21 and diabetes progression in controls was attenuated by adjusting for age and follow-up duration (P = 0.183). Lipocalin-2 was positively correlated with diabetes progression in PCOS group (P = 0.026, OR (95% CI)): 2.5 (1.1–5.6)); however, this became attenuated after adjusting for waist and fasting glucose (P = 0.081). In conclusion, there is differential expression of FGF19, FGF21, and lipocalin-2 in PCOS. The serum level of FGF19, and FGF21 is associated with diabetes progression in women without PCOS, while lipocalin-2 was related to diabetes progression in PCOS women. © 2021 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Composition of the microbial communities at different body sites in women with preterm birth and their newborns; Objective: In this study, we aimed to examine the changes in the composition of vaginal and gut microbiota during the third trimester of pregnancy among women who delivered preterm. To further understand the relationship of these changes to preterm birth, we analyzed the microecology of vaginal and gut microbiota in mothers, as well as oral and gut microbiota in their newborns, and then compared the microecological characteristics of the microbiome at different body sites between the mothers and their newborns, as well as between the mothers and between the newborns from different groups. Methods: In total, 26 women who delivered at Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University (China) from July 2020 to January 2021 were categorized into the preterm and term groups. A blank swab and laboratory air and water samples were collected as part of the control group. We collected maternal vaginal and rectal samples, as well as neonatal oral and rectal samples. Total DNA from different parts of the swabs was extracted and sequenced using the 16s rRNA technique. Then, the data was analyzed using bioinformatics and statistical analysis. Results: The abundance and alpha diversity of vaginal microbiota in the preterm group was found to be higher, but the difference was not statistically significant. There were significant differences in beta diversity of vaginal microbiota between the two groups (p ​< ​0.05). The levels of Rothia and Gemella in the gut microbiota of women who had delivered preterm were significantly lower (p ​< ​0.05). The alpha diversity of gut microbiota and neonatal oral and gut microbiota in women who had delivered preterm was lower. No significant differences were observed in alpha and beta diversity between the two groups in maternal gut microbiota and neonatal oral and gut microbiota. In the newborns in both groups, some species of oral microbiota were consistent with their mother's vaginal microbiota, and some species of gut microbiota in the newborns in both groups were consistent with their mother's gut microbiota. Conclusions: Vaginal and gut microbiota in women who had given birth preterm were noticeably different from the vaginal and gut microbiota of women who had delivered at term, and it was probably related to preterm birth. Oral and gut microbiotas of preterm newborns were also noted to be different from that of the term newborns. It suggests that the changes in the microbiome of the newborns could be related to preterm birth. Some part of the newborns’ microbiota probably originates in the uterus. © 2021
Pregnancy is enough to provoke deleterious effects in descendants of fructose‐fed mothers and their fetuses; The role of fructose in the global obesity and metabolic syndrome epidemic is widely recognized. However, its consumption is allowed during pregnancy. We have previously demonstrated that maternal fructose intake in rats induces detrimental effects in fetuses. However, these effects only appeared in adult descendants after a re‐exposure to fructose. Pregnancy is a physiological state that leads to profound changes in metabolism and hormone response. Therefore, we wanted to establish if pregnancy in the progeny of fructose‐fed mothers was also able to provoke an unhealthy situation. Pregnant rats from fructose‐fed mothers (10% w/v) subjected (FF) or not (FC) to a fructose supplementation were studied and compared to pregnant control rats (CC). An OGTT was performed on the 20th day of gestation, and they were sacrificed on the 21st day. Plasma and tissues from mothers and fetuses were analyzed. Although FF mothers showed higher AUC insulin values after OGTT in comparison to FC and CC rats, ISI was lower and leptinemia was higher in FC and FF rats than in the CC group. Accordingly, lipid accretion was observed both in liver and placenta in the FC and FF groups. Interestingly, fetuses from FC and FF mothers also showed the same profile observed in their mothers on lipid accumulation, leptinemia, and ISI. Moreover, hepatic lipid peroxidation was even more augmented in fetuses from FC dams than those of FF mothers. Maternal fructose intake produces in female progeny changes that alter their own pregnancy, leading to deleterious effects in their fetuses. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
IL-34 and CSF-1, deciphering similarities and differences at steady state and in diseases; Although IL-34 and CSF-1 share actions as key mediators of monocytes/macrophages survival and differentiation, they also display differences that should be identified to better define their respective roles in health and diseases. IL-34 displays low sequence homology with CSF-1 but has a similar general structure and they both bind to a common receptor CSF-1R, although binding and subsequent intracellular signaling shows differences. CSF-1R expression has been until now mainly described at a steady state in monocytes/macrophages and myeloid dendritic cells, as well as in some cancers. IL-34 has also 2 other receptors, protein-tyrosine phosphatase zeta (PTPζ) and CD138 (Syndecan-1), expressed in some epithelium, cells of the central nervous system (CNS), as well as in numerous cancers. While most, if not all, of CSF-1 actions are mediated through monocyte/macrophages, IL-34 has also other potential actions through PTPζ and CD138. Additionally, IL-34 and CSF-1 are produced by different cells in different tissues. This review describes and discusses similarities and differences between IL-34 and CSF-1 at steady state and in pathological situations and identifies possible ways to target IL-34, CSF-1, and its receptors. ©2021 Society for Leukocyte Biology
Litter expansion alters metabolic homeostasis in a sex specific manner; Nutritional manipulations early in life have been shown to influence growth rate and elicit long lasting effects which in turn has been found to impact lifespan. Therefore, we studied the long-term effects of pre-weaning dietary restriction implemented by litter expansion (4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 pups per dam: LS4, LS6, LS8, LS10, LS12) on male and female C57BL/6J mice. After weaning, these mice were fed ad libitum a commercial lab chow for the 15- month duration of the study. The male mice from large litter size (LS12) were significantly leaner and had reduced total fat mass compared to the normal size litters (LS 6) starting from weaning through to 15 months of age. Male LS10 & 12 mice also showed significant reduction in their fat depot masses at 15 months of age: Gonadal, subcutaneous, and brown fat whereas the females did not mimic these findings. At 9 months of age, only male LS12 mice showed improved glucose tolerance and male LS12 mice also showed improved insulin tolerance starting at 5 months of age. In addition, we found that the male LS8, 10 & 12 mice at 15 months of age showed significantly reduced IGF-1 levels in the serum and various other organs (liver, gastrocnemius and brain cortex). Interestingly, the female LS8, 10, 12 mice showed a different pattern with reduced IGF-1 levels in serum, liver and gastrocnemius but not in the brain cortex. Similarly, the litter expanded mice showed sex specific response to levels of FGF21 and adiponectin with only the male mice showing increased FGF21 and adiponectin levels at 15 months of age. In summary, our data show that, litter expansion results in long-lasting metabolic changes that are age and sex dependent with the male mice showing an early and robust response compared to female mice. © 2021 Kurup et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Galectins in cancer and the microenvironment: Functional roles, therapeutic developments, and perspectives; Changes in cell growth and metabolism are affected by the surrounding environmental factors to adapt to the cell’s most appropriate growth model. However, abnormal cell metabolism is correlated with the occurrence of many diseases and is accompanied by changes in galectin (Gal) performance. Gals were found to be some of the master regulators of cell–cell interactions that reconstruct the microenvironment, and disordered expression of Gals is associated with multiple human metabolic-related diseases including cancer development. Cancer cells can interact with surrounding cells through Gals to create more suitable conditions that promote cancer cell aggressiveness. In this review, we organize the current understanding of Gals in a systematic way to dissect Gals’ effect on human disease, including how Gals’ dysregulated expression affects the tumor microenvironment’s metabolism and elucidating the mechanisms involved in Gal-mediated diseases. This information may shed light on a more precise understanding of how Gals regulate cell biology and facilitate the development of more effective therapeutic strategies for cancer treatment by targeting the Gal family. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Liubao brick tea activates the PI3K-Akt signaling pathway to lower blood glucose, metabolic disorders and insulin resistance via altering the intestinal flora; Diabetes and its related metabolic disorders are worldwide public health issues. Many studies have shown that changes in the structure and composition of the intestinal flora are closely related to the host's physiological and pathological processes. In this study, we aim to explore the effect of Liubao tea (LBT) extract on hyperglycemic mice with metabolic disorders and intestinal flora dysbiosis and to further study its regulatory effect on insulin resistance and its potential regulatory mechanism. Our results show that LBT had a good hypoglycemic effect and could significantly alleviate the metabolic disorder evoked by hyperglycemia. The gut microbial sequencing showed that LBT treatment increased the diversity of intestinal flora, increased the abundance of beneficial bacteria, and reduced the abundance of harmful or conditional pathogenic bacteria, as well as significantly altered 39 of the top 50 OTUs with abundance. Besides, LBT could activate the PI3K-Akt-PPARs-GLUT2 cascade signaling pathway to improve metabolic disorders, thereby alleviating insulin resistance. These results suggest that LBT has excellent potential to become a natural functional food for the prevention of hyperglycemia and insulin resistance. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Cardiometabolic Phenotypic Differences in Male Offspring Born to Obese Preeclamptic-Like BPH/5 Mice; Preeclampsia (PE) is a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy occurring in approximately 10% of women worldwide. While it is life threatening to both the mother and baby, the only effective treatment is delivery of the placenta and fetus, which is often preterm. Maternal obesity is a risk factor for PE, and the effects of both on offspring are long standing with increased incidence of cardiometabolic disease in adulthood. Obese BPH/5 mice spontaneously exhibit excessive gestational weight gain and late-gestational hypertension, similar to women with PE, along with fetal growth restriction and accelerated compensatory growth in female offspring. We hypothesized that BPH/5 male offspring will demonstrate cardiovascular and metabolic phenotypes similar to BPH/5 females. As previously described, BPH/5 females born to ad libitum-fed dams are overweight with hyperphagia and increased subcutaneous, peri-renal, and peri-gonadal white adipose tissue (WAT) and cardiomegaly compared to age-matched adult female controls. In this study, BPH/5 adult male mice have similar body weights and food intake compared to age-matched control mice but have increased inflammatory subcutaneous and peri-renal WAT and signs of cardiovascular disease: left ventricular hypertrophy and hypertension. Therefore, adult male BPH/5 do not completely phenocopy the cardiometabolic profile of female BPH/5 mice. Future investigations are necessary to understand the differences observed in BPH/5 male and female mice as they age. In conclusion, the impact of fetal programming due to PE has a transgenerational effect on both male and female offspring in the BPH/5 mouse model. The maternal obesogenic environment may play a role in PE pregnancy outcomes, including offspring health as they age. © Copyright © 2021 Beckers, Gomes, Crissman, Adams, Liu, Del Piero, Butler and Sones.
Metabolic syndrome and myocardial infarction in women; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a cluster of metabolic disorders that arise from insulin resistance (IR) and adipose tissue dysfunction. As a consequence, there is an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD). MetS is associated with a 2-fold increase in cardiovascular outcomes. Earlier population analyses showed a lower prevalence of MetS in women (23.9%) in comparison to men (27.8%), while later analyses suggest significantly reduced difference due to an increase in the prevalence in women aged between 20 and 39. However, the prevalence of MetS in specific populations of women, such as in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, ranges from 16% to almost 50% in some geographical regions. Abdominal fat accumulation and IR syndrome are recognized as the most important factors in the pathogenesis of MetS. After menopause, a decline in insulin sensitivity corresponds to an increase in fat mass, circulating fatty acids, low-density lipoproteins, and triglycerides. Prevalence of MetS in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is significantly more present in women (55.9%-66.3%) than in men (40.2%-47.3%) in different cohorts. Younger women with ACS had a higher mortality rate than younger men. Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) remains a leading cause of death in aging women. Women with AMI had significantly higher rates of prior congestive heart failure, hypertension history, and diabetes. The role of androgens in CVD pathogenesis in women has not yet been clarified. The current review aims to provide an insight into the role of MetS components and inflammation for the development of atherosclerosis, CVD, and AMI in women. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Novel insights on the role of spexin as a biomarker of obesity and related cardiometabolic disease; Spexin (SPX) is a 14-amino acid neuropeptide, discovered recently using bioinformatic techniques. It is encoded by the Ch12:orf39 gene that is widely expressed in different body tissues/organs across species, and secreted into systemic circulation. Recent reports have highlighted a potentially important regulatory role of SPX in obesity and related comorbidities. SPX is also ubiquitously expressed in human tissues, including white adipose tissue. The circulating concentration of SPX is significantly lower in individuals with obesity compared to normal weight counterparts. SPX’s role in obesity appears to be related to various factors, such as the regulation of energy expenditure, appetite, and eating behaviors, increasing locomotion, and inhibiting long-chain fatty acid uptake into adipocytes. Recent reports have also suggested SPX’s relationship with novel biomarkers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and glucose metabolism and evoked the potential role of SPX as a key biomarker/player in the early loss of cardiometabolic health and development of CVD and diabetes later in life. Data on age-related changes in SPX and SPX’s response to various interventions are also emerging. The current review focuses on the role of SPX in obesity and related comorbidities across the life span, and its response to interventions in these conditions. It is expected that this article will provide new ideas for future research on SPX and its metabolic regulation, particularly related to cardiometabolic diseases. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Extracellular miRNAs in redox signaling: Health, disease and potential therapies; Extracellular microRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as important mediators of cell-to-cell communication and intertissue crosstalk. MiRNAs are produced by virtually all types of eukaryotic cells and can be selectively packaged and released to the extracellular medium, where they may reach distal cells to regulate gene expression cell non-autonomously. By doing so, miRNAs participate in integrative physiology. Oxidative stress affects miRNA expression, while miRNAs control redox signaling. Disruption in miRNA expression, processing or release to the extracellular compartment are associated with aging and a number of chronic diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases and cancer, all of them being conditions related to oxidative stress. Here we discuss the interplay between redox balance and miRNA function and secretion as a determinant of health and disease states, reviewing the findings that support this notion and highlighting novel and yet understudied venues of research in the field. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal chronic hepatitis B virus infection and the risk of preterm birth: A retrospective cohort analysis in Chinese women; The association between different clinical states of chronic HBV infection and preterm birth (PTB) is still controversial. A retrospective cohort study among 57,386 pregnant women was conducted to examine the impact of chronic HBsAg positive, both HBsAg and HBeAg positive, and chronic active hepatitis on pregnancy complications related to the overall PTB and its subtypes (spontaneous and iatrogenic). A total of 54,245 pregnancies were included in the final study cohort, among which 2,151(4.0%) pregnant women were HBsAg positive. The PTB rate was 6.0% (129/2151) for HBV-infected women while 4.5% (2319/52094) for those not. Compared with women not infected with HBV, multivariable-adjusted analyses showed HBV-infected women had a 33% higher risk of overall PTB (aRR 1.33 95%CI, 1.11–1.60), a 27% higher risk of spontaneous PTB (aRR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.02–1.57) and a 50% higher risk of iatrogenic PTB (aRR 1.50, 95%CI, 1.07–2.11). The PTB rate was 8.9% (35/395) for both HBsAg and HBeAg-positive women and 16.2% (22/136) for women with active chronic hepatitis. Multivariable-adjusted analyses showed women who were both HBsAg and HBeAg positive had a 47% higher risk of overall PTB (aRR 1.47, 95%CI, 1.04–2.09), a 2.03 times higher risk of spontaneous PTB (aRR 2.03, 95%CI, 1.38–2.99) and a 32% higher risk of iatrogenic PTB (aRR 1.32, 95%CI, 0.62–2.81), while women with chronic active hepatitis had a 3.84 times higher risk of overall PTB (aRR 3.84, 95%CI, 2.42–6.10), a 3.88 times higher risk of spontaneous PTB (aRR 3.88, 95%CI, 2.32–6.45) and a 3.01 times higher risk of iatrogenic PTB (aRR 3.01, 95%CI, 1.22–7.44). Different maternal clinical states of chronic HBV infection are independently associated with an increased risk of overall PTB and its subtypes (spontaneous and iatrogenic). © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Plant Extracts in Obesity: A Role of Gut Microbiota; Obesity has become one of the most serious chronic diseases threatening human health. Its occurrence and development are closely associated with gut microbiota since the disorders of gut microbiota can promote endotoxin production and induce inflammatory response. Recently, numerous plant extracts have been proven to mitigate lipid dysmetabolism and obesity syndrome by regulating the abundance and composition of gut microbiota. In this review, we summarize the potential roles of different plant extracts including mulberry leaf extract, policosanol, cortex moutan, green tea, honokiol, and capsaicin in regulating obesity via gut microbiota. Based on the current findings, plant extracts may be promising agents for the prevention and treatment of obesity and its related metabolic diseases, and the mechanisms might be associated with gut microbiota. © Copyright © 2021 Weng, Duan, Zhong, Song, Zheng, Zhang, Yin and Deng.
Red blood cell triglycerides-a unique pool that incorporates plasma-free fatty acids and relates to metabolic health; Most research into red blood cell (RBC) lipids focuses on membrane phospholipids and their relationships to metabolic conditions and diet. Triglycerides (TGs) exist in most cells; the TG-fatty acids serve as readily available fuel for oxidative phosphorylation. Because RBCs lack mitochondria, they would not be expected to store fatty acids in TG. We followed up on a previous in vitro study that found FFA can be incorporated into RBC-TG by testing whether intravenously infused [U-13C]palmitate could be detected in RBC-TG. We also quantified RBC-TG fatty acid concentrations and profiles as they relate to plasma FFA and lipid concentrations. We found that 1) RBC-TG concentrations measured by glycerol and LC/MS were correlated (r ¼ 0.77; P < 0.001) and averaged <50 nmol/ml RBC; 2) RBC-TG concentrations were stable over 18 h; 3) [U-13C]palmitate was detectable in RBC-TG from half the participants; 4) RBC-TGs were enriched in saturated fatty acids and depleted in unsaturated fatty acid compared with plasma FFA and previously reported RBC membrane phospholipids; 5) RBC-TG fatty acid profiles differed significantly between obese and nonobese adults; 6) weight loss altered the RBC-TG fatty acid profile in the obese group; and 7) the RBC-TG fatty acid composition correlated with plasma lipid concentrations. This is the first report showing that plasma FFA contributes to RBC-TG in vivo, in humans, and that the RBC-TG fatty acid profile is related to metabolic health. The storage of saturated fatty acids in RBC-TG stands in stark contrast to the highly unsaturated profile reported in RBC membrane phospholipids. © 2021 THE AUTHORS. Published by Elsevier Inc on behalf of American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
The effect of resveratrol on the cardiovascular system from molecular mechanisms to clinical results; Cardiovascular diseases are the leading causes of death worldwide. The cardioprotective effects of natural polyphenols such as resveratrol (3,5,4-trihydroxystilbene) have been extensively investigated throughout recent decades. Many studies of RES have focused on its favorable effects on pathological conditions related to cardiovascular diseases and their risk factors. The aim of this review was to summarize the wide beneficial effects of resveratrol on the cardiovascular system, including signal transduction pathways of cell longevity, energy metabolism of cardiomyocytes or cardiac remodeling, and its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. In addition, this paper discusses the significant preclinical and human clinical trials of recent years with resveratrol on cardiovascular system. Finally, we present a short overview of antiviral and anti-inflammatory properties and possible future perspectives on RES against COVID-19 in cardiovascular diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
PM2.5 exposure exaggerates the risk of adverse birth outcomes in pregnant women with pre-existing hyperlipidemia: Modulation role of adipokines and lipidome; The in-utero environmental exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) might lead to adverse birth outcomes, such as low birth weight (LBW) and preterm birth (PTB), thereby increasing susceptibility to diseases in later life. However, no studies have examined the underlying mechanism through cross-omics of lipidome and adipokines profiling, as well as the possible effect modification by maternal hyperlipidemia. In total, 203 mother-newborn pairs were recruited in the birth cohort study ongoing since February 2017 in Beijing, China. Individual-level of PM2.5 exposure was estimated using a satellite data based random forest model. Cord blood lipidome and adipokines were assessed through the lipidomic approaches and antibody-based array. Multivariable logistic/linear regression models and moderation analysis were employed in this study. We observed a significantly increased risk of PTB associated with PM2.5 exposure during the second trimester, especially in pregnant women with pre-existing hyperlipidemia. 9 lipid classes and 21 adipokines were associated with PM2.5 exposure independently or significantly influenced by the interaction of maternal PM2.5 exposure and hyperlipidemia. In addition, 4 adipokines (ANGPTL4, IGFBP-2, IL-12p40, and TNF-RII) and 3 lipid classes [phosphatidylcholines (PCs), phosphatidylinositols (PIs), and triglycerides (TGs)] were related to the increased risk of PTB, indicating that inflammation, IGF/IGFBP axis, and lipolysis induced lipid homeostasis disorder of PCs, TGs, and PIs might be the possible mediators for the PM2.5-induced adverse birth outcomes. Our results substantiated the need for reducing exposure in susceptible populations. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Extracellular vesicles and their role in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex disorder that is defined by glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Pregnancies complicated with GDM have higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity with short- and long-term consequences, including increased rates of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes for both the mother and offspring. The pathophysiology of GDM still remains unclear and there has been interest in the role of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs) in the maternal metabolic adaptations that occur in pregnancy and GDM. Small EVs are nanosized particles that contain bioactive content, including miRNAs and proteins, which are released by cells to provide cell-to-cell communication. Pregnancy induces an increase in total and placental-secreted sEVs across gestation, with a further increase in sEV number and changes in the protein and miRNA composition of these sEVs in GDM. Research has suggested that these sEVs have an impact on maternal adaptations during pregnancy, including targeting the pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Consequently, this review will focus on the differences in total and placental sEVs in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, the role of sEVs in the pathophysiology of GDM and their clinical application as potential GDM biomarkers. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Processed and unprocessed red meat consumption and risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus: An updated meta-analysis of cohort studies; Type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a metabolic disorder that occurs in the body because of decreased insulin activity and/or insulin secretion. The incidence of T2DM has rapidly increased over recent decades. The relation between consumption of different types of red meats and risk of T2DM remains uncertain. This meta-analysis was conducted to quantitatively assess the associations of processed red meat (PRM) and unprocessed red meat (URM) consumption with T2DM. We searched PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and The Cochrane Library for English-language cohort studies published before January 2021. Summary relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) were estimated using fixed effects and random effects. Additionally, dose–response relationships were explored using meta-regression. Fifteen studies (N = 682,963 participants, cases = 50,675) were identified. Compared with the lowest intake group, high consumption of PRM and URM increased T2DM risk by 27% (95% CI 1.15–1.40) and 15% (95% CI 1.08–1.23), respectively. These relationships were consistently strongest for U.S-based studies, though the effects of sex are inconclusive. In conclusion, PRM and URM are both positively associated with T2DM incidence, and these relationships are strongest in the U.S. reduction of red meat consumption should be explored as a target for T2DM prevention initiatives. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis (p-chlorophenyl)-ethane (DDT) and 1,1-Dichloro-2,2-bis (p, p’-chlorophenyl) ethylene (DDE) as endocrine disruptors in human and wildlife: A possible implication of mitochondria; 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis (p-chlorophenyl)-ethane (DDT) and its main metabolite 1,1-Dichloro-2,2-bis (p, p’-chlorophenyl) ethylene (DDE) act as endocrine disruptors in humans and wildlife. Immunomodulatory functions have also been attributed to both xenobiotics. DDT was banned in the 1970s due to its toxicity, but it is still produced and used for indoor residual spraying with disease vector control purposes. Due to their persistence and lipophilic properties, DDT and DDE can bioaccumulate through the food chain, being stored in organisms' adipose depots. Their endocrine disruptor function is mediated by agonist or antagonist interaction with nuclear receptors. Present review aimed to provide an overview of how DDT and DDE exposure impacts reproductive and immune systems with estrogen-disrupting action in humans and wildlife. Studies showing DDT and DDE impact on mitochondrial function and apoptosis pathway will also be reviewed, suggesting the hypothesis of direct action on mitochondrial steroid receptors. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Evaluation of two mobile health apps for patients with breast cancer using the Mobile Application Rating Scale; Background: Breast cancer is one of the most frequently diagnosed cancers worldwide. Screening, education about signs and symptoms, and improved access to treatment has helped reduce mortality. An understanding of the informational needs of women with breast cancer can help identify areas where mobile apps can further improve the experience of this patient group. Methods: Personas are a commonly used tools in user centred design to help represent particular user archetypes. Knowledge of existing informational needs and prior research using personas in breast cancer app design were used to create two different personas through which to source apps for evaluation. The Mobile Application Rating Scale, a common evaluation framework, was used to evaluate the mobile apps across several important domains. Results: Becca and OWise, two apps for breast cancer, were found through a discovery process in line with the personas described. Overall, both apps scored highly on the Mobile Application Rating Scale. Both apps had limited or no research to support their use in this patient group, and had issues related to data privacy. Becca scored particularly highly in domains related to accessibility while OWise's extensive range of features scored highly for functionality. Conclusions: Both apps demonstrate the ability to fill an informational needs gap as evidenced in the existing literature. As with many mobile health apps, more clinical evidence and improved data handling would help support the widespread recommendation of their use in women who are undergoing or have completed treatment for breast cancer. © 2021 Nomos Verlagsgesellschaft mbH und Co. All rights reserved.
‘Magnesium’-the master cation-as a drug—possibilities and evidences; Magnesium (Mg2+) is the 2nd most abundant intracellular cation, which participates in various enzymatic reactions; there by regulating vital biological functions. Magnesium (Mg2+) can regulate several cations, including sodium, potassium, and calcium; it consequently maintains physiological functions like impulse conduction, blood pressure, heart rhythm, and muscle contraction. But, it doesn’t get much attention in account with its functions, making it a “Forgotten cation”. Like other cations, maintenance of the normal physiological level of Mg2+ is important. Its deficiency is associated with various diseases, which point out to the importance of Mg2+ as a drug. The roles of Mg2+ such as natural calcium antagonist, glutamate NMDA receptor blocker, vasodilator, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory agent are responsible for its therapeutic benefits. Various salts of Mg2+ are currently in clinical use, but their application is limited. This review collates all the possible mechanisms behind the behavior of magnesium as a drug at different disease conditions with clinical shreds of evidence. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Therapeutic effects of Chinese herbal medicines and their extracts on diabetes; With the improvement of people's living standards and changes in the environment, the incidence of diabetes has increased rapidly. It has gradually become one of the main diseases threatening the health and life of modern people, bringing a great burden to the society. Although the existing treatment methods can effectively control the symptoms of diabetes and delay its progression, they have not brought satisfactory improvement in the quality of life and treatment of patients. Traditional Chinese herbal medicines and their extracts combine thousands of years of experience and the scientific basis provided by modern experimental research, which is expected to bring a qualitative leap in the clinical management of diabetes. Therefore, this article systematically reviews studies on the effects of Chinese herbal medicine and its extracts on diabetes and its complications, and aims to bring new ideas and options for the clinical treatment of diabetes. © 2021 The Authors
Csog mfm committee guideline: Clinical management guidelines for acute fatty liver of pregnancy in china (2021); Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a rare but critical obstetric-specific disease with a high fatality rate, posing a serious threat to the safety of mothers and infants. These guidelines were specially formulated to standardize AFLP clinical pathways and to improve maternal and infant outcomes. Based on a two-round questionnaire survey, the guideline development team identified the following nine clinical issues that clinicians were most concerned about, and developed recommendations for each of them: Prenatal outpatient screening for AFLP, diagnosis, preoperative risk assessment, delivery modes and timing, anesthesia methods, perinatal complications, selecting AFLP patients for artificial liver treatment, prognostic assessment, and monitoring during treatment. The guidelines cover the key issues related to AFLP diagnosis and treatment that concern clinicians.  © 2021 The Chinese Medical Association.
Extracellular vesicles in premature aging and diseases in adulthood due to developmental exposures; The developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) is a paradigm that links prenatal and early life exposures that occur during crucial periods of development to health outcome and risk of disease later in life. Maternal exposures to stress, some psychoactive drugs and alcohol, and environmental chemicals, among others, may result in functional changes in developing fetal tissues, creating a predisposition for disease in the individual as they age. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) may be mediators of both the immediate effects of exposure during development and early childhood as well as the long-term consequences of exposure that lead to increased risk and disease severity later in life. Given the prevalence of diseases with developmental origins, such as cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative disorders, osteoporosis, metabolic dysfunction, and cancer, it is important to identify persistent mediators of disease risk. In this review, we take this approach, viewing diseases typically associated with aging in light of early life exposures and discuss the potential role of EVs as mediators of lasting consequences. © 2021 Pinson MR et al.
Maternal c‐peptide and insulin sensitivity, but not bmi, associate with fatty acids in the first trimester of pregnancy; Maternal obesity in pregnancy is a pro‐inflammatory condition exposing the fetus to an adverse environment. Here, we tested associations of maternal obesity (primary exposures: BMI, leptin) and metabolic parameters (secondary exposures: glucose, C‐peptide, and insulin sensitivity) with total serum concentrations of fatty acids in the first trimester of human pregnancy. This cross-sectional study included 123 non‐smoking women with singleton pregnancy. In maternal serum, cotinine, leptin, and C‐peptide (ELISA), glucose (hexokinase‐based test) and fatty acids (gas chro-matography) were quantified, and the insulin sensitivity index (ISHOMA) was calculated. Concentrations of fatty acid classes and total fatty acids did not differ between BMI or leptin categories. How-ever, n‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were decreased in the category with the highest C‐ peptide concentration (n‐3 PUFA: CI −35.82–−6.28, p < 0.006) and in the lowest ISHOMA category (n‐3 PUFA: CI −36.48–−5.61, p < 0.008). In a subcohort, in which fetal sex was determined (RT‐qPCR of placental tissue), C‐peptide was significantly associated with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in mothers bearing a female (n = 46), but not male (n = 37) fetus. In conclusion, pregnant women with high fasting C‐peptide and low ISHOMA had decreased n‐3 PUFA, and DHA was lower with higher C‐ peptide only in mothers bearing a female fetus. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
High-Fat Diet Induces Disruption of the Tight Junction-Mediated Paracellular Barrier in the Proximal Small Intestine Before the Onset of Type 2 Diabetes and Endotoxemia; Background/Aim: A link between an impaired intestinal barrier, endotoxemia, and the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has been proposed. In previous work, we have demonstrated that the tight junction (TJ)-mediated intestinal barrier in ileum/colon was marginally changed in prediabetic mice; therefore, it does not seem to mainly contribute to the T2DM onset. In this study, the TJ-mediated epithelial barrier in the duodenum and jejunum was evaluated in mice during the development of type 2 prediabetes. Methods/Results: HF diet induced prediabetes after 60 days associated with a significant rise in intestinal permeability to the small-sized marker Lucifer yellow in these mice, with no histological signs of mucosal inflammation or rupture of the proximal intestine epithelium. As revealed by immunofluorescence, TJ proteins, such as claudins-1, -2, -3, and ZO-1, showed a significant decrease in junctional content in duodenum and jejunum epithelia, already after 15 days of treatment, suggesting a rearrangement of the TJ structure. However, no significant change in total cell content of these proteins was observed in intestinal epithelium homogenates, as assessed by immunoblotting. Despite the changes in intestinal permeability and TJ structure, the prediabetic mice showed similar LPS, zonulin, and TNF-α levels in plasma or adipose tissue, and in intestinal segments as compared to the controls. Conclusion: Disruption of the TJ-mediated paracellular barrier in the duodenum and jejunum is an early event in prediabetes development, which occurs in the absence of detectable endotoxemia/inflammation and may contribute to the HF diet-induced increase in intestinal permeability. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Does chronic inflammation cause acute inflammation to spiral into hyper-inflammation in a manner modulated by diet and the gut microbiome, in severe Covid-19?; We propose that hyper-inflammation (HYPi) is a ‘‘runaway’’ consequence of acute inflammation (ACUi) that arises more easily (and also abates less easily) in those who host a pre-existing chronic inflammation (CHRi), because (i) most factors involved in generating an ACUi to limit viral proliferation are already present when there is an underlying CHRi, and also because (ii) anti-inflammatory (AI) mechanisms for the abatement of ACUi (following containment of viral proliferation) are suppressed and desensitized where there is an underlying CHRi, with this causing the ACUi to spiral into a HYPi. Stress, pollution, diet, and gut microbiomes (alterable in weeks through dietary changes) have an intimate and bidirectional cause-effect relationship with CHRi. We propose that avoidance of CHRi-promoting foods and adoption of CHRi-suppressing foods could reduce susceptibility to HYPi, in Covid-19 and in other viral diseases, such as influenza, which are characterized by episodic and unpredictable HYPi. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC
ANGPTL8 in metabolic homeostasis: More friend than foe?; ANGPTL8 is an important cytokine, which is significantly increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity and metabolic syndrome. Many studies have shown that ANGPTL8 can be used as a bio-marker of these metabolic disorders related diseases, and the baseline ANGPTL8 level has also been found to be positively correlated with retinopathy and all-cause mortality in patients with T2DM. This may be related to the inhibition of lipoprotein lipase activity and the reduction of circulating triglyceride (TG) clearance by ANGPTL8. Consistently, inhibition of ANGPTL8 seems to prevent or improve atherosclerosis. However, it is puzzling that ANGPTL8 seems to have a directing function for TG uptake in peripheral tissues; that is, ANGPTL8 specifically enhances the reserve and buffering function of white adipose tissue, which may alleviate the ectopic lipid accumulation to a certain extent. Furthermore, ANGPTL8 can improve insulin sensitivity and inhibit hepatic glucose production. These contradictory results lead to different opinions on the role of ANGPTL8 in metabolic disorders. In this paper, the correlation between ANGPTL8 and metabolic diseases, the regulation of ANGPTL8 and the physiological role of ANGPTL8 in the process of glucose and lipid metabolism were summarized, and the physiological/pathological significance of ANGPTL8 in the process of metabolic disorder was discussed.  © 2021 The Authors.
Effects of physical activity on cell-to-cell communication during type 2 diabetes: A focus on miRNA signaling; Type 2 diabetes (TD2) is a progressive disease characterized by hyperglycemia that results from alteration in insulin secretion, insulin resistance, or both. A number of alterations involving different tissues and organs have been reported to the development and the progression of T2D, and more relevantly, through cell-to-cell communication pathways. Recent studies demonstrated that miRNAs are considerably implicated to cell-to-cell communication during T2D. Physical activity (PA) is associated with decreasing risks of developing T2D and acts as insulin-like factor. Cumulative evidence suggests that this effect could be mediated in part through improving insulin sensitivity in T2D and obese patients and modulating miRNAs synthesis and release in healthy patients. Therefore, the practice of PA should ideally be established before the initiation of T2D. This review describes cell-to-cell communications involved in the pathophysiology of T2D during PA. © 2021 Société Française de Pharmacologie et de Thérapeutique
The Cutoff Value of Low Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin and Its Predictive Role in Impaired Glucose Metabolism among Chinese Women with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome; Low levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is a potential predictor of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and when combined with insulin resistance (IR), lead to impaired glucose metabolism. Few studies involve women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Studies on cutoff values of SHBG among Asian women were scanty. Methods: The cutoff level of SHBG was computed using the 25th percentile method. Parameters were compared between the lower and higher SHBG subgroup. Area under the curve (AUC) for sensitivity and specificity of SHBG in predicting IR and impaired glucose metabolism was calculated. Results: This study included 733 patients with PCOS 20-45 years of age and 469 age-matched controls. The 25th percentile of SHBG in the control group was 51.90 nM. There were negative correlations between SHBG and age (r = -0.085, P < 0.05), body mass index (BMI) (r = -0.461, P < 0.01), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (r = -0.349, P < 0.01), fasting plasma glucose (r = -0.242, P < 0.01), Glucose-1h (r = -0.303, P < 0.01), Glucose-2h (r = -0.336, P < 0.01), fasting insulin (r = -0.324, P < 0.01), Insulin-1h (r = -0.238, P < 0.01), Insulin-2h (r = -0.307, P < 0.01), and homeostasis model 2 assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR) (r = -0.329, P < 0.01). Age, BMI, WHR, glucose and insulin levels (both pre- and postload), HOMA2-IR, free testosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate were all higher in the lower than the higher SHBG subgroup. The AUC of SHBG for predicting IR was 0.706 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.665-0.745, P < 0.001], impaired fasting glucose was 0.674 (95% CI 0.513-0.838, P < 0.001), impaired glucose tolerance was 0.637 (95% CI 0.586-0.690, P < 0.001), and T2DM was 0.674 (95% CI 0.556-0.780, P < 0.001). Conclusions: A 51.90 nM should be identified as the cutoff value of SHBG. Women with PCOS with lower SHBG values have a higher risk of developing impaired glucose metabolism. Low SHBG should be a predictive biomarker of impaired glucose metabolism in women with PCOS in southern China. © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Obesity and chronic kidney disease: Prevalence, mechanism, and management; The prevalence of childhood obesity is increasing worldwide at an alarming rate. While obesity is known to increase a variety of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, it also acts as a risk factor for the development and progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). During childhood and adolescence, severe obesity is associated with an increased prevalence and incidence of the early stages of kidney disease. Importantly, children born to obese mothers are also at increased risk of developing obesity and CKD later in life. The potential mechanisms underlying the association between obesity and CKD include hemodynamic factors, metabolic effects, and lipid nephrotoxicity. Weight reduction via increased physical activity, caloric restriction, treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and judicious bariatric surgery can be used to control obesity and obesity-related kidney disease. Preventive strategies to halt the obesity epidemic in the healthcare community are needed to reduce the widespread deleterious consequences of obesity including CKD development and progression. © 2021 by The Korean Pediatric Society.
Circulating fatty acids associated with advanced liver fibrosis and hepatocellular carcinoma in South Texas hispanics; Background: Hispanics in South Texas have high rates of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Liver fibrosis severity is the strongest predictive factor of NAFLD progression to HCC. We examined the association between free fatty acids (FA) and advanced liver fibrosis or HCC in this population. Methods: We quantified 45 FAs in plasma of 116 subjects of the Cameron County Hispanic Cohort, 15 Hispanics with HCC, and 56 first/second-degree relatives of Hispanics with HCC. Liver fibrosis was assessed by FibroScan. Results: Advanced liver fibrosis was significantly associated with low expression of very long chain (VLC) saturated FAs (SFA), odd chain SFAs, and VLC n-3 polyunsaturated FAs [PUFA; AOR; 95% confidence interval (CI), 10.4 (3.7-29.6); P < 0.001; 5.7 (2.2-15.2); P < 0.001; and 3.7 (1.5-9.3); P = 0.005]. VLC n3-PUFAs significantly improved the performance of the noninvasive markers for advanced fibrosis - APRI, FIB-4, and NFS. Plasma concentrations of VLC SFAs and VLC n-3 PUFAs were further reduced in patients with HCC. Low concentrations of these FAs were also observed in relatives of patients with HCC and in subjects with the PNPLA3 rs738409 homozygous genotype. Conclusions: Low plasma concentrations of VLC n-3 PUFAs and VLC SFAs were strongly associated with advanced liver fibrosis and HCC in this population. Genetic factors were associated with low concentrations of these FAs as well. Impact: These results have implications in identifying those at risk for liver fibrosis progression to HCC and in screening this population for advanced fibrosis. They also prompt the evaluation of VLC n-3 PUFA or VLC SFA supplementation to prevent cirrhosis and HCC. © 2021 American Association for Cancer Research.
Role of adropin in cardiometabolic disorders: From pathophysiological mechanisms to therapeutic target; Although a large amount of data supports the crucial role of endothelial dysfunction (ED) in cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), there is a large bench-to-bedside chasm between basic and clinical research of ED, limiting the implementation of these findings in everyday clinical settings. Hence, it is important to further investigate the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying ED and find modalities that will alleviate its clinical implementation. Adropin, a highly conserved peptide hormone secreted primarily by the liver, recently emerged as an important regulatory component of the vascular endothelium. Specifically, the vasoprotective role of adropin is achieved mainly by affecting endothelial NO synthesis. Thus, in this review, we aimed to summarize the current knowledge regarding the role of adropin in physiological processes and address the protective role of adropin in endothelium with consequent implications to CV pathologies. We focused on data regarding the role of adropin in the clinical setting, with concurrent implications to future clinical use of adropin. Studies suggest that plasma levels of adropin correlate with indices of ED in various pathologies and enhanced disease progression, implying that adropin may serve as a useful biomarker of ED in the upcoming future. On the other hand, despite notable results with respect to therapeutic potential of adropin in preliminary experiments, further well-designed studies are warranted in order to establish if adropin might be beneficial in this setting. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The gut-cardiovascular connection: New era for cardiovascular therapy; Our gut microbiome is constituted by trillions of microorganisms including bacteria, archaea and eukaryotic microbes. Nowadays, gut microbiome has been gradually recognized as a new organ system that systemically and biochemically interact with the host. Accumulating evidence suggests that the imbalanced gut microbiome contributes to the dysregulation of immune system and the disruption of cardiovascular homeostasis. Specific microbiome profiles and altered intestinal permeability are often observed in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular diseases. Gut-derived metabolites, toxins, peptides and immune cell-derived cytokines play pivotal roles in the induction of inflammation and the pathogenesis of dysfunction of heart and vasculature. Impaired crosstalk between gut microbiome and multiple organ systems, such as gut-vascular, heart-gut, gut-liver and brain-gut axes, are associated with higher cardiovascular risks. Medications and strategies that restore healthy gut microbiome might therefore represent novel therapeutic options to lower the incidence of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders.  © 2021 Chak Kwong Cheng and Yu Huang, published by De Gruyter, Berlin/Boston.
Regulatory T Cells and Diabetes Mellitus; Immune system dysfunction causes dysregulation of immune homeostasis, which in turn leads to autoimmune diseases. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) are a specialized T cell subpopulation that maintain peripheral tolerance and immune homeostasis. Diabetic patients are at an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases; thus, in terms of coronary risk, diabetes mellitus (DM) is considered coronary heart disease equivalent. Accumulating evidence indicates that Tregs play an important role in protecting against the development of various cardiovascular diseases. In this review, we provide an overview of the role of Tregs in the pathogenesis of DM, including type 1 DM, type 2 DM, latent autoimmune diabetes of adults, and gestational DM. In addition, we discuss the role of Tregs in diabetic complications, including cardiovascular diseases, nephropathy, neuropathy, and retinopathy. Tregs play a beneficial role in the pathogenesis of DM and diabetic complications, although the precise molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of Tregs against DM are still obscure. Collectively, modification of Tregs may provide a promising and novel future strategy for the prevention and therapy of DM and diabetic complications. © Copyright 2021, by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2021.
Long non-coding RNAs in metabolic disorders: pathogenetic relevance and potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets; Background: It has been suggested that dysregulation of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) could be associated with the incidence and development of metabolic disorders. Aim: Accordingly, this narrative review described the molecular mechanisms of lncRNAs in the development of metabolic diseases including insulin resistance, diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cirrhosis, and coronary artery diseases (CAD). Furthermore, we investigated the up-to-date findings on the association of deregulated lncRNAs in the metabolic disorders, and potential use of lncRNAs as biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Conclusion: LncRNAs/miRNA/regulatory proteins axis plays a crucial role in progression of metabolic disorders and may be used in development of therapeutic and diagnostic approaches. © 2021, Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Can diet modulate trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) production? What do we know so far?; Background: Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) is a metabolite that has attracted attention due to its positive association with several chronic non-communicable diseases such as insulin resistance, atherosclerotic plaque formation, diabetes, cancer, heart failure, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, liver steatosis, cardiac fibrosis, endothelial injury, neural degeneration and Alzheimer's disease. TMAO production results from the fermentation by the gut microbiota of dietary nutrients such as choline and carnitine, which are transformed to trimethylamine (TMA) and converted into TMAO in the liver by flavin-containing monooxygenase 1 and 3 (FMO1 and FMO3). Considering that TMAO is involved in the development of many chronic diseases, strategies have been found to enhance a healthy gut microbiota. In this context, some studies have shown that nutrients and bioactive compounds from food can modulate the gut microbiota and possibly reduce TMAO production. Objective: This review has as main objective to discuss the studies that demonstrated the effects of food on the reduction of this harmful metabolite. Methods: All relevant articles until November 2020 were included. The articles were searched in Medline through PubMed. Results: Both the food is eaten acutely and chronically, by altering the nature of the gut microbiota, influencing colonic TMA production. Furthermore, hepatic production of TMAO by the flavin monooxygenases in the liver may also be influenced by phenolic compounds present in foods. Conclusion: The evidence presented in this review shows that TMAO levels can be reduced by some bioactive compounds. However, it is crucial to notice that there is significant variation among the studies. Further clinical studies should be conducted to evaluate these dietary components’ effectiveness, dose, and intervention time on TMAO levels and its precursors. © 2021, Springer-Verlag GmbH, DE part of Springer Nature.
Correlation of Serum Adropin Levels with Risk Factors of Cardiovascular Disease in Hemodialysis Patients; Many preclinical studies have shown that adropin has physiological effects such as regulating glucose, lipid, and energy metabolism, protecting endothelial cells and antiatherosclerosis. Our aim is to explore whether adropin is correlated with risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in hemodialysis (HD) patients. Methods: We recruited 170 HD patients and 120 healthy controls. The serum adropin concentration and clinical characteristics were measured. Results: The serum adropin concentration in HD patients was significantly lower than that in healthy controls and which in HD patients with CVD or diabetes mellitus (DM) was significantly lower than that in patients without CVD or DM. The correlation analysis showed that serum adropin levels were correlated negatively with Age, CVD history, DM history, C-reactive protein, type B natriuretic peptide, phosphorus, intact parathyroid hormone, carotid artery plaque amount and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), left ventricular septal thickness (LVSTd), and left ventricular posterior wall thickness, whereas it was correlated positively with albumin, hemoglobin, serum creatinine and Kt/V, and ejection fraction value. Partial correlation analysis verified that serum adropin levels were correlated negatively with CIMT, and multiple linear regression analysis revealed that low serum adropin levels may be one independent predictors of CIMT. However, the partial correlation analysis and multiple linear regression analysis did not identify the significant correlation between serum adropin levels and LVSTd. Conclusions: Our study revealed that serum adropin level is significantly correlated with risk factors of CVD and low serum adropin levels may be a potential predictor of CVD in HD patients. © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Tertiary butylhydroquinone alleviated liver steatosis and increased cell survival via β-arrestin-2/PI3K/AKT pathway; Objective(s): This study aimed to evaluate the effects and the underlying mechanisms of tertiary butylhydroquinone (TBHQ) on diabetic liver steatosis and cell survival. Materials and Methods: We performed streptozocin injection and used a high-sugar-high-fat diet for mice to develop an animal model of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Bodyweight, blood glucose levels, and content of insulin were measured on all of the mice. The liver tissues were observed by hematoxylin-eosin staining. Protein levels of the liver were measured by Western blot analysis in mice. Primary hepatocytes were induced by hypochlorous acid (HClO) and insulin to form insulin resistance (IR). Primary hepatocyte apoptosis was observed by Hoechst staining. The PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and β-arrestin-2 factor were evaluated by Western blot assay. Results: TBHQ reduced the blood glucose level and content of insulin in serum, increased body weight, and effectively alleviated liver steatosis in diabetic mice. TBHQ significantly up-regulated the expression of p-PI3K, p-AKT, GLUT4, GSK3β, and β-arrestin-2 in the liver of diabetic mice. Cell experiments confirmed that TBHQ increased the survival ability of primary hepatocytes, and TBHQ improved the expression of p-PI3K, p-AKT, GLUT4, and GSK3β by activating β-arrestin-2 in primary hepatocytes. Conclusion: TBHQ could alleviate liver steatosis and increase cell survival, and the mechanism is due in part to β-arrestin-2 activation. © 2021 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Imaging-Based Body Fat Distribution in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are generally considered to be central obese and at higher risks of metabolic disturbances. Imaging methods are the golden standards for detecting body fat distribution. However, evidence based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computed tomography (CT) is conflicting. This study systematically reviewed the imaging-based body fat distribution in PCOS patients and quantitatively evaluated the difference in body fat distribution between PCOS and BMI-matched controls. Methods: PUBMED, EMBASE, and Web of Science were searched up to December 2019, and studies quantitatively compared body fat distribution by MRI, CT, ultrasound, or X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) between women with PCOS and their BMI-matched controls were included. Two researchers independently reviewed the articles, extract data and evaluated the study quality based on Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS). Results: 47 studies were included in systematic review and 39 were eligible for meta-analysis. Compared to BMI-matched controls, higher accumulations of visceral fat (SMD 0.41; 95%CI: 0.23-0.59), abdominal subcutaneous fat (SMD 0.31; 95%CI: 0.20-0.41), total body fat (SMD 0.19; 95% CI: 0.06-0.32), trunk fat (SMD 0.47; 95% CI: 0.17-0.77), and android fat (SMD 0. 36; 95% CI: 0.06-0.66) were identified in PCOS group. However, no significant difference was identified in all the above outcomes in subgroups only including studies using golden standards MRI or CT to evaluate body fat distribution (SMD 0.19; 95%CI: -0.04-0.41 for visceral fat; SMD 0.15; 95%CI: -0.01-0.31 for abdominal subcutaneous fat). Moreover, meta-regression and subgroup analyses showed that young and non-obese patients were more likely to accumulate android fat. Conclusions: PCOS women seem to have abdominal fat accumulation when compared with BMI-matched controls. However, MRI- and CT- assessed fat distribution was similar between PCOS and controls, suggesting central obesity may be independent of PCOS. These findings will help us reappraise the relationship between PCOS and abnormal fat deposition and develop specialized lifestyle interventions for PCOS patients. Systematic Review Registration: PROSPERO, identifier CRD42018102983. © Copyright © 2021 Zhu, Li, Hu, Sun, Wang, Yuan and Li.
Effects of dietary red raspberry consumption on pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus parameters; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic metabolic condition characterized by glucose clearance abnormalities and insufficient insulin response. Left uncontrolled, T2DM can result in serious complications and death. With no cure available currently and the prevalence of major risk factors such as pre-diabetes and the metabolic syndrome continuously increasing, there is an urgent need for effective treatments with limited or no side effects. Red raspberries (RR) contain various phytonutrients with potential for modulating insulin function, glucose, and lipid metabolism. The objective of this literature review was to investigate the potential metabolic benefits of dietary RR in individuals with T2DM and pre-diabetes. A search of major scientific databases was employed to identify peer-reviewed, in vivo, or human studies that utilized whole RR or its functional constituents as treatment. The studies examined provide evidence that RR may offer clinically beneficial effects for the prevention and management of chronic diseases through improvements in glucose handling and insulin sensitivity, adiposity, lipid profiles, ectopic lipid accumulation, inflammation, oxidative stress, and cardiac health. More human trials and in vivo studies are needed to confirm the benefits of dietary RR in T2DM and pre-diabetes and to explore the dose-dependent relationships, optimal duration, and treatment modality. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Probiotic supplements alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus by restoring the diversity of gut microbiota: a study based on 16S rRNA sequencing; Probiotics effectively prevent and improve metabolic diseases such as diabetes by regulating the intestinal microenvironment and gut microbiota. However, the effects of probiotics in gestational diabetes mellitus are not clear. Here, we showed that probiotic supplements significantly improved fasting blood glucose in a gestational diabetes mellitus rat model. To further understand the mechanisms of probiotics in gestational diabetes mellitus, the gut microbiota were analyzed via 16S rRNA sequencing. We found that compared with the normal pregnant group, the gestational diabetes mellitus rats had decreased diversity of gut microbiota. Moreover, probiotic supplementation restored the diversity of the gut microbiota in gestational diabetes mellitus rats, and the gut microbiota structure tended to be similar to that of normal pregnant rats. In particular, compared with gestational diabetes mellitus rats, the abundance of Firmicutes and Actinobacteria was higher after probiotic supplementation. Furthermore, activating carbohydrate metabolism and membrane transport pathways may be involved in the potential mechanisms by which probiotic supplements alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus. Overall, our results suggested that probiotic supplementation might be a novel approach to restore the gut microbiota of gestational diabetes mellitus rats and provided an experimental evidence for the use of probiotic supplements to treat gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2021, The Microbiological Society of Korea.
Potential relationship between the changes in circulating micrornas and the improvement in glycaemic control induced by grape pomace supplementation; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) represent important tools in medicine and nutrition as new biomark-ers, and can act as mediators of nutritional and pharmacological interventions. The aim of the present study was to analyse the effect of grape pomace supplementation on the expression of seven selected miRNAs and their potential relationship with the observed positive effect on glycaemic control, in order to shed light on the mechanism underlying the beneficial effect of this dietary intervention. For this purpose, plasma samples were obtained from 49 subjects with metabolic syndrome. After supplementation with grape pomace (6 weeks), these subjects were categorised as responders (n = 23) or non-responders (n = 26) according to the changes in their fasting insulin rate. MiRNA expression at baseline and at the end of the supplementation was analysed by RT-PCR, and the MiRecords Database was used to identify potential target genes for the studied miRNAs. The increase observed in miR-23a in the whole cohort was present in both subgroups of participants. The increase in miR-181a was significant among non-responders but not responders. The decrease in miR-30c and miR-222 was found in the responders, but not in the non-responders. No changes were observed in miR-10a, miR-151a, miR-181a, and miR-let-7a expressions. After analysing these results, a potential involvement of the reduced expression of miR-30c and miR-222, two microRNAs associated with insulin resistance and diabetes, in the improvement of glycaemic control produced by grape pomace administration, can be proposed. Further research is needed to confirm the involvement of glycolytic enzymes, PI3K, AMPK, and IRS-1 in the effect of grape pomace, as suggested by the changes induced in microRNAs. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
MicroRNA-29a in osteoblasts represses high-fat diet-mediated osteoporosis and body adiposis through targeting leptin; Skeletal tissue involves systemic adipose tissue metabolism and energy expenditure. Mi-croRNA signaling controls high-fat diet (HFD)-induced bone and fat homeostasis dysregulation remains uncertain. This study revealed that transgenic overexpression of miR-29a under control of osteocalcin promoter in osteoblasts (miR-29aTg) attenuated HFD-mediated body overweight, hy-perglycemia, and hypercholesterolemia. HFD-fed miR-29aTg mice showed less bone mass loss, fatty marrow, and visceral fat mass together with increased subscapular brown fat mass than HFD-fed wild-type mice. HFD-induced O2 underconsumption, respiratory quotient repression, and heat underproduction were attenuated in miR-29aTg mice. In vitro, miR-29a overexpression repressed transcriptomic landscapes of the adipocytokine signaling pathway, fatty acid metabolism, and lipid transport, etc., of bone marrow mesenchymal progenitor cells. Forced miR-29a expression promoted osteogenic differentiation but inhibited adipocyte formation. miR-29a signaling promoted brown/beige adipocyte markers Ucp-1, Pgc-1α, P2rx5, and Pat2 expression and inhibited white ad-ipocyte markers Tcf21 and Hoxc9 expression. The microRNA also reduced peroxisome formation and leptin expression during adipocyte formation and downregulated HFD-induced leptin expression in bone tissue. Taken together, miR-29a controlled leptin signaling and brown/beige adipocyte formation of osteogenic progenitor cells to preserve bone anabolism, which reversed HFD-induced energy underutilization and visceral fat overproduction. This study sheds light on a new molecular mechanism by which bone integrity counteracts HFD-induced whole-body fat overproduction. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metabolomic profile associated with obstructive sleep apnoea severity in obese pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study; Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) is prevalent in obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present pilot study explored associations between OSA severity and metabolites in women with GDM. A total of 81 obese women with diet-controlled GDM had OSA assessment (median gestational age [GA] 29 weeks). The metabolic profile was assayed from fasting serum samples via liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry (LC-MS) using an untargeted approach. Metabolites were extracted and subjected to an Agilent 1,290 UPLC coupled to an Agilent 6,545 quadrupole time-of-flight (Q-TOF) MS. Data were acquired using electrospray ionisation in positive and negative ion modes. The raw LC-MS data were processed using the OpenMS toolkit to detect and quantify features, and these features were annotated using the Human Metabolite Database. The feature data were compared with OSA status, apnea–hypopnea index (AHI), body mass index (BMI) and GA using “limma” in R. Correlation analyses of the continuous covariates were performed using Kendall’s Tau test. The p values were adjusted for multiple testing using the Benjamini–Hochberg false discovery rate correction. A total of 42 women (51.8%) had OSA, with a median AHI of 9.1 events/hr. There were no significant differences in metabolomics profiles between those with and without OSA. However, differential analyses modelling in GA and BMI found 12 features that significantly associated with the AHI. These features could be annotated to oestradiols, lysophospholipids, and fatty acids, with higher levels related to higher AHI. Metabolites including oestradiols and phospholipids may be involved in pathogenesis of OSA in pregnant women with GDM. A targeted approach may help elucidate our understanding of their role in OSA in this population. © 2021 European Sleep Research Society
Urine organic acids may be useful biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its components in Korean adults; Objectives: Although metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components are defined clinically, those with MetS may have various derangements in metabolic pathways. Thus, this study aimed to evaluate the traits of urine organic acid metabolites indicating the metabolic intermediates of the pathways in the subjects with MetS. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 246 men and 283 women in a hospital health check-up setting. Urine organic acid metabolites were assayed via high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analyses. A high level of each metabolite was defined as the fifth quintile of the distribution. Results: The subjects with MetS had high levels of pyruvate, α-ketoglutarate, α-ketoisovalerate, α-ketoisocaproate, formiminoglutamate, and quinolinate (odds ratios from 1.915 to 2.809 in logistic models adjusted for age and sex). Among the metabolites, pyruvate, formiminoglutamate, and quinolinate were not independent of homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR). Several metabolites were associated with one or more components of MetS and HOMA2-IR. Conclusions: Urine organic acid metabolites in MetS are characterized in altered carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism. MetS shared some traits in insulin resistance. These findings may promote the understanding of the pathophysiology of MetS.  © 2021 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Vascepa protects against high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and impaired β-cell function; Omega-3 fatty acid prescription drugs, Vascepa (≥96% eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] ethyl ester) and Lovaza (46.5% EPA and 37.5% docosahexaenoic acid ethyl ester) are known therapeutic regimens to treat hypertriglyceridemia. However, their impact on glucose homeostasis, progression to type 2 diabetes, and pancreatic beta cell function are not well understood. In the present study, mice were treated with Vascepa or Lovaza for one week prior to six weeks of high-fat diet feeding. Vascepa but not Lovaza led to reduced insulin resistance, reduced fasting insulin and glucose, and improved glucose intolerance. Vascepa improved beta cell function, reduced liver triglycerides with enhanced expression of hepatic fatty acid oxidation genes, and altered microbiota composition. Vascepa has protective effects on diet-induced insulin resistance and glucose intolerance in mice. © 2021 The Authors
A glimpse at the size of the fetal liver—is it connected with the evolution of gestational diabetes?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as an impairment of glucose tolerance, manifested by hyperglycemia, which occurs at any stage of pregnancy. GDM is more common in the third trimester of pregnancy and usually disappears after birth. It was hypothesized that the glycemic status of the mother can modulate liver development and growth early during the preg-nancy. The simplest modality to monitor the evolution of GDM employs noninvasive techniques. In this category, routinely obstetrical ultrasound (OUS) examinations (simple or 2D/3D) can be em-ployed for specific fetal measurements, such as fetal liver length (FLL) or volume (FLV). FLL and FLV may emerge as possible predictors of GDM as they positively relate to the maternal glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels and to the results of the oral glucose tolerance test. The aim of this review is to offer insight into the relationship between GDM and fetal nutritional status. Risk factors for GDM and the short-and long-term outcomes of GDM pregnancies are also discussed, as well as the significance of different dietary patterns. Moreover, the review aims to fill one gap in the litera-ture, investigating whether fetal liver growth can be used as a predictor of GDM evolution. To con-clude, although studies pointed out a connection between fetal indices and GDM as useful tools in the early detection of GDM (before 23 weeks of gestation), additional research is needed to properly manage GDM and offspring health. © 2021 by the authors. Li-censee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Management of Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy: Recommendations of the Working Group on Obstetrics and Prenatal Medicine - Section on Maternal Disorders; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease specific to pregnancy. The cardinal symptom of pruritus and a concomitant elevated level of bile acids in the serum and/or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) are suggestive for the diagnosis. Overall, the maternal prognosis is good. The fetal outcome depends on the bile acid level. ICP is associated with increased risks for adverse perinatal outcomes, including preterm delivery, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, and stillbirth. Acute fetal asphyxia and not chronic uteroplacental dysfunction leads to stillbirth. Therefore, predictive fetal monitoring is not possible. While medication with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) improves pruritus, it has not been shown to affect fetal outcome. The indication for induction of labour depends on bile acid levels and gestational age. There is a high risk of recurrence in subsequent pregnancies. © 2021 American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE). All rights reserved.
One carbon metabolism and early development: a diet-dependent destiny; One carbon metabolism (OCM) is critical for early development, as it provides one carbon (1C) units for the biosynthesis of DNA, proteins, and lipids and epigenetic modification of the genome. Epigenetic marks established early in life can be maintained and exert lasting impacts on gene expression and functions later in life. Animal and human studies have increasingly demonstrated that prenatal 1C nutrient deficiencies impair fetal growth, neurodevelopment, and cardiometabolic parameters in childhood, while sufficient maternal 1C nutrient intake is protective against these detrimental outcomes. However, recent studies also highlight the potential risk of maternal 1C nutrient excess or imbalance in disrupting early development. Further studies are needed to delineate the dose–response relationship among prenatal 1C nutrient exposure, epigenetic modifications, and developmental outcomes. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Regulation of nutritional metabolism in transition dairy goats: Energy balance, liver activity, and insulin resistance in response to berberine supplementation; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of the isoquinoline alkaloid berberine (BBR) on the energy balance (EB), glucose and insulin metabolism, and liver functionality in transition dairy goats, as reflected by blood metabolites and enzymes. Twenty-four primiparous Saanen goats were randomly allocated to four groups. Goats in each group received, ad libitum, the same basal diet during the pre-and post-partum periods of evaluation. Goats received daily0, 1, 2, or 4 g BBR (coded as CON, BBR1, BBR2, and BBR4, respectively). Dry matter intake (DMI) and milk yield were recorded daily. Blood samples were collected on days −21, −14, −7, 0, 7, 14, and 21 relative to kidding, and individual body condition scores (BCSs) were also rec-orded. Supplementation with either BBR2 or BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) pre-and post-partum DMI, increasing (p < 0.05) the intakes of net energy for lactating and metabolizable proteins. BBR2 and BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) post-partum milk production as well as fat-corrected milk (FCM), energy-corrected milk (ECM), and feed efficiency, indicating the alleviating effect of BBR on the negative energy balance (NEB) in transition goats. The daily ingestion of either 2 or 4 g BBR reduced (p < 0.05) plasma aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and alkaline phos-phatase (ALP) and increased (p < 0.05) the dynamic change in the liver activity index (LAI) and liver functionality index (LFI), implying its hepatoprotective effect on transition goats. Overall, the results suggest that BBR supplementation of at least 2 g/d may help to ameliorate insulin resistance (IR) and fat metabolism disorders initiated by the NEB in transition dairy goats. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Genome-wide association study and functional analyses for clinical and subclinical ketosis in Holstein cattle; Ketosis is one of the most frequent metabolic diseases in high-yielding dairy cows and is characterized by high concentrations of ketone bodies in blood, urine, and milk, causing high economic losses. The search for polymorphic genes, whose alleles have different effects on resistance to developing the disease, is of extreme importance to help select less susceptible animals. The aims of this study were to identify genomic regions associated with clinical and subclinical ketosis (β-hydroxybutyrate concentration) in North American Holstein dairy cattle and to investigate these regions to identify candidate genes and metabolic pathways associated with these traits. To achieve this, a GWAS was performed for 4 traits: clinical ketosis lactation 1, clinical ketosis lactation 2 to 5, subclinical ketosis lactation 1, and subclinical ketosis lactation 2 to 5. The estimated breeding values from 77,277 cows and 7,704 bulls were deregressed and used as pseudophenotypes in the GWAS. The top-20 genomic regions explaining the largest proportion of the genetic variance were investigated for putative genes associated with the traits through functional analyses. Regions of interest were identified on chromosomes 2, 5, and 6 for clinical ketosis lactation 1; 3, 6, and 7 for clinical ketosis lactation 2 to 5; 1, 2, and 12 for subclinical ketosis lactation 1; and 20, 11, and 25 for subclinical ketosis lactation 2 to 5. The highlighted genes potentially related to clinical and subclinical ketosis included ACAT2 and IGF1. Enrichment analysis of the list of candidate genes for clinical and subclinical ketosis showed molecular functions and biological processes involved in fatty acid metabolism, lipid metabolism, and inflammatory response in dairy cattle. Several genomic regions and SNPs related to susceptibility to ketosis in dairy cattle that were previously described in other studies were confirmed. The novel genomic regions identified in this study aid to characterize the most important genes and pathways that explain the susceptibility to clinical and subclinical ketosis in dairy cattle. © 2021 American Dairy Science Association
Nutrition in patients with type 2 diabetes: Present knowledge and remaining challenges; Unhealthy behaviours, including diet and physical activity, coupled with genetic predis-position, drive type 2 diabetes (T2D) occurrence and severity; the present review aims to summarise the most recent nutritional approaches in T2D, outlining unmet needs. Guidelines consistently suggest reducing energy intake to counteract the obesity epidemic, frequently resulting in sarcopenic obesity, a condition associated with poorer metabolic control and cardiovascular disease. Various dietary approaches have been proposed with largely similar results, with a preference for the Mediterranean diet and the best practice being the diet that patients feel confident of maintaining in the long term based on individual preferences. Patient adherence is indeed the pivotal factor for weight loss and long-term maintenance, requiring intensive lifestyle intervention. The consumption of nutritional supplements continues to increase even if international societies do not support their systematic use. Inositols and vitamin D supplementation, as well as micronutrients (zinc, chromium, magnesium) and pre/probiotics, result in modest improvement in insulin sensitivity, but their use is not systematically suggested. To reach the desired goals, patients should be actively involved in the collaborative development of a personalised meal plan associated with habitual physical activ-ity, aiming at normal body weight and metabolic control. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Dietary and physical activity habits in adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (Pcos)-hastudy; The role of inappropriate lifestyle in the etiology of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and its metabolic and reproductive complications has attracted much attention in recent years; however, most studies involve adult patients. Thus, the study aimed to compare dietary patterns, physical activity, metabolic, anthropometric and inflammatory markers of 14–18-year-old girls with and without PCOS (n = 61 and n = 35, respectively) as well as to assess correlations between concentrations of metabolic and inflammatory markers and macronutrient intake and to identify the independent predictors of PCOS, related to diet and physical activity (PA). Compared to the control group, PCOS girls consumed significantly more total fat (p = 0.0005), including both saturated (SFA) (p = 0.03), monounsaturated (MUFA) (p = 0.0003) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (p = 0.01). A significantly higher percentage of PCOS patients consumed high and medium glycemic index (GI) foods (p = 0.03) and represented a low level of PA, both during school and in leisure time (41.67 vs. 6.06%; p = 0.0001 and 32.79 vs. 5.71%; p = 0.003, respectively). The PCOS group had also significantly higher waist circumference (WC), C-reactive protein (CRP) (p = 0.01), LDL cholesterol (p = 0.01), fasting insulin (p = 0.002) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.006) levels. There was an inverse correlation between fiber intake and fasting insulin, (p = 0.0002, r = −0.37), HOMA-IR (p = 0.0004, r = −0.35), WC (p = 0.029; r = −0.222) and a positive relationship between high and medium GI diet and insulin concentration (p = 0.003; r = 0.3). An increase of 10 g/day in total fat intake per day increases the probability of PCOS by 1.4 times. If the SFA or MUFA intakes increase by 10 g, the probability of PCOS increase 1.7-fold and 2.5-fold, respectively. The consumption of foods with a medium GI raises the probability of PCOS by more than 3 times, after adjusting for age. The odds ratio decreased for the moderate and high PA at school/work and in leisure time. Further research in girls with PCOS is needed to test whether low GI and dietary fatty acid reduction combined with increased PA is effective in the nonpharmacological treatment and prevention of PCOS complications. ClinicalTrial.gov Identifier: NCT04738409. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Second-trimester maternal lipid profiles rather than glucose levels predict the occurrence of neonatal macrosomia regardless of glucose tolerance status: A matched cohort study in Beijing; Aims: The mechanism underlying fetal overgrowth during pregnancy remains elusive. We aimed to establish a predictive model to identify the high-risk individuals with macrosomia in the second trimester of pregnancy. Design: A total of 2577 pregnant women with a routine 75-g oral glucose tolerance test during 24–28 gestational weeks were screened in a prospective cohort. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) cases were 1:1 matching with age (±2 years) in normal glucose tolerance (NGT) ones from the same region. Multivariate logistic regression analysis and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve were performed to determine the index and its inflection point for predicting macrosomia occurrence. Results: The data of perinatal outcomes of 565 GDM and 549 NGT who had given birth to single live babies at term were analyzed. Notably, we found serum apolipoprotein B (ApoB) level higher than 4.04 g/L combined with triglycerides (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL[sbnd]C) ratio above 1.36 formed the predictive model in both groups. The area under the ROC curve of this predictive model included ApoB and TG/HDL-C reached 0.807 (95% CI: 0.771–0.873) with a sensitivity of 71.9% and a specificity of 78.6%. Mediation analysis revealed that ApoB and TG/HDL-C ratio mediated the harmful effect of FBG on the risk of macrosomia. Conclusion: Maternal ApoB levels and TG/HDL-C ratio could predict macrosomia occurrence in pregnancy, which might be a new target for early intervention to prevent excess fetal growth. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Metformin impairs bile acid homeostasis in ethinylestradiol-induced cholestasis in mice; Metformin, an oral antidiabetic drug, recently demonstrated a reducing effect on bile acids (BA) plasma concentrations in one patient with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) by unknown mechanism. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to examine the effect of metformin on BA homeostasis and related molecular pathways in the liver and intestine using a mouse model of ICP. The cholestasis was induced in female C57BL/6 mice by repeated administration of ethinylestradiol (10 mg/kg BW s.c.) and/or metformin (150 mg/kg BW orally) over 5 consecutive days with subsequent bile collection and molecular analysis of samples. We demonstrated that metformin significantly increased the rate of bile secretion in control mice. This increase was BA dependent and was produced both by increased liver BA synthesis via induced cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase (Cyp7a1) and by increased BA reabsorption in the ileum via induction of the apical sodium-dependent BA transporter (Asbt). In contrast, metformin further worsened ethinylestradiol-induced impairment of bile secretion. This reduction was also BA dependent and corresponded with significant downregulation of Bsep, and Ntcp, major excretory and uptake transporters for BA in hepatocytes, respectively. The plasma concentrations of BA were consequently significantly increased in the metformin-treated mice. Altogether, our data indicate positive stimulation of bile secretion by metformin in the intact liver, but this drug also induces serious impairment of BA biliary secretion, with a marked increase in plasma concentrations in estrogen-induced cholestasis. Our results imply that metformin should be used with caution in situations with hormone-dependent cholestasis, such as ICP. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Changes in serum total bile acid concentrations are associated with the risk of developing adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in pregnant Chinese women; Background and aims: We aimed to investigate the association between total bile acid (TBA) concentrations changes during the second and third trimesters and the risk of developing adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes (AMPO). Methods: A total of 1569 pregnant Chinese women were enrolled. Serum TBA concentrations were measured during the 16–18th and 29–34th weeks of gestation. Logistic regression models were performed. Results: After multivariable adjustment, each standard deviation increase in the TBA concentrations in the second trimester was associated with a 30% (odds ratio [OR] = 1.30, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.13, 1.50) increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and a 22% (OR = 1.22, 95% CI: 1.07, 1.63) increased risk of premature rupture of membranes (PROM). When we compared the highest and lowest quartiles of changes in the TBA Z-scores across the second and third trimesters, the adjusted ORs were 1.84 (95% CI: 1.28, 2.65) for PROM and 1.47 (95% CI: 1.07, 2.28) for macrosomia. Conclusion: Elevated serum TBA concentrations during pregnancy were positively associated with increased risks of GDM and PROM. Women with more drastic changes in TBA concentrations across the second and third trimesters were at a higher risk of developing PROM and macrosomia. © 2021 The Authors
Preparation of naringenin solution for in vivo application; The preparation of a compound (phytochemical) solution is an overlooked but critical step prior to its application in studies such as drug screening. The complete solubilization of the compound is necessary for its safe use and relatively stable results. Here, a protocol for preparing naringenin solution and its intraperitoneal administration in a high-fat diet and streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic model is demonstrated as an example. A small amount of naringenin (3.52-6.69 mg) was used to test its solubilization in solvents, including ethanol, dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO), and DMSO plus Tween 80 reconstituted in physiological saline (PS), respectively. Complete solubilization of the compound is determined by observing the color of the solution, the presence of precipitates after centrifugation (2000 x g for 30 s), or allowing the solution to stand for 2 h at room temperature (RT). After obtaining a stable compound/phytochemical solution, the final concentration/amount of the compound required for in vivo studies can be prepared in a solvent-only (no PS) stock solution, and then diluted/mixed with PS as desired. The antidiabetic osteoporotic effects of naringenin in mice (intraperitoneal administration at 2 mg/mL) were assessed by measuring blood glucose, bone mass (micro-CT), and bone resorption rate (TRAP staining and ELISA). Researchers looking for detailed organic/phytochemical solution preparations will benefit from this technique. © 2021 JoVE Journal of Visualized Experiments.
Roles of microRNAs in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders and their therapeutic potential; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small (∼21 nucleotides), endogenous, non-coding RNA molecules implicated in the post-transcriptional gene regulation performed through target mRNA cleavage or translational inhibition. In recent years, several investigations have demonstrated that miRNAs are involved in regulating both carbohydrate and lipid homeostasis in humans and other organisms. Moreover, it has been observed that the dysregulation of these metabolism-related miRNAs leads to the development of several metabolic disorders, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia. Hence, in this current review, with the aim to impulse the research arena of the micro-transcriptome implications in vital metabolic pathways as well as to highlight the remarkable potential of miRNAs as therapeutic targets for metabolic disorders in humans, we provide an overview of the regulatory roles of metabolism-associated miRNAs in humans and murine models. © 2021 Elsevier B.V. and Société Française de Biochimie et Biologie Moléculaire (SFBBM)
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: Association with glycaemic control in gestational diabetes; Aims: The aim of this study was to determine whether the metabolic glucose profile, based on glycaemic control and insulin requirements, was different in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) compared to women with only GDM. Methods: This retrospective cohort study comprised women with GDM and ICP matched with women with only GDM was undertaken at Aarhus University hospital, Denmark, from 2012 to 2019. A total of 46 cases and 184 controls were compared in relation to glycaemic control during pregnancy. Women with GDM and ICP were further divided into subgroups according to the severity of ICP: mild ICP (fasting bile salts 10–39 μmol/L) and moderate/severe ICP (bile salts ≥40 μmol/L). Results: No statistically significant differences were observed in baseline 2-h oral glucose tolerance test values, second and third trimester HbA1c values, or maximum insulin requirements during pregnancy between women with GDM with and without ICP. Significantly more women with ICP developed preeclampsia during pregnancy: 23.9% (11/46) versus 7.6% (14/184); p = 0.003. Conclusions: This study is the first to address the course of pregnancy in women with GDM with and without ICP in a clinical setting. Under the current treatment guidelines, ICP is not associated with clinically significant changes in glycaemic control in GDM. Significantly more women with both GDM and ICP developed preeclampsia. © 2021 Diabetes UK
Protective effects of HIIT vs. CET exercise training on high-fat-high-fructose diet-induced hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and histopathology of liver in rats: regulation of SIRT1/PGC-1α; Background: Disruption of the function of sirtuin1 (SIRT1) has been reported to link with diabetes and metabolic disorders. Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a modified high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and moderate-intensity continuous training (MICT) or continuous endurance training (CET) program on Sirt1 and PGC-1α mRNA gene expression in hepatocytes of high-fat/high-fructose diet-induced diabetes in rats. Methods: Twenty-eight male Wistar rats (220 ± 20 g) were randomly divided into four groups of non-diabetic (NDC), diabetic control (received high fat high-fructose diet (HFHFD-DC)), CET (HFHFD-CET), and HIIT (HFHFD-HIIT). Diabetes was induced by feeding rats a high-fat (30%) high-fructose (20%) diet for 25 weeks. Following confirmed hyperglycemia, both HFHFD-CET (60–65% Vo2max) and HFHFD-HIIT (85–90% Vo2max) rats underwent treadmill exercise for 30 min, 5 days/week at 10 m/min for 8 weeks. Thereafter, blood and liver samples were obtained for biochemical studies. For histological analysis, the liver was fixed in 10% formalin, embedded in paraffin, and sectioned (5 μm thickness) for H&E staining. SIRT-1 and PGC-1α mRNA expression were measured by RT-PCR from the liver sample (frizzed sample). All data were presented as mean ± standard error mean and compared the differences by one-way analysis of variances. The alpha level was set at 0.05 (p < 0.05) for statistical difference. Results: The results show that HIIT was more effective than CET to reduce vesicular steatosis. HIIT significantly enhanced the expression of SIRT-1 compared to the HFHFD-DC group (fold change: 1.47, p < 0.047). However, HIIT decreased PGC-1α expression compared to the HFHFD-DC group, but it was not significant (fold change: 1.32 and p < 0.247). Conclusions: HIIT was more effective than CET in SIRT-1 expression augmentation in high-fat, high-fructose diabetic rats which suggests a possible treatment strategy in the context of type 2 diabetes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l. part of Springer Nature.
Serum vitamin D levels in relation to metabolic syndrome: A systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies; Several epidemiological studies examined the association of serum vitamin D with metabolic syndrome (MetS), but the findings were inconsistent. We conducted a systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis to quantify the association between blood vitamin D levels and MetS in adults. A systematic search up to December 2020 was conducted in MEDLINE (PubMed), ISI (Web of Science), Scopus, and Google Scholar databases for epidemiological studies that assessed the relation of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (as the exposure) and MetS (as the outcome) in adults. Eligible cross-sectional studies were restricted to those with representative populations. Finally, 43 studies were included in the analysis (38 cross-sectional, one nested case–control, and four cohorts studies). Combining 41 effect sizes from 38 cross-sectional studies included 298,187 general adult population revealed that the highest level of serum vitamin D, compared with the lowest level, was significantly related to a 43% decreased odds of MetS in developed countries (odds ratio [OR]: 0.57; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.49–0.65) and 40% in developing countries (OR: 0.60; 95% CI: 0.52–0.70). Linear dose–response analysis (including 222,175 healthy individuals and 39,308 MetS patients) revealed that each 25 nmol/L increase in serum vitamin D level was significantly associated with a 15% decreased odds of MetS (OR: 0.85; 95% CI: 0.80–0.91); however, we found no significant nonlinear association. Meta-analysis of five prospective studies with 11,019 participants revealed no significant relation (relative risk [RR]: 0.70; 95% CI: 0.37–1.32). This meta-analysis indicated an inverse association between serum vitamin D concentrations and risk of MetS in general adult populations in cross-sectional studies in a dose–response manner. However, no significant association was found in a small number of cohorts. More prospective studies are needed to confirm the causality of this relationship. © 2021 World Obesity Federation
Fatty acids and evolving roles of their proteins in neurological, cardiovascular disorders and cancers; The dysregulation of fat metabolism is involved in various disorders, including neurodegenerative, cardiovascular, and cancers. The uptake of long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) with 14 or more carbons plays a pivotal role in cellular metabolic homeostasis. Therefore, the uptake and metabolism of LCFAs must constantly be in tune with the cellular, metabolic, and structural requirements of cells. Many metabolic diseases are thought to be driven by the abnormal flow of fatty acids either from the dietary origin and/or released from adipose stores. Cellular uptake and intracellular trafficking of fatty acids are facilitated ubiquitously with unique combinations of fatty acid transport proteins and cytoplasmic fatty acid-binding proteins in every tissue. Extensive data are emerging on the defective transporters and metabolism of LCFAs and their clinical implications. Uptake and metabolism of LCFAs are crucial for the brain's functional development and cardiovascular health and maintenance. In addition, data suggest fatty acid metabolic transporter can normalize activated inflammatory response by reprogramming lipid metabolism in cancers. Here we review the current understanding of how LCFAs and their proteins contribute to the pathophysiology of three crucial diseases and the mechanisms involved in the processes. © 2021 The Author(s)
Etiology of obesity, cancer, and diabetes; The prevalence of obesity, cancer, and diabetes are increasing at an alarming rate worldwide. It is important to understand the causes of these diseases to better understand their required prevention and treatment. Obesity is considered a heterogenic disease caused by several factors, especially consistent intake of high-calorie foods with little or no physical activity. Obesity has been associated with cancer and diabetes. Approximately 1 out of 3 cancer deaths are due to high body mass index (BMI), low intake of fruits and vegetables, sedentary lifestyle, lack of physical activity, tobacco addiction, and alcoholism. This chapter explains different biological, environmental, and behavioral factors that physiologically interact to potentiate these diseases in healthy individuals. Mitigating obesity, cancer, and diabetes, which are often caused by several factors, require a comprehensive approach. Functional approach, non-pharmacological approach, and nutritional counseling would play significant roles in the management of these diseases. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021.
Mismatch between obesogenic intrauterine environment and low-fat postnatal diet may confer offspring metabolic advantage; Objective: Mismatch between a depleted intrauterine environment and a substrate-rich postnatal environment confers an increased risk of offspring obesity and metabolic syndrome. Maternal diet-induced obesity (MATOB) is associated with the same outcomes. These experiments tested the hypothesis that a mismatch between a nutrient-rich intrauterine environment and a low-fat postnatal environment would ameliorate offspring metabolic morbidity. Methods: C57BL6/J female mice were fed either a 60% high-fat diet (HFD) or a 10% fat control diet (CD) for 14-week pre-breeding and during pregnancy/lactation. Offspring were weaned to CD. Weight was evaluated weekly; body composition was determined using EchoMRI. Serum fasting lipids and glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed. Metabolic rate, locomotor, and sleep behavior were evaluated with indirect calorimetry. Results: MATOB-exposed/CD-weaned offspring of both sexes had improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity compared to controls. Males had improved fasting lipids. Females had significantly increased weight and body fat percentage in adulthood compared to sex-matched controls. Females also had significantly increased sleep duration and reduced locomotor activity compared to males. Conclusions: Reduced-fat dietary switch following intrauterine and lactational exposure to MATOB was associated with improved glucose handling and lipid profiles in adult offspring, more pronounced in males. A mismatch between a high-fat prenatal and low-fat postnatal environment may confer a metabolic advantage. The amelioration of deleterious metabolic programming by strict offspring adherence to a low-fat diet may have translational potential. © 2021 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome and diabetes mellitus: What’s new?; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is an important public health problem. In addition to its gynecologic and hyperandrogenic manifestations, it has been associated with an increased incidence of prediabetic state, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and diabetes mellitus. The pathogenesis of PCOS, as well as its metabolic consequences, is complex. The two main causative factors are intrinsic insulin resistance and impaired β cell function. Obesity has frequently been reported in PCOS; however, it is not entirely responsible for the insulin resistance in this population. PCOS should be managed with lifestyle modifications and appropriate dietary measures. In addition, treatment with insulin sensitizers is usually needed. PCOS provides a unique opportunity for the screening and early diagnosis of diabetes and its management. © 2021 Journal of Nature and Science of Medicine | Published by Wolters Kluwer-Medknow.
Fibronectin type III domain-containing 5 in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases: a promising biomarker and therapeutic target; Cardiovascular and metabolic diseases are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide and impose a tremendous socioeconomic burden on individuals as well as the healthcare system. Fibronectin type III domain-containing 5 (FNDC5) is a widely distributed transmembrane glycoprotein that can be proteolytically cleaved and secreted as irisin to regulate glycolipid metabolism and cardiovascular homeostasis. In this review, we present the current knowledge on the predictive and therapeutic role of FNDC5 in a variety of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, such as hypertension, atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia, metabolic cardiomyopathy, cardiac remodeling, heart failure, diabetes mellitus, and obesity. © 2020, CPS and SIMM.
Low-carbohydrate diet and maternal glucose metabolism in Chinese pregnant women; Few studies have suggested that long-term adherence to low-carbohydrate diets (LCD) may affect maternal glucose metabolism in Western countries. We aimed to investigate the association between LCD during pregnancy and glucose metabolism in a Chinese population. A total of 1018 women in mid-pregnancy were recruited in 2017-2018. Participants underwent a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Daily dietary intakes over the past month were accessed using a validated FFQ. The overall, animal and vegetable LCD scores which represent adherence to different low-carbohydrate dietary patterns were calculated. Mixed linear regression and generalised linear mixed regression were conducted to evaluate the associations between LCD scores and maternal glucose metabolism. Of the 1018 subjects, 194 (19.1 %) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The overall LCD score (β: 0.024, se 0.008, P FDR = 0.02) and animal LCD score (β: 0.023, se 0.008, P FDR = 0.02) were positively associated with OGTT 1-h glucose. No significant associations were found between the three different LCD scores with fasting plasma glucose, OGTT 2-h glucose, or insulin resistance, respectively. Compared with the lowest quartile, the crude OR of GDM for the highest quartile were 1.84 (95 % CI 1.14, 2.95) for overall LCD score (P for trend = 0.02) and 1.56 (95 % CI 1.00, 2.45) for animal LCD score (P for trend = 0.02). However, these associations became non-significant after adjustment for covariates. In conclusion, a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern with high animal protein and fat is associated with higher postprandial 1-h glucose levels in Chinese pregnant women.  © The Author(s), 2020. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
Probiotics-rich emulsion improves insulin signalling in Palmitate/Oleate-challenged human hepatocarcinoma cells through the modulation of Fetuin-A/TLR4-JNK-NF-κB pathway; Background: Fetuin-A, also known as α2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein (AHSG), is an abundant plasmatic serum protein synthesized predominantly in liver and adipose tissue. This glycoprotein is known to negatively regulate insulin signaling through the inhibition of insulin receptor (IR) autophosphorylation and tyrosine kinase activity, which participates in insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome development. Recent studies demonstrated that IR and associated metabolic disorders, are closely related to the gut microbiota and modulating it by probiotics could be effective in metabolic diseases management. Objective: In this present work we aimed to evaluate the effects of a probiotics-rich emulsion on reducing the IR induced by free fatty acids accumulation in human hepatocarcinoma cell line, and to elucidate the implicated molecular pathways, with a specific emphasis on the hepatokin Fetuin-A-related axis. Results: Here we showed, that probiotics improve HepG2 viability, protect against apoptosis under normal and IR conditions. Moreover, the emulsion was successful in attenuating oxidative stress as well as improving mitochondrial metabolism and dynamics. Interestingly, application of the probiotics to lipotoxic HepG2 cells resulted in significant reduction of Fetuin-A/TLR4/JNK/NF-κB pathway activation, which suggests a protective effect against inflammation, obesity as well as liver related insulin resistant. Conclusion: Overall, the presented data reports clearly on the potent potential of probiotics formulated in an emulsion vehicle to enhance metabolic functions of affected IR HepG2 cells, and suggest the possibility of using such preparations as insulin sensitizing therapy, playing at the same time protective role for the development of liver related insulin resistant. © 2021 The Authors
Molecular and pathobiological involvement of fetuin-A in the pathogenesis of NAFLD; The liver acts as a manufacturing unit for the production of fetuin-A, which is essential for various physiological characteristics. Scientific research has shown that a moderate upward push in fetuin-A serum levels is associated with a confirmed non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) diagnosis. Fetuin-A modulation is associated with a number of pathophysiological variables that cause liver problems, including insulin receptor signaling deficiencies, adipocyte dysfunction, hepatic inflammation, fibrosis, triacylglycerol production, macrophage invasion, and TLR4 activation. The focus of the present review is on the various molecular pathways, and genetic relevance of mRNA expression of fetuin-A which is correlated with progression of NAFLD. The other major area of exploration in the present review is based on the new targets for the modulation of fetuin-A, like calorie restriction and novel pharmacological agents, such as rosuvastatin, metformin, and pioglitazone which are successfully implicated in the management of various liver-related complications. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Formative research to develop diabetes self-management education and support (DSMES) program for adults with Type 1 Diabetes; Background and aim: There is a lack of data on effectiveness of diabetes self-management education and support (DSMES) programs for South Asian adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). This formative research was conducted to explore existing practices on the said subject and gather information for planning an intervention program. Methods and materials: We conducted in-depth semi-structured interviews with endocrinologists, dieticians, diabetes educators and adults with T1DM. The participants were selected from a mix of public and private health facilities. Thematic analysis using inductive and deductive approach was undertaken. The intervention was developed and refined using the principles of FUSED and COM-B models. Results: In total, 28 in-depth interviews were conducted, 18 with health care professionals and 10 with adult individuals with T1DM. The results demonstrated deficiencies in the implementation of a structured self-management program for diabetes owing to several patient and healthcare system-related factors. A detailed nutritional counseling was provided at all sites by a qualified dietitian, however, carbohydrate counting was not routinely practiced. The interviews of this formative research revolved around: (a) evaluation of the existing usual care and gaps in implementation of a structured DSMES program, and (b) development of themes that will help in formulation of an intervention package and its effective delivery to the participants. Conclusion: This research study comprehensively investigated the existing practices among diabetes-health care professionals caring for persons living with T1DM and rendered insights towards development of a scientific DSMES program. © 2021 Diabetes India
Efficacy and safety of aronia, red ginseng, shiitake mushroom, and nattokinase mixture on insulin resistance in prediabetic adults: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial; We determined whether oral consumption of Aronia, red ginseng, shiitake mushroom, and nattokinase mixture (3.4: 4.1: 2.4: 0.1 w/w; AGM) improved glucose metabolism and insulin resistance in prediabetic adults in a 12-week randomized, double-blinded clinical trial. Participants with fasting serum glucose concentrations of 100–140 mg/dL were recruited and randomly assigned to an AGM or placebo group. Participants of the AGM group (n = 40) were given an AGM granule containing 4 g of freeze-dried Aronia, red ginseng, shiitake mushroom, and nattokinase (3.4: 4.1: 2.4: 0.1 w/w) twice daily for 12 weeks, and the placebo group participants (n = 40) were provided with corn starch granules identical in appearance, weight, and flavor for 12 weeks. Serum glucose and insulin concentrations were measured during oral-glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) after administering 75 g of glucose in a fasted state. HOMA-IR, liver damage, and inflammation indices were determined, and safety parameters and adverse reactions were assessed. As determined by OGTT, serum glucose concentrations were not significantly different between the AGM and placebo groups after the intervention. However, changes in serum insulin concentrations in the fasted state and Homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index after the intervention were significantly lower in the AGM group than in the placebo group (−3.07 ± 7.06 vs. 0.05 ± 6.12, p = 0.043 for serum insulin; −0.85 ± 2.14 vs. 0.07 ± 1.92, p = 0.049 for HOMA-IR). Serum adiponectin concentrations were reduced by intervention in the placebo group but not in the AGM group. Changes in liver damage indexes, including serum activities of the γ-glutamyl transferase, alanine aminotransferase, and aspartate aminotransferase, were lower in the AGM group and significantly reduced in the AGM group more than in the placebo group (p < 0.05). Changes in serum high sensitive-C-reactive protein concentrations in AGM and placebo groups were significantly different (−0.12 ± 0.81 vs. 0.51 ± 1.95, p = 0.06). In conclusion, AGM possibly improves insulin sensitivity and β-cell function and reduces liver damage and inflammation in prediabetic adults. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The association between dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet and mediterranean diet with metabolic syndrome in a large sample of Iranian adults: YaHS and TAMYZ Studies; Dietary patterns are considered as a modifiable risk factor for metabolic syndrome (MetS). Therefore, the present study aimed to evaluate the association between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Mediterranean (MED) dietary patterns and MetS. This cross-sectional study was conducted on the data from recruitment phase of prospective studies on Iranian adults known as Yazd Health Study (YaHS) and Yazd Nutrition Study (TAMYZ). MetS was diagnosed among 2,221 adults based on the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. The participants' dietary intake was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire. According to the predefined methods, DASH and MED scores were calculated. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the relationship of DASH and MED dietary patterns with MetS. The prevalence of MetS was 28.8% in the present study. Women who were in the highest quintile of DASH in comparison with those who were in the first quintile tended to decrease the odds of MetS after adjusting for the potential confounders (OR: 0.50, CI: 0.27–0.95). There was a significant decreasing trend in the odds of MetS across increasing quintiles of the DASH in women (p-trend =.006). Also, the highest adherence to DASH reduced the odds of abdominal obesity (OR: 0.34, CI: 0.15–0.77) in women. Although adherence to MED dietary pattern had no significant relationship with MetS, moderate adherence to this dietary pattern could decrease the odds of fasting blood glucose levels (OR: 0.57, CI: 0.33–0.97) and abdominal obesity (OR: 0.42, CI: 0.20–0.87) in women. We found evidence indicating a significant protective association between DASH and METs and its component in women. Hence, more prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings in other populations. © 2021 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Association of PM2.5with Insulin Resistance Signaling Pathways on a Microfluidic Liver-Kidney Microphysiological System (LK-MPS) Device; Insulin resistance (IR) is a typical sign of metabolic dysregulation caused by fine particulate matter (PM2.5), but the underlying signaling has not been clearly determined. Herein, a microfluidic liver-kidney microphysiological system (LK-MPS) is presented to assess the signaling pathways of IR generated by PM2.5 at 200 μg/mL for 24 h. The LK-MPS device consisted of a biomimetic liver-kidney architecture and reconstructed two circulation paths: the liver metabolism-kidney excretion (LM-KE) and kidney excretion-liver metabolism (KE-LM), by which PM2.5 is feasibly distributed in the two organs. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) analysis revealed that PM2.5 can embed in the cytoplasm and nuclei, undergo transport by vesicles, and lead to the destruction of mitochondria. Further comprehensive immunofluorescence, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) and untargeted metabolomic analyses confirmed that PM2.5 disturbed the classic IRS-1/AKT signaling pathway (INSR, IRS-1, PI3K, AKT, GLUT2, GLUT4, and FOXO1 downregulated) and IR-related metabolic pathways: UDP-hexosamine (UDP-GlcNAc), gluconeogenesis (β-d-glucose 6-phosphate), and lipid biosynthesis (ceramide (Cer) and triacylglycerol (TG)) pathways, leading to the disorder of glucose levels. Collectively, these disorders aggravate hepatic and renal IR. Pearson's correlation coefficient test showed that elemental carbon (EC), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and metals (Ca, Co, and V) were negatively correlated to the dysregulated proteins (INSR, IRS-1, AKT, FOXO1, GLUT2, and GLUT4). These findings may partially explain IR-related signaling pathways triggered by PM2.5.  © 2021 American Chemical Society.
Liver Fat Reduction After Gastric Banding and Associations with Changes in Insulin Sensitivity and β-Cell Function; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between changes in liver fat and changes in insulin sensitivity and β-cell function 2 years after gastric banding surgery. Methods: Data included 23 adults with the surgery who had prediabetes or type 2 diabetes for less than 1 year and BMI 30 to 40 kg/m2 at baseline. Body adiposity measures including liver fat content (LFC), insulin sensitivity (M/I), and β-cell responses (acute, steady-state, and arginine-stimulated maximum C-peptide) were assessed at baseline and 2 years after surgery. Regression models were used to assess associations adjusted for age and sex. Results: Two years after surgery, all measures of body adiposity, LFC, fasting and 2-hour glucose, and hemoglobin A1c significantly decreased; M/I significantly increased; and β-cell responses adjusted for M/I did not change significantly. Among adiposity measures, reduction in LFC had the strongest association with M/I increase (r = −0.61, P = 0.003). Among β-cell measures, change in LFC was associated with change in acute C-peptide response to arginine at maximal glycemic potentiation adjusted for M/I (r = 0.66, P = 0.007). Significant reductions in glycemic measures and increase in M/I were observed in individuals with LFC loss >2.5%. Conclusions: Reduction in LFC after gastric banding surgery appears to be an important factor associated with long-term improvements in insulin sensitivity and glycemic profiles in adults with obesity and prediabetes or early type 2 diabetes. © 2021 The Obesity Society
Saskatoon berry powder reduces hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in high fat-high sucrose diet-induced obese mice; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is a common metabolic disorder associated with insulin resistance and lacks a specific treatment. Our previous studies demonstrated that freeze-dried Saskatoon berry powder (SBp) reduced high fat-high sucrose (HFHS) diet-induced hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in mice. The present study examined the effect of SBp and one of its active components, cyanidin-3-glucoside (C3G), on hepatic steatosis in mice fed with HFHS diet for 10 weeks. HFHS diet significantly increased fasting plasma glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin resistance, inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor-α, monocyte chemotactic protein-1, plasminogen activator inbitor-1), alanine aminotransferase activity, and monocyte adhesion compared to control diet. In the liver, HFHS diet increased steatosis, lipid accumulation, collagen deposition, and the abundance of patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing 3, CCAAT-enhancer-binding protein homologous protein, toll-like receptor-4, and macrophage marker. Supplementation with SBp (5%) or C3G in an amount corresponding to that in 5% SBp to HFHS diet had similar effects to reduced fasting plasma glucose, liver steatosis, enzyme activity, lipid, collagen and macrophage deposition, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, insulin resistance, monocyte adhesion, markers related to liver steatosis, inflammation, oxidative or endoplasmic reticulum stress in the peripheral circulation and/or liver compared to mice fed with HFHS diet alone. No significant difference in the studied variables was detected between mice treated with HFHS+SBp and C3G diet. The results suggest that SBp or C3G administration attenuates HFHS diet-induced liver steatosis in addition to insulin resistance and chronic inflammation in mice. C3G may contribute to the beneficial effects of SBp. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Diosmetin ameliorate type 2 diabetic mellitus by up-regulating Corynebacterium glutamicum to regulate IRS/PI3K/AKT-mediated glucose metabolism disorder in KK-Ay mice; Background and purpose: Diosmetin (Dios), a flavonoid compound with multiple pharmacological activities. However, fewer studies have reported its effects on type 2 diabetic mellitus (T2DM). Here, we address the effect of Dios on glucose metabolism and gut microbiota in KK-Ay diabetic mice. Method: Wild type C57BL/6 J mice or diabetic KK-Ay mice were treated with vehicle or Dios for one month. The ELISA kit and fluorescence microscope system were respectively employed to the evaluation of serum biochemical indicators and histopathological changes. Liver RNA-Seq and western blot were used to reveal the key signaling pathway. The effects of Dios on gut microbiota was investigated by the 16S rRNA gene sequencing, as well as the relationship between Dios and C. glu on glucose metabolism was explored with the C. glu transplantation. Results: Dios treatment significantly decreased blood glucose and increased serum insulin concentrations. RNA-Seq analysis found that the underlying action mechanism of Dios on T2DM was via modulating glucose metabolism, which was proved by up-regulating IRS/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway to promote glycogen synthesis and GLUT4 translocation. Besides, Dios treatment reshaped the unbalanced gut microbiota by suppressing the ratio of Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes and markedly increasing the richness of C. glu. Moreover, treatment with C. glu and Dios together could markedly ameliorate glucose metabolism by up-regulating IRS/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway to promote glycogen synthesis and GLUT4 translocation. Conclusions: Dios treatment remarkably ameliorated glucose metabolism in KK-Ay diabetic mice by the regulation of C. glu via IRS/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and reshaped the unbalanced gut microbiota. Our study provided evidence for the application of Dios to the treatment of T2DM. © 2021
Current trends in the therapeutic strategies for diabetes management; Diabetes mellitus is one of the fastest-growing non-communicable diseases. Diabetes mellitus is caused due by the destruction of pancreatic β-cell or due to insulin resistance and characterized by hyperglycemia. Diabetes imposes a very serious economic crisis as the diabetic drug market is growing very rapidly. Even after very path-breaking scientific discoveries, the availability of better healthcare infrastructure, and a rise in literacy rates, the diabetes burden is continuously spreading in various sections all over the world but more especially in low- and middle-income countries. The recent developments in scientific discoveries have given several new generations of antidiabetic medicines such as sulphonylurea, biguanides, thiazolidinedione, α-glucosidase inhibitors. All these drugs have proved a significant reduction in blood glucose level. There are some new classes of hypoglycaemic drugs that have also been developed and reported, such as GLP-1 analogous, DPP-IV inhibitors, amylin inhibitors, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors. There are some active molecules and bioactive substances that have been purified from herbs and plants, which add value to the war against diabetes. These phytoconstituents have overturned drug development and lead identification for drugs against diabetes. The review also focuses on some critical areas of diabetes with more focus on statin-based diabetes management approach and stem cell therapy based next generation antidiabetic therapy. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Implementation of evidence-based PCOS lifestyle management guidelines: Perceived barriers and facilitators by consumers using the Theoretical Domains Framework and COM-B Model; Background: The 2018 Evidence-Based Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Clinical Guidelines recommend lifestyle management as first-line treatment for PCOS, yet implementation of PCOS lifestyle programs into practice is not well understood. Objective: To complete systematic intervention mapping by identifying the facilitators and barriers to lifestyle management in women with PCOS using the theoretical domains framework (TDF) and the Capacity, Opportunity, Motivation and Behaviour model (COM-B). Patient involvement: Women (N = 20) in Australian with PCOS were interviewed. Methods: Telephone semi-structured interviews. Results: Nine themes mapped onto seven TDF domains and the COM-B. Capability: psychological co-morbidities, knowledge and awareness of lifestyle change and ability to identify and resolve barriers. Opportunity: presence of other medical conditions, access to practical resources and availability of social support. Motivation: outcomes expectancies of lifestyle behaviour, personal values, enjoyment and readiness to change and the impact of stress on lifestyle choices. Discussion: This is the first study to explore barriers and facilitators to lifestyle change from the perspectives of women with PCOS using the TDF and COM-B. Addressing these themes will facilitate patient-centred care and long-term behaviour change. Practical implications: May increase the efficacy and effectiveness of PCOS lifestyle programs and reduce the risk of PCOS-associated disease in this population. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Associations of the Polymorphisms in ADIPOQ with Circulating Levels of Adiponectin and Lipids: A Meta-Analysis; The relationships between the rs266729, rs1501299, and rs2241766 polymorphisms in adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) and circulating levels of adiponectin and lipids remain to be clarified. Databases including PubMed and Embase were searched for eligible studies. The random-effects model was used, and standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated to estimate the differences in circulating levels of adiponectin and lipids between the subjects with different genotypes. A total of 12 810, 17 319, and 21 361 subjects were identified in the analyses for the rs266729, rs1501299, and rs2241766 polymorphisms, respectively. G allele carriers of the rs266729 polymorphism had lower levels of adiponectin (SMD=-0.28, 95% CI=-0.43 to-0.12) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (SMD=-0.10, 95% CI=-0.17 to-0.02) than CC homozygotes; T allele carriers of the rs1501299 polymorphism had higher levels of adiponectin (SMD=0.21, 95% CI=0.05 to 0.36) and HDL-C (SMD=0.09, 95% CI=0.04 to 0.15) and lower levels of triglycerides (SMD=-0.06, 95% CI=-0.12 to-0.01) than GG homozygotes; G allele carriers of the rs2241766 polymorphism had lower levels of adiponectin (SMD=-0.18, 95% CI=-0.31 to-0.05) and HDL-C (SMD=-0.12, 95% CI=-0.20 to-0.04) than TT homozygotes. This meta-analysis suggests that the rs266729, rs1501299, and rs2241766 polymorphisms of ADIPOQ are significantly associated with circulating levels of adiponectin and lipids, which may partly explain the associations between these polymorphisms and coronary artery disease. © 2021 Cambridge University Press. All rights reserved.
Effects of astaxanthin in animal models of obesity-associated diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and aim: Obesity is a major risk factor for several diseases, including metabolic syndrome (MetS), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). The use of natural products, such as astaxanthin (ASX), a potent antioxidant compound produced by the freshwater green microalga Haematococcus pluvialis, has gained particular interest to reduce oxidative stress and inflammation, and to improve redox status, often associated with obesity. A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to comprehensively examine the effects of ASX in animal models of diet induced obesity-associated diseases in order to inform the design of future human clinical studies for ASX use as supplement or nutraceutical. Methods: Cinahl, Cochraine, MEDLINE, Scopus and Web of Science were searched for English-language manuscripts published between January 2000 and April 2020 using the following key words: astaxanthin, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, diabetes mellitus type 2, NAFLD and metabolic. Results: Seventeen eligible articles, corresponding to 21 animal studies, were included in the final quantitative analysis. ASX, at different concentrations and administered for different length of time, induced a significant reduction in adipose tissue weight (P = 0.05) and systolic blood pressure (P < 0.0001) in control animals. In animal models of T2D, ASX significantly reduced serum glucose levels (P = 0.04); whereas it improved several disease biomarkers in the blood (e.g. cholesterol, triglycerides, ALT and AST, P < 0.10), and reduced liver (P = 0.0002) and body weight (P = 0.11), in animal models of NAFLD. Conclusions: Supplementation of ASX in the diet has positive effects on symptoms associated with obesity related diseases in animals, by having lipid-lowering, hypo-insulin and hypoglycaemic capacity, protecting organs from oxidative stress and mitigating the immune system, as suggested in this review. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
From the distinctive smell to therapeutic effects: Garlic for cardiovascular, hepatic, gut, diabetes and chronic kidney disease; Garlic, a member of the Allium family, widely used in cooking for many centuries, displays well described antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, as a result of its constituent organosulfur compounds, such as alliin, allicin, ajoene S-allyl-cysteine, diallyl sulfide and diallyl disulfide, among others. Although garlic has demonstrated beneficial effects in cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer, its efficacy as a therapeutic intervention in chronic kidney disease remains to be proven. This review thus focuses on the potential benefits of garlic as a treatment option in chronic kidney disease. and its ability to mitigate associated cardiovascular complications and gut dysbiosis. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
New Peptides as Potential Players in the Crosstalk Between the Brain and Obesity, Metabolic and Cardiovascular Diseases; According to the World Health Organization report published in 2016, 650 million people worldwide suffer from obesity, almost three times more than in 1975. Obesity is defined as excessive fat accumulation which may impair health with non-communicable diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (hypertension, coronary artery disease, stroke), and some cancers. Despite medical advances, cardiovascular complications are still the leading causes of death arising from obesity. Excessive fat accumulation is caused by the imbalance between energy intake and expenditure. The pathogenesis of this process is complex and not fully understood, but current research is focused on the role of the complex crosstalk between the central nervous system (CNS), neuroendocrine and immune system including the autonomic nervous system, adipose tissue, digestive and cardiovascular systems. Additionally, special attention has been paid to newly discovered substances: neuropeptide 26RFa, preptin, and adropin. It was shown that the above peptides are synthesized both in numerous structures of the CNS and in many peripheral organs and tissues, such as the heart, adipose tissue, and the gastrointestinal tract. Recently, particular attention has been paid to the role of the presented peptides in the pathogenesis of obesity, metabolic and cardiovascular system diseases. This review summarizes the role of newly investigated peptides in the crosstalk between brain and peripheral organs in the pathogenesis of obesity, metabolic, and cardiovascular diseases. © Copyright © 2021 Czerwińska, Czarzasta and Cudnoch-Jędrzejewska.
DEVELOPMENTAL ORIGINS OF METABOLIC DISEASES; Almost 2 billion adults in the world are overweight, and more than half of them are classified as obese, while nearly one-third of children globally experience poor growth and development. Given the vast amount of knowledge that has been gleaned from decades of research on growth and development, a number of questions remain as to why the world is now in the midst of a global epidemic of obesity accompanied by the “double burden of malnutrition,” where overweight coexists with underweight and micronutrient deficiencies. This challenge to the human condition can be attributed to nutritional and environmental exposures during pregnancy that may program a fetus to have a higher risk of chronic diseases in adulthood. To explore this concept, frequently called the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD), this review considers a host of factors and physiological mechanisms that drive a fetus or child toward a higher risk of obesity, fatty liver disease, hypertension, and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D). To that end, this review explores the epidemiology of DOHaD with discussions focused on adaptations to human energetics, placental development, dysmetabolism, and key environmental exposures that act to promote chronic diseases in adulthood. These areas are complementary and additive in understanding how providing the best conditions for optimal growth can create the best possible conditions for lifelong health. Moreover, understanding both physiological as well as epigenetic and molecular mechanisms for DOHaD is vital to most fully address the global issues of obesity and other chronic diseases. © 2021 the American Physiological Society.
The carbohydrate threshold in pregnancy and gestational diabetes: How low can we go?; The original nutrition approach for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was to reduce total carbohydrate intake to 33–40% of total energy (EI) to decrease fetal overgrowth. Conversely, accumulating evidence suggests that higher carbohydrate intakes (60–70% EI, higher quality carbohydrates with low glycemic index/low added sugars) can control maternal glycemia. The Institute of Medicine (IOM) recommends ≥175 g/d of carbohydrate intake during pregnancy; however, many women are consuming lower carbohydrate (LC) diets (<175 g/d of carbohydrate or <40% of EI) within pregnancy and the periconceptual period aiming to improve glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes. This report systematically evaluates recent data (2018–2020) to identify the LC threshold in pregnancy in relation to safety considerations. Evidence from 11 reports suggests an optimal carbohydrate range of 47–70% EI supports normal fetal growth; higher than the conventionally recognized LC threshold. However, inadequate total maternal EI, which independently slows fetal growth was a frequent confounder across studies. Effects of a carbohydrate intake <175 g/d on maternal ketonemia and plasma triglyceride/free fatty acid concentrations remain unclear. A recent randomized controlled trial (RCT) suggests a higher risk for micronutrient deficiency with carbohydrate intake ≤165 g/d in GDM. Well-controlled prospective RCTs comparing LC (<165 g/d) and higher carbohydrate energy-balanced diets in pregnant women are clearly overdue. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Melatonin, its metabolites and their interference with reactive nitrogen compounds; Melatonin and several of its metabolites are interfering with reactive nitrogen. With the notion of prevailing melatonin formation in tissues that exceeds by far the quantities in blood, metabolites come into focus that are poorly found in the circulation. Apart from their antioxidant actions, both melatonin and N1‐acetyl‐5‐methoxykynuramine (AMK) downregulate inducible and inhibit neuronal NO synthases, and additionally scavenge NO. However, the NO adduct of mela-tonin redonates NO, whereas AMK forms with NO a stable product. Many other melatonin metabolites formed in oxidative processes also contain nitrosylatable sites. Moreover, AMK readily scavenges products of the CO2‐adduct of peroxynitrite such as carbonate radicals and NO2. Protein AMKylation seems to be involved in protective actions. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Perfluorooctane sulfonate alternatives and metabolic syndrome in adults: New evidence from the Isomers of C8 Health Project in China; Chlorinated polyfluoroalkyl ether sulfonates (Cl-PFESAs), are ubiquitous alternatives to perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), a widely used poly- and perfluoroalkyl substance (PFAS). Despite in vivo and in vitro evidence of metabolic toxicity, no study has explored associations of Cl-PFESAs concentrations with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in a human population. To help address this data gap, we quantified 32 PFAS, including 2 PFOS alternative Cl-PFESAs (6:2 and 8:2 Cl-PFESAs) in serum from 1228 adults participating in the cross-sectional Isomers of C8 Health Project in China study. The odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of MetS and its various components were estimated using individual PFAS as a continuous or categorical predictor in multivariate regression models. The association between the overall mixture of PFAS and MetS was examined using probit Bayesian Kernel Machine Regression (BKMR-P). Greater serum PFAS concentrations were associated with higher odds of MetS and demonstrated a statistically significant dose-response trend (P for trend < 0.001). For example, each ln-unit (ng/mL) increase in serum 6:2 Cl-PFESA was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS (OR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25, 1.85). MetS was also 2.26 (95% CI: 1.59, 3.23) times more common in the highest quartile of serum 6:2 Cl-PFESA concentration than the lowest, and particularly high among women (OR = 6.41, 95% CI: 3.65, 11.24). The BKMR-P analysis showed a positive association between the overall mixture of measured PFAS and the odds of MetS, but was only limited to women. While our results suggest that exposure to Cl-PFESAs was associated with MetS, additional longitudinal studies are needed to more definitively address the potential health concerns of these PFOS alternatives. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Sphingolipids in HDL – Potential markers for adaptation to pregnancy?; Plasma high density lipoprotein (HDL) exhibits many functions that render it an effective endothelial protective agent and may underlie its potential role in protecting the maternal vascular endothelium during pregnancy. In non-pregnant individuals, the HDL lipidome is altered in metabolic disease compared to healthy individuals and is linked to reduced cholesterol efflux, an effect that can be reversed by lifestyle management. Specific sphingolipids such as sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) have been shown to mediate the vaso-dilatory effects of plasma HDL via interaction with the endothelial nitric oxide synthase pathway. This review describes the relationship between plasma HDL and vascular function during healthy pregnancy and details how this is lost in pre-eclampsia, a disorder of pregnancy associated with widespread endothelial dysfunction. Evidence of a role for HDL sphingolipids, in particular S1P and ceramide, in cardiovascular disease and in healthy pregnancy and pre-eclampsia is discussed. Available data suggest that HDL-S1P and HDL-ceramide can mediate vascular protection in healthy pregnancy but not in preeclampsia. HDL sphingolipids thus are of potential importance in the healthy maternal adaptation to pregnancy. © 2021 The Author(s)
Micronutrients impact the gut microbiota and blood glucose; Micronutrients influence hormone action and host metabolism. Dietary minerals, trace elements, and vitamins can alter blood glucose and cellular glucose metabolism, and several micronutrients are associated with the risk and progression of type 2 diabetes. Dietary components, microbes, and host immune, endocrine, and metabolic responses all interact in the intestine. There has been a focus on macronutrients modifying the host-microbe relationship in metabolic disease. Micronutrients are positioned to alter host-microbe symbiosis that participates in host endocrine control of glucose metabolism. Minerals and trace elements can alter the composition of the intestinal microbiota, gut barrier function, compartmentalized metabolic inflammation, cellular glucose transport, and endocrine control of glucose metabolism, including insulin and thyroid hormones. Dietary vitamins also influence the composition of the intestinal microbiota and vitamins can be biotransformed by gut microbes. Host-microbe regulation of vitamins can alter immunity, lipid and glucose metabolism, and cell fate and function of pancreatic beta cells. Causal effects of micronutrients in host-microbe metabolism are still emerging, and the mechanisms linking dietary excess or deficiency of specific micronutrients to changes in gut microbes directly linked to metabolic disease risk are not yet clear. Dietary fiber, fat, protein, and carbohydrates are key dietary factors that impact how microbes participate in host glucose metabolism. It is possible that micronutrient and microbiota-derived factors also participate in host-microbe responses that tip the balance in the endocrine control of host glucose metabolism. Dietary micronutrients should be considered, tested, and controlled in pre-clinical and clinical studies investigating host-microbe factors in metabolic diseases. © 2021 Society for Endocrinology Published by Bioscientifica Ltd. Printed in Great Britain
The hypoglycemic effect of freeze-dried fermented mulberry mixed with soybean on type 2 diabetes mellitus; Mulberry has significant hypoglycemic effect and can be used as an auxiliary food for people with type 2 diabetes. However, it is rich in carbohydrate and cannot be consumed directly by diabetic patients. In the study, we fermented the mulberry to reduce the content of glucose and fructose, and added the soybean to reduce the loss of probiotics during fermentation and then determined its hypoglycemic effect. We induced type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) mice by streptozotocin and measured its blood glucose, serum biochemistry, hepatic and pancreatic histopathology, and the diversity of the gut microbiota. After 5 weeks of oral DFMS administration, the glucose tolerance was improved significantly in T2DM mice. Furthermore, there were also significant increases in superoxide dismutase activity and glutathione concentration, and marked reductions in the concentrations of malondialdehyde and free fatty acids. Moreover, DFMS also prevented histopathological changes and the increases in the activities of alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase. DFMS treatment also markedly increased the richness of the gut microbial community. The abundance of Bacteroidetes was increased, and those of Proteobacteria, Escherichia-Shigella, and Lactobacillus were reduced. In summary, DFMS has a clear hypoglycemic effect in mice with T2DM. © 2021 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC
The impact of high intensity interval training on liver fat content in overweight or obese adults: A meta-analysis; Liver fat is a marker of the metabolic derangements associated with obesity for which exercise training is a potential therapy. We therefore performed a systematic meta-analysis to investigate the effect of high intensity interval training (HIIT) on liver fat content in overweight or obese adults with metabolic disorders. PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science and the Cochrane were searched up to October 2020 for HIIT vs. Control (CON) or HIIT vs. moderate intensity interval training (MICT) studies on liver fat content in overweight and obese individuals with metabolic disorders. Standardized mean differences (SMD) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. Ten studies involving 333 participants were included in the meta-analysis. Based on studies that directly compared HIIT and CON (6 studies), HIIT was beneficial for promoting a reduction in liver fat [-0.51 (95% CI: -0.85 to -0.17), p = 0.003]. However, there were no significant evidence for an effect of HIIT on liver fat [-0.07 (95% CI: -0.33 to 0.19), p = 0.59], when compared with MICT (7 studies). These results suggest that a HIIT could induce improvements in liver fat of overweight and obese adults with metabolic disorders despite no weight loss. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Untargeted Metabolomic Profiling of Liver in a Chronic Intermittent Hypoxia Mouse Model; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) has been demonstrated to be associated with liver injury. Nevertheless, the mechanisms linking the two disorders remain largely unexplored to date. Based on UHPLC/Q-TOF MS platform, the present study aimed to study the hepatic metabolomic profiling in a chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH) mouse model to identify altered metabolites and related metabolic pathways. C57BL/6 Mice (n = 12 each group) were exposed to intermittent hypoxia or control conditions (room air) for 12 weeks. At the end of the exposure, liver enzymes and histological changes were assessed. Untargeted metabolomics approach by UHPLC/Q-TOF MS and orthogonal partial least squares-discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA) were applied to screen altered metabolites in mice liver. Bioinformatics analyses were applied to identify the related metabolic pathways. CIH treatment caused a remarkable liver injury in mice. A total of 27 differential metabolites in negative ion mode and 44 in positive ion mode were identified between the two groups. These metabolites were correlated to multiple biological and metabolic processes, including various amino acid metabolism, membrane transport, lipid metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism, nucleotide metabolism, ferroptosis, etc. three differential metabolites including glutathione, glutathione disulfide, arachidonic acid (peroxide free) were identified in the ferroptosis pathway. CIH was associated with a significant metabolic profiling change in mice liver. The metabolites in amino acid metabolism, membrane transport, lipid metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism, nucleotide metabolism, and ferroptosis played an important role in CIH-induced liver injury. These findings contribute to a better understanding of the mechanisms linking OSA and liver injury and help identify potential therapeutic targets. © Copyright © 2021 Chen, Huang, Huang, Huang, Zhang and Lin.
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in U.S. Women; Aim: To investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. Methods: This is a population-based cross-sectional study based on data from the 2017–2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age ≥ 20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. Results: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7–13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI, a higher prevalence of T2D and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p = 0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, γ-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48–5.93, p < 0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, while previous GDM showed a neutral effect. Conclusions: Women with previous GDM that do not develop overt T2D might not experience a poor hepatic prognosis. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Similarities and Differences: A Comparative Review of the Molecular Mechanisms and Effectors of NAFLD and AFLD; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and alcoholic fatty liver disease (AFLD) are the most prevalent metabolic liver diseases globally. Due to the complex pathogenic mechanisms of NAFLD and AFLD, no specific drugs were approved at present. Lipid accumulation, oxidative stress, insulin resistance, inflammation, and dietary habits are all closely related to the pathogenesis of NAFLD and AFLD. However, the mechanism that promotes disease progression has not been fully elucidated. Meanwhile, the gut microbiota and their metabolites also play an important role in the pathogenesis and development of NAFLD and AFLD. This article comparatively reviewed the shared and specific signaling pathways, clinical trials, and potential intervention effectors of NAFLD and AFLD, revealing their similarities and differences. By comparing the shared and specific molecular regulatory mechanisms, this paper provides mutual reference strategies for preventing and treating NAFLD, AFLD, and related metabolic diseases. Furthermore, it provides enlightenment for discovering novel therapies of safe and effective drugs targeting the metabolic liver disease. © Copyright © 2021 Zhang, Wang, Mao, Gao, Shi, Li, Calderone, Sui, Tian and Meng.
Contribution of diet and other factors for urinary concentrations of total arsenic and arsenic species: data for US children, adolescents, and adults; A comprehensive analysis of the associations between the consumptions of 17 food products with urinary concentrations of arsenobetaine, total arsenic, arsenous acid, dimethylarsinic acid (UDMA), monomethylarsonic acid (UMMA), and total inorganic arsenic for US children aged 3–5 years (N = 439), children aged 6–11 years (N = 2139), adolescents aged 12–19 years (N = 2434), and adults aged >= 20 years (N = 10902) was conducted. Data from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey for 2005–2016 were used for this study. Concentrations of arsenobetaine were as much as > 15 times higher among consumers of fish/shellfish than non-consumers for children aged 6–11 years, > 12 times higher for children aged 3–5 years, > 13 times higher for adolescents, and > 7 times higher for adults. Consumption of rice as opposed to non-consumption of rice was associated with as much as 36.5% higher concentrations of total arsenic, 12.7% higher concentrations of arsenous acid, 43.9% higher concentrations of UDMA, 18.2% higher concentrations of UMMA, and 14.1% higher concentrations of total inorganic arsenic. Thus, consumption of fish/shell fish and rice was associated with higher concentrations of organic/inorganic arsenic. In addition, consumption of alcohol was also found to be associated with higher concentrations of organic/inorganic arsenic. However, consumption of milk and milk products, vegetables, organ and other meats, and nutritional drinks was found to be associated with lower concentrations of organic/inorganic arsenic. Thus, while consumption of several foods is associated with higher concentrations of arsenic, there are also foods whose consumption is associated with decreased concentrations of arsenic. Further studies are needed to identify foods that may lead to decreased concentrations of arsenic and as such arsenic toxicity. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Helicobacter pylori infection-induced changes in the intestinal microbiota of 14-year-old or 15-year-old Japanese adolescents: A cross-sectional study; Objective The relationship between Helicobacter pylori and the intestinal microbiota has not yet been clearly demonstrated in children and adolescents. The present study aimed at evaluating how H. pylori infection could affect the intestinal microbiota in adolescents using genetic analysis. Design Cross-sectional study. Setting and participants We included subjects from a longitudinal project involving H. pylori screening and treatment of junior high school third-grade students (aged 14 or 15 years) in Saga Prefecture. The study included a control group (n=79) and an H. pylori group (n=80) tested negative and positive for the anti-H. pylori antibody in the urine and H. pylori antigen in stool specimens, respectively. Interventions The intestinal microbiota was evaluated in stool specimens using 16S rRNA gene/DNA/amplicon sequencing with next-generation sequencing. Primary and secondary outcome measures We assessed alpha and beta diversity, just as well as relative abundances within the bacterial composition at the genus level in both groups. Results As shown by the alpha diversity of the 16S rRNA gene/DNA/amplicon sequence data, the control group exhibited lower microbial species richness with lower alpha diversity compared with the H. pylori group (p<0.001). The beta diversity of the intestinal microbiota profile also differed between the two groups (p<0.01). The relative abundance of the Prevotella genus was higher in the H. pylori group (p<0.01) concomitant with a gain in body mass index (BMI) in the H. pylori group (p<0.01) compared with the control group. Conclusion H. pylori infection significantly affected the intestinal microbiota in Japanese adolescents. In addition, the prevalence of the Prevotella genus is concomitantly increased along with the BMI in H. pylori-infected students. Trial registration number UMIN000028721. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Arginine vasopressin: Direct and indirect action on metabolism; From its identification and isolation in 1954, arginine vasopressin (AVP) has attracted attention, not only for its peripheral functions such as vasoconstriction and reabsorption of water from kidney, but also for its central effects. As there is now considerable evidence that AVP plays a crucial role in feeding behavior and energy balance, it has become a promising therapeutic target for treating obesity or other obesity-related metabolic disorders. However, the underlying mechanisms for AVP regulation of these central processes still remain largely unknown. In this review, we will provide a brief overview of the current knowledge concerning how AVP controls energy balance and feeding behavior, focusing on physiological aspects including the relationship between AVP, circadian rhythmicity, and glucocorticoids. © 2021
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms associated with diabetes mellitus: A descriptive review; Diabetes is currently a growing concern of the age. Prevention and treatment of diabetes is a global health priority. Adiponectin is an adipocyte derived protein hormone that enhances insulin sensitivity and ameliorates diabetes by enhancing fatty acid oxidation and glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and reducing glucose production in the liver. Low serum adiponectin concentrations are associated with diabetes, central obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Adiponectin gene is located on chromosome 3q27, where a locus of susceptibility to diabetes was mapped. Several cross-sectional studies showed that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) were associated with diabetes. SNPs in ADIPOQ help in assessing the association of common variants with levels of adiponectin and the risk of diabetes. Two common SNPs, rs2241766 and rs1501299, have been linked significantly to type 1 diabetes mellitus which endow the world with a block of haplotypes. Experimental evidences also suggest that rs1501299, rs2241766, rs266729, rs17366743, rs17300539, rs182052, rs822396, rs17846866, rs3774261 and rs822393 are significantly associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus which is the predominant form of the disease. In addition, rs2241766 and rs266729 are extensively associated with gestational diabetes, a condition that develops in women during pregnancy. Therefore not a particular single mutation but a number of SNPs in adiponectin gene could be a risk factor for developing diabetes among the individuals worldwide. This study firmly suggests that adiponectin plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2021 The Author(s)
Guidelines on standard and therapeutic diets for adults in hospitals by the french association of nutritionist dieticians (AFDN) and the french speaking society of clinical nutrition and metabolism (SFNCM); Aim: Hospital food provision is subject to multiple constraints (meal production, organi-zation, health safety, environmental respect) which influence the meal tray offered to the patient. Multiple diets can add complexity and contribute to non-consumption of the meal. To avoid under-nutrition, it appeared necessary to propose guidelines for foods and diets in hospitals. Methods: These guidelines were developed using the Delphi method, as recommended by the HAS (French Health Authority), based on a formal consensus of experts and led by a group of practitioners and dieticians from the AFDN (French Association of Nutritionist Dieticians) and SFNCM (French Society of Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism). Results: Twenty-three recommendations were deemed appropriate and validated by a panel of 50 national experts, following three rounds of consultations, modifications and final strong agreement. These recommendations aim to define in adults: 1—har-monized vocabulary related to food and diets in hospitals; 2—quantitative and qualitative food propositions; 3—nutritional prescriptions; 4—diet patterns and patient adaptations; 5—streamlin-ing of restrictions to reduce unnecessary diets and without scientific evidence; 6—emphasizing the place of an enriched and adapted diet for at-risk and malnourished patients. Conclusion: These guidelines will enable catering services and health-care teams to rationalize hospital food and therapeutic food prescriptions in order to focus on individual needs and tasty foods. All efforts should be made to create meals that follow these recommendations while promoting the taste quality of the dishes and their presentation such that the patient rediscovers the pleasure of eating in the hospital. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of a TSPO ligand on retinal pigment epithelial cholesterol homeostasis in high-fat fed mice, implication for age-related macular degeneration; Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD) is a major cause of sight impairment in the elderly with complex aetiology involving genetics and environment and with limited therapeutic options which have limited efficacy. We have previously shown in a mouse-model of the condition, induced by feeding a high fat diet, that adverse effects of the diet can be reversed by co-administration of the TSPO activator, etifoxine. We extend those observations showing improvements in retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells with decreased lipids and enhanced expression of cholesterol metabolism and transport enzymes. Further, etifoxine decreased levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in RPE and inflammatory cytokines in RPE and serum. With respect to gut microbiome, we found that organisms abundant in the high fat condition (e.g. in the genus Anaerotruncus and Oscillospira) and implicated in AMD, were much less abundant after etifoxine treatment. The changes in gut flora were associated with the predicted production of metabolites of benefit to the retina including tryptophan and other amino acids and taurine, an essential component of the retina necessary to counteract ROS. These novel observations strengthen earlier conclusions that the mechanisms behind improvements in etifoxine-induced retinal physiology involve an interaction between effects on the host and the gut microbiome. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of Gut Microbiota on Energy Imbalance in Perinatal Sows and Its Mechanism; The perinatal period of sows is usually defined as ten days before or after delivery, and it is a very specific and critical high⁃risk period in the reproductive cycle of sows. The perinatal sows are prone to oxidative stress due to drastic changes in physiological metabolism and nutritional needs, which causes gut microbiota disorders in sows and even further can lead to energy imbalance. The characteristic changes of gut microbiota may be an important exogenous factor that exacerbates energy metabolism disorder in sows, which makes the gut microbiota is an important target for regulating energy balance in the perinatal period. In this review, we summarized the literature on physiological changes, changes of dietary structure characteristics and gut microbi⁃ ota characteristics of the perinatal period, which tried to explore the possible causes of energy metabolism disor⁃ ders in perinatal sows and intended to provide a background reference for the regulation of energy balance in producing sows and related studies. © 2021 Chinese Journal of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine Co., Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Exosomal miR-486-5p derived from human placental microvascular endothelial cells regulates proliferation and invasion of trophoblasts via targeting IGF1; Preeclampsia (PE) is a serious complication of pregnancy. Exosomes are known to be upregulated in PE. In this study, we sought to investigate the effect of miR-486-5p from human placental microvascular endothelial cells, on the function of trophoblast cells. To investigate the function of human placental microvascular endothelial cell (HPVEC)-derived exosomes on trophoblast cells, HPVECs were treated with hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R). The separation efficiency of exosomes was determined by transmission electron microscopy, nanosight and Western blot. Cell Counting Kit-8, EdU staining, wound-healing, and transwell assay were performed to detect the effect of exosomally transferred miR-486-5p inhibitor on proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblast cells. MiRDB and dual-luciferase report assay were used to find the target of miR-486-5p. Our data revealed that miR-486-5p was significantly upregulated in H/R-treated HPVEC-Exo, and miR-486-5p was enriched in HPVEC-Exo. miR-486-5p inhibitor carried by HPVEC-Exo significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblast cells. Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) was found to be the target of miR-486-5p, and IGF1 overexpression notably reversed the effect of miR-486-5p inhibitor from HPVEC-Exo on trophoblast cell function. In summary, H/R-treated HPVEC-derived exosomally expressing miR-486-5p inhibitor significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblast cells via downregulation of IGF1. The findings from the present study may be useful in the development of treatments for PE. © 2021, The Author(s).
Virus-associated organosulfur metabolism in human and environmental systems; Viruses influence the fate of nutrients and human health by killing microorganisms and altering metabolic processes. Organosulfur metabolism and biologically derived hydrogen sulfide play dynamic roles in manifestation of diseases, infrastructure degradation, and essential biological processes. Although microbial organosulfur metabolism is well studied, the role of viruses in organosulfur metabolism is unknown. Here, we report the discovery of 39 gene families involved in organosulfur metabolism encoded by 3,749 viruses from diverse ecosystems, including human microbiomes. The viruses infect organisms from all three domains of life. Six gene families encode for enzymes that degrade organosulfur compounds into sulfide, whereas others manipulate organosulfur compounds and may influence sulfide production. We show that viral metabolic genes encode key enzymatic domains, are translated into protein, and are maintained after recombination, and sulfide provides a fitness advantage to viruses. Our results reveal viruses as drivers of organosulfur metabolism with important implications for human and environmental health. © 2021 The Author(s)
Secondary data analysis investigating effects of marine omega-3 fatty acids on circulating levels of leptin and adiponectin in older adults; Background: Higher leptin and lower adiponectin levels have been linked to progressing systemic inflammation and diseases of aging. Among older adults with obesity and an inflammatory conditions, we quantified effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation on leptin, adiponectin, and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio (LAR). We also examined associations among adipokine and cytokine levels. Methods: Using a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, participants (mean age 61.3 ± 2.1) received 1.5 g EPA + 1.0 g DHA (n = 14) or mineral oil (n = 18) daily. Plasma adipokine and cytokine levels were quantified by electrochemiluminescence at all study intervals. Results: While no between-group differences were detected, there was a reduction in the LAR (by 23%, p=.065) between weeks 4 and 8 among the EPA+DHA group. Adiponectin levels were negatively associated with IL-1β levels at week 4 (p=.02) and TNF-α levels at week 8 (p=.03). Conclusion: Potential benefits of EPA+DHA supplementation among aging populations warrant further study. © 2021 The Authors
Multi-Omics Analysis Reveals Disturbance of Nanosecond Pulsed Electric Field in the Serum Metabolic Spectrum and Gut Microbiota; Nanosecond pulsed electric field (nsPEF) is a novel ablation technique that is based on high-intensity electric voltage to achieve tumour-killing effect in the target region, and increasingly considered for treating tumours of the liver, kidneys and other organs with rich blood supply. This study aims to observe effect of nsPFE treatment on serum metabolites and gut microbiota. The serum and faecal specimens of the pigs were collected pre- and post-treatment. The gut microbiota of pigs was sequenced by Illumina Miseq platform for analysing the diversity and alterations of gut microbiota. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS)-based metabonomic analysis and Pearson coefficient method were also used to construct the interaction system of different metabolites, metabolic pathways and flora. A total of 1,477 differential metabolites from the serum were identified by four cross-comparisons of different post-operative groups with the control group. In addition, an average of 636 OTUs per sample was detected. Correlation analysis also revealed the strong correlation between intestinal bacteria and differential metabolites. The nsPEF ablation of the liver results in a degree of liver damage that affects various metabolic pathways, mainly lipid metabolism, as well as gut microbiota. In conclusion, our study provided a good point for the safety and feasibility of applying nsPEF on liver through the integrated analysis of metabolomics and microbiomes, which is beneficial for the improvement of nsPEF in clinical use. © Copyright © 2021 Dong, Lu, Wang, Huang, Chen, Ren, Hong, Wang, Yang, Xie and Zhang.
Changes in the proteome profile of people achieving remission of type 2 diabetes after bariatric surgery; Bariatric surgery (BS) results in metabolic pathway recalibration. We have identified potential biomarkers in plasma of people achieving type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remission after BS. Longitudinal analysis was performed on plasma from 10 individuals following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (n = 7) or sleeve gastrectomy (n = 3). Sequential window acquisition of all theoretical fragment ion spectra mass spectrometry (SWATH-MS) was done on samples taken at 4 months before (baseline) and 6 and 12 months after BS. Four hundred sixty-seven proteins were quantified by SWATH-MS. Principal component analysis resolved samples from distinct time points after selection of key discriminatory proteins: 25 proteins were differentially expressed between baseline and 6 months post-surgery; 39 proteins between baseline and 12 months. Eight proteins (SHBG, TF, PRG4, APOA4, LRG1, HSPA4, EPHX2 and PGLYRP) were significantly different to baseline at both 6 and 12 months post-surgery. The panel of proteins identified as consistently different included peptides related to insulin sensitivity (SHBG increase), systemic inflammation (TF and HSPA4— both decreased) and lipid metabolism (APOA4 decreased). We found significant changes in the proteome for eight proteins at 6- and 12-months post-BS, and several of these are key components in metabolic and inflammatory pathways. These may represent potential biomarkers of remission of T2DM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Higher Serum Bilirubin Levels in Response to Higher Carbohydrate Intake During Early Pregnancy and Lower Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Occurrence in Overweight and Obese Gravidae; Background and Aim: Serum bilirubin levels are recently shown to be a novel protector of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), yet whether they could be affected by carbohydrate quality is unclear. We aimed to examine the associations between dietary carbohydrate parameters and serum bilirubin levels during early pregnancy, with further exploration on a potential mediating role of serum bilirubin levels on carbohydrate parameters-GDM pathways. Methods: 260 healthy but overweight or obese gravidae (BMI ≥24 kg/m2) derived from a historical cohort in two hospitals in China were included. The associations between carbohydrate parameters (total carbohydrate intake, glycemic index GI, fiber intake, glycemic load GL) and serum bilirubin levels (total bilirubin, TB and direct bilirubin, DB) and GDM were evaluated by multivariable regression analysis. Generalized structural equation modeling was then applied to perform adjusted mediation analysis. Results: Increased serum bilirubin levels (mmol/L) and decreased GDM occurrence were observed following dietary carbohydrate intake (%E) and GL (g/1,000 kcal) in highest tertile compared to the lowest tertile [carbohydrate: TB: β = 0.926 (95%CI: 0.069, 1.782), DB: β = 0.554 (95%CI: 0.192, 0.916);GL:TB: β = 1.170 (95%CI: 0.339, 2.001); DB: β = 0.369 (95%CI: 0.016, 0.700); carbohydrate: adjusted OR = 0.43 (95%CI:0.19–0.99); GL: adjusted OR = 0.36 (95%CI:0.16, 0.84)]. The mediating effect of carbohydrate intake and GL on GDM through bilirubin levels was evaluated as modest (carbohydrate: 6.2% for TB, 1.3% for DB; GL: 8.7% for TB, 2.3% for DB). No association was observed regarding GI and fiber. Conclusions: Mildly elevated serum bilirubin levels appeared to be in response to higher energies consumed from carbohydrate during early pregnancy in healthy overweight or obese gravidae. However, the mediating effect of bilirubin levels on carbohydrate-GDM pathways is not evident. Larger investigation is further needed for solid evidence. © Copyright © 2021 He, Wang, Zhang, Jiang, Chen, Wang, Dou, Chen and Yan.
CircRNA circ-ITCH improves renal inflammation and fibrosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice by regulating the miR-33a-5p/SIRT6 axis; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) seriously affects the people's life and health in China. This study aimed to investigate the effect of circRNA circ-ITCH on improving DN by regulating the miR-33a-5p/SIRT6 axis and the possible mechanism of action. High glucose (HG)-induced rat mesangial cells (RMCs) were used to simulate the DN in vitro. Reverse transcription-quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) and western blot analysis were conducted to detect the gene or protein expression. Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) and wound healing assays were performed to estimate the cell viability and migration capability. Immunofluorescence and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) were used to detect the α-Smooth Muscle Actin (α-SMA) expression and levels of inflammatory factors. The potential associations between circ-ITCH and miR-33a-5p, miR-33a-5p and SIRT6 in RMCs were measured via dual-luciferase reporter assay. Streptozotocin (STZ) was used to induce the diabetic mice. Blood glucose and serum insulin of mice were determined by corresponding kits, and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and serum creatinine (SCr) were measured using an automatic biochemical analyzer. Hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) staining and periodic acid-Schiff (PAS) staining were applied to observe the degree of pathological injury and fibrosis of renal tissues. The results of the present study revealed that circ-ITCH expression was obviously decreased in HG-induced RMCs. In addition, circ-ITCH overexpression inhibited the viability, migration, fibrosis and inflammatory response of HG-induced RMCs. Further experiments confirmed that miR-33a-5p may be a direct target of circ-ITCH and SIRT6 may be a direct target of miR-33a-5p. Notably, the miR-33a-5p mimic or shRNA-SIRT6 were discovered to reverse the inhibitory effects of circ-ITCH on the proliferation, migration, fibrosis and inflammatory response of HG-induced RMCs. Furthermore, circ-ITCH overexpression ameliorated renal inflammation and fibrosis in STZ-induced diabetic mice. In conclusion, circ-ITCH alleviated renal inflammation and fibrosis in STZ-induced diabetic mice by regulating the miR-33a-5p/SIRT6 axis.Author names: Please confirm if the author names are presented accurately and in the correct sequence (given name, middle name/initial, family name). Author 1 Given name: [ChunYang] Last name [Xu]. Author 2 Given name: [DingBo] Last name [Xu]. Author 3 Given name: [YongHua] Last name [Liu]. Author 4 Given name: [Juanjuan] Last name [Jiang]. Also, kindly confirm the details in the metadata are correct. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Lipid metabolism is dysregulated before, during and after pregnancy in a mouse model of gestational diabetes; The aim of the current study was to test the hypothesis that maternal lipid metabolism was modulated during normal pregnancy and that these modulations are altered in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We tested this hypothesis using an established mouse model of diet-induced obesity with pregnancy-associated loss of glucose tolerance and a novel lipid analysis tool, Lipid Traffic Analysis, that uses the temporal distribution of lipids to identify differences in the control of lipid metabolism through a time course. Our results suggest that the start of pregnancy is associated with several changes in lipid metabolism, including fewer variables associated with de novo lipogenesis and fewer PUFA-containing lipids in the circulation. Several of the changes in lipid metabolism in healthy pregnancies were less apparent or occurred later in dams who developed GDM. Some changes in maternal lipid metabolism in the obese-GDM group were so late as to only occur as the control dams’ systems began to switch back towards the non-pregnant state. These results demonstrate that lipid metabolism is modulated in healthy pregnancy and the timing of these changes is altered in GDM pregnancies. These findings raise important questions about how lipid metabolism contributes to changes in metabolism during healthy pregnancies. Furthermore, as alterations in the lipidome are present before the loss of glucose tolerance, they could contribute to the development of GDM mechanistically. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Role of long non-coding rnas and the molecular mechanisms involved in insulin resistance; Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are single-stranded RNA biomolecules with a length of >200 nt, and they are currently considered to be master regulators of many pathological pro-cesses. Recent publications have shown that lncRNAs play important roles in the pathogenesis and progression of insulin resistance (IR) and glucose homeostasis by regulating inflammatory and lipogenic processes. lncRNAs regulate gene expression by binding to other non-coding RNAs, mRNAs, proteins, and DNA. In recent years, several mechanisms have been reported to explain the key roles of lncRNAs in the development of IR, including metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1), imprinted maternal-ly expressed transcript (H19), maternally expressed gene 3 (MEG3), myocardial infarction-associated transcript (MIAT), and steroid receptor RNA activator (SRA), HOX transcript antisense RNA (HOTAIR), and downregulated Expression-Related Hexose/Glucose Transport Enhancer (DREH). LncRNAs participate in the regulation of lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, the inflammatory process, and oxidative stress through different pathways, such as cyclic adenosine monophosphate/protein kinase A (cAMP/PKA), phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT), polypyrimidine tract-binding protein 1/element-binding transcription factor 1c (PTBP1/SREBP-1c), AKT/nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), AKT/forkhead box O1 (FoxO1), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α)/c-Jun-N-terminal kinases (JNK). On the other hand, the mechanisms linked to the molecular, cellular, and biochemical actions of lncRNAs vary according to the tissue, biological species, and the severity of IR. Therefore, it is essential to elucidate the role of lncRNAs in the insulin signaling pathway and glucose and lipid metabolism. This review analyzes the function and molecular mechanisms of lncRNAs involved in the development of IR. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mechanisms mediating the regulation of peroxisomal fatty acid beta-oxidation by pparα; In mammalian cells, two cellular organelles, mitochondria and peroxisomes, share the ability to degrade fatty acid chains. Although each organelle harbors its own fatty acid β-oxidation pathway, a distinct mitochondrial system feeds the oxidative phosphorylation pathway for ATP synthesis. At the same time, the peroxisomal β-oxidation pathway participates in cellular ther-mogenesis. A scientific milestone in 1965 helped discover the hepatomegaly effect in rat liver by clofibrate, subsequently identified as a peroxisome proliferator in rodents and an activator of the peroxisomal fatty acid β-oxidation pathway. These peroxisome proliferators were later identified as activating ligands of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor α (PPARα), cloned in 1990. The ligand-activated heterodimer PPARα/RXRα recognizes a DNA sequence, called PPRE (Peroxisome Proliferator Response Element), corresponding to two half-consensus hexanucleotide motifs, AGGTCA, separated by one nucleotide. Accordingly, the assembled complex containing PPRE/PPARα/RXRα/ligands/Coregulators controls the expression of the genes involved in liver peroxisomal fatty acid β-oxidation. This review mobilizes a considerable number of findings that discuss miscellaneous axes, covering the detailed expression pattern of PPARα in species and tis-sues, the lessons from several PPARα KO mouse models and the modulation of PPARα function by dietary micronutrients. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effect of dietary supplements on oxidative stress in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A network meta-analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exacerbates the oxidative stress status of the pregnant women. Τo improve the oxidative stress status, several therapeutic interventions have been suggested. The aim of this network meta-analysis is to assess the effect of different dietary supplements on the oxidative stress status in pregnant women with GDM. Methods: A network meta-analysis of randomized control trials was performed comparing the changes delta (Δ) in total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA) as primary outcomes, following different therapeutic interventions with dietary supplements in pregnant women with GDM. Four electronic databases and grey literature sources were searched. The secondary outcomes were other markers of oxidative stress. Results: The meta-analysis included 16 studies of 1173 women with GDM. Regarding ΔTAC: probiotics and omega-3 with vitamin E were superior to placebo/no intervention. Regarding ΔMDA: vitamin D with calcium, omega-3, vitamin D, omega-3 with vitamin E, magnesium with zinc and calcium, and probiotics were superior to placebo/no intervention. Conclusions: Administration of dietary supplements in women with GDM can be helpful in limiting the oxidative stress which develop in these pregnancies. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sex Differences in MicroRNA Expression and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Hispanic Adolescents with Obesity; Objective: To evaluate sex differences in microRNA (miRNA) expression, anthropometric measures, and cardiometabolic risk factors in Hispanic adolescents with obesity. Study design: Cross-sectional study of 68 (60% male) Hispanic adolescents with obesity, aged 13-17 years, recruited from a pediatric weight management clinic. We used small RNA sequencing to identify differentially expressed circulating miRNAs. We used ingenuity pathway analysis and David bioinformatic resource tools to identify target genes for these miRNAs and enriched pathways. We used standard procedures to measure anthropometric and cardiometabolic factors. Results: We identified 5 miRNAs (miR-24-3p, miR-361-3p, miR-3605-5p, miR-486-5p, and miR-199b-3p) that differed between females and males. miRNA targets-enriched pathways included phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-protein, 5' AMP-activated protein kinase, insulin resistance, sphingolipid, transforming growth factor-β, adipocyte lipolysis regulation, and oxytocin signaling pathways. In addition, there were sex differences in blood pressure, skeletal muscle mass, lean body mass, and percent body fat. Conclusions: We have identified sex differences in miRNA expression in Hispanic adolescents relevant to cardiometabolic health. Future studies should focus on sex-specific mechanistic roles of miRNAs on gene pathways associated with obesity pathophysiology to support development of precision cardiometabolic interventions. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Nutrigenomics of dietary lipids; Dietary lipids have a major role in nutrition, not only for their fuel value, but also as essential and bioactive nutrients. This narrative review aims to describe the current evidence on nutrigenomic effects of dietary lipids. Firstly, the different chemical and biological properties of fatty acids contained both in plant-and animal-based food are illustrated. A description of lipid bioavailability, bioaccessibility, and lipotoxicity is provided, together with an overview of the modulatory role of lipids as pro-or anti-inflammatory agents. Current findings concerning the metabolic impact of lipids on gene expression, epigenome, and gut microbiome in animal and human studies are summarized. Finally, the effect of the individual’s genetic make-up on lipid metabolism is described. The main goal is to provide an overview about the interaction between dietary lipids and the genome, by identifying and discussing recent scientific evidence, recognizing strengths and weaknesses, to address future investigations and fill the gaps in the current knowledge on metabolic impact of dietary fats on health. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of serum fetuin-B with insulin resistance and pre-diabetes in young Chinese women: evidence from a cross-sectional study and effect of liraglutide; Background and Aims. Fetuin-B has been reported to be involved in glucose and lipid metabolism and associated with the occurrence of diabetes. The main purpose of this study is to explore the changes of circulating fetuin-B in young women with pre-diabetes and to analyze the relationship between fetuin-B and the occurrence and development of IR. Methods. A total of 304 women were enrolled in this study and subjected to both OGTT and EHC. A subgroup of 26 overweight/obese womenwas treated with Lira for 24 weeks. serum fetuin-B concentrations were measured by ELISA. Results. In IGT and IR-NG groups, serum fetuin-B levels were higher than those in the NGT group. The serum fetuin-B levels in the IGT group were higher than those in the IR-NG group. serum fetuin-B was positively correlated with BMI, WHR, 2h-BG, FIns, HbA1c, and HOMA2-IR, but negatively correlated with the M-value in all study populations. Multiple stepwise regression analysis showed that the M-value was independently and inversely associated with serum fetuin-B. Logistic regression analysis showed that serum fetuin-B was independently associated with IGT and significantly increased the risk of IGT. During the OGTT, serum fetuin-B increased significantly in the NGT group, but there were no significant changes in other groups. During the EHC, serum fetuin-B increased in the IGT group, but there was no change in other groups. After Lira intervention, serum fetuin-B decreased significantly in IGT women. Conclusions. serum fetuin-B levels are elevated in young women with IR or IGT and may be associated with IR. Copyright 2021 Xia et al.
Asprosin, a novel pleiotropic adipokine implicated in fasting and obesity-related cardio-metabolic disease: Comprehensive review of preclinical and clinical evidence; White adipose tissue is a dynamic endocrine organ that releases an array of adipokines, which play a key role in regulating metabolic homeostasis and multiple other physiological processes. An altered adipokine secretion profile from adipose tissue depots frequently characterizes obesity and related cardio-metabolic diseases. Asprosin is a recently discovered adipokine that is released in response to fasting. Following secretion, asprosin acts - via an olfactory G-protein coupled receptor and potentially via other unknown receptor(s) - on hepatocytes and agouti-related peptide-expressing neurons in the central nervous system to stimulate glucose secretion and promote appetite, respectively. A growing body of both in vitro and in vivo studies have shown asprosin to exert a number of effects on different metabolic tissues. Indeed, asprosin can attenuate insulin signalling and promote insulin resistance in skeletal muscle by increasing inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress. Interestingly, asprosin may also play a protective role in cardiomyocytes that are exposed to hypoxic conditions. Moreover, clinical studies have reported elevated circulating asprosin levels in obesity, type 2 diabetes and other obesity-related cardio-metabolic diseases, with significant associations to clinically relevant parameters. Understanding the spectrum of the effects of this novel adipokine is essential in order to determine its physiologic role and its significance as a potential therapeutic target and/or a biomarker of cardio-metabolic disease. The present review offers a comprehensive overview of the published literature on asprosin, including both clinical and preclinical studies, focusing on its role in metabolism and cardio-metabolic disease. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Association between serum vitamin E concentrations and the presence of metabolic syndrome: A population-based cohort study; Background. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of clinical and metabolic features that include central obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and impaired glucose tolerance. These features are accompanied by increased oxidative stress and impaired antioxidant defenses. Vitamin E is a major factor in the non-enzymatic antioxidant defenses. The aim of present study was to investigate the association between serum levels of vitamin E and the presence of MetS and its components in a subsample population of Mashhad stroke and heart atherosclerotic disorder (MASHAD) study. Methods. This cross-sectional study was carried out in 128 subjects with MetS and 235 subjects without MetS. MetS was defined according to the International-Diabetes-Federation criteria. Serum levels of vitamin E were measured using the HPLC method. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured using standard protocols. Results. MetS patients had significantly lower serum levels of vitamin E (Vit E), Vit E/Total cholesterol (TC), and Vit E/ (TC+triglyceride(TG)) compared to the control group (P < 0.05). Vit E/ (TG+TC) was also significantly lower in diabetics or those with elevated levels of highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP). Additionally, there was a significant association between Vit E/ (TG + TC) and MetS (OR:0.87, 95% CI (0.78-0.96)). Conclusions. There is a significant inverse association between Vit E/ (TG + Total Cho) and the presence of MetS. Moreover, a significantly lower Vit E/ (TC+TG) was observed in subjects with more than 3 components of the MetS. The evaluation of this association in a larger population may help further confirm these findings. © 2021, Mattioli 1885. All rights reserved.
Total volatile basic nitrogen and trimethylamine in muscle foods: Potential formation pathways and effects on human health; The use of total volatile basic nitrogen (TVB-N) as a quality parameter for fish is rapidly growing to include other types of meat. Investigations of meat quality have recently focused on TVB-N as an index of freshness, but little is known on the biochemical pathways involved in its generation. Furthermore, TVB-N and methylated amines have been reported to exert deterimental health effects, but the relationship between these compounds and human health has not been critically reviewed. Here, literature on the formative pathways of TVB-N has been reviewed in depth. The association of methylated amines and human health has been critically evaluated. Interventions to mitigate the effects of TVB-N on human health are discussed. TVB-N levels in meat can be influenced by the diet of an animal, which calls for careful consideration when using TVB-N thresholds for regulatory purposes. Bacterial contamination and temperature abuse contribute to significant levels of post-mortem TVB-N increases. Therefore, controlling spoilage factors through a good level of hygiene during processing and preservation techniques may contribute to a substantial reduction of TVB-N. Trimethylamine (TMA) constitutes a significant part of TVB-N. TMA and trimethylamine oxide (TMA-N-O) have been related to the pathogenesis of noncommunicable diseases, including atherosclerosis, cancers, and diabetes. Proposed methods for mitigation of TMA and TMA-N-O accumulation are discussed, which include a reduction in their daily dietary intake, control of internal production pathways by targeting gut microbiota, and inhibition of flavin monooxygenase 3 enzymes. The levels of TMA and TMA-N-O have significant health effects, and this should, therefore, be considered when evaluating meat quality and acceptability. Agreed international values for TVB-N and TMA in meat products are required. The role of feed, gut microbiota, and translocation of methylated amines to muscles in farmed animals requires further investigation. © 2021 Institute of Food Technologists®
The Coronary Artery Risk Development In Young Adults (CARDIA) Study: JACC Focus Seminar 8/8; The CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study began in 1985 to 1986 with enrollment of 5,115 Black or White men and women ages 18 to 30 years from 4 US communities. Over 35 years, CARDIA has contributed fundamentally to our understanding of the contemporary epidemiology and life course of cardiovascular health and disease, as well as pulmonary, renal, neurological, and other manifestations of aging. CARDIA has established associations between the neighborhood environment and the evolution of lifestyle behaviors with biological risk factors, subclinical disease, and early clinical events. CARDIA has also identified the nature and major determinants of Black-White differences in the development of cardiovascular risk. CARDIA will continue to be a unique resource for understanding determinants, mechanisms, and outcomes of cardiovascular health and disease across the life course, leveraging ongoing pan-omics work from genomics to metabolomics that will define mechanistic pathways involved in cardiometabolic aging. © 2021 American College of Cardiology Foundation
Western Dietary Patterns, Foods, and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; An increasing number of epidemiological studies suggest that adherence to Western dietary patterns (WDPs) is associated with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but results remain inconsistent. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of WDPs and typical Western dietary foods on GDM. A literature search was performed in PubMed, Embase, Web of Knowledge, and the Cochrane Library up to December 2019. Cohort studies investigating the combined associations of WDPs with incidence of GDM were included. Reviewers were paired, and they independently reviewed and assessed studies, extracted data, and evaluated study quality. Pooled HRs were calculated using random-effects models. Heterogeneity and publication bias tests were also conducted. Twenty-one prospective cohort studies with 191,589 participants, including 12,331 women with GDM, were included in our analysis. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of WDPs was 1.52 (95% CI: 1.21, 1.91), indicating a significant association with GDM risk in Western countries. Potatoes (pooled RR: 1.12; 95% CI: 0.93, 1.35) showed a nonsignificant (P > 0.05) relation to GDM risk. However, consumption of animal meat (pooled RR: 1.35; 95% CI: 1.16, 1.57) and fast food (pooled RR: 1.75; 95% CI: 1.41, 2.19) showed a positive association with the risk of developing GDM. Subgroup analysis demonstrated that the consumption of red meat and processed red meat increased the risk of GDM more than either poultry or fish intake. Our study provides further evidence for understanding the relation between dietary factors and increased GDM risk and contributes to reducing the incidence of GDM through healthy diets.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Understanding the impact of perfluorinated compounds on cardiovascular diseases and their risk factors: A meta‐analysis study; Perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) are non‐biodegradable synthetic chemical compounds that are widely used in manufacturing many household products. Many studies have reported the association between PFCs exposure with the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, those reports are still debatable, due to their findings. Thus, this review paper aimed to analyse the association of PFCs compound with CVDs and their risk factors in humans by systematic review and meta‐analysis. Google Scholar, PubMed and ScienceDirect were searched for PFCs studies on CVDs and their risk from 2009 until present. The association of PFCs exposure with the prevalence of CVDs and their risk factors were assessed by calculating the quality criteria, odds ratios (ORs), and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). CVDs risk factors were divided into serum lipid profile (main risk factor) and other known risk factors. The meta‐analysis was then used to derive a combined OR test for heterogeneity in findings between studies. Twenty‐nine articles were included. Our meta‐analysis indicated that PFCs exposure could be associated with CVDs (Test for overall effect: z= 2.2, p = 0.02; Test for heterogeneity: I2 = 91.6%, CI = 0.92–1.58, p < 0.0001) and their risk factors (Test for overall effect: z= 4.03, p < 0.0001; Test for heterogeneity: I2 = 85.8%, CI = 1.00– 1.14, p < 0.0001). In serum lipids, total cholesterol levels are frequently reported associated with the exposure of PFCs. Among PFCs, perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS) exposure increased the risk of CVDs than other types of PFCs. Although the risk of PFOA and PFOS were positively associated with CVDs and their risk factors, more observational studies shall be carried out to identify the long‐term effects of these contaminants in premature CVDs development in patients. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gut Bacterial Characteristics of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Application Potential; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a complex disorder comprehensively influenced by genetic and environmental risk, and research increasingly has indicated the role of microbial dysbiosis in T2DM pathogenesis. However, studies comparing the microbiome characteristics between T2DM and healthy controls have reported inconsistent results. To further identify and describe the characteristics of the intestinal flora of T2DM patients, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of stool microbial profiles to discern and describe microbial dysbiosis in T2DM and to explore heterogeneity among 7 studies (600 T2DM cases, 543 controls, 1143 samples in total). Using a random effects model and a fixed effects model, we observed significant differences in beta diversity, but not alpha diversity, between individuals with T2DM and controls. We identified various operational taxonomic unit (OTUs) and bacterial genera with significant odds ratios for T2DM. The T2DM signatures derived from a single study by stepwise feature selection could be applied in other studies. By training on multiple studies, we improved the detection accuracy and disease specificity for T2DM. We also discuss the relationship between T2DM-enriched or T2DM-depleted genera and probiotics and provide new ideas for diabetes prevention and improvement. © Copyright © 2021 Que, Cao, He, Zhang, Chen, Yan, Lin, Yang, Wu, Zhu, Chen, Chen, Xiao, Hou and Zhang.
The performance of noninvasive indexes of adults in identification of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children; Background: The aim of this study is to evaluate the performance of three existing prediction scores which are applicable to adults for identifying nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Chinese children. Methods: We used data from routine check-up based medical records of 1845 children to validate the performance of three existing scoring systems including the hepatic steatosis index (HSI), Zhejiang University index (ZJU index), and triglyceride-glucose index (TyG index) in detection of NAFLD in children. Propensity score matching was applied to adjust for potential confounding effects in both training and validation cohorts. The area under the curve (AUC) of the receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was utilized to assess the performance of the three scoring systems. Results: Children with NAFLD had higher scores of HSI, ZJU index, and TyG index when compared with the control group (children without NAFLD). Elevated HSI, ZJU index, and TyG index scores were significantly associated with the presence of pediatric NAFLD since adjusted odds ratio and 95% CI with per interquartile range elevation of the HSI, ZJU index, and TyG index were 32.81 (20.48, 52.55), 26.31 (16.97, 40.79), and 1.83 (1.57, 2.13), respectively. In terms of discrimination of NAFLD in children, the AUC of the HSI, ZJU index, and TyG index depending on the validation cohort were 0.964, 0.960, and 0.769, respectively. Conclusions: The HSI and ZJU index could be appropriate noninvasive biomarkers in distinguishing NAFLD in children from their controls with satisfied accuracy, which would emphasize the clinical and public health policy relevance of pediatric NAFLD. Our findings need to be confirmed by additional longitudinal studies. © 2021 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Ketogenic Diets and Chronic Disease: Weighing the Benefits Against the Risks; Very-low-carbohydrate ketogenic diets have been long been used to reduce seizure frequency and more recently have been promoted for a variety of health conditions, including obesity, diabetes, and liver disease. Ketogenic diets may provide short-term improvement and aid in symptom management for some chronic diseases. Such diets affect diet quality, typically increasing intake of foods linked to chronic disease risk and decreasing intake of foods found to be protective in epidemiological studies. This review examines the effects of ketogenic diets on common chronic diseases, as well as their impact on diet quality and possible risks associated with their use. Given often-temporary improvements, unfavorable effects on dietary intake, and inadequate data demonstrating long-term safety, for most individuals, the risks of ketogenic diets may outweigh the benefits. © Copyright © 2021 Crosby, Davis, Joshi, Jardine, Paul, Neola and Barnard.
Mouse Spexin: (I) NMR Solution Structure, Docking Models for Receptor Binding, and Histological Expression at Tissue Level; Spexin (SPX), a highly conserved neuropeptide, is known to have diverse functions and has been implicated/associated with pathological conditions, including obesity, diabetes, anorexia nervosa, and anxiety/mood disorders. Although most of the studies on SPX involved the mouse model, the solution structure of mouse SPX, structural aspects for SPX binding with its receptors GalR2/3, and its cellular expression/distribution in mouse tissues are largely unknown. Using CD and NMR spectroscopies, the solution structure of mouse SPX was shown to be in the form of a helical peptide with a random coil from Asn1 to Pro4 in the N-terminal followed by an α-helix from Gln5 to Gln14 in the C-terminus. The molecular surface of mouse SPX is largely hydrophobic with Lys11 as the only charged residue in the α-helix. Based on the NMR structure obtained, docking models of SPX binding with mouse GalR2 and GalR3 were constructed by homology modeling and MD simulation. The models deduced reveal that the amino acids in SPX, especially Asn1, Leu8, and Leu10, could interact with specific residues in ECL1&2 and TMD2&7 of GalR2 and GalR3 by H-bonding/hydrophobic interactions, which provides the structural evidence to support the idea that the two receptors can act as the cognate receptors for SPX. For tissue distribution of SPX, RT-PCR based on 28 tissues/organs harvested from the mouse demonstrated that SPX was ubiquitously expressed at the tissue level with notable signals detected in the brain, GI tract, liver, gonad, and adrenal gland. Using immunohistochemical staining, protein signals of SPX could be located in the liver, pancreas, white adipose tissue, muscle, stomach, kidney, spleen, gonad, adrenal, and hypothalamo-pituitary axis in a cell type-specific manner. Our results, as a whole, not only can provide the structural information for ligand/receptor interaction for SPX but also establish the anatomical basis for our on-going studies to examine the physiological functions of SPX in the mouse model. © Copyright © 2021 Wong, He, Sze, Huang, Ko, Bian and Wong.
New insights into molecular mechanism behind anti‐cancer activities of lycopene; Lycopene is a well‐known compound found commonly in tomatoes which brings wide range of health benefits against cardiovascular diseases and cancers. From an anti‐cancer perspective, lycopene is often associated with reduced risk of prostate cancer and people often look for it as a dietary supplement which may help to prevent cancer. Previous scientific evidence exhibited that the anti‐cancer activity of lycopene relies on its ability to suppress oncogene expressions and induce proapoptotic pathways. To further explore the real potential of lycopene in cancer prevention, this review discusses the new insights and perspectives on the anti‐cancer activities of lycopene which could help to drive new direction for research. The relationship between inflammation and cancer is being highlighted, whereby lycopene suppresses cancer via resolution of inflammation are also discussed herein. The immune system was found to be a part of the anti‐cancer system of lycopene as it modulates immune cells to suppress tumor growth and progression. Lycopene, which is under the family of carotenoids, was found to play special role in suppressing lung cancer. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Spirulina as immune system potentiator; Microalgae usually called "Spirulina" in the literature and in commercial packages have been studied as potential sources of protein for food and feed supplementation. These microalgae are produced industrially worldwide, being recognized as GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) by the Food and Drug Administration (USA) and accepted by the European Union for human consumption. Apart from a high protein content and balanced amino acid composition, its biomass contains compounds with antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, antiviral and anti-microbial activities. Some of these compounds have been determined to boost the immune system and prevent diseases such as hyperglycemia, cancer, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular and respiratory disorders. It has also been suggested that the supplementation with Spirulina biomass and/or its extracts could help immune systems to fight different viral infections, including those by SARS-CoV2, the etiologic agent of COVID-19. This immunity boosting activity has been related to the presence of some polysaccharides, carotenoids, phycobiliproteins, fatty acids and biopeptides in the biomass. In this context, this chapter will address the boosting effect of the immune system by Spirulina exploring its antiviral activity and respective mechanisms. © 2021 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Tissue Tregs and Maintenance of Tissue Homeostasis; Regulatory T cells (Tregs) specifically expressing Forkhead box P3 (Foxp3) play roles in suppressing the immune response and maintaining immune homeostasis. After maturation in the thymus, Tregs leave the thymus and migrate to lymphoid tissues or non-lymphoid tissues. Increasing evidence indicates that Tregs with unique characteristics also have significant effects on non-lymphoid peripheral tissues. Tissue-resident Tregs, also called tissue Tregs, do not recirculate in the blood or lymphatics and attain a unique phenotype distinct from common Tregs in circulation. This review first summarizes the phenotype, function, and cytokine expression of these Tregs in visceral adipose tissue, skin, muscle, and other tissues. Then, how Tregs are generated, home, and are attracted to and remain resident in the tissue are discussed. Finally, how an increased understanding of these tissue Tregs might guide clinical treatment is discussed. © Copyright © 2021 Shao, Gu, Zhou, Wang, Li, Deng and Lu.
The Role of Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 in Diabetic Cardiovascular Complications and Related Epigenetic Mechanisms; Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), is an emerging metabolic regulator mediates multiple beneficial effects in the treatment of metabolic disorders and related complications. Recent studies showed that FGF21 acts as an important inhibitor in the onset and progression of cardiovascular complications of diabetes mellitus (DM). Furthermore, evidences discussed so far demonstrate that epigenetic modifications exert a crucial role in the initiation and development of DM-related cardiovascular complications. Thus, epigenetic modifications may involve in the function of FGF21 on DM-induced cardiovascular complications. Therefore, this review mainly interprets and delineates the recent advances of role of FGF21 in DM cardiovascular complications. Then, the possible changes of epigenetics related to the role of FGF21 on DM-induced cardiovascular complications are discussed. Thus, this article not only implies deeper understanding of the pathological mechanism of DM-related cardiovascular complications, but also provides the possible novel therapeutic strategy for DM-induced cardiovascular complications by targeting FGF21 and related epigenetic mechanism. © Copyright © 2021 Xiao, Tang, Wang, Wang, Wang, Guo, Zhang and Gu.
Mouse Spexin: (II) Functional Role as a Satiety Factor inhibiting Food Intake by Regulatory Actions Within the Hypothalamus; Spexin (SPX) is a pleiotropic peptide with highly conserved protein sequence from fish to mammals and its biological actions are mediated by GalR2/GalR3 receptors expressed in target tissues. Recently, SPX has been confirmed to be a novel satiety factor in fish species but whether the peptide has a similar function in mammals is still unclear. Using the mouse as a model, the functional role of SPX in feeding control and the mechanisms involved were investigated. After food intake, serum SPX in mice could be up-regulated with elevations of transcript expression and tissue content of SPX in the glandular stomach but not in other tissues examined. As revealed by immunohistochemical staining, food intake also intensified SPX signals in the major cell types forming the gastric glands (including the foveolar cells, parietal cells, and chief cells) within the gastric mucosa of glandular stomach. Furthermore, IP injection of SPX was effective in reducing food intake with parallel attenuation in transcript expression of NPY, AgRP, NPY type 5 receptor (NPY5R), and ghrelin receptor (GHSR) in the hypothalamus, and these inhibitory effects could be blocked by GalR3 but not GalR2 antagonism. In agreement with the central actions of SPX, similar inhibition on feeding and hypothalamic expression of NPY, AgRP, NPY5R, and GHSR could also be noted with ICV injection of SPX. In the same study, in contrast to the drop in NPY5R and GHSR, SPX treatment could induce parallel rises of transcript expression of leptin receptor (LepR) and melanocortin 4 receptor (MC4R) in the hypothalamus. These findings, as a whole, suggest that the role of SPX as a satiety factor is well conserved in the mouse. Apparently, food intake can induce SPX production in glandular stomach and contribute to the postprandial rise of SPX in circulation. Through GalR3 activation, this SPX signal can act within the hypothalamus to trigger feedback inhibition on feeding by differential modulation of feeding regulators (NPY and AgRP) and their receptors (NPY5R, GHSR, LepR, and MC4R) involved in the feeding circuitry within the CNS. © Copyright © 2021 Wong, Chen, He, Lin, Bian and Wong.
Can We Decrease Epicardial and Pericardial Fat in Patients With Diabetes?; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic and complex metabolic disorder and also an important cause of cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD). Patients with type 2 DM (T2DM) and obesity show a greater propensity for visceral fat deposition (and excessive fat deposits elsewhere) and the link between adiposity and CVD risk is greater for visceral than for subcutaneous (SC) adipose tissue (AT). There is growing evidence that epicardial AT (EAT) and pericardial AT (PAT) play a role in the development of DM-related atherosclerosis, atrial fibrillation (AF), myocardial dysfunction, and heart failure (HF). In this review, we will highlight the importance of PAT and EAT in patients with DM. We also consider therapeutic interventions that could have a beneficial effect in terms of reducing the amount of AT and thus CV risk. EAT is biologically active and a likely determinant of CV morbidity and mortality in patients with DM, given its anatomical characteristics and proinflammatory secretory pattern. Consequently, modification of EAT/PAT may become a therapeutic target to reduce the CV burden. In patients with DM, a low calorie diet, exercise, antidiabetics and statins may change the quantity of EAT, PAT or both, alter the secretory pattern of EAT, improve the metabolic profile, and reduce inflammation. However, well-designed studies are needed to clearly define CV benefits and a therapeutic approach to EAT/PAT in patients with DM. © The Author(s) 2021.
Spices for diabetes, cancer and obesity treatment; Spices have been commonly utilized in different regions of the world as flavor enhancers to improve the taste of food and natural drug for different health issues such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer due to their medicinal and antioxidant effects. Spices contain active ingredients like bioactive compounds in them. Many spices like ginger, cinnamon, turmeric, garlic, fenugreek, cumin, black pepper, mustard, coriander, and onion are safe, non-toxic, and have countless health benefits like anti-obesity, anti-diabetic and anti-cancer effects. The present work reviews the effect of different spices on the management and treatment of degenerative diseases like obesity, diabetes, and cancer. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021.
Tafazzin Deficiency Reduces Basal Insulin Secretion and Mitochondrial Function in Pancreatic Islets from Male Mice; Tafazzin (TAZ) is a cardiolipin (CL) biosynthetic enzyme important for maintaining mitochondrial function. TAZ affects both the species and content of CL in the inner mitochondrial membrane, which are essential for normal cellular respiration. In pancreatic β cells, mitochondrial function is closely associated with insulin secretion. However, the role of TAZ and CL in the secretion of insulin from pancreatic islets remains unknown. Male 4-month-old doxycycline-inducible TAZ knock-down (KD) mice and wild-type littermate controls were used. Immunohistochemistry was used to assess β-cell morphology in whole pancreas sections, whereas ex vivo insulin secretion, CL content, RNA-sequencing analysis, and mitochondrial oxygen consumption were measured from isolated islet preparations. Ex vivo insulin secretion under nonstimulatory low-glucose concentrations was reduced ∼52% from islets isolated from TAZ KD mice. Mitochondrial oxygen consumption under low-glucose conditions was also reduced ∼58% in islets from TAZ KD animals. TAZ deficiency in pancreatic islets was associated with significant alteration in CL molecular species and elevated polyunsaturated fatty acid CL content. In addition, RNA-sequencing of isolated islets showed that TAZ KD increased expression of extracellular matrix genes, which are linked to pancreatic fibrosis, activated stellate cells, and impaired β-cell function. These data indicate a novel role for TAZ in regulating pancreatic islet function, particularly under low-glucose conditions.  © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Curcumin improved glucose intolerance, renal injury, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and decreased chromium loss through urine in obese mice; Obesity-associated hyperglycemia underlies insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and related metabolic disorders including type 2 diabetes, renal damage, and nonalcoholic fatty liver dis-ease. Turmeric root is commonly used in Asia, and curcumin, one of its pharmacological components, can play a role in preventing and treating certain chronic physiological disorders. Accordingly, this study examined how high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia are reduced by curcumin through changes in fatty liver scores, chromium distribution, and renal injury in mice. Relative to the control group, also fed an HFD, the curcumin group weighed less and had smaller adipocytes; it also had lower daily food efficiency, blood urea nitrogen and creatinine levels, serum alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels, serum and hepatic triglyceride levels, and hepatic lipid regulation marker expression. The curcumin-treated obese group exhibited significantly lower fasting blood glucose, was less glucose intolerant, had higher Akt phosphorylation and glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) expression, and had greater serum insulin levels. Moreover, the group showed renal damage with lower TNF-α expression along with more numerous renal antioxidative enzymes that included superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase. The liver histology of the curcumin-treated obese mice showed superior lipid infiltration and fewer FASN and PNPLA3 proteins in comparison with the control mice. Curcumin contributed to creating a positive chromium balance by decreasing the amount of chromium lost through urine, leading to the chromium mobilization needed to mitigate hyperglycemia. Thus, the results suggest that curcumin prevents HFD-induced glucose intolerance, kidney injury, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
LncRNAs as Therapeutic Targets and Potential Biomarkers for Lipid-Related Diseases; Lipid metabolism is an essential biological process involved in nutrient adjustment, hormone regulation, and lipid homeostasis. An irregular lifestyle and long-term nutrient overload can cause lipid-related diseases, including atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction (MI), obesity, and fatty liver diseases. Thus, novel tools for efficient diagnosis and treatment of dysfunctional lipid metabolism are urgently required. Furthermore, it is known that lncRNAs based regulation like sponging microRNAs (miRNAs) or serving as a reservoir for microRNAs play an essential role in the progression of lipid-related diseases. Accordingly, a better understanding of the regulatory roles of lncRNAs in lipid-related diseases would provide the basis for identifying potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for lipid-related diseases. This review highlighted the latest advances on the potential biomarkers of lncRNAs in lipid-related diseases and summarised current knowledge on dysregulated lncRNAs and their potential molecular mechanisms. We have also provided novel insights into the underlying mechanisms of lncRNAs which might serve as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for lipid-related diseases. The information presented here may be useful for designing future studies and advancing investigations of lncRNAs as biomarkers for diagnosis, prognosis, and therapy of lipid-related diseases. © Copyright © 2021 Huang, Peng, Jiang, Hu and Ye.
Retinol-binding protein 4 in obesity and metabolic dysfunctions; Excessive increased adipose tissue mass in obesity is associated with numerous co-morbid disorders including increased risk of type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular diseases, dementia, airway disease and some cancers. The causal mechanisms explaining these associations are not fully understood. Adipose tissue is an active endocrine organ that secretes many adipokines, cytokines and releases metabolites. These biomolecules referred to as adipocytokines play a significant role in the regulation of whole-body energy homeostasis and metabolism by influencing and altering target tissues function. Understanding the mechanisms of adipocytokine actions represents a hot topic in obesity research. Among several secreted bioactive signalling molecules from adipose tissue and liver, retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) has been associated with systemic insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes and other metabolic diseases. Here, we aim to review and discuss the current knowledge on RBP4 with a focus on its role in the pathogenesis of obesity comorbid diseases. © 2021
The possibility of using bioelectrical impedance analysis in pregnant and postpartum women; Pregnancy is a time of significant changes occurring in the composition of a woman’s body in order to provide support for the growth and development of the foetus. Bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is used to assess the body composition and hydration status. This technique represents a non-invasive, reliable, and fast clinical approach, which is well tolerated by patients. A segmental impedance measurement might be advantageous in pregnant women, particularly in late pregnancy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of different applications of BIA in pregnant and postpartum women. It seems that BIA has a better prognostic potential for gestational and postpartum outcomes than body mass index. The BIA method can be successfully used to study the effect of excessive gestational weight gain in pregnancy on the development of obstetric complications. Studying the mother’s body composition and correlating it with her energy balance could facilitate the development of dietary recommendations for women. Evaluation of the body composition can provide important clues for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with a low risk of this disease. BIA is also used as one of the additional tests in assessing the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Modern computational intelligence based drug repurposing for diabetes epidemic; Background and aim: Objectives are to explore recent advances in discovery of new antidiabetic agents using repurposing strategies and to discuss modern technologies used for drug repurposing highlighting diabetic specific web portal. Methods: Recent literature were studied and analyzed from various sources such as Scopus, PubMed, and IEEE Xplore databases. Results: Drugs like Niclosamideethanolamine, Methazolamide, Diacerein, Berberine, Clobetasol, etc. with possibility of repurposing to curb diabetes can be potential late-stage clinical candidates, providing access to information on pharmacology, formulation, and probable toxicity if any. Conclusions: With collaboration of artificial intelligence (AI) with pharmacology, the efficiency of drug repurposing can improve significantly. © 2021 Diabetes India
The relationship between adenosine deaminase and heart rate-corrected QT interval in type 2 diabetic patients; Background: Prolonged heart rate-corrected QT (QTc) interval may reflect poor prognosis of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Serum adenosine deaminase (ADA) levels are related to hyperglycemia, insulin resistance (IR) and inflammation, which may participate in diabetic complications. We investigated the association of serum ADA levels with prolonged QTc interval in a large-scale sample of patients with T2D. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, a total of 492 patients with T2D were recruited. Serum ADA levels were determined by venous blood during fasting. QTc interval was estimated from resting 12-lead ECGs, and prolonged QTc interval was defined as QTc > 440 ms. Results: In this study, the prevalence of prolonged QTc interval was 22.8%. Serum ADA levels were positively associated with QTc interval (r = 0.324, P < 0.0001). The proportion of participants with prolonged QTc interval increased significantly from 9.2% in the first tertile (T1) to 24.7% in the second tertile (T2) and 39.0% in the third tertile (T3) of ADA (P for trend < 0.001). After adjusting for other possible risk factors by multiple linear regression analysis, serum ADA level was still significantly associated with QTc interval (β = 0.217, t = 3.400, P < 0.01). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that female (OR 5.084, CI 2.379–10.864, P < 0.001), insulin-sensitizers treatment (OR 4.229, CI 1.290–13.860, P = 0.017) and ADA (OR 1.212, CI 1.094–1.343, P < 0.001) were independent contributors to prolonged QTc interval. Conclusions: Serum ADA levels were independently associated with prolonged QTc interval in patients with T2D. © 2021 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Roles and therapeutic implications of endoplasmic reticulum stress and oxidative stress in cardiovascular diseases; In different pathological states that cause endoplasmic reticulum (ER) calcium depletion, altered glycosylation, nutrient deprivation, oxidative stress, DNA damage or energy perturba-tion/fluctuations, the protein folding process is disrupted and the ER becomes stressed. Studies in the past decade have demonstrated that ER stress is closely associated with pathogenesis of obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Excess nutrients and inflammatory cytokines associated with metabolic diseases can trigger or worsen ER stress. ER stress plays a critical role in the induction of endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis. Signaling pathways including AMP-activated protein kinase and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor have been identified to regulate ER stress, whilst ER stress contributes to the imbalanced production between nitric oxide (NO) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) causing oxidative stress. Several drugs or herbs have been proved to protect against cardiovascular diseases (CVD) through inhibition of ER stress and oxidative stress. The present article reviews the involvement of ER stress and oxidative stress in cardiovascular dysfunction and the potential therapeutic implications. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Non‐coding rnas: Novel players in insulin resistance and related diseases; The rising prevalence of metabolic diseases related to insulin resistance (IR) have stressed the urgent need of accurate and applicable tools for early diagnosis and treatment. In the last decade, non‐coding RNAs (ncRNAs) have gained growing interest because of their potential role in IR modulation. NcRNAs are variable‐length transcripts which are not translated into proteins but are involved in gene expression regulation. Thanks to their stability and easy detection in biological fluids, ncRNAs have been investigated as promising diagnostic and therapeutic markers in metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), obesity and non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Here we review the emerging role of ncRNAs in the development of IR and related diseases such as obesity, T2D and NAFLD, and summarize current evidence concerning their potential clinical application. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between insulin resistance and haematological parameters in pregnant women: A cross-sectional study; Limited research has been conducted on the asso- ciation between insulin resistance (IR) and haematological parameters, such as red cell distribution width, white blood cell count and mean platelet volume. To date, at least to the best of our knowledge, there are no published data available on IR and haematological parameters during pregnancy. In the present study, pregnant women were initially screened for gestational diabetes. Glucose tolerance tests and fasting plasma insulin (FPI) measurements were conducted between 24-28 weeks of gesta- tional age. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), HOMA-β indices and quantitative insulin sensi- tivity check index (QUICKI) were determined and used to assess insulin sensitivity and β-cell function. A total of 105 non-diabetic pregnant women were included in the present analysis. The mean (± standard deviation) age, parity and gestational age were 28.3 (±5.6) years, 0.9 (±1.2) and 27.1 (±5.2) weeks, respectively. While there was a positive correlation between platelet count and HOMA-IR (r=0.251, P=0.009), there was no correlation between platelet count and the HOMA-β level in the pregnant women examined (n=105). No significant difference was observed in the haematological variables between women with IR (n=17) and women who did not display IR (n=88). On the whole, the present study demonstrates that platelet count is positively associated with IR. This indicates that haematological parameters may help identify pregnant women with IR. However, Further analyses are required in order to fully understand this association. © 2020 Dermatology Online Journal. All rights reserved.
Abnormal m6A modification in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease has seriously affected people's health. Recent studies have found that N6-methyladenosine (m6A) methylation is involved in the lipid metabolism process of the body, but the study on the level of m6A modification in NAFLD is still not available. This study aims to explore the changes in the level of RNA m6A methylation modification in NAFLD liver tissues, and to provide experimental and theoretical basis for in-depth study on the role of RNA m6A methylation in the occurrence and development of NAFLD. Methods: Changes in the m6A level in NAFLD liver tissues were measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). Total RNA was extracted from liver tissues of NAFLD patients or normal control individuals and subjected to methylated RNA immunoprecipitation (MeRIP) with microarray analysis (including 44 122 mRNAs and 12 496 lncRNAs) to determine the changes in m6A modification levels across the entire transcriptome. Gene ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway analysis were performed to annotate the differentially modified mRNAs. Finally, 4 mRNAs and 4 lncRNAs were randomly selected to verify the microarray results by MeRIP and real-time transcription polymerase chain reaction. Results: A total of 176 mRNAs and 44 lncRNAs were found to be differentially m6Amodified in the NAFLD group compared with the control group. Among them, 15 mRNAs and 7 lncRNAs were hypermethylated in NAFLD, while 161 mRNAs and 37 lncRNAs were hypomethylated in NAFLD. GO and pathway analysis showed that the differentially modified mRNAs were enriched mainly in biological processes such as carboxylic acid metabolism and transcriptional regulation. Conclusion: The m6A modification profile is changed in NAFLD liver tissues compared with normal liver tissues, which may functionally impact the pathophysiological progress in NAFLD. © Journal of Central South University (Medical Science)
Vitamin A and Diabetes; Recently, research data have shown that vitamin A (VA, retinol) as a micronutrient participates in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. Since diabetes is a metabolic disease, it is imperative to reveal the relationship of VA and diabetes. This review was aimed to summarize the current understanding of VA and its metabolites in diabetes. Since April of 2020, the authors have searched the PubMed using key words and retrieved articles that focused on diabetes and VA or its metabolites. Based on the published data, it appears that the development of type 1 diabetes leads to reduction of blood VA level in human and animals, and increase of hepatic VA store in experimental animals. On the other hand, the mutual impacts of type 2 diabetes and VA intake and blood VA level on each other appear to be uncertain. Retinoic acid, the active metabolite of VA, has been studied extensively for the treatment of diabetic complications. The current data appear to indicate that the development of diabetes is associated with changes of VA metabolism. More carefully designed clinical and laboratory experiments are needed to reveal the impacts of diabetes on VA metabolism and the role of VA in the development and treatment of diabetes. © 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers, and Korean Society of Food Science and Nutrition.
Article maternal exercise mediates hepatic metabolic programming via activation of ampk-pgc1α axis in the offspring of obese mothers; Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of hepatic metabolic dysfunction for both mother and offspring and targeted interventions to address this growing metabolic disease burden are urgently needed. This study investigates whether maternal exercise (ME) could reverse the detrimental effects of hepatic metabolic dysfunction in obese dams and their offspring while focusing on the AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), representing a key regulator of hepatic metabolism. In a mouse model of maternal western-style-diet (WSD)-induced obesity, we established an exercise intervention of voluntary wheel-running before and during pregnancy and analyzed its effects on hepatic energy metabolism during developmental organ programming. ME prevented WSD-induced hepatic steatosis in obese dams by alterations of key hepatic metabolic processes, including activation of hepatic ß-oxidation and inhibition of lipogenesis following increased AMPK and peroxisome-proliferator-activated-receptor-γ-coactivator-1α (PGC-1α)-signaling. Offspring of exercised dams exhibited a comparable hepatic metabolic signature to their mothers with increased AMPK-PGC1α-activity and beneficial changes in hepatic lipid metabolism and were protected from WSD-induced adipose tissue accumulation and hepatic steatosis in later life. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that ME provides a promising strategy to improve the metabolic health of both obese mothers and their offspring and highlights AMPK as a potential metabolic target for therapeutic interventions. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Hyperinsulinemia in obesity, inflammation, and cancer; The relative insufficiency of insulin secretion and/or insulin action causes diabetes. However, obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus can be associated with an absolute increase in circulating insulin, a state known as hyperinsulinemia. Studies are beginning to elucidate the cause-effect relationships between hyperinsulinemia and numerous consequences of metabolic dysfunctions. Here, we review recent evidence demonstrating that hyperinsulinemia may play a role in inflammation, aging and development of cancers. In this review, we will focus on the consequences and mechanisms of excess insulin production and action, placing recent findings that have challenged dogma in the context of the existing body of literature. Where relevant, we elaborate on the role of specific signal transduction components in the actions of insulin and consequences of chronic hyperinsulinemia. By discussing the involvement of hyperinsulinemia in various metabolic and other chronic diseases, we may identify more effective therapeutics or lifestyle interventions for preventing or treating obesity, diabetes and cancer. We also seek to identify pertinent questions that are ripe for future investigation. Copyright © 2021 Korean Diabetes Association.
A Prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth; Objectives: To identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF), a measure of liver fat content and risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in a prospective study of 397 multi-ethnic youth. Methods: We obtained information on habitual dietary intake via the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 6 to 15 years (‘T1’) and 12 to 19 years (‘T2’), and measured HFF using magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We derived dietary patterns via principal components analysis and examined associations with ln-transformed HFF using linear regression models that accounted for maternal education, gestational diabetes exposure and smoking habits; and child pubertal status, BMI and physical activity. Results: At T1, none of the dietary patterns identified were associated with HFF measured at T2. At T2, a Prudent dietary pattern characterized by high fruit and vegetable intake was inversely associated with HFF (−0.08 [95% CI: −0.16, −0.00]). Similarly, increased adherence to the Prudent pattern across T1 and T2 corresponded with lower ln-HFF (−0.11 [−0.18, −0.04] units). On the other hand, adherence to a Western pattern comprising fried foods and refined carbohydrates at T2 correlated with higher HFF among non-Hispanic White participants (0.16 [0.06, 0.26]). These findings persisted after accounting for child BMI. Conclusions: Even in healthy youth, a diet high in fruits and vegetables is associated with lower HFF, whereas a diet high in fried foods and refined carbohydrates is related to higher HFF. Dietary changes may serve as an early preventive measure to mitigate liver fat accrual. © 2020 World Obesity Federation
Maternal microbiome in preeclampsia pathophysiology and implications on offspring health; Preeclampsia is a devastating hypertensive pregnancy disorder that currently affects 2%–8% of pregnancies worldwide. It is associated with maternal and fetal mortality and morbidity and adverse health outcomes both in mom and offspring beyond pregnancy. The pathophysiology is not completely understood, and there are no approved therapies to specifically treat for the disease, with only few therapies approved to manage symptoms. Recent advances suggest that aberrations in the composition of the microbiome may play a role in the pathogenesis of various diseases including preeclampsia. The maternal and uteroplacental environments greatly influence the long-term health outcomes of the offspring through developmental programming mechanisms. The current review summarizes recent developments on the role of the microbiome in adverse pregnancy outcomes with a focus on preeclampsia. It also discusses the potential role of the maternal microbiome in fetal programming; explores gut-targeted therapeutics advancement and their implications in the treatment of preeclampsia. © 2021 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society
Chronic inflammatory status observed in patients with type 2 diabetes induces modulation of cytochrome p450 expression and activity; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disease that causes a hyperglycemic status which leads, over time, to serious damage to the heart, blood vessels, eyes, kidneys and nerves. The most frequent form of diabetes is type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) which is often part of a metabolic syndrome (hyperglycaemia, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, abdominal obesity) that usually requires the use of several medications from different drug classes to bring each of these conditions under control. T2DM is associated with an increase in inflammatory markers such as interleukin-6 (IL-6) and the tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α). Higher levels of IL-6 and TNF-α are associated with a downregulation of several drug metabolizing enzymes, especially the cytochrome P450 (P450) isoforms CYP3As and CYP2C19. A decrease in these P450 isoenzymes may lead to unexpected rise in plasma levels of substrates of these enzymes. It could also give rise to a mismatch between the genotypes determined for these enzymes, the predicted phenotypes based on these genotypes and the phenotypes observed clinically. This phenomenon is described as phenoconversion. Phenoconversion typically results from either a disease (such as T2DM) or concomitant administration of medications inducing or inhibiting (including competitive or non-competitive inhibition) a P450 isoenzyme used by other substrates for their elimination. Phenoconversion could have a significant impact on drug effects and genotypic-focused clinical outcomes. As the aging population is exposed to polypharmacy along with inflammatory comorbidities, consideration of phenoconversion related to drug metabolizing enzymes is of importance when applying pharmacogenomic results and establishing personalized and more precise drug regimens. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Study of association between bile acid metabolites in early pregnancy and overweight; Objective: This study examined the associations between the levels of bile acids in early pregnancy and the occurrence of overweight. Methods From 2010 to 2012, 22 302 pregnant women were recruited by Tianjin Women and Children′s Health Center to investigate gestational diabetes. Two hundred and forty-three women with gestational diabetes mellitus provided overnight fasting blood samples in the first trimester, and 243 counterparts without gestational diabetes mellitus matched on age were selected randomly to establish a nested case-control study. The association between bile acids and overweight were evaluated by binary logistic regression with data from 166 overweight pregnant women (body mass index≥24.0 kg/m2) and 320 normal weight subjects (body mass index <24.0 kg/m2). Results Compared to non-overweight group, the level of primary unconjugated bile acids in overweight group was significantly higher. After adjustment of confounding factors, the OR of cholic acid (CA)>0.086 nmol/mL for overweight was 2.09 (95% CI 1.14-3.80, adjusted P =0.040), and OR of chenodeoxycholic acid (CDCA)>0.043 nmol/mL was 2.15 (95% CI 1.22-3.78, adjusted P =0.040) compared with the lower groups. However, the significant associations between the other bile acids and overweight were not detected. Stepwise selection was used to identify significant bile acid species in logistic regression. We found that only CA was independently associated with overweight, and the OR of CA>0.086 nmol/mL vs ≤0.086 nmol/mL was 2.03 (95% CI 1.11-3.74, P =0.022). Conclusion: CA and CDCA in early pregnancy maybe associated with overweight, and CA might be independently associated with overweight. © 2021 Chinese Medical Association
SNP rs12794714 of CYP2R1 is associated with serum vitamin D levels and recurrent spontaneous abortion (RSA): a case–control study; Purpose: Vitamin D (VD) deficiency seems to be associated with the risk of recurrent spontaneous abortion (RSA). Vitamin D receptor (VDR) and cytochrome P450 family 2 subfamily R member 1 (CYP2R1) are two genes which are vital for VD metabolism and actions. However, whether single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in these genes are correlated with the risk of RSA are poorly understood. Therefore, we aimed to characterize the relationships among VDR SNPs, CYP2R1 SNPs and RSA. Methods: This case–control study enrolled 75 RSA patients and 83 controls. Serum VD and some cytokines were detected with LC–MS/MS and flow cytometry, respectively. Genotyping for three SNPs of CYP2R1 (rs10741657, rs10766197 and rs12794714) and five SNPs of VDR (rs7975232, rs1544410, rs2189480, rs2228570 and rs2239179) was done with polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and high-throughput sequencing. All the data were analyzed with appropriate methods and in different models. Results: The results revealed a significant correlation between the AG genotype of CYP2R1 rs12794714 and VD levels (OR 0.686; 95% CI 0.49–0.96; p = 0.028). Besides, the AG and GG genotypes of CYP2R1 rs12794714 were markedly related to the risk of RSA (OR 52.394, 59.497; 95% CI 2.683–1023.265, 3.110–1138.367; p = 0.009, 0.007, respectively). Conclusion: Our results indicate that CYP2R1 rs12794714 might be a risk factor for RSA. Hence, early screening of pregnant women for CYP2R1 rs12794714 is necessary to warrant proactive counseling and treatment against RSA. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH, DE part of Springer Nature.
What can we change in diet and behaviour in order to decrease carotid intima-media thickness in patients with obesity?; Atherosclerosis—considered the major cause of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)—is strongly associated with obesity, to which it strongly contributes. Moreover, atherosclerosis is characterised by a long asymptomatic phase, and its progression can lead to serious cardiovascular (CV) events. The carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) has been determined as a predictor of CV events, as well as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis, and has been used in clinical trials as an alternative assessment method or a surrogate endpoint. It should be noted that several behavioural approaches can directly influence the cIMT values, and decrease or increase the CV risk. In our paper, we aimed to summarize the current knowledge regarding IMT measurement among patients with obesity as a risk group—also in terms of the obesity paradox where the diagnosis of subclinical atherosclerosis is especially essential and implements the early therapeutic approach. We also summarized behavioural, modifiable factors, such as the Mediterranean diet, the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension Diets, body weight reduction or the intake of micro-and macronutrients, with a particular focus on the studies where the cIMT values were one of the outcomes. In order to collect the literature data related to the presented topic, the PubMed database was explored. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A Qualitative Exploration of Barriers and Facilitators to Physical Activity Among Low-Income Latino Adolescents; Introduction: Latino adolescents experience high rates of obesity and physical activity can protect against obesity and obesity comorbidities. Health interventions to promote physical activity are more likely to be successful if they take into account the experiences and perspectives of their target population. Our study objective was to explore barriers and facilitators to physical activity among Latino adolescents with the goal of informing future interventions for this population. Method: Semistructured interviews were conducted with (n = 30) low-income, Latino adolescents. The interviews were analyzed using inductive methods and the Capability–Opportunity–Motivation model of behavior. Results: Adolescents described capability gaps including lacking skills for preferred activities. School physical education and parks provided opportunities for adolescents to be physically active. Adolescents also described opportunity challenges, including age limits, not being able to afford preferred classes, and safety concerns. Families provided role modeling but rarely engaged in activities with adolescents. Adolescents were motivated to engage in physical activity but often lacked the necessary resources. Conclusions: Interventions to increase physical activity among urban Latino adolescents should offer tailored programming, incorporate families, enhance physical education, and improve the safety and appeal of recreational facilities. © The Author(s) 2020.
Extracellular Vesicles: Novel Opportunities to Understand and Detect Neoplastic Diseases; With a size range from 30 to 1000 nm, extracellular vesicles (EVs) are one of the smallest cell components able to transport biologically active molecules. They mediate intercellular communications and play a fundamental role in the maintenance of tissue homeostasis and pathogenesis in several types of diseases. In particular, EVs actively contribute to cancer initiation and progression, and there is emerging understanding of their role in creation of the metastatic niche. This fact underlies the recent exponential growth in EV research, which has improved our understanding of their specific roles in disease and their potential applications in diagnosis and therapy. EVs and their biomolecular cargo reflect the state of the diseased donor cells, and can be detected in body fluids and exploited as biomarkers in cancer and other diseases. Relatively few studies have been published on EVs in the veterinary field. This review provides an overview of the features and biology of EVs as well as recent developments in EV research including techniques for isolation and analysis, and will address the way in which the EVs released by diseased tissues can be studied and exploited in the field of veterinary pathology. Uniquely, this review emphasizes the important contribution that pathologists can make to the field of EV research: pathologists can help EV scientists in studying and confirming the role of EVs and their molecular cargo in diseased tissues and as biomarkers in liquid biopsies. © The Author(s) 2021.
Placenta inflammation is closely associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate the potential role of placenta inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and construct a model for the diagnosis of GDM. Methods: In this study, transcriptome-wide profiling datasets, GSE70493 and GSE128381 were downloaded from Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database. Significant immune-related genes were identified separately to be the biomarkers for the diagnosis of GDM by using random forest model (RF), support vector machine model (SVM), and generalized linear model (GLM). Results: RF was the best model and was used to select the four key immune-related genes (FABP4, DKK1, CXCL10, and IL1RL1) to diagnose GDM. A nomogram model was constructed to predict GDM based on the four key immune-related genes by using "rms" package. The relative proportion of 22 immune cell types were calculated by using CIBERSORT algorithm. Higher M1 macrophage ratio and lower M2 macrophage ratio in GDM placenta compared to normal patients were observed. Conclusions: This study provides clues that inflammation was correlated with GDM and suggests inflammation may be the cause and also the potential targets of GDM. © 2021 E-Century Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved.
Exploring the physiological role of transthyretin in glucose metabolism in the liver; Transthyretin (TTR), a 55 kDa evolutionarily conserved protein, presents altered levels in several conditions, including malnutrition, inflammation, diabetes, and Alzheimer’s Disease. It has been shown that TTR is involved in several functions, such as insulin release from pancreatic β-cells, recovery of blood glucose and glucagon levels of the islets of Langerhans, food intake, and body weight. Here, the role of TTR in hepatic glucose metabolism was explored by studying the levels of glucose in mice with different TTR genetic backgrounds, namely with two copies of the TTR gene, TTR+/+; with only one copy, TTR+/−; and without TTR, TTR−/−. Results showed that TTR haploinsufficiency (TTR+/−) leads to higher glucose in both plasma and in primary hepatocyte culture media and lower expression of the influx glucose transporters, GLUT1, GLUT3, and GLUT4. Further, we showed that TTR haploinsufficiency decreases pyruvate kinase M type (PKM) levels in mice livers, by qRT-PCR, but it does not affect the hepatic production of the studied metabolites, as determined by 1H NMR. Finally, we demonstrated that TTR increases mitochondrial density in HepG2 cells and that TTR insufficiency triggers a higher degree of oxidative phosphorylation in the liver. Altogether, these results indicate that TTR contributes to the homeostasis of glucose by regulating the levels of glucose transporters and PKM enzyme and by protecting against mitochondrial oxidative stress. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of weight loss and moderate-protein, high-fiber diet consumption on the fasted serum metabolome of cats; Feline obesity elicits a plethora of metabolic responses leading to comorbidities, with potential reversal during weight loss. The specific metabolic alterations and biomarkers of organ dysfunction are not entirely understood. Untargeted, high-throughput metabolomic technologies may allow the identification of biological components that change with weight status in cats, increas-ing our understanding of feline metabolism. The objective of this study was to utilize untargeted metabolomic techniques to identify biomarkers and gain mechanistic insight into the serum metabolite changes associated with reduced food intake and weight loss in overweight cats. During a four-wk baseline period, cats were fed to maintain body weight. For 18 wk following baseline, cats were fed to lose weight at a rate of ~1.5% body weight/wk. Blood serum metabolites were measured at wk 0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, and 16. A total of 535 named metabolites were identified, with up to 269 of them being altered (p-and q-values < 0.05) at any time point. A principal component analysis showed a continual shift in metabolite profile as weight loss progressed, with early changes being distinct from those over the long term. The majority of lipid metabolites decreased with weight loss; however, ketone bodies and small lipid particles increased with weight loss. The majority of carbohydrate metabolites decreased with weight loss. Protein metabolites had a variable result, with some increas-ing, but others decreasing with weight loss. Metabolic mediators of inflammation, oxidative stress, xenobiotics, and insulin resistance decreased with weight loss. In conclusion, global metabolomics identified biomarkers of reduced food intake and weight loss in cats, including decreased markers of inflammation and/or altered macronutrient metabolism. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Relationship of maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation to offspring health; A balanced maternal diet is essential for proper fetal development, and the consumption of a nutritionally inadequate diet during intrauterine development and early childhood is associated with a significantly increased risk of metabolic and brain disorders in offspring. The current literature indicates that maternal exposure to a high-fat diet exerts an irreversible influence on the general health of the offspring. This review of preclinical research examines the relationship between a maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy or lactation and metabolic changes, molecular alterations in the brain, and behavioral disorders in offspring. Animal models indicate that offspring exposed to a maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation manifest increased depressive-like and aggressive behaviors, reduced cognitive development, and symptoms of metabolic syndrome. Recently, epigenetic and molecular studies have shown that maternal nutrition during pregnancy and the suckling period modifies the development of neurotransmitter circuits and many other factors important to central nervous system development. This finding confirms the importance of a balanced maternal diet for the health of offspring. © 2020 The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Impact of the level of adherence to mediterranean diet on the parameters of metabolic syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; a,; of d Abstract: High adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) has been associated with a lower prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). The present study aimed to investigate the impact of MD adherence on parameters of MetS. A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, Cochrane Central Registry of Clinical Trials (CENTRAL), Scopus, EMBASE, Web of Science and Google Scholar databases. Observational studies that recorded adherence to MD and components/measures of the MetS, such as waist circumference (WC), blood pressure (BP), fasting blood glucose (FBG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and triglycerides (TG), were included in this study. A total of 58 studies were included in our study. WC and TG were significantly lower in the high adherence MD group (SMD: −0.20, (95%CI: −0.40, −0.01), SMD: −0.27 (95%CI: −0.27, −0.11), respectively), while HDL cholesterol was significantly higher in the same group (SMD: −0.28 (95%CI: 0.07, 0.50). There was no difference in FBG and SBP among the two groups (SMD: −0.21 (95%CI: −0.54, 0.12) & SMD: −0.15 (95%CI: −0.38, 0.07), respectively). MD may have a positive impact on all parameters of MetS. However, further research is needed in this field. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Short- And long-term effects of capsaicin supplementation on glycemic control: A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials; Background & aims: Animal studies have shown that capsaicin exerts beneficial effects on glucose metabolism. However, the findings of human studies are contradictory. Therefore, we aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials to assess the effect of capsaicin administration on glycemic indices. Methods: Medline, Scopus, Cochrane Library, and Google Scholar were searched from the database inception to January 14, 2021. The weighted (WMD) or standardized (SMD) mean difference with 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated using a random-effects model. Results: Fourteen trials were included in this study. Long-term capsaicin supplementation did not show significant effects on fasting blood glucose (WMD: 0.03 mmol L-1, 95% CI: -0.05 to 0.12, I2 = 40.5%) and fasting insulin (SMD: 0.09, 95% CI: -0.04 to 0.22, I2 = 0.0%). Short-term capsaicin supplementation had no significant effects on 2-hour postprandial blood glucose (WMD: 0.06 mmol L-1, 95% CI: -0.34 to 0.47, I2 = 92.5%) and 2-hour postprandial insulin (WMD: 1.70 µIU mL-1, 95% CI: -3.46 to 6.86, I2 = 72.4%). Subgroup analysis revealed that the dose and ingestion form of capsaicin could be sources of between-study heterogeneity. Conclusions: Capsaicin supplementation seems to have neither acute nor chronic beneficial or detrimental effects on blood glucose and insulin levels. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
High fructose exposure modifies the amount of adipocyte-secreted microRNAs into extracellular vesicles in supernatants and plasma; Background. High fructose exposure induces metabolic and endocrine responses in adipose tissue. Recent evidence suggests that microRNAs in extracellular vesicles are endocrine signals secreted by adipocytes. Fructose exposure on the secretion of microRNA by tissues and cells is poorly studied. Thus, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of fructose exposure on the secretion of selected microRNAs in extracellular vesicles from 3T3-L1 cells and plasma from Wistar rats. Methods. 3T3-L1 cells were exposed to 550 mM of fructose or standard media for four days, microRNAs levels were determined in extracellular vesicles of supernatants and cells by RT-qPCR. Wistar rats were exposed to either 20% fructose drink or tap water for eight weeks, microRNAs levels were determined in extracellular vesicles of plasma and adipose tissue by RT-qPCR. Results. This study showed that fructose exposure increased the total number of extracellular vesicles released by 3T3-L1 cells (p D 0.0001). The levels of miR-143-5p were increased in extracellular vesicles of 3T3-L1 cells exposed to fructose (pD0.0286), whereas miR-223-3p levels were reduced (p D 0.0286). Moreover, in plasma-derived extracellular vesicles, miR-143-5p was higher in fructose-fed rats (p D 0.001), whereas miR-223-3p (p D 0.022), miR-342-3p (p D 0.0011), miR-140-5p (p D 0.0129) and miR-146b-5p (p D 0.0245) were lower. Conclusion. Fructose exposure modifies the levels of microRNAs in extracellular vesicles in vitro and in vivo. In particular, fructose exposure increases miR-143-5p, while decreases miR-223-3p and miR-342-3p. © 2021 PeerJ Inc.. All rights reserved.
Examining the effect of obesity-associated gene variants on breast cancer survivors in a randomized weight loss intervention; Purpose: Our study examined whether common variants of obesity-associated genes FTO, MC4R, BDNF, and CREB1 moderated the effects of a lifestyle intervention on weight change among breast cancer survivors. Methods: 151 breast cancer survivors with a body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m2 were randomly assigned to a 6-month weight loss intervention or usual care group. Genotyping of FTO rs9939609, MC4R rs6567160, BDNF rs11030104, CREB1 rs17203016 was performed. Linear mixed models were used including the main effects of genotype (assuming a dominant genetic model), treatment arm on weight and percent body fat changes, and genotype by treatment interaction variable. All statistical tests were evaluated against a Bonferroni-corrected alpha of 0.0125. Results: Women in the intervention group achieved significantly greater weight loss than the usual care group (5.9% vs 0.4%, p < 0.001), regardless of genotype. Changes in weight and percent body fat did not differ significantly between carriers of the FTO rs9939609, MC4R rs6567160, BDNF rs11030104, and CREB1 rs17203016 risk alleles compared to non-carriers (p-interaction > 0.0125 for each single-nucleotide polymorphisms). Conclusions: Women who are genetically predisposed to obesity and recently diagnosed with breast cancer may achieve significant and clinically meaningful weight loss through healthy eating and exercise. Clinical Trial Registration: NCT02863887 (Date of Registration: August 11, 2016); NCT02110641 (Date of Registration: April 10, 2014) © 2021, This is a U.S. government work and not under copyright protection in the U.S.; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Lead (Pb) exposure and heart failure risk; Lead (Pb) is a heavy metal with widespread industrial use, but it is also a widespread environmental contaminant with serious toxicological consequences to many species. Pb exposure adversely impacts the cardiovascular system in humans, leading to cardiac dysfunction, but its effects on heart failure risk remain poorly elucidated. To better understand the pathophysiological effects of Pb, we review potential mechanisms by which Pb exposure leads to cardiac dysfunction. Adverse effects of Pb exposure on cardiac function include heart failure risk, pressure overload, arrhythmia, myocardial ischemia, and cardiotoxicity. The data reviewed clearly establish that Pb exposure can play an important role in the occurrence and development of heart failure. Future epidemiological and mechanistic studies should be developed to better understand the involvement of Pb exposure in heart failure. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Placental superoxide dismutase 3 mediates benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health; Poor maternal diet increases the risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring, adding to the ever-increasing prevalence of these diseases. In contrast, we find that maternal exercise improves the metabolic health of offspring, and here, we demonstrate that this occurs through a vitamin D receptor-mediated increase in placental superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3) expression and secretion. SOD3 activates an AMPK/TET signaling axis in fetal offspring liver, resulting in DNA demethylation at the promoters of glucose metabolic genes, enhancing liver function, and improving glucose tolerance. In humans, SOD3 is upregulated in serum and placenta from physically active pregnant women. The discovery of maternal exercise-induced cross talk between placenta-derived SOD3 and offspring liver provides a central mechanism for improved offspring metabolic health. These findings may lead to novel therapeutic approaches to limit the transmission of metabolic disease to the next generation. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Managing cardiometabolic risk factors across a woman's lifespan: A lipidologist's perspective; A recent rise in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) mortality in women warrants a heightened focus on the cardiometabolic risk factors that are closely tied to increasing trends in obesity and suboptimal lifestyle. Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are often manifestations of cardiometabolic disease that convey cardiovascular risk requiring recognition foremost, as well as a targeted approach to treatment. Similarly, menopause is a time to reflect on a woman's cardiovascular risk as multiple cardiometabolic changes occur during this time. Contraceptives and menopausal replacement therapy (MRT) should be considered along with a woman's individual thrombotic and cardiovascular risk. Clinicians should be attuned to cardiometabolic risk factors throughout a woman's lifespan and familiar with strategies to reduce cardiovascular risk. © 2021
Effects of maternal taurine supplementation on maternal dietary intake, plasma metabolites and fetal growth and development in cafeteria diet fed rats; Background: Maternal obesity may disrupt the developmental process of the fetus during gestation in rats. Recent evidence suggests that taurine can exert protective role against detrimental influence of obesogenic diets. This study aimed to examine the effect of maternal cafeteria diet and/or taurine supplementation on maternal dietary intake, plasma metabolites, fetal growth and development. Methods: Female Wistar rats were fed a control diet (CON), CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CONT), cafeteria diet (CAF) or CAF supplemented with taurine (CAFT) from weaning. After 8 weeks all animals were mated and maintained on the same diets during pregnancy and lactation. Results: Dietary intakes were significantly different between the groups. Both CAF and CAFT fed dams consumed less water in comparison to CON and CONT dams. Taurine supplementation only increased plasma taurine concentrations in CONT group. Maternal plasma adiponectin concentrations increased in CAF and CAFT fed dams compared to CON and CONT fed dams and there was no effect of taurine. Hyperleptinemia was observed in CAF fed dams but not in CAFT fed dams. Malondialdehyde was significantly increased only in CAF fed dams. Litter size, sex ratio and birth weight were similar between the groups. There was an increase in neonatal mortality in CONT group. Discussion: This study showed that maternal taurine supplementation exerted modest protective effects on cafeteria diet induced maternal obesity. The increased neonatal mortality in CONT neonates indicates possible detrimental effects of taurine supplementation in the setting of normal pregnancy. Therefore, future studies should investigate the optimal dose of taurine supplementation and long term potential effects on the offspring. © 2021 PeerJ Inc.. All rights reserved.
Next-generation therapeutic bacteria for treatment of obesity, diabetes, and other endocrine diseases; The human gut microbiota has appeared as an important factor affecting host health and intestinal bacteria have recently emerged as potential therapeutics to treat diabetes and other endocrine diseases. These mainly anaerobic bacteria have been identified either via comparative “omics” analysis of the intestinal microbiota in healthy and diseased subjects or of data collected by fecal microbiota transplantation studies. Both approaches require advanced and in-depth sequencing technologies to perform massive genomic screening to select bacteria with potential benefits. It has been shown that these potentially therapeutic bacteria can either produce bioactive products that directly influence the host patho-physiology and endocrine systems or produce specific signaling molecules that may do so. These bioactive compounds can be formed via degradation of dietary or host-derived components or the conversion of intermediate compounds produced by fermentation of intestinal bacteria. Several of these bacteria have shown causality in preclinical models and entered clinical phase studies, while their mode of action is being analyzed. In this review, we summarize the research on the most promising bacterial candidates with therapeutic properties with a specific focus on diabetes. © 2021
Changes in plasma metabolome profiles following oral glucose challenge among adult chinese; Little is known about changes in plasma metabolome profiles during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in Chinese. We aimed to characterize plasma metabolomic profiles at 0 and 2 h of OGTT and their changes in individuals of different glycemic statuses. A total of 544 metabolites were detected at 0 and 2 h of OGTT by a nontarget strategy in subjects with normal glucose (n = 234), prediabetes (n = 281), and newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes (T2D) (n = 66). Regression model, mixed model, and partial least squares discrimination analysis were applied. Compared with subjects of normal glucose, T2D cases had significantly higher levels of glycerone at 0 h and 22 metabolites at 2 h of OGTT (false discovery rate (FDR) < 0.05, variable importance in projection (VIP) > 1). Seven of the twenty-two metabolites were also significantly higher in T2D than in prediabetes subjects at 2 h of OGTT (FDR < 0.05, VIP > 1). Two hours after glucose challenge, concentrations of 35 metabolites (normal: 18; prediabetes: 23; T2D: 13) significantly increased (FDR < 0.05, VIP > 1, fold change (FC) > 1.2), whereas those of 45 metabolites (normal: 36; prediabetes: 29; T2D: 18) significantly decreased (FDR < 0.05, VIP > 1, FC < 0.8). Distinct responses between cases and noncases were detected in metabolites including 4-imidazolone-5-acetate and 4-methylene-L-glutamine. More varieties of distinct metabolites across glycemic statuses were observed at 2 h of OGTT compared with fasting state. Whether the different patterns and responsiveness of certain metabolites in T2D reflect a poor resilience of specific metabolic pathways in regaining glucose homeostasis merits further study. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Genetically predicted serum uric acid levels and the risk of coronary artery disease in patients with diabetes: A Mendelian randomization study; Background and aims: Serum uric acid (SUA) levels have been reported to be associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) among patients with diabetes in observational study. Whether this relationship is causal remains unclear. The current study aimed to explore the causal association between SUA and the risk of CAD in patients with diabetes. Methods and results: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) approach was employed to evaluate the causal effect of SUA on the risk of CAD in patients with diabetes. A total of 28 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) related to SUA were identified as instruments. Genetic association with CAD were obtained from a recently published genome-wide association study (GWAS) of 15,666 patients with diabetes (3968 CAD cases and 11,696 controls). The fixed-effects inverse variance-weighted method was employed to estimate the causal effect for the primary analysis, and other robust methods were employed for sensitivity analyses. In addition, the whole analyses were repeated using 9 non-pleiotropic SNPs. Genetic determined SUA levels were not significantly associated with the risk of CAD in patients with diabetes in the primary analysis (odds ratio = 1.13, 95% confidence interval: 0.98–1.16, P = 0.09). Consistent results were observed in the sensitivity analyses using various robust methods. In addition, this finding was confirmed by the repeated analyses using 9 non-pleiotropic SNPs. Conclusions: This two-sample MR study does not support a causal effect of genetically predicted SUA levels on the risk of CAD in patients with diabetes. © 2021 The Authors
Glucosamine Ameliorates Symptoms of High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice by Reversing Imbalanced Gut Microbiota; Glucosamine (GlcN) is used as a supplement for arthritis and joint pain and has been proved to have effects on inflammation, cancer, and cardiovascular diseases. However, there are limited studies on the regulatory mechanism of GlcN against glucose and lipid metabolism disorder. In this study, we treated high-fat diet (HFD)-induced diabetic mice with GlcN (1 mg/ml, in drinking water) for five months. The results show that GlcN significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose of HFD-fed mice and improved glucose tolerance. The feces of intestinal contents in mice were analyzed using 16s rDNA sequencing. It was indicated that GlcN reversed the imbalanced gut microbiota in HFD-fed mice. Based on the PICRUSt assay, the signaling pathways of glucolipid metabolism and biosynthesis were changed in mice with HFD feeding. By quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) and hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) staining, it was demonstrated that GlcN not only inhibited the inflammatory responses of colon and white adipose tissues, but also improved the intestinal barrier damage of HFD-fed mice. Finally, the correlation analysis suggests the most significantly changed intestinal bacteria were positively or negatively related to the occurrence of inflammation in the colon and fat tissues of HFD-fed mice. In summary, our studies provide a theoretical basis for the potential application of GlcN to glucolipid metabolism disorder through the regulation of gut microbiota. © Copyright © 2021 Yuan, Zheng, Ren, Jiao, Feng, Du and Liu.
The long-term metabolic and neurocognitive risks in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Aims: Previous studies have evaluated long-term metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in offspring of women with diabetes. However, many studies did not differentiate between different types of diabetes. We aimed to specifically evaluate both metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (OT1D). Methods: We conducted an extensive literature search on PubMed between February 2020 and September 2020. We performed a scoping review including 12 retrospective cohort studies, 15 prospective cohort studies, one case–control study and one cross-sectional study, comparing long-term metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes between OT1D and a control group. Results: OT1D had a higher body mass index and an increased risk for overweight and obesity compared to offspring of mothers without diabetes. A limited number of studies showed a higher risk for (pre)diabetes, higher rates of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome in OT1D. Index offspring had in general similar intelligence and academic achievement as control children but a higher risk for attention deficit and hyperactivity disorders. Data were conflicting concerning the increased risk for autism spectrum disorders. There is limited evidence suggesting that female offspring have more often unfavorable metabolic parameters, while male offspring are more at risk for hyperactivity/impulsivity. Conclusion: Maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of several metabolic complications and neurobehavioral disorders in the offspring. Increased attention for long-term complications in this population is needed. Further research is needed to evaluate whether improved glycemic control in pregnancy can reduce these long-term complications. © 2021, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Effect of weight loss by low-calorie diet on cardiovascular health in type 2 diabetes: An interventional cohort study; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major problem for people with type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and the leading cause of death worldwide. We aimed to determine cardiovascular benefits of weight loss with or without remission of diabetes, and to assess utility of plasma biomarkers. 29 people with T2DM were studied at baseline and after dietary weight loss. Change in plasma adipokines and lipid related markers was examined in relation to weight loss, diabetes remission, 10-year cardiovascular risk (QRISK), and duration of diabetes. QRISK decreased markedly after weight loss (18.9 ± 2.2 to 11.2 ± 1.6%, p < 0.0001) in both responders and non-responders, but non-responders remained at higher risk (15.0 ± 2.0 vs. 5.8 ± 1.6%, p < 0.0001). At baseline, plasma GDF-15 was higher in longer diabetes duration (1.19 ± 0.14 vs. 0.82 ± 0.09 ng/mL, p = 0.034), as was the QRISK (22.8 ± 2.6 vs. 15.3 ± 3.4%, p = 0.031). Leptin, GDF-15 and FGF-21 decreased whereases adiponectin increased after weight loss in responders and non-responders. However, the level of FGF-21 remained higher in non-responders (0.58 [0.28–0.71] vs. 0.25 [0.15–0.42] ng/mL, p = 0.007). QRISK change correlated with change in plasma VLDL-TG (r = 0.489, p = 0.007). There was a positive correlation between rise in HDL cholesterol and the decrease in leptin (r = 0.57, p = 0.001), or rise in adiponectin (r = 0.58, p = 0.001) levels. In conclusion, weight loss markedly decreases cardiometabolic risk particularly when remission of diabetes is achieved. Leptin, adiponectin, GDF-15 and FGF-21 changes were related to weight loss not remission of diabetes. Normalization of 10-year cardiovascular risk and heart age is possible after substantial dietary weight loss and remission of T2DM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: In cooperation with the working group on obstetrics and prenatal medicine in the German Society for Gynecology and Obstetrics section on maternal diseases; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most frequent pregnancy-specific liver disease. It is characterized by pruritus and an accompanying elevation of serum bile acid concentrations and/or alanine aminotransferase (ALT), which are the key parameters in the diagnosis. Despite good maternal prognosis, elevated bile acid concentration in maternal blood is an influencing factor to advers fetal outcome. The ICP is associated with increased rates of preterm birth, neonatal unit admission and stillbirth. This is the result of acute fetal asphyxia as opposed to a chronic uteroplacental insufficiency. Reliable monitoring or predictive tools (e.g. cardiotocography (CTG) or ultrasound) that help to prevent advers events are yet to be explored. Medicinal treatment with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) does not demonstrably reduce adverse perinatal outcomes but does improve pruritus and liver function test results. Bile acid concentrations and gestational age should be used as indications to determine delivery. There is a high risk of recurrence in subsequent pregnancies. © 2021, Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Early life exposure to food contaminants and social stress as risk factor for metabolic disorders occurrence?— an overview; The global prevalence of obesity has been increasing in recent years and is now the major public health challenge worldwide. While the risks of developing metabolic disorders (MD) including obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) have been historically thought to be essentially driven by increased caloric intake and lack of exercise, this is insufficient to account for the observed changes in disease trends. Based on human epidemiological and pre-clinical experimental studies, this overview questioned the role of non-nutritional components as contributors to the epidemic of MD with a special emphasis on food contaminants and social stress. This overview examines the impact of early life adverse events (ELAE) focusing on exposures to food contaminants or social stress on weight gain and T2D occurrence in the offspring and explores potential mechanisms leading to MD in adulthood. Indeed, summing up data on both ELAE models in parallel allowed us to identify common patterns that appear worthwhile to study in MD etiology. This overview provides some evidence of a link between ELAE-induced intestinal barrier disruption, inflammation, epigenetic modifications, and the occurrence of MD. This overview sums up evidence that MD could have developmental origins and that ELAE are risk factors for MD at adulthood independently of nutritional status. © by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of CPT1A gene polymorphism with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health problem worldwide and its etiology remains unclear. The pathophysiology of GDM is similar to that of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and insulin resistance (IR) is the main reason for the development of GDM. Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A (CPT1A) is a candidate gene for metabolic disorders; however, the association of the CPT1A gene and GDM has not yet been studied. We aimed to explore whether single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the CPT1A gene could influence the risk of GDM. Methods: We examined 18 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the CPT1A gene and the risk of GDM in a nested case-control study of 334 GDM patients and 334 controls. The controls who had no GDM were randomly selected through matching to cases by age and residence. Results: After adjusting the family history of diabetes, pre-pregnancy body mass index, and multiple comparison correction, the CPT1A rs2846194 and rs2602814 were associated with reduced GDM risk while rs59506005 was associated with elevated GDM risk. Moreover, the GGAC haplotype in the CPT1A gene (rs17399246 rs1016873 rs11228450 rs10896396) was associated with a reduced risk of GDM. Conclusion: Our study provides evidence for an association between genetic polymorphisms in the CPT1A and the risk of GDM. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Serum perfluoroalkyl substances in relation to lipid metabolism in Chinese pregnant women; Laboratory and epidemiologic studies suggested that exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) could affect lipid metabolisms, but data remain limited for pregnant women. A total of 436 pregnant women were selected in Tangshan City, North China. Serum levels of 11 PFASs were determined in the early term of pregnancy. Four lipids (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)) were measured in the late term of pregnancy. Of 11 PFASs, seven had a detection rate of greater than 70%. After adjusting for potential confounders, natural log-transformed perfluororohexanesulfonic acid (ln PFHxS) was positively associated with TC (β: 0.184, 95% CI: 0.045–0.321), HDL (β: 0.040, 95% CI: 0.001–0.083), and LDL (β: 0.091, 95% CI: 0.001–0.185). Ln perfluoroundecanoic acid (PFUdA) was positively associated with HDL (β: 0.021, 95% CI: 0.001–0.044), while Ln perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA) was negatively associated with LDL (β: −0.053, 95% CI: −0.098∼-0.009) and ln perfluorootanoic acid (PFOA) was negatively associated with LDL/HDL (β: −0.042, 95% CI: −0.075∼-0.009). In principal component analysis, the component with a large loading of 31.3% for PFOA, perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), PFDA and PFUdA showed a negative association with LDL/HDL. After serum concentrations of PFASs were categorized into quartiles, a higher level of TC was seen in the second quartile of PFOA or PFNA than the first quartile, but a lower LDL/HDL ratio was seen in the fourth quartile of PFOA, PFUdA or PFDA. These results suggested that exposure to PFASs has a potential to influence lipid metabolisms in pregnant women. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Protein oxidation - Formation mechanisms, detection and relevance as biomarkers in human diseases; Generation of reactive oxygen species and related oxidants is an inevitable consequence of life. Proteins are major targets for oxidation reactions, because of their rapid reaction rates with oxidants and their high abundance in cells, extracellular tissues, and body fluids. Additionally, oxidative stress is able to degrade lipids and carbohydrates to highly reactive intermediates, which eventually attack proteins at various functional sites. Consequently, a wide variety of distinct posttranslational protein modifications is formed by protein oxidation, glycoxidation, and lipoxidation. Reversible modifications are relevant in physiological processes and constitute signaling mechanisms (“redox signaling”), while non-reversible modifications may contribute to pathological situations and several diseases. A rising number of publications provide evidence for their involvement in the onset and progression of diseases as well as aging processes. Certain protein oxidation products are chemically stable and formed in large quantity, which makes them promising candidates to become biomarkers of oxidative damage. Moreover, progress in the development of detection and quantification methods facilitates analysis time and effort and contributes to their future applicability in clinical routine. The present review outlines the most important classes and selected examples of oxidative protein modifications, elucidates the chemistry beyond their formation and discusses available methods for detection and analysis. Furthermore, the relevance and potential of protein modifications as biomarkers in the context of disease and aging is summarized. © 2021 The Author(s)
Mouse Spexin: (III) Differential Regulation by Glucose and Insulin in Glandular Stomach and Functional Implication in Feeding Control; Spexin (SPX), a neuropeptide with diverse functions, is a novel satiety factor in fish models and its role in feeding control has been recently confirmed in mammals. In mouse, food intake was shown to trigger SPX expression in glandular stomach with parallel rise in serum SPX and these SPX signals could inhibit feeding via central actions within the hypothalamus. However, the mechanisms for SPX regulation by food intake are still unclear. To examine the role of insulin signal caused by glucose uptake in SPX regulation, the mice were IP injected with glucose and insulin, respectively. In this case, serum SPX was elevated by glucose but not altered by insulin. Meanwhile, SPX transcript expression in the glandular stomach was up-regulated by glucose but the opposite was true for insulin treatment. Using in situ hybridization, the differential effects on SPX gene expression were located in the gastric mucosa of glandular stomach. Co-injection experiments also revealed that glucose stimulation on serum SPX and SPX mRNA expressed in glandular stomach could be blocked by insulin. In gastric mucosal cells prepared from glandular stomach, the opposite effects on SPX transcript expression by glucose and insulin could still be noted with similar blockade of the stimulatory effects of glucose by insulin. In this cell model, SPX gene expression induced by glucose was mediated by glucose uptake via GLUT, ATP synthesis by glycolysis/respiratory chain, and subsequent modulation of KATP channel activity, but the voltage-sensitive Ca2+ channels were not involved. The corresponding inhibition by insulin, however, was mediated by PI3K/Akt, MEK1/2/ERK1/2, and P38MAPK cascades coupled to insulin receptor but not IGF-1 receptor. Apparently, glucose uptake in mice can induce SPX expression in the glandular stomach through ATP synthesis via glucose metabolism and subsequent modification of KATP channel activity, which may contribute to SPX release into circulation to act as the satiety signal after food intake. The insulin rise caused by glucose uptake, presumably originated from the pancreas, may serve as a negative feedback to inhibit the SPX response by activating MAPK and PI3K/Akt pathways in the stomach. © Copyright © 2021 Chen, He, Lei, Ko, Lin, Bian and Wong.
A Pathophysiology of Type 2 Diabetes Unrelated to Metabolic Syndrome; Objective: Clinically, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is heterogeneous, but the prevailing pathophysiologic hypothesis nevertheless contends that components of metabolic syndrome are central to all cases of T2DM. Here, we re-evaluated this hypothesis. Research Design and Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 138 women from the monocenter, post gestational diabetes study PPSDiab, 73 of which had incident prediabetes or T2DM. Additionally, we examined all the 412 incident cases of T2DM in phases 3 to 9 of the Whitehall II study in comparison to healthy controls. Our analysis included a medical history, anthropometrics, oral glucose tolerance testing, and laboratory chemistry in both studies. Additional analyses from the PPSDiab Study consisted of cardiopulmonary exercise testing, magnetic resonance imaging, auto-Antibody testing, and the exclusion of glucokinase maturity-onset diabetes of the young. Results: We found that 33 (45%) of the women with prediabetes or T2DM in the PPSDiab study displayed no components of metabolic syndrome. They reached no point for metabolic syndrome in the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III score other than hyperglycemia and, moreover, had levels of liver fat content, plasma triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, c-reactive protein, and blood pressure that were comparable to healthy controls. In the Whitehall II study, 62 (15%) of the incident T2DM cases fulfilled the same criteria. In both studies, these cases without metabolic syndrome revealed insulin resistance and inadequately low insulin secretion. Conclusions: Our results contradict the hypothesis that components of metabolic syndrome are central to all cases of T2DM. Instead, they suggest the common occurrence of a second, unrelated pathophysiology.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Application of methane and hydrogen-based breath test in the study of gestational diabetes mellitus and intestinal microbes; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy. The purpose of this study was to compare the incidence of small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO) in patients with GDM and the control group by methane and hydrogen lactulose breath test (LBT), and to explore its relationship with inflammation, vitamins, and the outcomes of maternal and child. Methods: LBT was detected in 220 GDM patients, 160 pregnancy control patients and 160 pre-pregnancy control patients. The fasting blood glucose, white blood cells, vitamin A, D, E, neonatal weight, neonatal blood glucose and so on were compared and analyzed. Results: There was no statistical significance in the general data of the three groups. The proportion of abdominal distension in the GDM group was higher than that in the other two groups (P < 0.001). The positive rates of SIBO + in GDM group, gestational control group and pre-pregnancy control group were 54.55%, 27.50% and 14.38%, respectively. The average abundance of hydrogen and methane in GDM group was significantly higher than that in control group at each time point. In the GDM group, SIBO + subjects had higher levels of fasting blood glucose, glycoglycated hemoglobin, C-reactive protein, neonatal weight, and lower levels of vitamin D and neonatal blood glucose (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Patients with GDM have a high incidence of SIBO, and SIBO may further increase their blood glucose by affecting inflammatory response and vitamin level, and even affect the outcome of mother and child. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Health benefits related to tree nut consumption and their bioactive compounds; Long-term studies with regular tree nut consumption have indicated positive outcomes for multiple health benefits. Here, we review the beneficial effects of tree nuts, highlighting the impact on glucose modulation, body weight management, cardiovascular risk, inflammation, oxidative stress, cognitive performance, and gut microbiota. Nuts are important sources of nutrients and phytochemicals, which, together with a healthy lipid profile, could help prevent certain chronic diseases, protect against oxidative stress and inflammation, and improve cognitive performance, thus reducing the impact of aging and neurodegeneration. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Advances in clinical research on liver disease during pregnancy; According to the association between liver injury and pregnancy, liver diseases during pregnancy can be classified as pregnancy-specific liver diseases and liver diseases with pregnancy. Pregnancy-specific liver diseases refer to the liver diseases that only occur during pregnancy, while liver diseases with pregnancy refer to pregnancy with previous liver diseases. Due to the particularity of maternal and fetal health during pregnancy, the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases during pregnancy is challenging for both obstetricians and hepatologists. Rapid identification, diagnosis, and treatment of related diseases during pregnancy are very important for the prognosis of the mother and the fetus. This article summarizes and reviews the research advances in the epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical manifestations, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of liver diseases during pregnancy, in order to provide a reference for more clinicians. © 2021 Journal of Clinical Hepatology. All rights reserved.
Leveraging genomic associations in precision digital care for weight loss: Cohort study; Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the urgency of addressing an epidemic of obesity and associated inflammatory illnesses. Previous studies have demonstrated that interactions between single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and lifestyle interventions such as food and exercise may vary metabolic outcomes, contributing to obesity. However, there is a paucity of research relating outcomes from digital therapeutics to the inclusion of genetic data in care interventions. Objective: This study aims to describe and model the weight loss of participants enrolled in a precision digital weight loss program informed by the machine learning analysis of their data, including genomic data. It was hypothesized that weight loss models would exhibit a better fit when incorporating genomic data versus demographic and engagement variables alone. Methods: A cohort of 393 participants enrolled in Digbi Health's personalized digital care program for 120 days was analyzed retrospectively. The care protocol used participant data to inform precision coaching by mobile app and personal coach. Linear regression models were fit of weight loss (pounds lost and percentage lost) as a function of demographic and behavioral engagement variables. Genomic-enhanced models were built by adding 197 SNPs from participant genomic data as predictors and refitted using Lasso regression on SNPs for variable selection. Success or failure logistic regression models were also fit with and without genomic data. Results: Overall, 72.0% (n=283) of the 393 participants in this cohort lost weight, whereas 17.3% (n=68) maintained stable weight. A total of 142 participants lost 5% bodyweight within 120 days. Models described the impact of demographic and clinical factors, behavioral engagement, and genomic risk on weight loss. Incorporating genomic predictors improved the mean squared error of weight loss models (pounds lost and percent) from 70 to 60 and 16 to 13, respectively. The logistic model improved the pseudo R2 value from 0.193 to 0.285. Gender, engagement, and specific SNPs were significantly associated with weight loss. SNPs within genes involved in metabolic pathways processing food and regulating fat storage were associated with weight loss in this cohort: rs17300539_G (insulin resistance and monounsaturated fat metabolism), rs2016520_C (BMI, waist circumference, and cholesterol metabolism), and rs4074995_A (calcium-potassium transport and serum calcium levels). The models described greater average weight loss for participants with more risk alleles. Notably, coaching for dietary modification was personalized to these genetic risks. Conclusions: Including genomic information when modeling outcomes of a digital precision weight loss program greatly enhanced the model accuracy. Interpretable weight loss models indicated the efficacy of coaching informed by participants' genomic risk, accompanied by active engagement of participants in their own success. Although large-scale validation is needed, our study preliminarily supports precision dietary interventions for weight loss using genetic risk, with digitally delivered recommendations alongside health coaching to improve intervention efficacy. © Ranjan Sinha, Dashyanng Kachru, Roshni Ray Ricchetti, Simitha Singh-Rambiritch, Karthik Marimuthu Muthukumar, Vidhya Singaravel, Carmel Irudayanathan, Chandana Reddy-Sinha, Imran Junaid, Garima Sharma, Patricia Alice Francis-Lyon. Originally published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research (https://www.jmir.org), 19.05.2021. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work, first published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research, is properly cited. The complete bibliographic information, a link to the original publication on https://www.jmir.org/, as well as this copyright and license information must be included.
MicroRNA-mediated regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism; In animals, systemic control of metabolism is conducted by metabolic tissues and relies on the regulated circulation of a plethora of molecules, such as hormones and lipoprotein complexes. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a family of post-transcriptional gene repressors that are present throughout the animal kingdom and have been widely associated with the regulation of gene expression in various contexts, including virtually all aspects of systemic control of metabolism. Here we focus on glucose and lipid metabolism and review current knowledge of the role of miRNAs in their systemic regulation. We survey miRNA-mediated regulation of healthy metabolism as well as the contribution of miRNAs to metabolic dysfunction in disease, particularly diabetes, obesity and liver disease. Although most miRNAs act on the tissue they are produced in, it is now well established that miRNAs can also circulate in bodily fluids, including their intercellular transport by extracellular vesicles, and we discuss the role of such extracellular miRNAs in systemic metabolic control and as potential biomarkers of metabolic status and metabolic disease. © 2021, Springer Nature Limited.
Lotus (Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn.) leaf: A narrative review of its Phytoconstituents, health benefits and food industry applications; Background: Lotus (Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn.) is a water plant belonging to the family Nelumbonacea that is cultivated in many areas of the world, and it is mainly composed of petals, seeds, leaves, and roots. Among them, lotus leaves (also called “He-Ye”) are used as both food and herbal medicine for health-promoting effects because of their multiple nutritional and phytochemical profiles. Scope and approach: The aim of this review was to evaluate the scientific evidence for the health benefits of the Nelumbo nucifera leaves (NLEs) based on their pharmacokinetic properties. The nutritional properties of NLEs as well as the various applications in food products are presented. Key findings and conclusions: NLEs and the essential components show good pharmacokinetic properties, such as wide tissue distribution characteristics. A large body of evidence has highlighted the promising health-promoting activities of Nelumbinis Folium, including anti-diabetes, anti-obesity, anti-neurotic, anti-inflammation, anti-cancer, liver protection, etc. Additionally, industrial applications of NLEs as a food and food ingredient in meat products, egg and dairy products, pasta dishes, beverages, fruit preservation, rice and meat zong, food packaging membranes, and health products have been discussed. However, its therapeutic effectiveness and applications remain uncertain; thus, more studies and long-term clinical trials are recommended to obtain in-depth insights into its physio-chemical mechanisms, safety, and bio-effects. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Postpartum haemorrhage and risk of mental ill health: A population-based longitudinal study using linked primary and secondary care databases; There is a gap in the literature investigating the impact of obstetric complications on subsequent mental ill health outcomes. The aim of this study was to establish the association between post-partum haemorrhage (PPH) and mental ill health. We conducted a retrospective open cohort study utilizing linked primary care (The Health Improvement Network (THIN)) and English secondary care (Hospital Episode Statistics (HES)) databases, from January 1, 1990 to January 31, 2018. A total of 42,327 women were included: 14,109 of them were exposed to PPH during the study period and 28,218 unexposed controls were matched for age and date of delivery. Hazard ratios (HRs) for mental illness among women with and without exposure to PPH were estimated after controlling for covariates. Women who had had PPH were at an increased risk of developing postnatal depression (adjusted HR: 1·10, 95%CI: 1·01–1·21) and post–traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) (adjusted HR: 1·17, 95%CI: 0·73–1·89) compared to women unexposed to PPH. When restricting the follow–up to the first year after childbirth, the adjusted HR for PTSD was 3·44 (95% CI 1·31–9·03). No increase in the overall risk was observed for other mental illnesses, including depression (adjusted HR: 0·94, 95%CI: 0·87–1·01), severe mental illness (adjusted HR: 0·65, 95%CI: 0·40–1·08, p = 0·239) and anxiety (adjusted HR: 0·99, 95%CI: 0·90–1·09). PPH is associated with a significant increase in the risk of developing postnatal depression and PTSD in the first year after delivery. Active monitoring for mental illness should form an integral part of the follow–up in women who suffered a PPH. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Advances in technologies for highly active omega-3 fatty acids from krill oil: Clinical applications; Euphausia superba, commonly known as krill, is a small marine crustacean from the Antarctic Ocean that plays an important role in the marine ecosystem, serving as feed for most fish. It is a known source of highly bioavailable omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid). In preclinical studies, krill oil showed metabolic, anti-inflammatory, neuroprotective and chemo preventive effects, while in clinical trials it showed significant metabolic, vascular and ergogenic actions. Solvent extraction is the most conventional method to obtain krill oil. However, different solvents must be used to extract all lipids from krill because of the diversity of the polarities of the lipid compounds in the biomass. This review aims to provide an overview of the chemical composition, bioavailability and bioaccessibility of krill oil, as well as the mechanisms of action, classic and non-conventional extraction techniques, health benefits and current applications of this marine crustacean. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Early Predictors of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in IVF-Conceived Pregnancies; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. This study aimed to identify early and reliable GDM predictors that would enable implementation of preventive and management measures. Methods: The participants were a 28-week prospective cohort of in vitro fertilization (IVF)-conceived pregnant women (≤39 years, body mass index [BMI] 18.5-38 kg/m2) without a known history of diabetes mellitus. Fasting blood samples were analyzed at baseline (pre-IVF) and 12 weeks’ gestation for reproductive hormones, glucose, serum insulin, lipids, thyroid function, adiponectin, and lipopolysaccharide-binding protein. At 28 weeks, a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was used to screen for GDM. Results: For the overall group at baseline, 22% had BMI ≥30 kg/m2, 45% had polycystic ovary syndrome, 16% had hemoglobin A1C of 5.7% to 6.1%, and 14% had a past history of GDM. At 28 weeks of gestation (n = 158), 34 women had developed GDM and 124 had not. Significant baseline predictors of GDM onset included greater BMI (29.0 vs 25.8 kg/m2), older age (34 vs 32 years), higher levels of follicle-stimulating hormone/luteinizing hormone ratio (1.2 vs 1.0), hemoglobin A1C (5.5 vs 5.2%), insulin (10.6 vs 7.1 μIU/mL), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (2.2 vs 1.7), total cholesterol (199 vs 171 mg/dL), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (123 vs 105 mg/dL), and lower triglyceride levels (74 vs 76 mg/dL). Significant 12-week GDM predictors included greater maternal weight gain (delta: 3.4 vs 1.5 kg) and higher levels of insulin (11.3 vs 7.6 μIU/mL), triglycerides (178 vs 120 mg/dL), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (2.3 vs 1.5). Twelve-week BMI is a predictor of GDM following adjustment for polycystic ovary syndrome status and maternal age. Conclusion: While preconception maternal BMI, age, and follicle-stimulating hormone/luteinizing hormone ratio are predictors of subsequent development of GDM, early IVF-conceived gestational weight gain is the best predictor of GDM onset. © 2020 AACE
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Unique Opportunities for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association; This statement summarizes evidence that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age delivery, placental abruption, and pregnancy loss increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and of developing subsequent CVD (including fatal and nonfatal coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure). This statement highlights the importance of recognizing APOs when CVD risk is evaluated in women, although their value in reclassifying risk may not be established. A history of APOs is a prompt for more vigorous primordial prevention of CVD risk factors and primary prevention of CVD. Adopting a heart-healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting in the postpartum setting and continuing across the life span, are important lifestyle interventions to decrease CVD risk. Lactation and breastfeeding may lower a woman's later cardiometabolic risk. Black and Asian women experience a higher proportion APOs, with more severe clinical presentation and worse outcomes, than White women. More studies on APOs and CVD in non-White women are needed to better understand and address these health disparities. Future studies of aspirin, statins, and metformin may better inform our recommendations for pharmacotherapy in primary CVD prevention among women who have had an APO. Several opportunities exist for health care systems to improve transitions of care for women with APOs and to implement strategies to reduce their long-term CVD risk. One proposed strategy includes incorporation of the concept of a fourth trimester into clinical recommendations and health care policy. © 2021 American Heart Association, Inc.
Metabolic spectrum of liver failure in type 2 diabetes and obesity: From nafld to nash to hcc; Liver disease is the spectrum of liver damage ranging from simple steatosis called as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) to hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Clinically, NAFLD and type 2 diabetes coexist. Type 2 diabetes contributes to biological processes driving the severity of NAFLD, the primary cause for development of chronic liver diseases. In the last 20 years, the rate of non-viral NAFLD/NASH-derived HCC has been increasing rapidly. As there are currently no suitable drugs for treatment of NAFLD and NASH, a class of thiazolidinediones (TZDs) drugs for the treatment of type 2 diabetes is sometimes used to improve liver failure despite the risk of side effects. Therefore, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of the development and progression of NAFLD and NASH are important issues. In this review, we will discuss the pathogenesis of NAFLD/NASH and NAFLD/NASH-derived HCC and the current promising pharmacological therapies of NAFLD/NASH. Further, we will provide insights into “adipose-derived adipokines” and “liver-derived hepatokines” as diagnostic and therapeutic targets from NAFLD to HCC. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
How fragile are Mediterranean diet interventions? A research-on-research study of randomised controlled trials; Introduction The Mediterranean diet (MD) is a traditional regional dietary pattern and a healthy diet recommended for the primary and secondary prevention of various diseases and health conditions. Results from the higher level of primary evidence, namely randomised controlled trials (RCTs), are often used to produce dietary recommendations; however, the robustness of RCTs with MD interventions is unknown. Methods A systematic search was conducted and all MD RCTs with dichotomous primary outcomes were extracted from PubMed. The fragility (FI) and the reverse fragility index (RFI) were calculated for the trials with significant and non-significant comparisons, respectively. Results Out of 27 RCTs of parallel design, the majority failed to present a significant primary outcome, exhibiting an FI equal to 0. The median FI of the significant comparisons was 5, ranging between 1 and 39. More than half of the comparisons had an FI <5, indicating that the addition of 1-4 events to the treatment arm eliminated the statistical significance. For the comparisons with an FI=0, the RFI ranged between 1 and 29 (Median RFI: 7). When the included RCTs were stratified according to masking, the use of a composite primary endpoint, sample size, outcome category, or dietary adherence assessment method, no differences were exhibited in the FI and RFI between groups, except for the RFI among different compliance assessment methods. Conclusions In essence, the present study shows that even in the top tiers of evidence hierarchy, research on the MD may lack robustness, setting concerns for the formulation of nutrition recommendations.  © 2021 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
The impact of micronutrient deficiency on pregnancy complications and development origin of health and disease; Due to the spread of the western style diet, which is characterized by high intake of processed food, micronutrients (vitamins and minerals) deficiency is increasing in the Japanese population of all ages and genders. During pregnancy, the elevated demand for micronutrients put pregnant women at even higher risk of micronutrients deficiency. Some micronutrients are relatively famous such that women with reproductive age are recommended to take folic acid supplementation for the prevention of neural tube defect. However, it is not generally known that folate is also important for fetal growth throughout the pregnancy course and for prevention of pregnancy complications, and that pregnant women should continue to take supplementation during pregnancy and lactation. The types of micronutrients and the duration of supplementation are both important factors to maintain normal pregnancies. This review focused on four micronutrients that are commonly deficient in Japanese pregnant women, folate, vitamin B12, vitamin D, calcium, and magnesium. The detrimental effects of homocysteine accumulation associated with the above micronutrient defects and its link to catechol-o-methyltransferase insufficiency are described. We also discussed possible molecular mechanisms of pregnancy complications and the development origin of health and disease (DOHaD) regarding micronutrient deficiencies from the point of view of one carbon metabolism. © 2021 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Effects of whole-body adenylyl cyclase 5 (Adcy5) deficiency on systemic insulin sensitivity and adipose tissue; Genome-wide association studies have identified adenylyl cyclase type 5 (ADCY5) as candidate gene for diabetes-related quantitative traits and an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Mice with a whole-body deletion of Adcy5 (Adcy5–/–) do not develop obesity, glucose intolerance and insulin resistance, have improved cardiac function and increased longevity. Here, we investigated Adcy5 knockout mice (Adcy5–/–) to test the hypothesis that changes in adipose tissue (AT) may con-tribute to the reported healthier phenotype. In contrast to previous reports, we found that deletion of Adcy5 did not confer any physiological or biochemical benefits. However, this unexpected find-ing allowed us to investigate the effects of Adcy5 depletion on AT independently of lower body weight and a metabolically healthier phenotype. Adcy5–/– mice exhibited an increased number of smaller adipocytes, lower mean adipocyte size and a distinct AT gene expression pattern with mid-line 1 (Mid1) as the most significantly downregulated gene compared to control mice. Our Adcy5–/– model challenges previously described beneficial effects of Adcy5 deficiency and suggests that targeting Adcy5 does not improve insulin sensitivity and may therefore limit the relevance of ADCY5 as potential drug target. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus on coagulation and hemostasis; In patients with diabetes, metabolic disorders disturb the physiological balance of coagulation and fibrinolysis, leading to a prothrombotic state characterized by platelet hypersensitivity, coagulation disorders and hypofibrinolysis. Hyperglycemia and insulin resistance cause changes in platelet number and activation, as well as qualitative and/or quantitative modifications of coagula-tory and fibrinolytic factors, resulting in the formation of fibrinolysis‐resistant clots in patients with diabetes. Other coexisting factors like hypoglycemia, obesity and dyslipidemia also contribute to coagulation disorders in patients with diabetes. Management of the prothrombotic state includes antiplatelet and anticoagulation therapies for diabetes patients with either a history of cardiovascular disease or prone to a higher risk of thrombus generation, but current guidelines lack recommen-dations on the optimal antithrombotic treatment for these patients. Metabolic optimizations like glucose control, lipid‐lowering, and weight loss also improve coagulation disorders of diabetes pa-tients. Intriguing, glucose‐lowering drugs, especially cardiovascular beneficial agents, such as glu-cagon‐like peptide‐1 receptor agonists and sodium glucose co‐transporter inhibitors, have been shown to exert direct anticoagulation effects in patients with diabetes. This review focuses on the most recent progress in the development and management of diabetes related prothrombotic state. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Longdan Xiegan Tang attenuates liver injury and hepatic insulin resistance by regulating the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2/Ang (1–7)/Mas axis-mediated anti-inflammatory pathway in rats; Ethnopharmacological relevance: The ancient Chinese herbal formula Longdan Xiegan Tang (LXT, also called Gentiana Longdancao Decoction to Drain the Liver) treats insulin resistance- and inflammation-associated liver injuries in clinical practice. Aim of the study: To investigate the molecular mechanisms underlying LXT-elicited improvement of the liver injuries. Materials and methods: Male rats were co-treated with olanzapine (5 mg/kg) and LXT extract (50 and 500 mg/kg) for eight weeks. Blood parameters were determined enzymatically or by ELISA. Gene/protein expression was analyzed by Real-Time PCR, Western blot and/or immunohistochemistry. Results: LXT attenuated olanzapine-induced liver injury manifested by hyperactivities of plasma alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminostransferase, hyperbilirubinemia and hypoalbuminemia. Furthermore, LXT improved hepatic insulin resistance that was indicated by hyperinsulinemia, the increased HOMA-IR index, and hepatic over-phosphorylation of Ser307 in insulin receptor substrate (IRS)1, Ser731 in IRS2, Tyr607 in phosphoinositide 3-kinase p85α and Ser473 in AKT at baseline. Mechanistically, LXT inhibited olanzapine-triggered hepatic over-phosphorylation of both IκB kinase (IKK)α/β and nuclear factor (NF)κB p65 proteins, and mRNA overexpression of tumor necrosis factor α, interleukin 6, interleukin 1β and CD68. More importantly, LXT restored the decreases in angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein level, and its downstream targets Ang (1–7) content and Mas receptor expression. Conclusions: The present results demonstrate that LXT attenuates liver injury and hepatic insulin resistance by regulating the ACE2/Ang (1–7)/Mas axis-mediated anti-inflammatory pathway in rats. Our findings provide a better understanding of LXT for treatment of insulin resistance- and inflammation-associated liver injuries. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Nutrition, one-carbon metabolism and arsenic methylation; Exposure to arsenic (As) is a major public health concern globally. Inorganic As (InAs) undergoes hepatic methylation to form monomethyl (MMAs)- and dimethyl (DMAs)-arsenical species, facilitating urinary As elimination. MMAsIII is considerably more toxic than either InAsIII or DMAsV, and a higher proportion of MMAs in urine has been associated with risk for a wide range of adverse health outcomes. Efficiency of As methylation differs substantially between species, between individuals, and across populations. One-carbon metabolism (OCM) is a biochemical pathway that provides methyl groups for the methylation of As, and is influenced by folate and other micronutrients, such as vitamin B12, choline, betaine and creatine. A growing body of evidence has demonstrated that OCM-related micronutrients play a critical role in As methylation. This review will summarize observational epidemiological studies, interventions, and relevant experimental evidence examining the role that OCM-related micronutrients have on As methylation, toxicity of As, and risk for associated adverse health-related outcomes. There is fairly robust evidence supporting the impact of folate on As methylation, and some evidence from case-control studies indicating that folate nutritional status influences risk for As-induced skin lesions and bladder cancer. However, the potential for folate to be protective for other As-related health outcomes, and the potential beneficial effects of other OCM-related micronutrients on As methylation and risk for health outcomes are less well studied and warrant additional research. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Low-Level Environmental Heavy Metals are Associated with Obesity Among Postmenopausal Women in a Southern State; Both arsenic and cadmium are reported to be toxic to humans. The use of saliva as a biomarker of low-level exposures to these elements has not been adequately explored, and the putative relationship between exposure and obesity is unclear. This cross-sectional study aims to investigate the relationship between salivary arsenic and cadmium concentrations and their association with obesity. Arsenic and cadmium concentrations were analyzed in human saliva samples by Inductively Coupled Plasma-Mass Spectrometry on 270 randomly selected women who participated in the Arkansas Rural Community Health Study. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to evaluate the association between heavy metal concentrations and obesity. Stratified logistic regression was performed based on menopausal status. Generalized linear models were used to evaluate weight gain velocity. Significant positive associations were observed in postmenopausal women for both arsenic (OR = 4.43, 95% CI 1.91–10.28) and cadmium (OR = 2.72, 95% CI 1.23–5.99) concentrations, as well as significant trends among tertiles (p < 0.01 and p = 0.01, respectively). No relationship with obesity was evident among premenopausal women for either metal. A dose–response relationship was observed between increasing weight gain velocity and increasing metal concentrations. At concentrations well below governmental and industrial standards for acute toxicity, significant associations between obesity and concentration of these heavy metals are evident. The rate at which individuals gain weight is affected by metal concentrations and may play a role in the rapid increase in weight in postmenopausal women. These results might explain, in part, the missing variability in the increasing obesity pandemic in certain population exposed to these environmental toxicants. © 2021, The Author(s).
Micrornas: The link between the metabolic syndrome and oncogenesis; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a cluster of disorders that increase the risk of a plethora of conditions, in particular type two diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and certain types of cancers. MetS is a complex entity characterized by a chronic inflammatory state that implies dysregulations of adipokins and proinflammatory cytokins together with hormonal and growth factors imbalances. Of great interest is the implication of microRNA (miRNA, miR), non-coding RNA, in cancer genesis, progression, and metastasis. The adipose tissue serves as an important source of miRs, which represent a novel class of adipokines, that play a crucial role in carcinogenesis. Altered miRs secretion in the adipose tissue, in the context of MetS, might explain their implication in the oncogenesis. The interplay between miRs expressed in adipose tissue, their dysregulation and cancer pathogenesis are still intriguing, taking into consideration the fact that miRNAs show both carcinogenic and tumor suppressor effects. The aim of our review was to discuss the latest publications concerning the implication of miRs dysregulation in MetS and their significance in tumoral signaling pathways. Furthermore, we emphasized the role of miRNAs as potential target therapies and their implication in cancer progression and metastasis. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Intestinal Dysbiosis Correlates With Sirolimus-induced Metabolic Disorders in Mice; Background. Long-time use of pharmacological immunosuppressive agents frequently leads to metabolic disorders. Most studies have focused on islet toxicity leading to posttransplantation diabetes mellitus. In contrast, the link between intestinal dysbiosis and immunosuppressive drug-induced metabolic disorders remains unclear. Methods. We established a mouse model of metabolic abnormality via sirolimus treatment. Fecal microbiota was examined using 16S rRNA gene MiSeq sequencing. Intestinal barrier function was assessed using fluorescein isothiocyanate-dextran assay and mucus immunostaining. Systemic inflammation was determined using a multiplexed fluorescent bead-based immunoassay. Results. Sirolimus induced dyslipidemia and glucose intolerance in mice in a dose-dependent manner. Interestingly, the clinical-mimicking dose of sirolimus altered the intestinal microbiota community, which was characterized by the enrichment of Proteobacteria, depletion of Akkermansia, and potential function shifts to those involved in lipid metabolism and the immune system. In addition, the clinical-mimicking dose of sirolimus reduced the thickness of the intestinal mucosal layer, increased the intestinal permeability, and enriched the circulating pro-inflammatory factors, including interleukin (IL)-12, IL-6, monocyte chemotactic protein 1, granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor, and IL-1β. Our results showed a close association between intestinal dysbiosis, intestinal barrier failure, systemic inflammation, and metabolic disorders. Furthermore, we demonstrated that oral intervention in the gut microbiota by Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 protected against intestinal dysbiosis, especially by depleting the lipopolysaccharide-producing Proteobacteria, and attenuated the sirolimus-induced systemic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. Conclusions. Our study demonstrated a potentially causative role of intestinal dysbiosis in sirolimus-induced metabolic disorders, which will provide a novel therapeutic target for transplant recipients. © 2021 Authors. All rights reserved.
Metformin turns 62 in pharmacotherapy: Emergence of non-glycaemic effects and potential novel therapeutic applications; Metformin is the most commonly prescribed oral antidiabetic medication. Direct/indirect activation of Adenosine Monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and non-AMPK pathways, amongst others, are deemed to explain the molecular mechanisms of action of metformin. Metformin is an established insulin receptor sensitising antihyperglycemic agent, is highly affordable, and has superior safety and efficacy profiles. Emerging experimental and clinical evidence suggests that metformin has pleiotropic non-glycemic effects. Metformin appears to have weight stabilising, renoprotective, neuroprotective, cardio-vascular protective, and antineoplastic effects and mitigates polycystic ovarian syndrome. Anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects of metformin seem to qualify it as an adjunct therapy in treating infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, viral hepatitis, and the current novel Covid-19 infections. So far, metformin is the only prescription medicine relevant to the emerging field of senotherapeutics. Non-glycemic effects of metformin favourable to its repurposing in therapeutic use are hereby discussed. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
IMPACT OF NON-SURGICAL PERIODONTAL TREATMENT ON SERUM TNF-α LEVELS IN INDIVIDUALS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW AND META-ANALYSIS; Objective: The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to search for scientific evidence on the impact of non-surgical periodontal therapy on tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) in type 2 diabetics. Methods: The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses statement has been followed. The study was registered (CRD42020192790) in the International prospective register of systematic reviews. Searches were conducted in five databases. Restrictions on publication date were not imposed in anyway. The studies reporting the serum TNF-α levels of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) before and after non-surgical periodontal therapy were included. Studies’ selection, extraction of data and risk of bias assessment were performed in duplicate. Consensus was achieved. Meta-analysis was carried out. The 95% confidence interval and odds ratio were provided. Results: Six hundred and twenty-three references were retrieved and eighteen studies were included. Meta-analysis demonstrated that the serum levels of TNF-α in individuals with type 2 DM decreased six months after non-surgical periodontal therapy (mean difference = -1.90, confidence interval = -3.05–-0.74). Included studies presented low risk of bias. Conclusion: Non-surgical periodontal therapy has an impact on serum TNF-α levels at six months in type 2 DM patients. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Age at menarche, ideal cardiovascular health metrics, and risk of diabetes in adulthood: Findings from the REACTION study; Background: Age at menarche was reported to be associated with the risk of diabetes. However, the impact of ideal cardiovascular health metrics (ICVHMs) on the association between age at menarche and adulthood diabetes risk was unclear. Methods: We included 121 431 women from the nationwide, population-based cohort of the REACTION study (Risk Evaluation of Cancers in Chinese Diabetic Individuals: a Longitudinal Study). The diagnosis of diabetes was based on the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) measurement. Logistic regression and multiplicative interaction analysis were conducted to investigate the potential interaction effect between age at menarche and ICVHMs on the development of diabetes. Results: The multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of diabetes across categories of age at menarche (<14, 14-17, and > 17 years) were 1.22 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.17, 1.28), 1.00 (reference), and 0.89 (95% CI: 0.85, 0.93), respectively. In subgroup analysis, significant interactions were detected between total cholesterol/blood pressure levels and age at menarche regarding the risk of diabetes (P for interaction =.0091 and.0019, respectively). The increased risk associated with age at menarche <14 years was observed in participants with three or fewer ICVHMs, but not in women with four or more ICVHMs (P for interaction =.0001). Conclusions: Age at menarche was inversely associated with the risk of diabetes in adulthood in Chinese women, and it appeared to be modified by the presence of ICVHMs. Further studies are needed to clarify the precise interrelationship and the generalizability of our results. © 2020 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai JiaoTong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Tissue and circulating microRNAs as biomarkers of response to obesity treatment strategies; Background: Obesity, characterized by an increased amount of adipose tissue, is a metabolic chronic alteration which has reached pandemic proportion. Lifestyle changes are the first line therapy for obesity and a large variety of dietary approaches have demonstrated efficacy in promoting weight loss and improving obesity-related metabolic alterations. Besides diet and physical activity, bariatric surgery might be an effective therapeutic strategy for morbid obese patients. Response to weight-loss interventions is characterised by high inter-individual variability, which might involve epigenetic factors. microRNAs have critical roles in metabolic processes and their dysregulated expression has been reported in obesity. Aim: The aim of this review is to provide a comprehensive overview of current studies evaluating changes in microRNA expression in obese patients undergoing lifestyle interventions or bariatric surgery. Results: A considerable number of studies have reported a differential expression of circulating microRNAs before and after various dietary and bariatric surgery approaches, identifying several candidate biomarkers of response to weight loss. Significant changes in microRNA expression have been observed at a tissue level as well, with entirely different patterns between visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue. Interestingly, relevant differences in microRNA expression have emerged between responders and non-responders to dietary or surgical interventions. A wide variety of dysregulated microRNA target pathways have also been identified, helping to understand the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying obesity and obesity-related metabolic diseases. Conclusions: Although further research is needed to draw firm conclusions, there is increasing evidence about microRNAs as potential biomarkers for weight loss and response to intervention strategies in obesity. © 2020, The Author(s).
A smartphone app (TRIANGLE) to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women following gestational diabetes mellitus: Intervention mapping approach; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Behavioral interventions can reduce this risk, but current solutions insufficiently address the requirements for such a program. The systematic development of a scalable mobile health (mHealth) promotion program for mothers during the first years post-GDM may contribute to solving this problem. Objective: The aim of this project was to systematically plan and develop a theory- and evidence-based mHealth intervention to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women during the first 5 years post-GDM that meets women’s expected standards of commercial health apps. Methods: The intervention mapping steps 1 to 4 structured the systematic planning and development of the mHealth program described in this paper. Steps 1 and 2 led to a theory- and evidence-based logic model of change for cardiometabolic health. Based on this model, the prevention program was designed (step 3) and produced (step 4) in cooperation with industrial partners to ensure a high technological standard of the resulting smartphone app for the iPhone (Apple Inc). Step 4 included a user study with women during the first 5 years post-GDM once a beta version of the app (“TRIANGLE”) was available. The user study comprised 2 test rounds of 1 week (n=5) and 4 weeks (n=6), respectively. The tests included validated questionnaires on user acceptance, user logs, and think-alouds with semistructured interviews. Results: The novel TRIANGLE app is among the first self-paced smartphone apps for individual habit change in the 3 lifestyle areas of physical activity, nutrition, and psychosocial well-being. The 3 core features—a challenge system, human coaching, and a library—address 11 behavioral determinants with 39 behavior change methods to support lifestyle changes. Participants in the user study showed a high acceptance, high perceived quality, and high perceived impact of the TRIANGLE app on their health behaviors. Participants tested the app regularly, used it intuitively, and suggested improvements. We then adapted the TRIANGLE app according to the insights from the user study before the full TRIANGLE program production. Conclusions: The intervention mapping approach was feasible to plan and develop an innovative and scalable smartphone solution for women during the first 5 years post-GDM. The resulting TRIANGLE intervention has the potential to support behavior change for cardiometabolic disease prevention. However, the app needs further refinement and testing in clinical trials. Intervention mapping steps 5 (implementation plan) and 6 (evaluation plan) may support the integration of the TRIANGLE intervention into routine care. © Anne Lotte Potzel, Christina Gar, Jochen Seissler, Andreas Lechner.
Naringenin Attenuates Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease by Enhancing Energy Expenditure and Regulating Autophagy via AMPK; Background: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) keeps growing recently. Purpose: To investigate the effects and mechanisms of naringenin (NAR) on NAFLD. Methods: High-fat diet (HFD)-induced NAFLD rats were orally administered with NAR at 10, 30, and 90 mg/kg for 2 weeks. The serum level of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), glutamic-oxaloacetic transaminase (AST), and glutamic-pyruvic transaminase (ALT) was measured. The hepatic histology was detected by H&E and oil red O staining. L02 and Huh-7 cells were induced by sodium oleate to establish a NAFLD cell model. The effects of NAR on lipid accumulation were detected by oil red O staining. The glucose uptake and ATP content of 3T3-L1 adipocytes and C2C12 myotubes were measured. The expression of proteins of the AMPK signaling pathway in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and C2C12 myotubes was assessed by Western blotting. The mitochondrial biogenesis of 3T3-L1 adipocytes and C2C12 myotubes was measured by mitotracker orange staining and Western blotting. The biomarkers of autophagy were detected by Western blotting and immunofluorescence. The binding of NAR to AMPKγ1 was analyzed by molecular docking. Chloroquine and compound C were employed to block autophagic flux and AMPK, respectively. Results: NAR alleviated HFD-induced NAFLD in rats at 10, 30, and 90 mg/kg. NAR attenuated lipid accumulation in L02 and Huh-7 cells at 0.7, 2.2, 6.7, and 20 μM. NAR increased glucose uptake, decreased the ATP content, activated the CaMKKβ/AMPK/ACC pathway, and enhanced the mitochondrial biogenesis in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and C2C12 myotubes. NAR increased autophagy and promoted the initiation of autophagic flux in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and C2C12 myoblasts, while it inhibited autophagy in NAFLD rats, 3T3-L1 adipocytes, and C2C12 myotubes. Molecular docking showed that NAR binds to AMPKγ1. Compound C blocked effects of NAR on lipid accumulation and autophagy in L02 cells. Conclusion: NAR alleviates NAFLD by increasing energy expenditure and regulating autophagy via activating AMPK directly and indirectly. The direct binding of NAR and AMPKγ1 needs further validation. © Copyright © 2021 Yang, Wu, Zou, Wang, Xu, Huang, Yu, Zhang, Zhang and Sun.
Genome Editing Human Pluripotent Stem Cells to Model β-Cell Disease and Unmask Novel Genetic Modifiers; A mechanistic understanding of the genetic basis of complex diseases such as diabetes mellitus remain elusive due in large part to the activity of genetic disease modifiers that impact the penetrance and/or presentation of disease phenotypes. In the face of such complexity, rare forms of diabetes that result from single-gene mutations (monogenic diabetes) can be used to model the contribution of individual genetic factors to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and the breakdown of glucose homeostasis. Here we review the contribution of protein coding and non-protein coding genetic disease modifiers to the pathogenesis of diabetes subtypes, as well as how recent technological advances in the generation, differentiation, and genome editing of human pluripotent stem cells (hPSC) enable the development of cell-based disease models. Finally, we describe a disease modifier discovery platform that utilizes these technologies to identify novel genetic modifiers using induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) derived from patients with monogenic diabetes caused by heterozygous mutations. © Copyright © 2021 George, Leavens and Gadue.
Circulating adiponectin mediates the association between omentin gene polymorphism and cardiometabolic health in Asian Indians; Background Plasma omentin levels have been shown to be associated with circulating adiponectin concentrations and cardiometabolic disease-related outcomes. In this study, we aim to e×amine the association of omentin gene polymorphism with serum adiponectin levels and cardiometabolic health status using a genetic approach, and investigate whether these associations are modified by lifestyle factors. Methods The study included 945 normal glucose tolerant and 941 unrelated individuals with type 2 diabetes randomly selected from the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES), in southern India. Study participants were classified into cardiometabolically healthy and unhealthy, where cardiometabolically healthy were those without hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia. Fasting serum adiponectin levels were measured by radioimmunoassay. The omentin A326T (rs2274907) single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) was screened by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism and direct sequencing. Results The A allele of the omentin SNP was significantly associated with lower adiponectin concentrations after adjusting for age, se×, body mass inde× (BMI), waist circumference (WC) and cardiometabolic health status (p = 1.90 × 10-47). There was also a significant association between circulating adiponectin concentrations and cardiometabolic health status after adjusting for age, se×, BMI, WC and Omentin SNP (p = 7.47×10-10). However, after adjusting for age, se×, BMI, WC and adiponectin levels, the association of A allele with cardiometabolic health status disappeared (p = 0.79) suggesting that adiponectin serves as a mediator of the association between omentin SNP and cardiometabolic health status. There were no significant interactions between the SNP and dietary factors on adiponectin levels and cardiometabolic health status (p>0.25, for all comparisons). Conclusions Our findings show that adiponectin might function as a mechanistic link between omentin SNP and increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases independent of common and central obesity in Asian Indians. Before strategies to promote adiponectin modulation could be implemented, further studies are required to confirm the molecular mechanisms involved in this triangular relationship between omentin gene, adiponectin and cardiometabolic diseases. © 2021 Public Library of Science. All rights reserved.
Obesity at Age 6 Months Is Associated with Shorter Preschool Leukocyte Telomere Length Independent of Parental Telomere Length; Objective: To assess whether early modifiable dietary factors and obesity measures are associated with leukocyte telomere length at 3-5 years of age after controlling for the heritability of leukocyte telomere length in a prospective cohort of low-income Latina mothers and their children in San Francisco. Study design: We analyzed data from the Latinx, Eating and Diabetes cohort, a prospective study of 97 woman-infant dyads. We used linear regression models to evaluate associations between early dietary factors and obesity measures and child leukocyte telomere length at 3-5 years of age. Multivariable models included child age at the time of telomere collection, breastfeeding at 6 months (yes/no), obesity at 6 months, maternal education, child sex, and maternal and paternal leukocyte telomere length. Results: Data for 73 of the 97 children at 3-5 years of age were analyzed. Any breastfeeding at 6 months was positively associated (β = 0.14; P =.02) and obesity at 6 months was negatively associated (β = −0.21; P <.001) with leukocyte telomere length in bivariate analyses. In multivariable models including parental leukocyte telomere length, obesity at 6 months was associated with a shorter leukocyte telomere length at 3-5 years of age (β = −0.15; P =.02). Analyses of dietary factors showed high flavored milk consumption at 3 years of age was associated with shorter leukocyte telomere length after adjustment for possible confounders. Conclusions: In a low-income Latinx population, obesity at 6 months of age is negatively associated with cellular health at 3-5 years of age after controlling for genetic factors (parental leukocyte telomere length) associated with leukocyte telomere length. Early life obesity may be more deleterious for cellular health than obesity later in childhood. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Implications of scfas on the parameters of the lipid and hepatic profile in pregnant women; Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) are the product of the anaerobic intestinal bacterial fermentation of dietary fiber and resistant starch. An abnormal intestinal microbiota may cause a reduction in the production of SCFAs, which stimulate the development of intestinal epithelial cells, nourish en-terocytes, influence their maturation and proper differentiation, reduce the pH, and are an additional source of energy for the host. There have been reports of the special role of SCFAs in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy. Aim: The aim of the study was to analyze the correlation of SCFAs with lipid and hepatic metabolism during pregnancy in relation to the body weight of pregnant women. Material and methods: This study was conducted in pregnant women divided into two groups: Obese (OW—overweight and obese women; n = 48) and lean (CG—control group; n = 48) individuals. The biochemical plasma parameters of lipid metabolism (TG, CH, LDL, HDL), inflammation (CRP), and liver function (ALT, AST, GGT) were determined in all of the subjects. SCFA analysis was performed in the stool samples to measure acetic acid (C 2:0), propionic acid (C 3:0), isobutyric acid (C 4:0 i), butyric acid (C 4:0 n), isovaleric acid (C 5:0 i) valeric acid (C 5:0 n), isocaproic acid (C 6:0 i), caproic acid (C 6:0 n), and heptanoic acid (C 7:0). Results: Statistically significant differences in the concentrations of C 3:0 and C 6:0 n were found between women in the OW group compared to the CG group. The other SCFAs tested did not differ significantly depending on BMI. The C 2:0, C 3:0, and C 4:0 n ratios showed differences in both OW and CG groups. In the OW group, no relationship was observed between the concentrations of the SCFAs tested and CRP, ALT, AST. A surprising positive relationship between C 5:0 n and all fractions of the tested lipids and branched C 5:0 with CHL, HDL, and LDL was demonstrated. In the OW group, HDL showed a positive correlation with C 3:0. However, lower GGT concentrations were accompanied by higher C 4:0 and C 5:0 values, and this tendency was statistically significant. Conclusions: The results of our research show that some SCFAs are associated with hepatic lipid metabolism and CRP concentrations, which may vary with gestational weight. Obesity in pregnancy reduces the amount of SCFAs in the stool, and a decrease in the level of butyrate reduces liver function. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Associations of Early Pregnancy and Neonatal Circulating Folate, Vitamin B-12, and Homocysteine Concentrations with Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Children at 10 y of Age; Background: Higher circulating folate and vitamin B-12 concentrations and lower circulating homocysteine concentrations during pregnancy seem to be associated with fetal development. These micronutrients may also be associated with cardiometabolic health. Objective: We examined the associations of circulating folate, vitamin B-12, and homocysteine concentrations during pregnancy and in neonates with childhood cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods: This study was embedded in the Generation R Study, a population-based prospective cohort study from early pregnancy onward. We sampled blood in early pregnancy and cord blood. We measured cardiometabolic outcomes in the children at school age. Among 4449 children aged 10 y (median: 9.7; 95% range: 9.3, 10.7),we examined associations of plasma folate, serumvitamin B-12, and plasma homocysteine concentrations in early pregnancy and at birth with BMI, body fat distribution, heart rate, blood pressure, and insulin, glucose, and lipid concentrations, using linear regression models. Using logistic models, we examined the associations of these micronutrients with risks of overweight/obesity and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors. Results: One standard deviation score (SDS) higher maternal plasma folate concentration was associated with lower BMI (-0.04 SDS; 95% CI: -0.08, -0.01), android-to-gynoid fat ratio (-0.04 SDS; 95% CI: -0.07, -0.01), systolic blood pressure (-0.06 SDS; 95% CI: -0.10, -0.03), risk of overweight (OR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.96), and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors (OR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.68, 0.91). One SDS higher maternal serum total B-12 concentration was associated with lower glucose (-0.06 SDS; 95% CI: -0.10, -0.02) and higher HDL cholesterol concentrations (0.04 SDS; 95% CI: 0.00, 0.08). Cord blood folate, vitamin B-12, and homocysteine concentrations were not consistently associated with cardiometabolic outcomes. Conclusions: Subtle differences in circulating folate and vitamin B-12 concentrations in early pregnancy may be associated with child cardiometabolic health at age 10 y. The causality and mechanisms underlying these associations need further study. © 2021 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Silymarin is an ally against insulin resistance: A review; Silymarin is obtained from the Milk thistle plant Silybum marianum and has been used over the centuries to treat principally liver disease, although it has also been studied for its beneficial effects in cardioprotection, neuroprotection, immune modulation, and cancer among others. Importantly, silymarin's active component silybin is a flavonolignan that exhibits different activities such as; scavenger, anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and recently revealed, insulin-sensitizing properties which have been explored in clinical trials in patients with insulin resistance. In this review, we summarize the most relevant research of silymarin's effect on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, focusing the attention on insulin resistance, which is well known to play a crucial role in metabolic disease progression. © 2020 Fundación Clínica Médica Sur, A.C.
Nutrigenomics and nutrigenetics in metabolic-(Dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease: Novel insights and future perspectives; Metabolic-(dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) represents the predomi-nant hepatopathy and one of the most important systemic, metabolic-related disorders all over the world associated with severe medical and socio-economic repercussions due to its growing preva-lence, clinical course (steatohepatitis and/or hepatocellular-carcinoma), and related extra-hepatic comorbidities. To date, no specific medications for the treatment of this condition exist, and the most valid recommendation for patients remains lifestyle change. MAFLD has been associated with metabolic syndrome; its development and progression are widely influenced by the interplay between genetic, environmental, and nutritional factors. Nutrigenetics and nutrigenomics findings suggest nutrition’s capability, by acting on the individual genetic background and modifying the specific epigenetic expression as well, to influence patients’ clinical outcome. Besides, immunity response is emerging as pivotal in this multifactorial scenario, suggesting the interaction between diet, genetics, and immunity as another tangled network that needs to be explored. The present review describes the genetic background contribution to MAFLD onset and worsening, its possibility to be influenced by nutritional habits, and the interplay between nutrients and immunity as one of the most promising research fields of the future in this context. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Efficacy and Safety of the New Appetite Suppressant, Liraglutide: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Obesity is a chronic disease associated with metabolic diseases such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Since the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved liraglutide as an anti-obesity drug for nondiabetic patients in 2014, it has been widely used for weight control in overweight and obese people. This study aimed to systematically analyze the effects of liraglutide on body weight and other cardiometabolic parameters. Methods: We investigated articles from PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library to search randomized clinical trials that ex amined body weight changes with liraglutide treatment. Results: We included 31 studies with 8,060 participants for this meta-analysis. The mean difference (MD) between the liraglutide group and the placebo group was -4.19 kg (95% confidence interval [CI], -4.84 to -3.55), with a -4.16% change from the baseline (95% CI, -4.90 to -3.43). Liraglutide treatment correlated with a significantly reduced body mass index (MD: -1.55; 95% CI, -1.76 to -1.34) and waist circumference (MD: -3.11 cm; 95% CI, -3.59 to -2.62) and significantly decreased blood pressure (systolic blood pressure, MD: -2.85 mm Hg; 95% CI, -3.36 to -2.35; diastolic blood pressure, MD: -0.66 mm Hg; 95% CI, -1.02 to -0.30), glycated hemoglobin (MD: -0.40%; 95% CI, -0.49 to -0.31), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD: -2.91 mg/dL; 95% CI, -5.28 to -0.53; MD: -0.87% change from baseline; 95% CI, -1.17 to -0.56). Conclusion: Liraglutide is effective for weight control and can be a promising drug for cardiovascular protection in overweight and obese people. Copyright © 2021 Korean Endocrine Society.
Mechanism of fasting treatment to attenuate type 2 diabetes mellitus; Over the past 50 years,complications from diabetes mellitus,including blindness,kidney failure,amputations,heart attacks and strokes,have become a major cause of death. The main mechanism of diabetes mellitus is related to the intake of delicious and high-calorie refined food. Fasting treatment,as a non-pharmacological intervention,is of great significance in the treatment of metabolic diseases such as obesity and diabetes mellitus. In this paper,the mechanism of fasting treatment in type 2 diabetes mellitus is reviewed. © The Author(s) 2021.
Metabolomic biomarkers in gestational diabetes mellitus: A review of the evidence; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the fastest growing type of diabetes, affecting between 2 to 38% of pregnancies worldwide, varying considerably depending on diagnostic criteria used and sample population studied. Adverse obstetric outcomes include an increased risk of macrosomia, and higher rates of stillbirth, instrumental delivery, and birth trauma. Metabolomics, which is a platform used to analyse and characterise a large number of metabolites, is increasingly used to explore the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic conditions such as GDM. This review aims to summarise metabolomics studies in GDM (from inception to January 2021) in order to highlight prospective biomarkers for diagnosis, and to better understand the dysfunctional metabolic pathways underlying the condition. We found that the most commonly deranged pathways in GDM include amino acids (glutathione, alanine, valine, and serine), carbohydrates (2-hydroxybutyrate and 1,5-anhydroglucitol), and lipids (phosphatidylcholines and lysophosphatidylcholines). We also highlight the possibility of using certain metabolites as predictive markers for developing GDM, with the use of highly stratified modelling techniques. Limitations for metabolomic research are evaluated, and future directions for the field are suggested to aid in the integration of these findings into clinical practice. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Recent update on the molecular mechanisms of gonadal steroids action in adipose tissue; The gonadal steroids, including androgens, estrogens and progestogens, are involved in the control of body fat distribution in humans. Nevertheless, not only the size and localization of the fat depots depend on the sex steroids levels, but they can also highly affect the functioning of adipose tissue. Namely, the gonadocorticoids can directly influence insulin signaling, lipid metabolism, fatty acid uptake and adipokine production. They may also alter energy balance and glucose homeostasis in adipocytes in an indirect way, e.g., by changing the expression level of aquaglyceroporins. This work presents the recent advances in understanding the molecular mechanism of how the gonadal steroids influence the functioning of adipose tissue leading to a set of detrimental metabolic consequences. Special attention is given here to highlighting the sexual dimorphism of adipocyte functioning in terms of health and disease. Particularly, we discuss the molecular background of metabolic disturbances occurring in consequence of hormonal imbalance which is characteristic of some common endocrinopathies such as the polycystic ovary syndrome. From this perspective, we highlight the potential drug targets and the active substances which can be used in personalized sex-specific management of metabolic diseases, in accord with the patient’s hormonal status. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Nod1-targeted immunonutrition approaches: On the way from disease to health; Immunonutrition appears as a field with great potential in modern medicine. Since the immune system can trigger serious pathophysiological disorders, it is essential to study and implement a type of nutrition aimed at improving immune system functioning and reinforcing it individually for each patient. In this sense, the nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain-1 (NOD1), one of the members of the pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) family of innate immunity, has been related to numerous pathologies, such as cancer, diabetes, or cardiovascular diseases. NOD1, which is activated by bacterial-derived peptidoglycans, is known to be present in immune cells and to contribute to inflammation and other important pathways, such as fibrosis, upon recognition of its ligands. Since immunonutrition is a significant developing research area with much to discover, we propose NOD1 as a possible target to consider in this field. It is relevant to understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms that modulate the immune system and involve the activation of NOD1 in the context of immunonutrition and associated pathological conditions. Surgical or pharmacological treatments could clearly benefit from the synergy with specific and personalized nutrition that even considers the health status of each subject. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Chemerin in inflammatory diseases; Obesity is associated with a series of health problems. Adipocytes are a huge repository of energy as well as an important source of many adipokines. In obesity, adipocytes are dysfunctional with excessive production and secretion of pro-inflammatory adipokines, such as tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), leptin, and chemerin. Recent studies have revealed that chemerin plays an important role in modulating physiologic as well as pathophysiologic processes. For example, chemerin stimulates maturation and differentiation of pre-adipocytes, acts as a chemoattractant and facilitates innate and acquired immunity. Furthermore, chemerin participates in the early stage of acute inflammation by reacting with the ChemR23 receptor. In various inflammatory diseases, the serum chemerin is significantly increased. Additionally, chemerin is also considered as an important biomarker for benign and malignant tumors. Thus, elucidating the pathologic mechanisms of chemerin action may facilitate the development of new therapeutic modalities to treat diverse inflammatory diseases. In this review, we summarize current knowledge of chemerin and its role as an important regulator in modulating various inflammatory diseases. Mechanisms underlying chemerin function in diverse diseases are explored to better understand its biochemistry and mechanisms of action. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
NADH/NAD+ redox imbalance and diabetic kidney disease; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a common and severe complication of diabetes mellitus. If left untreated, DKD can advance to end stage renal disease that requires either dialysis or kidney replacement. While numerous mechanisms underlie the pathogenesis of DKD, oxidative stress driven by NADH/NAD+ redox imbalance and mitochondrial dysfunction have been thought to be the major pathophysiological mechanism of DKD. In this review, the pathways that increase NADH generation and those that decrease NAD+ levels are overviewed. This is followed by discussion of the consequences of NADH/NAD+ redox imbalance including disruption of mitochondrial homeostasis and function. Approaches that can be applied to counteract DKD are then discussed, which include mitochondria-targeted antioxidants and mimetics of superoxide dismutase, caloric restriction, plant/herbal extracts or their isolated compounds. Finally, the review ends by pointing out that future studies are needed to dissect the role of each pathway involved in NADH-NAD+ metabolism so that novel strategies to restore NADH/NAD+ redox balance in the diabetic kidney could be designed to combat DKD. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Autoregulation of insulin receptor signaling through MFGE8 and the αvβ5 integrin; The role of integrins, in particular αv integrins, in regulating insulin resistance is incompletely understood. We have previously shown that the αvβ5 integrin ligand milk fat globule epidermal growth factor like 8 (MFGE8) regulates cellular uptake of fatty acids. In this work, we evaluated the impact of MFGE8 on glucose homeostasis. We show that acute blockade of the MFGE8/β5 pathway enhances while acute augmentation dampens insulin-stimulated glucose uptake. Moreover, we find that insulin itself induces cell-surface enrichment of MFGE8 in skeletal muscle, which then promotes interaction between the αvβ5 integrin and the insulin receptor leading to dampening of skeletal-muscle insulin receptor signaling. Blockade of the MFGE8/β5 pathway also enhances hepatic insulin sensitivity. Our work identifies an autoregulatory mechanism by which insulin-stimulated signaling through its cognate receptor is terminated through up-regulation of MFGE8 and its consequent interaction with the αvβ5 integrin, thereby establishing a pathway that can potentially be targeted to improve insulin sensitivity. © 2021 National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Epigenetics, microrna and metabolic syndrome: A comprehensive review; Epigenetics refers to the DNA chemistry changes that result in the modification of gene transcription and translation independently of the underlying DNA coding sequence. Epigenetic modifications are reported to involve various molecular mechanisms, including classical epigenetic changes affecting DNA methylation and histone modifications and small RNA-mediated processes, particularly that of microRNAs. Epigenetic changes are reversible and are closely interconnected. They are recognised to play a critical role as mediators of gene regulation, and any alteration in these mechanisms has been identified to mediate various pathophysiological conditions. Moreover, genetic predisposition and environmental factors, including dietary alterations, lifestyle or metabolic status, are identified to interact with the human epigenome, highlighting the importance of epigenetic factors as underlying processes in the aetiology of various diseases such as MetS. This review will reflect on how both the classical and microRNA-regulated epigenetic changes are associated with the pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome. We will then focus on the various aspects of epigenetic-based strategies used to modify MetS outcomes, including epigenetic diet, epigenetic drugs, epigenome editing tools and miRNA-based therapies. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus in alzheimer’s disease; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a progressive disease that is characterized by the appearance of insulin resistance. The term insulin resistance is very wide and could affect different proteins involved in insulin signaling, as well as other mechanisms. In this review, we have analyzed the main molecular mechanisms that could be involved in the connection between type 2 diabetes and neurodegeneration, in general, and more specifically with the appearance of Alzheimer’s disease. We have studied, in more detail, the different processes involved, such as inflammation, endoplasmic reticulum stress, autophagy, and mitochondrial dysfunction. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Brown adipose tissue: New challenges for prevention of childhood obesity. A narrative review; Pediatric obesity remains a challenge in modern society. Recently, research has focused on the role of the brown adipose tissue (BAT) as a potential target of intervention. In this review, we revised preclinical and clinical works on factors that may promote BAT or browning of white adipose tissue (WAT) from fetal age to adolescence. Maternal lifestyle, type of breastfeeding and healthy microbiota can affect the thermogenic activity of BAT. Environmental factors such as exposure to cold or physical activity also play a role in promoting and activating BAT. Most of the evidence is preclinical, although in clinic there is some evidence on the role of omega-3 PUFAs (EPA and DHA) supplementation on BAT activation. Clinical studies are needed to dissect the early factors and their modulation to allow proper BAT development and functions and to prevent onset of childhood obesity. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Crosstalk of magnesium and serum lipids in dyslipidemia and associated disorders: A systematic review; Dyslipidemia is a significant threat to public health worldwide and the identification of its pathogenic mechanisms, as well as novel lipid-lowering agents, are warranted. Magnesium (Mg) is a key element to human health and its deficiency has been linked to the development of lipid abnormalities and related disorders, such as the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus, or cardiovascular disease. In this review, we explored the associations of Mg (dietary intake, Mg concentrations in the body) and the lipid profile, as well as the impact of Mg supplementation on serum lipids. A systematic search was computed in PubMed/MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library and 3649 potentially relevant papers were detected and screened (n = 3364 following the removal of duplicates). After the removal of irrelevant manuscripts based on the screening of their titles and abstracts (n = 3037), we examined the full-texts of 327 original papers. Finally, after we applied the exclusion and inclusion criteria, a number of 124 original articles were included in this review. Overall, the data analyzed in this review point out an association of Mg concentrations in the body with serum lipids in dyslipidemia and related disorders. However, further research is warranted to clarify whether a higher intake of Mg from the diet or via supplements can influence the lipid profile and exert lipid-lowering actions. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Annual advances of integrative pharmacology in 2020; Major studies on the pharmacology of traditional herbs as well as active compounds have been introduced in this review over the previous 12 months. This annual integrative pharmacology review includes the reports published in 2020 on bioactive herbal extracts and novel compounds in traditional medicine. Pharmacological reports on traditional herbs as well as their active compounds for anticancer, inflammation, and metabolic diseases occupy dominant positions. Traditional medicines are still widely reported as a crucial treatment to exhibit anticancer efficacy in numerous human cancer cells. Moreover, the focus on the discovery of bioactive compounds from traditional medicines against mental disorders and neurodegenerative diseases seems to increase. The reports on bone loss and organ fibrosis treatments have notably gradually increased. Furthermore, studies of traditional herbs on cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases show a declining trend. These pharmacological reports in 2020 collectively show several crucial therapeutic targets and promising candidate compounds from traditional medicines for human diseases. © 2021 By Authors. Published by TMR Publishing Group Limited. This is an open access article under the CC-BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/BY/4.0/).
DNA Methylation Patterning and the Regulation of Beta Cell Homeostasis; Pancreatic beta cells play a central role in regulating glucose homeostasis by secreting the hormone insulin. Failure of beta cells due to reduced function and mass and the resulting insulin insufficiency can drive the dysregulation of glycemic control, causing diabetes. Epigenetic regulation by DNA methylation is central to shaping the gene expression patterns that define the fully functional beta cell phenotype and regulate beta cell growth. Establishment of stage-specific DNA methylation guides beta cell differentiation during fetal development, while faithful restoration of these signatures during DNA replication ensures the maintenance of beta cell identity and function in postnatal life. Lineage-specific transcription factor networks interact with methylated DNA at specific genomic regions to enhance the regulatory specificity and ensure the stability of gene expression patterns. Recent genome-wide DNA methylation profiling studies comparing islets from diabetic and non-diabetic human subjects demonstrate the perturbation of beta cell DNA methylation patterns, corresponding to the dysregulation of gene expression associated with mature beta cell state in diabetes. This article will discuss the molecular underpinnings of shaping the islet DNA methylation landscape, its mechanistic role in the specification and maintenance of the functional beta cell phenotype, and its dysregulation in diabetes. We will also review recent advances in utilizing beta cell specific DNA methylation patterns for the development of biomarkers for diabetes, and targeting DNA methylation to develop translational approaches for supplementing the functional beta cell mass deficit in diabetes. © Copyright © 2021 Parveen and Dhawan.
Association between nonalcoholic fatty liver and increased low-level albuminuria in postmenopausal women in China: A cross-sectional study; Background: Several studies have suggested that nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD). The excretion of low-level albuminuria (LLA) elevates as the prevalence of CVD increases. However, few studies have explored the association between NAFLD and LLA. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 31 147 Chinese adults (7664 men and 23 483 women). The “normal” level of albuminuria as determined by the urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) was below 30 mg/g. LLA was defined as a higher level within the “normal” albuminuria range (5.54 mg/g < LLA≤29.9 mg/g). The participants with NAFLD were defined as having a fatty liver index (FLI) ≥ 60. The FLI was calculated using the Bedogni equation. Results: A positive association was found between UACR and FLI through multivariate linear regression analyses (nonstandardized β ± SE:.047 ± 0.004, P <.001). The logistic regression analyses revealed that NAFLD had adjusted odds ratios (ORs) showing a significant relationship with LLA in models 1 to 4 (all subjects: OR, 1.207; 95% CI, 1.098-1.326; women: OR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.26-1.63; all P <.001); however, we did not find significant adjusted ORs among the men. In the stratified analyses, the relationship between NAFLD and LLA was significant among postmenopausal women with a body mass index ≥24 but <28 kg/m2, fasting plasma glucose ≥5.6 but <7.0 mmol/L, or postprandial plasma glucose ≥7.8 but <11.1 mmol/L and those aged below 60 years without moderate-intensity exercise. Conclusions: A noteworthy association between NAFLD and LLA was found among postmenopausal women who had borderline blood glucose values, were overweight, and did not engage in moderate-intensity physical activity. © 2020 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Gut microbiota dysbiosis in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: An observational study; BACKGROUND Gut microbiota dysbiosis is reportedly actively involved in autoimmune diseases such as type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). However, the alterations in the gut microbiota and their correlation with fasting blood glucose (FBG) in Chinese children with T1DM remain unclear. AIM To investigate alterations in the gut microbiota in Chinese children with T1DM and their associations with clinical indicators. METHODS Samples from 51 children with T1DM and 47 age-matched and gender-matched healthy controls were obtained, to explore the structural and functional alterations in the fecal microbiota. The V3-V4 regions of the 16S rRNA gene were sequenced on a MiSeq instrument, and the association with FBG were analyzed. RESULTS We found that the bacterial diversity was significantly increased in the T1DMassociated fecal microbiota, and changes in the microbial composition were observed at different taxonomic levels. The T1DM-reduced differential taxa, such as Bacteroides vulgatus ATCC8482, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides xylanisolvens, and Flavonifractor plautii, were negatively correlated with FBG, while the T1DMenriched taxa, such as Blautia, Eubacterium hallii group, Anaerostipes hadrus, and Dorea longicatena, were positively correlated with FBG. Bacteroides vulgatus ATCC8482, Bacteroides ovatus, the Eubacterium hallii group, and Anaerostipes hadrus, either alone or in combination, could be used as noninvasive diagnostic biomarkers to discriminate children with T1DM from healthy controls. In addition, the functional changes in the T1DM-associated fecal microbiota also suggest that these fecal microbes were associated with altered functions and metabolic activities, such as glycan biosynthesis and metabolism and lipid metabolism, which might play vital roles in the pathogenesis and development of T1DM. CONCLUSION Our present comprehensive investigation of the T1DM-associated fecal microbiota provides novel insights into the pathogenesis of the disease and sheds light on the diagnosis and treatment of T1DM. &copy; 2021 The Author(s). Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved. © 2021 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
The Role of Central Neurotensin in Regulating Feeding and Body Weight; The small peptide neurotensin (Nts) is implicated in myriad processes including analgesia, thermoregulation, reward, arousal, blood pressure, and modulation of feeding and body weight. Alterations in Nts have recently been described in individuals with obesity or eating disorders, suggesting that disrupted Nts signaling may contribute to body weight disturbance. Curiously, Nts mediates seemingly opposing regulation of body weight via different tissues. Peripherally acting Nts promotes fat absorption and weight gain, whereas central Nts signaling suppresses feeding and weight gain. Thus, because Nts is pleiotropic, a location-based approach must be used to understand its contributions to disordered body weight and whether the Nts system might be leveraged to improve metabolic health. Here we review the role of Nts signaling in the brain to understand the sites, receptors, and mechanisms by which Nts can promote behaviors that modify body weight. New techniques permitting site-specific modulation of Nts and Nts receptor-expressing cells suggest that, even in the brain, not all Nts circuitry exerts the same function. Intriguingly, there may be dedicated brain regions and circuits via which Nts specifically suppresses feeding behavior and weight gain vs other Nts-attributed physiology. Defining the central mechanisms by which Nts signaling modifies body weight may suggest strategies to correct disrupted energy balance, as needed to address overweight, obesity, and eating disorders.  © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Perilipin 2 downregulation in β cells impairs insulin secretion under nutritional stress and damages mitochondria; Perilipin 2 (PLIN2) is a lipid droplet (LD) protein in β cells that increases under nutritional stress. Downregulation of PLIN2 is often sufficient to reduce LD accumulation. To determine whether PLIN2 positively or negatively affects β cell function under nutritional stress, PLIN2 was downregulated in mouse β cells, INS1 cells, and human islet cells. β Cell–specific deletion of PLIN2 in mice on a high-fat diet reduced glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) in vivo and in vitro. Downregulation of PLIN2 in INS1 cells blunted GSIS after 24-hour incubation with 0.2 mM palmitic acid. Downregulation of PLIN2 in human pseudoislets cultured at 5.6 mM glucose impaired both phases of GSIS, indicating that PLIN2 is critical for GSIS. Downregulation of PLIN2 decreased specific OXPHOS proteins in all 3 models and reduced oxygen consumption rates in INS1 cells and mouse islets. Moreover, we found that PLIN2-deficient INS1 cells increased the distribution of a fluorescent oleic acid analog to mitochondria and showed signs of mitochondrial stress, as indicated by susceptibility to fragmentation and alterations of acyl-carnitines and glucose metabolites. Collectively, PLIN2 in β cells has an important role in preserving insulin secretion, β cell metabolism, and mitochondrial function under nutritional stress. © 2021, Mishra et al.
The emerging roles of chromogranins and derived polypeptides in atherosclerosis, diabetes, and coronary heart disease; Chromogranin A (CgA), B (CgB), and C (CgC), the family members of the granin glycoproteins, are associated with diabetes. These proteins are abundantly expressed in neurons, endocrine, and neuroendocrine cells. They are also present in other areas of the body. Patients with diabetic retinopathy have higher levels of CgA, CgB, and CgC in the vitreous humor. In addition, type 1 diabetic patients have high CgA and low CgB levels in the circulating blood. Plasma CgA levels are increased in patients with hypertension, coronary heart disease, and heart failure. CgA is the precursor to several functional peptides, including catestatin, vasostatin-1, vasostatin-2, pancreastatin, chromofungin, and many others. Catestatin, vasostain-1, and vasostatin-2 suppress the expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in human vascular endothelial cells. Catestatin and vasostatin-1 suppress oxidized low-density lipoprotein-induced foam cell formation in human macrophages. Catestatin and vasostatin-2, but not vasostatin-1, suppress the proliferation and these three peptides suppress the migration in human vascular smooth mus-cles. Chronic infusion of catestatin, vasostatin-1, or vasostatin-2 suppresses the development of atherosclerosis of the aorta in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice. Catestatin, vasostatin-1, vasostatin-2, and chromofungin protect ischemia/reperfusion-induced myocardial dysfunction in rats. Since pancreastatin inhibits insulin secretion from pancreatic β-cells, and regulates glucose metabolism in liver and adipose tissues, pancreastatin inhibitor peptide-8 (PSTi8) improves insulin resistance and glucose homeostasis. Catestatin stimulates therapeutic angiogenesis in the mouse hind limb ischemia model. Gene therapy with secretoneurin, a CgC-derived peptide, stimulates postischemic neovascularization in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice and streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice, and improves diabetic neuropathy in db/db mice. Therefore, CgA is a biomarker for atherosclerosis, diabetes, hypertension, and coronary heart disease. CgA-and CgC–derived polypeptides provide the therapeutic target for atherosclerosis and ischemia-induced tissue damages. PSTi8 is useful in the treatment of diabetes. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Epigenetics of Hepatic Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance (IR) is largely recognized as a unifying feature that underlies metabolic dysfunction. Both lifestyle and genetic factors contribute to IR. Work from recent years has demonstrated that the epigenome may constitute an interface where different signals may converge to promote IR gene expression programs. Here, we review the current knowledge of the role of epigenetics in hepatic IR, focusing on the roles of DNA methylation and histone post-translational modifications. We discuss the broad epigenetic changes observed in the insulin resistant liver and its associated pathophysiological states and leverage on the wealth of ‘omics’ studies performed to discuss efforts in pinpointing specific loci that are disrupted by these changes. We envision that future studies, with increased genomic resolution and larger cohorts, will further the identification of biomarkers of early onset hepatic IR and assist the development of targeted interventions. Furthermore, there is growing evidence to suggest that persistent epigenetic marks may be acquired over prolonged exposure to disease or deleterious exposures, highlighting the need for preventative medicine and long-term lifestyle adjustments to avoid irreversible or long-term alterations in gene expression. © Copyright © 2021 Maude, Sanchez-Cabanillas and Cebola.
Dietary anthocyanin-rich extract of açai protects from diet-induced obesity, liver steatosis, and insulin resistance with modulation of gut microbiota in mice; Objective: Açai is a rich source of anthocyanins and has been used as a dietary supplement and as an active pharmaceutical ingredient. Growing evidence indicates that host-microbial interactions played a vital role in the host metabolism. The aim of this study was to investigate the anthocyanin-rich extract of açai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) fruit (AEA) regarding its antiobesity activity and gut microbiota-modulating effect. Methods: Thirty-six male SPF C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into three groups and fed a low-fat diet, high-fat diet, or a high-fat diet supplemented with AEA for 14 wk. The antiobesity effect of AEA was evaluated, and the microbial changes were analyzed by 16S rRNA sequencing. Spearman correlation analysis was used to determine the correlations between gut microbiota and obesity-related indicators. Results: The results showed that AEA treatment alleviated HFD-induced obesity, hepatic steatosis, and insulin resistance. Moreover, AEA supplement changed the structure of the gut microbiota, and significantly enriched Akkermansia muciniphila, which was negatively correlated with the physical biomarkers (e.g., serum glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerols) and the genes involved in lipid metabolism. Conclusion: AEA alleviated high-fat diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis. The microbial changes may be one of the potential mechanisms for AEA in improving obesity and obesity-related disorders. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Dietary Blueberry and Soluble Fiber Supplementation Reduces Risk of Gestational Diabetes in Women with Obesity in a Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern and maternal obesity and poor dietary intakes could be implicated. Dietary polyphenols and fiber mitigate the risk of diabetes and its complications, but little is known about their efficacy in preventing GDM. Objectives: We examined the effects of whole blueberry and soluble fiber supplementation on primary outcomes of cardiometabolic profiles in women at high risk of developing GDM. Methods: Women (n = 34; mean ± SD age: 27 ± 5 y; BMI: 35.5 ± 4.0 kg/m2; previous history of GDM ∼56%; Hispanic ∼79%) were recruited in early pregnancy (<20 weeks of gestation) and randomly assigned to 1 of the following 2 groups for 18 wk: Intervention (280 g whole blueberries and 12 g soluble fiber per day) and standard prenatal care (control). Both groups received nutrition education and maintained 24-h food recalls throughout the study. Data on anthropometrics, blood pressure, and blood samples for biochemical analyses were collected at baseline (<20 weeks), midpoint (24-28 weeks), and end (32-36 weeks) of gestation. Diagnosis of GDM was based on a 2-step glucose challenge test (GCT). Data were analyzed using a mixed-model ANOVA. Results: Maternal weight gain was significantly lower in the dietary intervention than in the control group at the end of the trial (mean ± SD: 6.8 ± 3.2 kg compared with 12.0 ± 4.1 kg, P = 0.001). C-reactive protein was also lower in the intervention than in the control group (baseline: 6.1 ± 4.0 compared with 6.8 ± 7.2 mg/L; midpoint: 6.1 ± 3.7 compared with 7.5 ± 7.3 mg/L; end: 5.5 ± 2.2 compared with 9.5 ± 6.6 mg/L, respectively, P = 0.002). Blood glucose based on GCT was lower in the intervention than in the control (100 ± 33 mg/dL compared with 131 ± 40 mg/dL, P < 0.05). Conventional lipids (total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol and triglycerides) did not differ between groups over time. No differences were noted in infant birth weight. Conclusions: Whole blueberry and soluble fiber supplementation may prevent excess gestational weight gain and improve glycemic control and inflammation in women with obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03467503.  © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Chrysin Improves Glucose and Lipid Metabolism Disorders by Regulating the AMPK/PI3K/AKT Signaling Pathway in Insulin-Resistant HepG2 Cells and HFD/STZ-Induced C57BL/6J Mice; Natural products with minor side effects have been reported to be an effective adjuvant therapy for glucose and lipid metabolism disorders. Chrysin, a flavone, has a wide range of physiological effects, such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-diabetes, anti-hyperlipidemia, and hepatoprotective. This study was designed to explore the effects and mechanism of chrysin on metabolic syndrome using insulin-resistant HepG2 cells and HFD/STZ-induced C57BL/6J mice. The results indicated that chrysin significantly decreased insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation, and liver injury. In addition, chrysin improved glycogen synthesis and fatty acid oxidation and inhibited gluconeogenesis and fatty acid synthesis by regulating GSK3β, G6Paes, PEPCK, SREBP1, FAS, and ACC1. Furthermore, the results of western blot and real-time PCR experiments demonstrated that chrysin modulated glucose and lipid metabolism through the AMPK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. Treatment with the AMPK inhibitor verified that AMPK activation is positively correlated with chrysin activity on glycolipid metabolism. This study confirms that chrysin is a potential treatment for glucose and lipid metabolism disorders. © 2021 American Chemical Society.
Chemokines in Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes: A Meta-Analysis; Background: A growing number of studies found inconsistent results on the role of chemokines in the progression of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and prediabetes (PDM). The purpose of this meta-analysis was to summarize the results of previous studies on the association between the chemokines system and T2DM/PDM. Methods: We searched in the databases, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase and Cochrane Library, for eligible studies published not later than March 1, 2020. Data extraction was performed independently by 2 reviewers, on a standardized, prepiloted form. Group differences in chemokines concentrations were summarized using the standardized mean difference (SMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI), calculated by performing a meta-analysis using the random-effects model. Results: We identified 98 relevant studies that investigated the association between 32 different chemokines and T2DM/PDM. Altogether, these studies involved 14,708 patients and 14,574 controls. Results showed that the concentrations of CCL1, CCL2, CCL4, CCL5, CCL11, CXCL8, CXCL10 and CX3CL1 in the T2DM patients were significantly higher than that in the controls, while no difference in these concentrations was found between the PDM patients and controls. Conclusion: Progression of T2DM may be associated with elevated concentrations of chemokines. Meta-Analysis Registration: PROSPERO, identifier CRD42019148305. © Copyright © 2021 Pan, Kaminga, Wen and Liu.
Lower levels of irisin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis; Aims: This study aimed to provide evidence on the levels of circulating irisin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A meta-analysis was conducted to compare the irisin levels in patients with T2DM with the levels in control patients. PubMed, Embase, CENTRAL databases, and other sources were searched from inception through September 2020. Review manager software version 5.4 was used to calculate the pooled outcomes. Heterogeneity was measured using I2 statistics. Results: Twenty-six studies involving 3667 participants met the inclusion criteria and were analyzed in this study. We found that irisin levels were significantly lower in patients with T2DM [Standard (Std.) Mean Difference, −1.02; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), −1.37 to −0.67; p < 0.00001]. Sensitivity analysis confirmed the robustness of this result (Std. Mean Difference, −0.56; 95% CI, −0.73 to −0.39; p < 0.00001). Conclusions: As compared to the control group and irrespective of differences in ethnicities, age groups, study designs, blood samples, sample sizes, language used for the study, or ELISA kits, lower levels of irisin were observed in patients with T2DM. © 2021
Sodium acetate ameliorated systemic and renal oxidative stress in high-fructose insulin-resistant pregnant Wistar rats; Pregnancy is an insulin-resistant condition especially at near term predisposing maternal kidneys to hyperinsulinemia-induced oxidative stress. The impact of fructose on renal metabolic dysregulation and oxidative stress in pregnancy requires elucidation. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) are known for protective roles in oxidative stress conditions. Therefore, the study aimed at investigating fructose-induced glucose dysregulation and renal oxidative stress in pregnant and non-pregnant rats and the possible preventive role of SCFA, acetate. Thirty female Wistar rats were grouped (n = 5/group). Three groups were made pregnant (P); the other three remained non-pregnant (NP). Both pregnant and non-pregnant rats received drinking water (control), 10% fructose (w/v) (NP+F or P+F), and 10% (w/v) fructose plus sodium acetate (200 mg/kg) (NP+F+A or P+F+A) for 3 weeks. Renal and plasma glutathione antioxidant index (GSH/GSSG), G6PDH, and adenosine were significantly lower in NP+F and P+F groups compared with control while renal and plasma adenosine deaminase (ADA), xanthine oxidase (XO), uric acid (UA), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and malonaldehyde (MDA) were significantly elevated in NP+F and P+F groups compared with controls. HOMA-IR showed marked impairment in both NP+F and P+F groups. The P+F group revealed greater suppression in plasma and renal G6PDH-dependent antioxidant index, adenosine, and aggravation of LDH, MDA compared with the NP+F group (p < 0.05). Sodium acetate reduces plasma and renal surrogate oxidative stress markers, improved G6PD-dependent antioxidant index, and HOMA-IR in NP+F and P+F groups. Pregnancy exacerbates fructose-induced insulin resistance and renal oxidative stress whereas acetate ameliorated fructose-induced redox and glucose dysregulation in pregnant and non-pregnant rats. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH, DE part of Springer Nature.
Is there a role for neuregulin 4 in human nonalcoholic fatty liver disease?; Background Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4), a novel adipokine enriched in brown adipose tissue has been observed to negatively regulate de novo hepatic lipogenesis and limit nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) progression to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) in rodents. However, the role of Nrg4 in human NAFLD remains unclear to date. We analysed Nrg4 plasma levels and its association with liver disease severity together with the transcriptional profile of the Nrg4 pathway in liver and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) of NAFLD patients. Methods Plasma Nrg4 levels were measured in 65 NAFLD patients and 43 healthy controls (HC). Hepatic steatosis and fibrosis were diagnosed and quantified with chemical shift MRI and transient elastography respectively. Furthermore, blood lipid levels, HOMA-IR and systemic pro-inflammatory cytokines (TNF-α, IL-6 and IFN-γ) were analysed. Microarray analyses to assess differences in the Nrg4 and its receptor family ErbB pathway in liver and VAT from an independent patient group with biopsy proven NAFL (simple steatosis) (n = 4), NASH (n = 5) and normal liver (n = 6) were performed. Results Plasma Nrg4 levels were not significantly different between NAFLD patients and HC (p = 0.622). Furthermore, plasma Nrg4 levels did not correlate with the hepatic fat fraction (r = -0.028, p = 0.829) and were not significantly different between NAFLD patients with or without hepatic fibrosis (p = 0.087). Finally, the expression profile of 82 genes related to the Nrg4-ErbB pathway in liver and VAT was not significantly different between NAFL, NASH or obese controls. Conclusion Our study does not support a role for Nrg4 in the pathophysiology of human NAFLD. © 2021 De Munck et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Metabolic pathways, alterations in miRNAs expression and effects of genetic polymorphisms of bisphenol a analogues: A systematic review; Bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the most common endocrine disruptors found in the environment and its harmful health effects in humans and wildlife have been extensively reported One of the main aims of this review was to examine the metabolic pathways of BPA and BPA substitutes and the endocrine disrupting properties of their metabolites. According to the available literature, phase I and phase II metabolic reactions play an important role in the detoxification process of bisphenols (BPs), but their metabolism can also lead to the formation of highly reactive metabolites. The second part of this work addresses the associations between exposure to BPA and its analogues with the alterations in miRNAs expression and the effects of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs). Available scientific evidence shows that BPs can dysregulate the expression of several miRNAs, and in turn, these miRNAs could be considered as epigenetic biomarkers to prevent the development of a variety of BP-mediated diseases. Interestingly, genetic polymorphisms are able to modify the relationship of BPA exposure with the risk of adverse health effects, suggesting that interindividual genetic differences modulate the susceptibility to the effects of environmental contaminants. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Mechanisms and disease consequences of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the leading chronic liver disease worldwide. Its more advanced subtype, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), connotes progressive liver injury that can lead to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Here we provide an in-depth discussion of the underlying pathogenetic mechanisms that lead to progressive liver injury, including the metabolic origins of NAFLD, the effect of NAFLD on hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism, bile acid toxicity, macrophage dysfunction, and hepatic stellate cell activation, and consider the role of genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors that promote fibrosis progression and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in NASH. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Relationship between dietary patterns and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Aim: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common causes of chronic liver disease. Previous studies have investigated the association between dietary patterns and NAFLD, but their results are contradictory. Therefore, we carried out this meta-analysis to examine the association between dietary patterns and NAFLD. Methods: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases until November 14, 2019, to identify the observational studies on the association between dietary patterns and NAFLD. We selected three dietary patterns of Western, Prudent, and Mediterranean. A random-effect model was used to compute the summary risk estimates. Odds ratios (ORs) that were reported for fully adjusted models and their confidence intervals (CIs) were extracted for meta-analysis. Heterogeneity between studies was assessed using Cochran's Q- and I2 tests. Eighteen articles (n = 24 867 participants) were entered our systematic review and meta-analysis. Results: We determined that Western dietary patterns (n = 8787 participants) containing high levels of processed food, red meat, high-fat dairy, and refined grains could significantly increase NAFLD (OR = 1.56, CI = 1.27 to 1.92; P ≤ 0.001). However, the Prudent (n = 13 023 participants) (OR = 0.78, CI = 0.71 to 0.85; P ≤ 0.001) and Mediterranean dietary patterns (n = 3057 participants) (OR = 0.77, CI = 0.60 to 0.98; P = 0.41), defined by high intake of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fish, and olive oil decreased the risk of this disease. Conclusions: We found that Western dietary patterns increased the risk of NAFLD by 56%, although the Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns reduced the risk of this disease by 22% and 23%, respectively. © 2020 Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
The role of transcription factor 7-like 2 in metabolic disorders; Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2), a member of the T cell factor/lymphoid enhancer factor family, generally forms a complex with β-catenin to regulate the downstream target genes as an effector of the canonical Wnt signalling pathway. TCF7L2 plays a vital role in various biological processes and functions in many organs and tissues, including the liver, islet and adipose tissues. Further, TCF7L2 down-regulates hepatic gluconeogenesis and promotes lipid accumulation. In islets, TCF7L2 not only affects the insulin secretion of the β-cells but also has an impact on other cells. In addition, TCF7L2 influences adipogenesis in adipose tissues. Thus, an out-of-control TCF7L2 expression can result in metabolic disorders. The TCF7L2 gene is composed of 17 exons, generating 13 different transcripts, and has many single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs). The discovery that these SNPs have an impact on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has attracted thorough investigations in the study of TCF7L2. Apart from T2D, TCF7L2 SNPs are also associated with type 1, posttransplant and other types of diabetes. Furthermore, TCF7L2 variants affect the progression of other disorders, such as obesity, cancers, metabolic syndrome and heart diseases. Finally, the interaction between TCF7L2 variants and diet also needs to be investigated. © 2020 World Obesity Federation
The liver–alpha cell axis associates with liver fat and insulin resistance: a validation study in women with non-steatotic liver fat levels; Aims/hypothesis: Many individuals who develop type 2 diabetes also display increased glucagon levels (hyperglucagonaemia), which we have previously found to be associated with the metabolic syndrome. The concept of a liver–alpha cell axis provides a possible link between hyperglucagonaemia and elevated liver fat content, a typical finding in the metabolic syndrome. However, this association has only been studied in individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Hence, we searched for a link between the liver and the alpha cells in individuals with non-steatotic levels of liver fat content. We hypothesised that the glucagon–alanine index, an indicator of the functional integrity of the liver–alpha cell axis, would associate with liver fat and insulin resistance in our cohort of women with low levels of liver fat. Methods: We analysed data from 79 individuals participating in the Prediction, Prevention and Subclassification of Type 2 Diabetes (PPSDiab) study, a prospective observational study of young women at low to high risk for the development of type 2 diabetes. Liver fat content was determined by MRI. Insulin resistance was calculated as HOMA-IR. We conducted Spearman correlation analyses of liver fat content and HOMA-IR with the glucagon–alanine index (the product of fasting plasma levels of glucagon and alanine). The prediction of the glucagon–alanine index by liver fat or HOMA-IR was tested in multivariate linear regression analyses in the whole cohort as well as after stratification for liver fat content ≤0.5% (n = 39) or >0.5% (n = 40). Results: The glucagon–alanine index significantly correlated with liver fat and HOMA-IR in the entire cohort (ρ = 0.484, p < 0.001 and ρ = 0.417, p < 0.001, respectively). These associations resulted from significant correlations in participants with a liver fat content >0.5% (liver fat, ρ = 0.550, p < 0.001; HOMA-IR, ρ = 0.429, p = 0.006). In linear regression analyses, the association of the glucagon–alanine index with liver fat remained significant after adjustment for age and HOMA-IR in all participants and in those with liver fat >0.5% (β = 0.246, p = 0.0.23 and β = 0.430, p = 0.007, respectively) but not in participants with liver fat ≤0.5% (β = −0.184, p = 0.286). Conclusions/interpretation: We reproduced the previously reported association of liver fat content and HOMA-IR with the glucagon–alanine index in an independent study cohort of young women with low to high risk for type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, our data indicates an insulin-resistance-independent association of liver fat content with the glucagon–alanine index. In summary, our study supports the concept that even lower levels of liver fat (from 0.5%) are connected to relative hyperglucagonaemia, reflecting an imminent impairment of the liver–alpha cell axis.[Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2020, The Author(s).
Omega-3 fatty acids reduce cardiometabolic risk in first-episode schizophrenia patients treated with antipsychotics: Findings from the OFFER randomized controlled study; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) increases the risk of premature mortality observed in schizophrenia (SCZ). N−3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) deficiency has been reported in different stages of schizophrenia. N−3 PUFA supplementation was found to be beneficial in both chronic SCZ and MetS. No intervention studies based on n−3 PUFA as add-on therapy to antipsychotics have examined the changes in MetS risk in first-episode schizophrenia. Aim: This randomized placebo-controlled trial assesses the effect of a 26-week intervention composed of either 2.2 g/day of n−3 PUFA or olive oil placebo on the frequency of MetS and the changes in its constituents as a secondary outcome measure. Methods: Seventy-one adult inpatients diagnosed with first-episode schizophrenia were randomly assigned to study groups. The active intervention used a 3:2 mixture of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. Metabolic syndrome components were monitored throughout the study. Results: A significant reduction in the frequency of MetS was observed in the EPA + DHA group (p = 0.0408); as well as some specific MetS components: e.g., a decrease in fasting blood glucose (p = 0.045). The beneficial effects of EPA + DHA were even more pronounced in patients treated mainly with olanzapine, e.g. significant reductions of total cholesterol (p = 0.037) and blood glucose levels (p = 0.034). Significant positive correlations were found between the general psychopathology subscale of PANSS (primary outcome) and triglyceride level changes. Conclusion: N−3 PUFA supplementation in early SCZ may constitute a safe and affordable intervention that can reduce the risk of MetS and its lethal complications. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Thiamine reduced metabolic syndrome symptoms in rats via down-regulation of hepatic nuclear factor-kβ and induction activity of glyoxalase-I; Objective(s): Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a cause of death worldwide. The hepatic nuclear factor- NF-kβ (NF-kβ) is the cardinal player of hepatic homeostasis, insulin sensitivity, and lipid metabolism. Thus, we investigated the effect of thiamine on hepatic gene expression of NF-kβ and its levels of activators in MS rats. Materials and Methods: Male Wistar rats were randomly divided into 4 equal groups (ten rats in each group): normal, MS, and two alike groups under thiamine treatment. MS was induced in rats with a high sucrose solution (40 % in drinking water) for 4 months. Treated groups of rats received 0.18 % of thiamine daily in drinking water. Hematoxylin-Eosin stains were employed to determine the histopathological changes of the liver. Metabolic profile, glycation products, oxidative stress, inflammatory markers, the activity of glyoxalase-I, as well as NF-kβ hepatic expression of all rat groups, were determined. Results: Acute hepatitis was not observed in the livers of the thiamine treated MS rats. Besides, the treatment showed an advantageous effect on glucose, lipid metabolism, and body weight via down-regulation of hepatic NF-kβ and induction of glyoxalase system activity. Furthermore, the treatment decreased diverse glycation, oxidative stress, and inflammatory markers (P>0.001). Conclusion: Thiamine decreased body weight and improved metabolism and activity of glyoxalase-I in MS rats with anti-glycation, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activities. Further, the treatment had a hepato-protective effect via reduction of NF-kβ signaling. © 2021 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Associations of persistent organic pollutants in human adipose tissue with retinoid levels and their relevance to the redox microenvironment; Humans are exposed to a myriad of chemical substances in both occupational and environmental settings. Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) have drawn attention for their adverse effects including cancer and endocrine disruption. Herein, the objectives were 1) to describe serum and adipose tissue retinol levels, along with serum retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) concentrations, and 2) to assess the associations of adipose tissue POP levels with these retinoid parameters, as well as their potential interaction with the previously-observed POP-related disruption of redox microenvironment. Retinol was measured in both serum and adipose tissue along with RBP4 levels in serum samples of 236 participants of the GraMo adult cohort. Associations were explored by multivariable linear regression analyses and Weighted Quantile Sum regression. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) 180, 153 and 138 were related to decreased adipose tissue retinol levels and increased serum RBP4/retinol ratio. Dicofol concentrations > limit of detection were associated with decreased retinol levels in serum and adipose tissue. Additionally, increased adipose tissue retinol levels were linked to an attenuation in previously-reported associations of adipose tissue PCB-153 with in situ superoxide dismutase activity. Our results revealed a suggestive link between retinoids, PCBs and redox microenvironment, potentially relevant for both mechanistic and public health purposes. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
The effects of curcumin intake on wound healing and metabolic status in patients with diabetic foot ulcer: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; This study was conducted to determine the effects of curcumin intake on wound healing and metabolic status in patients with diabetic foot ulcer (DFU). The current randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 60 patients with grade 3 DFU. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups (30 participants each group), received either 80 mg nanocurcumin daily for 12 weeks or placebo. Primary endpoints in this study were serum insulin levels and insulin resistance. Curcumin intake significantly decreased fasting plasma glucose (p =.02), insulin (p =.01), insulin resistance (p =.02), and significantly increased insulin sensitivity (p =.008) compared with the placebo. Moreover, curcumin intake led to a significant reduction in total- (p <.001), LDL-cholesterol (p <.001), and a significant increase in total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (p <.001) and total glutathione (GSH) (p =.01) compared with the placebo. However, there was no significant improvement in wound healing parameters. Overall, our study demonstrated that nanocurcumin intake in patients with DFU resulted in a significant improvement of glycemic control, total- and LDL-cholesterol, TAC, and GSH but did not affect the indicators of ulcer size. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
FAM3C: An emerging biomarker and potential therapeutic target for cancer; FAM3C is a member of the FAM3 family. Recently, overexpression of FAM3C has been reported in numerous types of cancer, including breast and colon cancer. Increasing evidence suggests that elevated FAM3C and its altered subcellular localization are closely associated with tumor formation, invasion, metastasis and poor survival. Moreover, FAM3C has been found to be the regulator of various proteins that associate with cancer, including Ras, STAT3, TGF-β and LIFR. This review summarizes the current knowledge regarding FAM3C, including its structure, expression patterns, regulation, physiological roles and regulatory functions in various malignancies. These findings highlight the importance of FAM3C in cancer development and provide evidence that FAM3C is a novel biomarker and potential therapeutic target for various cancers. © 2021 Future Medicine Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fetal high-density lipoproteins: Current knowledge on particle metabolism, composition and function in health and disease; Cholesterol and other lipids carried by lipoproteins play an indispensable role in fetal development. Recent evidence suggests that maternally derived high-density lipoprotein (HDL) differs from fetal HDL with respect to its proteome, size, and function. Compared to the HDL of adults, fetal HDL is the major carrier of cholesterol and has a unique composition that implies other physiological functions. Fetal HDL is enriched in apolipoprotein E, which binds with high affinity to the low-density lipoprotein receptor. Thus, it appears that a primary function of fetal HDL is the transport of cholesterol to tissues as is accomplished by low-density lipoproteins in adults. The fetal HDL-associated bioactive sphingolipid sphingosine-1-phosphate shows strong vasoprotective effects at the fetoplacental vasculature. Moreover, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 carried by fetal-HDL exerts anti-oxidative and athero-protective functions on the fetoplacental endothelium. Notably, the mass and activity of HDL-associated paraoxonase 1 are about 5-fold lower in the fetus, accompanied by an attenuation of anti-oxidative activity of fetal HDL. Cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity is reduced in fetal circulation despite similar amounts of the enzyme in maternal and fetal serum. This review summarizes the current knowledge on fetal HDL as a potential vasoprotective lipoprotein during fetal development. We also provide an overview of whether and how the protective functionalities of HDL are impaired in pregnancy-related syndromes such as pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effect of the high-fat diet supplemented with various forms of chromium on rats body composition, liver metabolism and organ histology Cr in liver metabolism and histology of selected organs; Background: In the present study, we hypothesized that feeding rats a high-fat diet negatively affects liver metabolism and function and disturbs the histology of some internal organs. We also postulated that there is a form of chromium whose administration alleviates the negative effects of a high-fat diet in rats. Methods: To verify the hypotheses, we tested the effect of various forms of chrome (picolinate – Cr-Pic, Chromium(III)-methionine complex – Cr-Met, and chrome nanoparticles – Cr-NPs) applied in the recommended amount of 0.3 mg/kg of BW on growth parameters, body fat, liver metabolism and functional disorders, and histological parameters of selected internal organs in rats fed a standard (S) or high-fat diet (F). The experiment was conducted on 56 male outbred Wistar rats (Rattus norvegicus. Cmdb:WI) randomly divided into eight experimental groups. For eight weeks the rats received a standard or high-fat diet, without Cr or with Cr at 0.3 mg/kg diet in the form of Cr-Pic, Cr-Met or Cr-NPs. Results and conclusion: The use of a F diet disrupted the lipid-carbohydrate profile, worsened liver metabolism and function, reduced the expression of hepatic PPAR-α and leaded to negative changes in the histological image of internal organs - liver, kidneys and pancreas. The 8-week use of an chromium supplement in a F diet, regardless of the form used, did not improve the ratio of fat tissue to lean tissue, worsened liver function and negatively affected on the histological image of the liver, kidneys and pancreas. However, the most negative changes in lipid-carbohydrate metabolism and liver functioning were observed with CrNPs supplementation. © 2020 Elsevier GmbH
Membrane and soluble endoglin role in cardiovascular and metabolic disorders related to metabolic syndrome; Membrane endoglin (Eng, CD105) is a transmembrane glycoprotein essential for the proper function of vascular endothelium. It might be cleaved by matrix metalloproteinases to form soluble endoglin (sEng), which is released into the circulation. Metabolic syndrome comprises conditions/symptoms that usually coincide (endothelial dysfunction, arterial hypertension, hyperglycemia, obesity-related insulin resistance, and hypercholesterolemia), and are considered risk factors for cardiometabolic disorders such as atherosclerosis, type II diabetes mellitus, and liver disorders. The purpose of this review is to highlight current knowledge about the role of Eng and sEng in the disorders mentioned above, in vivo and in vitro extent, where we can find a wide range of contradictory results. We propose that reduced Eng expression is a hallmark of endothelial dysfunction development in chronic pathologies related to metabolic syndrome. Eng expression is also essential for leukocyte transmigration and acute inflammation, suggesting that Eng is crucial for the regulation of endothelial function during the acute phase of vascular defense reaction to harmful conditions. sEng was shown to be a circulating biomarker of preeclampsia, and we propose that it might be a biomarker of metabolic syndrome-related symptoms and pathologies, including hypercholesterolemia, hyperglycemia, arterial hypertension, and diabetes mellitus as well, despite the fact that some contradictory findings have been reported. Besides, sEng can participate in the development of endothelial dysfunction and promote the development of arterial hypertension, suggesting that high levels of sEng promote metabolic syndrome symptoms and complications. Therefore, we suggest that the treatment of metabolic syndrome should take into account the importance of Eng in the endothelial function and levels of sEng as a biomarker and risk factor of related pathologies. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Maternal Serum Angiopoietin-Like 3 Levels in Healthy and Mild Preeclamptic Pregnant Women; Objective: Angiopoietin-like protein 3(ANGPTL3) is an important regulator of lipoprotein metabolism in the fed state by inhibiting the enzyme lipoprotein lipase in oxidative tissues. However, the possible role of ANGPTL3 throughout gestation and its relationship with hormonal and biochemical variables are still unknown. The aim of this study was to determinate serum ANGPTL3 level in healthy non-pregnant women, during healthy and preeclamptic pregnancy and postpartum. Methods: Serum ANGPTL3 was analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), in a prospective cohort of healthy pregnant women (n = 52) and women with mild preeclampsia (n = 21), and women at three months postpartum (n = 20) and healthy non-pregnant women (n = 20). The results obtained were correlated with biochemical, hormonal and anthropometric variables and insulin resistance indices. Results: Levels of ANGPTL3 were not different between the follicular and the luteal phases of the cycle in healthy non-pregnant women. There was a significant reduction in serum ANGPTL3 levels from the first to the third trimester in healthy pregnant women compared with healthy non-pregnant and postpartum women (p <0.01). ANGPTL3 levels do not differ significantly during the three trimesters of pregnancy neither in healthy women nor in preeclamptic women. The serum levels of ANGPTL3 in women who developed preeclampsia are not statistically different from those observed in healthy pregnant women in each trimester of pregnancy. A significant lineal positive correlation was observed between serum ANGPTL3 levels and triglyceride (P =0.0186, r =0.52), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P =0.0224, r =0.50), and total cholesterol levels (P =0.0220, r =0.50) in healthy non-pregnant women (P 0.05). Besides, there were no significant correlations between serum ANGPTL3 and body mass index (BMI), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, leptin, or HOMA-IR (P >0.05) Conclusions: We describe for the first time the profile of ANGPTL3 throughout pregnancy and postpartum as well as and discussed about explore their potential contribution interactions with lipoprotein metabolism throughout pregnancy and postpartum. Thus, low levels of ANGPTL3 during pregnancy might favor lipid uptake in oxidative tissues as the main maternal energy source, while may helping to preserve glucose for use by the fetus and placenta. © Copyright © 2021 Garces, Rodriguez - Navarro, Buell - Acosta, Burgos - Cardenas, Franco - Vega, Maldonado - Acosta, Eslava - Schmalbach, Parada - Baños, Castro - Pinzon, Sanchez, Angel - Muller, Lacunza, Castaño, Dieguez, Nogueiras, Ruiz - Parra and Caminos.
Effect of ciprofloxacin vs levofloxacin on QTc-interval and dysglycemia in diabetic and non-diabetic patients; Background: Levofloxacin and ciprofloxacin are more commonly used amongst fluoroquinolone class and the question of cardiac safety and glucose hemostasis of this class has been raised. Objective: To compare intravenous levofloxacin and ciprofloxacin regarding their risk on QTc prolongation and dysglycemia in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. Methods: A randomised prospective study at Beni-Suef university hospital was conducted on 200 adult patients over 6 months. The patients received intravenous levofloxacin 750mg once daily or ciprofloxacin 400mg twice daily. Electrocardiogram and fasting blood glucose were obtained from each patient before starting the antibiotic, 24 hours, 72 hours after the first dose, and 72 hours after antibiotics cessation. Results: The results of the current study showed the relative risk for QTc prolongation with levofloxacin was more than ciprofloxacin by about 4 and 1.5 times in diabetic and non-diabetic patients, respectively. The relative risk for dysglycemia with levofloxacin was 2.28 and 1.39 times more than ciprofloxacin in diabetic and non-diabetic patients, respectively. Conclusion: The present study showed that the risk for QTc prolongation and hyperglycemia was greater with levofloxacin than ciprofloxacin in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. In addition, the risk for hypoglycemia was greater with levofloxacin than ciprofloxacin in non-diabetic patients. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Supplemental Berberine in a High-Fat Diet Reduces Adiposity and Cardiac Dysfunction in Offspring of Mouse Dams with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: There are few evidence-based strategies to attenuate the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid extracted from Chinese herbs and exhibits glucose lowering properties. Objectives: We hypothesized that dietary BBR would improve health outcomes in the mouse offspring of GDM dams. Methods: Wild-type C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet (L-LF,10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose) or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet (GDM-HF, 45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose) for 6 wk prior to breeding with wild-type C57BL/6 male mice throughout pregnancy and the suckling period. The resulting Lean and GDM-exposed male and female offspring were randomly assigned an LF (10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose), HF (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose), or high-fat berberine (HFB) (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose diet) containing BBR (160 mg/kg/d, HFB) at weaning for 12 wk. The main outcome was to evaluate the effects of BBR on obesity, pancreatic islet function, and cardiac contractility in GDM-exposed HF-fed offspring. Significance between measurements was determined using a 2 (gestational exposure) × 3 (diet) factorial design by a 2- way ANOVA using Tukey post-hoc analysis. Results: In the GDM-HF group, body weights were significantly increased (16%) compared with those in baseline (L-LF) animals (P < 0.05). Compared with the L-LF animals, the GDM-HF group had a reduction in pancreatic insulin glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (74%) and increased cardiac isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT; ∼150%) (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM-HF animals, the GDM-HFB group with the dietary addition of BBR had significantly reduced body weight (16%), increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from pancreatic islets (254%), and reduced systolic heart function (46% IVCT) (P < 0.05). Conclusions: In a mouse model of GDM, dietary BBR treatment provided protection from obesity and the development of pancreatic islet and cardiac dysfunction.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Whole alga, algal extracts, and compounds as ingredients of functional foods: Composition and action mechanism relationships in the prevention and treatment of type-2 diabetes mellitus; Type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major systemic disease which involves impaired pancreatic function and currently affects half a billion people worldwide. Diet is considered the cornerstone to reduce incidence and prevalence of this disease. Algae contains fiber, polyphenols, ω-3 PUFAs, and bioactive molecules with potential antidiabetic activity. This review delves into the applications of algae and their components in T2DM, as well as to ascertain the mechanism involved (e.g., glucose absorption, lipids metabolism, antioxidant properties, etc.). PubMed, and Google Scholar databases were used. Papers in which whole alga, algal extracts, or their isolated compounds were studied in in vitro conditions, T2DM experimental models, and humans were selected and discussed. This review also focuses on meat matrices or protein concentrate-based products in which different types of alga were included, aimed to modulate carbohydrate digestion and absorption, blood glucose, gastrointestinal neurohormones secretion, glycosylation products, and insulin resistance. As microbiota dysbiosis in T2DM and metabolic alterations in different organs are related, the review also delves on the effects of several bioactive algal compounds on the colon/microbiota-liver-pancreas-brain axis. As the responses to therapeutic diets vary dramatically among individuals due to genetic components, it seems a priority to identify major gene polymorphisms affecting potential positive effects of algal compounds on T2DM treatment. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gut microbiota in adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome: Effects of randomized treatments; Background: Girls with obesity and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and women with PCOS have altered gut microbiota. Objective: To study the gut microbiota composition of girls with PCOS without obesity (age, 15.8 years; body mass index [BMI] 25 kg/m2) and the effects of randomized treatments with an oral contraceptive (OC, N = 15) or with spironolactone-pioglitazone-metformin (SPIOMET, N = 15) for 1 year. Thirty-one age-matched girls served as controls. Methods: 16S ribosomal subunit gene amplicon sequencing was performed in stool samples from all subjects; samples from 23 out of 30 girls with PCOS (OC, N = 12; SPIOMET, N = 11) were available for analysis post-treatment. Clinical and endocrine-metabolic variables were measured before and after intervention. Results: Girls with PCOS had decreased diversity alpha, altered microbiota pattern and taxonomic profile with more abundance of Family XI (P =.002), and less abundance of family Prevotellaceae (P =.0006) the genus Prevotella (P =.0001) and Senegalimassilia (P <.0001), as compared to controls. Family XI abundance related positively to hepato-visceral fat (R = 0.453; P =.0003). SPIOMET treatment, but not OC, normalized the abundance of Family XI. Prevotellaceae, Prevotella and Senegalimassilia abundance remained unchanged after either treatment. Conclusion: SPIOMET's spectrum of normalizing effects in girls with PCOS is herewith broadened as to include Family XI abundance in gut microbiota. © 2020 World Obesity Federation
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/Introduction: This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of and factors associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Indian women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study (2018–2019) enrolled women with and without prior GDM. Study participants underwent detailed assessments, including relevant medical, obstetric and demographic details; 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with glucose and insulin estimation at 0, 30 and 120 min; and other relevant biochemical and anthropometric measurements. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography. Results: We evaluated a total of 309 women (201 and 108 with and without prior GDM, respectively) at a mean age of 31.9 ± 5.0 years and median of 16 months (interquartile range 9–38 months) following the index delivery. The prevalence of NAFLD was significantly higher in women with prior GDM (62.7% vs 50.0%, P = 0.038; grade 2 and 3 disease, 13.9% vs 6.5%). On logistic regression analysis (fully adjusted model), the odds of NAFLD were 2.11-fold higher in women with prior GDM (95% confidence interval 1.16–3.85, P = 0.014). Overweight/obesity, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes and homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance (a measure of insulin resistance) were positively associated with NAFLD, whereas the Matsuda index (a measure of insulin sensitivity) showed a negative association with NAFLD. Conclusions: The prevalence of NAFLD is high in women with prior GDM. Such women also have a high burden of cardiometabolic risk factors. Future studies should evaluate the intermediate and long-term hepatic and cardiovascular risk, and the impact of lifestyle interventions in reducing morbidity in such women. © 2020 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Nutritional viewpoints on eggs and cholesterol; Although most current epidemiologic studies indicate no significant association between consuming one egg daily and blood cholesterol levels and cardiovascular risk, arguments still persist with a positive association. Since the diet is one of the most influential factors for this association, we illustrate characteristic features in Japanese people whose dietary pattern is distinct from that, for example, the US (United States) population. Available epidemiologic studies in healthy Japanese people show no association between consumption of one egg daily and blood cholesterol level, consistent with those observed in the US population. However, when consumption of major nutrients and food sources of cholesterol are compared to the US population, Japanese people may have an extra-reserve against the influence of eggs on cardiovascular risk markers, despite consuming relatively more eggs. Further discussion on the influence of nutrients contained in the egg and dietary pattern, including interaction with gut microbes, is necessary. In addition, special consideration at the personalized level is needed for judgment regarding dietary cholesterol not only for hypercholesterolemic patients but for hyper-responsive healthy persons. Although randomized controlled trials with long-term follow-up are required to evaluate the association between consumption of eggs and human health, available information, at least from the nutritional viewpoint, suggests that egg is a healthy and cost-efficient food worldwide. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sex hormone binding globulin (Shbg) mitigates er stress in hepatocytes in vitro and ex vivo; Despite multiple research studies regarding metabolic syndrome and diabetes, the full picture of their molecular background and pathogenies remains elusive. The latest studies revealed that sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG)—a serum protein released mainly by the liver—may participate in metabolic dysregulation, as its low serum level correlates with a risk for obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes. Yet, the molecular phenomenon linking SHBG with these disorders remains unclear. In the presented study, we investigate how exogenous SHBG affects metabolically impaired hepatocytes with special attention to endoplasmic reticulum stress (ER stress) and lipid metabolism both in vitro and ex vivo. For that reason, palmitate-treated HepG2 cells and liver tissue samples collected post mortem were cultured in the presence of 50 nM and 100 nM SHBG. We found that SHBG protects against ER stress development and its progression. We have found that SHBG decreased the expression levels of inositol-requiring enzyme 1 (IRE1α), activating transcription factor 6 (ATF6), DNA damage-inducible transcript 3 (CHOP), and immunoglobulin heavy chain-binding protein (BIP). Furthermore, we have shown that it regulates lipolytic gene expression ex vivo. Additionally, herein, we deliver a novel large-animal model to study SHBG in translational research. Our data provide new insights into the cellular and molecular mechanisms by which SHBG modulates hepatocyte metabolism and offer a new experimental approach to study SHBG in human diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Role of dietary calcium and its possible mechanism against metabolic disorders: A concise review; The global prevalence of metabolic disorders including hypertension, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, nonalcoholic fatty liver, and cardiovascular diseases seemed to affect people of all ages cutting across the national, economic, and demographic barrier. Therefore, the prevention of metabolic disorders is considered of paramount importance. The dietary role of nutrients including vitamins and minerals is one of the recommended preventive measures against metabolic disorders in modern society. Recently, dietary calcium, a common nutrient not only showed a beneficial effect against obesity through weight management, but also gained great attention against the risk of metabolic disorders. Though dietary calcium shows several beneficial effects against metabolic disorders but some inconsistent results were also reported. So, the present review aims to extract recent knowledge as well as their possible underlying mechanisms regarding the role of dietary calcium against metabolic disorders. The present review also discusses the negative impact as well as prospect of calcium intake on health issues. In summary, high calcium diet prevents the harmful consequences of metabolic disorders by regulating hormonal actions, alteration in intracellular calcium level, renin–angiotensin system, intestinal fat absorption, fecal fat excretion, lipid metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism, inflammation, and oxidative stress which together improve the metabolic health of an individual. Practical applications: Metabolic disorder is a global health issue across all sections of society and is growing rapidly in spite of several attempts by the scientific community to prevent it. Recently dietary calcium gained great attention in the last few years for its role in the management and treatment of metabolic disorders. The current review highlights the beneficial role of dietary calcium against several metabolic complications by exploring their underlying mechanisms at cellular level. This study will provide valuable information regarding the recommendation of dietary calcium in health policy as well as its inclusion in the dietary chart through calcium-rich foods and/or taking calcium supplements which can be a useful approach in preventing the risk of metabolic disorder depending on the health status of an individual. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Role and Mechanism of Gut Microbiota in Human Disease; The human gut microbiome is a huge microbial community that plays an irreplaceable role in human life. With the further development of research, the influence of intestinal flora on human diseases has been gradually excavated. Gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis has adverse health effects on the human body that will lead to a variety of chronic diseases. The underlying mechanisms of GM on human diseases are incredibly complicated. This review focuses on the regulation and mechanism of GM on neurodegenerative diseases, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases and gastrointestinal diseases, thus providing a potential target for the prevention and treatment of disease. © Copyright © 2021 Chen, Zhou and Wang.
Non-coding RNA crosstalk with nuclear receptors in liver disease; The dysregulation of nuclear receptors (NRs) underlies the pathogenesis of a variety of liver disorders. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) are defined as RNA molecules transcribed from DNA but not translated into proteins. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) and long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are two types of ncRNAs that have been extensively studied for regulating gene expression during diverse cellular processes. NRs as therapeutic targets in liver disease have been exemplified by the successful application of their pharmacological ligands in clinics. MiRNA-based reagents or drugs are emerging as flagship products in clinical trials. Advancing our understanding of the crosstalk between NRs and ncRNAs is critical to the development of diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. This review summarizes recent findings on the reciprocal regulation between NRs and ncRNAs (mainly on miRNAs and lncRNAs) and their implication in liver pathophysiology, which might be informative to the translational medicine of targeting NRs and ncRNAs in liver disease. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Replacing the consumption of red meat with other major dietary protein sources and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study; Background: Greater consumption of red meat has been associated with a higher risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A decreased intake of red meat and simultaneous increased intake of other high-protein foods may be associated with a lower risk of T2DM. These analyses of specific food replacements for red meat may provide more accurate dietary advice. Objective: We examined the association between a decrease in intake of red meat accompanied by an increase in other major dietary protein sources and risk of T2DM. Methods: We prospectively followed 27,634 males in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study, 46,023 females in the Nurses' Health Study, and 75,196 females in the Nurses' Health Study II. Diet was assessed by a validated FFQ and updated every 4 y. Cox proportional hazards models adjusted for T2DM risk factors were used to model the food replacements. We calculated HRs and 95% CIs for the T2DM risk associated with replacements of 1 daily serving of red meat with another protein source. Results: During 2,113,245 person-years of follow-up, we identified 8763 incident T2DM cases from 1990 to 2013. In the pooled analyses, a decrease in total red meat intake during a 4-y period replaced with another common protein food was associated with a lower risk of T2DM in the subsequent 4-y period. The HR (95% CI) per 1 serving/d was 0.82 (0.75, 0.90) for poultry, 0.87 (0.77, 0.98) for seafood, 0.82 (0.78, 0.86) for low-fat dairy, 0.82 (0.77, 0.86) for high-fat dairy, 0.90 (0.81, 0.99) for eggs, 0.89 (0.82, 0.98) for legumes, and 0.83 (0.78, 0.89) for nuts. The associations were present for both unprocessed and processed red meat, although stronger for the replacement of processed red meat. Conclusions: Replacing red meat consumption with other protein sources was associated with a lower risk of T2DM.  © 2020 The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
An overview of possible health risk and complications of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is the most common disorder associated with a spectrum of endocrine, reproductive, metabolic and psychological features. It affects millions of women worldwide and represents a major burden on health and economy. PCOS women are usually diagnosed in adolescence or in early adulthood with signs of hirsutism, acne or oligomenorrhea or when presenting for treatment of infertility. However, the health issues associated with PCOS go well beyond the management of these typical symptoms and likely persist throughout the reproductive years and beyond menopause which significantly affects the quality of life of these women. Amidst its prevalence and repercussions for metabolic, reproductive and psychological wellbeing PCOS remains under-diagnosed; partly because of the heterogeneity of the phenotypes presented by the syndrome. The phenotypes vary significantly depending on the stage of life, ethnicity, genotype and environmental factors like Body Mass Index and lifestyle. Although the pathogenesis of this syndrome remains elusive, abnormalities in action or secretion of gonadotropin, steroidogenesis, folliculogenesis, insulin action or secretion among others contribute to its development. The dysregulation of these diverse systems is thought to result from genetic, epigenetic and environmental factors. A better understanding of these factors is important for the determination of preventive risk factors and effective treatment of this syndrome. The primary concern of this complex disorder is timely diagnosis; education of patients and healthcare professionals; screening and treatment for complications that would reduce the health and economic burden associated with PCOS and its related comorbid conditions. Keeping in view the complexity of this syndrome and the impact on the quality of life of these women, this chapter will try to shed some light on the clinical presentation, diagnosis and pathogenesis of PCOS. This chapter will also present a general overview on complications and associated health risks of this syndrome. © 2021 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Attenuation of FGF21 signalling might aggravate the impairment of glucose homeostasis during the high sucrose diet induced transition from prediabetes to diabetes in WNIN/GR-Ob rats; Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has emerged as a pleiotropic hormone and is known for its beneficiary roles in the management of diabetes and hyperglycaemia. However, the role of FGF21 during the transition from prediabetes to diabetes still remains unclear. Hence, the present study is aimed to understand the regulation of glucose homeostasis by FGF21 during the transition from prediabetes to diabetes in WNIN/GR-Ob rats. A total of 36 WNIN/GR-Ob obese male rats (28 days old) were divided into control and high sucrose (HS) groups and were fed ad libitum with their respective diets. These groups were sacrificed at different time points (week 1, 6, and 12) and various physical, biochemical, and molecular mediators were assessed to address FGF21 mediated glucose homeostasis. The study results revealed that rats developed impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance by exhibiting delayed glucose clearance from circulation, elevated fasting insulin, increased AUC glucose and HOMA-IR scores significantly; thereby rats demonstrated prediabetes by week 6 and diabetes complications by week 12. In line with the above, differential expression of genes attributed to FGF21 mediated glucose homeostasis, i.e., PPARα, FGF21, β-klotho, PPARγ, Adiponectin, Akt, and UCP1 suggest that the acute insulin sensitizing effect of FGF21 was significantly impaired during prediabetes to diabetes transition. In addition, increased gene and protein expression of FGF21 during the transition compared to controls could be a compensatory response to possibly counteract the metabolic stress imposed by high sucrose diet in WNIN/GR-Ob rats of the experimental group. Findings from the current study emphasize the potential role of FGF21 in glucose homeostasis and its attenuation might aggravate glucose impairment during the transition from prediabetes to diabetes in high sucrose diet induced WNIN/GR-Ob rats. © 2021 The Author(s)
Associations of maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index with childhood general, abdominal and ectopic fat accumulation; Background & aims: Maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy is an important risk factor for childhood adiposity. Maternal dietary glycemic index during pregnancy directly influences maternal and fetal glucose concentrations. We examined the associations of maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index with offspring general, abdominal and ectopic fat accumulation among normal weight and overweight or obese pregnant women and their offspring. Methods: In a population-based cohort study among 2488 Dutch pregnant women and their children, we assessed maternal dietary glycemic index by food frequency questionnaire at median 13.4 (95% range 10.7; 21.1) weeks gestation. Dietary glycemic index was used continuously and categorized into low (≤55), normal (56–69) and high (≥70) glycemic index diet. We measured offspring BMI, total fat mass and android/gynoid fat mass ratio by DXA, and visceral fat mass and liver fat fraction by MRI at 10 years. Results: No associations of maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index with offspring adiposity were present among normal weight women and their children. Among overweight and obese women and their children, 1-Standard Deviation Score (SDS) increase in maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index was associated with higher childhood BMI (0.10 SDS, 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 0.01; 0.19), total fat mass index (0.13 SDS, 95% CI 0.05; 0.22), visceral fat mass index (0.19 SDS, 95% CI 0.07; 0.32) and tended to be associated with a higher android/gynoid fat mass ratio (0.09 SDS, 95% CI -0.01; 0.19) and higher risk of childhood overweight (Odds Ratio (OR) 1.20, 95% CI 0.97; 1.48). Overweight and obese women consuming an early-pregnancy low-glycemic index diet, as compared to an early-pregnancy normal-glycemic index diet, had children with lower BMI, total fat mass index, visceral fat mass index and android/gynoid fat mass ratio at 10 years (p-values<0.05). No women consumed a high-glycemic index diet. No associations were explained by maternal socio-economic, lifestyle and dietary characteristics, birth or childhood characteristics. No associations with liver fat fraction were present. Conclusions: In overweight or obese women and their children, a higher maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index is associated with childhood general, abdominal and visceral fat accumulation, but not with liver fat. Intervention studies among overweight and obese pregnant women may need to target the dietary glycemic index to prevent childhood adiposity. © 2021 The Authors
Nuclear receptors, gestational metabolism and maternal metabolic disorders; Normal pregnancy is characterised by a gradual alteration in metabolism that results in elevated serum bile acids, dyslipidaemia and impaired glucose tolerance in the third trimester. Nuclear receptors play important roles in regulating metabolic pathways that influence alterations in these parameters. There is evidence for altered function of FXR and LXR in gestation; these nuclear receptors play an integral role in bile acid and lipid homeostasis. There is some evidence for influence of clock genes in late pregnancy metabolic changes, and this may be linked to alterations in placental gene expression and function, thereby influencing fetal growth. This article will review the current data from human studies and investigation of animal models to illustrate the role of nuclear receptors (namely LXR, FXR, PPARs and clock genes) in gestational alterations in metabolism and the ways this may influence susceptibility to metabolic disorders of pregnancy such as gestational diabetes mellitus and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. © 2021
Docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids as neuroprotective nutrients throughout the life cycle; The role of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) in neurogenesis and brain development throughout the life cycle is fundamental. DHA and AA are long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) vital for many human physiological processes, such as signaling pathways, gene expression, structure and function of membranes, among others. DHA and AA are deposited into the lipids of cell membranes that form the gray matter representing approximately 25% of the total content of brain fatty acids. Both fatty acids have effects on neuronal growth and differentiation through the modulation of the physical properties of neuronal membranes, signal transduction associated with G proteins, and gene expression. DHA and AA have a relevant role in neuroprotection against neu-rodegenerative pathologies such as Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson’s disease, which are associated with characteristic pathological expressions as mitochondrial dysfunction, neuroinflammation, and oxidative stress. The present review analyzes the neuroprotective role of DHA and AA in the extreme stages of life, emphasizing the importance of these LCPUFA during the first year of life and in the developing/prevention of neurodegenerative diseases associated with aging. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Associations between serum isomers of perfluoroalkyl acids and metabolic syndrome in adults: Isomers of C8 Health Project in China; Background: Exposure to perfluoroalkyl acids (PFAAs) is known to be associated with metabolic disorders. However, whether PFAAs isomers are associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) still remains unknown. Objectives: To explore the associations between serum PFAAs isomers and MetS. Methods: We recruited 1,501 adults from a cross-sectional study, the “Isomers of C8 Health Project in China” to investigate the associations between PFAAs isomers and MetS. A total of 20 PFAAs including the isomers of PFOS and PFOA were detected. Logistic regression models and restricted cubic spline models were used to evaluate the relationship of serum PFAAs isomers exposure with MetS and its components as well after adjusting for covariates. Results: The MetS prevalence in our study was 43.0%. The serum levels of both PFOS and PFOA isomers were higher in participants with MetS than that with non-MetS (p < 0.05). We found positive associations for per natural log-transformed ng/mL of branched perfluorooctane sulfonate (br-PFOS) (odds ratio (OR) = 1.18, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.01, 1.38)) linear perfluoronanoic acid (n-PFOA) (OR = 1.35, 95% CI: 1.16, 1.58) and perfluoro-6-methylpheptanoic acid (6 m-PFOA) (OR = 1.32, 95% CI: 1.11, 1.57) with higher odds of MetS after covariates adjustment, while null association was observed for linear isomers of PFOS (OR = 1.09, 95% CI: 0.94, 1.25). We found a nonlinear dose-response relationship with a “threshold” effect in serum br-PFOS isomers with MetS, in which the odds of MetS increased quickly with increasing serum br-PFOS isomers under low exposure (p for nonlinearity = 0.030). Conclusion: We report new evidence of associations between PFAAs isomers and MetS and the nonlinearity of dose-response relationship with br-PFOS isomers. Our findings indicate that more attention is needed to pay on the nonlinearity of dose-response relationship when investigate the association of PFAAs isomers with human health. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic Syndrome and Autophagy: Focus on HMGB1 Protein; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) affects the population worldwide and results from several factors such as genetic background, environment and lifestyle. In recent years, an interplay among autophagy, metabolism, and metabolic disorders has become apparent. Defects in the autophagy machinery are associated with the dysfunction of many tissues/organs regulating metabolism. Metabolic hormones and nutrients regulate, in turn, the autophagy mechanism. Autophagy is a housekeeping stress-induced degradation process that ensures cellular homeostasis. High mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) is a highly conserved nuclear protein with a nuclear and extracellular role that functions as an extracellular signaling molecule under specific conditions. Several studies have shown that HMGB1 is a critical regulator of autophagy. This mini-review focuses on the involvement of HMGB1 protein in the interplay between autophagy and MetS, emphasizing its potential role as a promising biomarker candidate for the early stage of MetS or disease’s therapeutic target. © Copyright © 2021 Frisardi, Matrone and Street.
Purple grumixama anthocyanins (: Eugenia brasiliensis Lam.) attenuate obesity and insulin resistance in high-fat diet mice; Some polyphenols have been reported to modulate the expression of several genes related to lipid metabolism and insulin signaling, ameliorating metabolic disorders. We investigated the potential for the polyphenols of two varieties of grumixama, the purple fruit rich in anthocyanins and the yellow fruit, both also rich in ellagitannins, to attenuate obesity-associated metabolic disorders. Mice were fed a high fat and high sucrose diet, supplemented daily with yellow and purple extracts (200 mg per kg of body weight) for eight weeks. Purple grumixama supplementation was found to decrease body weight gain, improve insulin sensitivity and glucose-induced hyperinsulinemia, and reduce hepatic triglyceride accumulation. A decrease in intrahepatic lipids in mice treated with the purple grumixama extract was associated with lipid metabolism modulation by the PPAR signaling pathway. LPL, ApoE, and LDLr were found to be down-regulated, while Acox1 and ApoB were found to be upregulated. Some of these genes were also modulated by the yellow extract. In addition, both extracts decreased oGTT and plasma LPS. The results were associated with the presence of phenolic acids and urolithins. In conclusion, most likely the anthocyanins from the purple grumixama phenolic extract is responsible for reducing obesity and insulin resistance. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Ellagic acid affects metabolic and transcriptomic profiles and attenuates features of metabolic syndrome in adult male rats; Ellagic acid, a natural substance found in various fruits and nuts, was previously shown to exhibit beneficial effects towards metabolic syndrome. In this study, using a genetic rat model of metabolic syndrome, we aimed to further specify metabolic and transcriptomic responses to ellagic acid treatment. Adult male rats of the SHR-Zbtb16Lx/k.o. strain were fed a high-fat diet accompanied by daily intragastric gavage of ellagic acid (50 mg/kg body weight; high-fat diet–ellagic acid (HFD-EA) rats) or vehicle only (high-fat diet–control (HFD-CTL) rats). Morphometric and metabolic parameters, along with transcriptomic profile of liver and brown and epididymal adipose tissues, were assessed. HFD-EA rats showed higher relative weight of brown adipose tissue (BAT) and decreased weight of epididymal adipose tissue, although no change in total body weight was observed. Glucose area under the curve, serum insulin, and cholesterol levels, as well as the level of oxidative stress, were significantly lower in HFD-EA rats. The most differentially expressed tran-scripts reflecting the shift induced by ellagic acid were detected in BAT, showing downregulation of BAT activation markers Dio2 and Nr4a1 and upregulation of insulin-sensitizing gene Pla2g2a. Ellagic acid may provide a useful nutritional supplement to ameliorate features of metabolic syn-drome, possibly by suppressing oxidative stress and its effects on brown adipose tissue. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipocyte precursor cells from first degree relatives of type 2 diabetic patients feature changes in hsa-mir-23a-5p, -193a-5p, and -193b-5p and insulin-like growth factor 2 expression; First-degree relatives (FDRs) of type 2 diabetics (T2D) feature dysfunction of subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) long before T2D onset. miRNAs have a role in adipocyte precursor cells (APC) differentiation and in adipocyte identity. Thus, impaired miRNA expression may contribute to SAT dysfunction in FDRs. In the present work, we have explored changes in miRNA expression associated with T2D family history which may affect gene expression in SAT APCs from FDRs. Small RNA-seq was performed in APCs from healthy FDRs and matched controls and omics data were validated by qPCR. Integrative analyses of APC miRNome and transcriptome from FDRs revealed down-regulated hsa-miR-23a-5p, -193a-5p and -193b-5p accompanied by up-regulated Insulin-like Growth Factor 2 (IGF2) gene which proved to be their direct target. The expression changes in these marks were associated with SAT adipocyte hypertrophy in FDRs. APCs from FDRs further demonstrated reduced capability to differentiate into adipocytes. Treatment with IGF2 protein decreased APC adipogenesis, while over-expression of hsa-miR-23a-5p, -193a-5p and -193b-5p enhanced adipogenesis by IGF2 targeting. Indeed, IGF2 increased the Wnt Family Member 10B gene expression in APCs. Down-regulation of the three miRNAs and IGF2 up-regulation was also observed in Peripheral Blood Leukocytes (PBLs) from FDRs. In conclusion, APCs from FDRs feature a specific miRNA/gene profile, which associates with SAT adipocyte hypertrophy and appears to contribute to impaired adipogenesis. PBL detection of this profile may help in identifying adipocyte hypertrophy in individuals at high risk of T2D. © 2021 The Authors. The FASEB Journal published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology
Changes in Retinol Binding Protein 4 Level in Undernourished Children After a Nutrition Intervention Are Positively Associated With Mother’s Weight but Negatively With Mother’s Height, Intake of Whole Milk, and Markers of Systemic Inflammation: Results From a Community-Based Intervention Study; Background: The changes of plasma retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) level after a nutrition intervention can indicate the metabolic changes associated with the delivered intervention. Objective: We investigated the changes in plasma RBP4 level among 12- to 18-month-old children after a nutrition intervention and measured its association with subcutaneous adiposity, maternal characteristics, and inflammation. Methods: Data of 520 undernourished children (250 of them had length-for-age Z score [LAZ] <−1 to −2 and 270 had LAZ score <−2) were collected from the Bangladesh Environmental Enteric Dysfunction study conducted in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Multivariable linear regression and generalized estimation equations (GEE) modeling techniques were used to measure the association. Results: At baseline, median RBP4 level was 19.9 mg/L (interquartile range [IQR]: 7.96), and at the end of the intervention, it was 20.6 mg/L (IQR: 9.06). Percentage changes in plasma RBP4 level were not significantly associated (P >.05) with the percentage changes in child’s height, weight, and subcutaneous adiposity. But maternal height (regression coefficient, β = −1.62, P =.002) and milk intake (β = −0.05, P =.01) were negatively and maternal weight was positively associated (β = 0.56, P =.03) with the changes in RBP4 levels. The GEE models revealed negative association of RBP4 levels with C-reactive protein (CRP; β = −0.14, P <.05) and α-1-acid glycoprotein (AGP; β = −0.03, P <.05). Conclusion: Children whose mothers were taller experienced less increase in plasma RBP4 level, and children whose mothers had a higher weight experienced more increase in the RBP4 level from baseline. We have also found that CRP and AGP levels and intake of whole milk were negatively associated with the plasma RBP4 level. © The Author(s) 2020.
Emerging protein biomarkers for the diagnosis or prediction of gestational diabetes—a scoping review; Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as hyperglycemia with onset or initial recognition during pregnancy, has a rising prevalence paralleling the rise in type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and obesity. GDM is associated with short-term and long-term consequences for both mother and child. Therefore, it is crucial we efficiently identify all cases and initiate early treatment, reducing fetal exposure to hyperglycemia and reducing GDM-related adverse pregnancy outcomes. For this reason, GDM screening is recommended as part of routine pregnancy care. The current screening method, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), is a lengthy, cumbersome and inconvenient test with poor reproducibility. Newer biomarkers that do not necessitate a fasting sample are needed for the prompt diagnosis of GDM. The aim of this scoping review is to highlight and describe emerging protein biomarkers that fulfill these requirements for the diagnosis of GDM. Materials and Methods: This scoping review was conducted according to preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines for scoping reviews using Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), the Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), PubMed, Embase and Web of Science with a double screening and extraction process. The search included all articles published in the literature to July 2020. Results: Of the 3519 original database citations identified, 385 were eligible for full-text review. Of these, 332 (86.2%) were included in the scoping review providing a total of 589 biomarkers studied in relation to GDM diagnosis. Given the high number of biomarkers identified, three post hoc criteria were introduced to reduce the items set for discussion: we chose only protein biomarkers with at least five citations in the articles identified by our search and published in the years 2017–2020. When applied, these criteria identified a total of 15 biomarkers, which went forward for review and discussion. Conclusions: This review details protein biomarkers that have been studied to find a suitable test for GDM diagnosis with the potential to replace the OGTT used in current GDM screening protocols. Ongoing research efforts will continue to identify more accurate and practical biomarkers to take GDM screening and diagnosis into the 21st century. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of Vitamin D AND the Vitamin D Receptor (VDR) in leprosy disease progression: Implication of new strategies for treatment and clinical management; Leprosy or Hansen's disease is a re-emerging neglected tropical disease caused by M. leprae. Most of the leprosy cases have been reported from Indian subcontinent, several tropical countries in Africa and parts of Latin America. In 2017, nearly 200,000 new cases of leprosy were reported and highest prevalence was from India. Multidrug therapy (MDT), consisting of dapsone, rifampicin and clofazimine, is the current recommended treatment for leprosy. Most of the countries across the globe have eliminated leprosy (prevalence is <1 per 10,000). However, emergence of drug-resistant strains and relapse cases are of concern. Therefore, clinical management of leprosy needs implementation of new strategies. Leprosy is often termed as the 'disease of poor' as the disease is more prevalent among people living with insufficient food and shelter. Vitamin D is a micronutrient and its inadequate intake is associated with many types of health problems including decreased immunity against bacterial and viral infections. Several studies have indicated that vitamin D deficiency is associated with tuberculosis and HIV, though based on current evidences it is inconclusive to say that vitamin D deficiency is the risk factor for prevalence and severity of these diseases. Lower vitamin D level is thought to be associated with leprosy disease as vitamin D is a modulator of Th1, Th2 and toll-like receptor (TLR) signaling and these are the major immune response pathways against M. leprae. Also, the countries where vitamin D deficiency is prevalent, the number of leprosy cases is higher and more new cases are reported as compared to the other countries. Vitamin D acts through its receptor VDR, hence VDR is equally important in vitamin D mediated immunity. Recent reports concluded the linkage between low VDR expressions and risk of severe forms of leprosy disease, suggesting that vitamin D and VDR based therapy may be helpful in clinical management of infected individuals and prevent the emergence of new cases. In this chapter we have highlighted the current evidences about the association of vitamin D and VDR to leprosy disease progression, hinting more systematic studies is warranted to better understand the intrinsic pathways involved. The knowledge will help in developing new strategies for treatment and clinical management of leprosy patients. © 2021 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Translating around the clock: Multi-level regulation of post-transcriptional processes by the circadian clock; The endogenous circadian clock functions to maintain optimal physiological health through the tissue specific coordination of gene expression and synchronization between tissues of metabolic processes throughout the 24 hour day. Individuals face numerous challenges to circadian function on a daily basis resulting in significant incidences of circadian disorders in the United States and worldwide. Dysfunction of the circadian clock has been implicated in numerous diseases including cancer, diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and hepatic abnormalities, mood disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. The circadian clock regulates molecular, metabolic and physiological processes through rhythmic gene expression via transcriptional and post-transcriptional processes. Mounting evidence indicates that post-transcriptional regulation by the circadian clock plays a crucial role in maintaining tissue specific biological rhythms. Circadian regulation affecting RNA stability and localization through RNA processing, mRNA degradation, and RNA availability for translation can result in rhythmic protein synthesis, even when the mRNA transcripts themselves do not exhibit rhythms in abundance. The circadian clock also targets the initiation and elongation steps of translation through multiple pathways. In this review, the influence of the circadian clock across the levels of post-transcriptional, translation, and post-translational modifications are examined using examples from humans to cyanobacteria demonstrating the phylogenetic conservation of circadian regulation. Lastly, we briefly discuss chronotherapies and pharmacological treatments that target circadian function. Understanding the complexity and levels through which the circadian clock regulates molecular and physiological processes is important for future advancement of therapeutic outcomes. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Central actions of insulin during pregnancy and lactation; Pregnancy and lactation are highly metabolically demanding states. Maternal glucose is a key fuel source for the growth and development of the fetus, as well as for the production of milk during lactation. Hence, the maternal body undergoes major adaptations in the systems regulating glucose homeostasis to cope with the increased demand for glucose. As part of these changes, insulin levels are elevated during pregnancy and lower in lactation. The increased insulin secretion during pregnancy plays a vital role in the periphery; however, the potential effects of increased insulin action in the brain have not been widely investigated. In this review, we consider the impact of pregnancy on brain access and brain levels of insulin. Moreover, we explore the hypothesis that pregnancy is associated with site-specific central insulin resistance that is adaptive, allowing for the increases in peripheral insulin secretion without the consequences of increased central and peripheral insulin functions, such as to stimulate glucose uptake into maternal tissues or to inhibit food intake. Conversely, the loss of central insulin actions may impair other functions, such as insulin control of the autonomic nervous system. The potential role of low insulin in facilitating adaptive responses to lactation, such as hyperphagia and suppression of reproductive function, are also discussed. We end the review with a list of key research questions requiring resolution. © 2021 British Society for Neuroendocrinology
Using a behavioural approach to explore the factors that affect questionnaire return within a clinical trial: A qualitative study based on the theoretical domains framework; Objectives To identify barriers and enablers to participant retention in trials requiring questionnaire return using the theoretical domains framework (TDF). Study design and setting We identified and subsequently invited participants who did not return at least one questionnaire during their participation in a clinical trial for one-to-one semi-structured telephone interviews. We used a behavioural framework (TDF) to explore whether any of the behavioural domains (eg, beliefs about consequences, emotion) affected questionnaire return. Thereafter, we generated a series of belief statements which summarised the content of participants' main responses and coded these under separate themes. Participants We distributed invites to 279 eligible individuals and subsequently interviewed 9 participants who took part in the C-Gall trial. The C-Gall trial required participants to complete five postal questionnaires during their participation. Results Nine participants were interviewed. We developed 7 overarching themes which were relevant for returning postal questionnaires and identified both barriers and enablers from 11 core domains: knowledge; beliefs about consequences; environmental context and resources; reinforcement; emotion; beliefs about capabilities; behavioural regulation; social professional role and identity; skills; intentions and goals. Relevant content coded under these salient domains were categorised into seven key themes: unclear expectations of trial participation, personal attributes for questionnaire return, commitment to returning questionnaires given other priorities, sources of support in returning the questionnaires, individual preferences for presentation mode and timing of the questionnaires, internal and external strategies to encourage questionnaire return and the significance of questionnaire non-return. Conclusion We demonstrate how a behavioural approach may be useful for clinical trials associated with significant participation burden (e.g. trials that require multiple questionnaire responses), acting as the essential groundwork for the development of appropriate evidence-based solutions to combat retention issues. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021.
Pasteurized non-fermented cow's milk but not fermented milk is a promoter of mTORC1-driven aging and increased mortality; Recent epidemiological studies in Sweden, a country with traditionally high milk consumption, revealed that the intake of non-fermented pasteurized milk increased all-cause mortality in a dose-dependent manner. In contrast, the majority of epidemiological and clinical studies report beneficial health effects of fermented milk products, especially of yogurt. It is the intention of this review to delineate potential molecular aging mechanisms related to the intake of non-fermented milk versus yogurt on the basis of mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) signaling. Non-fermented pasteurized milk via its high bioavailability of insulinotropic branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), abundance of lactose (glucosyl-galactose) and bioactive exosomal microRNAs (miRs) enhances mTORC1 signaling, which shortens lifespan and increases all-cause mortality. In contrast, fermentation-associated lactic acid bacteria metabolize BCAAs and degrade galactose and milk exosomes including their mTORC1-activating microRNAs. The Industrial Revolution, with the introduction of pasteurization and refrigeration of milk, restricted the action of beneficial milk-fermenting bacteria, which degrade milk's BCAAs, galactose and bioactive miRs that synergistically activate mTORC1. This unrecognized behavior change in humans after the Neolithic revolution increased aging-related over-activation of mTORC1 signaling in humans, who persistently consume large quantities of non-fermented pasteurized cow's milk, a potential risk factor for aging and all-cause mortality. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Obesity-induced vitamin D deficiency contributes to lung fibrosis and airway hyperresponsiveness; Vitamin D (VitD) has pleiotropic effects. VitD deficiency is closely involved with obesity and may contribute to the development of lung fibrosis and aggravation of airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR). We evaluated the causal relationship between VitD deficiency and the lung pathologies associated with obesity. In vivo effects of VitD supplementation were analyzed using high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obese mice and TGF-b1 (transforming growth factor-b1) triple transgenic mice. Effects of VitD supplementation were also evaluated in both BEAS-2B and primary lung cells from the transgenic mice. Obese mice had decreased 25-OH VitD and VitD receptor expressions with increases of insulin resistance, renin and angiotensin-2 system (RAS) activity, and leptin. In addition, lung pathologies such as a modest increase in macrophages, enhanced TGF-b1, IL-1b, and IL-6 expression, lung fibrosis, and AHR were found. VitD supplementation to HFD-induced obese mice recovered these findings. TGF-b1–overexpressing transgenic mice enhanced macrophages in BAL fluid, lung expression of RAS, epithelial–mesenchymal transition markers, AHR, and lung fibrosis. VitD supplementation also attenuated these findings in addition to the attenuation of the expressions of TGF-b1, and phosphorylated Smad-2/3 in lung. Supplementing in vitro–stimulated BEAS-2B and primary lung cells with VitD inhibited TGF-b1 expression, supporting the suppressive effect of VitD for TGF-b1 expression. These results suggest that obesity leads to VitD deficiency and worsens insulin resistance while enhancing the expression of leptin, RAS, TGF-b1, and proinflammatory cytokines. These changes may contribute to the development of lung fibrosis and AHR. VitD supplementation rescues these changes and may have therapeutic potential for asthma with obesity. Copyright © 2021 by the American Thoracic Society.
The role of probiotics and synbiotics on hirsutism; Probiotics and synbiotics are known to have beneficial effects on human health and disease. Hirsutism, a disorder that is characterised by the presence of coarse terminal hairs in a male-like pattern, is usually caused by elevated androgen levels in blood plasma. This disorder is usually observed in PCOS women and it is linked to insulin resistance (IR). Although idiopathic hirsutism (IH) is not shown to have excess androgen production from the ovarian and adrenal glands, increased 5α-reductase in peripheral tissues and insulin resistance are common observations. The effect of probiotics and synbiotics have been recently studied on PCOS women; androgens were also included in the hormonal groups that were investigated. Only a few studies focus on hirsutism and the potential effect of the beneficial microbes mentioned, whereas the increasing interest on insulin resistance and synbiotics indicate a potential beneficial effect on hirsutism through the management of insulin resistance. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Extent reflecting overall dietary amino acids composition adherence to the human requirement amino acids pattern is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes; This study aimed to elucidate whether dietary amino acids (AAs) composition is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and to investigate how serum AAs profiles mediated this association. Two prospective cohorts of 1750 and 4024 adults were enrolled. Dietary AAs compositions index (AACI) was developed to reflect the overall quality of dietary AAs composition. Multivariate linear regression and logistic regression models were used to examine associations of AACI and T2DM. The AACI was associated with the incidence of T2DM with the relative risk and 95%CI from the bottom to the top tertiles being 1.00, 1.49 (0.88-2.51) and 2.27 (1.20-4.28), and 1.00, 1.58 (1.13-2.19) and 2.33 (1.56-3.47) in the two cohorts, respectively. The AACI was positively associated with serum valine, isoleucine, glutamic acid and phenylalanine, and it was negatively associated with serum glycine and histidine in both cohorts (P<0.01). Valine, glutamic acid and histidine consistently and partially mediated the association between the AACI and T2DM in the two cohorts, with total mediation effects of 33.4% and 54.6%, respectively. Dietary AAs composition was associated with the incidence of T2DM, meanwhile, the relationship was mediated by some degree of serum AAs. Future dietary strategies should focus on the improvement of the overall quality of dietary AAs compositions. © 2021 Duan et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY 3.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Exposure to phthalates DEHP and DINP May lead to oxidative damage and lipidomic disruptions in mouse kidney; Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) has been well acknowledged for its endocrine disruption and associated metabolic diseases, leading to the search for safer industrial alternatives including di-isononyl phthalate (DINP). However, safety data for the latter chemical has been relatively scarce particularly regarding potential damage to the kidney at low doses. Five-week-old ICR male mice were exposed to vehicle, DEHP or DINP (0.05 and 4.8 mg/kg bw) daily via gavage for 5 weeks. We observed increased levels of reactive oxygen species and malondialdehyde, decreased levels of reduced glutathione, in the kidney at higher dose for both chemicals suggestive of oxidative damage. Elevated levels of inflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6 of the kidney further suggested inflammatory status as a result of phthalate exposure in both high dose groups. Targeted lipidomics demonstrated greatest changes in the kidney induced by high dose of DEHP, although DINP also induced significant changes in phospholipids diacylglycerides that are associated with lipid accumulation in glomerular podocytes and inflammatory responses. Our data suggest that oxidative stress may be involved in both DEHP- and DINP-induced renal lipidomic disruption and continue to question the suitability of DINP as proper DEHP substitute. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Influence of ethnicity on different aspects of polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review; This systematic review aimed to assess variations in the clinical presentation and treatment outcomes of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) belonging to different ethnicities. A search was performed for studies comparing various clinical aspects of PCOS in two or more different ethnic groups. After screening 2264 studies, 35 articles were included in the final analysis. In comparison with White women with PCOS (wPCOS), East Asian women with PCOS (eaPCOS) were less hirsute, whereas Hispanic women with PCOS (hPCOS), South Asian women with PCOS (saPCOS) and Middle Eastern women with PCOS (mePCOS) were more hirsute. saPCOS had higher androgen and lower sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) concentrations, mePCOS had higher DHEAS concentrations, and hPCOS and Black women with PCOS (bPCOS) had lower SHBG and DHEAS measures than wPCOS. Menstrual disturbances were more frequent in eaPCOS. Both saPCOS and eaPCOS had lower body mass index with increased central adiposity. hPCOS and bPCOS were more obese. saPCOS, mePCOS, hPCOS and bPCOS had a higher prevalence of insulin resistance than wPCOS. bPCOS had a better lipid profile but higher blood pressure and cardiovascular risk. Indigenous Australian women with PCOS were more obese and more insulin resistant with higher androgen concentrations. The clinical phenotype of PCOS therefore shows a wide variation depending on ethnicity. © 2020 Reproductive Healthcare Ltd.
Macronutrient intake during pregnancy in women with a history of obesity or gestational diabetes and offspring adiposity at 5 years of age; Background/objectives: The impact of maternal macronutrient intake during pregnancy on offspring childhood adiposity is unclear. We assessed the associations between maternal macronutrient intake during and after pregnancy with offspring adiposity at 5 years of age. Additionally, we investigated whether gestational diabetes (GDM), BMI, or breastfeeding modified these associations. Subjects/methods: Altogether, 301 mother–child dyads with maternal prepregnancy BMI ≥ 30 and/or previous GDM participated in the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) and its 5 years follow-up. Macronutrient intakes (E%) were calculated from 3-day food records collected at 5–18 weeks’ gestation, in the third trimester, and at 12 months and 5 years after pregnancy. Offspring body fat mass (BFM) and fat percentage (BF%) at 5 years were measured by bioimpedance. Statistical analyses were multivariate linear regression. Results: Mean (SD) prepregnancy BMI was 33(4) kg/m2. GDM was diagnosed in 47%. In normoglycemic women, higher first half of pregnancy n-3 PUFA intake was associated with lower offspring BFM (g) (ß −0.90; 95% CI −1.62, −0.18) and BF% (ß −3.45; 95% CI −6.17, −0.72). In women with GDM, higher first half of pregnancy n-3 PUFA intake was associated with higher offspring BFM (ß 0.94; 95% CI 0.14, 1.75) and BF% (ß 3.21; 95% CI 0.43, 5.99). Higher SFA intake in the third trimester and cumulative intake across pregnancy (mean of the first half and late pregnancy) was associated with higher BFM and BF% (across pregnancy: ß 0.12; 95% CI 0.03, 0.20 and ß 0.44; 95% CI 0.15, 0.73, respectively). Higher carbohydrate intake across pregnancy was associated with lower BFM (ß −0.044; 95% CI −0.086, −0.003), and borderline associated with BF% (ß −0.15; 95% CI −0.31, 0.00). Conclusions: The macronutrient composition of maternal diet during pregnancy is associated with offspring BFM and BF% at 5 years. GDM modifies the association between prenatal n-3 PUFA intake and offspring anthropometrics. © 2021, The Author(s).
Seeing the fetus from a DOHaD perspective: Discussion paper from the advanced imaging techniques of DOHaD applications workshop held at the 2019 DOHaD World Congress; Advanced imaging techniques are enhancing research capacity focussed on the developmental origins of adult health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, and consequently increasing awareness of future health risks across various subareas of DOHaD research themes. Understanding how these advanced imaging techniques in animal models and human population studies can be both additively and synergistically used alongside traditional techniques in DOHaD-focussed laboratories is therefore of great interest. Global experts in advanced imaging techniques congregated at the advanced imaging workshop at the 2019 DOHaD World Congress in Melbourne, Australia. This review summarizes the presentations of new imaging modalities and novel applications to DOHaD research and discussions had by DOHaD researchers that are currently utilizing advanced imaging techniques including MRI, hyperpolarized MRI, ultrasound, and synchrotron-based techniques to aid their DOHaD research focus. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2020.
Low levels of spexin and adiponectin may predict insulin resistance in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver; Adipose tissue is endocrine organ that responds by secreting numerous hormones that regulate metabolism in skeletal muscle and the liver. The aim of this study was to compare the levels of spexin and adiponectin in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver and evaluate the relationship between circulating adipocytokines and insulin resistance. Two groups of subjects were evaluated: 41 non-alcoholic fatty liver subjects (age 35.17 ​± ​12.29 year, BMI 30.97 ​± ​2.75 ​kg/m2) and 38 normal controls (age 38.47 ​± ​11.63 year, BMI 22.83 ​± ​3.00 ​kg/m2). Plasma concentrations of spexin and adiponectin were determined using immunosorbent assay kits. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) formula derived from fasting insulin and glucose levels. Compared to normal controls, plasma concentrations of spexin and adiponectin were significantly lower in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver (P ​< ​0.001). Spexin did not correlate with BMI but did significantly correlate with HOMA-IR (r ​= ​-0.368; P ​= ​0.018) and adiponectin (r ​= ​0.378; P ​= ​0.043), and this correlation remained significant after adjustment for gender and BMI. In this small group of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver we demonstrated that insulin resistance correlated strongly with spexin and adiponectin levels. © 2021 The Authors
Perinatal Outcomes and Risk Factors for Preterm Birth in Twin Pregnancies in a Chinese Population: A Multi-center Retrospective Study; Background: Twin pregnancies are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, mainly owing to prematurity. Few studies have evaluated the risk factors for preterm birth (PTB) in Chinese population. The objective of this study is to present the short-term maternal-neonatal outcomes, investigating the potential risk factors associated with preterm birth in Chinese twin pregnancies. Methods: A multi-center retrospective study of women pregnant with twins ≥28 weeks of gestation was conducted. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were analyzed. Logistic regression was used to identify potential risk factors for PTB before 37, 34, and 32 weeks, respectively. Results: A total of 3,288 twin pregnancies and 6,576 neonates were included in 99,585 pregnancies. The rate of twin pregnancy was 3.3%, while the PTB rate before 37, 34, and 32 weeks among this population were 62.1, 18.8, and 10.4%, respectively. Logistic regression revealed that monochorionicity [Odds ratio (OR) 3.028, 95% confident interval (CI) 2.489–3.683, P < 0.001], gestational weight gain (GWG) <10 kg (OR 2.285, 95% CI 1.563–3.339, P < 0.001) and GWG between 10 and 15 kg (OR 1.478, 95% CI 1.188–1.839, P < 0.001), preeclampsia (PE) (OR 3.067, 95% CI 2.142–4.390, P < 0.001), and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR 3.122, 95% CI 2.121–4.596, P < 0.001) were the risk factors for PTB before 37 weeks. Monochorionicity (OR 2.865, 95% CI 2.344–3.501, P < 0.001), age < 25 years (OR 1.888, 95% CI 1.307–2.728, P = 0.001), and GWG <10 kg (OR 3.100, 95% CI 2.198–4.372, P < 0.001) were risk factors for PTB before 34 weeks. Monochorionicity (OR 2.566, 95% CI 1.991–3.307, P < 0.001), age younger than 25 years (OR 1.964, 95% CI 1.265–3.048, P = 0.003), and GWG <10 kg (OR 4.319, 95% CI 2.931–6.364, P < 0.001) were the risk factors for PTB before 32 weeks. Conclusions: Monochorionicity and GWG <10 kg were two major risk factors for PTB before 32, 34, and 37 weeks, whereas maternal age, PE, and ICP were also risk factors for PTB in specific gestational age. © Copyright © 2021 Li, Gao, Liu, Hu, Chen, He, Tang, Liu and Cao.
Association of Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C with type 2 diabetes niellitus; Hepatitis B,Hepatitis C,ami type 2 diabetes niellitus (T2DM) are serious public health issues worldwide.This article analyzes the association of Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C with T2DM.The analysts shows that on the one hand,both Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C promote the pathogenesis ofT2DM,which involves viral infection inhibiting insulin signal transduction as well as glucose uptake and glycogen synthe¬sis in insulin target cells; on the other hand,patients with T2D.M are prone to Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C,which may be associated with mul¬tiple organ dysfunction eaused by dial»etes. © 2021 Editorial Board of Jilin University. All Rights Reserved.
High baseline FGF21 levels are associated with poor glucose-lowering efficacy of exenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes; Aims: To investigate the association between fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) levels and glycemic response to exenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: The exploratory analysis of a multi-center trial included 190 patients with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled by monotherapy or combination therapy of metformin and insulin secretagogues. All participants received exenatide twice daily as an add-on therapy for 16 weeks. Serum FGF21 and other information at the baseline and end of follow-ups were obtained. Linear regression analysis was used to determine the correlations between baseline FGF21 levels and HbA1c reduction from baseline after the treatment. Results: After 16 weeks of treatment with exenatide, a decline in the HbA1c levels from baseline was associated with higher baseline FGF21 levels among all participants (r = 0.193, P = 0.008) and in subgroup of the participants receiving background metformin monotherapy (r = 0.231, P = 0.034). Compared with patients in the lowest FGF21 quartile, patients in the highest FGF21 quartile showed a significantly weakened decline in HbA1c levels from baseline among all participants (β = − 0.16 [95% Cl − 0.31 to − 0.01], P < 0.05) and in subgroup of the participants receiving background metformin monotherapy (β = − 0.23 [95% Cl − 0.43 to − 0.03], P < 0.05), after adjusting for the confounding factors, including age, sex, and baseline HbA1c levels. Conclusions: The high baseline FGF21 levels are associated with poor glycemic responses to exenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes. Therefore, FGF21 could be used as a biomarker for predicting the efficacy of exenatide treatment. Trial registration: ChiCTR-IPR-15006558, date registered May 27, 2015. © 2021, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Metabolic syndrome during gestation and lactation: An important renal problem in dams. selenium renal clearance; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) in lactating dams leads to several cardiometabolic changes related to selenium (Se) status and selenoproteins expression which produce hypertension. However, little is known about the state of these dams’ kidney functions and their Se deposits. Methods: Two experimental groups of dam rats were used: control (Se: 0.1 ppm) and MS (Fructose 65 % and Se: 0.1 ppm). At the end of lactation (21d postpartum) kidney weight and protein content, Se deposits, and the activity of the antioxidant selenoprotein glutathione peroxidase (GPx) were measured in dams. Kidney functional parameters: albuminuria, creatinine clearance, serum aldosterone and uric acid levels and water and electrolyte (Na+ and K+) balance were also evaluated. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) was measured. Results: In MS dams at the end of lactation Se deposits and GPx activity are higher in the kidney; however, lipid renal peroxidation appears, relative Se clearance increases, and the dams have lost Se by urine. MS dams have polyuria and polydipsia, high uric acid serum levels, albuminuria and high creatinine clearance, implying glomerular renal malfunction with protein loss. They also present hypernatremia, hypokalemia and hyperaldosteronemia, leading to high SBP; however, a natriuretic process is taking place. Conclusion: Since these alterations appear, at least in part, to be related to oxidative stress in renal cells, Se supplementation could be beneficial to avoiding greater lipid renal oxidation during lactation. © 2020
A study of biochemical parameters in pregnant women in iii trimester with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (Nafld); Introduction and Aim: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the common causes of liver cirrhosis among general population. Studies have identified NAFLD and evaluated lipid profile in pregnant women. Some have explored association that existed between lipid levels and adverse pregnancy outcome in western countries. Our aim was to find the prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnant women among rural population in their III trimester and to assess dyslipidemia in these women. Materials and Methods: This is a prospective study conducted on 101 rural pregnant women coming for antenatal visits in their third trimester to Dept., of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, PESIMSR, Kuppam. Liver scan was done during the regular obstetric scan to identify NAFLD. All pregnant women underwent lipid profile testing (Triglyceride, Total Cholesterol, HDL, LDL, VLDL). Results: There was a 1% prevalence of NAFLD among 101 rural expectant mothers. Lipid profile significantly (p<0.05) increased with increased BMI, parity and highly educated and fairly good socioeconomic background. Women with higher body mass index and triglyceride levels delivered babies with large birth weight (p<0.05). Conclusion: There are metabolic derangements in pregnant women leading to dyslipidemia even among those who did not have NAFLD. High parity women and those with high atherogenicity are at cardiovascular risk diseases in future. We suggest further studies to establish biological reference ranges for lipid profile during pregnancy. There is a need for, pregnant women to be assessed for dyslipidemia and screened for NAFLD by scanning liver along with routine obstetric scan in tertiary care centre. © 2021, Indian Association of Biomedical Scientists. All rights reserved.
Targeting the epigenome in in-stent restenosis: from mechanisms to therapy; Coronary artery disease (CAD) is one of the most common causes of death worldwide. The introduction of percutaneous revascularization has revolutionized the therapy of patients with CAD. Despite the advent of drug-eluting stents, restenosis remains the main challenge in treating patients with CAD. In-stent restenosis (ISR) indicates the reduction in lumen diameter after percutaneous coronary intervention, in which the vessel's lumen re-narrowing is attributed to the aberrant proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) and dysregulation of endothelial cells (ECs). Increasing evidence has demonstrated that epigenetics is involved in the occurrence and progression of ISR. In this review, we provide the latest and comprehensive analysis of three separate but related epigenetic mechanisms regulating ISR, namely, DNA methylation, histone modification, and non-coding RNAs. Initially, we discuss the mechanism of restenosis. Furthermore, we discuss the biological mechanism underlying the diverse epigenetic modifications modulating gene expression and functions of VSMCs, as well as ECs in ISR. Finally, we discuss potential therapeutic targets of the small molecule inhibitors of cardiovascular epigenetic factors. A more detailed understanding of epigenetic regulation is essential for elucidating this complex biological process, which will assist in developing and improving ISR therapy. Yang et al. review the mechanism of epigenetic regulation of restenosis and discuss molecule regulators for epigenetic modification. This review provides important insights into the underlying mechanisms of restenosis, and it provides potential regulatory therapeutic targets for proliferative vascular diseases, especially for restenosis. © 2021 The Author(s)
Sex-specific responses in placental fatty acid oxidation, esterification and transfer capacity to maternal obesity; Fatty acid metabolism and oxidation capacity in the placenta, which likely affects the rate and composition of lipid delivered to the fetus remains poorly understood. Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are critical for fetal growth and brain development. We determined the impact of maternal obesity on placental fatty acid oxidation, esterification and transport capacity by measuring PhosphatidylCholine (PC) and LysoPhosphatidylCholine (LPC) containing DHA by mass spectrometry in mother-placenta-baby triads as well as placental free carnitine and acylcarnitine metabolites in women with normal and obese pre-pregnancy BMI. Placental protein expression of enzymes involved in beta-oxidation and esterification pathways, MFSD2a (lysophosphatidylcholine transporter) and OCTN2 (carnitine transporter) expression in syncytiotrophoblast microvillous (MVM) and basal (BM) membranes were determined by Western Blot. Maternal obesity was associated with decreased umbilical cord plasma DHA in LPC and PC fractions in male, but not female, fetuses. Basal membrane MFSD2a protein expression was increased in placenta of males of obese mothers. In female placentas, despite an increased MVM OCTN2 expression, maternal obesity was associated with a reduced MUFA-carnitine levels and increased esterification enzymes. We speculate that lower DHA-PL in fetal circulation of male offspring of obese mothers, despite a significant increase in transporter expression for LPC-DHA, may lead to low DHA needed for brain development contributing to neurological consequences that are more prevalent in male children. Female placentas likely have reduced beta-oxidation capacity and appear to store FA through greater placental esterification, suggesting impaired placenta function and lipid transfer in female placentas of obese mothers. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Lactation as a programming window for metabolic syndrome; The concept of developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) was initially supported by the low birth weight and higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease in adult life, caused by nutrition restriction during foetal development. However, other programming windows have been recognized in the last years, namely lactation, infancy, adolescence and even preconception. Although the concept has been developed in order to study the impact of foetal calorie restriction in adult life, it is now recognized that maternal overweight during programming windows is also harmful to the offspring. This article explores and summarizes the current knowledge about the impact of maternal obesity and obesogenic diets during lactation in the metabolic programming towards the development of metabolic syndrome in the adult life. The impact of maternal obesity and obesogenic diets in milk quality is discussed, including the alterations in specific micro and macronutrients, as well as the impact of such alterations in the development of metabolic syndrome-associated features in the newborn, such as insulin resistance and adiposity. Moreover, the impact of milk quality and formula feeding in infants’ gut microbiota, immune system maturation and in the nutrient-sensing mechanisms, namely those related to gut hormones and leptin, are also discussed under the current knowledge. © 2020 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
FGF21 Serum Levels in the Early Second Trimester Are Positively Correlated With the Risk of Subsequent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Propensity-Matched Nested Case-Control Study; Background: As an important endocrine hormone regulating glucose metabolism, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is increased in individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after 24 gestational weeks. However, it is unknown whether the increase in FGF21 precedes the diagnosis of GDM. Methods: In this nested case-control study, 133 pregnant women with GDM and 133 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were identified through propensity score matching, and serum FGF21 levels were measured at 14 to 21 gestational weeks, before GDM is routinely identified. The differences in FGF21 levels were compared. The association between FGF21 and the occurrence of GDM was evaluated using logistic regression models with adjustment for confounders. Results: The serum FGF21 levels of the GDM group at 14 to 21 gestational weeks were significantly higher than those of the NGT group overall (P < 0.001), with similar results observed between the corresponding BMI subgroups (P < 0.05). The 2nd (OR 1.224, 95% CI 0.603–2.485), 3rd (OR 2.478, 1.229–5.000), and 4th (OR 3.419, 95% CI 1.626–7.188) FGF21 quartiles were associated with greater odds of GDM occurrence than the 1st quartile after multivariable adjustments. Conclusions: The serum FGF21 levels in GDM groups increased in the early second trimester, regardless of whether participants were stratified according to BMI. After adjusting for confounding factors, the FGF21 levels in the highest quartile were associated with more than three times higher probability of the diagnosis of GDM in the pregnancy as compared to levels in the first quartile. © Copyright © 2021 Wang, Yuan, Xu, Zhang, Ying and Xiao.
Exposure to high fructose corn syrup during adolescence in the mouse alters hepatic metabolism and the microbiome in a sex-specific manner; Key points: The prevalence of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children is dramatically increasing at the same time as consumption of foods with a high sugar content. Intake of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is a possible aetiology as it is thought to be more lipogenic than glucose. In a mouse model, HFCS intake during adolescence increased fat mass and hepatic lipid levels in male and female mice. However, only males showed impaired glucose tolerance. Multiple metabolites including lipids, bile acids, carbohydrates and amino acids were altered in liver in a sex-specific manner at 6 weeks of age. Some of these changes were also present in adulthood even though HFCS exposure ended at 6 weeks. HFCS significantly altered the gut microbiome, which was associated with changes in key microbial metabolites. These results suggest that HFCS intake during adolescence has profound metabolic changes that are linked to changes in the microbiome and these changes are sex-specific. Abstract: The rapid increase in obesity, diabetes and fatty liver disease in children over the past 20 years has been linked to increased consumption of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), making it essential to determine the short- and long-term effects of HFCS during this vulnerable developmental window. We hypothesized that HFCS exposure during adolescence significantly impairs hepatic metabolic signalling pathways and alters gut microbial composition, contributing to changes in energy metabolism with sex-specific effects. C57bl/6J mice with free access to HFCS during adolescence (3–6 weeks of age) underwent glucose tolerance and body composition testing and hepatic metabolomics, gene expression and triglyceride content analysis at 6 and 30 weeks of age (n = 6–8 per sex). At 6 weeks HFCS-exposed mice had significant increases in fat mass, glucose intolerance, hepatic triglycerides (females) and de novo lipogenesis gene expression (ACC, DGAT, FAS, ChREBP, SCD, SREBP, CPT and PPARα) with sex-specific effects. At 30 weeks, HFCS-exposed mice also had abnormalities in glucose tolerance (males) and fat mass (females). HFCS exposure enriched carbohydrate, amino acid, long chain fatty acid and secondary bile acid metabolism at 6 weeks with changes in secondary bile metabolism at 6 and 30 weeks. Microbiome studies performed immediately before and after HFCS exposure identified profound shifts of microbial species in male mice only. In summary, short-term HFCS exposure during adolescence induces fatty liver, alters important metabolic pathways, some of which continue to be altered in adulthood, and changes the microbiome in a sex-specific manner. © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2021 The Physiological Society
Effect of Yogurt Consumption on Metabolic Syndrome Risk Factors: a Narrative Review; Purpose of Review: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) comprises risk factors such as obesity, hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension, and hyperglycemia. Here we described the outcome of various yogurt consumption, either conventional, low-fat, high-fat, Greek, or enriched with nutrients or probiotics: (1) on the parameters of MetS risk factors and (2) on the mechanisms of action of the MetS risk factors. Recent Finding: The majority (25 studies) of clinical trials and meta-analyses of clinical trials reported a beneficial effect of yogurt consumption in the prevention of MetS risk. Yogurt components, such as calcium, vitamin D, proteins, and probiotics, were associated with the multiple beneficial effects on the prevention of MetS. Summary: In general, yogurt consumption may be promoted within healthy dietary patterns to prevent MetS. More studies are needed to determine what type of yogurt has the greatest benefits for specific MetS risk factor prevention. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature.
A Comprehensive Systematic Review of the Effects of Naringenin, a Citrus-Derived Flavonoid, on Risk Factors for Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common cause of liver dysfunction worldwide. Recently, some natural compounds have attracted growing interest in the treatment of NAFLD. In this context, most attention has been paid to natural products derived from fruits, vegetables, and medicinal herbs. Naringenin, a natural flavanone, has been revealed to have pharmacological effects in the treatment of obesity and associated metabolic disorders such as NAFLD. The aim of this study was to examine the therapeutic effects of naringenin and its possible mechanisms of action in the management of NAFLD and related risk factors. The current systematic review was performed according to the guidelines of the 2015 PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis) statements. We searched PubMed/Medline, Science Direct, Scopus, ProQuest, and Google Scholar databases up until February 2020. Of 1217 full-text articles assessed, 36 studies met the inclusion criteria. The evidence reviewed in the present study indicates that naringenin modulates several biological processes related to NAFLD including energy balance, lipid and glucose metabolism, inflammation, and oxidative stress by different mechanisms. Overall, the favorable effects of naringenin along with its more potency and efficacy, compared with other antioxidants, indicate that naringenin may be a promising therapeutic approach for the management of NAFLD and associated complications. However, due to the lack of clinical trials, future robust human randomized clinical trials that address the effects of naringenin on NAFLD and other liver-related diseases are crucial. Further careful human pharmacokinetic studies are also needed to establish dosage ranges, as well as addressing preliminary safety and tolerability of naringenin, before proceeding to larger-scale endpoint trials.  Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
The effects of assisted reproduction technologies on metabolic health and disease; The increasing prevalence of metabolic diseases places a substantial burden on human health throughout the world. It is believed that predisposition to metabolic disease starts early in life, a period of great susceptibility to epigenetic reprogramming due to environmental insults. Assisted reproductive technologies (ART), i.e., treatments for infertility, may affect embryo development, resulting in multiple adverse health outcomes in postnatal life. The most frequently observed alteration in ART pregnancies is impaired placental nutrient transfer. Moreover, consequent intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight followed by catch-up growth can all predict future obesity, insulin resistance, and chronic metabolic diseases. In this review, we have focused on evidence of adverse metabolic alterations associated with ART, which can contribute to the development of chronic adult-onset diseases, such as metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Due to high phenotypic plasticity, ART pregnancies can produce both offspring with adverse health outcomes, as well as healthy individuals. We further discuss the sex-specific and age-dependent metabolic alterations reflected in ART offspring, and how the degree of interference of a given ART procedure (from mild to more severe manipulation of the egg) affects the occurrence and degree of offspring alterations. Over the last few years, studies have reported signs of cardiometabolic alterations in ART offspring that are detectable at a young age but that do not appear to constitute a high risk of disease and morbidity per se. These abnormal phenotypes could be early indicators of the development of chronic diseases, including metabolic syndrome, in adulthood. The early detection of metabolic alterations could contribute to preventing the onset of disease in adulthood. Such early interventions may counteract the risk factors and improve the long-term health of the individual. © 2021 The Author(s).
The prevalence of metabolic associated fatty liver detected by FibroScan® in women with gestational diabetes in a multiethnic population; Aims: Metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and has been increasingly associated with gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the prevalence of MAFLD in women with GDM in the antenatal period. Methods: 108 pregnant women with GDM diagnosed on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test were enrolled from a multiethnic cohort attending a large obstetrics clinic in Sydney, Australia and had a single FibroScan® assessment after 24 weeks gestation to assess for hepatic steatosis and fibrosis. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) cut-off score of ≥ 233.5 dB/m was chosen to signify presence of hepatic steatosis which indicates MAFLD. Obstetric, anthropometric and metabolic measures were analysed. Results: 29 (26.9%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD, whilst none had evidence of hepatic fibrosis. Increased maternal BMI (aOR 1.12, 95% CI: 1.04–1.20) was associated with the finding of MAFLD in this cohort. Conclusions: We found a significant antenatal prevalence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in this cohort of multiethnic women with GDM. FibroScan® is a safe and rapid assessment tool which may have a role in screening for MAFLD in pregnancy in appropriate at-risk women. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Reverse pharmacology of phytoconstituents of food and plant in the management of diabetes: Current status and perspectives; Background: The history and the discovery of the benefits of traditional medicines are fascinating over wide variety of disease. Various molecules have been erupted from traditional medicine for various diseases through reverse pharmacology. In current scenario plant-based medicines backed by modern scientific evidences are one of the most promising therapies in diabetes management. Scope and approach: Garlic (allicin), European barberry (berberine), Bitter gourd (charantin, polypeptide-p), Sweet potato (adiponectin, tiliroside), Orka (quercetin, hyperin) are some plants that have been used in folk medicine as well as traditional healing systems and are being assessed for their hypoglycemic effects in modern medicine. Key findings and conclusions: “Old wine in new bottle” proverb applies traditional medicine in new modern medicine. Various novel delivery aspects have modified the pharmacokinetics of phytochemicals and indirectly enhance the bioavailability, which in turn gives fruitful effect of their therapeutic action. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Use of data-independent acquisition mass spectrometry for comparative proteomics analyses of sera from pregnant women with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; We used data-independent acquisition (DIA) proteomics technology followed by ELISAs and automated biochemical analyses to identify and validate protein expression levels in Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy (ICP) and healthy pregnant controls. We employed bioinformatics to identify metabolic processes associated with differentially expressed proteins.The expression levels of two proteins (S100-A9 and the L-lactate dehydrogenase A chain) were significantly higher in ICP patients than in controls; the areas under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves (AUCs) were 0.774 and 0.828, respectively. The expression levels of two other proteins (apolipoprotein A-I and cholinesterase) were significantly lower in patients, with values of 0.900 and 0.842, respectively. Multiple logistic regression showed that a combination of the levels of the four proteins optimized the AUC (0.962), thus more reliably diagnosing ICP. The levels of all four proteins were positively associated with that of total bile acids. Bioinformatics analyses indicated that the four proteins principally affected neutrophil activation involved in the immune response, cell adhesion, lipoprotein metabolism, and the PPAR signaling pathway. Significance: This preliminary work improves our understanding of changes in serum levels of protein in pregnant women with ICP. The four proteins may serve as novel noninvasive biomarkers for ICP. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Obese Youth With Insulin Resistance and Type 2 Diabetes; Currently, Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is the most prevalent form of chronic liver disease in children and adolescents worldwide. Simultaneously to the epidemic spreading of childhood obesity, the rate of affected young has dramatically increased in the last decades with an estimated prevalence of NAFLD of 3%–10% in pediatric subjects in the world. The continuous improvement in NAFLD knowledge has significantly defined several risk factors associated to the natural history of this complex liver alteration. Among them, Insulin Resistance (IR) is certainly one of the main features. As well, not surprisingly, abnormal glucose tolerance (prediabetes and diabetes) is highly prevalent among children/adolescents with biopsy-proven NAFLD. In addition, other factors such as genetic, ethnicity, gender, age, puberty and lifestyle might affect the development and progression of hepatic alterations. However, available data are still lacking to confirm whether IR is a risk factor or a consequence of hepatic steatosis. There is also evidence that NAFLD is the hepatic manifestation of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). In fact, NAFLD often coexist with central obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension, which represent the main features of MetS. In this Review, main aspects of the natural history and risk factors of the disease are summarized in children and adolescents. In addition, the most relevant scientific evidence about the association between NAFLD and metabolic dysregulation, focusing on clinical, pathogenetic, and histological implication will be provided with some focuses on the main treatment options. © Copyright © 2021 Scapaticci, D’Adamo, Mohn, Chiarelli and Giannini.
Effect of Sitagliptin on Serum Irisin Levels in Patients with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Irisin is a unique myokine with striking effects on regulating insulin sensitivity and energy metabolism. This study aimed to investigate the changes in serum irisin in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) following sitagliptin treatment. Methods: Thirty-two patients with T2DM were treated with 100 mg/day sitagliptin for 16 weeks. Twenty age-, sex- and body mass index (BMI)-matched healthy subjects were enrolled as the control group. Irisin and metabolic parameters were measured at baseline and after treatment. Results: Patients with T2DM had lower irisin levels than the controls (10.03 ± 2.06 vs. 13.06 ± 3.10 ng/ml, P < 0.01). Sitagliptin treatment significantly increased serum irisin levels in T2DM patients compared to baseline (11.18 ± 1.91 vs. 10.03 ± 2.06 ng/ml, P < 0.01). Increased irisin levels were associated with decreased fasting blood glucose (FBG) (β = − 0.24, P < 0.05) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (β = − 0.15, P < 0.05). Conclusions: Sitagliptin treatment significantly increased serum irisin levels in patients with T2DM, and the increase of the irisin level was associated with decreases of FBG and HbA1c levels. These results suggest that irisin might be involved in the antidiabetic mechanisms of sitagliptin. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT04495881. © 2021, The Author(s).
Excessive early-life cholesterol exposure may have later-life consequences for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; The in utero and immediate postnatal environments are recognized as critical windows of developmental plasticity where offspring are highly susceptible to changes in the maternal metabolic milieu. Maternal hypercholesterolemia (MHC) is a pathological condition characterized by an exaggerated rise in maternal serum cholesterol during pregnancy which can program metabolic dysfunction in offspring, including dysregulation of hepatic lipid metabolism. Although there is currently no established reference range MHC, a loosely defined cutoff point for total cholesterol >280 mg/dL in the third trimester has been suggested. There are several unanswered questions regarding this condition particularly with regard to how the timing of cholesterol exposure influences hepatic lipid dysfunction and the mechanisms through which these adaptations manifest in adulthood. Gestational hypercholesterolemia increased fetal hepatic lipid concentrations and altered lipid regulatory mRNA and protein content. These early changes in hepatic lipid metabolism are evident in the postweaning environment and persist into adulthood. Further, changes to hepatic epigenetic signatures including microRNA (miR) and DNA methylation are observed in utero, at weaning, and are evident in adult offspring. In conclusion, early exposure to cholesterol during critical developmental periods can predispose offspring to the early development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) which is characterized by altered regulatory function beginning in utero and persisting throughout the life cycle. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2020.
Diabetes in pregnancy-Gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus associated with intolerance of carbohydrate may occur in pregnancy due to insulin resistance and the environment of diabetogenic stress leading to the compensatory increase in the insulin secretion by the action of the placental hormones. The hyperglycemic episodes which are detected first during pregnancy lead to diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The risk factors for GDM include excessive gestational weight gain, obesity, advanced maternal age, family and personal history of GDM, intrauterine environment (low or high birth weight), and other diseases of insulin resistance. The consequences of GDM comprise increased risk of hypertensive states, hyperinsulinemia and lipid abnormalities that may proceed to the incidence of cardiovascular diseases and occurrence of metabolic diseases. There is also an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, macrosomia, stillbirth, infection and the other complications in the foetus. Patient education about the effectual medical nutrition therapy and the self-monitoring of the blood glucose levels is crucial. A in-depth comprehensive study of the associated physiological factors, pathological mechanisms and the genetic associations would further help in the identification, diagnostic screening and thus effective management of the patient by virtue of pharmacological and lifestyle modification strategies to achieve euglycemia and thus put an end to this cycle of transmission. The aim of this article is to critically and thoroughly review GDM in an elaborative and comprehensive manner, its management during labour, postnatal period and pre-existing diabetic conditions along with effective follow-up practices along with providing an insight into the recent pharmacotherapeutic approaches. © 2021 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Anesthetic Management of the Pregnant Patient: Part 1; As delays in the age for a mother's first pregnancy continue to trend upward globally, particularly in developed countries, many pregnant patients are increasingly educated on the importance of obtaining dental care throughout their pregnancies. Guidelines set forth by the American Dental Association and the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists highlight the importance of dental treatment for optimizing maternal-fetal health across all trimesters, especially for emergent dental issues. The pregnant dental patient undergoes significant physiologic remodeling unique to each trimester, which may complicate treatment. Providing safe anxiety and pain control for dentistry can be further complicated if sedation or general anesthesia is required for the parturient. This is even more true when superimposed with increasingly prevalent underlying comorbidities like hypertension and diabetes. As dental providers, there is a clear need for continuing education on the many challenges associated with caring for pregnant patients due to this being an often overlooked subject in undergraduate and postgraduate dental education. Part 1 of this review will present the maternal and fetal physiologic considerations and the impact on patient management from an anesthetic perspective. Additional discussion focusing on common sedative and anesthetic agents used during dental procedures and their considerations will follow in Part 2. © 2021 by the American Dental Society of Anesthesiology.
Biological Functions of RBP4 and Its Relevance for Human Diseases; Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a member of the lipocalin family and the major transport protein of the hydrophobic molecule retinol, also known as vitamin A, in the circulation. Expression of RBP4 is highest in the liver, where most of the body’s vitamin A reserves are stored as retinyl esters. For the mobilization of vitamin A from the liver, retinyl esters are hydrolyzed to retinol, which then binds to RBP4 in the hepatocyte. After associating with transthyretin (TTR), the retinol/RBP4/TTR complex is released into the bloodstream and delivers retinol to tissues via binding to specific membrane receptors. So far, two distinct RBP4 receptors have been identified that mediate the uptake of retinol across the cell membrane and, under specific conditions, bi-directional retinol transport. Although most of RBP4’s actions depend on its role in retinoid homeostasis, functions independent of retinol transport have been described. In this review, we summarize and discuss the recent findings on the structure, regulation, and functions of RBP4 and lay out the biological relevance of this lipocalin for human diseases. © Copyright © 2021 Steinhoff, Lass and Schupp.
Short term cardiovascular risk in normotensive women after hypertensive pregnancy; Introduction: Hypertensive pregnancy was recognized as a risk factor of cardiovascular events. The aim of our study was to evaluate the short-term cardiovascular risk in normotensive females with previous hypertensive pregnancy. Material and methods: A prospective cohort study was conducted on 50 females with previous normotensive pregnancy and 50 females with previous hypertensive pregnancy. All patients were re-evaluated three months postpartum to be sure that they became normotensive. One year postpartum, all patients were subjected to renal function tests, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio for microalbuminuria, glycated hemoglobin, complete lipid profile, echocardiographic assessment of left ventricular mass index and carotid duplex for measurement of intimal–medial thickness, presence of carotid plaques and stenosis. Results: No significant difference between both groups regarding blood pressure level three months postpartum. No significant difference between both groups regarding serum creatinine. Patients with previous hypertensive pregnancy group had significantly higher microalbuminuria compared with previous normotensive pregnancy group (p = 0.000). Serum LDL and triglycerides were significantly higher however HDL was significantly lower in those with previous hypertensive pregnancy, however all lipid profile measures were within normal range. No significant difference between both groups regarding left ventricular mass index and carotid intima-media thickness. No evidence of carotid plaques or stenosis in both groups. Conclusions: Previous hypertensive pregnancy was associated with increased risk of microalbuminuria at short term level even after normalization of blood pressure post-partum. Longer period of follow up is required to establish the potential cardiovascular risk in these patients. © 2020 SEH-LELHA
Guideline for the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in China (2020 edition); With the great progress made in the research of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), more evidence on the prevention, diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of diabetes and its chronic complications has emerged. Chinese Diabetes Society (CDS) specially organized experts to revise the original guideline, and formed the Guideline for the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in China (2020 Edition), aiming at transmitting important progress and guiding clinical practice. This guide consists of 19 chapters, covering epidemiology of diabetes in China, diagnosis and classification of diabetes, tertiary prevention of T2DM, screening and evaluation of diabetes, education and management of diabetes, comprehensive control target of T2DM and treatment of hyperglycemia, medical nutrition, exercise therapy and weight management, drug treatment of hyperglycemia, diabetes related technologies, acute and chronic complications of diabetes, hypoglycemia, special conditions of diabetes, metabolic syndrome and traditional Chinese medicine treatment of diabetes. This guideline will provide guidance and assistance for clinicians to carry out standardized and comprehensive management for T2DM patients and improve the prognosis of patients with T2DM in China. © 2021 Chinese Medical Association
Optimizing Care Preconception for Women with Diabetes and Obesity; The prevalence of diabetes in reproductive age women has been reported to be as high as 6.8%, with pregestational diabetes affecting 2% of all pregnancies. As cases of diabetes in children and adolescents rise, more patients will be entering reproductive age and pregnancy with diagnoses of obesity, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes. Early interventions of diet modification and exercise to maintain healthy weights can delay or even prevent these complications. It is critical for health care providers to emphasize the importance of preconception counseling in this high-risk patient population to reduce the morbidities associated with obesity and diabetes in pregnancy. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Serum galectin-3BP as a novel marker of obesity and metabolic syndrome in Chinese adolescents; Introduction Childhood obesity (OB) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) have become a worldwide health problem. Comparative proteomic approaches are widely used in human OB to analyze protein changes in blood plasma. The present study determined the galectin-3 binding protein (galectin-3BP) expression level in different weight categories and assessed the associations between galectin-3BP and OB and MetS. Research design and methods The current study included 932 Chinese adolescents 13-18 years of age. The biochemical and anthropometric variables of all the subjects were evaluated using standardized procedures. The differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) were investigated among 60 adolescents (20 normal weight, 20 overweight and 20 obese) using tandem mass tag (TMT) quantitative proteomics. The serum galectin-3BP level was measured using ELISA. The associations between galectin-3BP and OB and MetS were analyzed in 932 adolescents using multiple logistic regression analyses. Results A significant DEP, galectin-3BP, can effectively separate the obese from the normal weight group using TMT. Adolescents in tertile 3 of galectin-3BP, when compared with adolescents in the tertile 1, were positively associated with OB (OR=3.32, 95% CI 1.79 to 6.16) and MetS (OR=3.28, 95% CI 1.30 to 8.26). The receiver operating characteristic curve for galectin-3BP in subjects with MetS indicated that the area under the curve was 0.85 (95% CI 0.79 to 0.91). Conclusions This study confirmed an association between galectin-3BP and OB in Chinese adolescents, and galectin-3BP was also positively associated with MetS, and thus might be useful for identifying adolescents with MetS.  ©
Crosstalk between PPARs and gut microbiota in NAFLD; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common liver disorder in both China and worldwide. It ranges from simple steatosis and progresses over time to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), advanced liver fibrosis, cirrhosis, or hepatocellular carcinoma(HCC). Furthermore, NAFLD and its complications impose a huge health burden to society. The microbiota is widely connected and plays an active role in human physiology and pathology, and it is a hidden ‘organ’ in determining the state of the host, in terms of homeostasis, or disease. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are members of the nuclear receptorsuperfamily and can regulate multiple pathways involved in metabolism, and serve as effective targets forthe treatment of many types of metabolic syndromes, including NAFLD. The purpose of this review is to integrate related articles on gut microbiota, PPARs and NAFLD, and present a balanced overview on how the microbiota can possibly influence the development of NAFLD through PPARs. © 2021 The Authors
Maternal high-fat high-sucrose diet and gestational exercise modulate hepatic fat accumulation and liver mitochondrial respiratory capacity in mothers and male offspring; Background: Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with a high-risk for developing metabolic complications later in life and in their offspring. In contrast, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic dysfunctions associated to lifestyle disorders. Therefore, we investigated whether gestational exercise delays the development of metabolic alterations in GDM mothers later in life, but also protects 6-week-old male offspring from adverse effects of maternal diet. Methods: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with either control (C) or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet to induce GDM and submitted to gestational exercise during the 3 weeks of pregnancy. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with C-diet. Results: Sedentary HFHS-fed dams exhibited increased gestational body weight gain (p < 0.01) and glucose intolerance (p < 0.01), characteristic of GDM. Their offspring had normal glucose metabolism, but increased early-age body weight, which was reverted by gestational exercise. Gestational exercise also reduced offspring hepatic triglycerides accumulation (p < 0.05) and improved liver mitochondrial respiration capacity (p < 0.05), contributing to the recovery of liver bioenergetics compromised by maternal HFHS diet. Interestingly, liver mitochondrial respiration remained increased by gestational exercise in HFHS-fed dams despite prolonged HFHS consumption and exercise cessation. Conclusions: Gestational exercise can result in liver mitochondrial adaptations in GDM animals, which can be preserved even after the exercise program cessation. Exposure to maternal GDM programs liver metabolic setting of male offspring, whereas gestational exercise appears as an important preventive tool against maternal diet-induced metabolic alterations. © 2021
Orange Juice and Yogurt Carrying Probiotic Bacillus coagulans GBI-30 6086: Impact of Intake on Wistar Male Rats Health Parameters and Gut Bacterial Diversity; This study aimed to investigate the impact of the food matrix (orange juice and yogurt) on the effects of the spore-forming probiotic microorganism Bacillus coagulans GBI-30 6086 in health parameters and gastrointestinal tract (gut) bacterial diversity in Wistar male rats. Rats (n = 48) were randomly distributed into six groups. The groups were the Control (which received sterile distilled water), Juice (which received orange juice), Yogurt (which received yogurt), Probiotic Bacillus (which received B. coagulans GBI-30 6086 in distilled water), Probiotic Juice (which received orange juice with B. coagulans GBI-30 6086), and Probiotic Yogurt (which received yogurt with B. coagulans GBI-30 6086). Each animal belonging to the different groups was treated for 21 days. The daily administration of probiotic juice or probiotic yogurt did not affect the rats’ food or body weight. Rats fed with Probiotic Yogurt showed lower glucose and triglycerides levels (p < 0.05) in comparison to the control group (p < 0.05), while no changes in these parameters were observed in the rats fed with Probiotic Juice. Rats fed with Probiotic Yogurt showed a higher gut bacterial diversity than the control group (p < 0.05), and higher abundance (p < 0.05) of Vibrionales, Enterobacteriales, Burkholderiales, Erysipelotrichales, and Bifidobacteriales compared to all other groups. No changes were observed in the expression levels of antioxidant enzymes or heat shock protein 70 of rats fed with probiotic yogurt or probiotic juice. Results reveal that the consumption of yogurt containing B. coagulans GBI-30 6086 decreases triglycerides and glucose levels and positively impacts the gut bacterial ecology in healthy rats. These animal model findings indicate that the matrix also impacts the functionality of foods carrying spore-forming probiotics. Besides, this research indicates that yogurt is also a suitable food carrier of Bacillus coagulans GBI-30 6086. © Copyright © 2021 Almada-Érix, Almada, Cabral, Barros de Medeiros, Roquetto, Santos-Junior, Fontes, Gonçalves, dos Santos, Lollo, Magnani and Sant’Ana.
Dietary Choline Intake during Pregnancy and PEMT rs7946 Polymorphism on Risk of Preterm Birth: A Case-Control Study; Introduction and Aims: Choline-metabolizing genetic variation may interact with choline intake on fetal programming and pregnancy outcome. This case-control study aims to explore the association of maternal choline consumption and phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase (PEMT) gene polymorphism rs7946 with preterm birth risk. Methods: 145 Han Chinese women with preterm delivery and 157 Han Chinese women with term delivery were recruited in Shanghai. Dietary choline intake during pregnancy was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Additionally, DNA samples were genotyped for PEMT rs7946 (G5465A) with plasma homocysteine (Hcy) levels measured. Results: Compared with the lowest quartile of choline intake, women within the highest consumption quartile had adjusted odds ratio (aOR) for preterm birth of 0.48 (95% confidence interval, CI [0.24, 0.95]). There was a significant interaction between maternal choline intake and PEMT rs7946 (p for interaction = 0.04), where the AA genotype carriers who consumed the energy-adjusted choline <255.01 mg/day had aOR for preterm birth of 3.75 (95% CI [1.24, 11.35]), compared to those with GG genotype and choline intake >255.01 mg/day during pregnancy. Additionally, the greatest elevated plasma Hcy was found in the cases with AA genotype and choline consumption <255.01 mg/day (p < 0.001). Conclusion: The AA genotype of PEMT rs7946 may be associated with increased preterm birth in these Han Chinese women with low choline intake during pregnancy. © 2021 S. Karger AG, Basel. Copyright: All rights reserved.
An ‘Omics approach to unraveling the paradoxical effect of diet on perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) and perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA)-induced hepatic steatosis; Perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are a family of toxicants universally detected in human serum and known to cause dyslipidemia in animals and humans. Hepatic steatosis, which is defined as lipid deposition in the liver, is known to be a consequence of poor diet. Similarly, PFAS are known to induce hepatic steatosis in animals on a low-fat chow. This study explored diet-PFAS interactions in the liver and their potential to modulate hepatic steatosis. Male C57BL/6J mice were fed with either a low-fat diet (10% kcal from fat, LFD) or a moderately high-fat diet (45% kcal from fat, HFD) with or without perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (3 ppm, PFOS) or perfluorononanoic acid (3 ppm, PFNA) in feed for 12 weeks. Livers were excised for histology and quantification of PFAS and lipids. The PFOS and PFNA coadministration with HFD reduced the hepatic accumulation of lipid and PFAS relative to the LFD treatment groups. Furthermore, transcriptomic analysis revealed that PFAS administration in the presence of an HFD significantly reduces expression of known hepatic PFAS uptake transporters, organic anion transporter proteins. Transcriptomics and proteomics further revealed several pathways related to lipid metabolism, synthesis, transport, and storage that were modulated by PFAS exposure and further impacted by the presence of dietary fat. Both dietary fat content and the chemical functional head group exerted significant influence on hepatic PFAS accumulation and the resulting biochemical signature, suggesting that diet and structure should be considered in the design and interpretation of research on PFAS induced hepatic steatosis. © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved.
Cadmium exposure impairs pancreatic β-cell function and exaggerates diabetes by disrupting lipid metabolism; Cadmium is known as an environmental pollutant that contributes to pancreatic damage and the pathogenesis of diabetes. However, less attention has been devoted to elucidating the mechanisms underlying Cd-induced pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and the role of Cd toxicity in the development of diabetes. In this study, we demonstrated that exposure to Cd caused remarkable pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and death, both in vitro and in vivo. Lipidomic analysis of Cd-exposed pancreatic β-cells using high-resolution mass spectrometry revealed that Cd exposure altered the profile and abundance of lipids. Cd exposure induced intracellular lipid accumulation, promoted lipid biogenesis, elevated pro-inflammatory lipid contents and inhibited lipid degradation. Furthermore, Cd exposure upregulated the expression levels of TNF-α, IL-1β and IL-6 in pancreatic β-cells and elevated the TNF-α, IL1-β and IL-6 levels in the serum and pancreas. Taken together, the results of our study demonstrated that environmental relevant Cd exposure causes pro-inflammatory lipids elevation and insulin secretion dysfunction in β-cells and hence exaggerates diabetes development. Combined exposure to environmental hazardous chemicals might markedly increase the probability of developing diabetes in humans. This study provides new metabolic and pharmacological targets for antagonizing Cd toxicity. © 2021 The Author(s)
Plasma 3-hydroxyisobutyrate (3-HIB) and methylmalonic acid (MMA) are markers of hepatic mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation in male Wistar rats; Objective: Discovery of specific markers that reflect altered hepatic fatty acid oxidation could help to detect an individual's risk of fatty liver, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease at an early stage. Lipid and protein metabolism are intimately linked, but our understanding of this crosstalk remains limited. Methods: In male Wistar rats, we used synthetic fatty acid analogues (3-thia fatty acids) as a tool to induce hepatic fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial biogenesis, to gain new insight into the link between fatty acid oxidation, amino acid metabolism and TCA cycle-related intermediate metabolites in liver and plasma. Results: Rats treated with 3-thia fatty acids had 3-fold higher hepatic, but not adipose and skeletal muscle, expression of the thioesterase 3-hydroxyisobutyryl-CoA hydrolase (Hibch), which controls the formation of 3-hydroxyisobutyrate (3-HIB) in the valine degradation pathway. Consequently, 3-thia fatty acid-stimulated hepatic fatty acid oxidation and ketogenesis was accompanied by decreased plasma 3-HIB and increased methylmalonic acid (MMA) concentrations further downstream in BCAA catabolism. The higher plasma MMA corresponded to higher MMA-CoA hydrolase activity and hepatic expression of GTP-specific succinyl-CoA synthase (Suclg2) and succinate dehydrogenase (Sdhb), and lower MMA-CoA mutase activity. Plasma 3-HIB correlated positively to plasma and hepatic concentrations of TAG, plasma total fatty acids, plasma NEFA and insulin/glucose ratio, while the reverse correlations were seen for MMA. Conclusion: Our study provides new insight into TCA cycle-related metabolic changes associated with altered hepatic fatty acid flux, and identifies 3-HIB and MMA as novel circulating markers reflective of mitochondrial β-oxidation in male Wistar rats. © 2021
Physical activity during pregnancy alters gene expression in neonatal tissue; Reducing the risk of developing chronic disease, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, is an important component of successful aging. Offspring born to mothers who exercise during pregnancy have improved body composition and metabolic profiles. However, mechanisms to explain this phenomenon are lacking. Purpose: This study examined whether maternal step counts were correlated with neonatal gene expression markers related to glucose metabolism and adipogenesis. Methods: Physical activity levels were assessed in women with male neonates via Fitbit Flex® during the second and third trimester of pregnancy. The dartos and epidermal/dermal layers of the foreskin were collected following circumcision in full-term, singleton, neonates (n 5 12 dartos and n 5 14 dermal). Tissue was homogenized, RNA isolated, and a NanoString code set was run to quantify a panel of genes related to glucose metabolism and adipogenesis. Results: Twelve genes were correlated to steps per day with a P-value of <0.05. After adjusting for multiple comparisons, six genes remained significantly correlated to steps per day (False Discovery Rate-corrected P-value < 0.10). Notably, glucose transporter 1, adiponectin receptor 1, and CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein alpha and beta were positively correlated with steps per day, while peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1- alpha were negatively correlated with steps per day. Conclusion: Maternal physical activity is associated with offspring gene expression markers of adipogenesis, insulin sensitivity and glucose uptake. Future studies should aim to mechanistically examine whether these markers are driving increased adiposity in offspring born to sedentary mothers. © 2021 Akademiai Kiado, Budapest
Correlation analysis between type 2 diabetes and core gut microbiota; Objective To analyze the species, abundance and structure differences of intestinal flora between patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and healthy individuals and explore the correlation between intestinal flora changes and T2D. Methods We collected a total of 133 clinical fecal samples from 78 healthy individuals and 55 patients with T2D. Hiseq2500 was used for high-throughput sequencing of the V3+V4 regions of the 16S rRNA gene. Usearch and QIIME were used for data splicing and filtering, classification and species annotation. The Alpha diversity index and Beta diversity index of the samples were analyzed using R language data packets to compare the richness and diversity of the sample flora. The flora differences were compared between the two groups and the disease marker flora was screened after correction of the relevant factors. PICRUST software was used to predict the function of different flora. Results There was significant difference in the intestinal flora diversity between the two groups. Cluster analysis showed that Fimicutes and Bacteroidetes were the dominant species at the phylum level. LefSe analysis showed that significant differences in the relative abundance between the two groups in 2 phyla, 3 classes, 3 orders, 4 families and 10 genera. After correction for the influence of related factors, the markers of T2Drelated bacteria groups were identified, including Bifidobacterium, Bifidobacteriales, Bifidobacteriaceae, Actinobacteria, Bacilli, Lactobacillales, Lactobacillaceae and Lactobacillus. On this basis, analysis of KEGG metabolic pathways of the differential flora revealed significant differences in 36 KEGG metabolic pathways between the two groups, and the citric acid cycle, lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis and other metabolic pathways were all up-regulated in T2D group. Conclusion The composition and abundance of intestinal flora were different between T2D group and the normal group, and T2D group showed the characteristics of ecological imbalance. © 2021 Editorial Department of Journal of Southern Medical University. All rights reserved.
Mechanistic Targets and Nutritionally Relevant Intervention Strategies to Break Obesity–Breast Cancer Links; The worldwide prevalence of overweight and obesity has tripled since 1975. In the United States, the percentage of adults who are obese exceeds 42.5%. Individuals with obesity often display multiple metabolic perturbations, such as insulin resistance and persistent inflammation, which can suppress the immune system. These alterations in homeostatic mechanisms underlie the clinical parameters of metabolic syndrome, an established risk factor for many cancers, including breast cancer. Within the growth-promoting, proinflammatory milieu of the obese state, crosstalk between adipocytes, immune cells and breast epithelial cells occurs via obesity-associated hormones, angiogenic factors, cytokines, and other mediators that can enhance breast cancer risk and/or progression. This review synthesizes evidence on the biological mechanisms underlying obesity-breast cancer links, with emphasis on emerging mechanism-based interventions in the context of nutrition, using modifiable elements of diet alone or paired with physical activity, to reduce the burden of obesity on breast cancer. © Copyright © 2021 Bustamante-Marin, Merlino, Devericks, Carson, Hursting and Stewart.
Dynamic change of MMP-9 in diabetic stroke visualized by optical imaging and treated with CD28 superagonist; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk for stroke and unfavorable outcomes following stroke. Matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) is a potential contributor to the poor prognosis of diabetic ischemic stroke. Investigations on diabetic stroke are limited by the lack of non-invasive imaging techniques. In this study, we report a fast and ultra-sensitive MMP-activatable optical imaging probe (MMP-P12) to achieve non-invasive and real-time visualization of the dynamic expression of MMP-9 in diabetic stroke. Moreover, by using this probe, we aim to detect the therapeutic efficacy of CD28 SA in diabetic stroke. Serial near-infrared fluorescence (NIRF) imaging was performed on wild-type and STZ-induced diabetic mice after MMP-P12 probe injection on days 1, 3, and 7 post ischemic stroke. The dynamic change in MMP-9 expression after CD28 SA treatment was also imaged on days 1, 3, and 7 post stroke and confirmed by immunohistochemistry staining and western blotting. NIRF imaging showed that diabetic stroke mice presented a trend of higher levels of MMP-9. CD28 SA treatment significantly downregulated the expression of MMP-9 on day 7 post stroke. Glucose also had a downward trend in CD28 SA treated diabetic stroke mice. In conclusion, our data suggest that MMP-P12 probe successfully detect the dynamic change of MMP-9 in diabetic stroke by utilizing optical imaging. CD28 SA treatment decreased the expression of MMP-9 and could be a promising therapeutic strategy for the treatment of diabetic stroke. This journal is  © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
FGF21 and Chronic Kidney Disease; The global nephrology community recognizes the increasing burden of kidney disease and its poor health outcomes in the general population. Given this, strategies to establish early diagnosis, improve understanding of the natural course and develop novel therapeutic interventions to slow progression and reduce complications are encouraged. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), a member of the endocrine FGF subfamily, has emerged as a master homeostasis regulator of local and systemic lipid, glucose and energy metabolism. In addition, FGF21 should be considered an autonomic and endocrine regulator of stress responses in general. Promising results has been shown in both dysmetabolic animal models and metabolic disease patients after pharmacological administration of FGF21 analogs. The association of FGF21 with renal function has been studied for more than ten years. However, the functional role of FGF21 in the kidney is still poorly understood. This review summarizes the biological effects of FGF21 and discusses what is currently known about this hormone and chronic kidney disease, highlighting important gaps that warrant further research. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Potential beneficial effects of furan fatty acids, bioactive food lipids; Furan fatty acids (FuFAs) are a group of fatty acids containing a furan ring on their aliphatic chain. They are present in small quantities in plants, microorganisms, and animals. The biosynthesis of FuFAs in plants and microorganisms is not fully described and their presence in animals is thought to be exclusively due to food with a high concentration in seafood products, which are themselves consumed by humans. The presence of the furan cycle makes FuFAs highly reactive with reactive oxygen derivatives. The three major biological effects of FuFAs are antioxidant, antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory. More specific studies on health effects have been conducted in recent years: FuFAs and their catabolic degradation products (e.g. CMPF) may influence lipid metabolism, insulin resistance and diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and neurodegenerative diseases. FuFAs could thus be biomarkers of exposure to a healthy, seafood-rich diet, and also bioactive compounds in our diet capable of modulating signalling pathways with potential beneficial effects against metabolic disorders associated with a Western-style diet. © 2021 Société française de nutrition
Influences of pregravid liver enzyme levels on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background & Aims: Elevated liver enzymes are associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The objective of this study was to assess the association between prepregnancy liver enzyme levels and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: Data from a total of 236,109 women who participated in the National Health Screening Examination between 2011 and 2015 was analysed. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to estimate the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to pregravid liver enzyme levels. Subgroup analyses were performed according to pregravid obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS). Results: Approximately 5.7% and 1.1% of women developed gestational diabetes mellitus with and without insulin treatment requirement respectively. Pregravid gamma-glutamyl transferase and alanine aminotransferase levels with greater than or equal to the 4th quartile were associated with significantly increased risks of gestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin treatment in women with obesity and with MetS, (odds ratios [ORs] with 6.228 and 9.505, respectively, P <.001 for both). In women without obesity and without MetS, the risks of gestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin treatment were also significant (ORs with 2.837 and 3.029, respectively, P <.001 for both). The elevated pregravid liver enzymes were associated with gestational diabetes mellitus without insulin treatment requirement, but minimally. Conclusions/interpretation: The elevated pregravid liver enzyme levels were significantly associated with the subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, especially gestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin treatment, not only in women with obesity or MetS, but also in women without obesity or MetS. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
The Burden of Antipsychotic-Induced Weight Gain and Metabolic Syndrome in Children; Antipsychotic medications are critical to child and adolescent psychiatry, from the stabilization of psychotic disorders like schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and psychotic depression to behavioral treatment of autism spectrum disorder, tic disorders, and pediatric aggression. While effective, these medications carry serious risk of adverse events—most commonly, weight gain and cardiometabolic abnormalities. Negative metabolic consequences affect up to 60% of patients and present a major obstacle to long-term treatment. Since antipsychotics are often chronically prescribed beginning in childhood, cardiometabolic risk accumulates. An increased susceptibility to antipsychotic-induced weight gain (AIWG) has been repeatedly documented in children, particularly rapid weight gain. Associated cardiometabolic abnormalities include central obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and systemic inflammation. Lifestyle interventions and medications such as metformin have been proposed to reduce risk but remain limited in efficacy. Furthermore, antipsychotic medications touted to be weight-neutral in adults can cause substantial weight gain in children. A better understanding of the biological underpinnings of AIWG could inform targeted and potentially more fruitful treatments; however, little is known about the underlying mechanism. As yet, modest genetic studies have nominated a few risk genes that explain only a small percentage of the risk. Recent investigations have begun to explore novel potential mechanisms of AIWG, including a role for gut microbiota and microbial metabolites. This article reviews the problem of AIWG and AP metabolic side effects in pediatric populations, proposed mechanisms underlying this serious side effect, and strategies to mitigate adverse impact. We suggest future directions for research efforts that may advance the field and lead to improved clinical interventions. © Copyright © 2021 Libowitz and Nurmi.
Effect of hypothyroidism on chronic liver diseases; The liver plays an important role in the metabolism, degradation, and excretion of thyroid hormones in the normal physiological state; however, when liver injuries occur, there is a significance increase in hypothyroidism, and most patients have no obvious clinical symptoms or signs.The article summarizes the chronic liver diseases caused by various etiologies and the change in thyroid function in different stages of disease and points out that the reduction in the level of thyroid hormone has an important value in predicting the risk, condition, and prognosis of chronic liver diseases.Studies have shown that some patients with chronic liver diseases can improve the condition and prognosis by adjusting thyroid function.In addition, a series of genetic disorders or dysfunctions caused by abnormal thyroid metabolism may become new therapeutic targets for certain chronic liver diseases, which needs to be confirmed by further studies. © 2021 Editorial Board of Jilin University. All Rights Reserved.
Probiotics as a treatment for “metabolic depression”? A rationale for future studies; Depression and metabolic diseases often coexist, having several features in common, e.g., chronic low-grade inflammation and intestinal dysbiosis. Different microbiota interventions have been proposed to be used as a treatment for these disorders. In the paper, we review the efficacy of probiotics in depressive disorders, obesity, metabolic syndrome and its liver equivalent based on the published experimental studies, clinical trials and meta-analyses. Probiotics seem to be effective in reducing depressive symptoms when administered in addition to antidepressants. Additionally, probiotics intake may ameliorate some of the clinical components of metabolic diseases. However, standardized methodology regarding probiotics use in clinical trials has not been established yet. In this narrative review, we discuss current knowledge on the recently used methodology with its strengths and limitations and propose criteria that may be implemented to create a new study of the effectiveness of probiotics in depressive disorders comorbid with metabolic abnormalities. We put across our choice on type of study population, probiotics genus, strains, dosages and formulations, intervention period, as well as primary and secondary outcome measures. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Effects of Zinc Supplementation on C-Reactive Protein and Inflammatory Cytokines: A Meta-Analysis and Systematical Review; Zinc is known for anti-inflammatory and antioxidant roles. In this meta-Analysis, we aim to evaluate the impact of zinc supplementation on inflammatory markers, acute-phase reactants, and serum zinc level during inflammatory and infectious diseases. PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were screened systematically with the terms "zinc supplementation"AND "CRP"OR "IL-1β"OR "IL-2"OR "IL-6"OR "IL-10"OR "IL-12"OR "TNF-α"OR "TGF-β"OR "IFN-γ"OR "WBC (clinical trial)"OR "macrophage (clinical trial)"OR "lymphocyte (clinical trial)"OR "neutrophil (clinical trial)"OR "virus (clinical trial)"OR "antiviral (clinical trial)"for all databases. A total of 2,258 publications were screened, and 73 articles had suitable data for the meta-Analysis. Serum zinc level was significantly higher in supplementation group compared with controls [P = 0.0006, mean difference: 11.35 (4.84, 17.87)] (n = 37). Zinc supplementation downregulates acute-phase reactants, especially serum C-reactive protein (CRP) in adults [P < 0.00001, mean difference:-0.75 (-0.98,-0.52)] (n = 22) and pregnant women [FEM P < 0.00001, mean difference:-1.77 (-2.53,-1.00)] (n = 3) but not in children [REM P = 0.10, mean difference:-0.85 (-1.86, 0.17)] (n = 3). In subgroups analysis of chronic inflammatory diseases, serum CRP [REM P < 0.00001, mean difference:-0.57 (-0.76,-0.38)] were significantly lower in zinc-supplemented patients compared with no intervention group. Zinc supplementation (mg/day) correlated with serum interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) level (P = 0.018, r = 1,000). In the nonsupplemented group, serum zinc correlated with serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) level (P = 0.041, r =-0.829) and serum tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) level (P = 0.063, r = 0.730). Zinc intake correlated with serum zinc (P = 0.0428, r = 0.5115) and TNF-α (P = 0.0043, r =-0.9461). This meta-Analysis shows that zinc supplementation improves CRP levels in adults and pregnant women. It might have modulatory effects on cytokine secretions and blood cells in inflammatory and infectious diseases. For the first time, we investigated the effects of zinc supplementation on inflammatory cytokine.  © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2021.
Effects of a Mediterranean diet on blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-Analysis of randomized controlled trials and observational studies; Objective:To conduct a systematic review and meta-Analysis investigating effects of MedDiet on blood pressure in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and associations of MedDiet with risk of hypertension in observational studies.Methods:PubMed, The Cochrane Library and EBSCOhost were searched from inception until January 2020 for studies that met the following criteria: participants aged at least 18 years, RCTs investigating effects of a MedDiet versus control on BP, observational studies exploring associations between MedDiet adherence and risk of hypertension. Random-effects meta-Analyses were conducted. Meta-regression and subgroup analyses were performed for RCTs to identify potential effect moderators.Results:Nineteen RCTs reporting data on 4137 participants and 16 observational studies reporting data on 59 001 participants were included in the meta-Analysis. MedDiet interventions reduced SBP and DBP by a mean-1.4 mmHg (95% CI:-2.40 to-0.39 mmHg, P = 0.007, I2 = 53.5%, Q = 44.7, τ2 = 1.65, df = 19) and-1.5 mmHg (95% CI:-2.74 to-0.32 mmHg, P = 0.013, I2 = 71.5%, Q = 51.6, τ2 = 4.72, df = 19) versus control, respectively. Meta-regression revealed that longer study duration and higher baseline SBP was associated with a greater decrease in BP, in response to a MedDiet (P < 0.05). In observational studies, odds of developing hypertension were 13% lower with higher versus lower MedDiet adherence (95% CI: 0.78-0.98, P = 0.017, I2 = 69.6%, Q = 41.1, τ2 = 0.03, df = 17).Conclusion:Data suggest that MedDiet is an effective dietary strategy to aid BP control, which may contribute towards the lower risk of CVD reported with this dietary pattern. This study was registered with PROSPERO: CRD42019125073. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Association between environmental exposure to cadmium and risk of suspected non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Aim: We evaluated the associations between blood Cadmium (Cd) concentrations and risk of suspected NAFLD using nationally representative data from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) 2008–2013, 2016 and 2017. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 12,099 adults for the serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI) analyses and 2,904 adults for the serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) and fatty liver index (FLI) analyses, without significant alcohol consumption. Blood Cd concentrations were measured by graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry. Data were analyzed using survey logistic regression models. Results: Odds ratios (ORs) of suspected NAFLD increased significantly per unit of natural log-transformed blood Cd concentration (OR [95% (CI)], for ALT, overall: 1.50 [1.34, 1.68], men: 1.64 [1.40, 2.10] and women: 1.29 [1.08, 1.47]; for GGT, overall: 1.77 [1.33, 2.35], men: 2.28 [1.53, 3.41] and women: 1.27 [0.82, 1.97]; for FLI, overall: 1.84 [1.32, 2.57], men: 1.91 [1.24, 2.94] and women: 1.58 [0.87, 2.86]; for HSI, overall: 1.19 [1.07, 1.32], men: 1.17 [1.01, 1.37] and women: 1.14 [0.99, 1.32]). The blood Cd concentrations associated with risk of suspected NAFLD were lower than those previously reported (for ALT, > 0.64 μg/L, for GGT, > 1.41 μg/L, for FLI, > 0.96 μg/L, and for HSI, > 1.41 μg/L). Conclusions: This study suggests that the reference level of blood Cd should probably be lower than the previously recommended value to prevent adverse health effects due to Cd exposure. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Association of betatrophin amounts with 25-(OH)D levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; To determine the association of betatrophin amounts with 25-(OH)D levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients, and to provide new targets for the prevention and treatment of GDM.This study included 40 GDM patients (GDM group) and 37 healthy pregnant women (control group). Betatrophin, 25-(OH)D, fasting blood glucose (FBG), HbA1c, hsCRP, and FINS levels in peripheral blood, as well as betatrophin and 25-(OH)D amounts in cord blood, were measured. Then, associations of betatrophin levels with 25-(OH)D amounts and other indexes were determined.Maternal (P = .011) and cord (P = .022) blood betatrophin levels were significantly lower in the GDM group compared with control group. Cord blood betatrophin levels were higher compared with maternal blood amounts in both the GDM and control groups (both P = .000). Serum betatrophin levels were positively associated with 25-(OH)D levels (r = 0.677, P = .000), but negatively associated with hsCRP (r = -0.335, P = .037) and HOMA-IR (r = -0.346, P = .031) levels in the GDM group. Fetal weight was higher in the GDM group compared with control group (P = .023), and negatively associated with cord blood betatrophin amounts in the GDM group (r = -0.342, P = .031). However, cord blood betatrophin levels were not significantly associated with body length, Apgar score, and cord blood 25-(OH)D levels in the GDM group (all P > .05).Serum betatrophin and 25-(OH) D levels were positively associated in women with GDM, and both significantly lower compared with control values. Fetal weight was higher in the GDM group and associated with cord blood betatrophin. These findings provide insights into developing new predictive biomarkers or therapeutic targets for GDM.  © Copyright 2021 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
A properly balanced reduction diet and/or supplementation solve the problem with the deficiency of these vitamins soluble in water in patients with pcos; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an increasingly common problem for women in the reproductive age throughout the entire world. A reduction diet with a low glycaemic index (GI) has proved to support the treatment of PCOS. The aim of the study was to analyse the influence of the diet on the level of vitamins soluble in water. The study included 55 women, 40 of which suffered from PCOS (identified by means of the Rotterdam Criteria) and 15 healthy women of the Caucasian race. The level of vitamins before and after the dietary intervention was measured. The diet was a reduction diet with a reduced glycaemic index (GI). Biochemical analyses were made on the basis of liquid chromatography—Infinity 1260 Binary liquid chromatography (LC) Agilent Technology. The level of vitamins in the serum was analysed together with the consumption before and after the dietary intervention. A higher level of vitamin C in the plasma was observed before and after the dietary intervention in the PCOS group in comparison to the control group despite the lower intake of this vitamin in the PCOS group. The remaining vitamins were at a comparable or lower level (B1, B3, B5, B6 and B12). After the dietary intervention, only B1 and B9 were at a clearly lower level (a trend of p = 0.093 and p = 0.085). A properly balanced reduction diet with reduced GI improves the supply of vitamins in women with PCOS. An additional recommendation should be the additional supplementation of B1, niacinamide and the combination of folates with inositol. The level of vitamin C in the plasma may not be a good marker of its supply in the PCOS group. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipose tissue knockdown of lysozyme reduces local inflammation and improves adipogenesis in high-fat diet-fed mice; Chronic systemic low-level inflammation in metabolic disease is known to affect adipose tissue biology. Lysozyme (LYZ) is a major innate immune protein but its role in adipose tissue has not been investigated. Here, we aimed to investigate LYZ in human and rodents fat depots, and its possible role in obesity-associated adipose tissue dysfunction. LYZ mRNA and protein were identified to be highly expressed in adipose tissue from subjects with obesity and linked to systemic chronic-low grade inflammation, adipose tissue inflammation and metabolic disturbances, including hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and decreased markers of adipose tissue adipogenesis. These findings were confirmed in experimental models after a high-fat diet in mice and rats and also in ob/ob mice. Importantly, specific inguinal and perigonadal white adipose tissue lysozyme (Lyz2) gene knockdown in high-fat diet-fed mice resulted in improved adipose tissue inflammation in parallel to reduced lysozyme activity. Of note, Lyz2 gene knockdown restored adipogenesis and reduced weight gain in this model. In conclusion, altogether these observations point to lysozyme as a new actor in obesity-associated adipose tissue dysfunction. The therapeutic targeting of lysozyme production might contribute to improve adipose tissue metabolic homeostasis. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Global Deletion of the Prolactin Receptor Aggravates Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetes in Mice; Prolactin (PRL) levels are reduced in the circulation of rats with diabetes or obesity, and lower circulating levels of PRL correlate with increased prevalence of diabetes and a higher risk of metabolic alterations in the clinic. Furthermore, PRL stimulates β-cell proliferation, survival, and insulin production and pregnant mice lacking PRL receptors in β-cells develop gestational diabetes. To investigate the protective effect of endogenous PRL against diabetes outside pregnancy, we compared the number of cases and severity of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced hyperglycemia between C57BL/6 mice null for the PRL receptor gene (Prlr-/-) and wild-type mice (Prlr+/+). STZ-treated diabetic Prlr-/- mice showed a higher number of cases and later recovery from hyperglycemia, exacerbated glucose levels, and glucose intolerance compared to the Prlr+/+ mice counterparts. Consistent with the worsening of hyperglycemia, pancreatic islet density, β-cell number, proliferation, and survival, as well as circulating insulin levels were reduced, whereas α-cell number and pancreatic inflammation were increased in the absence of PRL signaling. Deletion of the PRL receptor did not alter the metabolic parameters in vehicle-treated animals. We conclude that PRL protects whole body glucose homeostasis by reducing β-cell loss and pancreatic inflammation in STZ-induced diabetes. Medications elevating PRL circulating levels may prove to be beneficial in diabetes. © Copyright © 2021 Ramirez-Hernandez, Adan-Castro, Diaz-Lezama, Ruiz-Herrera, Martinez de la Escalera, Macotela and Clapp.
Evidence-Based Nutrition and Clinical Evidence of Bioactive Foods in Human Health and Disease; Evidence-Based Nutrition and Clinical Evidence of Bioactive Foods in Human Health and Disease explores a wide range of studies from clinical investigations to mechanistic research, covering the actions of bioactives on specific tissues and cells in intestinal, neurological, immunological and cardiovascular health and disease, including cancers. The book also focuses on metabolism, mechanisms of actions, tissue-specific effects, and the structure-function relationships between clinical trial, ex vivo and in vitro data. Written for nutrition researchers, clinical researchers, dieticians, and others working in and studying health-related fields, this book highlights the concepts surrounding the preventive and therapeutic impacts of bioactive foods. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary patterns and associations between air pollution and gestational diabetes mellitus; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing worldwide. Dietary patterns and air pollution are closely related to the occurrence of GDM. No previous study has explored the interaction effect of air pollution exposure and dietary patterns on GDM. We explored the interaction effect between main dietary patterns and pre-pregnancy exposure to air pollution on the development of GDM based on a prospective birth cohort in Northeast China. A total of 2244 participants were included in this study. Factor analysis was used to identify dietary patterns. We found that long-term exposure to nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and carbon monoxide (CO) before pregnancy was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM; the animal foods pattern significantly modified these associations. The sub-group analysis showed that compared with a lower intake in the animal foods pattern (NO2, odds ratio [OR] = 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.84, 1.35; CO, OR = 1.05, 95% CI: 0.81, 1.34), higher intake in the animal foods pattern (NO2, OR = 1.41, 95% CI: 1.09, 1.83; CO, OR = 1.36, 95% CI: 1.05, 1.76) before pregnancy increased the hazardous effects of NO2 and CO on GDM development. The intake of animal blood, animal organs, preserved eggs, and processed meat products in animal food pattern could all aggravate the effect of exposure to air pollution due to NO2 and CO on GDM. Our study demonstrated that there was a significant interaction effect between animal foods pattern and exposure to air pollution on GDM. These results provide further scientific evidence of the associations among air pollution, dietary intake, and GDM, and may help as well as the prevention of GDM. © 2020 The Author(s)
Regulation of maternal–fetal metabolic communication; Pregnancy may be the most nutritionally sensitive stage in the life cycle, and improved metabolic health during gestation and early postnatal life can reduce the risk of chronic disease in adulthood. Successful pregnancy requires coordinated metabolic, hormonal, and immunological communication. In this review, maternal–fetal metabolic communication is defined as the bidirectional communication of nutritional status and metabolic demand by various modes including circulating metabolites, endocrine molecules, and other secreted factors. Emphasis is placed on metabolites as a means of maternal–fetal communication by synthesizing findings from studies in humans, non-human primates, domestic animals, rabbits, and rodents. In this review, fetal, placental, and maternal metabolic adaptations are discussed in turn. (1) Fetal macronutrient needs are summarized in terms of the physiological adaptations in place to ensure their proper allocation. (2) Placental metabolite transport and maternal physiological adaptations during gestation, including changes in energy budget, are also discussed. (3) Maternal nutrient limitation and metabolic disorders of pregnancy serve as case studies of the dynamic nature of maternal–fetal metabolic communication. The review concludes with a summary of recent research efforts to identify metabolites, endocrine molecules, and other secreted factors that mediate this communication, with particular emphasis on serum/plasma metabolomics in humans, non-human primates, and rodents. A better understanding of maternal–fetal metabolic communication in health and disease may reveal novel biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic disorders of pregnancy. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Role of endoplasmic reticulum stress response in regulation of adipose tissue metabolism; In eukaryotic cells, the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is the key quality control organelle for cellular protein synthesis and processing. It also serves as an important site for Ca2+ storage and lipid biosynthesis. In response to a variety of external stimuli, a cellular unfolded protein response (UPR) is activated to handle ER stress caused by increased accumulation of unfolded or misfolded proteins at the ER. The UPR plays a crucial role in maintaining ER homeostasis and cell functions. Three ER-localized transmembrane proteins, inositol-requiring enzyme 1α (IRE1α), PKR-like ER kinase (PERK), and activating transcription factor 6 (ATF6), act to sense ER stress and mediate three canonical UPR signaling pathways. Besides restoring the protein folding capability to relieve ER stress, the UPR pathways have also been implicated in the regulation of cell metabolism and energy balance. In the state of overnutrition, ER stress has been documented to occur in adipose tissue that has a key role in energy storage and consumption. As an endocrine organ, adipose tissue regulates glucose and lipid metabolism through secreting adipocyte cytokines, and it undergoes metabolic inflammation during pathogenic development of obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. In this review, we attempt to summarize the recent progress with regard to the UPR regulation of adipose tissue physiology. We wish to focus upon the mechanism by which ER stress response is linked to adipose tissue dysfunction, hoping to promote our current understanding of UPR signaling in the pathophysiology of obesity and related metabolic diseases. © 2021 Science Press. All rights reserved.
Diet as a potential moderator for genome stability and immune response in pediatric leukemia; Pediatric leukemias are the most prevalent cancers affecting children in developed societies, with childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) being the most common subtype. As diet is a likely modulator of many diseases, this review focuses on the potential for diet to influence the incidence and progression of childhood ALL. In particular, the potential effect of diets on genome stability and immunity during the prenatal and postnatal stages of early childhood development are discussed. Maternal diet plays an integral role in shaping the bodily composition of the newborn, and thus may influence fetal genome stability and immune system development. Indeed, higher birth weights of newborns are associated with increased risk of ALL, which suggests in-utero biology may shape the evolution of preleukemic clones. Postnatally, the ingestion of maternal breastmilk both nourishes the infant, and provides essential components that strengthen and educate the developing immune system. Consistently, breast-feeding associates with decreased risk of ALL development. For children already suffering from ALL, certain dietary regimens have been proposed. These regimens, which have been validated in both animals and humans, alter the internal hormonal environment. Thus, hormonal regulation by diet may shape childhood metabolism and immunity in a manner that is detrimental to the evolution or expansion of preleukemic and leukemic ALL clones. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Flaxseed and/or hesperidin supplementation in metabolic syndrome: an open-labeled randomized controlled trial; Purpose: The aim of the present study was to compare the clinical effect of flaxseed and hesperidin alone and with combination in patients with metabolic syndrome. Number of participants with treated metabolic syndrome was assessed as a primary end point. Methods: In this 12-week randomized controlled trial, ninety-eight patients with metabolic syndrome randomly assigned to receive either whole flaxseed powder (30 g/day), or hesperidin (1 g/day), or combination of 30 g flaxseed and 1 g hesperidin or no supplement while adhering a lifestyle modification program. Results: In comparison to control group, systolic blood pressure (− 5.68 vs. − 2.91 mmHg, P = 0.041) and serum concentrations of triglyceride (− 50.06 vs. 3.87 mg/dL, P = 0.033) in hesperidin group showed a significant reduction over 12 weeks of intervention. Comparison of the results of flaxseed group with the control group showed a significant improvement in serum concentrations of triglyceride (− 66 vs. 3.87 mg/dL, P = 0.028), insulin (− 4.27 vs. − 2.51 mU/L, P = 0.003) and accordingly insulin resistance (− 1.19 vs. − 0.76, P = 0.005) and sensitivity (0.03 vs. 0.01, P = 0.022) indices in flaxseed group. Combination of flaxseed and hesperidin improved three of five metabolic syndrome components including serum concentrations of triglyceride, glucose and systolic blood pressure as compared to placebo. Interestingly, co-administration of flaxseed and hesperidin with 77.3% reduction in the prevalence of defined metabolic syndrome was revealed to be most effective in controlling the metabolic syndrome, after which the group of flaxseed with 76% reduction and hesperidin group with 54.5% reduction were ranked second and third, respectively. Conclusions: It can be concluded that co-administration of flaxseed and hesperidin appears to be superior to either supplementation alone on metabolic syndrome treatment, while the effects of flaxseed are stronger than hesperidin supplementation. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Twin and family studies on epigenetics and obesity; Twin and family studies are a useful tool in epigenetic research on obesity as they can help to elucidate and control for the effects of genetic variation and may also reveal the effects of intergenerational exposures. Twin and family studies have identified novel regions with differential DNA methylation and distinct miRNA profiles associated with obesity and metabolically adverse fat distribution. These studies provide useful insights into the pathogenesis of obesity and metabolic disease. Most research focuses on changes in DNA methylation, and family studies have revealed numerous parental exposures, both environmental and health related, associated with methylation changes, and with adiposity, weight-related and metabolic phenotypes in the offspring. Further work is required to replicate these findings and understand the causal pathways involved. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Group-based trajectory modeling of body mass index and body size over the life course: A scoping review; Background: Group-based trajectory modeling has been applied to identify distinct trajectories of growth across the life course. Objectives of this study were to describe the methodological approaches for group-based modeling of growth across the life course and to summarize outcomes across studies. Methods: A scoping review with a systematic search of Medline, EMBASE, CINAL, and Web of Science was conducted. Studies that used a group-based procedure to identify trajectories on any statistical software were included. Data were extracted on trajectory methodology, measures of growth, and association with outcomes. Results: A total of 59 studies were included, and most were published from 2013 to 2020. Body mass index was the most common measure of growth (n = 43). The median number of identified trajectories was 4 (range: 2–9). PROC TRAJ in SAS was used by 33 studies, other procedures used include TRAJ in STATA, lcmm in R, and Mplus. Most studies evaluated associations between growth trajectories and chronic disease outcomes (n = 22). Conclusions: Group-based trajectory modeling of growth in adults is emerging in epidemiologic research, with four distinct trajectories observed somewhat consistently from all studies. Understanding life course growth trajectories may provide further insight for population health interventions. © 2020 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Edible microalgae and their bioactive compounds in the prevention and treatment of metabolic alterations; Marine and freshwater algae and their products are in growing demand worldwide because of their nutritional and functional properties. Microalgae (unicellular algae) will constitute one of the major foods of the future for nutritional and environmental reasons. They are sources of high-quality protein and bioactive molecules with potential application in the modern epidemics of obesity and diabetes. They may also contribute decisively to sustainability through carbon dioxide fixation and minimization of agricultural land use. This paper reviews current knowledge of the effects of consuming edible microalgae on the metabolic alterations known as metabolic syndrome (MS). These microalgae include Chlorella, Spirulina (Arthrospira) and Tetraselmis as well as Isochrysis and Nannochloropsis as candidates for human consumption. Chlorella biomass has shown antioxidant, antidiabetic, immunomodulatory, antihypertensive, and antihyperlipidemic effects in humans and other mammals. The components of microalgae reviewed suggest that they may be effective against MS at two levels: in the early stages, to work against the development of insulin resistance (IR), and later, when pancreatic-cell function is already compromised. The active components at both stages are antioxidant scavengers and anti-inflammatory lipid mediators such as carotenoids and-3 PUFAs (eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid; EPA/DHA), prebiotic polysaccharides, phenolics, antihypertensive peptides, several pigments such as phycobilins and phycocyanin, and some vitamins, such as folate. As a source of high-quality protein, including an array of bioactive molecules with potential activity against the modern epidemics of obesity and diabetes, microalgae are proposed as excellent foods for the future. Moreover, their incorporation into the human diet would decisively contribute to a more sustainable world because of their roles in carbon dioxide fixation and reducing the use of land for agricultural purposes. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
iTRAQ- and LC–MS/MS-based quantitative proteomics reveals Pqlc2 as a potential regulator of hepatic glucose metabolism and insulin signalling pathway during fasting; Glucose homeostasis is tightly controlled by balance between glucose production and uptake in liver tissue upon energy shortage condition. Altered glucose homeostasis contributes to the pathophysiology of metabolic disorders including diabetes and obesity. Here, we aimed to analyse the change of proteomic profile upon prolonged fasting in mice with isobaric tag for relative and absolute quantification (iTRAQ) labelling followed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC/MS) technology. Adult male mice were fed or fasted for 16 hours and liver tissues were collected for iTRAQ labelling followed by LC/MS analysis. A total of 322 differentially expressed proteins were identified, including 189 upregulated and 133 downregulated proteins. Bioinformatics analyses, including Gene Ontology analysis (GO), Kyoto encyclopaedia of genes and genomes analysis (KEGG) and protein-protein interaction analysis (PPI) were conducted to understand biological process, cell component, and molecular function of the 322 differentially expressed proteins. Among 322 hepatic proteins differentially expressed between fasting and fed mice, we validated three upregulated proteins (Pqlc2, Ehhadh and Apoa4) and two downregulated proteins (Uba52 and Rpl37) by western-blotting analysis. In cultured HepG2 hepatocellular cells, we found that depletion of Pqlc2 by siRNA-mediated knockdown impaired the insulin-induced glucose uptake, inhibited GLUT2 mRNA level and suppressed the insulin-induced Akt phosphorylation. By contrast, knockdown of Pqlc2 did not affect the cAMP/dexamethasone-induced gluconeogenesis. In conclusion, our study provides important information on protein profile change during prolonged fasting with iTRAQ- and LC–MS/MS-based quantitative proteomics, and identifies Pqlc2 as a potential regulator of hepatic glucose metabolism and insulin signalling pathway in this process. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Asprosin—a fasting-induced, glucogenic, and orexigenic adipokine as a new promising player. Will it be a new factor in the treatment of obesity, diabetes, or infertility? a review of the literature; Asprosin is a recently discovered protein released during fasting conditions mainly by adipocytes from white adipose tissue. As a glucogenic peptide, it stimulates the release of glucose from hepatic cells by binding to the OLFR734 receptor and leading to the activation of the G proteincAMP-PKA pathway. As it crosses the blood–brain barrier, it also acts as an orexigenic peptide that stimulates food intake through activation of AgRP neurons in the hypothalamus; thus, asprosin participates in maintaining the body’s energy homeostasis. Moreover, studies have shown that asprosin levels are pathologically elevated in obesity and related diseases. However, the administration of anti-asprosin antibodies can both normalize its concentration and reduce food intake in obese mice, which makes it an interesting factor to combat obesity and related diseases. Current research also draws attention to the relationship between asprosin and fertility, especially in men. Asprosin improves age-and obesity-related decrease in fertility potential by improving sperm motility. It should also be mentioned that plasma asprosin levels can be differentially modulated by physical activity; intense anaerobic exercise increases asprosin level, while aerobic exercise decreases it. However, further research is necessary to confirm the exact mechanisms of asprosin activity and its potential as a therapeutic target. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of serum levels of zinc, copper, and iron with risk of metabolic syndrome; The association between serum concentrations of zinc, copper, or iron and the risk of metabolic syndrome are inconclusive. Therefore, we conduct a case-control study to explore the relationship between serum levels of zinc, copper, or iron and metabolic syndrome as well as each metabolic factor and insulin resistance. We enrolled 1165 adults, aged ≥ 40 (65.8 ± 10) years in a hospital-based population to compare the serum levels of zinc, copper, and iron between subjects with and without metabolic syndrome by using multivariate logistic regression analyses. The least square means were computed by general linear models to compare serum concentrations of zinc, copper, and iron in relation to the number of metabolic factors. The mean serum concentrations of zinc, copper, and iron were 941.91 ± 333.63 µg/L, 1043.45 ± 306.36 µg/L, and 1246.83 ± 538.13 µg/L, respectively. The odds ratios (ORs) of metabolic syndrome for the highest versus the lowest quartile were 5.83 (95% CI: 3.35–10.12; p for trend < 0.001) for zinc, 2.02 (95% CI: 1.25–3.25; p for trend: 0.013) for copper, and 2.11 (95% CI: 1.24–3.62; p for trend: 0.021) for iron after adjusting for age, sex, personal habits, body mass index, and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance. Additionally, the serum zinc, copper, and iron concentrations increased as the number of metabolic factors rose (p for trend < 0.001). This was the first study to clearly demonstrate that higher serum levels of zinc, copper, and iron were associated with the risk of metabolic syndrome and the number of metabolic factors independent of BMI and insulin resistance. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A review of wearable sensors based monitoring with daily physical activity to manage type 2 diabetes; Globally, the aging and the lifestyle lead to rabidly increment of the number of type two diabetes (T2D) patients. Critically, T2D considers as one of the most challenging healthcare issue. Importantly, physical activity (PA) plays a vital role of improving glycemic control T2D. However, daily monitoring of T2D using wearable devices/ sensors have a crucial role to monitor glucose levels in the blood. Nowadays, daily physical activity (PA) and exercises have been used to manage T2D. The main contribution of the proposed study is to review the literature about managing and monitoring T2D with daily PA through wearable devices and sensors. Finally, challenges and future trends are also highlighted. © 2021 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.
The role of antioxidants supplementation in clinical practice: focus on cardiovascular risk factors; Oxidative stress may be defined as an imbalance between reactive oxygen species (ROS) and the antioxidant system to counteract or detoxify these potentially damaging molecules. This phenomenon is a common feature of many human disorders, such as cardiovascular disease. Many of the risk factors, including smoking, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, and obesity, are associated with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease, involving an elevated oxidative stress burden (either due to enhanced ROS production or decreased antioxidant protec-tion). There are many therapeutic options to treat oxidative stress-associated cardiovascular dis-eases. Numerous studies have focused on the utility of antioxidant supplementation. However, whether antioxidant supplementation has any preventive and/or therapeutic value in cardiovascular pathology is still a matter of debate. In this review, we provide a detailed description of oxidative stress biomarkers in several cardiovascular risk factors. We also discuss the clinical implications of the supplementation with several classes of antioxidants, and their potential role for protecting against cardiovascular risk factors. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mediterranean diet for the prevention of gestational diabetes in the covid-19 era: Implications of ll-6 in diabesity; The aim of this review is to highlight the influence of the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Gestational Weight Gain (GWG) during the COVID- 19 pandemic era and the specific role of interleukin (IL)-6 in diabesity. It is known that diabetes, high body mass index, high glycated hemoglobin and raised serum IL-6 levels are predictive of poor outcomes in coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The immunopathological mechanisms of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection include rising levels of several cytokines and in particular IL-6. The latter is associated with hyperglycemia and insulin resistance and could be useful for predicting the development of GDM. Rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins, and minerals, MedDiet improves the immune system and could modulate IL-6, C reactive protein and Nuclear Factor (NF)-κB. Moreover, polyphenols could modulate microbiota composition, inhibit the NF-κB pathway, lower IL-6, and upregulate antioxidant enzymes. Finally, adhering to the MedDiet prior to and during pregnancy could have a protective effect, reducing GWG and the risk of GDM, as well as improving the immune response to viral infections such as COVID-19. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Understanding the Link Between Maternal Overnutrition, Cardio-Metabolic Dysfunction and Cognitive Aging; Obesity has long been identified as a global epidemic with major health implications such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Maternal overnutrition leads to significant health issues in industrial countries and is one of the risk factors for the development of obesity and related disorders in the progeny. The wide accessibility of junk food in recent years is one of the major causes of obesity, as it is low in nutrient content and usually high in salt, sugar, fat, and calories. An excess of nutrients during fetal life not only has immediate effects on the fetus, including increased growth and fat deposition in utero, but also has long-term health consequences. Based on human studies, it is difficult to discern between genetic and environmental contributions to the risk of disease in future generations. Consequently, animal models are essential for studying the impact of maternal overnutrition on the developing offspring. Recently, animal models provided some insight into the physiological mechanisms that underlie developmental programming. Most of the studies employed thus far have focused only on obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in the offspring. These studies have advanced our understanding of how maternal overnutrition in the form of high-fat diet exposure can lead to an increased risk of obesity in the offspring, but many questions remain open. How maternal overnutrition may increase the risk of developing brain pathology such as cognitive disabilities in the offspring and increase the risk to develop metabolic disorders later in life? Further, does maternal overnutrition exacerbate cognitive- and cardio-metabolic aging in the offspring? © Copyright © 2021 Peleg-Raibstein.
Insulin’s discovery: New insights on its hundredth birthday: From insulin action and clearance to sweet networks; In 2021, the 100th anniversary of the isolation of insulin and the rescue of a child with type 1 diabetes from death will be marked. In this review, we highlight advances since the ingenious work of the four discoverers, Frederick Grant Banting, John James Rickard Macleod, James Bertram Collip and Charles Herbert Best. Macleoad closed his Nobel Lecture speech by raising the question of the mechanism of insulin action in the body. This challenge attracted many investigators, and the question remained unanswered until the third part of the 20th century. We summarize what has been learned, from the discovery of cell surface receptors, insulin action, and clearance, to network and precision medicine. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Impact of probiotic supplementation and the role of gut microbiome in obesity; Obesity is an outcome of irregular energy intake and balance, changes in gut microbiota, and improper diet, which is further influenced by the host’s genetic makeup and environmental factors. Several studies in vitro, in vivo, and human clinical trials have highlighted the influence of fermented food and microbes on obesity-associated consequences. They include probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics. Probiotics are defined as viable microorganisms that reach the intestine in an active state sufficient to exert positive health benefits. A prebiotic is “a selectively fermented ingredient that allows specific changes, both in the composition and/or activity in the gastrointestinal microbiota that confers benefits upon host well-being and health.” A synbiotic is a synergistic combination of both pre and probiotics. Here we try to explain the factors influencing obesity, the role of microbiome, and probiotic intervention in obesity. These effects could be attributed to their ability to alter the intestinal microbiota, remodeling the energy metabolism, alter the expression of genes related to thermogenesis, glucose metabolism, and lipid metabolism, and change the parasympathetic nerve activity. Further in-depth studies are necessary to identify the best probiotic or synbiotic mixture, optimum dosage, duration of the intervention, and mode of action to reduce obesity. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vitamin A and Its Multi-Effects on Pancreas: Recent Advances and Prospects; Vitamin A (VA), which is stored in several forms in most tissues, is required to maintain metabolite homeostasis and other processes, including the visual cycle, energy balance, epithelial cell integrity, and infection resistance. In recent years, VA molecules, also known as retinoids, have been extensively explored and used in the treatment of skin disorders and immune-related tumors. To date, several observational and interventional studies have explored the relationship between VA status and the pathogenesis of diabetes. In particular, VA micronutrients have been shown to regulate pancreatic development, β-cell function, pancreatic innate immune responses, and pancreatic stellate cells phenotypes through multiple mechanisms. However, there are still many problems to be proven or resolved. In this review, we summarize and discuss recent and available evidence on VA biological metabolism in the pancreas. Analysis of the effects of VA on metabolism in the pancreas will contribute to our understanding of the supportive physiological roles of VA in pancreas protection. © Copyright © 2021 Zhou, Wang, Zhou, Qiu, Cai, Li, Shen, Hu, Ding, Luo, Huang, Yan, Xu, He, Zhang, Li, Sun and Ma.
The current and potential therapeutic use of metformin—the good old drug; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metabolic impact of weight variations in Icelandic horses; Background. Insulin dysregulation (ID) is an equine endocrine disorder, which is often accompanied by obesity and various metabolic perturbations. The relationship between weight variations and fluctuations of the insulin response to oral glucose tests (OGT) as well as the metabolic impact of ID have been described previously. The present study seeks to characterize the concomitant metabolic impact of variations in the insulin response and bodyweight during repeated OGTs using a metabolomics approach. Methods. Nineteen Icelandic horses were subjected to five OGTs over one year and their bodyweight, insulin and metabolic response were monitored. Analysis of metabolite concentrations depending on time (during the OGT), relative bodyweight (rWeight; defined as the bodyweight at one OGT divided by the mean bodyweight across all OGTs) and relative insulin response (rAUCins; defined accordingly from the area under the insulin curve during OGT) was performed using linear models. Additionally, the pathways significantly associated with time, rWeight and rAUCins were identified by rotation set testing. Results. The results suggested that weight gain and worsening of ID activate distinct metabolic pathways. The metabolic profile associated with weight gain indicated an increased activation of arginase, while the pathways associated with time and rAUCins were consistent with the expected effect of glucose and insulin, respectively. Overall, more metabolites were significantly associated with rWeight than with rAUCins.  Copyright 2021 Delarocque et al.
The mechanism of skin glycation reaction, influencing factors and the development status of anti-glycation in the cosmetics industry; The formation process of the advanced glycation end product (AGEs) and its effect on the skin were clarified in the paper through the introduction of the mechanism of skin glycation in details and the measures against the skin glycation and the mechanism of action were introduced too. The cosmetic brands and ingredients that claim anti-glycation effects at present were summarized, and the deficiencies in the development of antiglycation cosmetics in the market were analyzed in personal opinion. It aims to provide solid and scientific theoretical basis for the development of anti-glycation cosmetics. © 2021 Editorial Office China Surfactant Detergent and Cosmetics. All rights reserved.
Grifola frondosa GF5000 improves insulin resistance by modulation the composition of gut microbiota in diabetic rats; The aim was to investigate whether Grifola frondosa fraction (Mw > 5000D) (GF5000) could restore the gut microbiota dysbiosis to improves insulin resistance in diabetic rats. Oral glucose tolerance test and serum biochemical parameter were assessed of the hypoglycemic activity of GF5000 (112.5 and 675 mg/kg/d, i.g.) in diabetic rats for 48 d. The mRNA and protein levels of inflammatory markers in epididymal white adipose tissue were determined by qPCR and western blotting. In rats intestinal tissue, sequencing of the V3-4 region of 16S rRNA genes were analyzed. GF5000 significantly lowered fasting serum glucose (P < 0.05), the area under the curve (P < 0.01), insulin resistance index (P < 0.01) and serum lipids profile (P < 0.05) in diabetic rats. GF5000 decreased the mRNA levels of inflammatory markers (P < 0.05), simultaneously modulated the composition of gut microbiota. Data suggests that the potential of GF5000 improvement insulin resistant is relation of alleviation the inflammation by modulating composition of gut microbiota. © 2020
Evaluation of fetal exposures to metals and metalloids through meconium analyses: A review; This paper surveys the existing scientific literature on metals concentrations in meconium. We examine some 32 papers that analyzed meconium for aluminum, arsenic, barium, calcium, chro-mium, copper, iron, lithium, magnesium, manganese, zinc, lead, mercury, manganese, molyb-denum, nickel, phosphorus, lead, antimony, selenium, tin, vanadium, and zinc. Because of the lack of detail in the statistics it is not possible to do a rigorous meta-analysis. What stands out is that almost every study had subjects with seemingly large amounts of at least one of the metals. The significance of metals in meconium is not clear beyond an indication of exposure although some studies have correlated metals in meconium to a number of adverse outcomes. A number of out-standing questions have been identified that, if resolved, would greatly increase the utility of meco-nium analysis for assessment of long-term gestational metals exposures. Among these are questions of the developmental and long-term significance of metals detected in meconium, the kinetics and interactions among metals in maternal and fetal compartments and questions on best methods for meconium analyses. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Dysbiosis is one of the risk factor for stroke and cognitive impairment and potential target for treatment; More than 50 million people have various forms of cognitive impairment basically caused by neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and cerebrovascular diseases as well as stroke. Often these conditions coexist and exacerbate one another. The damaged area in post-stroke dementia may lead to neurodegenerative lesions. Gut microbiome functions like an endocrine organ by generating bioactive metabolites that can directly or indirectly impact human physiology. An alteration in the composition and function of intestinal flora, i.e. gut dysbiosis, is implicated in neurodegenerative and cerebrovascular diseases. Additionally, gut dysbiosis may accelerate the progression of cognitive impairment. Dysbiosis may result from obesity; metabolic disorders, cardiovascular disease, and sleep disorders, Lack of physical activity is associated with dysbiosis as well. These may coexist in various patterns in older people, enhancing the risk, incidence, and progression of cerebrovascular lesions, neurodegenerative disorders, and cognitive impairment, creating a vicious circle. Recently, it has been reported that several metabolites produced by gut microbiota (e.g., trimethylamine/trimethylamine N-oxide, short-chain fatty acids, secondary bile acids) may be linked to neurodegenerative and cerebrovascular diseases. New treatment modalities, including prebiotic and probiotics, may normalize the gut microbiota composition, change the brain-gut barrier, and decrease the risk of the pathology development. Fecal microbiota transplantation, sometimes in combination with other methods, is used for remodeling and replenishing the symbiotic gut microbiome. This promising field of research is associated with basic findings of bidirectional communication between body organs and gut microbiota that creates new possibilities of pharmacological treatments of many clinical conditions. The authors present the role of gut microbiota in physiology, and the novel therapeutic targets in modulation of intestinal microbiota Personalized therapies based on their personal genome make up could offer benefits by modulating microbiota cross-talk with brain and cardiovascular system. A healthy lifestyle, including pre and probiotic nutrition is generally recommended. Prevention may also be enhanced by correcting gut dysbiosis resulting a reduced risk of post-stroke cognitive impairment including dementia. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Role of probiotics and prebiotics in digestion, metabolism, and immunity; Probiotics are microbes that help maintain and stabilize the intestinal flora, resist pathogenic colonization in the gastrointestinal tract, modulate the immune system, improve vitamin synthesis, absorption of mineral salts, and enhance the production of short-chain fatty acids, bacteriocin, and other antimicrobial substances. Prebiotic substances are nondigestible oligosaccharides that influence the intestinal flora by improving the microbial flora’s saccharolytic activity. The development of the microbial flora starts at birth and gets altered with varying physiological changes that occur with aging. Multiple studies have shown that probiotics and prebiotics help manage several disease conditions, including infectious and inflammatory conditions. Their roles in metabolism have also been well explored. This chapter briefly discusses the role of probiotics and prebiotics in digestion, metabolism, and immunity. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Promising Prospects of Probiotics and Postbiotics Derived from Lactic Acid Bacteria as Pharma Foods; The focus of food consumption has shifted from satisfaction to health-promoting impact. Consumers are becoming more aware of their health. Food and health care industries procure myriad functional foods that contain additional nutritional components. Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) play an essential role in various industries owing to their health-promoting effects. Cancer originates at the sites of chronic inflammation. Cancer is a severe public health problem which is considered as among the common cause of death globally. The incidence and mortality rate of cancer have been steadily growing worldwide. Many chemotherapy regimens are effectively used to treat cancer; however, cancer cells often acquire drug resistance that generally leads to relapse and worsening of prognosis. Therefore, continuing endless effort in finding a safer alternative or add-on treatment with lower or no side effects through the healthy dietary constituents as well as practical and appropriate supplements is prior necessary. The promising prospects of LAB probiotics and fermented products mediated by LAB have been extensively reported. Recently, there are numerous studies on LAB metabolites, postbiotics, a new preparation of non-viable supplement, exhibiting various health-promoting and beneficial physiological effects to the animal host by improving the mucosal gut barrier integrity and reducing the pathogen-induced inflammation. Therefore, a comparative review of the promising potential of probiotics and postbiotics as a functional food, ingredient or supplements and adjunctive therapeutic aids are revealed in this chapter. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2021.
Functions of forkhead box O on glucose metabolism in abalone haliotis discus hannai and its responses to high levels of dietary lipid; The forkhead box O (FoxO) subfamily is a member of the forkhead transcription factor family. It has regulation functions in glucose metabolism in mammals and fish. In the present study, a gene of the foxo homolog in abalone Haliotis discus hannai was cloned. A conservative forkhead (FH) domain and a transactivation (FoxO-TAD) domain were identified. Abalone foxo-specific siRNA (small interfering RNA) was injected to investigate the functions of foxo on glucose metabo-lism. Knockdown of foxo inhibited expression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (pepck) and significantly increased expressions of hexokinase (hk) and pyruvate kinase (pk), but it failed to inhibit the relative mRNA level of glucose-6-phosphatase (g6pase). Then, a 100-day feeding trial was conducted to investigate the response of foxo and glucose metabolism in abalone fed with 1.57% (LFD, low-fat diet), 3.82% (MFD, middle-fat diet) and 6.72% (HFD, high-fat diet) of dietary lipid, respectively. The insulin-signaling pathway (AKT) was depressed and FoxO was activated by the HFD, but it did not inhibit glycolysis (hk) or improved gluconeogenesis significantly (pepck and g6pase). At the same time, impaired hepatopancreas glycogen storage raised hemolymph glucose levels. In conclusion, abalone foxo can be regulated by dietary lipid and can regulate gluconeogene-sis or glycolysis in response to changes of dietary lipid levels, in which glycogen metabolism plays an important role. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adeno-Associated Virus-Mediated Knockdown of SLC16A11 Improves Glucose Tolerance and Hepatic Insulin Signaling in High Fat Diet-Fed Mice; Background SLC16A11, a member of the SLC16 family, is associated with lipid metabolism, causing increased intracellular triacylglycerol (TAG) levels. In the current study, our primary goal was to determine if an SLC16A11 knockdown would improve glucose tolerance and hepatic insulin signaling in high fat diet (HFD)-fed mice. Additionally, the mechanism for exercise-improved insulin sensitivity remains unclear, and there is no mechanistic insight into SLC16A11's role in insulin sensitivity under exercise stress. Therefore, we also examined the impact of endurance exercise on the abundance of SLC16A11. Methods C57BL/6 J male mice were fed either regular chow (Control) or HFD for 8 weeks and then injected with adeno-associated virus (AAV). Plasma parameters, tissue lipid contents, glucose tolerance, and expression profiles of hepatic insulin signaling were detected. Also, other mice were divided randomly into sedentary and exercise groups. We assessed hepatic expression of SLC16A11 after 8 weeks of endurance exercise. Results 1) Hepatic SLC16A11 expression was greater in HFD-fed mice compared to Control mice. 2) AAV-mediated knockdown of SLC16A11 improved glucose tolerance, prevented TAG accumulation in serum and liver, and increased phosphorylation of protein kinase B (Akt) and glycogen synthesis kinase-3β (GSK3β) in HFD-fed mice. 3) Endurance exercise decreased hepatic SLC16A11 expression. Conclusions Inactivation of SLC16A11, which is robustly induced by HFD, improved glucose tolerance and hepatic insulin signaling, independent of body weight, but related to TAG. Additionally, SLC16A11 might mediate the health benefits of endurance exercise. © 2021 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Obstetric implications of maternal chronic hepatitis B virus infection; Antenatal screening for hepatitis B surface antigen seropositivity is widely adopted to identify pregnant women with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in order to target their newborn infants for combined passive-active neonatal immunization to prevent the maternal-to-child transmission of HBV. It is less certain whether the presence of chronic HBV infection in these largely asymptomatic women could impact their pregnancy outcome. There is now gathering information in the literature, though sometimes conflicting, on the obstetric implications of chronic HBV infection. The conflicting data is most probably related to confounding factors such as the immunological phase of chronic HBV infection, viral genotype and activity, presence of hepatic inflammation and other co-existing liver disorders such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and coinfection with other virus such as hepatitis C virus and micro-organisms, which are usually not examined, but which could have made significant influence on the occurrence of many of the pregnancy complications and adverse fetal and neonatal outcome. For pregnancy complications, the evidence suggests association with increased gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, caesarean delivery, and postpartum haemorrhage, probably increased placental abruption and prelabour rupture of the membranes, and no effect or a reduction in the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, especially preeclampsia. For perinatal outcome, there may be increased miscarriage and fetal malformations, and increase in both low birthweight and large-for-gestational age/macrosomic infants, as well as increased intrauterine fetal demise/stillbirth and fetal distress. However, most studies have not elaborated on the mechanisms or explanations of many of the adverse outcomes. Taken together, maternal chronic HBV infection increases the risk of adverse obstetric outcome overall, but further prospective studies are warranted to elucidate the reasons and mechanisms of, and with a view to mitigating, these adverse obstetric outcomes. © The Author(s) 2021.
Lycopene; Lycopene is one of the important members of the carotenoid family which is structurally a tetraterpene of eight isoprene units found abundantly in tomato and its derivative products. Lycopene is a non-pro-vitamin A carotenoid associated with high antioxidant activity. It has also been demonstrated to have wide variety of beneficial effects in the prevention and treatment of various diseases like diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, cancers, skin and bone ailments, neurological disorders, etc. In this chapter we have summarized the knowledge about this miracle compound, its structure, function, biochemical role, and possible mechanisms whereby it serves as miracle nutrient against various diseases. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Epigenetic regulation of processes related to high level of fibroblast growth factor 21 in obese subjects; We hypothesised that epigenetics may play an important role in mediating fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) resistance in obesity. We aimed to evaluate DNA methylation changes and miRNA pattern in obese subjects associated with high serum FGF21 levels. The study included 136 participants with BMI 27–45 kg/m2. Fasting FGF21, glucose, insulin, GIP, lipids, adipokines, miokines and cytokines were measured and compared in high serum FGF21 (n = 68) group to low FGF21 (n = 68) group. Human DNA Methylation Microarrays were analysed in leukocytes from each group (n = 16). Expression of miRNAs was evaluated using quantitative PCR-TLDA. The study identified differentially methylated genes in pathways related to glucose transport, insulin secretion and signalling, lipid transport and cellular metabolism, response to nutrient levels, thermogenesis, browning of adipose tissue and bone mineralisation. Additionally, it detected transcription factor genes regulating FGF21 and fibroblast growth factor receptor and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor pathways regulation. Increased expression of hsa-miR-875-5p and decreased expression of hsa-miR-133a-3p, hsa-miR-185-5p and hsa-miR-200c-3p were found in the group with high serum FGF21. These changes were associated with high FGF21, VEGF and low adiponectin serum levels. Our results point to a significant role of the epigenetic regulation of genes involved in metabolic pathways related to FGF21 action. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal Complications in Multifetal Pregnancy; Although attention for fetal complications of multifetal pregnancies prevails in modern obstetric teaching and literature, it is a moral and medical imperative to also consider the health of the woman herself in clinical decision-making. Multifetal pregnancy poses her at increased risk of antepartum and peripartum complications compared to singleton pregnancies. It is important to be aware of such risks, and to, as much as possible, avoid iatrogenic multifetal pregnancies as well as medical procedures without medical indication, both of which may be harmful to the woman. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021. All rights are reserved.
Adipokines in patients with hypertensive disease with obesity in the dynamics of combined antihypertensive therapy; Hypertensive disease today is one of the most common cardiovascular diseases, as well as the most common disease associated with obesity. Evaluation of the level of adipokines, namely adiponutrin and galanin, depending on the degree and duration of hypertension, the degree of obesity and their correction against the background of combined antihypertensive therapy is relevant for further understanding of this comorbidity and improvement of the early diagnostics. 127 people were examined, including 107 patients with hypertension of degree 1-3 and 20 healthy persons. Of the patients included in the study, the adiponutrin and the galanin levels were determined in 58 patients, out of which 22 were prescribed different regimens of combined antihypertensive therapy. To determine the level of adiponutrin and galanin, an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used. A significant increase was found in the blood serum of the examined adipokines in comparison with the control group: the galanin level was 4.8 times higher than in the control group, the adiponutrin level in patients with this comorbid pathology was 3.3 times higher than that in the control group. The galanin level is most pronounced in patients with hypertension of degree 3 and obesity of degree 3, which is confirmed by the presence of a direct correlation with systolic, diastolic and pulse blood pressure, very low density lipoprotein cholesterol. The adiponutrin level in the blood serum increased correspondingly to the increase in body mass index: in patients with obesity of degree 3 it was 15.8 times higher than this indicator in patients with normal body weight, 8.8 times higher than in patients with overweight, 6.1 times higher than in patients with obesity of degree 1 and 2.5 times higher than in patients with obesity of degree 2. The levels of the studied adipokines in patients differed also relative to the duration of hypertension. There was a 1.8-, 5.1-, 5.2- fold increase (respectively, ≤5, 6-10, >10 years) of the galanin content in the blood serum compared to the control group. Also an increase of the serum adiponutrin level was noted in comparison with the control group. Against the background of combined antihypertensive therapy, we observed favourable dynamics of galanin and adiponutrin. It is important to conduct further studies to assess the activity of galanin and adiponutrin with a longer follow-up period in wider populations. © 2021 Oles Honchar Dnipro National University. All rights reserved.
Retinol-Binding Protein 4 Activates STRA6, Provoking Pancreatic b-Cell Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes; Pancreatic b-cell dysfunction plays a decisive role in the progression of type 2 diabetes. Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a prominent adipokine in type 2 diabetes, although its effect on b-cell function remains elusive, and the underlying mechanisms are unknown. Here, we found that elevated circulating RBP4 levels were in-versely correlated with pancreatic b-cell function in db/db mice across different glycemic stages. RBP4 directly suppressed glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) in primary isolated islets and INS-1E cells in a dose-and time-dependent manner. RBP4 transgenic (RBP4-Tg) overexpressing mice showed a dynamic decrease of GSIS, which appeared as early as 8 weeks old, preceding the impairment of insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. Islets isolated from RBP4-Tg mice showed a significant decrease of GSIS. Mechanistically, we demonstrated that the stimulated by retinoic acid 6 (STRA6), RBP4’s only known specific membrane re-ceptor, is expressed in b-cells and mediates the inhib-itory effect of RBP4 on insulin synthesis through the Janus kinase 2/STAT1/ISL-1 pathway. Moreover, de-creasing circulating RBP4 level could effectively restore b-cell dysfunction and ameliorate hyperglycemia in db/db mice. These observations revealed a role of RBP4 in pancreatic b-cell dysfunction, which provides new insight into the diabetogenic effect of RBP4. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Medical Conditions; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a common endocrinopathy that has been associated with many medical conditions across nearly every specialty. This chapter reviews the current understanding of polycystic ovary syndrome and associated medical conditions. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Effects of probiotic and alpha-lipoic acid supplements, separately or in combination on the anthropometric indicators and maintenance of weight in overweight individuals; Background & aims: Weight loss after proper diet is one of the main topics in nutrition. This study was designed to evaluate the effects of probiotic and alpha-Lipoic acid (ALA) supplements on the anthropometric indicators and maintenance of weight in overweight individuals. Methods: This study consisted of two phases of weight loss (8 weeks) and weight maintenance (16 weeks). Eighty-eight overweight participants were randomly divided into 4 groups in phase 1: isocaloric diet with probiotic (500 mg), an isocaloric diet with ALA (600 mg) and probiotic, an isocaloric diet with ALA and isocaloric diet with placebo. In phase 2, participants received a normal diet with the mentioned supplements. In the beginning, end of the phase 1, and at the end of phase 2, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), body fat percentage, and blood pressure (BP) were measured. Also, 10 cc blood samples were taken from subjects to measure C-reactive protein (CRP). Data was analyzed using SPSS software. Results: At the end of the two phases, the differences of changes in the probiotic + ALA group was significant in weight, WC, and CRP factors when compared to the other groups (P < 0.05). Also, at the end of the study, maintain a reduced weight was significantly higher in the probiotic + ALA group than in the other groups (P < 0.05). Conclusion: According to findings, probiotics and ALA supplementation with normal diet help to maintain decreased weight after adhering to a weight loss diet. This may be due to the reduction of inflammation. Trial registration: (IRCT20141025019669N10). © 2020 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Phytosterols: From Preclinical Evidence to Potential Clinical Applications; Phytosterols (PSs) are plant-originated steroids. Over 250 PSs have been isolated, and each plant species contains a characteristic phytosterol composition. A wide number of studies have reported remarkable pharmacological effects of PSs, acting as chemopreventive, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antidiabetic, and antiatherosclerotic agents. However, PS bioavailability is a key issue, as it can be influenced by several factors (type, source, processing, preparation, delivery method, food matrix, dose, time of administration into the body, and genetic factors), and the existence of a close relationship between their chemical structures (e.g., saturation degree and side-chain length) and low absorption rates has been stated. In this sense, the present review intends to provide in-depth data on PS therapeutic potential for human health, also emphasizing their preclinical effects and bioavailability-related issues. © Copyright © 2021 Salehi, Quispe, Sharifi-Rad, Cruz-Martins, Nigam, Mishra, Konovalov, Orobinskaya, Abu-Reidah, Zam, Sharopov, Venneri, Capasso, Kukula-Koch, Wawruszak and Koch.
Gut Bacterial Dysbiosis and Its Clinical Implications; The gut microbiota as it is collectively known, functions as an organ of the human body influencing various metabolic, immunologic and neurologic activities. Our understanding of this microbial community has drastically increased in the past decade owing to a burst in ‘omics’ sciences. A healthy microbiome is essential for energy harvest and normal functioning of other body processes beyond the gut. However, perturbances in the gut microbiota referred to as ‘dysbiosis’ are said to hamper the homeostatic condition and are implicated in the development of a number of diseases such as obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, inflammation, etc. A number of factors such as antibiotic misuse, dietary lifestyle, etc. are said to lead to bacterial dysbiosis. Since the gut microbial community is largely composed of bacteria, understanding the composition, factors influencing dysbiosis and its implications in several diseases is important. Thus, this chapter focuses on highlighting the importance of the gut microbiota, factors responsible for dysbiosis, effects of dysbiosis leading to several conditions as well as scope for normalizing the dysbiotic state. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2021.
Association between circulating follistatin-like-1 and metabolic syndrome in middle-aged and old population: A cross-sectional study; Aim: Follistatin-like-1 (FSTL-1) is considered to be a novel cytokine, and it is associated with metabolic diseases. However, it is necessary to investigate further the association of FSTL-1 with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and insulin resistance (IR). We performed a cross-sectional study to investigate the associated of circulating FSTL-1 with the MetS. Materials and methods: A cross-sectional study was performed in 487 Chinese people, including 231 control subjects and 256 patients with MetS. Bioinformatics analysis was used to determine the protein and pathways associated with FSTL-1. The protein and protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed and analysed. Serum FSTL-1 concentrations were determined by an ELISA assay. The association of FSTL-1 with MetS components and IR was assessed. Results: Serum FSTL-1 levels were markedly higher in patients with newly diagnosed MetS than in controls (7.5 [5.6-9.2] vs 5.8 [5.0-7.7] μg/L, P <.01). According to bioinformatics analysis, the top high-degree genes were identified as the core genes, including SPARCL1, CYR61, LTBP1, IL-6, BMP2, BMP4, FBN1, FN1 CHRDL1 and FSTL-3. These genes are mainly enriched in pathways including TGF-ß, AGE-RAGE signalling pathway in diabetic complications, and Hippo signalling pathways; in basal cell carcinoma, cytokine-cytokine receptor interaction and in amoebic and Yersinia infections. Furthermore, serum FSTL-1 levels were positively associated with fasting plasma glucose (FPG), waist circumference (WC), blood pressure, triglyceride levels and visceral adiposity index (VAI). We found that serum FSTL-1 levels were markedly associated with MetS and IR by binary logistic regression analysis. Conclusions: We conclude that FSTL-1 may be a novel cytokine related to MetS and IR. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
THE EFFECTS OF AEROBIC, RESISTANCE, AND COMBINED EXERCISE ON C1Q/TNF-RELATED PROTEIN-5 (CTRP-5) LEVELS AND GLYCEMIC PARAMETERS IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS; Background: It has been shown that C1q TNF-related protein 5 (CTRP5) is a novel adipokine and important molecule related to metabolism regulation. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of different training protocols on improving serum levels of CTRP5, fasting blood glucose, insulin, Insulin resistance in patients with T2DM. Methods: Sixty men with T2DM (mean age [X̅ ±SD]=51.45±4.26 years) were randomly assigned to combined exercise group (CEx: n = 15), aerobic exercise group (AEx: n = 15), resistance exercise group (REx: n = 15), or the control group (CON: n= 15). Exercise programs consisted of aerobic exercises at either AEx (50%-75% of HRR) or REx (70%-85% of 1-RM), of equal volume, 3 times per week, 45 to 60 minutes per session for 12 weeks. Serum levels of CTRP5, fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin, Insulin resistance (IR) and body mass index (BMI) were measured at baseline and at the end of the study. The data were analyzed using repeated-measures analysis of variance. Results: After 12 weeks intervention, FBG, insulin, HOMA-IR and BMI levels decreased significantly, whereas the serum CTRP5 levels increased in the CEx, AEx and Rex groups compared to control (P <.05). Conclusion: It appears that the increased levels of CTRP5 following exercise interventions contribute to the decreased risk of T2DM. © 2021, Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Expression of miRNA in obesity and insulin resistance: a review; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are part of the epigenetic mechanisms that regulate gene expression at a post-transcriptional level. This review describes some miRNAs whose expression is modified in obesity and that may be involved in the development of insulin resistance. The metabolic alterations associated with obesity are due to an adipose tissue dysfunction. miRNAs are a mechanism that regulates gene expression, one miRNA can regulate the expression up to a thousand genes, and at the same time one gene can be regulated by several miRNAs; moreover, miRNA expression is tissue specific. Obesity leads to a dysregulation of miRNA expression in adipose tissue, and changes in miRNA expression relate to changes in gene expression related to the development of insulin resistance. However, because miRNA can be exported to the extracellular medium through exosomes, proteins, and lipoproteins, miRNA can be found in extracellular fluids like blood, urine, saliva, and cerebrospinal fluid. Considering the above, miRNA have been proposed as biological markers of different diseases, and also as potential therapeutic targets. (Endokrynol Pol 2021; 72 (1): 73–80) © 2021 Via Medica. All rights reserved.
Adiponectin as a potential biomarker for pregnancy disorders; Adiponectin is an adipocyte-derived hormone that plays a critical role in energy homeostasis, mainly attributed to its insulin-sensitizing properties. Accumulating studies have reported that adiponectin concentrations are decreased during metabolic diseases, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, with an emerging body of evidence providing support for its use as a biomarker for pregnancy complications. The identification of maternal factors that could predict the outcome of compromised pregnancies could act as valuable tools that allow the early recognition of high-risk pregnancies, facilitating close follow-up and prevention of pregnancy complications in mother and child. In this review we consider the role of adiponectin as a potential biomarker of disorders associated with pregnancy. We discuss common disorders associated with pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, preterm birth and abnormal intrauterine growth) and highlight studies that have investigated the potential of adiponectin to serve as biomarkers for these disorders. We conclude the review by recommending strategies to consider for future research. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Other Maternal Disorders Complicating Pregnancy; The pregnancy outcome relies on the appropriate interaction of the mother, placenta, and fetus. This chapter deals with those maternal conditions which have an impact on the development and function of the placenta and thus on fetal development and well-being. This includes inherited conditions as well as those that are acquired including those relating to lifestyle choices. Unfortunately, many studies relating to the maternal conditions are observational and do not include placental pathology. Those with some placental findings include details such as weight but no definite information as to whether this is with or without formalin and with or without membranes or cord attached which will have a significant impact on weight. This applies particularly in multicenter trials where practices may vary between institutions. It is recommended that pathology departments implement databases relating to placental pathology associated with the many and varied maternal conditions and associations that complicate pregnancies. There is also a need to adhere to accepted international recommendations on macroscopic and microscopic reporting to assist with comparability of studies and refining the significance of placental pathologies associated with these conditions for mother and/or baby. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2012, 2022.
Diabetes, metabolic disease, and telomere length; Telomeres are regions of repetitive nucleotide sequences at the ends of chromosomes. Telomere length is a marker of DNA damage, which is often considered a biomarker for biological ageing, and has also been linked with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer. Emerging studies have highlighted the role of genetic and environmental factors, and explored the effect of modulating telomere length. We provide an overview of studies to date on diabetes and telomere length, and compare different methods and assays for evaluating telomere length and telomerase activity. We highlight the limitations of current studies and areas that warrant further research to unravel the link between diabetes and telomere length. The value of adding telomere length to clinical risk factors to improve risk prediction of diabetes and related complications also merits further investigation. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Nobiletin activates thermogenesis of brown and white adipose tissue in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6 mice by shaping the gut microbiota; Increasing energy expenditure by activating thermogenesis in brown and beige adipocytes is a critical approach to protect against obesity. Here, we investigated the action and mechanism of a natural polymethoxyflavone on adaptive thermogenesis in high-fat diet-induced obesity mouse model. Nobiletin treatment significantly ameliorated obesity, alleviated the whitening of brown adipose tissue, and promoted browning of white adipose tissue in mice fed a high-fat diet. Gut microbiota analysis and metabolomic profiling revealed that nobiletin treatment resulted in a composition shift in the gut microbiota thereby altering fermentation products acetate levels in the host feces and serum. Further, transplantation of the microbiota from nobiletin-treated mice to microbiota-depleted mice activated brown adipose tissue activity, promoted beige adipocytes formation, and improved high-fat diet-induced obesity. Our results indicate that nobiletin could be used as a dietary therapy to prevent HFD-induced obesity, and provide a potential target-specific gut microbial species-driven mechanism for activating thermogenesis in brown and beige adipocytes. © 2021 Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology
Cytokines in the blood of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus depending on the level of overweight/obesity (literature review and own data); The paper analyzes the current literature data and the results of our own researches concerning the state of the cytokine network: pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin (IL) 1α, IL-1β, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, IL-17 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) α), α- and β-chemokines, including IL-8 and IL-16, as well as adipokines (leptin and adiponectin) in the peripheral blood of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) with normal and increased body weight/obesity. It has been shown that patients with T2D are characterized by an increased content of proinflammatory cytokines (IL-1, IL-6, IL-17, TNFα), α- and β-chemokines in the peripheral blood, including IL-8 and IL-16, as well as leptin with a decrease in adiponectin content. In lean patients (with body mass index (BMI) < 25.5 kg/m2) compared to lean normoglycemic individuals from the control group (BMI < 25.5 kg/m2), there is a small but significant increase in IL-1β, IL-6, IL-17, TNFα and leptin, which, as BMI increases, significantly increases in severe obesity (BMI > 30.0 kg/m2), especially in obese women (BMI > 35.0 kg/m2). Similarly, an increase in proinflammatory cytokines is observed in normoglycemic people, but not as significant as in T2D. Less clear data were obtained when during determination of the anti-inflammatory cytokines IL-4 and IL-10, which is explained by a significant polymorphism of their genes, and both protective and compensatory effects on pro-inflammatory cytokine rise. In T2D patients, especially those with obesity, there is an increase in the leptin level and a decrease in the adiponectin content. The severity of the course and the percentage of mortality are closely associated with the BMI of patients. The effectiveness of the fight against an increase in the incidence of T2D should be primarily aimed at preventing obesity, and in case of already developed T2D — at reducing concomitant obesity. The analysis of the data presented also suggests that a sharp increase in the content of pro-inflammatory cytokines (so called cytokine storm) observed in patients with T2D and obesity infected with COVID-19, is a consequence of the summation and potentiation of already existing inflammatory process. © 2021. The Authors.
Obesity as a multisystem disease: Trends in obesity rates and obesity-related complications; Obesity is a chronic multisystem disease associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The increasing prevalence of obesity makes it a major healthcare challenge across both developed and developing countries. Traditional measures such as body mass index do not always identify individuals at increased risk of comorbidities, yet continue to be used in deciding who qualifies for weight loss treatment. A better understanding of how obesity is associated with comorbidities, in particular non-metabolic conditions, is needed to identify individuals at risk in order to prioritize treatment. For metabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes (T2D), weight loss can prevent T2D in individuals with prediabetes. It can improve and reverse T2D if weight loss is achieved early in the course of the disease. However, access to effective weight loss treatments is a significant barrier to improved health for people with obesity. In the present paper, we review the rising prevalence of obesity and why it should be classed as a multisystem disease. We will discuss potential mechanisms underlying its association with various comorbidities and how these respond to treatment, with a particular focus on cardiometabolic disease, malignancy and mental health. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Association between placenta concentrations polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls and gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study in northwestern Spain; Exposure to persistent organic pollutants begins in uterine life. The study was conducted to evaluate associations between gestational diabetes mellitus and the presence of persistent organic pollutants in placenta samples. They were derived from a birth cohort study in Ourense (NW Spain). Selective pressurized liquid extraction methodologies were used to determine targeted persistent organic pollutants in placenta samples. Cleanup of extracts was performed by solid-phase extraction using EZ-POP cartridges and detection by gas chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry. Statistical calculations were performed by comparing the values obtained in the case and control groups. Statistical significance was considered as p < 0.050. Results: The concentrations of several congeners of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) presented lower levels in the placentas of expectant mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus when comparing them to the control cohort. This difference was statistically significant. It was revealed that this association was independent of obesity, age, parity, amenorrhoea at birth, or a family history of diabetes mellitus. To the best of our knowledge, this paper reported an inverse relationship between PBDE and PCB levels in placenta and gestational diabetes mellitus for the first time. We believe this may open a door to future studies in this field. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH, DE part of Springer Nature.
NFKB1-mediated downregulation of microRNA-106a promotes oxidative stress injury and insulin resistance in mice with gestational hypertension; This study intended to investigate the role of NFKB1 in oxidative stress injury and insulin resistance in gestational hypertension (GH) mice. Following establishment of a GH mouse model by high-fat diet, NFKB1, miR-106a, and FLOT2 expression was detected in liver of mice. After NFKB1, miR-106a, and FLOT2 were altered in GH mice by lentiviral vector, oxidative stress markers in liver tissues were examined by colorimetry, and insulin resistance was assessed by fasting blood glucose and fasting insulin levels. Next, hepatocytes were isolated from GH mice and treated with miR-106a mimic, inhibitor or siRNA, followed by determination of hepatocyte apoptosis and the expression of inflammation- and apoptosis-related factors. Evaluation of the correlations among NFKB1, miR-106a, and FLOT2 were conducted. Liver of GH mice harbored NFKB1 and FLOT2 upregulation and miR-106a downregulation. miR-106a was transcriptionally inhibited by NFKB1, and negatively targeted FLOT2. Oxidative stress injury and insulin resistance in GH mice and apoptosis and inflammation of hepatocytes from GH mice were decreased after silencing NFKB1 or FLOT2 or overexpressing miR-106a. These findings provided evidence demonstrating the inhibitory effect of NFKB1 silencing on oxidative stress injury and insulin resistance in GH mice via miR-106a upregulation and FLOT2 downregulation. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. part of Springer Nature.
Maternal-fetal outcomes of exercise applied in rats with mild hyperglycemia after embryonic implantation; Background: Exercise is commonly recommended to control hyperglycemia, including during pregnancy. We conducted this study to understand the potential benefits and risks of exercise during pregnancy of women with diabetes. Specifically, we evaluated the effects of swimming on a diabetic rat during pregnancy and assayed maternal-fetal parameters. Methods: Diabetes was induced in the female newborn from Wistar rats by the streptozotocin administration on first postnatal day. At 110 days of life, after confirm mild symptoms of diabetes, the rats were mated and randomly distributed into four experimental groups (minimum of 13 animals/group): Control (C)—nondiabetic animals without swimming; Control and Exercise (CEx)—nondiabetic animals submitted to swimming; Mild Diabetic (MD)—diabetic animals without swimming; Mild Diabetic and Exercise (MDEx)—diabetic animals submitted to swimming. The swimming program was performed from day 7 to 21 of pregnancy. Maternal parameters were evaluated during the pregnancy period. On day 21 of pregnancy, the rats were sacrificed and maternal and fetal parameters analyzed. Results: There are no alterations in body weight, food consumption, water intake, and reproductive outcomes among the groups. The swimming program did not normalize maternal glycemia and other biochemical biomarkers. The diabetes and exercise combination increased organ weight. The fetuses born to these exercising diabetic rats had reduced fetal weight and increased skeletal anomalies (mainly incomplete ossification of sternebra). Conclusion: The intense swimming exercise imposed on female rats during pregnancy impaired maternal metabolic repercussions, contributing to intrauterine growth restriction and fetal skeletal anomalies. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Vascular diameter and intima-media thickness to diameter ratio values of the carotid artery in 642 healthy children; In children, arterial alterations occur with increased intima-media thickness as well as vascular diameter enlargement. Both conditions correlate with higher cardiovascular risk in adults, and both the array and proportion of these alterations are important hemodynamic parameters. In terms of functional adaptation processes, they influence several arterial wall properties as for example the shear and tensile stress of the vessel. There are no reference values for the vascular diameter and intima-media thickness/diameter ratio of the carotid artery in children. Therefore, this study aimed to assess vascular diameter, intima-media thickness/diameter ratio and related tensile stress values in children and to further investigate the influence of sex, age, body mass index, and blood pressure. The parameters were measured with high-resolution semi-automated ultrasound. Sex- and age-dependent values were calculated with the LMS method for a cross-sectional sample of 642 healthy, non-obese children aged 8–17 years. The mean vascular diameter was 5.45 ± 0.46 mm; the median intima-media thickness/diameter ratio was 0.085 (0.079–0.092); the median tensile stress was 105.4 (95.2–116.4) kPa. The vascular diameter and the tensile stress were higher, and the intima-media thickness/diameter ratio was lower in boys than in girls. In comparison to the normal weight study population the excludedobese children had a significantly higher diameter, a lower intima-media thickness/diameter ratio, and a higher tensile stress. In multiple regression analyses of diameter, intima-media thickness/diameter ratio, and tensile stress, all parameters were influenced by sex and body mass index. Furthermore, systolic and diastolic blood pressure significantly influenced the vascular diameter, and systolic blood pressure significantly influenced the intima-media thickness/diameter ratio. Conclusion: This study is the first to report values for the diameter, the intima-media thickness/diameter ratio of the carotid artery, and the related tensile stress allowing a more differentiated view of cardiovascular adaptations as it combines structural and functional vascular parameters.• Intima-media thickness and vascular diameter are related to a higher cardiovascular risk in adults• The intima-media thickness/diameter ratio gives information about hemodynamic and functional vessel adaptation• Values for vascular diameter, intima-media thickness/diameter ratio, and tensile stress of the carotid artery in children are presented in this study• Intima-media thickness as a surrogate marker for arterial health in children should be complemented by intima-media thickness/diameter ratio measurement © 2020, The Author(s).
Gestational diabetes mellitus and infant adiposity at birth: A systematic review and meta-analysis of therapeutic interventions; Exposure to untreated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in utero increases the risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in adulthood, and increased adiposity in GDM-exposed infants is sug-gested as a plausible mediator of this increased risk of later-life metabolic disorders. Evidence is equivocal regarding the impact of good glycaemic control in GDM mothers on infant adiposity at birth. We systematically reviewed studies reporting fat mass (FM), percent fat mass (%FM) and skinfold thicknesses (SFT) at birth in infants of mothers with GDM controlled with therapeutic interventions (IGDMtr). While treating GDM lowered FM in newborns compared to no treatment, there was no difference in FM and SFT according to the type of treatment (insulin, metformin, gly-buride). IGDMtr had higher overall adiposity (mean difference, 95% confidence interval) measured with FM (68.46 g, 29.91 to 107.01) and %FM (1.98%, 0.54 to 3.42) but similar subcutaneous adiposity measured with SFT, compared to infants exposed to normal glucose tolerance (INGT). This suggests that IGDMtr may be characterised by excess fat accrual in internal adipose tissue. Given that intra-abdominal adiposity is a major risk factor for metabolic disorders, future studies should distinguish adipose tissue distribution of IGDMtr and INGT. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diosgenin alleviates hypercholesterolemia via SRB1/CES-1/CYP7A1/FXR pathway in high-fat diet-fed rats; Phytosterol diosgenin (DG) exhibits cholesterol-lowering properties. Few studies focused on the underlying mechanism of DG attenuation of hypercholesterolemia by promoting cholesterol metabolism. To investigate the roles of SRB1/CES-1/CYP7A1/FXR pathways in accelerating cholesterol elimination and alleviating hypercholesterolemia, a rat model of hypercholesterolemia was induced by providing a high-fat diet (HFD). Experimental rat models were randomly divided into a normal control (Con) group, HFD group, low-dose DG (LDG) group (150 mg/kg/d), high-dose DG (HDG) group (300 mg/kg) and Simvastatin (Sim) group (4 mg/kg/d). Body weights, serum and hepatic lipid parameters of rats were tested. The expression levels of scavenger receptor class B type I (SRB1), carboxylesterase-1 (CES-1), cholesterol7α- hydroxylase (CYP7A1), and farnesoid X receptor (FXR) were determined. The results showed that DG reduced weight and lowered lipid levels in HFD-fed rats. Pathological morphology analyses revealed that DG notably improved hepatic steatosis and intestinal structure. Further studies showed the increased hepatic SRB1, CES-1, CYP7A1 and inhibited FXR-mediated signaling in DG-fed rats, which contributing to the decrease of hepatic cholesterol. DG also increased intestinal SRB1 and CES-1, inhibiting cholesterol absorption and promoting RCT. The expression levels of these receptors in the HDG group were higher than LDG and Sim groups. These data suggested that DG accelerated reverse cholesterol transport (RCT) and enhanced cholesterol elimination via SRB1/CES-1/CYP7A1/FXR pathway, and DG might be a new candidate for the alleviation of hypercholesterolemia. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Sex-dependent effects of preconception exposure to arsenite on gene transcription in parental germ cells and on transcriptomic profiles and diabetic phenotype of offspring; Chronic exposure to inorganic arsenic (iAs) has been linked to diabetic phenotypes in both humans and mice. However, diabetogenic effects of iAs exposure during specific developmental windows have never been systematically studied. We have previously shown that in mice, combined preconception and in utero exposures to iAs resulted in impaired glucose homeostasis in male offspring. The goal of the present study was to determine if preconception exposure alone can contribute to this outcome. We have examined metabolic phenotypes in male and female offspring from dams and sires that were exposed to iAs in drinking water (0 or 200 μg As/L) for 10 weeks prior to mating. The effects of iAs exposure on gene expression profiles in parental germ cells, and pancreatic islets and livers from offspring were assessed using RNA sequencing. We found that iAs exposure significantly altered transcript levels of genes, including diabetes-related genes, in the sperm of sires. Notably, some of the same gene transcripts and the associated pathways were also altered in the liver of the offspring. The exposure had a more subtle effect on gene expression in maternal oocytes and in pancreatic islets of the offspring. In female offspring, the preconception exposure was associated with increased adiposity, but lower blood glucose after fasting and after glucose challenge. HOMA-IR, the indicator of insulin resistance, was also lower. In contrast, the preconception exposure had no effects on blood glucose measures in male offspring. However, males from parents exposed to iAs had higher plasma insulin after glucose challenge and higher insulinogenic index than control offspring, indicating a greater requirement for insulin to maintain glucose homeostasis. Our results suggest that preconception exposure may contribute to the development of diabetic phenotype in male offspring, possibly mediated through germ cell-associated inheritance. Future research can investigate role of epigenetics in this phenomenon. The paradoxical outcomes in female offspring, suggesting a protective effect of the preconception exposure, warrant further investigation. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; The prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) continues to increase rapidly, and NAFLD has become the most common cause of chronic liver disease in children and young people. Closely associated with the rise in obesity, the precise aetiology and pathophysiology of NAFLD are not fully understood. Both genetic and environmental factors contribute to the development of the disease. The diagnosis of NAFLD is one of exclusion and made on histology however such as the potential prevalence of the disease that biopsy is not always practical - thus, there is a need to further develop noninvasive biomarkers to reliably identify and stage the disease. The histological pattern of the disease in children and young people frequently differs from that found in adults. Long-term outcome is not yet certain; however, significant nonalcoholic steatohepatitis may progress to end-stage liver disease and/or hepatocellular carcinoma. Management in children and young people is largely focused on lifestyle change; however, there are emerging pharmacological therapies under investigation. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Environmental Factors Involved in Maternal Morbidity and Mortality; Nongenetic, environmental factors contribute to maternal morbidity and mortality through chemical exposures via air, water, soil, food, and consumer products. Pregnancy represents a particularly sensitive window of susceptibility during which physiological changes to every major organ system increase sensitivity to chemicals that can impact a woman's long-term health. Nonchemical stressors, such as low socioeconomic status, may exacerbate the effects of chemical exposures on maternal health. Racial/ethnic minorities are exposed disproportionately to both chemicals and nonchemical stressors, which likely contribute to the observed health disparities for maternal morbidities and mortality. Epidemiological studies linking exposures to adverse maternal health outcomes underscore the importance of environmental health impacts, and mechanistic studies in model systems reveal how chemicals perturb biological pathways and processes. Environmental stressors are associated with a variety of immediate maternal health impacts, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, fibroids, and infertility, as well as long-term maternal health impacts, such as higher risk of breast cancer and metabolic disorders. Identifying and reducing a pregnant woman's environmental exposures is not only beneficial to her offspring but also important to preserve her short- and long-term health. © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2021.
Metabolic surgery: A clinical update; Metabolic and bariatric surgery has grown beyond ‘experimental’ weight-loss surgery. As techniques have advanced over the last few decades, so has the growing body of research and evidence, proving that both weight-loss and metabolic health improvement are induced. Metabolic surgery has become the more appropriate term for weight-loss surgery because of the altered gastrointestinal anatomy and subsequent beneficial metabolic effects. Although the tool of metabolic surgery has been well refined, a large portion of the global population does not have adequate access to it. This clinical update aims to (a) inform healthcare providers from all disciplines about the myriad of benefits of metabolic surgery and (b) equip them with the necessary knowledge to bridge the gap between patients in need of metabolic treatment and the therapies in metabolic surgery available to them. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Bilirubin as a metabolic hormone: The physiological relevance of low levels; Recent research on bilirubin, a historically well-known waste product of heme catabolism, suggests an entirely new function as a metabolic hormone that drives gene transcription by nuclear receptors. Studies are now revealing that low plasma bilirubin levels, defined as “hypobilirubinemia,” are a possible new pathology analogous to the other end of the spectrum of extreme hyperbilirubinemia seen in patients with jaundice and liver dysfunction. Hypobilirubinemia is most commonly seen in patients with metabolic dysfunction, which may lead to cardiovascular complications and possibly stroke. We address the clinical significance of low bilirubin levels. A better understanding of bilirubin’s hormonal function may explain why hypobilirubinemia might be deleterious. We present mechanisms by which bilirubin may be protective at mildly elevated levels and research directions that could generate treatment possibilities for patients with hypobilirubinemia, such as targeting of pathways that regulate its production or turnover or the newly designed bilirubin nanoparticles. Our review here calls for a shift in the perspective of an old molecule that could benefit millions of patients with hypobilirubinemia. © 2021 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Correlation analysis on trimethylamine n-oxide and its metabolites in early pregnancy with overweight; Objective To explore the differences in the distribution of trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and its metabolites in pregnant women under different weight status in early pregnancy, and analyze the relationship between TMAO and its metabolites and overweight. Methods A pregnancy cohort of 22 302 pregnant women was established in Tianjin from October 1 2010 to August 31 2012, and then gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was selected as the target disease. The nested case-control study included 243 pregnant women who developed GDM between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. At the same time, a 1:1 match was made according to (age ±1) year. The final analysis included 486 subjects. The serum TMAO and its metabolites were determined by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Subjects were divided into overweight group and non-overweight group according to BMI≥24.0 kg/m2 and BMI < 24.0 kg/m2, TMAO and its metabolites were divided into high and low levels by percentile method, and binary logistic regression analysis was performed. Results The level of overweight group trimethylamine (TMA) was significantly higher than that of non-overweight group, the difference was statistically significant (Z=-2.747, P=0.006). Logistic regression analysis showed that when the confounding factors were not adjusted, compared with pregnant women with low TMA, the OR value of overweight at TMA≥264.5 nmol/mL was 1.771 (95% CI: 1.193-2.629, P=0.005); After adjusting for confounding factors, the OR value of overweight at TMA≥264.5 nmol/mL was 1.734 (95% CI: 1.063-2.827, P=0.027). Conclusions The level of TMA in early pregnancy is significantly related to the overweight of pregnant women. By adjusting the level of TMAO and its metabolites, it may provide new ideas for the control and treatment of metabolic syndromes such as obesity and diabetes. © 2021, Publication Centre of Anhui Medical University. All rights reserved.
Does C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) link obesity to a pro-inflammatory state?; The mechanisms of how obesity contributes to the development of cardio-metabolic diseases are not entirely understood. Obesity is frequently associated with adipose tissue dysfunction, characterized by, e.g., adipocyte hypertrophy, ectopic fat accumulation, immune cell infiltration, and the altered secretion of adipokines. Factors secreted from adipose tissue may induce and/or maintain a local and systemic low-grade activation of the innate immune system. Attraction of mac-rophages into adipose tissue and altered crosstalk between macrophages, adipocytes, and other cells of adipose tissue are symptoms of metabolic inflammation. Among several secreted factors attract-ing immune cells to adipose tissue, chemotactic C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) (also de-scribed as monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1)) has been shown to play a crucial role in adipose tissue macrophage infiltration. In this review, we aimed to summarize and discuss the current knowledge on CCL2 with a focus on its role in linking obesity to cardio-metabolic diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Strain-specific effects of bifidobacterium longum on hypercholesterolemic rats and potential mechanisms; Hypercholesterolemia is an independent risk factor of cardiovascular disease, which is among the major causes of death worldwide. The aim of this study was to explore whether Bifidobacterium longum strains exerted intra-species differences in cholesterol-lowering effects in hypercholesterolemic rats and to investigate the potential mechanisms. SD rats underwent gavage with each B. longum strain (CCFM 1077, I3, J3 and B3) daily for 28 days. B. longum CCFM 1077 exerted the most potent cholesterol-lowering effect, followed by B. longum I3 and B3, whereas B. longum B3 had no effect in alleviating hypercholesterolemia. Divergent alleviation of different B. longum strains on hypercholesterolemia can be attributed to the differences in bile salt deconjuga-tion ability and cholesterol assimilation ability in vitro. By 16S rRNA metagenomics analysis, the relative abundance of beneficial genus increased in the B. longum CCFM 1077 treatment group. The expression of key genes involved in cholesterol metabolism were also altered after the B. longum CCFM 1077 treatment. In conclusion, B. longum exhibits strain-specific effects in the alleviation of hypercholesterolemia, mainly due to differences in bacterial characteristics, bile salt deconjugation ability, cholesterol assimilation ability, expressions of key genes involved in cholesterol metabolism and alterations of gut microbiota. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Epigenetic Regulation of Adipogenesis in Development of Metabolic Syndrome; Obesity is one of the biggest public health concerns identified by an increase in adipose tissue mass as a result of adipocyte hypertrophy and hyperplasia. Pertaining to the importance of adipose tissue in various biological processes, any alteration in its function results in impaired metabolic health. In this review, we discuss how adipose tissue maintains the metabolic health through secretion of various adipokines and inflammatory mediators and how its dysfunction leads to the development of severe metabolic disorders and influences cancer progression. Impairment in the adipocyte function occurs due to individuals’ genetics and/or environmental factor(s) that largely affect the epigenetic profile leading to altered gene expression and onset of obesity in adults. Moreover, several crucial aspects of adipose biology, including the regulation of different transcription factors, are controlled by epigenetic events. Therefore, understanding the intricacies of adipogenesis is crucial for recognizing its relevance in underlying disease conditions and identifying the therapeutic interventions for obesity and metabolic syndrome. © Copyright © 2021 Pant, Firmal, Shah, Alam and Chattopadhyay.
Association of Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) and Depressive Disorders; A lot of evidence shows that inflammation is related to the development of depression. However, the heterogeneity of depression hinders efforts to understand, prevent and treat this disease. The purpose of this comprehensive review is to summarize the links between inflammation and the established core features of depression, which show more homogeneity than the syndrome itself: overreaction to negative information, changes in reward processing, and cognitive control decline, and somatic syndrome. For each core feature, we first briefly outline its relevance to depression and neurobiological basis, and then review the evidence to investigate the potential role of inflammation. We mainly focus on the discovery of the experimental paradigm of exogenous inflammation. We concluded that inflammation may play a role in overreaction to negative information, altered reward responses, and physical symptoms. There is less evidence to support the effect of inflammation on cognitive control by standard neuropsychological measures. Finally, we discussed the implications for future research and recommendations on how to test the role of inflammation in the pathogenesis of heterogeneous mental illness. © 2021 Li et al.
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substance Toxicity and Human Health Review: Current State of Knowledge and Strategies for Informing Future Research; Reports of environmental and human health impacts of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) have greatly increased in the peer-reviewed literature. The goals of the present review are to assess the state of the science regarding toxicological effects of PFAS and to develop strategies for advancing knowledge on the health effects of this large family of chemicals. Currently, much of the toxicity data available for PFAS are for a handful of chemicals, primarily legacy PFAS such as perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctane sulfonate. Epidemiological studies have revealed associations between exposure to specific PFAS and a variety of health effects, including altered immune and thyroid function, liver disease, lipid and insulin dysregulation, kidney disease, adverse reproductive and developmental outcomes, and cancer. Concordance with experimental animal data exists for many of these effects. However, information on modes of action and adverse outcome pathways must be expanded, and profound differences in PFAS toxicokinetic properties must be considered in understanding differences in responses between the sexes and among species and life stages. With many health effects noted for a relatively few example compounds and hundreds of other PFAS in commerce lacking toxicity data, more contemporary and high-throughput approaches such as read-across, molecular dynamics, and protein modeling are proposed to accelerate the development of toxicity information on emerging and legacy PFAS, individually and as mixtures. In addition, an appropriate degree of precaution, given what is already known from the PFAS examples noted, may be needed to protect human health. Environ Toxicol Chem 2021;40:606–630. © 2020 SETAC. © 2020 SETAC
The Relationship between Biochemical and Hemoglobin Results and Quality Index Scores of the Mediterranean Diet of Pregnant Women in the First and the Third Trimester; Introduction: The mother’s nutrition and lifestyle during gestation is very essential for her own health as well as the infant’s health. The aim of nutrition during gestation is both to keep the balance of nutrient factor spares in her body through meeting the physiological needs and to provide the necessary energy and nutrient factors for the normal growth of the fetus. Aim: This study was conducted with the purpose of analyzing the relationship between the biochemical and hemoglobin results and the quality index scores of the Mediterranean Diet in pregnant in the first and third trimester as well as comparing the biochemical and hemoglobin results of pregnant in the first and third trimester. Method: Total 30 pregnant participated in the research who were among 20–35 ages and were followed in a private hospital in Nicosia in Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. The demographic characteristics, nutrition habits, behavioral changes for nutrients during gestation were questioned and the anthropometric measurements were done. Also, in the first interview and in the III. trimester pre-prandial blood samples were obtained from the pregnant and analyses were done in a medical laboratory in terms of biochemical (Urea, Alanine amino Tranferase (ALT), Aspartate Amino Transferase (AST), pre-prandial blood glucose (PBG), Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH), Creatinine, Free T4, folic acid, vitamin D (vit.), B12 vit.) and hemoglobin analyses were done. The Mediterranean nutrition habit was evaluated by the Mediterranean Diet Quality Index (MDQI). Results: When the Mediterranean Diet Quality Index scores of pregnant in I. and III. trimester are analyzed, the average of the Mediterranean Diet Quality Index of I. and III. trimester were found as x =7.5±1.88, x =8.73±2.08 respectively, and the minimum score was 3, whereas the maximum obtained score was 12. There has not been a statistically meaningful correlation between the biochemical and hemoglobin findings of the pregnant in the I. trimester and the MDQI scores (p>0.05), whereas there has been a positive way meaningful correlation between the MDQI scores, and the AST values measured in the III. trimester (p<0.05). Also, there has not been a statistically meaningful difference between the vitamin B12, vitamin D, folic acid, free T4, TSH, PBG and urea measured in pregnant in the I. trimester and III. trimester (p>0.05). In addition; there has been statistically meaningful difference between the values of creatinine, hemoglobin, AST and ALT values measured in the I. trimester and III. trimester (p<0.05). Conclusion: In order to have healthy child birth and development, the mothers’ awareness needs to be raised in terms of protecting their health and also eating balanced and sufficiently due to the increase of the need for more nutrients during the gestation period. © Mattioli 1885
Probiotics in the management of diabetes; Diabetes is a chronic disease caused by inherited or acquired deficiency in the production of insulin by the pancreas or the inability of the body to make adequate use of the insulin produced. It is mainly of three types, type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. The increasing prevalence of diabetes is a worldwide phenomenon following the continuous growth in urbanization, changes in diet, and the emergence of more sedentary lifestyles. The management of diabetes is insulin dependent and or changes in with lifestyle include diet and exercise. Till to date, administration of exogenous insulin is the only known treatment for T1D and direct microbiota management can influence the development of both T1D and T2D. Human and animal studies have shown that probiotic bacteria can significantly changes the gut microbiota and reverse the diabetes. In this book chapter, we provided the information on the role of probiotics in the alleviation of T1D and T2D by preclinical and clinical investigation. Besides this, the role of probiotics in gestational diabetes, and new-born birth weight, etc. Moreover, the recent research on Akkermansia muciniphila and conclusion, suggestion for future studies and perspectives were provided. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Deep learning for integrated analysis of insulin resistance with multi-omics data; Technological advances in next-generation sequencing (NGS) have made it possible to uncover extensive and dynamic alterations in diverse molecular components and biological pathways across healthy and diseased conditions. Large amounts of multi-omics data originating from emerging NGS experiments require feature engineering, which is a crucial step in the process of predictive modeling. The underlying relationship among multi-omics features in terms of insulin resistance is not well understood. In this study, using the multi-omics data of type II diabetes from the Integrative Human Microbiome Project, from 10,783 features, we conducted a data analytic approach to elucidate the relationship between insulin resistance and multi-omics features, including microbiome data. To better explain the impact of microbiome features on insulin classification, we used a developed deep neural network interpretation algorithm for each microbiome feature’s contribution to the discriminative model output in the samples. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal obesity in sheep impairs foetal hepatic mitochondrial respiratory chain capacity; Background: Changes in the nutritional environment in utero induced by maternal obesity (MO) lead to foetal metabolic dysfunction predisposing offspring to later-life metabolic diseases. Since mitochondria play a crucial role in hepatic metabolism and function, we hypothesized that MO prior to conception and throughout pregnancy programmes foetal sheep liver mitochondrial phenotype. Material and methods: Ewes ate an obesogenic diet (150% requirements; MO), or 100% requirements (CTR), from 60 days prior to conception. Foetal livers were removed at 0.9 gestation. We measured foetal liver mitochondrial DNA copy number, activity of superoxide dismutase, cathepsins B and D and selected protein content, total phospholipids and cardiolipin and activity of mitochondrial respiratory chain complexes. Results: A significant decrease in activities of mitochondrial complexes I, II-III and IV, but not aconitase, was observed in MO. In the antioxidant machinery, there was a significant increase in activity of total superoxide dismutase (SOD) and SOD2 in MO. However, no differences were found regarding autophagy-related protein content (p62, beclin-I, LC3-I, LC3-II and Lamp2A) and cathepsin B and D activities. A 21.5% decrease in total mitochondrial phospholipid was observed in MO. Conclusions: The data indicate that MO impairs foetal hepatic mitochondrial oxidative capacity and affects total mitochondrial phospholipid content. In addition, MO affects the regulation of foetal liver redox pathways, indicating metabolic adaptations to the higher foetal lipid environment. Consequences of in utero programming of foetal hepatic metabolism may persist and compromise mitochondrial bioenergetics in later life, and increase susceptibility to metabolic diseases. © 2020 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Metabolomics in bio-medical research: Challenges and opportunities; The role of lipopolysaccharides (LPS) released from Gram-negative bacteria in the disease sepsis that is responsible for many deaths worldwide is well-known. The need for the detection of LPS has motivated the development of many biosensors and assay methods beginning with those based on early classical approaches such as the rabbit pyrogen test, the monocyte activation test, and the Limulus-based test methods. Subsequently, modern methods based on binding to proteins, antibodies, or aptamers with various spectroscopic detection schemes were developed. More recently, approaches using nanomaterials including gold nanoparticles, quantum dots, nanotubes, and magnetic particles and new approaches such as surface plasmon resonance, electrochemical detection, and molecular imprinting have been introduced. The process of LPS binding to cells is a complex multi-step process involving a sequence of binding partners including LPS binding protein (LBP), cluster of differentiation 14 (CD14) in both its membranebound and soluble forms, membrane protein MD-2 also known as myeloid differentiation factor 2 or lymphocyte antigen 96, and toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) with the pathways that are activated ultimately leading to expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Whether LPS is present in monomeric or aggregated form also influences these binding events. Assays that aim at unraveling these binding interactions are of great significance and are herein reviewed. There have also been attempts to interfere with these binding interactions through the introduction of synthetic analogs of the lipid A portion of LPS and efforts to use assays to evaluate the effectiveness of such analogs are reviewed. © 2021 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Cucurbitacin b suppresses hyperglycemia associated with a high sugar diet and promotes sleep in drosophila melanogaster; Secondary metabolites enable plants to protect themselves from herbivorous insects. Among these, cucurbitacin B (cuc-B) is a bitter-tasting compound with promising pharmacological potential. Dietary exposure to cuc-B lowered the hemolymph glucose levels of Drosophila melanogaster fed with a high carbohydrate diet, which is homologous to high blood glucose in humans, and its effect was comparable to that of metformin, a well-known glucose-lowering drug. Furthermore, cuc-B reduced tissue sugar levels and glycogen levels, as well as triacylglycerol levels. Our results thus highlight the potential applicability of this compound to treat chronic metabolic diseases such as diabetes and obesity. Additionally, we analyzed sleep quality and taste-associative memory enhancement after cuc-B and metformin treatment. Both supplements increased nighttime bout length and metformin increased memory consolidation. Therefore, discarded shell of Cucurbitaceae could be processed into health supplements. © Korean Society for Molecular and Cellular Biology. All rights reserved.
Application and prospect of artificial intelligence in the field of endocrinology and metabolism; Artificial intelligence (AI) is among the forefront science in recent years. The rapid development of intelligent medicine based on AI, a new concept in the medical field, has resulted in a large impact on traditional medicine. AI poses a great opportunity and also many challenges for clinical physicians. Recently, researches in the development and application of AI are increasingly published in the field of endocrinology, such as the diagnosis and prediction of diabetes and its complications, the optimizing treatment and blood glucose management, the development of artificial pancreas, the diagnosis and treatment of obesity, the prognosis of bariatric surgery, osteoporosis and fracture prediction, bone age analysis, non-invasive assessment of liver steatosis and fibrosis, diagnosis of acromegaly, pathological diagnosis of thyroid and pituitary tumors. Nevertheless, the clinical applications of AI for medicine are still at an initial stage. With the rapid development of AI, we are expecting that it will play a pivotal role in the field of endocrinology and metabolism in the future. This is a new era for medical community to embrace new technology. Only with the properly dealing with the innovation of AI, a win-win result could be achieved. © 2021 Chinese Medical Association
NMR Spectroscopic Windows on the Systemic Effects of SARS-CoV-2 Infection on Plasma Lipoproteins and Metabolites in Relation to Circulating Cytokines; To investigate the systemic metabolic effects of SARS-CoV-2 infection, we analyzed 1H NMR spectroscopic data on human blood plasma and co-modeled with multiple plasma cytokines and chemokines (measured in parallel). Thus, 600 MHz 1H solvent-suppressed single-pulse, spin-echo, and 2D J-resolved spectra were collected on plasma recorded from SARS-CoV-2 rRT-PCR-positive patients (n = 15, with multiple sampling timepoints) and age-matched healthy controls (n = 34, confirmed rRT-PCR negative), together with patients with COVID-19/influenza-like clinical symptoms who tested SARS-CoV-2 negative (n = 35). We compared the single-pulse NMR spectral data with in vitro diagnostic research (IVDr) information on quantitative lipoprotein profiles (112 parameters) extracted from the raw 1D NMR data. All NMR methods gave highly significant discrimination of SARS-CoV-2 positive patients from controls and SARS-CoV-2 negative patients with individual NMR methods, giving different diagnostic information windows on disease-induced phenoconversion. Longitudinal trajectory analysis in selected patients indicated that metabolic recovery was incomplete in individuals without detectable virus in the recovery phase. We observed four plasma cytokine clusters that expressed complex differential statistical relationships with multiple lipoproteins and metabolites. These included the following: cluster 1, comprising MIP-1β, SDF-1α, IL-22, and IL-1α, which correlated with multiple increased LDL and VLDL subfractions; cluster 2, including IL-10 and IL-17A, which was only weakly linked to the lipoprotein profile; cluster 3, which included IL-8 and MCP-1 and were inversely correlated with multiple lipoproteins. IL-18, IL-6, and IFN-γtogether with IP-10 and RANTES exhibited strong positive correlations with LDL1-4 subfractions and negative correlations with multiple HDL subfractions. Collectively, these data show a distinct pattern indicative of a multilevel cellular immune response to SARS CoV-2 infection interacting with the plasma lipoproteome giving a strong and characteristic immunometabolic phenotype of the disease. We observed that some patients in the respiratory recovery phase and testing virus-free were still metabolically highly abnormal, which indicates a new role for these technologies in assessing full systemic recovery.  © 2021 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.
Cytoprotection by melatonin: The metabolic syndrome as an example; As for metabolic syndrome (MS), several risk factors for cardiovascular disease are known, including elevated blood pressure, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia. We hereby discussed the special role that the chronobiotic/cytoprotective properties of melatonin may have in prevention and treatment of MS. Melatonin levels are consistently reduced in MS. The therapeutic potential of melatonin includes improvement of sleep efficiency and antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that derive partly from its role as a metabolic regulator and mitochondrial protector. This article analyzes the actions of melatonin that are relevant to the attenuation of inflammatory responses in MS and how melatonin is effective to curtail MS in animal models of hyperadiposity and ischemic and nonischemic heart failure. The clinical data supporting the therapeutical use of melatonin in human MS are also reviewed. From animal studies the cytoprotective effects of melatonin need high doses to become apparent (i.e., in the 40-100 mg/day range). The off-label use of melatonin is finally discussed. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021. All rights reserved.
Depression with Comorbid Diabetes: What Evidence Exists for Treatments Using Traditional Chinese Medicine and Natural Products?; Comorbidity between diabetes mellitus (DM) and depression, two chronic and devastating diseases spreading worldwide, has been confirmed by a large body of epidemiological and clinical studies. Due to the bidirectional relationship between DM and depression, this comorbidity leads to poorer outcomes in both conditions. Given the adverse effects and limited effectiveness of the existing therapies for depression associated with diabetes, the development of novel therapeutic drugs with more potency and fewer side effects is still the most important goal. Hence, many researchers have made great efforts to investigate the potential usefulness of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) and natural products, including natural extracts and purified compounds, in the treatment of comorbid depression in diabetes. Here, we reviewed the related literature on TCM and natural products that can remedy the comorbidity of diabetes and depression and presented them on the basis of their mechanism of action, focusing on shared risk factors, including insulin resistance, oxidative stress and inflammation, and nervous disturbances. In short, this review suggests that TCM and natural products could expand the therapeutic alternatives to ameliorate the association between DM and depressive disorders. © Copyright © 2021 Lu, An, Tian, Gao, Wang, Wang and Ma.
Meet-in-metabolite analysis: A novel strategy to identify connections between arsenic exposure and male infertility; Background: Despite a trend in the use of systems epidemiology to fill the knowledge gap between risk-factor exposure and adverse outcomes in the OMICS data, such as the metabolome, seriously hindrances need to be overcome for identifying molecular connections. Objectives: Using male infertility phenotypes and arsenic exposure, we aimed to identify intermediate biomarkers that reflect both arsenic exposure and male infertility with a meet-in-metabolite analysis (MIMA). Methods: Urinary arsenic levels and metabolome were measured by using inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) and HPLC-quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (HPLC-QTOF-MS), respectively. To identify arsenic-related metabolic markers (A-MIMA), the intermediate markers were profiled by orthogonal projections to latent structures (OPLS-DA). To detect infertility-related metabolic markers (I-MIMA), the intermediate markers were investigated by weighted gene co-expression network analysis. The key node markers, related to both A-MIMA and I-MIMA, were determined by O2PLS and defined as MIMA markers. Finally, network analysis was used to construct the MIMA-related metabolic network. Results: Twelve markers each were defined through the significant associations with arsenic exposure (A-MIMA) and/or infertility (I-MIMA), respectively. Seven of them, including acetyl-N-formyl-5-methoxykynurenamine, carnitine, estrone, 2-oxo-4-methylthiobutanoic acid, malonic acid, valine, and LysoPC (10:0), were defined through the associations with both arsenic exposure and male infertility (MIMA markers). These intermediate markers were involved majorly in oxidative stress, one-carbon metabolism, steroid hormone homeostasis, and lipid metabolism pathways. The core correlation network analysis further highlighted that testosterone is a vital link between the effect of arsenic and male infertility. Conclusions: From arsenic exposure to male infertility, the arsenic methylation that coupled one-carbon metabolism disruption with oxidation stress may have extended its effect to fatty acid oxidation and steroidogenesis dysfunction. Testosterone is at the hub between arsenic exposure and male infertility modules and, along with the related metabolic pathways, may service as a potential surrogate marker in risk assessment for male dysfunction due to arsenic exposure. © 2020 The Author(s)
Effects of fetuin-A with diverse functions and multiple mechanisms on human health; Fetuin-A (Alfa 2-Heremans-Schmid) is a glycoprotein that is mainly synthesized by hepatocytes and then released into the bloodstream. While fetuin-A, a multifunctional protein, has inhibitory effects on health in the processes of calcification, mineralization, coronary artery calcification (CAC), and kidney stone formation by various mechanisms, it has such stimulatory effects as obesity, diabetes, and tumor progression processes. Fetuin-A produces these effects on the organism mainly by playing a role in the secretion levels of some inflammatory cytokines and exosomes, preventing unwanted calcification, inhibiting the autophosphorylation of tyrosine kinase, suppressing the release of adiponectin and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ), activating the toll-like receptor 4 (TLR-4), triggering the phosphatidylinositol 3 (PI3) kinase/Akt signaling pathway and cell proliferation, and mimicking the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-β) receptor. In the present review, fetuin-A was examined in a wide perspective from the structure and release of fetuin-A to its effects on health. © 2020 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists
Modulatory Effect of Rubus fruticosus L. on Liver Biochemical Metabolism and Inflammatory Cytokines in the Diabetic Rats; Diabetes mellitus is associated with increased oxidative stresses, kidney damage, ocular neuropathy, and atherosclerosis. In the present study, the protective effect of Rubus fruticosus hydroethanolic extract on the biochemical parameters in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats were investigated. In this experimental study, 40 male Wistar rats were divided into five groups (n = 8) as control, diabetic (STZ-injection 55 mg kg−1 of body weight, intraperitoneally (i.p.)), and treatment 1, 2, and 3 which treated by R. fruticosus extract (50, 100 and 200 mg kg−1, i.p.). After 4 weeks, the animals were deeply anesthetized and their blood samples were collected from the heart directly for the measurement of biochemical parameters and inflammatory cytokines. The findings indicate that the serum level of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), ceruloplasmin (Cp), copper (Cu), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, and interleukin (IL)-6 increased significantly after the onset of diabetes (P < 0.001 for all assayed parameters). Treatment by R. fruticosus extract at high dose (200 mg kg−1) reduced the serum levels of ALT, AST, ALP, GGT, Cp, Cu, TNF-α, and IL-6 (P < 0.001, for all parameters) significantly compared to the diabetic group. Overall, the administration of the R. fruticosus extract can ameliorate some of the adverse effects of STZ-induced diabetes among the male rats that received this treatment. © 2020, Shiraz University.
The influence of socioeconomic status on menarcheal age among Chinese school-age girls in Tianjin, China; The association between socioeconomic status and the onset age of menarche is still not conclusive. This cross-sectional study was conducted among primary and middle school girls aged 7 to 16 years old in Tianjin, China, to explore the distribution of menarcheal age and its association with socioeconomic status. A self-designed structured questionnaire was completed by students and their parents to collect information on socioeconomic status (i.e., family income, parental education level, living residence), menarcheal status, and covariates (weight status of girls and their parents, sleeping hours per day, physical activity). Information on menarcheal status included whether or not menarche had occurred (Yes/No) and the exact age at menarche. Linear regression analysis was used to explore the association between socioeconomic status and menarcheal age before and after covariate adjustment. Among 1485 eligible girls with complete information, 445 had experienced menarche, with an overall menarche rate of 30%. The mean age at menarche was 12.9 years (95% confidence interval 12.8–13.0). Urban girls experienced menarche earlier than rural girls did (12.1 years vs. 13.5 years). Univariate analysis showed that urban residence and higher parental education were associated with earlier onset of menarche. After covariate adjustment, the significance still existed. However, after adjusting further for residence, the significant association with the parental education disappeared. Only urban residence was still significantly associated, even after further adjustment for parental education and family income, with adjusted regression coefficients (95% confidence interval) of − 1.087 (− 1.340,-0.834), indicating that the onset age of menarche among urban girls was 1.087 years (0.834, 1.340) younger than that among rural girls. Family income was not related to the onset age of menarche in any analyses. Conclusion: Urban-rural differences played a more important role in the early onset of menarche than socioeconomic differences between families.What is Known:• The age at menarche varies by race and country, but the global trend is towards earlier onset as a result of changes in nutrition, family structure, socioeconomic status, and physical condition.What is New:• Urban girls experienced menarche earlier than rural girls, but this urban-rural difference could not be explained by family income, parental education, weight status of the participants and their parents, participants’ physical exercise and sleeping hours.• Higher parental education was associated with earlier onset of menarche, but this association disappeared after adjustment for living residence. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Upregulated hepatokine fetuin B aggravates myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury through inhibiting insulin signaling in diabetic mice; Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are more susceptible to acute myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (MI/R) injury. However, the mechanism remains largely elusive. Clinical observation showed that high levels of hepatokine fetuin-B (FetB) in plasma are significantly associated with both diabetes and coronary artery diseases. This study was aimed to determine whether FetB mostly derived from liver exacerbates MI/R-induced injury and the underlying mechanisms in T2DM. Mice were given high-fat diet and streptozotocin to induce T2DM model and subjected to 30 min MI followed by reperfusion. Diabetes caused increased hepatic FetB expression and greater myocardial injury as evidenced by increased apoptosis and myocardial enzymes release following MI/R. In T2DM hearts, insulin-induced phosphorylations of insulin receptor substrate 1 at Tyr608 site and Akt at Ser473 site and glucose transporter 4 membrane translocation were markedly reduced. Interaction between FetB and insulin receptor-β subunit (IRβ) was enhanced assessed by immunoprecipitation analysis. More importantly, FetB knockdown via AAV9 alleviated MI/R injury and improved cardiac insulin-induced signaling in T2DM mice. Conversely, upregulation of FetB in normal mice caused exacerbated MI/R injury and impairment of insulin-mediated signaling. In cultured neonatal mouse cardiomyocytes, incubation of FetB significantly reduced tyrosine kinase activity of IR and insulin-induced glucose uptake, and increased hypoxia/reoxygenation-induced apoptosis. Furthermore, FoxO1 knockdown by siRNA suppressed FetB expressions in hepatocytes treated with palmitic acid. In conclusion, upregulated FetB in diabetic liver contributes to increased MI/R injury and cardiac dysfunction via directly interacting with IRβ and consequently impairing cardiac insulin signaling. © 2020
Epigenetic Regulation Associated With Sirtuin 1 in Complications of Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus (DM) has been one of the largest health concerns of the 21st century due to the serious complications associated with the disease. Therefore, it is essential to investigate the pathogenesis of DM and develop novel strategies to reduce the burden of diabetic complications. Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1), a nicotinamide adenosine dinucleotide (NAD+)-dependent deacetylase, has been reported to not only deacetylate histones to modulate chromatin function but also deacetylate numerous transcription factors to regulate the expression of target genes, both positively and negatively. SIRT1 also plays a crucial role in regulating histone and DNA methylation through the recruitment of other nuclear enzymes to the chromatin. Furthermore, SIRT1 has been verified as a direct target of many microRNAs (miRNAs). Recently, numerous studies have explored the key roles of SIRT1 and other related epigenetic mechanisms in diabetic complications. Thus, this review aims to present a summary of the rapidly growing field of epigenetic regulatory mechanisms, as well as the epigenetic influence of SIRT1 on the development and progression of diabetic complications, including cardiomyopathy, nephropathy, and retinopathy. © Copyright © 2021 Wang(a), Wang, Wang(b), Xiao, Guo, Tang, Zhang and Gu.
Which healthy lifestyle habits mitigate the risk of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in Caucasian children exposed to in utero adverse gestational factors?; Background and aims: This study explored if lifestyle habits [physical activity (PA), sleep duration, intake of fruits and vegetables, grains, and dairy products] can moderate the positive associations between prenatal exposure to suboptimal gestational factors (SGF: i.e. gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Methods and results: Data from the “Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth” (QUALITY) study collected between 2005 - 2008 in Montreal and Quebec City, were used. Analyses included a sample of 619 children aged 8–10 years. Children's PA and sleep duration were obtained using an accelerometer and daily servings of food were assessed using three 24 h diet recalls. Moderation analyses were performed to investigate if each lifestyle habit, in all children, and in boys and girls, could reduce the positive associations between SGF, and obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors. High LPA duration was protective against low levels of HDL cholesterol in boys who were exposed to more than one SGF (p = 0.005). Sleep duration did not have a protective effect respectively against high waist circumference and obesity in children and girls who were prenatally exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy. Diet and MVPA did not moderate the positive associations between SGF, obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Conclusion: Among the three lifestyle habits, only LPA had a protective effect against low levels of HDL-cholesterol in boys. More studies are needed to confirm these results to inform future lifestyle intervention in this population. © 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Effect of Quercetin on Lipids Metabolism Through Modulating the Gut Microbial and AMPK/PPAR Signaling Pathway in Broilers; The present study was conducted to investigate effects and mechanism of quercetin on lipids metabolism in broilers. 480 AA broilers were randomly allotted to four treatments (0, 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6 g/kg quercetin) for 42 days. Compared with the control, 0.6 g/kg quercetin significantly decreased percentage of abdominal fat (P < 0.05); 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6 g/kg quercetin significantly decreased relative abundance of Lachnospiraceae and Desulfovibrionaceae (P < 0.05, P < 0.05, P < 0.01; P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01); 0.2 g/kg quercetin significantly increased mRNA expression of PI3K, AMPKα1, AMPKα2, AMPKβ2, LKB1 (P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.05), and significantly reduced mRNA expression of SREBP1 and PPARγ (P < 0.01, P < 0.05); 0.4 g/kg quercetin significantly increased mRNA expression of LKB1 and PKB (P < 0.05, P < 0.01) and significantly reduced mRNA expression of ACC, HMGR, PPARγ, and SREBP1 (P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01); 0.6 g/kg quercetin significantly increased mRNA expression of AMPKγ, LKB1, CPT1, PPARα, PKB (P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.05, P < 0.05), and significantly reduced the mRNA expression of PI3K, ACC, HMGR, PPARγ, SREBP1 (P < 0.05, P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01); 0.2 g/kg quercetin significantly increased protein expression of AMPK (P < 0.01); 0.6 g/kg quercetin significantly increased protein expression of LKB1 (P < 0.01), 0.2 and 0.6 g/kg quercetin significantly increased protein expression of PI3K, PKB, CPT1 (P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01), and significantly reduced protein expression of ACC and SREBP1 (P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01). In conclusion, quercetin improved lipid metabolism by modulating gut microbial and AMPK/PPAR signaling pathway in broilers. © Copyright © 2021 Wang, Wang, Wang, Lu, Wu, Ding, Ying, Mao and Li.
The Predictive Ability of Hepatic Steatosis Index for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Large for Gestational Age Infant Compared with Other Noninvasive Indices Among Chinese Pregnancies: A Preliminary Double-center Cohort Study; Objective: To evaluate the association of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as large for gestational age (LGA) infant in Chinese women. Methods: A total of 1082 pregnant women were included in this study. Maternal basic laboratory data, including ALT, AST, FBG, insulin, TG, and HDL-C, were tested during 6– 12 weeks of gestation and anthropometric characteristics were monitored during gestation. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted at 24–28 weeks of gestation. HSI, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) liver fat score, triglyceride/high-density lipopro-tein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) and triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index were calculated. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval for subsequent risk of GDM and LGA by HSI quartiles were assessed by binary logistic regression model. The predictive ability of HSI for GDM and LGA was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and was compared with other indices. Results: The incidence of GDM and LGA were 22.09% (239/1082) and 10.53% (87/826). HSI was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (median, interquartile range: 30.67, 27.20–35.10 vs 27.98, 25.70–30.82, P<0.001). Incidence of GDM was gradually increased with increasing HSI values. Women in the highest HSI quartile had significantly higher risk of LGA delivery than those in the lowest HSI quartile (P<0.05). The area under the ROC curves of HSI for GDM and LGA were higher than other indices, reaching 0.646 (95%CI: 0.605–0.686) and 0.600 (95% CI: 0.541–0.660), respectively. Conclusion: Higher HSI was independently associated with higher risk of GDM and LGA in Chinese women. HSI in the first trimester can predict the risk of GDM and LGA. © 2021 Song et al.
Jian-Gan-Xiao-Zhi decoction ameliorates high-fat high-carbohydrate diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and insulin resistance by regulating the AMPK/JNK pathway; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) can cause insulin resistance (IR) and diabetes. Our previous studies have demonstrated that Jian-Gan-Xiao-Zhi decoction (JGXZ) could be effective for the treatment of NAFLD and IR. However, the possible mechanism underlying the effects of JGXZ on NAFLD and IR remains unknown. Methods: Fifty rats received a high-fat high-carbohydrate (HFHC) diet for 12 weeks to induce NAFLD. After 4 weeks of HFHC treatment, rats were orally treated with JGXZ (8, 16, and 32 g/kg weight) for 8 weeks. Ten rats in the control group received standard chow. In the positive control group, rats were orally treated with metformin (90 mg/kg weight) for 8 weeks. After JGXZ and metformin treatment, H&E staining was conducted on rat livers and serum biochemical markers, including alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), triglyceride (TG), and total cholesterol (TC), were measured using test kits. Moreover, a fasting blood glucose test and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were conducted. Serum levels of insulin were determined using ELISA kit, and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. The levels of total insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1), AMP-activated protein kinase-α (AMPKα) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) as well as the levels of phosphorylation of IRS1 (p-IRS1), phosphorylation of AMPK (p-AMPK) and phosphorylation of JNK (p-JNK) were measured using western blotting. Results: The body weights in JGXZ low-, middle-, and high-dose groups were lower than those in the model group (P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, respectively). The serum levels of AST (P < 0.05 in JGXZ middle- and high-dose groups), ALT (P < 0.01 in JGXZ middle-dose group and P < 0.05 in JGXZ high-dose group), TG (P < 0.01 in JGXZ middle- and high-dose groups), and TC (P < 0.01) upon JGXZ treatment were lower those than in NAFLD model rats. H&E staining showed that JGXZ treatment reduced steatosis of the hepatocytes in NAFLD model rats. JGXZ decreased the levels of fasting blood glucose (P < 0.01), HOMA-IR (P < 0.01), AUC (area under the curve) of the OGTT (P < 0.05) and p-IRS1 (P < 0.01 in JGXZ middle- and high-dose groups, P < 0.05 in JGXZ low-dose groups). Moreover, JGXZ regulated the hepatic AMPKα/JNK pathway in NAFLD model rats, which reflected the induction of p-AMPKα and inhibition of p-JNK. Conclusion: This study showed that JGXZ improved liver function and reduced steatosis of the hepatocytes in NAFLD model rats. Moreover, JGXZ improved IR in NAFLD model rats. The possible mechanism underlying the effects of JGXZ on NAFLD and IR involves the modulation of the AMPK/JNK pathway. © 2021 By Authors. Published by TMR Publishing Group Limited. This is an open access article under the CC-BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/BY/4.0/).
Are spexin levels associated with metabolic syndrome, dietary intakes and body composition in children?; Aims: The aim of the present study was to investigate whether circulating levels of spexin is related to metabolic syndrome, some dietary intakes (Total energy intake, Macronutrient intakes) and body composition in children. Methods: 90 children were recruited in the present cross sectional study. Anthropometric measures, body composition, blood pressure, dietary intakes, resting metabolic rate, physical activity level, appetite status, pubertal stage, serum spexin, fasting blood glucose, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, insulin and lipid profile were measured using standard techniques. Results: 14 children met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. Median (IQR) of spexin levels were significantly lower in children with high fat mass and children with higher systolic blood pressure (SBP), compared to children with normal fat mass and normal SBP: (P < 0.05). A protective independent effect was detected for the highest tertile of serum spexin on metabolic syndrome in adjusted models; Crude OR (CI): 0.23 (0.04–1.2), P-trend = 0.08; Model 1: OR (CI): 0.15(0.02–1.01), P-trend = 0.05; Model 2: OR (CI): 0.10 (0.01–0.90), P-trend = 0.03. There was a significant negative association between spexin and total dietary fat intake (r= − 0.21; P < 0.04). Conclusion: This findings can further highlight the importance of the relationship between spexin, adipose tissue and adipose tissue metabolism. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Persistent organic pollutants and maternal glycemic outcomes in a diverse pregnancy cohort of overweight women; Background: Animal and human studies suggest certain persistent organic pollutants (POPs) may impact glucose metabolism; however, few epidemiologic studies have examined environmental determinants of glycemic outcomes during pregnancy. Our objective is to evaluate associations between exposures to individual and mixture of POPs and measures of prenatal fasting glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance during pregnancy in overweight women. Methods: A cohort of overweight and obese pregnant women (N = 95) was recruited from California. Blood samples were collected during late first or second trimester (median = 16 weeks’ gestation; range = 10–24 weeks). Exposures included serum concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PBDEs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and poly- and perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs). Outcomes included serum concentrations of fasting plasma glucose, fasting plasma insulin, and calculated homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Generalized linear models were used to evaluate cross-sectional associations between individual and aggregate POPs and mean percent difference in fasting glucose, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR. Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) was used to assess the relative importance of each exposure to the association with our outcomes, using conditional and group posterior inclusion probabilities (PIPs). Results: Study participants were racially/ethnically diverse and nearly half were below the federal poverty level. Across PBDEs and OH-PBDEs, the direction of associations with fasting glucose, fasting insulin and HOMA-IR were varied. A doubling of PCB-138, PCB-153, PCB-180, and ∑PCBs concentrations was associated with a 2.10% mmol/L (95%CI: 0.49%, 3.74%), 2.10% mmol/L (95%CI: −0.14%, 4.39%), 2.10% mmol/L (95%CI: 0.12%, 4.12%), and 2.81% mmol/L (95%CI: 0.38%, 5.31%) increase in fasting glucose, respectively. Exposure to individual PCBs was positively associated with both fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. All PFAS were inversely associated with fasting glucose, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR. In BKMR models of fasting glucose, all four chemical classes were important contributors to the overall mixture, with PFASs identified as the most important contributor. Discussion: Prenatal PCB exposure was positively associated while certain PBDE and PFAS analytes were inversely associated with fasting glucose concentrations in overweight women. Further examination of the relationship between POPs exposure and glycemic functioning in a larger study population of women during pregnancy is warranted. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Association of Hypertriglyceridemic Waist Phenotype with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Cross-Sectional Study; Objective: Hypertriglyceridemic waist (HTGW) phenotype is an independent risk factor for metabolic disorders. Although obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is associated with metabolic disorders, it is unclear whether there is an association between HTGW phenotype and OSA. Methods: We enrolled consecutive participants presenting to a sleep center in Shanghai, China. Full-night polysomnography was performed, and serum triglyceride (TG) levels and waist circumference (WC) were calculated. HTGW phenotype was defined as increased WC (men > 90 cm, women > 80 cm) and elevated TG levels (> 1.7 mmol/L). Participants were classified into four groups: normal TG with normal WC (NTNW); normal TG with increased WC (NTGW); elevated TG with normal WC (HTNW); and elevated TG with enlarged WC, namely HTGW. The relationships between HTGW phenotypes and OSA were assessed using binary (apnea hypopnea index, [AHI]≥5/hr) and multinomial logistic regression analyses (clinical AHI severity categories). Results: We included 3190 participants in this cross-sectional study. Compared to the NTNW phenotype, participants with NTGW and HTGW phenotypes had the significantly higher risk of OSA (AHI ≥5/hr, odds ratio [OR] = 2.51, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.91– 3.31; OR = 3.76, 95% CI = 2.67–5.31, respectively), after adjustment for confounders. In subgroup analyses categorised by age, sex, and BMI, the aforementioned associations remained significant. The association between the NTGW, HTGW phenotype and OSA risk remained significant across the OSA severity groups. Multinomial logistic regression also revealed that the mild (OR = 1.63, 95% CI = 1.07–2.50), moderate (OR = 1.875, 95% CI = 1.22–2.88), and severe OSA (OR = 3.18, 95% CI = 2.14–4.73) were associated with HTGW phenotype. Conclusion: Both NTGW and HTGW phenotype were positively associated with OSA risk in all subgroups. Further longitudinal follow-up studies are needed to determine the causal link and prognostic role of these metabolic factors. © 2021 Gu et al.
A non-targeted LC–MS metabolic profiling of pregnancy: longitudinal evidence from healthy and pre-eclamptic pregnancies; Introduction: Maternal metabolism changes substantially during pregnancy. However, few studies have used metabolomics technologies to characterize changes across gestation. Objectives and methods: We applied liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry (LC–MS) based non-targeted metabolomics to determine whether the metabolic profile of serum differs throughout the pregnancy between pre-eclamptic and healthy women in the FINNPEC (Finnish Genetics of Preeclampsia Consortium) Study. Serum samples were available from early and late pregnancy. Results: Progression of pregnancy had large-scale effects to the serum metabolite profile. Altogether 50 identified metabolites increased and 49 metabolites decreased when samples of early pregnancy were compared to samples of late pregnancy. The metabolic signatures of pregnancy were largely shared in pre-eclamptic and healthy women, only urea, monoacylglyceride 18:1 and glycerophosphocholine were identified to be increased in the pre-eclamptic women when compared to healthy controls. Conclusions: Our study highlights the need of large-scale longitudinal metabolomic studies in non-complicated pregnancies before more detailed understanding of metabolism in adverse outcomes could be provided. Our findings are one of the first steps for a broader metabolic understanding of the physiological changes caused by pregnancy per se. © 2021, The Author(s).
Non-communicable Diseases in Pregnant and Postpartum Women Living with HIV: Implications for Health Throughout the Life Course; Purpose of Review: The development of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in pregnant women living with HIV can be a harbinger of future NCD-related morbidity and mortality. This review focuses on the NCDs that complicate pregnancy and the postpartum period, including hypertensive complications, hyperglycemic disorders, excessive gestational weight gain, and bone mineral density losses. For each disease process, we explore the role of HIV as a possible driver of excess risk, the immediate consequences of these complications on pregnancy outcomes and maternal and infant health, and possible implications for long-term women’s health. Recent Findings: Countries with the highest burden of HIV also shoulder a high burden of NCDs that complicate pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, hyperglycemic disorders, weight gain, and osteopenia. This double burden of disease is a significant public health threat for reproductive-age women, with the potential for serious short- and long-term consequences for both women and their infants. Additionally, as the global first-line antiretroviral therapy regimens increasingly include integrase inhibitors, unhealthy weight gain associated with this drug class poses additional risk for NCD-related pregnancy complications and their persistence postpartum. Summary: Further research is needed to better define prevalence of NCD complications in pregnancy, elucidate HIV-specific and traditional factors associated with poor outcomes, and to develop interventions to reduce risk and avoid downstream complications in those at highest risk. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature.
Associations of urinary dichloroacetic acid and trichloroacetic acid exposure with platelet indices: Exploring the mediating role of blood pressure in the general population; Human exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products (DBPs) is potentially linked to high blood pressure (BP), which may be associated with abnormal platelet activation. This study investigated whether the relationship between DBP exposure with platelet change was mediated by BP. DBP biomarkers, such as urinary dichloroacetic acid (DCAA) and trichloroacetic acid (TCAA), BP and platelet indices from 505 adults from a hospital in Shijiazhuang, China were measured. The cross-sectional associations among DCAA and TCAA exposure, BP and platelet indices were explored through multivariable linear regressions, and the mediation effect of BP was evaluated using the Sobel–Goodman test. We observed that DCAA and TCAA were positively associated with systolic BP (all p for trends < 0.01), which was positively associated with platelet count (PLC) (p for trend < 0.05). Mediation analysis indicated that systolic BP fully mediated the associations of DCAA and TCAA with PLC. When BP was controlled, a previously inverse significant relation between DCAA and platelet distribution width (PDW) remained significant (p < 0.05). Obtained results suggested that exposure to DCAA may contribute to decreased PDW in humans. Systolic BP is a possible mediator of the association between DCAA exposure and PLC. TCAA may indirectly positively affect PLC by increasing systolic BP. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Age-associated changes in cholesterol metabolism cardiovascular risk and exercise effect on lipid profile; Cholesterol is a long chain polycyclic alcohol, usually called a steroid, that plays several structural and metabolic roles vitals to human biology. Body cholesterol is derived from two sources, de novo biosynthesis and diet and its metabolism homeostasis depend on absorption, synthesis and excretion mechanisms. Aging is a physiological process influenced by the interaction of multiple endogenous and exogenous factors and the genetic component characterized by loss of homeostasis that leads to changes in the biochemical composition of tissues, reduced adaptive responsiveness to environmental stimuli and increased susceptibility to disease. Various aspects of cholesterol metabolism, including its synthesis and excretion, are compromised in aging. Several studies indicate that serum cholesterol levels increase in adulthood but tend to decrease in the older adult. A trend of increase plasma cholesterol with aging was observed, namely low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, however in very old age a decrease in total cholesterol was observed that was associated with poor health and multi-morbidity. Appropriate prevention of chronic conditions such as cardiovascular disease and associated risk factors in older patients is becoming increasingly important to enable sustainable health care and maintain quality of life. Age and plasma cholesterol concentration are well-recognized cardiovascular risk factors, together with the wide availability of safe and effective pharmacological cholesterol lowering agents is assumed that the treatment is highly recommended for the older population, providing significant protection in these individuals. However, in this population there are other aspects to consider, such as age-related changes in pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of drugs. Direct experimental evidence is very limited, especially in the older strata of the population. © 2022 selection and editorial matter, Telmo Pereira.
Effects of miR-152-Mediated Targeting of SOCS3 on Hepatic Insulin Resistance in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Mice; Background: The present study explored the effects of miR-152-mediated targeting of suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3) on hepatic insulin resistance (HIR) in mice with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Healthy SPF C57BL/6J mice were selected to establish a GDM model. Methods: Mice were divided into seven groups as follows: Normal group, Model group, NC-mimic group, miR-152 mimic group, NC-pcDNA3.0 group, pcDNA3.0-SOCS group, and miR-152 mimic + pcDNA3.0-SOCS3 group. The relationship between miR-152 and SOCS3 expression was analyzed by a dual-luciferase reporter system. Islet cell morphology and expression of miR-152 and SOCS3 mRNA and protein in the islet tissue were detected by hematoxylin and eosin (HE) staining, reverse-transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR), and western blot analysis. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) level was measured by a glucose meter while triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and insulin levels were determined by an automatic biochemical analyzer. Insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) was calculated by the formula FBG × FINS/22.5. Results: The results showed that the levels of miR-152, SOCS3, FBG, fasting insulin (FINS), TG, and TC increased, and HDL-C content decreased in other groups as compared with those in the Normal group (all p < 0.05). Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), FBG, FINS, TG, TC, and HDL-C values showed an opposite trend in miR-152 mimic and pcDNA3.0-SOCS3 groups as compared with the Model group (all p < 0.05). Conclusions: miR-152 can inhibit HIR in GDM mice by downregulating the expression of SOCS3. © 2020 Southern Society for Clinical Investigation
β-Cell Dysfunction, Hepatic Lipid Metabolism, and Cardiovascular Health in Type 2 Diabetes: New Directions of Research and Novel Therapeutic Strategies; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major problem for people with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and dyslipidemia is one of the main drivers for both metabolic diseases. In this review, the major pathophysiological and molecular mechanisms of β-cell dysfunction and recovery in T2DM are discussed in the context of abnormal hepatic lipid metabolism and cardiovascular health. (i) In normal health, continuous exposure of the pancreas to nutrient stimulus increases the demand on β-cells. In the long term, this will not only stress β-cells and decrease their insulin se-cretory capacity, but also will blunt the cellular response to insulin. (ii) At the pre-diabetes stage, β-cells compensate for insulin resistance through hypersecretion of insulin. This increases the metabolic burden on the stressed β-cells and changes hepatic lipoprotein metabolism and adipose tissue function. (iii) If this lipotoxic hyperinsulinemic environment is not removed, β-cells start to lose function, and CVD risk rises due to lower lipoprotein clearance. (iv) Once developed, T2DM can be reversed by weight loss, a process described recently as remission. However, the precise mecha-nism(s) by which calorie restriction causes normalization of lipoprotein metabolism and restores β-cell function are not fully established. Understanding the pathophysiological and molecular basis of β-cell failure and recovery during remission is critical to reduce β-cell burden and loss of function. The aim of this review is to highlight the link between lipoprotein export and lipid-driven β-cell dysfunction in T2DM and how this is related to cardiovascular health. A second aim is to under-stand the mechanisms of β-cell recovery after weight loss, and to explore new areas of research for developing more targeted future therapies to prevent T2DM and the associated CVD events. © by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich diets and risk of non-communicable diseases; Epidemiological studies indicate that the fatty acid composition of diets may be important in the pathogenesis of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). In previous studies, a high ratio of omega-6 fatty acids to omega-3 fatty acids in diets and tissues has been reported as a risk factor for NCDs, that is, coronary artery disease, hypertension, atherosclerosis, stroke, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cancer, and other chronic diseases The Western-type diet is generally proatherogenic, characterized by energy-dense, refined, ready-prepared foods with a high glycemic index and unhealthy lipids and poor in omega-3 fatty acids, phytochemicals, and fiber. A lower intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids in conjunction with a deficiency of flavonoids and polyphenolics, as found in today’s Western diets, may promote the risk of NCDs. These diets are rich in total fat, trans fat, and refined carbohydrates, and the omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio varies from 20 to 50 in various countries. Recently, increased intake of the omega-6 fatty acids linoleic acid and arachidonic acid have been found to protect against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and all-cause mortality. Increased intake of such diets is associated with the antiinflammatory state in the human body, with a decline in oxidative stress resulting in a significant reduction in CVDs and other chronic diseases. Both omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids influence gene expression and possess antiinflammatory effects, which may increase in the presence of flavonoids in the diets. Increased dietary intake of omega-6 fatty acid significantly reduces the apparent atherogenic effect of genotype, whereas increased dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have similar effects. Recent studies indicate that both dietary omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids, including marine omega-3 fatty acids, EPA, and DHA inhibit leukotriene-, thromboxane-, and prostaglandin-mediated tissue inflammation, thereby leading to a decreased risk of NCDs. It is possible that proinflammatory Western diets and inflammation in the tissue are the main issues for development of NCDs. New approaches include Mediterranean-type diets rich in fruits, vegetables, nuts, and fish with low consumption of red meat and poultry, along with high concentrations of linoleic acid- and alpha-linolenic acid-rich foods, such as rape seed oil, mustard oil, canola oil, and olive oil, which may modulate inflammation and may be protective against NCDs. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal low-grade chronic inflammation and intrauterine programming of health and disease; Overweight and obesity during pregnancy have been associated with increased birth weight, childhood obesity, and noncommunicable diseases in the offspring, leading to a vicious transgenerational perpetuating of metabolic derangements. Key components in intrauterine developmental programming still remain to be identified. Obesity involves chronic low-grade systemic inflammation that, in addition to physiological adaptations to pregnancy, may potentially expand to the placental interface and lead to intrauterine derangements with a threshold effect. Animal models, where maternal inflammation is mimicked by single injections with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) resembling the obesity-induced immune profile, showed increased adiposity and impaired metabolic homeostasis in the offspring, similar to the phenotype observed after exposure to maternal obesity. Cytokine levels might be specifically important for the metabolic imprinting, as cytokines are transferable from maternal to fetal circulation and have the capability to modulate placental nutrient transfer. Maternal inflammation may induce metabolic reprogramming at several levels, starting from the periconceptional period with effects on the oocyte going through early stages of embry-onic and placental development. Given the potential to reduce inflammation through inexpensive, widely available therapies, examinations of the impact of chronic inflammation on reproductive and pregnancy outcomes, as well as preventive interventions, are now needed. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mediators of metabolism: An unconventional role for NOD1 and NOD2; In addition to their classical roles as bacterial sensors, NOD1 and NOD2 have been implicated as mediators of metabolic disease. Increased expression of NOD1 and/or NOD2 has been reported in a range of human metabolic diseases, including obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and metabolic syndrome. Although NOD1 and NOD2 share intracellular signaling pathway components, they are differentially upregulated on a cellular level and have opposing impacts on metabolic disease development in mouse models. These NOD-like receptors may directly mediate signaling downstream of cell stressors, such as endoplasmic reticulum stress and calcium influx, or in response to metabolic signals, such as fatty acids and glucose. Other studies suggest that stimulation of NOD1 or NOD2 by their bacterial ligands can result in inflammation, altered insulin responses, increased reactive oxygen signaling, and mitochondrial dysfunction. The activating stimuli for NOD1 and NOD2 in the context of metabolic disease are controversial and may be a combination of both metabolic and circulating bacterial ligands. In this review, we will summarize the current knowledge of how NOD1 and NOD2 may mediate metabolism in health and disease, as well as highlight areas of future investigation. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in metabolic disorders; Mitochondrial dysfunction initiates a cascade of events that ultimately leads to metabolic syndromes (Met S), obesity, Type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic liver cirrhosis. The cumulative impact of dysfunctions, for instance, oxidative phosphorylation (OXPHOS) and generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) enhance the progression of Alzheimer’s disease (AD), Parkinson’s disease (PD), and other neurodegenerative diseases (NDDs). However, mitochondrial dysfunction due to electron transport chain (ETC) disruption and impaired adenosine triphosphate (ATP) production has been linked to insulin resistance (IR) through deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) damage, oxidative stress, and PI3K-Akt-GSKβ pathway. Thus, therapies targeting mitochondrial dysfunction, including biomolecules and drug administration, central nervous system (CNS)-based therapies, and heat shock proteins (HSP)-mediated rescue have been considered to combat mitochondrial dysfunction-induced ailments. Herein, we discuss clearance pathways, IR, DNA damage response, and signaling pathways associated with metabolic disease and NDDs. We further discussed CNS associated transcription factor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) in the regulation of mitochondrial dysfunction followed by therapeutics. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Potential role of insulin growth-factor-binding protein 2 as therapeutic target for obesity-related insulin resistance; Evidence from observational and in vitro studies suggests that insulin growth-factorbinding protein type 2 (IGFBP2) is a promising protein in non-communicable diseases, such as obesity, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, or type 2 diabetes. Accordingly, great efforts have been carried out to explore the role of IGFBP2 in obesity state and insulin-related diseases, which it is typically found decreased. However, the physiological pathways have not been explored yet, and the relevance of IGFBP2 as an important pathway integrator of metabolic disorders is still unknown. Here, we review and discuss the molecular structure of IGFBP2 as the first element of regulating the expression of IGFBP2. We highlight an update of the association between low serum IGFBP2 and an increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and low insulin sensitivity. We hypothesize mechanisms of IGFBP2 on the development of obesity and insulin resistance in an insulin-independent manner, which meant that could be evaluated as a therapeutic target. Finally, we cover the most interesting lifestyle modifications that regulate IGFBP2, since lifestyle factors (diet and/or physical activity) are associated with important variations in serum IGFBP2. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mediterranean-type dietary pattern and physical activity: The winning combination to counteract the rising burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDS); Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) (mainly cardiovascular diseases, cancers, chronic respiratory diseases and type 2 diabetes) are the main causes of death worldwide. Their burden is expected to rise in the future, especially in less developed economies and among the poor spread across middle-and high-income countries. Indeed, the treatment and prevention of these patholo-gies constitute a crucial challenge for public health. The major non-communicable diseases share four modifiable behavioral risk factors: unhealthy diet, physical inactivity, tobacco usage and excess of alcohol consumption. Therefore, the adoption of healthy lifestyles, which include not excessive alcohol intake, no smoking, a healthy diet and regular physical activity, represents a crucial and economical strategy to counteract the global NCDs burden. This review summarizes the latest evidence demonstrating that Mediterranean-type dietary pattern and physical activity are, alone and in combination, key interventions to both prevent and control the rise of NCDs. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal Obesity: A Focus on Maternal Interventions to Improve Health of Offspring; Maternal obesity has many implications for offspring health that persist throughout their lifespan that include obesity and cardiovascular complications. Several different factors contribute to obesity and they encompass interplay between genetics and environment. In the prenatal period, untreated obesity establishes a foundation for a myriad of symptoms and negative delivery experiences, including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and labor complications. However, data across human and animal studies show promise that nutritional interventions and physical activity may rescue much of the adverse effects of obesity on offspring metabolic health. Further, these maternal interventions improve the health of the offspring by reducing weight gain, cardiovascular disorders, and improving glucose tolerance. Mechanisms from animal studies have also been proposed to elucidate the signaling pathways that regulate inflammation, lipid metabolism, and oxidative capacity of the tissue, ultimately providing potential specific courses of treatment. This review aims to pinpoint the risks of maternal obesity and provide plausible intervention strategies. We delve into recent research involving both animal and human studies with maternal interventions. With the increasing concerning of obesity rates witnessed in the United States, it is imperative to acknowledge the long-term effects posed on future generations and specifically modify maternal nutrition and care to mitigate these adverse outcomes. Copyright © 2021 Shrestha, Prowak, Berlandi-Short, Garay and Ramalingam.
Associations of TG/HDL Ratio with the Risk of Prediabetes and Diabetes in Chinese Adults: A Chinese Population Cohort Study Based on Open Data; Background. In the global chronic diseases, type 2 diabetes shows a significant upward trend, and there are more people before prediabetes (impaired glucose tolerance). Many patients with impaired glucose tolerance and undiagnosed diabetes do not know that their glucose metabolism system has been in a state of disorder. Every year, about 5% to 10% of prediabetics develop diabetes. One of the important achieving factors may be the increase in blood lipids. However, it is not clear whether the triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein ratio is associated with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes in the Chinese population. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein and impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes in the Chinese population. Methods. We conducted a retrospective cohort study using data from the health screening program. The study included 116,855 participants from 32 locations in China, all of whom were adults over 20. Participants measured fasting blood glucose levels at each visit and collected information about their diabetes history. Impaired glucose tolerance was diagnosed as fasting blood glucose ≥6.00 mmol and self-reported diabetes mellitus. The patient was measured on the date of diagnosis or on his last visit (whichever comes first). Results. The results showed that, after adjusting the potential confounding factors, the ratio of TG/HDL was positively correlated with the occurrence of prediabetes and diabetes, and there was a saturation effect. The inflection points were 1.04 and 1.33, respectively. The effect value and 95% confidence interval before and after the inflection point of impaired glucose tolerance patients were 1.57 and (1.42, 1.73) and 1.03 and (1.01, 1.05), respectively. The effect value and 95% confidence interval before and after the inflection point in patients with diabetes were 2.07 and (1.80, 2.39) and 1.08 and (1.04, 1.12).  © 2021 Rongpeng Gong et al.
Developmental role of adenosine kinase in the cerebellum; Adenosine acts as a neuromodulator and metabolic regulator of the brain through receptor dependent and independent mechanisms. In the brain, adenosine is tightly controlled through its metabolic enzyme adenosine kinase (ADK), which exists in a cytoplasmic (ADK-S) and nuclear (ADK-L) isoform. We recently discovered that ADK-L contributes to adult hippocampal neurogenesis regulation. Although the cerebellum (CB) is a highly plastic brain area with a delayed developmental trajectory, little is known about the role of ADK. Here, we investigated the developmental profile of ADK expression in C57BL/6 mice CB and assessed its role in developmental and proliferative processes. We found high levels of ADK-L during cerebellar development, which was maintained into adulthood. This pattern contrasts with that of the cerebrum, in which ADK-L expression is gradually downregulated postnatally and largely restricted to astrocytes in adulthood. Supporting a functional role in cell proliferation, we found that the ADK inhibitor 5-iodotubericine (5-ITU) reduced DNA synthesis of granular neuron precursors in a concentration-dependent manner in vitro. In the developing CB, immunohistochemical studies indicated ADK-L is expressed in immature Purkinje cells and granular neuron precursors, whereas in adulthood, ADK is absent from Purkinje cells, but widely expressed in mature granule neurons and their molecular layer (ML) processes. Furthermore, ADK-L is expressed in developing and mature Bergmann glia in the Purkinje cell layer, and in astrocytes in major cerebellar cortical layers. Together, our data demonstrate an association between neuronal ADK expression and developmental processes of the CB, which supports a functional role of ADK-L in the plasticity of the CB. © 2021 Gebril et al.
Clinical Uses and Survival Study of Free and Encapsulated Probiotic Bacteria in Fruit Juices: A Review; Background and Objective: Probiotics are dietary supplements with potential health benefits for humans when consumed regularly at appropriate quantities. The latest evidence shows possible beneficial effects of probiotics in COVID-19 treatment. Interests in probiotic consumption have led to provide products such as probiotic juices with vitamins, minerals, prebiotics and appropriate levels of probiotics to the market in free and encapsulated forms, which are not fully addressed in scientific literatures. The objective of this review was to investigate effects of probiotics for the management of human health. Other objectives included study on effects of free and encapsulated forms of probiotics when incorporated in fruit juices on their survivability, storage stability and physiological and functional characteristics in host cells under gastric and intestinal conditions. Results and Conclusion: Studies have shown that lactobacilli strains are verified strains for producing probiotic supplements, including juices. Various methods have been suggested to improve survivability of probiotics. Encapsulation can protect probiotics against physical characteristics of juices and hence bacterial physiological damages under anaerobic conditions. Several methods have been used to encapsulate probiotics, each of them has shown distinct characteristics. However, further studies on the quality control of probiotic juices are necessary. Conflict of interest: The authors declare no conflict of interest. © 2021, Applied Food Biotechnology. All Rights Reserved.
Epidemiology of diabetes among South Asians in the United States: lessons from the MASALA study; South Asian individuals in the United States are at an increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, the mechanisms behind this are not well understood. The Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) study is the only longitudinal cohort of South Asians in the United States and provides key insights as to the epidemiology of T2DM in South Asians. Evidence from the MASALA study suggests that South Asians experience a disproportionately high burden of prevalent and incident T2DM compared with members of other race/ethnic groups. Higher insulin resistance in South Asians, even with low body mass index (BMI), more impairment in insulin secretion, and greater deposition of ectopic fat likely play a role in T2DM etiology. Furthermore, South Asian migrants to the United States experience a range of factors related to acculturation, social networks, and religious beliefs, which may impact physical activity and dietary practices. Interventions to prevent T2DM in South Asians should include a focus on cultural factors related to health and should consider the complete mechanistic pathway and the relative contributions of insulin resistance, β cell dysfunction, and ectopic fat deposition on T2DM development in South Asians, particularly in those with lower BMI. © 2020 New York Academy of Sciences.
ROLE OF INOSITOL AND ITS ISOMERS IN GLUCOSE METABOLISM Literature review; Despite the chemical similarities between myo-inositol and D-chiro-inositol and their synergistic effects on insulin sensitivity, they serve different functions. Insulin resistance is one of the etiological factors in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, infertility, menstrual irregularities and ovulation disorders, pregnancy complications, in particular, gestational diabetes. Myo-inositol plays an important role in the insulin transfer and hormone synthesis in the ovaries, in oocyte maturation, fertilization, implantation and post-implantation development. Many studies confirm the positive effect of inositol isomers on metabolic, hormonal and reproductive disorders, both in the form of monotherapy and in combination with other drugs to enhance the therapeutic effect and bioavailability. Myo-inositol has a favorable safety profile. Studies have shown that in patients with PCOS myo-inositol improves ovarian function and fertility, reduces the manifestations of hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance and normalizes weight. Myo-inositol and D-chiro-inositol have different mechanisms of action on insulin sensitivity and have different functions. The balance of the two isomers ensures the normal secretion of hormones and ovarian functioning, but it is currently unknown what the optimal ratio of these two isomers due to the small number of high quality studies and the difficulty of studying their isolated action. There are currently different combinations of myo- and D-chiro-inisotol, but they also have not been supported by enough high quality studies. When prescribing various isomers of inositol, it should be remembered that doses above 4000 mg are the most studied in patients with PCOS, but D-chiro-inositol concentration above 1200 mg/day has undesirable effects. Most studies indicate that D-chiro-inositol value is increased in PCOS, therefore oocytes are more sensitive to its overdose, and combination drugs require more study. Currently, there is no consensus in the literature on the advantage of combined supplements of myo- and D-chiro-inositol compared to monotherapy with myo-inositol. Today, myo-inositol monotherapy is more researched and safer. © 2021 Trylyst. All rights reserved.
Sirtuins in metabolic disease: Innovative therapeutic strategies with SIRT1, AMPK, mTOR, and nicotinamide; Metabolic disorders including diabetes mellitus (DM) are considered a significant component of the increasing prevalence of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) occurring throughout the world. It is predicted that the number of individuals with DM is expected to rise to 700 million individuals by the year 2045. Furthermore, the care for disorders such as DM can consume more than 17% of the Gross Domestic Product in nations such as the United States. Given that present therapies for metabolic disorders may offer some clinical benefit and gradually slow disease progression, metabolic diseases can affect multiple organs of the body and ultimately lead to disability and death. Given these challenges, the silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog 1 (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) (SIRT1) and its associated pathways with AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), and the vitamin nicotinamide offer exciting prospects for the development of innovative therapeutic strategies that are highly warranted. SIRT1 is intimately tied to AMPK, mTOR, and nicotinamide during metabolic disease to limit oxidative stress, increase life span, improve insulin sensitivity, maintain mitochondrial function, oversee nutritional intake, regulate β-cell function, and limit the development of obesity. Yet these pathways hold a complex relationship that also involves the regulation of autophagy, apoptosis, and growth factors, such as erythropoietin (EPO), that requires a fine balance to maintain glucose homeostasis and limit potential cellular toxicity. Future studies for SIRT1 and its association with AMPK, mTOR, and nicotinamide are critical to gain further insight for novel treatment strategies for metabolic diseases that limit potential unwarranted clinical outcomes. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Oral limonite supplement ameliorates glucose intolerance in diabetic and obese mice; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus is a serious threat to public health worldwide. It causes a substantial economic burden, mental and physical disabilities, poor quality of life, and high mortality. Limonite is formed when iron-rich materials from the underground emerge and oxidized on the ground surface. It is currently used to purify contaminated water, absorption of irritant gases, and improve livestock breeding. Limonite can change the composition of environmental microbial communities. In the present study, we evaluated whether limonite can ameliorate glucose metabolism abnormalities by remodeling the gut microbiome. Methods: The investigation was performed using mouse models of streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus and high-calorie diet-induced metabolic syndrome. Results: Oral limonite supplement was associated with significant body weight recovery, reduced glycemia with improved insulin secretion, increased number of regulatory T cells, and abundant beneficial gut microbial populations in mice with diabetes mellitus compared to control. Similarly, mice with obesity fed with limonite supplements had significantly reduced body weight, insulin resistance, steatohepatitis, and systemic inflammatory response with significant gut microbiome remodeling. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that limonite supplement ameliorates abnormal glucose metabolism in diabetes mellitus and obesity. Gut microbiome remodeling, inhibition of inflammatory cytokines, and the host immune response regulation may explain the limonite’s beneficial activity under pathological conditions in vivo. © 2021 Uchida et al.
Antioxidative Potentials of Incretin-Based Medications: A Review of Molecular Mechanisms; Glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and dipeptidyl-peptidase 4 inhibitors are medications used for managing diabetes, mimicking the metabolic effects of incretin hormones. Recent evidence suggests that these medications have antioxidative potentials in the diabetic milieu. The pathophysiology of most diabetic complications involves oxidative stress. Therefore, if incretin-based antidiabetic medications can alleviate the free radicals involved in oxidative stress, they can potentially provide further therapeutic effects against diabetic complications. However, the molecular mechanisms by which these medications protect against oxidative stress are not fully understood. In the current review, we discuss the potential molecular mechanisms behind these pharmacologic agents' antioxidative properties.  © 2021 Habib Yaribeygi et al.
Personalized approach for type 2 diabetes pharmacotherapy: where are we and where do we need to be?; Introduction: Cluster analysis has identified distinct groups of type 2 diabetes (T2D) subjects with distinct metabolic characteristics. Thus, personalizing pharmacologic therapy to individual phenotypic and pathophysiologic characteristics has potential to improve metabolic control and reduce risk of microvascular and macrovascular complications. Areas covered: The authors review the classification of T2D, genetic markers, pathophysiology and natural history of T2D, the ABCDE approach to therapy, the ADA/EASD stepwise approach to therapy, available antidiabetic agents, and provide a more rational therapeutic approach based upon pathophysiology and cardiovascular and renal outcome trials. Expert opinion: Although insulin resistance is the earliest detectable abnormality, overt T2D does not occur in the absence of progressive beta cell failure. Because of the complex etiology of T2D (Ominous Octet), initiation of therapy with combined agents that (i) target both insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction and (ii) prevent macrovascular, as well as microvascular, complications will be required. The ratio of C-peptide at 120 minutes (OGTT) to baseline C-peptide predicts with high sensitivity who will respond to metformin, the response to glucose-lowering agents and provides a useful tool to guide optimal glucose lowering therapy. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Algae as a source of bioactive compounds to prevent the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a complicated metabolic disorder characterized by hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance. It is considered a new pandemic and its control involves numerous challenges. Although many of the measures are based on improving life habits, diet is also of vital importance due to bioactive compounds present in food. In this regard, several raw materials have been investigated whose bioactivities seem to slow the progression of this disease. Within these matrices, there are algae of importance, such as brown algae, showing to have beneficial effects on glycemic control. These pieces of evidence are increasing every day due to the development of cell or animal models, which lead to the conclusion that bioactive compounds may have direct effects on decreasing hyperglycemia, enhancing insulin secretion and preventing the formation of amyloid plaques. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Maternal plasma betaine in middle pregnancy was associated with decreased risk of GDM in twin pregnancy: A cohort study; Purpose: Although previous studies have shown that choline-related metabolites in one carbon metabolism (OCM) were related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk in singleton pregnancy, their role in twin gestations remains unclear. We aimed to investigate the associations between choline, betaine, methionine, dimethylglycine (DMG), trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and GDM risk among women with twin gestations. Patients and Methods: This hospital-based cohort study included 187 women with dichorionic twin gestations. Blood samples were collected during pregnancy at a median of 16.1 weeks of gestation (IQR: 13.9 -17.9). Concentrations of plasma metabolites were measured by HPLC-triple quadrupole MS. Log-binomial regression models were applied to estimate the associations between plasma metabolites and the risk of GDM. Results: A total of 57 (30.5%) GDM cases were diagnosed over the study follow-up. Eighty- seven percent of women conceived through ART. Plasma betaine had an inverse association with GDM risk, and the adjusted RR of GDM comparing the highest tertile with the lowest tertile was 0.41 (95% CI: 0.19-0.86, Ptrend=0.015). Women with a high betaine/choline ratio or a low DMG/betaine ratio were at decreased GDM risk (Ptrend=0.031 or 0.001, respectively). Plasma choline, methionine, DMG and TMAO were not associated with GDM risk. Conclusion: Among women with dichorionic twin gestations, higher plasma level of betaine in the second trimester was associated with lower risk of GDM. This finding needs further confirmation. © 2021 Gong et al.
The effect of genistein on insulin resistance, inflammatory factors, lipid profile, and histopathologic indices in rats with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterized by hyperandrogenism, irregular menstruation, ovulatory dysfunction, and insulin resistance. Recent studies have reported the possible role of phytoestrogens in PCOS. This animal study aimed to evaluate the effects of genistein on insulin resistance, inflammatory factors, lipid profile, and histopathologic indices on PCOS. Methods: PCOS was induced by 1 mg/kg of letrozole in adult Sprague-Dawley rats. The rats then received normal saline (PCOS group), 150 mg/kg of metformin, or 20 mg/kg of genistein dissolved in 1% methylcellulose solution for 42 days. Body weight, the glycemic and lipid profile, and inflammatory, antioxidative, and histopathological parameters were assessed at the end of the intervention. Results: Treatment with genistein significantly alleviated the increased level of fasting blood insulin (p=0.16) and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (p=0.012). In addition, the genistein group had significantly lower levels of serum malondialdehyde (p=0.039) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (p=0.003), and higher superoxide dismutase enzyme activity (p<0.001). Furthermore, the histopathological analysis indicated that genistein administration led to an increase in luteinization and the development of fewer cysts (p<0.05). Conclusion: Biochemical and histopathological analyses indicated that genistein administration to rats with PCOS induced significant remission in oxidative, inflammatory, and glycemic and histopathologic parameters. © 2021 THE KOREAN SOCIETY FOR REPRODUCTIVE MEDICINE. All Rights Reserved.
Pecularirties of innate immunity receptors expression by lymphocytes of mesenteric lymph nodes in offspring of experimental gestational diabetes rat; The purpose of the research was to find out the distribution of TLR2+-, TLR4+-, NOD2+-and RIGI+-lymphocytes in mesenteric lymph nodes in the offspring of experimental gestational diabetes (EGD) rats, in the offspring of rats with EGD whose mothers received glibenclamide and the descendants of rats from EGD who received oral insulin for 14 days after birth. Materials and methods. For the identification of PRR+-lymphocytes was used an indirect immunofluorescence method using monoclonal or polyclonal antibodies. Results. Experimental gestational diabetes leads to an increase in the number of TLR2+, TLR4+, NOD2+ and RIGI+ lymphocytes in MLN in the offspring and changes the density of PRRs on immune cells. Changes are more pronouncedly in age 1 month of life. In conditions of formation of oral tolerance to insulin, the number of cortex TLR2+ and TLR4+ lymphocytes in 1-month offspring decreases. The amount of TLR2+ and RIG-I+ cells in medullary cords of these rats decreases too. The dynamics in the number of immunoreactive cells to PRRs in the cortex of the MLN remains up to 6 months of age. Administration of glibenclamide to pregnant females reduces the number of TLR4+ and RIG-I+ lymphocytes in the MLN of 1-month offspring, but only TLR2+ cells in 6-month-old rats. It does not affect their number in medullary cords and decrease preferentially the PRRs density on immunopositive MLN lymphocytes in early terms of observation. Conclusions. The introduction of insulin to offspring and glibenclamide to pregnant females reduces the level of activation of the innate immunity receptors in the MLN in offspring. © 2021, SILAE (Italo-Latin American Society of Ethnomedicine). All rights reserved.
Diabetes and its complications: Therapies available, anticipated and aspired; Worldwide, diabetes ranks among the ten leading causes of mortality. Prevalence of diabetes is growing rapidly in low and middle income countries. It is a progressive disease leading to serious co-morbidities, which results in increased cost of treatment and over-all health system of the country. Pathophysiological alterations in type 2 diabetes (T2D) progressed from a simple disturbance in the functioning of the pancreas to triumvirate to ominous octet to egregious eleven to dirty dozen model. Due to complex interplay of multiple hormones in T2D, there may be multifaceted approach in its management. The ‘long-term secondary complications’ in uncontrolled diabetes may affect almost every organ of the body, and finally may lead to multi-organ dysfunction. Available therapies are inconsistent in maintaining long term glycemic control and their long term use may be associated with adverse effects. There is need for newer drugs, not only for glycemic control but also for prevention or mitigation of secondary microvascular and macrovascular complications. Increased knowledge of the pathophysiology of diabetes has contributed to the development of novel treatments. Several new agents like Glucagon Like Peptide - 1 (GLP-1) agonists, Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV (DPP-4) inhibitors, amylin analogues, Sodium-Glucose transport -2 (SGLT- 2) inhibitors and dual Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonists are available or will be available soon, thus extending the range of therapy for T2D, thereby preventing its long term complications. The article discusses the pathophysiology of diabetes along with its comorbidities, with a focus on existing and novel upcoming antidiabetic drugs which are under investigation. It also dives deep to deliberate upon the novel therapies that are in various stages of development. Adding new options with new mechanisms of action to the treatment armamentarium of diabetes may eventually help improve outcomes and reduce its economic burden. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Correlation and Diagnostic Value of Serum RBP4 and sRAGE and the Condition of Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a progressive damage of renal structure and function caused by various reasons. Its course is long and irreversible. CKD can be divided into 5 stages according to the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). Early detection and early intervention of CKD can reduce the complications of patients and improve the survival rate. Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a small molecule transporter. Receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE) is a multi-ligand transmembrane signal transduction receptor discovered in recent years. Soluble RAGE (sRAGE) is a new splicing heterogeneity of RAGE. Our results show that serum RBP4 is increased while sRAGE is decreased in CKD patients, both of which are closely related to the severity of CKD. The combined use of serum RBP4 and sRAGE has a high diagnostic value for CKD and can provide a reliable diagnostic basis for the clinic. © 2021 Shihong Xiong et al.
Personalized nutrition and omics technologies; Different individuals respond differently to dietary interventions due to the specific effects that certain food-derived nutrients can have on the biological process. This fact means that the standard dietary recommendations, usually delivered to motivate people toward healthy choices, may have a limited impact on the prevention of diseases in susceptible subjects. Personalization should thus take into account internal (genetics, microbiome, metabolome interactions) and external (diet and physical activity) factors, keeping in mind that personal, psychological, and social factors are critical to keeping people motivated and engaged. Reductionist approaches might not be suitable to address the study of the complex interplay between food and biological systems. In this context, high-throughput omics approaches such as genomics, proteomics, and metabolomics have emerged as optimal tools to study the interindividual response to diet and for the possibility to be integrated into a systems biology perspective. This review describes how omics technologies can influence the field of personalized nutrition and the challenges that still lay ahead. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association between Neutrophilic Granulocyte Percentage and Diabetes Mellitus in Cushing's Syndrome Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background. Glucose metabolism is frequently impaired in patients with Cushing's syndrome (CS) due to chronic exposure to excess glucocorticoids. Inflammation plays an essential role in the pathophysiology of diabetes mellitus (DM). The present study aimed to investigate the potential associations of inflammatory blood cell parameters, including white blood cell (WBC) count, neutrophil count, neutrophilic granulocyte percentage (NEUT%), lymphocyte count (LYM), and lymphocyte proportion (LYM%), with diabetes mellitus in Cushing's syndrome patients. Materials and Methods. The cross-sectional study was conducted in Zhongshan Hospital of Fudan University, China. A total of 150 patients with Cushing's syndrome were retrospectively screened from 2017 to 2019. The demographic data, clinical data, and blood samples (lipids, adrenal, glucose, and inflammatory blood cell parameters) were recorded. Statistical analyses were carried out by using the SPSS software package, version 13.0. Results. In this study, the prevalence of diabetes mellitus was 38.7% in patients with Cushing's syndrome. Patients with DM had higher WBC, neutrophil, NEUT% levels than patients without DM (p<0.05). As the NEUT% increased, a stepwise increase in glucose and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level was observed. In addition, in the multivariate logistic regression, NEUT% was a significant independent risk factor for DM, regardless of gender, age, body mass index (BMI), and triglyceride and 12 midnight cortisol (12 MN cortisol) level (OR = 2.542, 95% CI 1.337-4.835, p<0.001). Conclusions. In conclusion, elevated NEUT% level was linked to diabetes in patients with Cushing's syndrome. The neutrophilic granulocyte percentage may be referred to as a new predictor for diabetes in Cushing's syndrome patients. © 2021 Baomin Wang et al.
Metabolic and Epigenetics Action Mechanisms of Antiobesity Medicinal Plants and Phytochemicals; Ever-growing research efforts are demonstrating the potential of medicinal plants and their phytochemicals to prevent and manage obesity, either individually or synergistically. Multiple combinations of phytochemicals can result in a synergistic activity that increases their beneficial effects at molecular, cellular, metabolic, and temporal levels, offering advantages over chemically synthesized drug-based treatments. Herbs and their derived compounds have the potential for controlling appetite, inhibiting pancreatic lipase activity, stimulating thermogenesis and lipid metabolism, increasing satiety, promoting lipolysis, regulating adipogenesis, and inducing apoptosis in adipocytes. Furthermore, targeting adipocyte life cycle using various dietary bioactives that affect different stages of adipocyte life cycle represents also an important target in the development of new antiobesity drugs. In this regard, different stages of adipocyte development that are targeted by antiobesity drugs can include preadipocytes, maturing preadipocytes, and mature adipocytes. Various herbal-derived active compounds, such as capsaicin, genistein, apigenin, luteolin, kaempferol, myricetin, quercetin, docosahexaenoic acid, quercetin, resveratrol, and ajoene, affect adipocytes during specific stages of development, resulting in either inhibition of adipogenesis or induction of apoptosis. Although numerous molecular targets that can be used for both treatment and prevention of obesity have been identified, targeted single cellular receptor or pathway has resulted in limited success. In this review, we discuss the state-of-the-art knowledge about antiobesity medicinal plants and their active compounds and their effects on several cellular, molecular, and metabolic pathways simultaneously with multiple phytochemicals through synergistic functioning which might be an appropriate approach to better management of obesity. In addition, epigenetic mechanisms (acetylation, methylation, miRNAs, ubiquitylation, phosphorylation, and chromatin packaging) of phytochemicals and their preventive and therapeutic perspective are explored in this review. © 2021 Bashar Saad et al.
Gut microbiome profiles associated with steatosis severity in metabolic associated fatty liver disease; Aim: The microbiome has been shown to be pivotal in the development of metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Few have examined the relationship of the microbiome specifically with steatosis grade. Therefore, our aim was to characterize the association of the microbiome with MAFLD steatosis severity while adjusting for metabolic comorbidities including diabetes. Methods: We enrolled patients with MAFLD at the West Los Angeles Veterans Affair Hospital. All patients underwent ultrasound elastography, fasting serum collection, and fecal sampling for 16S sequencing. We examined the associations of microbial diversity and composition with advanced steatosis, defined as a CAP score of ≥ 300 dB/m, with or without the presence of metabolic comorbidities. Results: Seventy-five patients were enrolled. African American were less likely to have advanced steatosis than either Hispanics or Whites (P = 0.001). Patients with more advanced steatosis had higher fasting serum triglyceride (192.6 ± 157.1 mg/dL vs. 122.5 ± 57.4 mg/dL), HbA1c (6.7% ± 1.4% vs. 6.1% ± 0.8%), transaminases, and were more likely to have metabolic syndrome (52.4% vs. 24.2%, P = 0.02). Advanced steatosis and diabetes were associated with altered microbial composition. Bacteroides was negatively associated with advanced steatosis while Megasphaera was positively associated with steatosis. Akkermansia was negatively associated with diabetes, while Anaerostipes and Parabacteroides were positively associated with diabetes. Conclusion: Diabetes and metabolic syndrome are associated with hepatic steatosis severity in MAFLD patients and both advanced steatosis and comorbid diabetes are independently associated with microbiome changes. These results provide insight into the role of the gut microbiome in MAFLD associated with metabolic syndrome. © The Author(s) 2021.
Research progress in the effect of gut microbiome on skeletal muscle and mechanism of SCFAs mediated "gut-muscle axis"; Gut microbiome is a critical contributor to host health. It mostly through production of effector molecules possessing biological activity of catabolism modulates metabolic responses at different organ sites including liver, lung, and brain. Skeletal muscle is considered as the largest organ in the body, playing a pivotal role in voluntary movements, postural maintenance and energy homeostasis. Within the past few years, accumulating evidences have revealed biologically important association between the gut microbiota and skeletal muscle and demonstrated muscle function greatly depend on the bacterial population and structure, resulting in a novel and intriguing concept of "gut-muscle axis". This article aims at reviewing the modulatory effects and potential mechanisms of gut microbiota on skeletal muscle and mechanism of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) mediated "gut-muscle axis", as well as making recommendations on future research in order to provide a theoretical reference for improving muscle function and physical performance based on gut microbiota intervention. © 2021 People's Military Medical Press. All rights reserved.
Effect of experimental gestational diabetes mellitus on mechanical sensitivity, capsaicin-induced pain behaviors and hind paw glabrous skin innervation of male and female mouse offspring; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) induces cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances in offspring. However, the effects of GDM in pain processing in offspring and whether male and female offspring are equally affected is not well known. Thus, we determined: i) whether GDM in mice affects offspring hindpaw mechanical sensitivity, capsaicin-induced spontaneous pain-like behaviors, and epidermal nerve fiber density (ENFD); and ii) whether there is sexual dimorphism in these parameters in offspring from GDM dams. Methods: GDM was induced in pregnant ICR mice via i.p. streptozotocin (STZ). Then, glucose levels from dams and offspring were determined. Male and female offspring 2-3 months of age were evaluated for: a) baseline mechanical sensitivity of the hind paw by using von Frey filaments; b) number of flinches and time spent guarding induced by intraplantar capsaicin (0.1%); and c) density of PGP-9.5 and CGRP axons in the epidermis from the hind paw glabrous skin. Results: Prepartum levels of glucose in STZ-treated dams were significantly increased compared to vehicle-treated dams; however, GDM or vehicle offspring displayed normal and similar blood glucose levels. Male and female GDM offspring showed significantly greater mechanical sensitivity and capsaicin-induced pain behaviors compared to vehicle offspring. Male GDM offspring displayed a slightly more intense nociceptive phenotype in the capsaicin test. PGP-9.5 and CGRP ENFD in hind paw glabrous skin were greater in male and female GDM offspring versus their controls. Sexual dimorphism was generally not observed in GDM offspring in most of the studied parameters. Conclusion: These results suggest GDM induced greater pain-like behaviors in adult offspring regardless of sex along with an increased ENFD of PGP-9.5 and CGRP in the hind paw glabrous skin. We show that GDM peripheral neuropathy differs from diabetic peripheral neuropathy acquired in adulthood and set the foundation to further study this in human babies exposed to GDM. © 2021 Munoz-Islas et al.
Evaluation of insulin resistance induced brain tissue dysfunction in obese dams and their neonates: Role of ipriflavone amelioration; Background: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is associated with activation of liver fibrogenesis and predisposes to cirrhosis and associated morbi-mortality. A high fat high cholesterol diet (HFD) was provided to female albino rats to establish a NASH model. It is well known that the offspring of obese mothers have an increased risk of obesity and diabetes. The present study aimed at evaluating the ameliorative effects of ipriflavone (IP) as a natural food supplement on lipid metabolism, improving insulin sensitivity, reducing oxidative stress and inflammation, modifying metabolic risk factors and/or reduce brain damage, in both neonates and their dams. Materials and Methods: The present aim was achieved by evaluating the oxidative stress and antioxidant defense system biomarkers, as thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and reduced glutathione (GSH), catalase, and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities. In addition, the neurotransmitter acetylcholine (Ach) and acetylcholine esterase (AchE) activities, as well as levels of the apolipoprotein E4 (APOE4); β-secretase, hyper phosphor-tau and β-amyloid 42; 3-hydroxy-3-methyl glutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HMG CoA R)” and COX-II by immunoblotting assays in the brain tissue of neonates and their dams in all the studied groups. Results: A very significant amelioration in acetylcholine and acetylcholine esterase neurotransmitters, Alzheimer’s makers (β-amyloid), antioxidants (reduced glutathione (GSH) contents, catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD); and inflammatory cytokines in NASH model is observed upon administrating ipriflavone (IP) as a natural food supplement. The multifunctional activities of ipriflavone as an antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-insulin resistance drug were discussed and correlated with other investigations. Conclusion: Regarding steatohepatitis, the present study confirmed the anti-inflammatory effects of the ipriflavone (IP). Therefore, future studies should focus on hepatic fatty acid uptake, hepatic lipogenesis, and fatty acid oxidation and the role of IP in regulating hepatic fat metabolism. In addition, natural products like IP could be combined with the highly used pharmaceutical drugs to reduce the side effects of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, and minimize progression of dementia. Moreover, the present study supports further attempts to heal the neural dysfunction via antioxidant and anti-inflammatory cascade activities using ipriflavone (IP). © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
The role of miR-23b in cancer and autoimmune disease; Short-stranded miRNAs are single-stranded RNA molecules involved in the regulation of gene expression. miRNAs are involved in a variety of cellular physiological processes, including cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. miR-23b have been identified to act both as oncogenes and as tumor suppressors. In addition, miR-23b is related to inflammation resistance to various autoimmune diseases and restrained inflammatory cell migration. The characterization of the specific alterations in the patterns of miR-23b expression in cancer and autoimmune disease has great potential for identifying biomarkers for early disease diagnosis, as well as for potential therapeutic intervention in various diseases. In this review, we summarize the ever-expanding role of miR-23b and its target genes in different models and offer insight into how this multifunctional miRNA modulates tumor cell proliferation and apoptosis or inflammatory cell activation, differentiation, and migration. © 2021 Yu-Xin Guo et al.
Plumbagin attenuates high glucose-induced trophoblast cell apoptosis and insulin resistance via activating AKT/mTOR pathway; Plumbagin, a bioactive phytoconstituent, is isolated from the root of Plumbago zeylanica L. Plumbagin possesses antidiabetic effect to mediate glucose homeostasis, wound healing and diabetic nephropathy. However, the involvement of plumbagin in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not been reported yet. Trophoblast cell line (HTR8/SVneo) was incubated with high glucose to establish cell model of GDM. Cell viability and proliferation were detected by MTT and EdU staining. Flow cytometry was used to investigate cell apoptosis. Cell viability of HTR8/SVneo was reduced by high glucose or incubation of plumbagin. Plumbagin restored reduced cell viability and proliferation of HTR8/SVneo induced by high glucose. Plumbagin attenuated high glucose-induced cell apoptosis in HTR8/SVneo cells through upregulation of Bcl-2 and down-regulation of Bax, cleaved caspase-3 and cleaved caspase-9. Protein expression of glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT-4), insulin receptor (INSR)-B and INSR substrate (IRS1) was decreased in high glucose-induced HTR8/SVneo but increased by plumbagin. The suppressive effects of high glucose on phosphorylation of AKT and mTOR in HTR8/SVneo were reversed by plumbagin. Plumbagin improved high glucose-induced cell apoptosis and insulin resistance of HTR8/SVneo through activation of AKT/mTOR pathway, suggesting that plumbagin might be used as a potential strategy for the prevention of GDM. © 2021 Codon Publications
Analysis and Intervention of Factors Affecting Abnormal Postpartum Glucose Tolerance and Gestational Recurrence in Gestational Diabetes; ObjectiveTo investigate the influencing factors of abnormal postpartum glucose tolerance and pregnancy recurrence in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to develop reasonable interventions to prevent postpartum glucose tolerance and recurrence of pregnancy. Methods. Retrospective analysis of clinical data of 238 GDM patients during pregnancy, including age, body mass index (BMI) before and after pregnancy, regular exercise during pregnancy, insulin use, family history of diabetes, fasting blood glucose (FPG) during pregnancy, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 2 h time value, blood lipid index, and whether pregnant again. At the same time, the women were followed up by telephone or home visits to understand and guide the patient's diet and exercise. The clinical characteristics of the two groups of patients were compared. According to the OGTT test, the recovery of glucose tolerance in pregnant women 6-8 weeks postpartum was divided into the normal postpartum glucose tolerance group and the abnormal group. Logistic multivariate analysis was used to find the influencing factors of postpartum glucose tolerance and recurrence of pregnancy. Results. Between 238 patients of followed-up, 150 pregnant women had abnormal postpartum glucose tolerance, accounting for 63.03%. There were 115 repregnants, of whom 37 (32.17%) had a recurrence of postpartum glucose tolerance. Pre and postpregnancy BMI, insulin use during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, FPG during pregnancy, OGTT 2 h values, and triglyceride (TG) were independent risk factors for abnormal postpartum diabetes and recurrence of pregnancy in GDM patients. Conclusions. Patients with GDM are at high risk of postpartum abnormal glucose tolerance and pregnancy recurrence, which may be influenced by the pregnant woman's prepregnancy and postpartum BMI, insulin use during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, FPG, OGGT 2 h values during pregnancy, and TG levels. Therefore, health education for pregnant women should be strengthened in the clinic, with guidance on proper diet for weight control, increased exercise, and regular blood glucose screening and monitoring for those at risk.  © 2021 Linhong Li et al.
Iranian national clinical practice guideline for exercise in patients with diabetes; Context: Growing evidence highlights the importance of physical activity as a critical element for the prevention and control of diabetes. However, there is no clinical practice guideline focusing on the different aspects of exercise in patients with diabetes, especially for the Iranian population. Objective: We aimed to prepare and adopt a clinical practice guideline to provide well-defined, simple, and concise responses to certain questions related to physical activity and exercise in all patients with diabetes, including type 1, 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Evidence Acquisition: A multidisciplinary team of experts in various fields (sports medicine specialists, endocrinologists, and cardiologists) developed the guideline. This group did the task in four stages: (1) identifying and refining the subject area using 17 clinical questions; (2) appraising evidence through a systematic review of the literature; (3) extracting recommendations from evidence and grading them as A, B, C, or D based on the quality, quantity, and consistency of existing evidence; and (4) subjecting the guideline to external review and finally selecting the recommendations with high scores of appropriateness and agreement. The final version was evaluated and approved by the National Deputy for Curative Affairs - Ministry of Health and Medical Education and has also been endorsed by the Iran Endocrine Society (IES) and Iranian Association of Sports and Exercise Medicine (IASEM). Results: The guideline consists of 52 recommendations addressing 17 important questions concerning different aspects of exercise prescription in Iranian patients with diabetes. Conclusions: The guideline provides evidence-based information that may help physicians to prescribe exercise for Iranian patients with diabetes safely and effectively. Copyright © 2021, International Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) which permits copy and redistribute the material just in noncommercial usages, provided the original work is properly cited.
The effects of diosgenin on hypolipidemia and its underlying mechanism: A review; Hyperlipidemia is a disorder of lipid metabolism, which is a major cause of coronary heart disease. Although there has been considerable progress in hyperlipidemia treatment, morbidity and risk associated with the condition continue to rise. The first-line treatment for hyperlipidemia, statins, has multiple side effects; therefore, development of safe and effective drugs from natural products to prevent and treat hyperlipidemia is necessary. Diosgenin is primarily derived from fenugreek (Trigonella foenum graecum) seeds, and is also abundant in medicinal herbs such as Dioscorea rhizome, Dioscorea septemloba, and Rhizoma polygonati, is a well-known steroidal sapogenin and the active ingredient in many drugs to treat cardiovascular conditions. There is abundant evidence that diosgenin has potential for application in correcting lipid metabolism disorders. In this review, we evaluated the latest evidence related to diosgenin and hyperlipidemia from clinical and animal studies. Additionally, we elaborate the pharmacological mechanism underlying the activity of diosgenin in treating hyperlipidemia in detail, including its role in inhibition of intestinal absorption of lipids, regulation of cholesterol transport, promotion of cholesterol conversion into bile acid and its excretion, inhibition of endogenous lipid biosynthesis, antioxidation and lipoprotein lipase activity, and regulation of transcription factors related to lipid metabolism. This review provides a deep exploration of the pharmacological mechanisms involved in diosgenin-hyperlipidemia interactions and suggests potential routes for the development of novel drug therapies for hyperlipidemia. © 2021 Sun et al.
Serum metabolite profiling yields insights into health promoting effect of A. muciniphila in human volunteers with a metabolic syndrome; Reduction of A. muciniphila relative abundance in the gut microbiota is a widely accepted signature associated with obesity-related metabolic disorders. Using untargeted metabolomics profiling of fasting plasma, our study aimed at identifying metabolic signatures associated with beneficial properties of alive and pasteurized A. muciniphila when administrated to a cohort of insulin-resistant individuals with metabolic syndrome. Our data highlighted either shared or specific alterations in the metabolome according to the form of A. muciniphila administered with respect to a control group. Common responses encompassed modulation of amino acid metabolism, characterized by reduced levels of arginine and alanine, alongside several intermediates of tyrosine, phenylalanine, tryptophan, and glutathione metabolism. The global increase in levels of acylcarnitines together with specific modulation of acetoacetate also suggested induction of ketogenesis through enhanced β-oxidation. Moreover, our data pinpointed some metabolites of interest considering their emergence as substantial compounds pertaining to health and diseases in the more recent literature. © 2021 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The Effect of Induced Diabetes Mellitus on the Cerebellar Cortex of Adult Male Rat and the Possible Protective Role of Oxymatrine: A Histological, Immunohistochemical and Biochemical Study; Diabetes mellitus (DM) represents a widespread metabolic disease with a well-known neurotoxicity in both central and peripheral nervous systems. Oxymatrine is a traditional Chinese herbal medicine that has various pharmacological activities including: anti-oxidant, anti-apoptotic and anti-inflammatory potentials. The present work aimed to study the impact of diabetes mellitus on the cerebellar cortex of adult male albino rat and to evaluate the potential protective role of oxymatrine. Fifty-five adult male rats were randomly divided into three groups: group I served as control, group II was given oxymatrine (80 mg/kg/day) orally for 8 weeks and group III was given a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg) intaperitoneally to induce diabetes. Then diabetic rats were subdivided into two subgroups: subgroup IIIa that received no additional treatment and subgroup IIIb that received oxymatrine similar to group II. The diabetic group revealed numerous changes in the Purkinje cell layer in the form of multilayer arrangement of Purkinje cells, shrunken cells with deeply stained nuclei as well as focal loss of the Purkinje cells. A significant increment in glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and synaptophysin expression were reported in immunohistochemistry compared with the control group. Transmission electron microscopy showed irregularity and splitting of myelin sheaths in the molecular layer, dark shrunken Purkinje cells with ill-defined nuclei, dilated Golgi saccules and dense granule cells with irregular nuclear outlines in the granular layer. In contrast, these changes were less evident in diabetic rats that received oxymatrine. In conclusion, Oxymatrine could protect the cerebellar cortex against changes induced by DM. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Sirtuins and mitochondrial dysfunction; Sirtuins are NAD+-dependent deacylases positioning within the metabolic node of the cells. Proteomic studies indicate that sirtuins regulate metabolic networks to coordinate cellular stress response. Specifically, sirtuins control the biogenesis and metabolism of mitochondria, which are cellular powerhouses. Deregulation of sirtuins links to disorders in mitochondrial function and has been implicated with various human diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, kidney diseases, neurodegeneration, and cancer. Here we review recent studies concerning the roles of sirtuins in the pathogenesis of mitochondrial dysfunction-related diseases, with a special focus on how sirtuins regulate the biological function of mitochondria. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gut Microbiome-Based Diagnostic Model to Predict Diabetes Mellitus; The aim of this study was to determine the diversity of intestinal microflora and its correlation with clinical parameters in diabetic patients and healthy subjects and to assess the importance of intestinal flora in patients with diabetes. Forty-four patients with diabetes were included. The control group included 47 healthy people. Their data, biochemical indicators and results from 16S rRNA sequencing of their fecal samples were collected. Compared with the healthy population, the intestinal flora of the diabetic patients was obviously abnormal. Within the diabetes group, the abundances of the genera Faecalibacterium, Prevotella, and Roseburia were higher, and the abundances of the genera Shigella and Bifidobacterium were lower. In the correlation analysis between bacteria and clinical indicators, it was found that the genera Veillonella and unclassified_Enterobacteriaceae were negatively related to blood glucose, while the genera Phascolarctobacterium, unidentified_Bacteroidales and Prevotella were significantly positively correlated with fasting blood glucose. Twelve microbial markers were detected in the random forest model, and the area under the curve (AUC) was 84.1%. This index was greater than the diagnostic effect of fasting blood glucose. This was also supported by the joint diagnostic model of microorganisms and clinical indicators. In addition, the intestinal flora significantly improved the diagnosis of diabetes. In conclusion, it can be concluded from these results that intestinal flora is essential for the occurrence and development of diabetes, which seems to be as important as blood glucose itself. Abbreviations: PCoA: principal coordinate analysis; NMDS: non econometric multidimensional scaling analysis; LEfSe: linear discriminant analysis effect size; LDA: linear discriminant analysis; POD: probability of disease; BMI: body mass index; DCA: decision curve analysis. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Completion of the gut microbial epi-bile acid pathway; Bile acids are detergent molecules that solubilize dietary lipids and lipid-soluble vitamins. Humans synthesize bile acids with α-orientation hydroxyl groups which can be biotransformed by gut microbiota to toxic, hydrophobic bile acids, such as deoxycholic acid (DCA). Gut microbiota can also convert hydroxyl groups from the α-orientation through an oxo-intermediate to the β-orientation, resulting in more hydrophilic, less toxic bile acids. This interconversion is catalyzed by regio- (C-3 vs. C-7) and stereospecific (α vs. β) hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases (HSDHs). So far, genes encoding the urso- (7α-HSDH & 7β-HSDH) and iso- (3α-HSDH & 3β-HSDH) bile acid pathways have been described. Recently, multiple human gut clostridia were reported to encode 12α-HSDH, which interconverts DCA and 12-oxolithocholic acid (12-oxoLCA). 12β-HSDH completes the epi-bile acid pathway by converting 12-oxoLCA to the 12β-bile acid denoted epiDCA; however, a gene(s) encoding this enzyme has yet to be identified. We confirmed 12β-HSDH activity in cultures of Clostridium paraputrificum ATCC 25780. From six candidate C. paraputrificum ATCC 25780 oxidoreductase genes, we discovered the first gene (DR024_RS09610) encoding bile acid 12β-HSDH. Phylogenetic analysis revealed unforeseen diversity for 12β-HSDH, leading to validation of two additional bile acid 12β-HSDHs through a synthetic biology approach. By comparison to a previous phylogenetic analysis of 12α-HSDH, we identified the first potential C-12 epimerizing strains: Collinsella tanakaei YIT 12063 and Collinsella stercoris DSM 13279. A Hidden Markov Model search against human gut metagenomes located putative 12β-HSDH genes in about 30% of subjects within the cohorts analyzed, indicating this gene is relevant in the human gut microbiome. © 2021 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The Hypolipidemic Effect of Dalbergia odorifera T. C. Chen Leaf Extract on Hyperlipidemic Rats and Its Mechanism Investigation Based on Network Pharmacology; Objective. The aim of this study was to explore the hypolipidemic effect and mechanism of Dalbergia odorifera T. C. Chen leaf extract. Methods. The hypolipidemic effect of D. odorifera leaf extract was investigated using a hyperlipidemic rat model. Then, its mechanism was predicted using network pharmacology methods and verified using western blotting. Results. Compared with the levels in the model group, the serum levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) decreased significantly, whereas the serum level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) increased dramatically after treatment with the extract. The degrees of hepatocyte steatosis and inflammatory infiltration were markedly attenuated in vivo. Then, its hyperlipidemic mechanism was predicted using network pharmacology-based analysis. Thirty-five key targets, including sterol regulatory element-binding protein cleavage-activating protein (SCAP), sterol regulatory element-binding protein-2 (SREBP-2), 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR), and ten signaling pathways, were associated with hyperlipidemia. Finally, it was verified that the extract downregulated the protein levels of SCAP, SREBP-2, and HMGCR, and upregulated protein levels of LDLR. Conclusion. These findings provided additional evidence of the hypolipidemic effect of D. odorifera leaf extract.  © 2021 Hui Mei et al.
Alteration of serum neuregulin 4 and neuregulin 1 in gestational diabetes mellitus; Context: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) and neuregulin 1 (Nrg1) have been shown to play vital roles in several disorders of glucose metabolism. The pathophysiological role of Nrg4 and Nrg1 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), however, remains poorly understood. We assessed the clinical relevance of the two cytokines in patients with GDM. Methods: The study recruited 36 GDM patients and 38 age-matched, gestational age (24–28 weeks of gestation)–matched, and BMI (during pregnancy)–matched controls in this study. Serum Nrg4 and Nrg1 were measured using ELISA. Inflammatory factors such as IL-6, IL-1β, leptin, TNF-α, and monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1) were determined via Luminex technique. Results: Serum Nrg4 in GDM patients was significantly lower than that in the controls, while Nrg1 was significantly higher in the GDM group (p < 0.01). Inflammatory factors such as IL-6, leptin, and TNF-α were significantly increased in GDM patients, while MCP-1 and IL-1β were not significantly different between the two groups. In addition, serum Nrg4 was negatively correlated with fasting glucose (r = −0.438, p = 0.008), HOMA-IR (r = −0.364, p = 0.029), IL-6 (r = −0.384, p = 0.021), leptin (r = −0.393, p = 0.018), TNF-α (r = −0.346, p = 0.039), and MCP-1 (r = −0.342, p = 0.041), and positively correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (r = −0.357, p = 0.033) in GDM group. Serum Nrg1 was positively correlated with BMI (r = 0.452, p = 0.006), fasting glucose (r = 0.424, p = 0.010), HOMA-IR (r = 0.369, p = 0.027), and triglyceride (r = 0.439, p = 0.007). The decrease of Nrg4 and the increase of Nrg1 were significantly related to the increased prevalence of GDM. Finally, ROC curve results indicated that Nrg1 combined with IL-6 and TNF-α might be an effective means for GDM screening. Conclusions: Lower circulating Nrg4 and higher circulating Nrg1 serve risk factors of GDM. Nrg1 combined with IL-6 and TNF-α might be a potential tool for GDM screening. © The Author(s), 2021.
Treatment of type 2 diabetes in children: what are the specific considerations?; Introduction: The number of individuals under 18 years of age with type 2 diabetes is increasing at an alarming rate worldwide. These patients are often characterized by obesity and they often experience a more rapid disease progression than adults with type 2 diabetes. Thus, focus on prevention and management of complications and comorbidities is imperative. With emphasis on weight loss and optimal glycemic control, treatment includes lifestyle changes and pharmacotherapy, which in this patient group is limited to metformin, liraglutide and insulin. In selected cases, bariatric surgery is indicated. Areas covered: This perspective article provides an overview of the literature covering pathophysiology, diagnosis, characteristics and treatment of pediatric type 2 diabetes, and outlines the gaps in our knowledge where further research is needed. The paper draws on both mechanistic studies, large scale intervention trials, epidemiological studies and international consensus statements. Expert opinion: Type 2 diabetes in pediatric patients is an increasing health care problem, and the current treatment strategies do not successfully meet the many challenges and obstacles in this patient group. Treatments must be early, intensive, multifaceted and durable. Also, prevention of obesity and type 2 diabetes in at-risk children should be addressed and prioritized on all levels. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Omics Technologies and Development of Anti-diabetic Therapies from Prospective Natural Products; The emergence of omics technologies has revolutionised modern biology and also offers promise to addressing epidemic chronic diseases including type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Sustained peripheral insulin resistance and an irreversible systemic alteration and progressive decline of physiological functions in T2DM patients are borne of modern unhealthy lifestyle and contribute to disability and mortality worldwide. Earlier-onset and prolonged disease state underscore the need for both prophylactic and ameliorating therapeutics to impact the chronicity of T2DM and progressive comorbidities. This complexity has not been solved with prolonged use of tissue-target screens for synthetic drug discovery. The modern disease of T2DM can be impacted with recognised anti-diabetic agents derived from traditional medicines and phytochemicals. Exploit of phytochemicals employed in medicinal practices can now be validated with omics technologies. Constructive omics testing offers new and meaningful insights to improving drug discovery and implementation. This chapter reviews the application of genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics and network analysis to ascertain candidature of anti-diabetic agents arising from green tea, citrus, and garlic isolates including (−)-epigallocatechin gallate, tangeretin, and allicin. The restoration of the old natural products and new technologies will progress pharmacological and pathological insights into T2DM beyond current allopathic measures. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2021, corrected publication 2021.
Effects of metformin on glucose and lipid metabolism and reversal of renal function injury in pregnant rats with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To analyze the effects of metformin on glucose and lipid metabolism and reverse renal function injury in pregnant rats with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 32 female mice were randomly divided into a control group, model group, metformin A group (300 mg/kg/D metformin intragastric administration after modeling), and metformin B group (600 mg/kg/D metformin intragastric administration after modeling). Fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), blood lipid, urinary microprotein (mAlb), and serum β 2-microglobulin (β 2-mg) levels were observed, and the expressions of ERK, p38, and their phosphorylated proteins were detected. Results: The blood glucose level at each time point and weight of mice were significantly lower in metformin groups A and B than in the model group (P<0.05). The levels of fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR were significantly lower in metformin A and B groups than the model group (P<0.05), but there was no significant difference between the metformin B group and the control group. The levels of TC, TG, and LDL-C were significantly lower in metformin A and B groups than the model group, while HDL-C was significantly higher in metformin A and B groups compared to the model group (P<0.05). The levels of mAlb, β 2-mg, p-ERK, and p-p38 were significantly lower in metformin A and B groups than in the model group (P<0.05). Conclusion: Metformin can reverse the damage of renal function induced by GDM in mice, and its mechanism may be related to effectively reducing blood glucose and regulating blood lipid level in GDM rats. © 2021 A. CARBONE Editore. All rights reserved.
Metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aim of the study: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is now the most prevalent chronic liver disease in the world. Its prevalence in women of reproductive age is approximately 10%. Due to its high prevalence in this specific population, it is important to investigate adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by MAFLD during pregnancy. We aimed to summarize the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Material and methods: A search was conducted on PubMed and ProQuest from inception to April 1, 2021, for studies assessing the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). We analyzed the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed and random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed using I2. Results: Six studies comprising 20,535,994 (5,964 MAFLD) pregnant women were included. The quality of studies ranged from 6 to 8 stars. MAFLD was significantly associated with increased risk of dysglycemia (OR = 3.65, 95% CI = 2.47-5.39), pregnancy-associated hypertension (OR = 3.27, 95% CI = 2.75-3.88), cesarean section (OR = 2.78, 95% CI = 1.60-4.83), and preterm birth (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.37-2.10) but not large for gestational age (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 0.64-4.45). Conclusions: The presence of MAFLD is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. © 2021 Termedia Publishing House Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Composition, isolation, identification and function of adipose tissue-derived exosomes; Exosomes are nano-sized extracellular vesicles (30–160 nm diameter) with lipid bilayer membrane secrete by various cells that mediate the communication between cells and tissue, which contain a variety of non-coding RNAs, mRNAs, proteins, lipids and other functional substances. Adipose tissue is important energy storage and endocrine organ in the organism. Recent studies have revealed that adipose tissue-derived exosomes (AT-Exosomes) play a critical role in many physiologically and pathologically functions. Physiologically, AT-Exosomes could regulate the metabolic homoeostasis of various organs or cells including liver and skeletal muscle. Pathologically, they could be used in the treatment of disease and or that they may be involved in the progression of the disease. In this review, we describe the basic principles and methods of exosomes isolation and identification, as well as further summary the specific methods. Moreover, we categorize the relevant studies of AT-Exosomes and summarize the different components and biological functions of mammalian exosomes. Most importantly, we elaborate AT-Exosomes crosstalk within adipose tissue and their functions on other tissues or organs from the physiological and pathological perspective. Based on the above analysis, we discuss what remains to be discovered problems in AT-Exosomes studies and prospect their directions needed to be further explored in the future. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Hepatic wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP-1/CCN4) associates with markers of liver fibrosis in severe obesity; Liver fibrosis is a critical complication of obesity-induced fatty liver disease. Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP1/CCN4), a novel adipokine associated with visceral obesity and insulin resistance, also contributes to lung and kidney fibrosis. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of CCN4 in liver fibrosis in severe obesity. For this, human liver biopsies were collected from 35 severely obese humans (BMI 42.5 ± 0.7 kg/m2, age 46.7 ± 1.8 y, 25.7% males) during bariatric surgery and examined for the expression of CCN4, fibrosis, and inflammation markers. Hepatic stellate LX-2 cells were treated with human recombinant CCN4 alone or in combination with LPS or transforming growth factor beta (TGF-β) and examined for fibrosis and inflammation markers. CCN4 mRNA expression in the liver positively correlated with BMI and expression of fibrosis markers COL1A1, COL3A1, COL6A1, αSMA, TGFB1, extracellular matrix turnover enzymes TIMP1 and MMP9, and the inflammatory marker ITGAX/CD11c. In LX-2 cells, the exposure to recombinant CCN4 caused dose-dependent induction of MMP9 and MCP1. CCN4 potentiated the TGF-β-mediated induction of COL3A1, TIMP1, and MCP1 but showed no interaction with LPS treatment. Our results suggest a potential contribution of CCN4 to the early pathogenesis of obesity-associated liver fibrosis. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Lipid metabolism and relevant disorders to female reproductive health; Background: Lipids are essential components of cells that participate in metabolic and endocrine regulation and reproductive functions. The main organs where lipid regulation takes place are the liver and adipose tissue. Besides, when each tis-sue-specific action cannot be exerted, it could lead to several endocrine-metabolic disorders closely related to PCOS, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and obe-sity. Objective: This work aims to discuss the impact of lipid alterations on metabolic and reproductive health. Therefore, this review focus on the importance of carrying out an integrated study of the molecular pathways affected in PCOS for developing target therapies. Results: Lipids play a major role in PCOS pathogenesis. In this regard, failures in lipid regulation, synthesis, and/or homeostasis contribute to metabolic and reproductive abnor-malities, such as those seen in PCOS. Several lipid pathways and regulators are altered in this pathology, leading to dysfunctions that worsen reproductive functions. Therefore, there are several treatments to manage dyslipidemias. Non-pharmacological therapies are considered a first-line treatment being the pharmacological treatments a second-line op-tion. Conclusion: The best treatment to improve the lipid profile is lifestyle intervention, a combination of hypocaloric diet and exercise. Regarding pharmacological therapies, a combination of fibrate and statins would be the most recommended drugs. Still, in PCOS women, treatment with metformin or TZDs not only modulates the lipid metabolism, but also improves ovulation. In addition, metformin with lifestyle interventions has positive effects on the metabolic and reproductive features of PCOS patients. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Sources of Interindividual Variability; The efficacy, safety, and tolerability of drugs are dependent on numerous factors that influence their disposition. A dose that is efficacious and safe for one individual may result in sub-therapeutic or toxic blood concentrations in others. A significant source of this variability in drug response is drug metabolism, where differences in presystemic and systemic biotransformation efficiency result in variable degrees of systemic exposure (e.g., AUC, Cmax, and/or Cmin) following administration of a fixed dose. Interindividual differences in drug biotransformation have been studied extensively. It is recognized that both intrinsic factors (e.g., genetics, age, sex, and disease states) and extrinsic factors (e.g., diet, chemical exposures from the environment, and the microbiome) play a significant role. For drug-metabolizing enzymes, genetic variation can result in the complete absence or enhanced expression of a functional enzyme. In addition, upregulation and downregulation of gene expression, in response to an altered cellular environment, can achieve the same range of metabolic function (phenotype), but often in a less predictable and time-dependent manner. Understanding the mechanistic basis for variability in drug disposition and response is essential if we are to move beyond the era of empirical, trial-and-error dose selection and into an age of personalized medicine that will improve outcomes in maintaining health and treating disease. © 2021, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Novel therapeutical approaches to managing atherosclerotic risk; Atherosclerosis is a multifactorial vascular disease that leads to inflammation and stiff-ening of the arteries and decreases their elasticity due to the accumulation of calcium, small dense Low Density Lipoproteins (sdLDL), inflammatory cells, and fibrotic material. A review of studies pertaining to cardiometabolic risk factors, lipids alterations, hypolipidemic agents, nutraceuticals, hypoglycaemic drugs, atherosclerosis, endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation was performed. There are several therapeutic strategies including Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors, inclisiran, bempedoic acid, Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs), and nutraceuticals that promise improvement in the atheromatous plaque from a molecular point of view, because have actions on the exposure of the LDL-Receptor (LDL-R), on endothelial dysfunction, activation of macrophages, on lipid oxidation, formations on foam cells, and deposition extracellular lipids. Atheroma plaque reduction both as a result of LDL-Cholesterol (LDL-C) intensive lowering and reducing inflammation and other residual risk factors is an integral part of the management of atherosclerotic disease, and the use of valid therapeutic alternatives appear to be appealing avenues to solving the problem. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Zinc; Since the discovery of manifest Zn deficiency in 1961, the increasing number of studies demonstrated the association between altered Zn status and multiple diseases. In this chapter, we provide a review of the most recent advances on the role of Zn in health and disease (2010 − 20), with a special focus on the role of Zn in neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental disorders, diabetes and obesity, male and female reproduction, as well as COVID-19. In parallel with the revealed tight association between ASD risk and severity and Zn status, the particular mechanisms linking Zn2 + and ASD pathogenesis like modulation of synaptic plasticity through ProSAP/Shank scaffold, neurotransmitter metabolism, and gut microbiota, have been elucidated. The increasing body of data indicate the potential involvement of Zn2 + metabolism in neurodegeneration. Systemic Zn levels in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease were found to be reduced, whereas its sequestration in brain may result in modulation of amyloid β and α-synuclein processing with subsequent toxic effects. Zn2 + was shown to possess adipotropic effects through the role of zinc transporters, zinc finger proteins, and Zn-α2-glycoprotein in adipose tissue physiology, underlying its particular role in pathogenesis of obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2. Recent findings also contribute to further understanding of the role of Zn2 + in spermatogenesis and sperm functioning, as well as oocyte development and fertilization. Finally, Zn2 + was shown to be the potential adjuvant therapy in management of novel coronavirus infection (COVID-19), underlining the perspectives of zinc in management of old and new threats. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
C-Reactive Protein, Chemerin, Fetuin-A and Osteopontin as Predictors of Cardiovascular Risks in Persons With Psoriasis Vulgaris; The study aimed to contribute to understanding the role of CRP, chemerin, fetuin-A and osteopontin and to assess their suitability as biomarkers of early stages of cardiovascular diseases in psoriasis vulgaris. Serum levels measured in 28 patients and 22 controls. Patients: increased levels of CRP (p<0.001), chemerin (p<0.05), osteopontin (p<0.05) and decreased levels of fetuin-A (p<0.05), significant relationships between CRP and fetuin-A (rho=0.530, p<0.01), CRP and chemerin (rho=0.543, p<0.01), CRP and age (rho=0.590, p<0.001), osteopontin and fetuin-A (r=-0.415, p<0.05), chemerin and PASI score (rho=-0.424, p<0.05). We confirmed specific roles of the biomarkers in psoriasis. CRP, fetuin-A and osteopontin could be considered appropriate markers for the detection of early stages of cardiovascular diseases. © 2021 Institute of Physiology of the Czech Academy of Sciences, Prague, Czech Republic
Copper-induced epigenetic changes shape the clinical phenotype in wilson’s disease; Wilson's disease is a congenital disorder of copper metabolism whose pathogenesis remains, at least in part, unknown. Subjects carrying the same genotype may show completely different phenotypes, differing for the age at illness onset or for the hepatic, neurologic or psychiatric clinical presentation. The inability to find a unequivocal correlation between the type of mutation in the ATPase copper transporting beta (ATP7B) gene and the phenotypic manifestation, has encouraged many authors to look for epigenetic factors interacting with the genetic changes. Here, the evidences regarding the ability of copper overload to change the global DNA methylation status are discussed. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Diabetes mellitus and renal function: Current medical research and opinion; Diabetes mellitus (DM), which is defined as high blood glucose level, is a major public health issue worldwide. An enormous amount of data has been gathered regarding DM as populations have been living with it for more than a decade; however, continually updating our knowledge of DM remains important. Comorbidities are among the major challenges associated with DM. Poorly controlled DM, especially type 2 DM (T2DM), is considered a risk factor for many diseases, including but not limited to chronic kidney disease (CKD). Complications might appear over time as the aging process changes body functions; moreover, a significant number of antidiabetic medications are eventually cleared by the kidneys, thereby increasing the burden on kidney function and placing diabetic patients at risk. The significantly high number of patients with uncontrolled diabetes resulting from kidney disease shows the impact of this condition on the quality of life of patients. This review presents an overview of the pathophysiology, etiology, and prevalence of CKD and abnormal renal parameters correlated with poorly controlled T2DM, with an emphasis on clinical studies involving the association between vitamin D insufficiency/deficiency and CKD among patients with T2DM. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Obesity review as a scientific concept; Language according to Noam Chomsky, is an innate ability that can be used to communicate science. Analyzing the term obesity as a scientific concept will allow its correct epistemological approach to contribute to multidisciplinary scientific research that seeks to reduce this pandemic. Obesity is an excessive accumulation of body fat, in excess of physiological needs and adaptability, which can lead to adverse health effects, such as disability. It is considered a state in which adipose tissue represents more than 20% of total body weight in men and 25% in women. A BMI of 30 kg/m2 or more is classified as obesity. From a genetic perspective, obesity is classified into three subdivisions according to the disorder and number of genes involved: Monogenic, syndromic and polygenic. For the social sciences, it involves a sociocultural problem grafted onto a predisposition at the individual level. From an evolutionary perspective, the human body is not developed for constant exposure to a calorie-rich and sedentary environment. Understanding the current theoretical perspectives that conceptualize obesity, stipulated as a pathology in itself, as a risk factor for other non-communicable diseases and as an indirect etiology of disability, will allow scientific research to be developed with broader perspectives, through its design with mixed variables, categories and theories, which allow the formulation of hypotheses and explanations with a multidisciplinary approach, in accordance with the multifactorial etiology of obesity.  © 2021 Federación Espanõla de Asociaciones de Docentes de Educación Física (FEADEF).
Therapeutic potential of alpha-1 antitrypsin in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) has established anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory effects in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease but there is increasing evidence of its role in other inflammatory and immune-mediated conditions, like diabetes mellitus (DM). AAT activity is altered in both developing and established type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) as well in established type 2 DM (T2DM). Augmentation therapy with AAT appears to favorably impact T1DM development in mice models and to affect β-cell function and inflammation in humans with T1DM. The role of AAT in T2DM is less clear, but AAT activity appears to be reduced in T2DM. This article reviews these associations and emerging therapeutic strategies using AAT to treat DM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Handbook of Diabetes, 5th edition; The Handbook of Diabetes provides concise and efficient coverage of the diagnosis, epidemiology, and management of diabetes and its complications. Containing hundreds of attractive colour diagrams, illustrations, and clinical photographs, this popular quick-reference guide focuses on the management and measurement of diabetes mellitus with highly visual references. Now in its fifth edition, this market-leading book aligns with the most recent guidelines from the American Diabetes Association (ADA), the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD), Diabetes UK, and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), presenting authoritative clinical coverage of diabetes in an accessible format with rich pedagogical features. Five new chapters provide detailed coverage of liver disease, diabetes education, bariatric surgery, diabetes and cancer, and the use of incretin-based therapies and SGLT2 Inhibitors in the management of Type II diabetes Updated and expanded topics include the relation between hypoglycaemia and dementia, anxiety and depression, the NICE Quality and Outcomes Framework (QOF), and the impacts of diabetes to self-care, mental health, and decision-making Provides a wealth of pedagogical features such as vignettes and case histories, important learning points, summaries of key clinical trials, and links to further readings Handbook of Diabetes, remains the essential practical companion for all health professionals involved in managing patients with diabetes, and an up-to-date reference for diabetes and endocrinology researchers, scientists, and academics. © Rudy Bilous and Richard Donnelly (1e, 1992; 2e, 1999; 3e, 2004; 4e, 2010). All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic Properties of Curcumin: Insights on New Mechanisms; Plant extracts have been used to treat a wide range of human diseases. Curcumin, a bioactive polyphenol derived from Curcuma longa L., exhibits therapeutic effects against diabetes while only negligible adverse effects have been observed. Antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of curcumin are the main and well-recognized pharmacological effects that might explain its antidiabetic effects. Additionally, curcumin may regulate novel signaling molecules and enzymes involved in the pathophysiology of diabetes, including glucagon-like peptide-1, dipeptidyl peptidase-4, glucose transporters, alpha-glycosidase, alpha-amylase, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ). Recent findings from in vitro and in vivo studies on novel signaling pathways involved in the potential beneficial effects of curcumin for the treatment of diabetes are discussed in this review. © 2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Adiponectin synthesis, secretion and extravasation from circulation to interstitial space; Adiponectin, an adipokine that circulates as multiple multimeric complexes at high levels in serum, has antidiabetic, anti-inflammatory, antiatherogenic, and cardioprotective properties. Understanding the mechanisms regulating adiponectin’s physiological effects is likely to provide critical insight into the development of adiponectin-based therapeutics to treat various metabolic-related diseases. In this review, we summarize our current understanding on adiponectin action in its various target tissues and in cellular models. We also focus on recent advances in two particular regulatory aspects; namely, the regulation of adiponectin gene expression, multimerization, and secretion, as well as extravasation of circulating adiponectin to the interstitial space and its degradation. Finally, we discuss some potential therapeutic approaches using adiponectin as a target and the current challenges facing adiponectin-based therapeutic interventions. © 2021 Int. Union Physiol. Sci./Am. Physiol. Soc.
IVF efficiency in different phenotypes of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome occupies a leading place in the structure of endocrine infertility. This article presents the endocrine and metabolic features of the polycystic ovary syndrome phenotypes, as well as modern concepts of efficiency and complications of the use of assisted reproductive technologies, depending on the specific phenotype. The issues of polycystic ovary syndrome influence on selecting the method of assisted reproductive technologies, as well as possible complications that occur during in vitro fertilization and the features of the pregnancy course remain unresolved. The individualization of the approach seems to be promising when taking into account the differences in the hormonal profile and the features of metabolic disorders in each polycystic ovary syndrome phenotype. That may allow us to take one more step towards improving the effectiveness of in vitro fertilization and reducing the frequency of complications in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2021 Eco-Vector LLC. All Rights Reserved.
New Criteria in Defining the Metabolic Syndrome in Children? – An Analysis of the Relationship between the Hepatic Enzymes and the Insulin Resistance, HOMA-IR and Lipid Parameters in the Obese Children; Background: The purpose of the study was aimed towards ascertaining whether the fat non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) that manifested through raised ALT and AST values could be considered a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome in children. Methods: A number of 108 children aged between 7 and 18 years old (12.89±2.93), with body mass index - BMI > 25 kg/m2 were studied, who underwent metabolic syndrome parameters’ assessments. Determinations of blood pressure, abdominal perimeter, fasting glucose, insulinemia were made, the HOMA-IR index (Homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance) was calculated. The value of the HOMA-IR index between 2-4 was considered as glucose tolerance decrease and HOMA-IR>4 was considered diabetes for both sexes. We also made laboratory determinations of cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides. We correlated the identified groups with diabetes mellitus and the glucose tolerance decrease according to HOMA-IR with the values of liver enzymes AST (aspartataminotransferase) and ALT (alaninaminotransferase). Results: The calculated HOMA-IR showed, in 53.7% of the obese children, the glucose tolerance decrease, (HOMA-IR > 2). The individual level of the HOMA-IR index was significantly lower at older ages, the correlation was indirect, moderate in intensity (r = - 0.217; p=0.024), suggesting that approximately 22% of children have a lower HOMA-IR level at older ages. The following are confirmed as good predictors of diabetes: LDL cholesterol (AUC=0.632; IC95%: 0.526-0.738; p=0.018), ALT (AUC=0.645; IC95%: 0.541-0.750; p=0.009) and AST (AUC=0.617; IC95%: 0.510-0.724; p=0.036). The HDL cholesterol parameter proves to be a good predictor of decreased glucose tolerance (AUC=0.607; IC95%: 0.469-0.745). Conclusions: The increased liver enzymes (mainly AST, but also ALT) and LDL cholesterol are positively associated with the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in paediatric populations and with diabetes mellitus. Although there is a correlation between AST, ALT and LDL-cholesterol and decreased glucose tolerance or diabetes mellitus, a larger batch analysis of obese children is required to determine whether liver enzymes and LDL-cholesterol can be introduced as diagnostic criteria of the metabolic syndrome in obese children. © Mattioli 1885
Hepatokine levels during the first or early second trimester of pregnancy and the subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: The relationship between hepatokine levels during the first or early second trimester of pregnancy and the subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have been studied extensively. However, conclusions remain debateable whether hepatokines are potential markers of GDM. We conducted a meta-analysis of published articles to understand the association between circulating levels of selected hepatokines (including FGF21, fetuin-A, afamin, adropin, ficolin-3, selenoprotein P, ANGPTL4 and AGF) and the risk of GDM. Materials and methods: We searched the PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library and Web of Science databases for studies published before January 2021 that examined the association between hepatokines and GDM (Prospero Registration# CRD42020191408). The quality was assessed by the Newcastle–Ottawa Scale (NOS). Pooled standard mean differences (SMDs) and weighted mean differences (WMDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to compare the levels of hepatokines in different groups using fixed effects or random effects models. Meta-regression analysis and publication bias were conducted in accordance with standard methods. The trim-fill adjustment method was used to further assess the possible effect of publication bias. Sensitivity analysis was performed by omitting each study one at a time. Results: The meta-analysis included 31 observational studies relating hepatokine levels to GDM in 4729 participants (1908 GDM, 2821 non-GDM). Serum FGF21 levels in patients with GDM were higher than those in healthy pregnant women during the second trimester and after delivery (SMD 0.89, [95% CI] 0.01–1.78 for the second trimester; SMD 1.42, [95% CI] 0.86–1.98 for after delivery). The serum levels of afamin in patients with GDM were significantly higher than those in healthy pregnant women during the first trimester and before pregnancy (SMD 0.51, [95% CI] 0.15–0.86 for first trimester; SMD 0.97, [95% CI] 0.45–1.50 for before pregnancy). Serum adropin levels in patients with GDM were higher than those in healthy pregnant women during the first and third trimesters of pregnancy (SMD 4.26, [95% CI] 3.30–5.23 for the first trimester; SMD 4.02, [95% CI] 3.09–4.94 for the third trimester). The serum levels of ficolin-3 in GDM patients were higher than those in healthy pregnant women during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy (WMD 1.43, [95% CI] 0.91–1.96 for the second trimester; SMD 1.28, [95% CI] 0.72–1.84 for the third trimester). The serum AGF level of patients with GDM was higher than that of healthy pregnant women in the control group in the third trimester (WMD 61 [95% CI] 37.04–81.96). The serum levels of selenoprotein P in patients with GDM were higher than those in healthy pregnant women in the control group during the first trimester (WMD 7.09 [95% CI] 4.6–9.57). Conclusions: Measurement of circulating hepatokines in the first or second trimester of pregnancy may improve the identification of women at risk of developing GDM later. Prospective evaluation of the combination of hepatokines and maternal characteristics for early identification of those who do and do not require OGTT is warranted. Additional well-designed prospective studies with longitudinal assessment of hepatokines during pregnancy are needed to understand the trajectories and dynamic associations of hepatokines with GDM risk. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Sirtuins as regulators and the regulated molecules of exosomes; Sirtuins are important regulators of multiple biological processes under normal or diseased conditions. Exosomes as extracellular vesicles with a size range of ~30-150nm in diameter emerge as essential messengers for intercellular communication and play diversified roles in normal physiology and in acquired abnormalities. At present, not much is known about the connections between Sirtuins and exosomes. In this review, we attempt to survey the current literature, summarizing the known factors that could link these two crucial entities in biology, and propose Sirtuins to be regulators and the regulated molecules of exosomes. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The clinical impact of maternal weight on offspring health: lights and shadows in breast milk metabolome; Introduction: Pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity, depending on maternal nutrition and metabolic state, can influence fetal, neonatal, and long-term offspring health, regarding cardio-metabolic, respiratory, immunological, and cognitive outcomes. Thus, maternal weight can act, through mechanisms not fully understood, on the physiology and metabolism of some fetal organs and tissues, to adapt themselves to the intrauterine environment and nutritional reserves. These effects can occur by modulating gene expression, neonatal microbiome, and through breastfeeding. Areas Covered: In this paper, we investigated the potential effects of metabolites found altered in breast milk (BM) of overweight/obese mothers, through an extensive review of metabolomics studies, and the potential short and long-term clinical effects in the offspring, especially overweight, glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, infections, immune processes, neurodevelopment. Expert Opinion: Metabolomics seems the ideal tool to investigate BM variation depending on maternal or fetal/neonatal factors. In particular, BM metabolome alterations according to maternal conditions were recently pointed out in cases of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction and maternal overweight/obesity. In our opinion, even if BM is the food of choice in neonatal nutrition, the deepest comprehension of its composition in overweight/obese mothers could allow targeted supplementation, to improve offspring health and metabolic homeostasis. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The role of melatonin in type 2 diabetes and obesity; Melatonin is a hormone mainly synthesised in the pineal gland which is responsible for regulation of circadian and seasonal rhythms, as well as sleep. The highest concentration of melatonin in the plasma is attained during the night, whereas significantly lower concentration is reached during the day. In recent years scientists have been paying special attention to the contribution of melatonin in the metabolism of carbohydrates and lipids, in maintaining the fasting glucose level and in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and other civilization diseases. It was also established that there is a connection between statistically frequent variants of the gene MTNR1B, which encode the melatonin MT2 receptor (for instance rs10830963 SNP), and the development of type 2 diabetes. These reports are of significant importance because of the fact that the supplementation of agonists of melatonin receptors is widespread in the society, as these medicaments may be purchased in drug stores without any prescription in order to improve sleep initiation. These drugs are also applied to shift workers and people exposed to often changes of time zones. The mentioned groups of people have the disrupted circadian rhythm and are significantly vulnerable to the development of civilization diseases. Because of widespread use of these medicaments it is necessary to conduct research into the safety and efficacy of melatonin agonists among people who are burdened with risk factors of glucose tolerance disorders or obesity. In this article the actual knowledge about the role of melatonin in the regulation of glucose metabolism and in the pathogenesis of some civilization diseases is summarized. Furthermore, the connection between the presence of variants of the MTNR1B locus and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes among the people who are carriers of these loci is highlighted. Moreover, the potential therapeutic interventions are presented based on signaling pathway mediated by melatonin which could prevent from developing the civilization diseases. Also in the article there are proposed some ways to individualise therapies and suggestions about lifestyle changes which should be implemented especially in people being in high risk of developing the civilization diseases. © Farm Pol, 2021.
Endocrinological and metabolic characteristics in patients who are non-obese and have polycystic ovary syndrome and different types of a family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective: We aimed to investigate whether patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and a family history (FH) of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are at increased risk of endocrinological and metabolic abnormalities, and whether this risk differs between first-degree and second-degree relatives, and between maternal and paternal transmission. Methods: A total of 680 patients with PCOS were enrolled in this retrospective, single-center study. Endocrine and glycolipid metabolism parameters were compared. Results: The free androgen index (FAI), and levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly higher, whereas sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) levels were significantly lower in patients with PCOS and a FH of T2DM. In patients with PCOS with a FH of T2DM in first-degree relatives, age and levels of FBG, FINS, and HOMA-IR were significantly higher than those who had a FH of T2DM in second-degree relatives. A maternal history of T2DM was associated with a higher body mass index, FAI, and TG levels, and lower SHBG levels. Conclusions: Patients with PCOS and a FH of T2DM have more severe hyperandrogenism and metabolic disorders, especially in those with maternal transmission. © The Author(s) 2021.
Hepatic mediators of lipid metabolism and ketogenesis: Focus on fatty liver and diabetes; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disorder that it is caused by the absence of insulin secretion due to the inability of the pancreas to produce it (type 1 diabetes; T1D-M), or due to defects of insulin signaling in the peripheral tissues, resulting in insulin resistance (type 2 diabetes; T2DM). Commonly, the occurrence of insulin resistance in T2DM patients reflects the high prevalence of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in these individuals. In fact, approximately 60% of T2DM patients are also diagnosed to have NAFLD, and this condition is strongly linked with insulin resistance and obesity. NAFLD is the hepatic manifestation of obesity and metabolic syndrome and includes a spectrum of pathological conditions, which range from simple steatosis (NAFL), non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. NAFLD manifestation is followed by a series of hepatic lipid deregulations and the main abnormalities are increased triglyceride levels, increased hepatic production of VLDL and a reduction in VLDL catabolism. During the progression of NAFLD, the production of ketone bodies progressively reduces while hepatic glucose synthesis and output increases. In fact, most of the fat that enters the liver can be disposed of through ketogenesis, preventing the development of NAFLD and hyperglycemia. Objective: This review will focus on the pathophysiological aspect of hepatic lipid metabolism deregulation, ketogenesis, and its relevance in the progression of NAFLD and T2DM. Conclusion: A better understanding of the molecular mediators involved in lipid synthesis and ketogenesis can lead to new treatments for metabolic disorders in the liver, such as NAFLD. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Growth hormone receptor disrupts glucose homeostasis via promoting and stabilizing retinol binding protein 4; Rationale: The molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of systemic insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes remain elusive. Growth hormone receptor (GHR) deficiency has long been known to improved insulin sensitivity. However, whether hepatic GHR overexpression or activation is a cause of insulin resistance is still unknown. The aim of this study was to identify the new role of GHR in systemic insulin resistance and explore the underlying mechanism. Method: Different samples obtained from obese humans, ob/ob mice, db/db mice, high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice and primary mouse hepatocytes were used to evaluate the correlations between GHR and metabolic disorders. Recombinant adeno-associated viruses encoding GHR and STAT5 and GHR knockout mice were used to investigate the roles of hepatic GHR in glucose homeostasis. Tissue H&E, Oil Red O and PAS staining were performed for histomorphological analysis. Gel filtration chromatography was employed for the separation of serum RBP4-TTR complexes. Plasmids (related to GHR, STAT5 and HIF1α), siRNA oligos (siGHR and siSTAT5), luciferase activity and ChIP assays were used to explore the potential mechanism of hepatic GHR. Results: Here, we found that hepatic GHR expression was elevated during metabolic disorder. Accordingly, hepatic GHR overexpression disrupted systemic glucose homeostasis by promoting gluconeogenesis and disturbing insulin responsiveness in the liver. Meanwhile, hepatic GHR overexpression promoted lipolysis in white adipose tissue and repressed glucose utilization in skeletal muscle by promoting the circulating level of RBP4, which contributed to impaired systemic insulin action. A mechanistic study revealed that hepatic GHR disrupted systemic insulin sensitivity by increasing RBP4 transcription by activating STAT5. Additionally, overexpression of hepatic GHR promoted TTR transcriptional levels by enhancing the expression of HIF1α, which not only increased the protein stability of RBP4 but also inhibited renal clearance of RBP4 in serum. Conclusions: Hepatic GHR overexpression and activation accelerated systemic insulin resistance by increasing hepatic RBP4 production and maintaining circulating RBP4 homeostasis. Our current study provides novel insights into the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and its associated metabolic complications. © 2021 Ivyspring International Publisher. All rights reserved.
Natural Insulin Sensitizers for the Management of Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Possible Molecular Mechanisms; Diabetes mellitus is a growing health challenge globally which is increasing in epidemic proportion. Naturally occurring pharmacological agents are more likely to provide beneficial therapeutic effects without undesirable side effects compared to the synthetic agents. There is a growing evidence that some naturally occurring pharmacological agents derived from plants have potential antihyperglycemic effects. In this study, we have reviewed the molecular mechanism behind potential hypoglycemic properties of four well-known herbal-based agents, namely, ginger, curcumin, garlic, and cinnamon. Also, we present the related clinical data confirming experimental results aiming to develop novel therapeutic strategies based on these herbal agents potentially for the management of patients with diabetes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Dlk1 and nesfatin-1 levels and the relationship with metabolic parameters in polycystic ovary syndrome: Prospective, controlled study; Objective: Delta-like 1 (DLK1) is known to inhibit adipocyte differentiation and nesfatin-1 is a neuropeptide that plays a role in the regulation of nutrition and metabolism. We aimed to assess both the levels of DLK1 and nesfatin-1 in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and determine the association of DLK1 and nesfatin-1 with metabolic parameters. Materials and Methods: Forty-four patients with PCOS and 40 healthy women as the control group were included in this study. Venous blood samples of the participants were collected, and hormonal, metabolic parameters, DLK1 and nesfatin-1 blood levels were determined. Anthropometric parameters were also determined. For a double comparison, the Mann-Whitney U test was used for non-parametric numerical data, and Student’s t-test was used for parametric numerical data. Bivariate correlations were investigated using Spearman’s correlation analysis. The diagnostic performance of the parameters was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Results: The findings showed that DLK1 and nesfatin-1 levels were lower among the PCOS group, and the differences in these values were found to be statistically significant. A significant negative correlation was found between DLK1 levels and body mass index (BMI), waist/hip ratio, visceral adiposity index (VAI), fasting serum insulin (FSI), homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and triglyceride levels. A significant negative correlation was found between nesfatin-1 levels and BMI, VAI, FSI, HOMA-IR and triglyceride. Conclusion: The findings showed that DLK1 and nesfatin-1 levels were lower in PCOS. Based on this study, DLK1 may be culpable for metabolic disorders in PCOS and can be a novel marker for PCOS in the future. © 2021, Turkish Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology. All rights reserved.
A Novel Identified Peptide Hormone "metabolitin" Attenuates Lipid Absorption in the Small Intestine of Diabetic Mice with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease by Regulating Neurotensin and AMPK Signaling Pathway; Aim. The purpose of this study was to explore the effect of a novel identified peptide hormone "metabolitin"on lipid absorption in the small intestine of mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and potential mechanisms. Methods. T2DM was induced in mice by 4-6 weeks of high-fat diets followed by intraperitoneal injection of 35 mg/kg STZ. NAFLD was induced in diabetic mice by a month of high-fat diets. Oral administration of 4 pmol/g or 12 pmol/g metabolitin every two days was performed during one-month high-fat diets. Triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) detection and Oil Red O staining were performed to evaluate lipid absorption. The neurotensin (NT) levels in the intestinal tissues and serum were determined by ELISA. Lipogenesis-and lipolysis-related proteins, AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), and p-AMPK were examined by Western blot analysis. Results. It was found that glucose tolerance test (GTT), insulin tolerance test (ITT), TG, and TC indicated lower levels in the serum of NAFLD/T2DM mice receiving 4 pmol/g and 12 pmol/g metabolitin compared to the mice receiving normal saline (P<0.05). No significant difference was noted in the TC level of the feces among mice with different diets (P>0.05), but compared to NAFLD/T2DM mice with normal saline, the mice administrated with 4 pmol/g and 12 pmol/g metabolitin revealed much higher TG levels in the feces (P<0.05). The results of Oil Red O staining revealed that the intestinal epithelial cells of NAFLD/T2DM mice receiving 12 pmol/g metabolitin indicated resistance to lipid absorption and the area of staining was smaller than that of NAFLD/T2DM mice with normal saline (P<0.05). The NAFLD/T2DM mice receiving 4 pmol/g and 12 pmol/g metabolitin showed a higher extent of p-AMPK concomitant with lower levels of NT in the serum and small intestine than the mice with normal saline (P<0.05). Western blot analysis also suggested that NAFLD/T2DM mice receiving 4 pmol/g and 12 pmol/g metabolitin revealed lower expressions in fatty acid synthase (FAS), acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD-1), and sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor-1 (SREBP1) proteins and higher expressions in carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 (CPT1), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARα), and fatty acid translocase (CD36) proteins than NAFLD/T2DM mice with normal saline (P<0.05). Conclusion. According to the data we observed, oral administration of metabolitin could attenuate lipid absorption in the small intestine of NAFLD/T2DM mice, which may be a novel therapeutic approach for NAFLD/T2DM. © 2021 Peng Xu et al.
Oxidative Stress Profile of Mothers and Their Offspring after Maternal Consumption of High-Fat Diet in Rodents: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Maternal exposure to the high-fat diet (HFD) during gestation or lactation can be harmful to both a mother and offspring. The aim of this systematic review was to identify and evaluate the studies with animal models (rodents) that were exposed to the high-fat diet during pregnancy and/or lactation period to investigate oxidative stress and lipid and liver enzyme profile of mothers and their offspring. The electronic search was performed in the PUBMED (Public/Publisher MEDLINE), EMBASE (Ovid), and Web of Science databases. Data from 77 studies were included for qualitative analysis, and of these, 13 studies were included for meta-analysis by using a random effects model. The pooled analysis revealed higher malondialdehyde levels in offspring of high-fat diet groups. Furthermore, the pooled analysis showed increased reactive oxygen species and lower superoxide dismutase and catalase in offspring of mothers exposed to high-fat diet during pregnancy and/or lactation. Despite significant heterogeneity, the systematic review shows oxidative stress in offspring induced by maternal HFD.  © 2021 R. Q. Moraes-Souza et al.
A synthesis of pathways linking diet, metabolic risk and cardiovascular disease: A framework to guide further research and approaches to evidence-based practice; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common non-communicable disease occurring globally. Although previous literature have provided useful insights on the important role that diet play in CVD prevention and treatment, understanding the causal role of diets is a difficult task considering inherent and introduced weaknesses of observational (e.g., not properly addressing confounders and mediators) and experimental research designs (e.g., not appropriate or well-designed). In this narrative review, we organised current evidence linking diet, as well as conventional and emerging physiological risk factors with CVD risk, incidence and mortality in a series of diagrams. The diagrams presented can aid causal inference studies as they provide a visual representation of the types of studies underlying the associations between potential risk markers/factors for CVD. This may facilitate the selection of variables to be considered and the creation of analytical models. Evidence depicted in the diagrams was systematically collected from studies included in the British Nutrition Task Force report on Diet and CVD and database searches, including Medline and Embase. Although several markers and disorders linked to conventional and emerging risk factors for CVD were identified, the causal link between many remains unknown. There is a need to address the multifactorial nature of CVD and the complex interplay between conventional and emerging risk factors with natural and built environments, while bringing the life course and the role of additional environmental factors into the spotlight.  © The Author(s) 2021.
CHAPTER 13: Food Peptides in Energy Metabolism; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus, a chronic disease characterized by marked alterations in energy homeostasis, is increasing at rapid rates globally, fuelled in part by the obesity epidemic. Although diabetes can be managed using multi-drug therapies, the process is costly and is associated with negative side effects. Therefore, there is growing support for research examining the potential use of functional foods, specifically dietary peptides, for the treatment of diabetes in a safer and more cost-effective manner. This chapter summarizes and interprets the current understanding of bioactive food peptide production and analysis. Furthermore, the effects of milk-, soybean- and egg-derived bioactive peptides on energy and glucose homeostasis are examined in preclinical and clinical models of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.  © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2021.
Influence of ursodeoxycholic acid therapy on levels of fibroblast growth factor 21, adiponectin and biochemical parameters in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; The aim was to assess whether fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) and adiponectin influence intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) pathogenesis and whether ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) has an impact on their levels. 50 pregnant women with ICP (ICP PW), 50 with uncomplicated pregnancy (HPW) and 50 healthy nonpregnant women (HW) were included. In ICP PW the first blood sample was drawn at the time of diagnosis, while in HPW it was drawn in the 28th week of pregnancy. The next blood samples were drawn in the 32nd and 36th week of pregnancy and one day after delivery. UDCA was administered when ICP was diagnosed. In ICP PW serum FGF-21 concentration was the lowest at the time of diagnosis with an evident increase after UDCA administration. Serum FGF-21 levels were significantly higher in ICP PW than in HPW from the first to the last measurement. There was a negative association between adiponectin and bile acids (BAs) levels in the later stage of pregnancy in ICP PW. Up-regulated FGF-21 serum levels in ICP patients compared to HPW persisted after delivery, suggesting its role in disease pathophysiology. The negative association between serum adiponectin and BAs of the later stage of pregnancy may suggest its role in regulation of BAs concentration. UDCA exerts a beneficial effect on insulin sensitivity and up-regulates FGF-21 in ICP. © 2021 Termedia Publishing House Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Toxicity of bisphenol analogues on the reproductive, nervous, and immune systems, and their relationships to gut microbiome and metabolism: insights from a multi-species comparison; Bisphenols are common chemicals found in plastics and epoxy resins. Over the past decades, many studies have shown that bisphenol A (BPA) is a potential endocrine-disrupting chemical that may cause multisystem toxicity. However, the relative safety of BPA analogues is a controversial subject. Herein, we conducted a review of the reproductive toxicity, neurotoxicity, immunotoxicity, metabolic toxicity and gut microbiome toxicity of the BPA analogues in various species, including Caenorhabditis elegans, zebrafish, turtles, sheep, rodents, and humans. In addition, the mechanisms of action were discussed with focus on bisphenol S and bisphenol F. It was found that these BPA analogues exert their toxic effects on different organs and systems through various mechanisms including epigenetic modifications and effects on cell signaling pathways, microbiome, and metabolome in different species. More research is needed to study the relative toxicity of the lesser-known BPA analogues compared to BPA, both systemically and organ specifically, and to better define the underlying mechanisms of action, in particular, the potentials of disrupting microbiome and metabolism. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Phytocannabinoids—A green approach toward non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease treatment; Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most frequent chronic liver disease in adults in developed countries, with a global prevalence as high as one billion. The pathogenesis of NAFLD is a multifactorial and multi‐step process. Nowadays, a growing body of research suggests the considerable role of the endocannabinoid system (ECS) as a complex cell‐signaling system in NAFLD development. Although increased endocannabinoid tone in the liver highly contributes to NAFLD development, the complex effects and impacts of plant‐derived cannabinoids in the aspect of NAFLD pathophysiology are yet not fully understood, and effective medications are still in de-mand. In our review, we present the latest reports describing the role of ECS in NAFLD, focusing primarily on two types of cannabinoid receptors. Moreover, we sum up the recent literature on the clinical use of natural cannabinoids in NAFLD treatment. This review is useful for understanding the importance of ECS in NAFLD development, and it also provides the basis for more extensive clinical phytocannabinoids testing in patients suffering from NAFLD. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adcy5, capn10 and jazf1 gene polymorphisms and placental expression in women with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance that occurs during pregnancy. This disease may lead to various maternal and neonatal complications; therefore, early diagnosis is very important. Because of the similarity in pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and GDM, the genetic variants associated with type 2 diabetes are commonly investigated in GDM. The aim of the present study was to examine the associations between the polymorphisms in the ADCY5 (rs11708067, rs2877716), CAPN10 (rs2975760, rs3792267), and JAZF1 (rs864745) genes and GDM as well as to determine the expression of these genes in the placenta. This study included 272 pregnant women with GDM and 348 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance. The diagnosis of GDM was based on a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 24–28 weeks gestation, according to International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. There were no statistically significant differences in the distribution of the ADCY5 gene (rs11708067, rs2877716) and CAPN10 gene (rs2975760, rs3792267) polymorphisms between pregnant women with normal carbohydrate tolerance and pregnant women with GDM. We have shown a lower frequency of JAZF1 gene rs864745 C allele carriers among women with GDM CC + CT vs. TT (OR = 0.60, 95% CI = 0.41–0.87, p = 0.006), and C vs. T (OR = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.60–0.95, p = 0.014). In addition, ADCY5 and JAZF1 gene expression was statistically significantly increased in the placentas of women with GDM compared with that of healthy women. The expression of the CAPN10 gene did not differ significantly between women with and without GDM. Our results indicate increased expression of JAZF1 and ADCY5 genes in the placentas of women with GDM as well as a protective effect of the C allele of the JAZF1 rs864745 gene polymorphism on the development of GDM in pregnant women. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sirtuins, mitochondria, and exercise in health and disease; Energy demand in heart and skeletal muscle changes enormously in response to physical exercise. Commensurate with altered energy demand cellular energy supply has to adapt which requires regulatory elements. Energy is mainly generated via mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation by the respiratory chain. Mechanical muscle twitching is mediated by cytosolic calcium transients which translate into mitochondrial calcium transients and are prone to regulate energy metabolism. Calcium can upregulate enzymes of the citric acid cycle, fatty acid oxidation, and respiratory chain, all located in mitochondria. Furthermore, sirtuins are important regulators of energy metabolism; especially sirtuins 1 and 3 are upregulated during exercise. Sirtuin 1 has a positive effect on mitochondrial biogenesis, thus increasing the capacity of mitochondrial energy supply. Furthermore, sirtuin 3 upregulates different intramitochondrial enzymes, thus increasing energy supply, NAD+ (which accumulates during exercise), as a substrate of sirtuins, is able to upregulate sirtuin flux in a feed-forward manner. There is also exercise-dependent upregulation of NAD+ synthesis. Sirtuin 4 regulates long-chain fatty acid oxidation by inhibiting malonyl CoA carboxylase. Elevated levels of malonyl CoA inhibit mitochondrial uptake of long-chain fatty acids. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Adipocyte, immune cells, and mirna crosstalk: A novel regulator of metabolic dysfunction and obesity; Obesity is characterized as a complex and multifactorial excess accretion of adipose tissue (AT) accompanied with alterations in the immune response that affects virtually all age and socioeconomic groups around the globe. The abnormal accumulation of AT leads to several metabolic diseases, including nonalcoholic fatty liver disorder (NAFLD), low-grade inflammation, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), cardiovascular disorders (CVDs), and cancer. AT is an endocrine organ composed of adipocytes and immune cells, including B-Cells, T-cells and macrophages. These immune cells secrete various cytokines and chemokines and crosstalk with adipokines to maintain metabolic homeostasis and low-grade chronic inflammation. A novel form of adipokines, microRNA (miRs), is expressed in many developing peripheral tissues, including ATs, T-cells, and macrophages, and modulates the immune response. miRs are essential for insulin resistance, maintaining the tumor microenvironment, and obesity-associated inflammation (OAI). The abnormal regulation of AT, T-cells, and macrophage miRs may change the function of different organs including the pancreas, heart, liver, and skeletal muscle. Since obesity and inflammation are closely associated, the dysregulated expression of miRs in inflammatory adipocytes, T-cells, and macrophages suggest the importance of miRs in OAI. Therefore, in this review article, we have elaborated the role of miRs as epigenetic regulators affecting adipocyte differentiation, immune response, AT browning, adipogenesis, lipid metabolism, insulin resistance (IR), glucose homeostasis, obesity, and metabolic disorders. Further, we will discuss a set of altered miRs as novel biomarkers for metabolic disease progression and therapeutic targets for obesity. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Roles of Liver Inflammation and the Insulin Signaling Pathway in PM2.5 Instillation-Induced Insulin Resistance in Wistar Rats; To elucidate the mechanism of how the liver participates in PM2.5-caused insulin resistance. A novel Wistar rat model was developed in this study by instilling a suspension of lyophilized PM2.5 sample (2.5 mg/kg, 5 mg/kg, or 10 mg/kg) collected from the atmosphere. Systemic insulin resistance indicators, including serum fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), and hemoglobin A1 (HbA1), were upregulated by the PM2.5 instillation. The area under the curve (AUCglu) calculated by intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing (IPGTT) was also significantly greater in the PM2.5 instillation groups. Additionally, PM2.5 instillation was found to cause liver damage and inflammation. The serum levels of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), total bilirubin (TBIL), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were significantly elevated by PM2.5 instillation. PM2.5 also triggered IL-6 and TNF-α transcription but inhibited mRNA synthesis and suppressed signaling activation of the insulin-phosphoinositide 3-kinase- (PI3K-) Akt-glucose transporter 2 (GLUT2) pathway in the rat liver by reducing the ratio of phosphorylated Akt to phosphorylated insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1). Thus, PM2.5-induced inflammation activation and insulin signaling inhibition in the rat liver contribute to the development of systemic insulin resistance. © 2021 Zhihua Zhang et al.
Methodological considerations for measuring biofluid-based microRNA biomarkers; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNA that regulate the expression of messenger RNA and are implicated in almost all cellular processes. Importantly, miRNAs can be released extracellularly and are stable in these matrices where they may serve as indicators of organ or cell-specific toxicity, disease, and biological status. There has thus been great enthusiasm for developing miRNAs as biomarkers of adverse outcomes for scientific, regulatory, and clinical purposes. Despite advances in measurement capabilities for miRNAs, miRNAs are still not routinely employed as noninvasive biomarkers. This is in part due to the lack of standard approaches for sample preparation and miRNA measurement and uncertainty in their biological interpretation. Members of the microRNA Biomarkers Workgroup within the Health and Environmental Sciences Institute’s (HESI) Committee on Emerging Systems Toxicology for the Assessment of Risk (eSTAR) are a consortium of private- and public-sector scientists dedicated to developing miRNAs as applied biomarkers. Here, we explore major impediments to routine acceptance and use of miRNA biomarkers and case examples of successes and deficiencies in development. Finally, we provide insight on miRNA measurement, collection, and analysis tools to provide solid footing for addressing knowledge gaps toward routine biomarker use. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Maternal lipid levels in pregnant women without complications in developing risk of large for gestational age newborns: a study of meta-analysis [version 2; peer review: 2 approved]; Background: Circulating into foetal circulation across the placental barrier, abnormal maternal serum lipids predispose neonates to metabolic dysfunction and thereafter affect the steroid metabolism and functions of extra-embryonic foetal tissues. Methods: A systematic review was conducted by searching PubMed–MEDLINE and the Cochrane library between January 2010 and January 2020. The included studies were English case controlstudies that described original data on at least one raw lipid measurement during pregnancy in healthy women who deliveredlarge for gestational age (LGA) newborns and in healthy women with non-LGA newborns. The data extracted from 12 studies were pooled, and the weighted mean difference (WMD) in lipid levels was calculated using random effects models. A meta-analysis was performed to identify sources of heterogeneity and to describe the significant value of the collected studies. Results: Of 649 published articles identified, a total of 12 met the inclusion criteria. Compared with women who had non-LGA newborns, those who had LGA newborns had significantly higher triglyceride (TG) levels (WMD = 0.28, 95% CI −0.02 to 0.54) and lower high density lipoprotein cholestrol (HDL-C) levels (WMD = 0.08, 95% CI−0.13 to −0.03), but not have significantly lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Moreover, the levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) were inconsistent between both groups. Conclusions: High levels of TG and low levels of HDL-C could cause births of LGA newborns whereas maternal serum of TC, LDL-C and VLDL-C cannot be used as predictor of LGA © 2021. Mahindra MP et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited
Significantly Decreased Islet β Cell Function is Closely Associated with Hyperglycemia in Chronic Hepatitis B Patients; Aim. This study is aimed at the characteristics of glucose metabolism and islet β cell function evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment of β cell function (HOMA-β) value and its risk factors in chronic hepatitis B (CHB) patients. Method. This cross-sectional study recruited 110 CHB patients (CHB group) and 110 patients without hepatitis B virus (non-HBV group); the groups were matched according to sex, age, and body mass index under the same glucose metabolism status. The risk factors, characteristics, and differences in glucose metabolism and HOMA-β values between the two groups were analyzed. Results. The abnormal glucose metabolism rate was higher in CHB patients with liver cirrhosis (LC) or hepatitis B envelope antigen (HBeAg) (-) status. In addition, under the same glucose metabolism status, the fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels and 2-hour postprandial plasma glucose (2h-PG) levels in the CHB group were higher, while the HOMA-β values were significantly lower and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) value was not higher than that in the non-HBV group (all P<0.0001). Further analyses revealed that the main risk factors for abnormal glucose metabolism were HBeAg (-) status and hepatitis B envelope antibody levels. But HBV serological and virological indicators had no effects on the HOMA-β values. Conclusion. Islet β cell function in patients with CHB was compromised, which is closely associated with fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia in chronic hepatitis B patients. Further research should be done to verify the compromised islet β cell function and then to investigate the mechanisms behind the effect of hepatitis B virus infection on islet β cell function in CHB patients. © 2021 Dafeng Liu et al.
Trend research of vitamin D receptor: Bibliometric analysis; Studies on vitamin D receptor (VDR) and its association with multiple disorders are expanding. This bibliometric study aims to find and summarize VDR-related publications, and compare them across various countries, organizations, and journals to demonstrate trends in VDR research. VOSviewer and Excel 2019 were used to classify and summarize Web of Science articles from 1900 to mid-2021. Total records of 8762 articles were analyzed, and maps of co-citations bibliometric keywords co-occurrence were designed. In conclusion, relative research interest and published papers related to VDR were growing in the past 30 years. The United States of America dominates the research regarding VDR. The highest quality of VDR research was achieved by the University of California System, University of Wisconsin System, and Harvard University. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol, PLoS One, and J Biol Chem are the leading three productive journals on VDR. Various aspects of vitamin D deficiency associated disorders and genetic studies regarding VDR, including single nucleotide polymorphism, gene variants, epigenome, long non-coding ribonucleic acid (lncRNA), and small nucleolar RNA host gene 6 are potentially the recent research hotspot in this field. Moreover, coronavirus disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, gut microbiota, gestational diabetes, systemic sclerosis, and chemoresistance are the trending medical conditions associated with VDR. © The Author(s) 2021.
Therapeutics for type-2 diabetes mellitus: a glance at the recent inclusions and novel agents under development for use in clinical practice; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic, progressive, and multifaceted illness resulting in significant physical and psychological detriment to patients. As of 2019, 463 million people are estimated to be living with DM worldwide, out of which 90% have type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Over the years, significant progress has been made in identifying the risk factors for developing T2DM, understanding its pathophysiology and uncovering various metabolic pathways implicated in the disease process. This has culminated in the implementation of robust prevention programmes and the development of effective pharmacological agents, which have had a favourable impact on the management of T2DM in recent times. Despite these advances, the incidence and prevalence of T2DM continue to rise. Continuing research in improving efficacy, potency, delivery and reducing the adverse effect profile of currently available formulations is required to keep pace with this growing health challenge. Moreover, new metabolic pathways need to be targeted to produce novel pharmacotherapy to restore glucose homeostasis and address metabolic sequelae in patients with T2DM. We searched PubMed, MEDLINE, and Google Scholar databases for recently included agents and novel medication under development for treatment of T2DM. We discuss the pathophysiology of T2DM and review how the emerging anti-diabetic agents target the metabolic pathways involved. We also look at some of the limiting factors to developing new medication and the introduction of unique methods, including facilitating drug delivery to bypass some of these obstacles. However, despite the advances in the therapeutic options for the treatment of T2DM in recent years, the industry still lacks a curative agent. © The Author(s), 2021.
Serum Fetuin-B Levels Are Elevated in Women with Metabolic Syndrome and Associated with Increased Oxidative Stress; Previous studies on serum fetuin-B (fetuin-like protein IRL685) have investigated its association with T2DM; however, the reason for the variation in serum fetuin-B and its regulatory factors in metabolic disease remain unclear. Here, we evaluated serum fetuin-B levels in women with newly diagnosed MetS and performed multiple interventions to investigate the role of fetuin-B in the pathogenesis of MetS. Serum fetuin-B levels were assessed using ELISA. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to analyze fetuin-B-related genes and signaling pathways. Additionally, oxidative stress parameters were measured in the in vitro study. For subgroup analyses, we performed EHC, OGTT, and treatment with a GLP-1RA to investigate the regulatory factors of serum fetuin-B. We found that in comparison with healthy subjects, serum fetuin-B levels were markedly increased in women with MetS. Further, serum fetuin-B showed a positive correlation with WHR, FAT%, TG, FBG, HbA1c, FIns, HOMA-IR, VAI, and LAP. Bioinformatics analysis revealed that most fetuin-B-related core genes were involved in cholesterol metabolism and fat decomposition. Consistent with this finding, multivariate regression analysis showed that triglyceride content and WHR were independently associated with serum fetuin-B. We also observed that serum fetuin-B levels were markedly elevated in healthy subjects after glucose loading and in women with MetS during EHC. In vitro, overexpression of fetuin-B promoted oxidative stress in HepG2 cell. After 6 months of treatment with a GLP-1RA, serum fetuin-B levels in women with MetS decreased following an improvement in metabolism and insulin sensitivity. Therefore, serum fetuin-B is associated with MetS, which may serve as a biomarker of oxidative stress. This trial is registered with ChiCTR-OCC-11001422.  © 2021 Shiyao Xue et al.
Aberrantly expressed non-coding RNAs in the placenta and their role in the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the most common complications during pregnancy, is associated with a high risk of short-and long-term adverse effects on the mother and offspring. Placenta-derived hormones and cytokines aggravate maternal insulin resistance (IR) during pregnancy, which in turn contribute to GDM. The hypergly-cemia and IR in GDM result in aberrant placental structure and function adversely affecting fetal growth and well-being. Therefore, it is reasonable to assume that structural and functional alterations in the placenta contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM and GDM-related complications. Increasing evidence suggests that multiple non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs, long non-coding RNAs, and circular RNAs, are dysregu-lated in placentas of patients with GDM and linked to abnormal placental structure, meta-bolism, and function. Manipulation of ncRNA expression led to some key pathophysiological features of GDM, such as trophoblast dysfunction, changes in intracel-lular glucose metabolism, and inflammation. Moreover, placenta-specific ncRNAs may be potential diagnostic biomarkers and even therapeutic targets for GDM. This review sum-marizes data published on the involvement of aberrantly expressed placental ncRNAs in GDM and provides information on their role in the pathogenesis of GDM and GDM-associated complications. © 2021 Du et al.
Vitamin B12 induces hepatic fatty infiltration through altered fatty acid metabolism; Background/Aims: Rise in global incidence of obesity impacts metabolic health. Evidence from human and animal models show association of vitamin B12 (B12) deficiency with elevated BMI and lipids. Human adipocytes demonstrated dysregulation of lipogenesis by low B12 via hypomethylation and altered microRNAs. It is known de novo hepatic lipogenesis plays a key role towards dyslipidaemia, however, whether low B12 affects hepatic metabolism of lipids is not explored. Methods: HepG2 was cultured in B12-deficient EMEM medium and seeded in different B12 media: 500nM(control), 1000pM(1nM), 100pM and 25pM(low) B12. Lipid droplets were examined by Oil Red O (ORO) staining using microscopy and then quantified by elution assay. Gene expression were assessed with real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and intracellular triglycerides were quantified using commercial kit (Abcam, UK) and radiochemical assay. Fatty acid composition was measured by gas chromatography and mitochondrial function by seahorse XF24 flux assay. Results: HepG2 cells in low B12 had more lipid droplets that were intensely stained with ORO compared with control. The total intracellular triglyceride and incorporation of radio-labelled-fatty acid in triglyceride synthesis were increased. Expression of genes regulating fatty acid, triglyceride and cholesterol biosynthesis were upregulated. Absolute concentrations of total fatty acids, saturated fatty acids (SFAs), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), trans-fatty acids and individual even-chain and odd-chain fatty acids were significantly increased. Also, low B12 impaired fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial functional integrity in HepG2 compared with control. Conclusion: Our data provide novel evidence that low B12 increases fatty acid synthesis and levels of individual fatty acids, and decreases fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial respiration, thus resulting in dysregulation of lipid metabolism in HepG2. This highlights the potential significance of de novo lipogenesis and warrants possible epigenetic mechanisms of low B12. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Cell Physiol Biochem Press GmbH&Co. KG
Unravelling polycystic ovary syndrome and its comorbidities; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a chronic multisystem endocrine disorder that affects women of reproductive age. In the ovary, the dynamic balance between dormant and growing follicles that culminates in ovulation becomes dysfunctional in the presence of excessive androgen production (ovarian/adrenal/peripheral). Moreover, hyperandrogenicity in pregnancy affects fetal development in utero and is linked to maternal pregnancy complications. Hormonal imbalance, ovarian dysfunction, and central obesity often emerge in these patients during adolescence. Once disordered physiological changes develop in PCOS, a vicious cycle ensues, leading to reproductive, metabolic, and psychological comorbidities. With the alarming increase of the number of young adults with a high degree of obesity in Korea, the prevalence of PCOS has also considerably increased. Timely and accurate screening, multicomponent healthy lifestyle modifications for both patients and family members, and comprehensive medical interventions based on international evidence-based guidelines are essential for curtailing PCOS and its comorbidities. Copyright © 2021 Korean Society for the Study of Obesity
Autophagy in ovary and polycystic ovary syndrome: role, dispute and future perspective; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a unification of endocrine and metabolic disorders and has become immensely prevalent among women of fertile age. The prime organ affected in PCOS is the ovary and its distressed functioning elicits disturbed reproductive outcomes. In the ovary, macroautophagy/autophagy performs a pivotal role in directing the chain of events starting from oocytes origin until its fertilization. Recent discoveries demonstrate a significant role of autophagy in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Defective autophagy in the follicular cells during different stages of follicles is observed in the PCOS ovary. Exploring different autophagy pathways provides a platform for predicting the possible cause of altered ovarian physiology in PCOS. In this review, we have emphasized autophagy’s role in governing follicular development under normal circumstances and in PCOS, including significant abnormalities associated with PCOS such as anovulation, hyperandrogenemia, metabolic disturbances, and related abnormality. So far, few studies have linked autophagy and PCOS and propose its essential role in PCOS progression. However, detailed knowledge in this area is lacking. Here we have summarized the latest knowledge related to autophagy associated with PCOS. This review’s main objective is to provide a background of autophagy in the ovary, its possible connection with PCOS and suggested a novel proposal for future studies to aid a better understanding of PCOS pathogenesis. Abbreviations: AE: androgen excess; AF: antral follicle; AKT/PKB: AKT serine/threonine kinase; AMH: anti-Mullerian hormone; AMPK: AMP-activated protein kinase; ATG: autophagy-related; BCL2: BCL2 apoptosis regulator; BECN1: beclin 1; BMP: bone morphogenetic protein; CASP3: caspase 3; CL: corpus luteum; CYP17A1/P450C17: cytochrome P450 family 17 subfamily A member 1; CYP19A1: cytochrome P450 family 19 subfamily A member 1; DHEA: dehydroepiandrosterone; EH: endometrial hyperplasia; FF: follicular fluid; FOXO: forkhead box O; FSH: follicle stimulating hormone; GC: granulosa cell; GDF: growth differentiation factor; HA: hyperandrogenemia; HMGB1: high mobility group box 1; IGF1: insulin like growth factor 1; INS: insulin; IR: insulin resistance; LHCGR/LHR: luteinizing hormone/choriogonadotropin receptor; MAP1LC3B/LC3B: microtubule associated protein 1 light chain 3 beta; MAPK/ERK: mitogen-activated protein kinase; MAPK8/JNK: mitogen-activated protein kinase 8; MTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase; MTORC: mechanistic target of rapamycin complex; NAFLD: nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; NFKB: nuclear factor kappa B; OLR1/LOX-1: oxidized low density lipoprotein receptor 1; oxLDL: oxidized low-density lipoproteins; PA: palmitic acid; PCOS: polycystic ovary syndrome; PF: primary follicle; PGC: primordial germ cell; PI3K: phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PMF: primordial follicle; ROS: reactive oxygen species; RP: resting pool; SIRT1: sirtuin 1; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1; T2DM: type 2 diabetes mellitus; TC: theca cell; TUG1: taurine up-regulated 1. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The therapeutic use of the zonulin inhibitor at-1001 (Larazotide) for a variety of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases; Background: The involvement of intercellular tight junctions and, in particular, the modulation of their competency by the zonulin pathway with a subsequent increase in epithelial and endothelial permeability, has been described in several chronic and acute inflammatory diseases. In this scenario, Larazotide, a zonulin antagonist, could be employed as a viable therapeutic strategy. Objective: The present review aims to describe recent research and current observations about zonulin involvement in several diseases and the use of its inhibitor Larazotide for their treatment. Methods: A systematic search was conducted on PubMed and Google Scholar, resulting in 209 publications obtained with the following search query: “Larazotide,” “Larazotide acetate,” “AT-1001,” “FZI/0” and “INN-202.” After careful examination, some publications were removed from consideration because they were either not in English or were not directly related to Larazotide. Results: The obtained publications were subdivided according to Larazotide’s mechanism of action and different diseases: celiac disease, type 1 diabetes, other autoimmune diseases, inflammatory bowel disease, Kawasaki disease, respiratory (infective and/or non-infective) diseases, and other. Conclusion: A substantial role of zonulin in many chronic and acute inflammatory diseases has been demonstrated in both in vivo and in vitro, indicating the possible efficacy of a Larazotide treatment. Moreover, new possible molecular targets for this molecule have also been demonstrated. © 2021, Bentham Science Publishers. All rights reserved.
INTERDISCIPLINARY CLINICAL PRACTICE GUIDELINES "MANAGEMENT of OBESITY and ITS COMORBIDITIES"; Clinical guidelines have long been one of the working tools of the modern doctor, helping him quickly navigate the most effective proven methods of treatment and prevention of various diseases, and also to adapt these methods to the specific tasks of their patients and to achieve maximum personalization of treatment. Clinical practice guidelines are drawn up by professional non-profit associations and are approved by the Scientific Council of the Ministry of Health of the Russian Federation, while often one recommendation is prepared by two or even three associations. The peculiarity of the recommendations offered to your attention is that not only endocrinologists, but also therapists, cardiologists, gynecologists, gastroenterologists, and experts of many other specialties are involved in the prevention and treatment of obesity. The Multidisciplinary Working Group presents this a project in a multidisciplinary journal to bring together the efforts of several professional associations that associated with the need to pay attention not only to obesity itself but also to comorbid conditions. We are looking forward to constructive criticism and a comprehensive discussion of the problem on the pages of our journal. © 2021 Russian Association of Endocrinologists. All rights reserved.
Mir-140-5p aggravates insulin resistance via directly targeting gys1 and ppp1cc in insulin-resistant hepg2 cells; Background: Much attention has been paid to the regulatory role of microRNA (miRNA) in insulin resistance. Nevertheless, how miR-140-5p regulates insulin resistance remains unclear. In this research, we aim to investigate the roles of miR-140-5p in insulin resistance. Methods: qRT-PCR is used to analyze the expression level of miR-140-5p in insulin-resistant HepG2 cells. Glucose consumption and glucose uptake are detected to study the effect of miR-140-5p knockdown in insulin-resistant HepG2 cells and miR-140-5p over-expression in HepG2 cells. Bioinformatic analysis, luciferase reporter assay and confirmatory experiments are applied to identify the target gene bound with miR-140-5p and study the effect of miR-140-5p on the downstream substrates of target genes. Rescue experiments have verified the roles of miR-140-5p and target gene in glucose metabolism. Results: The expression level of miR-140-5p was upregulated in insulin-resistant HepG2 cells and was significantly correlated with cellular glucose metabolism. Functionally, miR-140-5p overexpression induced impairment of glucose consumption and glucose uptake. Besides, bioinformatics analysis indicated that glycogen synthetase (GYS1) and protein phosphatase 1 catalytic subunit gamma (PPP1CC) were the target genes of miR-140-5p. Western blotting and qRT-PCR results revealed a negative correlation between GYS1, PPP1CC and miR-140-5p. The glycogen detection results showed that miR140-5p inhibited the production of the downstream substrates of the target gene. Rescue experiments showed that inhibition of GYS1 or PPP1CC partially enhanced the insulin-resistant effects of miR-140-5p knockdown in insulin-resistant HepG2 cells. Conclusion: miR-140-5p overexpression augments the development of insulin resistance and miR-140-5p may be served as a therapeutic target of metabolic diseases. © 2021 Li et al.
Health effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in common diseases; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as alpha-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic, and docosahexaenoic acids mostly exist in marine-derived foods, and have shown beneficial effects for hypertriglyceridemia, endothelial function, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Studies suggest that n-3 PUFAs can regulate the activity of NF-κB, Nrf2, SREBP-1c, and PPARα, which are linked to inflammations, ROS homeostasis, and lipid metabolism. Several epidemiological trials and physiological studies indicated protective effect of n-3 PUFAs against various common diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. This review summarises the findings of many such studies highlighting the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs © 2021,International Food Research Journal.All Rights Reserved
Review of scientific facts and current explanations of the obesity epidemic; Objective: to review the singular facts of obesity, as well as the explanations of its prevalence; with the purpose of forming a state of the art that contributes to the lines of research that favor the reduction of this pandemic. Methods: in 2020, review articles were managed from the Web of Science database, from the Public environmental occupational health category. The profile and search strategy was Obesity in the Title field, AND (pollution OR contamination AND epigenetic* AND alimentation OR nutrition OR diet) in the Themes field. No time limit was established; Obtaining 159 articles that were exported in RIS format to the EndNote® reference manager and a library was created in which the full texts or links of the articles were collected. Worksheets were prepared that were subjected to a thematic content analysis to recognize the facts and explanations about obesity and its prevalence. Results: three scientific facts about obesity were identified: Its definition and classification, obesity as a public health problem and its comorbidities and ten current explanations of the prevalence of obesity: Hypothesis of the body weight set point, stress, metabolic alterations, environment obesogenic, failure of treatment at the individual and collective level, environmental contamination, Origins of the Development of Health and Disease, alterations of the microbiota, genetic and epigenetic explanations. Discussion: the facts and scientific explanations of the obesity epidemic need to be organized with a causal logic supported by the Rothman model because it is a multifactorial pathology. It is recommended that research groups analyze the information presented in this review to design hypothesis systems based on the typologies of causes according to Rothman, applied to the epidemic of childhood obesity and the prevalence of obesity in women. © 2021 Academia de Ciencias Médicas de Bilbao. All rights reserved.
Reciprocal Translation Between Pathophysiology and Practice in Health and Disease; Reciprocal Translation Between Pathophysiology and Practice in Health and Disease brings a novel perspective, closing the knowledge gap between normal/abnormal physiology. Chapters describe the basic mechanisms underlying a disease or trauma-related response, describe consequences in practice, and provide insights on how to use information to better understand disease outcomes. Other sections explore how these responses are beneficial and driven by similar hormones and inflammatory immune cell derived modulators. This is a must-have resource for those seeking an authoritative and comprehensive understanding on how to treat the basic mechanisms underlying disease or trauma-related responses. With contributions from Petronella L.M. Reijven. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Contribution of rs780094 and rs1260326 polymorphisms in gckr gene to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A meta-analysis involving 26,552 participants; Background: Many published studies attempted to elucidate the implication of glucokinase regulator gene (GCKR) polymorphisms in the susceptibility to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the results among them were still controversial. Objective: This meta-analysis aims to precisely assess the relationship between the GCKR polymorphisms and the risk of NAFLD. Methods: Systematic computerized searches in six databases were performed and updated on April 6, 2020. Meta-analyses were conducted by calling the R programs based on accumulated epidemiological data. Odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidential interval (CI) were calculated to summarize the effect estimates. Results: In total, 25 studies including 6,598 cases and 19,954 controls were included. The pooled estimates indicated that the T allele carrier of the GCKR rs780094 polymorphism has predisposition to NAFLD (allele model: OR: 1.20, 95% CI: 1.11~1.29; homozygote model: OR: 1.38, 95% CI: 1.15~1.67; heterozygote model: OR: 1.25, 95% CI: 1.12~1.39; dominant model: OR: 1.29, 95% CI: 1.13~1.47; recessive model: OR: 1.18, 95% CI: 1.06~1.31), and the same as the rs1260326 polymorphism (allele model: OR: 1.32, 95% CI: 1.22~1.42; homozygote model: OR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.40~1.94; heterozygote model: OR: 1.24, 95% CI: 1.07~1.43; dominant model: OR: 1.39, 95% CI: 1.21~1.59; recessive model: OR: 1.44, 95% CI: 1.28~1.62). Further stratified analyses according to age and ethnicity confirmed the statistical existence in most subgroups. Conclusion: This meta-analysis suggested that both of the GCKR rs780094 and rs1260326 polymorphisms are significantly associated with the increased risk of NAFLD. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
The relationship between gestational diabetes and subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnancy: A narrative study; Introduction: Thyroid disorders and gestational diabetes are the most common endocrine disorders during pregnancy. Given the important role of thyroid hormones in glucose metabolism and homeostasis, it seems that thyroid disorders can have significant effects on glucose metabolism and insulin secretion and may contribute to gestational diabetes. This review aimed to investigate the association between gestational diabetes and subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnancy. Results: The results of previous studies on the relationship between hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes are inconsistent. Evidence suggests an association between thyroid autoimmune disorders and gestational diabetes. Conclusions: Considering the differences in race, geographic region, genetic factors, environmental factors, diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes, and the cut-off thresholds for thyroid function during pregnancy in different studies, it is not possible to confirm the association between gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism in pregnancy. © 2021, Research Institute for Endocrine Sciences. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-associated diabetes insipidus in japan—a review based on quoting from the literatures reported during the period from 1982 to 2019; This Review Article overviews the literature on diabetes insipidus (DI) associated with pregnancy and labor in Japan published from 1982 to 2019. The total number of patients collected was 361, however, only one-third of these cases had detailed pathophysiologic information enabling us to identify the respective etiology and subtype. Pregnancy associated DI can be divided into 3 etiologies, central (neurogenic) DI, nephrogenic DI, and excess vasopressinase associated DI. Neurogenic DI has various causes: For example, DI associated with tumoral lesions in the pituitary and neighboring area, DI associated with Sheehan’s syndrome and/or pituitary apoplexy, and DI associated with lymphocytic infundibuloneurohypophysitis (LINH, stalkitis). Nephrogenic DI results from defective response of the kidney to normal levels of vasopressin. However, the most interesting causal factor of pregnancy-associated DI is excess vasopressinase, caused either by excess production of vasopressinase by the placenta or defective clearance of vasopressinase by the liver. Hepatic complications resulting in pregnancy-associated DI include acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) and HELLP syndrome (syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets), as well as pre-existing or co-incidental hepatic diseases. A possible role of glucose uptake in putative stress-induced DI and the importance of correct diagnosis and treatment of pregnancy-associated DI, including use of 1-deamino 8-D arginine vasopressin, are also discussed. © The Japan Endocrine Society.
Proteomics Analysis of Serum Proteins in Gestational Diabetes; Objective. The purpose of this study was to screen serum proteins for biomarkers of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to investigate its pathogenesis by analyzing the differences in serum proteomics between pregnant women with GDM and healthy pregnant women. Methods. Patients who were admitted to the First Affiliated Hospital of Fujian Medical University from June 2019 to January 2020 were included. According to the medical history and the results of the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), they were divided into the normal pregnant women group and GDM pregnant women group. The serum of two groups of patients was collected. High performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry was used to identify differentially expressed serum proteins between pregnant women with GDM and healthy pregnant women, and bioinformatics analysis was then performed on the identified proteins. Results. A total of 1152 quantifiable proteins were detected; among them, 15 were upregulated in serum of GDM pregnant women, while 26 were downregulated. The subsequent parallel reaction monitoring (PRM) assay validated the expression levels of 12 out of 41 differentially expressed proteins. Moreover, bioinformatics analysis revealed that the differentially expressed proteins are involved in multiple biological processes and signaling pathways related to the lipid metabolism, glycan degradation, immune response, and platelet aggregation. Conclusions. This study identified 41 serum proteins with differential expression between pregnant women with GDM and healthy pregnant women, providing new candidate molecules for elucidating GDM pathogenesis and screening therapeutic targets. Copyright © 2021 Jianhua Li et al. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Metformin Corrects Glucose Metabolism Reprogramming and NLRP3 Inflammasome-Induced Pyroptosis via Inhibiting the TLR4/NF- κ B/PFKFB3 Signaling in Trophoblasts: Implication for a Potential Therapy of Preeclampsia; NOD-like receptor family, pyrin domain-containing protein 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome-mediated pyroptosis is a crucial event in the preeclamptic pathogenesis, tightly linked with the uteroplacental TLR4/NF-κB signaling. Trophoblastic glycometabolism reprogramming has now been noticed in the preeclampsia pathogenesis, plausibly modulated by the TLR4/NF-κB signaling as well. Intriguingly, cellular pyroptosis and metabolic phenotypes may be inextricably linked and interacted. Metformin (MET), a widely accepted NF-κB signaling inhibitor, may have therapeutic potential in preeclampsia while the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Herein, we investigated the role of MET on trophoblastic pyroptosis and its relevant metabolism reprogramming. The safety of pharmacologic MET concentration to trophoblasts was verified at first, which had no adverse effects on trophoblastic viability. Pharmacological MET concentration suppressed NLRP3 inflammasome-induced pyroptosis partly through inhibiting the TLR4/NF-κB signaling in preeclamptic trophoblast models induced via low-dose lipopolysaccharide. Besides, MET corrected the glycometabolic reprogramming and oxidative stress partly via suppressing the TLR4/NF-κB signaling and blocking transcription factor NF-κB1 binding on the promoter PFKFB3, a potent glycolytic accelerator. Furthermore, PFKFB3 can also enhance the NF-κB signaling, reduce NLRP3 ubiquitination, and aggravate pyroptosis. However, MET suppressed pyroptosis partly via inhibiting PFKFB3 as well. These results provided that the TLR4/NF-κB/PFKFB3 pathway may be a novel link between metabolism reprogramming and NLRP3 inflammasome-induced pyroptosis in trophoblasts. Further, MET alleviates the NLRP3 inflammasome-induced pyroptosis, which partly relies on the regulation of TLR4/NF-κB/PFKFB3-dependent glycometabolism reprogramming and redox disorders. Hence, our results provide novel insights into the pathogenesis of preeclampsia and propose MET as a potential therapy. © 2021 Yang Zhang et al.
Interplay Among the Oral Microbiome, Oral Cavity Conditions, the Host Immune Response, Diabetes Mellitus, and Its Associated-Risk Factors—An Overview; This comprehensive review of the literature aimed to investigate the interplay between the oral microbiome, oral cavity conditions, and host immune response in Diabetes mellitus (DM). Moreover, this review also aimed to investigate how DM related risk factors, such as advanced age, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, hypertension and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), act in promoting or modifying specific mechanisms that could potentially perpetuate both altered systemic and oral conditions. We found that poorly controlled glycemic index may exert a negative effect on the immune system of affected individuals, leading to a deficient immune response or to an exacerbation of the inflammatory response exacerbating DM-related complications. Hyperglycemia induces alterations in the oral microbiome since poor glycemic control is associated with increased levels and frequencies of periodontal pathogens in the subgingival biofilm of individuals with DM. A bidirectional relationship between periodontal diseases and DM has been suggested: DM patients may have an exaggerated inflammatory response, poor repair and bone resorption that aggravates periodontal disease whereas the increased levels of systemic pro-inflammatory mediators found in individuals affected with periodontal disease exacerbates insulin resistance. SARS-CoV-2 infection may represent an aggravating factor for individuals with DM. Individuals with DM tend to have low salivary flow and a high prevalence of xerostomia, but the association between prevalence/experience of dental caries and DM is still unclear. DM has also been associated to the development of lesions in the oral mucosa, especially potentially malignant ones and those associated with fungal infections. Obesity plays an important role in the induction and progression of DM. Co-affected obese and DM individuals tend to present worse oral health conditions. A decrease in HDL and, an increase in triglycerides bloodstream levels seem to be associated with an increase on the load of periodontopathogens on oral cavity. Moreover, DM may increase the likelihood of halitosis. Prevalence of impaired taste perception and impaired smell recognition tend to be greater in DM patients. An important interplay among oral cavity microbiome, DM, obesity and hypertension has been proposed as the reduction of nitrate into nitrite, in addition to contribute to lowering of blood pressure, reduces oxidative stress and increases insulin secretion, being these effects desirable for the control of obesity and DM. Women with PCOS tend to present a distinct oral microbial composition and an elevated systemic response to selective members of this microbial community, but the association between oral microbiome, PCOS are DM is still unknown. The results of the studies presented in this review suggest the interplay among the oral microbiome, oral cavity conditions, host immune response and DM and some of the DM associated risk factors exist. DM individuals need to be encouraged and motivated for an adequate oral health care. In addition, these results show the importance of adopting multidisciplinary management of DM and of strengthening physicians-dentists relationship focusing on both systemic and on oral cavity conditions of DM patients. © 2021, Frontiers Media SA. All rights reserved.
Adropin in immune and energy balance: ‘a molecule of interest’ in male reproduction; Adropin is a novel peptide hormone with multidimensional functionalities awaiting to be unveiled completely. This hormone is encoded by the ‘energy homeostasis-associated’ (Enho) gene. It is primarily produced by the liver, while to some extent by the brain, circulatory system and numerous other peripheral tissues. In the twelve years of its discovery, studies have established that adropin has essential role in body weight management, glucose and lipid balance, and is salubrious in a variety of illnesses. Exploring the potential of adropin in male infertility studies will be fascinating. Metabolic disorders, inflammation, and oxidative stress (OS) are among the main underlying mechanisms of male infertility. Since this molecule reduces body adiposity, possesses anti-inflammatory as well as antioxidant properties, it may have potential role in restoration of male fertility. In this review, we amalgamate the evidence available on physiological, metabolic, and immune functions of adropin and thereafter address the possible role of adropin in male reproduction. © ScienceIn Publishing ISSN: 2347–9825.
Application of ceemd noise reduction algorithm in ultrasound imaging in evaluating fetuses with abnormal glucose metabolism in late pregnancy; Objectives: To explore the predictive effect of abnormal glucose metabolism and fetal hemodynamic parameters on adverse pregnancy outcome Methods: One hundred and nine pregnant women with abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy from June 2016 to October 2018 were selected and divided into poor prognosis group (34 cases) and good prognosis group (75 cases). The hemodynamic parameters of fetal cerebral artery (MCA), umbilical artery (UA) and uterine artery of pregnancy (UT-A), including peak systolic velocity (s / D), resistance index (RI) and plasticity index (PI), were measured by color Doppler ultrasound. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of adverse pregnancy outcomes was drawn and the best threshold index was determined. Results: MCA-PI poor prognosis group, MCA-RI, RI ratio (MCA/UA) are lower than the good prognosis group, Ut-A-PI is higher than the good prognosis group (P<0.05,). ROC curve analysis results show that when the MCA-PI 1.56, the sensitivity of the predicted adverse outcomes of pregnancy, the highest specificity<, was 91.18%, 80.00%, respectively. Logistic regression analysis of risk factors shows poor pregnancy outcomes include: pregnant women, older age, body mass index ≥24.0kg/m2 and a family history of diabetes. Protective factors include exercise during pregnancy, MCA-PI≥1.56, MCA-RI≥0.63 and RI The ratio (MCA/ UA) ≥0.84. Conclusion: Color Doppler ultrasound measured MCA-PI<1.56 the most important indicators of poor pregnancy outcomes as abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy and predict the exact cutoff. Pregnant women, older age, body mass index ≥24.0kg/m2 and a family history of diabetes and abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy risk factors for adverse outcomes of pregnancy. © 2021, Professional Medical Publications. All rights reserved.
Regulatory micrornas in T2DM and breast cancer; MicroRNAs orchestrate the tight regulation of numerous cellular processes and the deregu-lation in their activities has been implicated in many diseases, including diabetes and cancer. There is an increasing amount of epidemiological evidence associating diabetes, particularly type 2 diabetes mellitus, to an elevated risk of various cancer types, including breast cancer. However, little is yet known about the underlying molecular mechanisms and even less about the role miRNAs play in driving the tumorigenic potential of the cell signaling underlying diabetes pathogenesis. This article reviews the role of miRNA in bridging the diabetes–breast cancer association by discussing specific miRNAs that are implicated in diabetes and breast cancer and highlighting the overlap between the disease-specific regulatory miRNA networks to identify a 20-miRNA signature that is common to both diseases. Potential therapeutic targeting of these molecular players may help to alleviate the socioeconomic burden on public health that is imposed by the type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)–breast cancer association. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Risk factors screening for gestational diabetes mellitus heterogeneity in Chinese pregnant women: A case–control study; Purpose: To study the risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) heterogeneity, and to evaluate the correlation between the risk factors and obesity. Methods: We performed a case–control study of 452 women with GDM and 516 women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at the first and second trimester. We defined GDM women as GDM-resistance subtype, GDM-dysfunction subtype, and GDM-mixed subtype, according to their simultaneous insulin-release test with predominant insulin-sensitivity defect, insulin-secretion defect, or both defects. Results: We found that higher maternal age, family history of diabetes, the elevated level of fasting blood glucose in the first trimester (≥5.1 mmol/L) were risk factors of all GDM subtypes. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and the increased gestational weight gain (GWG) in the first-trimester are risk factors of the GDM-resistance subtype. Indicators including younger age at first menstruation, the elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), total bile acid (TBA), triglyceride (TG), and the decreased level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are risk factors of the GDM-resistance subtype. However, the associations between those risk factors and GDM-resistance subtype attenuated after adjusted by pre-pregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) in the first trimester. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the improved level of TG are independent risk factors for the GDM-resistance subtype and the GDM-mixed subtype, respectively. Conclusion: Women with GDM exhibited heterogeneity based on glycemic physiology and their risk factors are not all the same. Some obesity-related risk factors are specific to the GDM-resistance subtype, which are mediated by pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and the elevated GWG the first-trimester. © 2021 Wang et al.
Extracellular vesicles from adipose tissue stem cells in diabetes and associated cardiovascular disease; pathobiological impact and therapeutic potential; Adipose tissue-derived stem cells (ADSCs) are pluripotent mesenchymal stem cells found in relatively high percentages in the adipose tissue and able to self-renew and differentiate into many different types of cells. “Extracellular vesicles (EVs), small membrane vesicular structures released during cell activation, senescence, or apoptosis, act as mediators for long distance communication between cells, transferring their specific bioactive molecules into host target cells”. There is a general consensus on how to define and isolate ADSCs, however, multiple separation and characterization protocols are being used in the present which complicate the results’ integration in a single theory on ADSCs’ and their derived factors’ way of action. Metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are mainly caused by abnormal adipose tissue size, distribution and metabolism and so ADSCs and their secretory factors such as EVs are currently investigated as therapeutics in these diseases. Moreover, due to their relatively easy isolation and propagation in culture and their differentiation ability, ADSCs are being employed in preclinical studies of implantable devices or prosthetics. This review aims to provide a comprehensive summary of the current knowledge on EVs secreted from ADSCs both as diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutics in diabetes and associated cardiovascular disease, the molecular mechanisms involved, as well as on the use of ADSC differentiation potential in cardiovascular tissue repair and prostheses. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of ketoisocaproic acid and inflammation on glucose transport in muscle cells; Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) are regulators of protein metabolism. However, elevated levels of BCAAs and their metabolites are linked to insulin resistance. We previously demonstrated that the leucine metabolite, α-ketoisocaproate (KIC), inhibited insulin-stimulated glucose transport in myotubes. Like KIC, inflammatory factors are implicated in the development of insulin resistance. Here, we analyzed the effect of KIC and inflammatory factors (homocysteine [50 μM], TNF-α [10 ng/ml], and interleukin 6 (IL-6) [10 ng/ml]) on myotubes. Although KIC suppressed insulin-stimulated glucose transport, addition of the inflammatory factors did not worsen this effect. Depletion of branched-chain aminotransferase 2, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of leucine into KIC, abrogated the effect of KIC and the inflammatory factors. The effect of insulin on AKTS473 and S6K1T389 phosphorylation was not modified by treatments. There were no treatment effects on glycogen synthase phosphorylation. Depletion of E1α subunit of branched-chain α-keto acid dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the oxidative decarboxylation of KIC, suppressed insulin-stimulated glucose transport, especially in cells incubated in KIC. Thus, defects in BCAA catabolism are contributory to insulin resistance of glucose transport in myotubes, especially in the presence of KIC. Interventions that increase BCAA catabolism may promote muscle glucose utilization and improve insulin resistance and its sequelae. © 2021 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society
Ketogenic diet as a potential intervention for lipedema; Lipedema (LI) is a common yet misdiagnosed condition, often misconstrued with obesity. LI affects women almost exclusively, and its painful and life-changing symptoms have long been thought to be resistant to the lifestyle interventions such as diet and exercise. In this paper, we discuss possible mechanisms by which patients adopting a ketogenic diet (KD) can alleviate many of the unwanted clinical features of LI. This paper is also an effort to provide evidence for the hypothesis of the potency of this dietary intervention for addressing the symptoms of LI. Specifically, we examine the scientific evidence of effectiveness of adopting a KD by patients to alleviate clinical features associated with LI, including excessive and disproportionate lower body adipose tissue (AT) deposition, pain, and reduction in quality of life (QoL). We also explore several clinical features of LI currently under debate, including the potential existence and nature of edema, metabolic and hormonal dysfunction, inflammation, and fibrosis. The effectiveness of a KD on addressing clinical features of LI has been demonstrated in human studies, and shows promise as an intervention for LI. We hope this paper leads to an improved understanding of optimal nutritional management for patients with LI and stimulates future research in this area of study. © 2020 The Author(s)
An update to the WISP-1/CCN4 role in obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes; Insulin resistance refers to the diminished response of peripheral tissues to insulin and is considered the major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. Although many possible mechanisms have been reported to develop insulin resistance, the exact underlying processes remain unclear. In recent years, the role of adipose tissue as a highly active metabolic and endocrine organ, producing proteins called adipokines and their multidirectional activities has gained interest. The physiological effects of adipokines include energy homeostasis and insulin sensitivity regulation. In addition, an excess of adipose tissue is followed by proinflammatory state which results in dysregulation of secreted cytokines contributing to insulin resistance. Wingless-type (Wnt) inducible signalling pathway protein-1 (WISP-1), also known as CCN4, has recently been described as a novel adipokine, whose circulating levels are elevated in obese and insulin resistant individuals. Growing evidence suggests that WISP-1 may participate in the impaired glucose homeostasis. In this review, we characterize WISP-1 and summarize the latest reports on the role of WISP-1 in obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A chemical-specific adjustment factor for human interindividual differences in kinetics for glutamates (E620-625); Use of a default methodology for establishment of a health-based guidance value (HBGV) resulted in a group acceptable daily intake (ADI) for glutamates (E620-625) below the normal dietary glutamate intake, and also lower than the intake of free glutamate by breast fed babies. Use of a chemical-specific adjustment factor (CSAF) may overcome this problem. The present study investigates the interindividual human variability in glutamate plasma and brain levels in order to define a CSAF for the interindividual variation in kinetics, a HKAF, for glutamates. Human clinical data on plasma glutamate levels available from different groups of subjects at Mitsui Memorial Hospital as well as literature data on plasma and brain-related glutamate levels were collected and analysed. The median HKAF value obtained amounted to 2.62–2.74 to 2.33–2.52 for plasma derived values and to 1.68–1.81 for brain derived values. Combining these values with the CSAF for the interspecies differences in kinetics of 1 and the default factors for interspecies and interindividual differences in dynamics of 2.5 and 3.16 results in an overall CSAF of 16–20. Using this CSAF will result in a HBGV for glutamate that is no longer below the acceptable range of oral intake (AROI). © 2020 The Authors
Maternal lipid levels in pregnant women without complications in developing risk of large for gestational age newborns: A study of meta-analysis; Background: Circulating into foetal circulation across the placental barrier, abnormal maternal serum lipids predispose neonates to metabolic dysfunction and thereafter affect the steroid metabolism and functions of extra-embryonic foetal tissues. Methods: A systematic review was conducted by searching PubMed-MEDLINE and the Cochrane library between January 2010 and January 2020. The included studies were English case control studies that described original data on at least one raw lipid measurement during pregnancy in healthy women who delivered large for gestational age (LGA) newborns and in healthy women with non-LGA newborns. The data extracted from 12 studies were pooled, and the weighted mean difference (WMD) in lipid levels was calculated using random effects models. A meta-analysis was performed to identify sources of heterogeneity and to describe the significant value of the collected studies. Results: Of 649 published articles identified, a total of 12 met the inclusion criteria Compared with women who had non-LGA newborns, those who had LGA newborns had significantly higher triglyceride (TG) levels (WMD = 0.28, 95% CI -0.02 to 0.54) and lower high density lipoprotein cholestrol (HDL-C) levels (WMD = 0.08, 95% CI -0.13 to -0.03), but not have significantly lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Moreover, the levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) were inconsistent between both groups. Conclusions: High levels of TG and low levels of HDL-C could cause births of LGA newborns whereas maternal serum of TC, LDL-C and VLDL-C cannot be used as predictor of LGA. © 2021 Mahindra MP et al.
A Multi-Omics Analysis of PON1 Lactonase Activity in Relation to Human Health and Disease; Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) enzyme has antioxidative properties and is present in mammalian blood and several other body fluids. In blood, PON1 is usually integrated into the high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. PON1 is a highly versatile enzyme displaying diverse functions such as arylesterase, lactonase, and paraoxonase, among others. PON1 activities are usually investigated with artificial substrates, for example, dihydrocoumarin and thiobutyl butyrolactone for lactonase activity. The PON1 enzyme activities measured with different substrates tend to be falsely assumed as being equivalent in the literature, although there are poor or weak correlations among the PON1 enzyme activities with different substrates. In addition, and despite our knowledge of the factors influencing PON1 paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, there is little knowledge of PON1 lactonase activity variations and attendant mechanisms. This is important considering further that the lactonase activity is the native activity of PON1. We report here a multi-omics analysis of PON1 lactonase activity. The influence of genetic variations, particularly of single nucleotide polymorphisms and epigenetic, proteomic, and lipidomic variations on PON1 lactonase activity are reviewed. In addition, the influence of various environmental, clinical, and demographic variables on PON1 lactonase activity is discussed. Finally, we examine the associations between PON1 lactonase activity and health states and common complex diseases such as atherosclerosis, dementias, obesity, and diabetes. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first multi-omics analysis of PON1 lactonase activity with an eye to future applications in basic life sciences and translational medicine and the nuances of critically interpreting PON1 function with lactones as substrates.  © Bo‡tjan Petrič, et al., 2021. Published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2021.
Metabolic and functional interplay between gut microbiota and fat-soluble vitamins; Gut microbiota is a complex ecosystem seen as an extension of human genome. It represents a major metabolic interface of interaction with food components and xenobiotics in the gastrointestinal (GI) environment. In this context, the advent of modern bacterial genome sequencing technology has enabled the identification of dietary nutrients as key determinants of gut microbial ecosystem able to modulate the host-microbiome symbiotic relationship and its effects on human health. This article provides a literature review on functional and molecular interactions between a specific group of lipids and essential nutrients, e.g., fat-soluble vitamins (FSVs), and the gut microbiota. A two-way relationship appears to emerge from the available literature with important effects on human metabolism, nutrition, GI physiology and immune function. First, FSV directly or indirectly modify the microbial composition involving for example immune system-mediated and/or metabolic mechanisms of bacterial growth or inhibition. Second, the gut microbiota influences at different levels the synthesis, metabolism and transport of FSV including their bioactive metabolites that are either introduced with the diet or released in the gut via entero-hepatic circulation. A better understanding of these interactions, and of their impact on intestinal and metabolic homeostasis, will be pivotal to design new and more efficient strategies of disease prevention and therapy, and personalized nutrition. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Serum endocan levels in relation to traditional and non-traditional anthropometric indices in adult population; Background: Association between endocan and nontraditional anthropometric indices, as distinct cardio - vascular disease risk factors, has not been examined in previous studies. Endocan is a novel inflammation biomarker with its higher levels involved in cardiometabolic diseases development. Taking into consideration that obesity is an independent risk factor for many cardio - metabolic diseases, we aimed to explore the relationship between endocan levels and novel anthropometric indices _i.e., body adiposity index (BAI), cardiometabolic index (CMI), a body shape index, body roundness index, conicity index, lipid accumulation product index and visceral adiposity index_ and traditional ones _i.e., waist circum - ference, hip circumference, body mass index, waist-toheight ratio and waist-to-hip ratio_ in adult population. Methods: A total of 177 participants were included. Anthropometric indices and biochemical parametres were measured. Results: Univariate regression analysis demonstrated positive correlations of endocan and almost all anthropometric data. To explore independent associations of endocan and anthropometric parameters, the Model which fulfilled criteria for ordinal regression testing was created. Adjusted odds for BAI given in the Model (OR=1.120, 95% CI 1.036-1.212, P=0.004), demonstrated that a rise in BAI by 1 unit increased the probability of higher endocan concentration by 12%. As well, a rise in CMI for 1 unit, increased the probability for higher endocan levels for 2.6 times (OR=2.599, 95% CI 1.006-6.712, P=0.049). A total of 20.1% of variation in endocan levels could be explained by this Model. Conclusions: Non-traditional obesity indices, BAI and CMI independently correlated with higher serum endocan levels in adult population. © 2021 Sciendo. All rights reserved.
Chapter 1: Diabetes and Obesity: An Overview of Nutritional Effects; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity are well known for their capacity to induce extensive morbidity, costly medical care, and ultimately, shortened lifespan. Of further urgency, these conditions have reached epidemic proportions globally, owing largely to the modern-day lifestyle. In conjunction with weight loss, dietary interventions afford the opportunity to both prevent T2D and mitigate its potential complications. Though no single universal diet has been recommended, several proposed dietary patterns have demonstrated modest benefit in T2D as well as in other conditions associated with insulin resistance, such as the metabolic syndrome, non-alcoholic hepatosteatosis, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Most favorable dietary patterns are consistent in endorsing ample fruits, vegetables, and nuts, while limiting processed foods high in fructose and saturated fat, and those with high glycemic indices.  © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2019.
Obesity and insulin resistance: associations with chronic inflamma-tion, genetic and epigenetic factors; Background: Obesity is known to be a multifactorial disease. In its pathogenesis, different factors such as chronic inflammation, oxidative stress, insulin resistance, genetic fac-tors, environmental effects, vegetative disturbance, and unbalanced nutrition play a significant role. Methodology: This study describes the association of obesity and insulin resistance with chronic inflammation, genetic, and epigenetic factors. Previous literature has been reviewed to explain the relation of obesity with those factors involved in chronic low-grade inflammation and insulin. Results: Obesity is associated with a decrease in ghrelin secretion, elevated plasma leptin lev-els, oxidative stress, increased macrophage phagocytic activity, and the induction of pro-inflammatory synthesis of cytokines and interferon-gamma. Obesity is linked to decreased levels of cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes and impaired detoxification processes. Deficiency of vitamins and minerals can also play a significant role in the development of oxidative stress and chronic inflammation in obesity. There is evidence of associations between a genetic pre-disposition to obesity in children with elevated levels of certain miRNAs. Conclusion: The purpose of the present review is an analysis of the multiple factors associated with obesity. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Acidic fibroblast growth factor attenuates type 2 diabetes-induced demyelination via suppressing oxidative stress damage; Prolonged type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) produces a common complication, peripheral neuropathy, which is accompanied by nerve fiber disorder, axon atrophy, and demyelination. Growing evidence has characterized the beneficial effects of acidic fibroblast growth factor (aFGF) and shown that it relieves hyperglycemia, increases insulin sensitivity, and ameliorates neuropathic impairment. However, there is scarce evidence on the role of aFGF on remodeling of aberrant myelin under hyperglycemia condition. Presently, we observed that the expression of aFGF was rapidly decreased in a db/db T2DM mouse model. Administration of exogenous aFGF was sufficient to block acute demyelination and nerve fiber disorganization. Furthermore, this strong anti-demyelinating effect was most likely dominated by an aFGF-mediated increase of Schwann cell (SC) proliferation and migration as well as suppression of its apoptosis. Mechanistically, the beneficial biological effects of aFGF on SC behavior and abnormal myelin morphology were likely due to the inhibition of hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress activation, which was most likely activated by kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1)/nuclear factor erythroid-derived-like 2 (Nrf2) signaling. Thus, this evidence indicates that aFGF is a promising protective agent for relieving myelin pathology through countering oxidative stress signaling cascades under diabetic conditions. © 2021, The Author(s).
Co-exposure to PCB126 and PFOS increases biomarkers associated with cardiovascular disease risk and liver injury in mice; Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB)126 and perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS) are halogenated organic pollutants of high concern. Exposure to these chemicals is ubiquitous, and can lead to potential synergistic adverse effects in individuals exposed to both classes of chemicals. The present study was designed to identify interactions between PCB126 and PFOS that might promote acute changes in inflammatory pathways associated with cardiovascular disease and liver injury. Male C57BL/6 mice were exposed to vehicle, PCB126, PFOS, or a mixture of both pollutants. Plasma and liver samples were collected at 48 h after exposure. Changes in the expression of hepatic genes involved in oxidative stress, inflammation, and atherosclerosis were investigated. Plasma and liver samples was analyzed using untargeted lipidomic method. Hepatic mRNA levels for Nqo1, Icam1, and PAI1 were significantly increased in the mixture-exposed mice. Plasma levels of PAI1, a marker of fibrosis and thrombosis, were also significantly elevated in the mixture-exposed group. Liver injury was observed only in the mixture-exposed mice. Lipidomic analysis revealed that co-exposure to the mixture enhanced hepatic lipid accumulation and elevated oxidized phospholipids levels. In summary, this study shows that acute co-exposure to PCB126 and PFOS in mice results in liver injury and increased cardiovascular disease risk. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
MiR-190b impedes pancreatic β cell proliferation and insulin secretion by targeting NKX6-1 and may associate to gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The dysfunction of pancreatic β cells is related to the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study aimed to investigate the mechanism underlying the effects of miR-190b on pancreatic β cell proliferation and insulin secretion. Methods: Quantitative real-time PCR was used to detect miR-190b expression in placenta tissues from GDM patients. The effects of miR-190b on islet cells activity, proliferation, and insulin secretion were measured using MTT assay, BrdU staining, and ELISA. The relationship between miR-190b and NK6 homeobox 1 (NKX6-1) was ensured by dual luciferase reporter assay. Results: MiR-190b was overexpressed in placenta tissues from GDM patients compared to normal pregnant woman. MiR-190b inhibitor inhibited the cell activity, proliferation, and insulin secretion of islet β cells, while miR-190b overexpression had an opposite effect. Additionally, miR-190b negatively regulated NKX6-1 expression. Overexpression of NKX6-1 reversed the inhibitory effect of miR-190b-mimics on islet β cell activity, proliferation, and insulin secretion. In mouse islets, knockdown of miR-190b promoted insulin secretion by up-regulating NKX6-1 expression. Conclusion: Silence of miR-190b accelerated pancreatic β cell proliferation and insulin secretion via targeting NKX6-1, which might be a mechanism underlying the effects of miR-190b on the progression of GDM. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Systematic analysis of the biological roles and pharmacological properties of D-chiro-inositol; D-chiroinositol (DCI) is one of the 9 inositol isomers that forms inositol phosphoglycans, which are mediators of the action of insulin. The metabolism of DCI and myoinositol (MI) is impaired against the background of insulin resistance, including the patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Aim. Highlight the most characteristic pharmacological properties of DCI. Materials and methods. Systematic computer analysis of 45 600 publications on the biological roles of inositol by methods of the topological theory of pattern recognition and systems biology analysis of human proteome. Results. A complex of interactions between metabolic disorders of DCI, PCOS, ovulation disorders, obesity associated with numerous hormonal disorders is described. Supplements with DCI and MI increase the sensitivity of cells to insulin and normalize the metabolism of androgens. An important difference between DCI and MI is the presence of DCI in the composition of inositol phosphoglycans that mediate the action of insulin on cells, as well as its participation in the realization of the therapeutic effects of metformin. The use of the MI+DCI combination allows achieving positive dynamics in reducing excess body weight, normalizing blood lipids, glucose and insulin levels, restoring the ovulatory menstrual cycle, improving oocyte quality, and helps prevent gestational diabetes in pregnant women and macrosomia of the fetus. DCI is more effective than MI in reducing the risk of folate-resistant neural tube defects. Conclusion. The therapeutic potential of DCI in combination with MI for treating PCOS and hyperandrogenism is evident. Depending on the therapeutic expediency, various ratios of MI:DCI can be used for the treatment of PCOS and disorders of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. © 2020 Gynecology. All rights reserved.
Risk Prediction of the Diabetes Missing Million: Identifying Individuals at High Risk of Diabetes and Related Complications; Early diagnosis and effective management of type 2 diabetes (T2D) are crucial in reducing the risk of developing life-changing complications such as heart failure, stroke, kidney disease, blindness and amputation, which are also associated with significant costs for healthcare providers. However, as T2D symptoms often develop slowly it is not uncommon for people to live with T2D for years without being aware of their condition—commonly known as the undiagnosed missing million. By the time a diagnosis is received, many individuals will have already developed serious complications. While the existence of undiagnosed diabetes has long been recognised, wide-reaching awareness among the general public, clinicians and policymakers is lacking, and there is uncertainty in how best to identify high-risk individuals. In this article we have used consensus expert opinion alongside the available evidence, to provide support for the diabetes healthcare community regarding risk prediction of the missing million. Its purpose is to provide awareness of the risk factors for identifying individuals at high, moderate and low risk of T2D and T2D-related complications. The awareness of risk predictors, particularly in primary care, is important, so that appropriate steps can be taken to reduce the clinical and economic burden of T2D and its complications. © 2020, The Author(s).
Correlation of Homocysteine, AHSG, CRP with Insulin Resistance, 25-(OH)2-VitD, Blood Lipids in Gestational Diabetes Patients; Background: To investigate the correlations of serum homocysteine (Hcy), α2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein (AHSG), and C-reactive protein (CRP) with insulin resistance (IR), 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-VD), and blood lipids in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by detecting their levels. Methods: A total of 72 GDM patients (GDM group) and 72 healthy pregnant women (control group) delivered in our hospital from February 2017 to January 2019 were randomly selected. The basic data, somatological parameters [height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure, and body fat content], and biochemical indexes (glucose metabolism indexes, lipid metabolism indexes, Hcy, AHSG, CRP, and 25-OH-VD) were compared between the two groups. Additionally, Pearson’s correlation analysis was employed to analyze the correlations among indicators. Results: In comparison with the control group, the GDM group had a higher average rate of family history of DM (p < 0.05), larger waist circumference and WHR, and higher body fat content (p < 0.05). Besides, the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 1-hour plasma glucose (1hPG) and 2-hour plasma glucose (2hPG), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting insulin (FINS), homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-IR, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were higher in the GDM group than those in the control group (p < 0.05), while the high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was lower in the GDM group than that in the control group (p < 0.05). Compared with those in the control group, the serum Hcy, AHSG, and CRP levels rose, while the serum 25-OH-VD level declined in the GDM group (p < 0.05). The results of Pearson’s correlation analysis revealed that HOMA-IR had positive correlations with FPG, FINS, TC, TG, Hcy, AHSG, and CRP (r = 0.591, 0.825, 0.312, 0.234, 0.458, 0.647, 0.487, p < 0.05) and negative correlation with 25-OH-VD (r = -0.323, p < 0.05). CRP was positively correlated with HOMA-IR, TC, and AHSG (r = 0.485, 0.331, 0.226, p < 0.05), negatively associated with 25-OH-VD (r = -0.443, p < 0.05), and had no correlation to TG and Hcy (r = 0.019, 0.058, p > 0.05). AHSG displayed positive correlations with HOMA-IR, TC, TG, and CRP (r = 0.647, 0.321, 0.314, 0.226, p < 0.05) and no association with Hcy and 25-OH-VD (r = 0.058, -0.034, p > 0.05). Conclusions: GDM patients have increased serum Hcy, AHSG, and CRP levels and a decreased serum 25-OH-VD level, indicating that serum Hcy, AHSG, CRP, and 25-OH-VD are correlated with glucose and lipid metabolism disorders in GDM patients. ©Copyright
The Relationship between Serum Vitamin B12 and Glycemic Indices, BMI, and Dietary Components in Elderly; Background: Vitamin B12 plays an important role in many metabolic pathways, obesity, and insulin resistance and the elderly as a high-risk group are prone to its deficiency. In this regard, this study investigated the relationship between serum vitamin B12 and glycemic indices, dietary components and body mass index (BMI) in elderly population. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, ninety elderly aged 65 years and older from an senior center were enrolled. After completing the demographic questionnaire and assessing BMI, 5 mL blood sample was provided to measure serum vitamin B12, insulin and blood glucose levels. On the other hand, the vitamin B12 content of the diet was extracted from the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Results: About 58% of the elderly had serum vitamin B12 levels below normal. There was a significant correlation between low vitamin B12 levels, body weight and BMI. Furthermore, the relationship between low serum vitamin B12 level and fasting blood glucose level was also significant (p<0.05). FFQ results indicated a significant relationship between serum vitamin B12 level and the amount of different types of meat and eggs. Conclusion: The favorable level of vitamin B12 was shown to play a role in hyperglycemia control and to reach a normal weight. © 2020, Shiraz University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
High expression of an unknown long noncoding rna rp11-290l1.3 from gdm macrosomia and its effect on preadipocyte differentiation; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-induced macrosomia is predominantly characterized by fat accumulation, which is closely related to adipocyte differentiation. An unknown long noncoding RNA RP11-290L1.3, referred to as RP11, was identified to be dramatically upregulated in the umbilical cord blood of women with GDM-induced macrosomia in our previous study. We conducted this study to identify the function of RP11 in GDM-induced macrosomia. Methods: The effects of RP11 gain-and loss-of-function on HPA-v (human preadipocytes-visceral) adipogenesis were determined with lentivirus mediated cell transduction. The mRNA and protein expression levels of adipogenesis makers were evaluated by qPCR/Western blot. Then, we performed the microarray and pathway analysis to explore the possible mechanisms by which RP11 regulates adipogenesis. Results: Overexpression of RP11 significantly enhanced adipocyte differentiation and increased the mRNA and protein expression levels of adipogenesis makers, such as PPARγ, SREBP1c, and FASN by qPCR/Western blot. Knockdown of RP11 showed opposite effects. Microarray and pathway analysis showed, after RP11 knockdown, 1612 genes were upregulated, and 583 genes were down-regulated which were found to be mainly involved in metabolic pathways, insulin signaling pathway and MAPK signaling pathway. Conclusion: In conclusion, the unknown lncRNA RP11 serves as a positive factor on preadipocyte differentiation which could shed light on fetal fat accumulation in GDM. © 2021 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
The multifaced actions of curcumin in pregnancy outcome; Curcumin, also known as diferuloylmethane, is the main polyphenolic substance present in the rhizomes of Curcuma longa L. This plant showed many beneficial effects and has been used since ancient times for both food and pharmaceutical purposes. Due to its pleiotropic functions, curcumin consumption in the human diet has become very common thanks also to the fact that this natural compound is considered quite safe as it does not have serious side effects. Its functions as an anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant, neuroprotective, immunomodulatory, anti-toxicant, anti-apoptotic, and anti-diabetic compound are already known and widely demonstrated. There are numerous studies concerning its effects on various human pathologies including cancer, diabetes and arthritis while the studies on curcumin during pregnancy have been performed only in animal models. Data concerning the role of curcumin as anti-inflammatory compound suggest a possible use of curcumin in managing pregnancy complications such as Preeclampsia (PE), Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), Fetal Growth Restriction (FGR), PreTerm Birth (PTB), and exposure to toxic agents and pathogens. The aim of this review is to present data to support the possible use of curcumin in clinical trials on human gestation complications. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Interaction between Apo A-II -265T>C polymorphism and dietary total antioxidant capacity on some anthropometric indices and serum lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; The present study aimed to investigate the interaction of Apo A-II polymorphism and dietary total antioxidant capacity (DTAC) with lipid profile and anthropometric markers in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) that are at risk for atherosclerosis. This cross-sectional study was conducted on 778 patients with T2DM (35-65 years). Dietary intakes were assessed by a 147-item food frequency questionnaire. DTAC was computed using international databases. Participants were categorised into two groups based on rs5082 genotypes. The gene-diet interaction was analysed by an ANCOVA multivariate interaction model. Total cholesterol, TC; triacylglycerol, TG; high- and low-density lipoprotein, HDL and LDL; TC-HDL ratio; waist circumference, WC and body mass index, BMI were obtained according to standard protocols. Overall, the frequency of CC homozygous was 12 .1 % among study participants. We found that a significant interaction between rs5082 variants and DTAC on mean WC (PTEAC = 0 .044), TC concentration (PFRAP = 0 .049 and PTEAC = 0 .031) and TC/HDL (PFRAP = 0 .031 and PTRAP = 0 .040). Among patients whose DTAC was higher than the median intake, the mean of weight, WC and TC/HDL were significantly higher only in individuals with CC genotype. Also, the high DTAC was associated with a lower TC concentration only in T-allele carriers (PFRAP = 0 .042). We found that adherence to a diet with high total antioxidant capacity can improve the complications of diabetes and atherosclerosis in the T carrier genotype more effectively than the CC genotype. These results could indicate the anti-atherogenic properties of Apo A-II. However, further studies are needed to shed light on this issue.  Copyright © The Author(s), 2021. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society.
Systematic review of marine-derived omega-3 fatty acid supplementation effects on leptin, adiponectin, and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio; Increasing evidence suggests that adipokines, leptin and adiponectin, produced and secreted by adipocytes, are involved in regulating systemic inflammation and may be important targets for interventions to reduce the chronic systemic inflammation linked to some conditions common in aging (e.g., atherosclerosis). Lower leptin levels and higher adiponectin levels in peripheral circulation have been associated with less systemic inflammation. While some studies have shown that marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and/or docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) have effects on leptin and adiponectin in the context of inflammation, the extent of their effects remain unclear. The purpose of this systematic review was to summarize findings from randomized, controlled trials that measured effects of EPA+DHA supplementation on circulating levels of leptin and adiponectin to determine the state of the science. PubMed, CINAHL, Web of Science, Scopus, and Cochrane Trials were searched up to June 2018 for studies meeting inclusion criteria. Thirty-one studies included in this review were conducted in 16 countries. Eighteen studies reported lower leptin and/or higher adiponectin levels with EPA+DHA supplementation versus placebo at study end point (9 reported statistically significant differences), but doses, supplementation duration, and population characteristics varied across studies. In 9 studies reporting significantly lower leptin and/or higher adiponectin levels the EPA+DHA dose was 0.52 to 4.2 g/day for 4 to 24 weeks. Additional studies are warranted which assess dose parameters and patient populations similar to studies reporting significant effects of EPA+DHA on leptin or adiponectin in order to evaluate the extent of reproducibility before recommending EPA+DHA as a therapy to target these adipokines. © 2020 The Authors
Circulating levels of fibroblast growth factor 21 in gestational diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis; In recent times, the role of fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasingly investigated. However, to our knowledge, no systematic analysis has been conducted yet to evaluate the relationship between FGF21 levels and GDM. Confirmed studies related to circulating FGF21 levels and GDM were searched from the databases of PubMed, ISI Web of Science, MEDLINE and EMBASE. Data were reported as standard mean difference (SMD) and associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Analysis were performed with Review Manager 5.2 and Stata version 11.0. A total of 392 cases and 435 controls in nine articles were included in this meta-analysis. The circulating FGF21 levels in pregnant women with GDM was higher than that in controls (random effects MD [95% CI] = 0.46, [0.07–0.86], p = 0.02). The result of multivariate meta-regression showed that sample size and point of sample collection contributed to heterogeneity (p = 0.033 and p = 0.047, respectively). Additionally, the results showed that there was no publication bias in this meta-analysis (Z = 1.36, p = 0.175; t = 1.24, p = 0.256, respectively). To conclude, this meta-analysis provides evidence that circulating FGF21 levels are higher in GDM subjects than controls, and it is important to clarify the relationship between circulating FGF21 levels and pregnant women with GDM in accurate prediction of GDM. © The Japan Endocrine Society.
The influence of increased prepregnancy body mass index and excessive gestational weight gain on pregnancy course and fetal and maternal perinatal outcomes; Background: The aim of our study was to assess the influence of prepregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) changes as well as excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) on maternal and fetal perinatal parameters. Furthermore, we aimed to analyze the influence of increased prepregnancy BMI values and excessive GWG on neonatal early motoric development. Methods: The 203 eligible female participants were evaluated. Prepregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) defined according to Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines in the USA were assessed with tested maternal and fetal perinatal parameters and infants early motoric development (Alberta Infant Motor Scale—AIMS). Results: Significant predictors of increased prepregnancy BMI in perinatal period include: weight at delivery (p = 0.001), GWG (p = 0.002) and BMI at delivery (p < 0.001), while significant predictors of excessive GWG in perinatal period are: prepregnancy BMI (p = 0.029) and BMI at delivery (p < 0.001). In the group of participants with both increased prepregnancy BMI and excessive GWG versus others, significant predictors were: hypertension (HTA) (p = 0.019), amniotic fluid index (AFI) (p = 0.047), Pronation (AIMS) (p = 0.028) and Supination (AIMS) (p = 0.029). Conclusion: Increased prepregnancy BMI and excessive GWG are significantly associated with numerous perinatal factors that could alter the pregnancy course, pregnancy outcome and early motoric development of newborn. Moreover, increased prepregnancy BMI is shown to be a significant predictor of excessive GWG; thus, early selection of pregnant women for close monitoring of weight gain during pregnancy will have positive effects on reducing the risk of less favorable pregnancy course and early motoric development of newborn. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Glucokinase activation as antidiabetic therapy: effect of nutraceuticals and phytochemicals on glucokinase gene expression and enzymatic activity; Diabetes represents an important public health problem. Recently, new molecular targets have been identified and exploited to treat this disease. Due to its pivotal role in glucose homeostasis, glucokinase (GCK) is a promising target for the development of novel antidiabetic drugs; however, pharmacological agents that modulate GCK activity have been linked to undesirable side-effects, limiting its use. Interestingly, plants might be a valuable source of new therapeutic compounds with GCK-activating properties and presumably no adverse effects. In this review, we describe biochemical characteristics related to the physiological and pathological importance of GCK, as well as the mechanisms involved in its regulation at different molecular levels. Posteriorly, we present a compendium of findings supporting the potential use of nutraceuticals and phytochemicals in the management of diabetes through modulation of GCK expression and activity. Finally, we propose critical aspects to keep in mind when designing experiments to evaluate GCK modulation properly. © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Identification of a novel circRNA, hsa_circ_0065898, that regulates tumor growth in cervical squamous cell carcinoma; Background: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) were reported to play an important role in regulating tumor pathogenesis. The molecular mechanism of circRNAs in cervical squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) remains poorly understood. We aimed to identify the circRNAs differentially expressed, and to investigate the role of a novel circRNA, hsa_circ_0065898, in regulating proliferation, migration, and invasion in CSCC. Methods: The online Kaplan-Meier Plotter was used to analyze the relationship between miRNA expression and overall survival. Bioinformatics tools, such as R, Cytoscape, and Perl, were used to analyze the Gene Ontology (GO) enrichment, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway, protein-protein interaction (PPI) network, and regulatory network. The expression level of hsa_circ_0065898 in CSCC cell lines was evaluated using quantitative polymerase chain reaction in vitro. The cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) and transwell assays were used to assess cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Results: CircRNA expression data (GSE102686) was downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus database, and this included data from 5 CSCC patients and 5 normal tissues. 13 differentially expressed circRNAs were identified, which included 9 upregulated circRNAs and 4 downregulated circRNAs. GO enrichment analysis showed that the target genes of miRNAs associated with hsa_circ_0065898 were enriched in ubiquitin-protein transferase activity, ubiquitin-like protein transferase activity, core promoter sequence-specific DNA binding, mRNA 3'-UTR AU-rich region binding, core promoter binding, and so on. KEGG showed that the Hippo and p53 signaling pathways played significant role in the pathway network. Hsa_circ_0065898 was significantly overexpressed in the CSCC cell lines. Hsa_circ_0065898 facilitated cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in CSCC. Conclusions: This study identified differentially expressed circRNAs and constructed the regulatory network of hsa_circ_0065898 targeting microRNAs and mRNAs. We demonstrated that hsa_circ_0065898 promoted CSCC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Hence, hsa_circ_0065898 might be useful as a biomarker for CSCC diagnosis and targeted therapy. © 2021 Translational Cancer Research.
Effect of angiotensin converting enzyme gene studies in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease subjects; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. ACE gene is the key to involve with transforming Angiotensin-I to the potent vasoconstrictor of angiotensin-II, well-known for the association with all the above-mentioned diseases. Limited studies have been documented with NAFLD and ACE gene I/D polymorphism in the global studies, and there are no studies that have been documented in the Saudi population. The aim of the current study was to investigate the genetic association between angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene, insertion (I)-deletion (D) polymorphisms in NAFLD in the Saudi population. NAFLD is a clinic pathological syndrome produced due to the environment, genetic, and metabolic stress-correlated factors, which are demonstrated clinically as fat accumulation in hepatocytes. This is a hospitalbased case-control study implemented in 95 NAFLD cases and 78 non-NAFLD subjects. Genomic DNA was extracted in all the subjects to perform the PCR with ACE gene I/D polymorphism, and the current study results revealed the negative association between the NAFLD cases and controls in the Saudi population (DD vs II; OR-0.17: 95% CI (0.04-0.64), p=0.04, DD+ID vs II: OR-0.19; 95% CI (0.05-0.70), p=0.006 and D vs I; OR-0.34: 95%CI (0.21-0.57), p=0.003. In conclusion, this study confirms NAFLD has no genetic role in the Saudi population with ACE gene I/D polymorphism analysis.  © 2020 The Authors.
BNIP3L/Nix-induced mitochondrial fission, mitophagy, and impaired myocyte glucose uptake are abrogated by PRKA/PKA phosphorylation; Lipotoxicity is a form of cellular stress caused by the accumulation of lipids resulting in mitochondrial dysfunction and insulin resistance in muscle. Previously, we demonstrated that the mitophagy receptor BNIP3L/Nix is responsive to lipotoxicity and accumulates in response to a high-fat (HF) feeding. To provide a better understanding of this observation, we undertook gene expression array and shot-gun metabolomics studies in soleus muscle from rodents on an HF diet. Interestingly, we observed a modest reduction in several autophagy-related genes. Moreover, we observed alterations in the fatty acyl composition of cardiolipins and phosphatidic acids. Given the reported roles of these phospholipids and BNIP3L in mitochondrial dynamics, we investigated aberrant mitochondrial turnover as a mechanism of impaired myocyte insulin signaling. In a series of gain-of-function and loss-of-function experiments in rodent and human myotubes, we demonstrate that BNIP3L accumulation triggers mitochondrial depolarization, calcium-dependent activation of DNM1L/DRP1, and mitophagy. In addition, BNIP3L can inhibit insulin signaling through activation of MTOR-RPS6KB/p70S6 kinase inhibition of IRS1, which is contingent on phosphatidic acids and RHEB. Finally, we demonstrate that BNIP3L-induced mitophagy and impaired glucose uptake can be reversed by direct phosphorylation of BNIP3L by PRKA/PKA, leading to the translocation of BNIP3L from the mitochondria and sarcoplasmic reticulum to the cytosol. These findings provide insight into the role of BNIP3L, mitochondrial turnover, and impaired myocyte insulin signaling during an overfed state when overall autophagy-related gene expression is reduced. Furthermore, our data suggest a mechanism by which exercise or pharmacological activation of PRKA may overcome myocyte insulin resistance. Abbreviations: BCL2: B cell leukemia/lymphoma 2; BNIP3L/Nix: BCL2/adenovirus E1B interacting protein 3-like; DNM1L/DRP1: dynamin 1-like; FUNDC1: FUN14 domain containing 1; IRS1: insulin receptor substrate 1; MAP1LC3A/LC3: microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 alpha; MFN1: mitofusin 1; MFN2: mitofusin 2; MTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase; OPA1: OPA1 mitochondrial dynamin like GTPase; PDE4i: phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor; PLD1: phospholipase D1; PLD6: phospholipase D family member 6; PRKA/PKA: protein kinase, AMP-activated; PRKCD/PKCδ: protein kinase C, delta; PRKCQ/PKCθ: protein kinase C, theta; RHEB: Ras homolog enriched in brain; RPS6KB/p70S6K: ribosomal protein S6 kinase; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1; YWHAB/14-3-3β: tyrosine 3-monooxygenase/tryptophan 5-monooxygenase activation protein beta. © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Age at onset of different pubertal signs in boys and girls and differential DNA methylation at age 10 and 18 years: An epigenome-wide follow-up study; STUDY QUESTION: Is the age of onset of pubertal markers related to subsequent changes in DNA methylation (DNAm)? SUMMARY ANSWER: We identified 273 cytosine-phosphate-guanine (CpG) dinucleotides in girls and 67 CpGs in boys that were related to puberty and that were replicable in two other investigations. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Previously, 457 CpGs (not gender-specific) and 347 (in girls) and 50 (in boys), respectively, were found to be associated with puberty, according to investigations of studies from Denmark (20 girls and 31 boys) and North America (30 girls and 25 boys). STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The study was based on a birth cohort of 1456 participants born in 1989/90, with follow-up at age 10 and 18 years. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: The follow-up included 470 participants with information on DNAm and age of pubertal onset (244 girls and 226 boys). Age of pubertal onset was ascertained retrospectively at age 18 years. Using the Pubertal Development Scale, both genders were asked about ages of onset of growth spurt, body hair growth and skin changes. Ages at voice deepening and growth of facial hair were inquired from boys; ages at breast development and menarche from girls. Blood samples were collected at 10 and 18 years of age.DNA was extracted using a standard salting out procedure. Themethylation level for each CpG site was assessed using one of two different platforms. DNAm was measured by a ratio of intensities denoted as β values for each CpG site. After quality control, 349 455 CpG sites were available for analysis. M values were calculated (log2(β/(1-β)) to approximate a normal distribution, and their levels were adjusted for blood cell proportions. Linear mixed models were applied to test the association between age of pubertal markers and repeated measurement of DNAm at 10 and 18 years. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In girls, a total of 63 019 CpGs statistically significantly changed after occurrence of any of the five pubertal events and 13 487 were changed subsequent to all five events: the respective number is boys were 3072 and 301. To further exclude false-positive findings, we investigated which CpGs were replicable in prior studies from Denmark or North America, resulting in 273 replicable CpG in girls and 67 CpGs in boys (236 and 68 genes, respectively). Most identified genes are known to be related to biological processes of puberty; however, genetic polymorphisms of only four of these genes were previously linked to pubertal markers in humans. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The relative age of pubertal onset to the age of DNAm measurements does not allow causal inference, since DNAm at an earlier age may have affected the pubertal age or pubertal age may have altered later DNAm. This investigation concentrates on autosomes. CpGs on X and Y chromosomes are not included in the current study. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Assessment of biological processes involved in pubertal transitions should include epigenetic information. Differential DNAm related to puberty needs to be investigated to determine whether it can act as an early marker for adult diseases known to be associated with puberty. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was supported by NIH grants R03HD092776 (Epigenetic characterization of pubertal transitions) and R01AI121226. The 10-year follow-up of this study was funded by National Asthma Campaign, UK (Grant No 364), and the 18-year follow-up by a grant from the National Heart and Blood Institute (R01 HL082925). The authors have no conflicts to report. © 2020 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Serum hepcidin, the hepcidin/ferritin ratio and the risk of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: To perform a meta-analysis on the relationship type 2 diabetes has with serum hepcidin and the hepcidin/ferritin ratio. Methods: The following databases were searched using all relevant keywords: Web of Science, Med-line, Scopus, Embase and Google Scholar. All studies that examined the relationship type 2 diabetes has with serum hepcidin or the hepcidin/ferritin ratio were included in this meta-analysis and systematic review provided, were published in English between 2011 and 2018. A random-effects model was used to pool the standardized mean difference (SMD). Results: The SMD of serum hepcidin among patients with type 2 diabetes and healthy controls were compared across eight studies (ncases=878; ncontrols=2306). The pooled SMD of serum hepcidin did not differ significantly between study groups (SMD: 0.04; 95% confidence interval (CI):-0.29 to 0.35). In contrast, the serum hepcidin/ferritin ratio was examined across five studies (ncases=229; ncontrols=1426) and was found to be negatively associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (SMD:-0.52; 95% confidence interval (CI):-0.85 to-0.19). There was no publication bias found for the associations serum hepcidin (Egger´s test: P =0.97) or the hepcidin/ferritin ratio (Egger´s test: P =0.75) had with type 2 diabetes. Conclusion: Although hepcidin has been proposed as a risk marker for type 2 diabetes, our meta-analysis found that the hepcidin/ferritin ratio was superior to hepcidin alone as a risk marker. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Potential value and impact of data mining and machine learning in clinical diagnostics; Data mining involves the use of mathematical sciences, statistics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning to determine the relationships between variables from a large sample of data. It has previously been shown that data mining can improve the prediction and diagnostic precision of type 2 diabetes mellitus. A few studies have applied machine learning to assess hypertension and metabolic syndrome-related biomarkers, as well as refine the assessment of cardiovascular disease risk. Machine learning methods have also been applied to assess new biomarkers and survival outcomes in patients with renal diseases to predict the development of chronic kidney disease, disease progression, and renal graft survival. In the latter, random forest methods were found to be the best for the prediction of chronic kidney disease. Some studies have investigated the prognosis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and acute liver failure, as well as therapy response prediction in patients with viral disorders, using decision tree models. Machine learning techniques, such as Sparse High-Order Interaction Model with Rejection Option, have been used for diagnosing Alzheimer's disease. Data mining techniques have also been applied to identify the risk factors for serious mental illness, such as depression and dementia, and help to diagnose and predict the quality of life of such patients. In relation to child health, some studies have determined the best algorithms for predicting obesity and malnutrition. Machine learning has determined the important risk factors for preterm birth and low birth weight. Published studies of patients with cancer and bacterial diseases are limited and should perhaps be addressed more comprehensively in future studies. Herein, we provide an in-depth review of studies in which biochemical biomarker data were analyzed using machine learning methods to assess the risk of several common diseases, in order to summarize the potential applications of data mining methods in clinical diagnosis. Data mining techniques have now been increasingly applied to clinical diagnostics, and they have the potential to support this field. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
microRNAs in obesity and metabolic diseases; microRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as key regulators of metabolic processes, playing critical roles in maintaining energy balance and metabolic homeostasis. Dysregulation of miRNAs may contribute to metabolic abnormalities since they play pivotal roles in body fat accumulation, obesity, and obesity-related diseases by directly affecting the status and functions of adipose tissue, pancreas, liver, and muscle. The discovery of circulating miRNAs highlighted their potential as either endocrine signaling molecules or disease indicators. This chapter aims to provide recent findings concerning the contribution of miRNAs to obesity and obesity-related morbid conditions. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
Efficacy and cardiovascular safety of dpp-4 inhibitors; Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors or gliptins belong to the class of incretin mimetics. These drugs have been available on the market for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) for over a decade. Sitagliptin, linagliptin, vildagliptin, saxagliptin and alogliptin are widely available globally, whilst anagliptin, gemigliptin and teneliptin are used mainly in the Asian countries. The glycemic control conferred by DPP-4 inhibitors varies among individual molecules with an average reduction of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) ranging between –0.5 to –1.0% with monotherapy. Additive effects on HbA1c reduction may result from combination therapy with other antidiabetics. Weak evidence from various studies suggests that DPP-4 inhibitors may be useful in treating nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DPP-4 inhibitors safety is not established in pregnancy, and there is only meagre evidence of its use in T2DM among children. In line with the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) recommendations, sitagliptin, linagliptin, saxagliptin and alogliptin have undergone rig-orous cardiovascular outcome trials (CVOTs) in recent years, and the safety data for vildagliptin is available through retrospective analysis of various studies in meta-analysis. Small clinical trial, and meta-analysis based data are available for the CV safety of other DPP-4 inhibitors. In general, the CVOTs and other safety data do not reveal serious warning signals except for saxagliptin (higher risk of hospitalization from heart failure [hHF]), although there is no robust data on the risk of hHF among patients with moderate to severe HF at baseline treated with other DPP-4 inhibitors. This review critically appraises the efficacy and cardiovascular safety of DPP-4 inhibitors to empower clinicians to use this class of antidiabetic medications judiciously. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Role of gut microbiome in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex endocrine disorder that affects 8-13% of women at reproductive age worldwide. This disorder is usually associated with menstrual disorders, infertility, obesity, and insulin resistance. The underlying cause of this syndrome is unknown, however in recent years, researchers have shown an association between intestinal microbiota alterations (dysbiosis) and many types of endocrine diseases. Therefore, this review article aimed to improve understanding about the role of intestinal microbiome in development and progression of polycystic ovary syndrome and the underlying mechanisms of this disease. Based on recent findings on the role of intestinal microbiota in the development of this disease, metabolic control may help to prevent that, however it is not yet conclusive. Exploring possible underlying mechanisms is of particular importance for providing new treatment approaches in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. Studies showed that modification of intestinal microbiome in women with PCOS using probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, and fecal microbiota transplantation could be effective in improving many of the symptoms of this syndrome and preventing further complications. Therefore, gut microbiota modification is recommended to be considered along with other common treatments. Of course, more research is needed in this field. © 2021, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Mitochondrial Dysfunction in Obesity and Reproduction; Mounting evidence suggests a role for mitochondrial dysfunction in the pathogenesis of many diseases, including type 2 diabetes, aging, and ovarian failure. Because of the central role of mitochondria in energy production, heme biosynthesis, calcium buffering, steroidogenesis, and apoptosis signaling within cells, understanding the molecular mechanisms behind mitochondrial dysregulation and its potential implications in disease is critical. This review will take a journey through the past and summarize what is known about mitochondrial dysfunction in various disorders, focusing on metabolic alterations and reproductive abnormalities. Evidence is presented from studies in different human populations, and rodents with genetic manipulations of pathways known to affect mitochondrial function. © 2020 Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society 2020.
Mediterranean diets and diabetes; Mediterranean diets (MDs) are recommended by some authorities for the prevention and management of diabetes, although there is some confusion about the definition and components of MDs. This narrative review explores the definition role of MDs in diabetes. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies and randomised controlled trials reported that MD was effective for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes (GDM). In the management of type 2 diabetes, MD significantly improved glycaemic control and reduced body weight and cardiovascular disease risk. There was insufficient evidence for prevention or management of type 1 diabetes in adults or children and for the management of GDM. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome among children and adolescents in high-income countries: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Introduction. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is an assemblage of interconnected cardiovascular risk factors that are prevalent among children and adolescents in high-income countries (HICs). Despite the presence of several studies on the issue, the study findings are incongruent due to the absence of a gold standard diagnostic method of MetS in children. Thus, the findings of the original studies are inconclusive for policy makers and other stakeholders. This systematic review and meta-analysis is aimed at giving conclusive evidence about MetS among children and adolescents in HICs. Methods. We conducted searches using electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, CINAHL (EBSCOhost), EMBASE (Elsevier), and Medline (EBSCOhost)) and other sources (Google Scholar and Google) up to September 2020. Observational studies reporting the prevalence of MetS were eligible in this study. The pooled estimates were computed in fixed and random effect models using six diagnostic methods (IDF, ATP III, de Ferranti et al., WHO, Weiss et al., and Cruz and Goran). Publication bias was verified using funnel plots and Egger's regression tests. Subgroup and sensitivity analysis were performed in case of higher heterogeneities among the included studies. Result. In this study, 77 studies with a total population of 125,445 children and adolescents were used in the final analysis. Metabolic syndrome among the overweight and obese population was computed from 28 studies with the pooled prevalence of 25.25%, 24.47%, 39.41%, 29.52%, and 33.36% in IDF, ATP III, de Ferranti et al., WHO, and Weiss et al. criteria, respectively. Likewise, 49 studies were eligible to compute the pooled prevalence of MetS in the general population of children and adolescents. Hence, MetS was found in 3.70% (IDF), 5.40% (ATP III), 14.78% (de Ferranti et al.), 3.90% (WHO), and, 4.66% (Cruz and Goran) of study participants. Regarding the components of MetS, abdominal obesity in the overweight and obese population, and low HDL-C in the general population were the most common components. Besides, the prevalence of Mets among males was higher than females. Conclusion. This study demonstrates that MetS among children and adolescents is undoubtedly high in HICs. The prevalence of MetS is higher among males than females. Community-based social and behavioral change communications need to be designed to promote healthy eating behaviors and physical activities. Prospective cohort studies could also help to explore all possible risk factors of MetS and to design specific interventions accordingly. Copyright © 2021 Zebenay Workneh Bitew et al. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Gut microbiota in human metabolic health and disease; Observational findings achieved during the past two decades suggest that the intestinal microbiota may contribute to the metabolic health of the human host and, when aberrant, to the pathogenesis of various common metabolic disorders including obesity, type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic liver disease, cardio-metabolic diseases and malnutrition. However, to gain a mechanistic understanding of how the gut microbiota affects host metabolism, research is moving from descriptive microbiota census analyses to cause-and-effect studies. Joint analyses of high-throughput human multi-omics data, including metagenomics and metabolomics data, together with measures of host physiology and mechanistic experiments in humans, animals and cells hold potential as initial steps in the identification of potential molecular mechanisms behind reported associations. In this Review, we discuss the current knowledge on how gut microbiota and derived microbial compounds may link to metabolism of the healthy host or to the pathogenesis of common metabolic diseases. We highlight examples of microbiota-targeted interventions aiming to optimize metabolic health, and we provide perspectives for future basic and translational investigations within the nascent and promising research field. © 2020, Springer Nature Limited.
The beneficial effects of principal polyphenols from green tea, coffee, wine, and curry on obesity; Several epidemiological studies and clinical trials have reported the beneficial effects of green tea, coffee, wine, and curry on human health, with its anti-obesity, anti-cancer, anti-diabetic, and neuroprotective properties. These effects, which have been supported using cell-based and animal studies, are mainly attributed to epigallocatechin gallate found in green tea, chlorogenic acid in coffee, resveratrol in wine, and curcumin in curry. Polyphenols are proposed to function via various mechanisms, the most important of which is related to reactive oxygen species (ROS). These polyphenols exert conflicting dual actions as anti-and pro-oxidants. Their anti-oxidative actions help scavenge ROS and downregulate nuclear factor-κB to produce favorable anti-inflammatory effects. Meanwhile, pro-oxidant actions appear to promote ROS generation leading to the activation of 5′-AMP-activated protein kinase, which modulates different enzymes and factors with health beneficial roles. Currently, it remains unclear how these polyphenols exert either pro-or anti-oxidant effects. Similarly, several human studies showed no beneficial effects of these foods, and, by extension polyphenols, on obesity. These inconsistencies may be attributed to different confounding study factors. Thus, this review provides a state-of-the-art update on these foods and their principal polyphenol components, with an assumption that it prevents obesity. © 2021 by the authors. Li-censee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of maternal high-fat/high sucrose diet on hepatic lipid metabolism in rat offspring; Maternal obesity and/or high-fat diet during pregnancy predispose the offspring to metabolic disease. It is however unclear how pre-natal and post-natal exposure respectively affect the risk of hepatic steatosis and the trajectory towards non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in the offspring. We investigate hepatic lipid metabolism and how these factors are related to metabolic outcome in new born and young rats. Rat dams were exposed to a high-fat/high sucrose (HFHS) diet for 17 weeks prior to mating and during pregnancy. After birth, female offspring were killed and male offspring were cross-fostered, creating four groups; Control-born pups lactated by control (CC) or HFHS dams (CH) and HFHS-born pups lactated by control (HC) or HFHS dams (HH). At 4 weeks of age, pups were killed and metabolic markers in plasma were assayed, together with hepatic lipid composition and expression of relevant genes. Female HFHS neonates had smaller livers at birth (P <.05), a reduced hepatic lipid content (P <.05) and altered lipid composition. The post-natal environment dominated the metabolic profile in the male offspring at 4 weeks of age. Offspring exposed to a HFHS environment post-natally had increased adiposity (P <.0001), increased hepatic triacylglycrol accumulation (P <.0001), and an altered lipid profile with elevated n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels (P <.0001) and a reduction in ceramide (P <.001) and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) (P <.0001). In summary, maternal HFHS diet during gestation affects the hepatic lipid profile in neonates. The pre-natal exposure becomes less pronounced in young male offspring at 4 weeks of age, where the post-natal diet has the largest impact. © 2020 The Authors. Clinical and Experimental Pharmacology and Physiology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Improvement effect of Metformin on female and male reproduction in endocrine pathologies and its mechanisms; Metformin (MF), a first-line drug to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), alone and in combination with other drugs, restores the ovarian function in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and improves fetal development, pregnancy outcomes and offspring health in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and T2DM. MF treatment is demonstrated to improve the efficiency of in vitro fertilization and is considered a supplementary drug in assisted reproductive technologies. MF administration shows positive effect on steroidogenesis and spermatogenesis in men with metabolic disorders, thus MF treatment indicates prospective use for improvement of male reproductive functions and fertility. MF lacks teratogenic effects and has positive health effect in newborns. The review is focused on use of MF therapy for restoration of female and male reproductive functions and improvement of pregnancy outcomes in metabolic and endocrine disorders. The mechanisms of MF action are discussed, including normalization of metabolic and hormonal status in PCOS, GDM, T2DM and metabolic syndrome and restoration of functional activity and hormonal regulation of the gonadal axis. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipose tissue development and lipid metabolism in the human fetus: The 2020 perspective focusing on maternal diabetes and obesity; During development, the human fetus accrues the highest proportion of fat of all mammals. Precursors of fat lobules can be found at week 14 of pregnancy. Thereafter, they expand, filling with triacylglycerols during pregnancy. The resultant mature lipid-filled adipocytes emerge from a developmental programme of embryonic stem cells, which is regulated differently than adult adipogenesis. Fetal triacylglycerol synthesis uses glycerol and fatty acids derived predominantly from glycolysis and lipogenesis in liver and adipocytes. The fatty acid composition of fetal adipose tissue at the end of pregnancy shows a preponderance of palmitic acid, and differs from the mother. Maternal diabetes mellitus does not influence this fatty acid profile. Glucose oxidation is the main source of energy for the fetus, but mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation also contributes. Indirect evidence suggests the presence of lipoprotein lipase in fetal adipose tissue. Its activity may be increased under hyperinsulinemic conditions as in maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity, thereby contributing to increased triacylglycerol deposition found in the newborns of such pregnancies. Fetal lipolysis is low. Changes in the expression of genes controlling metabolism in fetal adipose tissue appear to contribute actively to the increased neonatal fat mass found in diabetes and obesity. Many of these processes are under endocrine regulation, principally by insulin, and show sex-differences. Novel fatty acid derived signals such as oxylipins are present in cord blood with as yet undiscovered function. Despite many decades of research on fetal lipid deposition and metabolism, many key questions await answers. © 2020 The Author(s)
Metabolic benefits of probiotic combination with absorbent smectite in type 2 diabetes patients a randomised controlled trial; Background: Numerous non-drug therapies have emerged in recent years for the prevention and improvement of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, therapies based on dietary modification and/or microbiota may replace a large part of drug therapies in the coming years. Aim: The aim of the current study was to conduct placebo-controlled randomize clinical trial for the efficiency of a combination of multiprobiotics with smectite absorbent gel (Symbiter-Forte for-mulation) as an adjunction to the standard anti-diabetic therapy. Methods: A total of 55 patients met the criteria and were included in double-blind single center RCT, to receive “Symbiter-Smectite” or placebo for 8-weeks administered as a sachet formulation. The primary outcome was the change in HOMA2-IR and insulin sensitivity (% S). Secondary outcomes were glycemic control parameters, β-cells functional activity, anthropometric parameters and markers of a chronic systemic inflammatory response. Results: Combined use of the probiotic mixture with smectite leads to a significant reduction in HOMA2-IR (3.14±0.97 vs 2.79±0.85; р=0.009) and improvement in % S (34.65±9.92 vs 39.42±12.78; p=0.011) after 8 weeks of the treatment period. Simultaneously, in the secondary outcome analysis lowering of HbA1c, waist circumference but not BMI and pro-inflammatory cy-tokines IL-1β (p=0.004), TNF-α (p=0.008), IL-6 (p=0.005) and IL-8 (p=0.042) were detected. In placebo group, changes were insignificant. Conclusion: Probiotic with smectite due to its absorbent activity and stabilization mucus layer properties can impact the synergistic enhancement of a single effect, which manifested with a significant reduction in IR, waist circumference, markers of chronic systemic inflammation and improvement of glycemic profile as compared to placebo. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Amino-acid amendment of Arginine-325-Tryptophan in rs13266634 genetic polymorphism studies of the SLC30A8 gene with type 2 diabetes-mellitus patients featuring a positive family history in the Saudi population; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a complex metabolic disorder with chronic hyperglycemia. Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified many genes and, among them, solute carrier family 30 member 8 (SLC30A8) was one of the important genes linked to the development of T2DM risk. The relationship between T2DM and the SLC30A8 gene is linked through zinc, which plays a key role in the storage and secretion of insulin. The rs13266634 polymorphism includes a strong genetic association in case-control and meta-analysis studies of the global population. The aim of this current study was to scrutinize the genetic relationship between the rs13266634 polymorphism in the SLC30A8 gene with T2DM subjects selected with a family history in the Saudi population. This study involved 120 cases of diagnosed T2DM and 120 confirmed healthy controls that were recruited to screen rs13266634 polymorphisms through a genotyping analysis followed by PCR and RFLP analysis. Baseline characteristics between cases and controls have been evaluated with Student's t-test. The study results confirmed the genetic association between the allele (p = 0.001), genotypes (CT = 0.005 and TT = 0.03), and various genetic patterns of inheritance (p = 0.001 and p = 0.02). Both analysis of variance (ANOVA) and binary logistic regression analysis revealed non-signiifcant association with T2DM cases and biochemical parameters (p > 0.05). In conclusion, the current results have confirmed the strong genetic association between T2DM cases and controls in the Saudi population with rs13266634 polymorphisms of the SLC30A8 gene. © 2020 The Author(s)
Fatty Acid Metabolism and Associations with Insulin Sensitivity Differs between Black and White South African Women; Purpose: Genetic differences in desaturase genes and consequently fatty acid metabolism have been reported. The aims were to examine ethnic differences in serum fatty acid composition and desaturase indices, and assess the ethnic-specific associations with insulin sensitivity (IS) and liver fat in black and white South African (SA) women. Methods: In this cross-sectional study including 92 premenopausal black (n = 46) and white (n = 46) SA women, serum fatty acid composition was measured in cholesteryl ester (CE) and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) fractions. Desaturase activities were estimated as product-to-precursor ratios: stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1-16, 16:1n-7/16:0); δ-5 desaturase (D5D, 20:4n-6/20:3n-6), and δ-6 desaturase (D6D, 18:3n-6/18:2n-6). Whole-body IS was estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test using the Matsuda index. In a subsample (n = 30), liver fat and hepatic IS were measured by 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy and hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp, respectively. Results: Despite lower whole-body IS (P = .006), black women had higher CE D5D and lower D6D and SCD1-16 indices than white women (P < .01). CE D6D index was associated with lower IS in white women only (r = -0.31, P = .045), whereas D5D index was associated with higher IS in black women only (r = 0.31, P = .041). In the subsample, D6D and SCD1-16 indices were positively and D5D was negatively associated with liver fat (P < .05). Conversely, CE SCD1-16 was negatively associated with hepatic IS (P < .05), but not independently of liver fat. Conclusions: Ethnic differences in fatty acid-derived desaturation indices were observed, with insulin-resistant black SA women paradoxically showing a fatty acid pattern typical for higher insulin sensitivity in European populations. © 2020 The Author(s).
Gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus, characterised as glucose intolerance first recognised during the second or third trimester of pregnancy, which is clearly not type 1 or type 2 diabetes, imposes a significant burden on maternal and neonatal health. Women with gestational diabetes are at an increased risk of subsequent progression to type 2 diabetes, a chronic metabolic disorder associated with multiple comorbidities and reduced life expectancy. This chapter will underline the pathophysiological mechanisms involved in gestational diabetes, review the current guidelines and recommendations for screening and disease management, discuss future prognosis for both mother and child, as well as look into post-partum care strategies to delay or prevent type 2 diabetes onset. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
L-carnitine and acylcarnitines: Mitochondrial biomarkers for precision medicine; Biomarker discovery and implementation are at the forefront of the precision medicine movement. Modern advances in the field of metabolomics afford the opportunity to readily identify new metabolite biomarkers across a wide array of disciplines. Many of the metabolites are derived from or directly reflective of mitochondrial metabolism. L-carnitine and acylcarnitines are established mitochondrial biomarkers used to screen neonates for a series of genetic disorders affecting fatty acid oxidation, known as the inborn errors of metabolism. However, L-carnitine and acylcarnitines are not routinely measured beyond this screening, despite the growing evidence that shows their clinical utility outside of these disorders. Measurements of the carnitine pool have been used to identify the disease and prognosticate mortality among disorders such as diabetes, sepsis, cancer, and heart failure, as well as identify subjects experiencing adverse drug reactions from various medications like valproic acid, clofazimine, zidovudine, cisplatin, propofol, and cyclosporine. The aim of this review is to collect and interpret the literature evidence supporting the clinical biomarker application of L-carnitine and acylcarnitines. Further study of these metabolites could ultimately provide mechanistic insights that guide therapeutic decisions and elucidate new pharmacologic targets. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Benefits of resistance training in older adults; Aging is a natural process that may lead to detrimental health depending on someone’s lifestyle, family history, psychological/psychosocial health, chronic medical conditions, and genetics. However, whether the later conditions lead to faster aging or vice versa, maintaining a healthy lifestyle and psychological health has been shown to delay the process of aging and its associated problems. Two major problems that older adults face today are the inability to perform everyday tasks (defined as activities of daily living) and the increased risk of falls. Lack of muscular function (including neuromuscular function) and bone health is associated with the inability to perform the Activity of Daily Living (ADL) and increased risk of falls. This risk of falls has been associated with cardiovascular-related mortality in older adults. Research has shown that resistance exercises can maintain normal blood glucose levels, lipids, and cholesterol, and hence the management of chronic conditions like cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus. Additionally, resistance exercises hinder the process of muscular (and neuromuscular) damage, improve bone health and psychological health and sleep. This mini-review will discuss the benefits of resistance exercises on reversing or at least ceasing the process of developing conditions associated with aging. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
The relationship between vitamin D deficiency and oxidative stress can be independent of age and gender; The active vitamin D (1,25(OH)2D) acts through a nuclear receptor to perform several functions in cellular metabolism. 1,25(OH)2D participates directly in calcium homeostasis, regulates the immune system, nervous system, blood pressure, insulin secretion, among others. Vitamin D deficiency could also be associated with several diseases and increased cellular oxidative damage. The present study aimed to investigate whether lipid peroxidation and/or protein oxidation are affected by vitamin D deficiency and whether sunlight exposure/diet, gender, and age might influence this relationship. Vitamin D concentrations were obtained from the Heart Hospital database and a questionnaire was applied among the 212 participants. We used the inactive vitamin D (25(OH)2) in the analyses since 1,25(OH)2D has a short half-life and a low blood concentration. Lipid peroxidation and protein oxidation analyses were performed using spectrophotometry. Multivariate analyses suggested the participation of vitamin D deficiency (<30ng/mL) and sunlight/diet in oxidative stress (p <0.05; R2MDA: 0.562; R2CG: 0.429). Multiple linear regression test show that the age and gender of patients are not interfering in the analyses (p>0.05). Therefore, we suggest that the relationship between vitamin D deficiency and oxidative stress can be independent of age and gender. © 2021 Hogrefe Verlag GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
Natural alkaloids and diabetes mellitus: A review; Background: The use of herbal therapies for treatment and management of diabetes mellitus and complications associated with this chronic condition is increasing. Plants contain a bounty of phytochemicals that have been proven to be protective by reducing the risk of various ailments and diseases, including alkaloids. Moreover, alkaloids are known to be among the oldest natural products used by humans for highlighting drugs that play crucial roles as therapeutic agents. The reason for this expanding interest and uses of alkaloids as a part of plant natural compounds-based treatments is that a significant proportion of diabetic patients do not respond very well to conventional therapeutic medication. Furthermore, other explanations to this fact are the cost of medication, side-effects, accessibility, and availability of health facilities and drugs and the inefficiency of these medicines in certain cases. Objective: In this study we aimed to review the literature on the valuable effects of herbs and plants and their isolated alkaloids compounds as medication for management of diabetes, a prevalent risk factor for several other disorders and illnesses. Methods: In the current review, PubMed, ScienceDirect, Springer and google scholar databases were used and the criterion for inclusion was based on the following keywords and phrases: diabetes, hyperglycemia, complications of diabetes, alkaloids, antidiabetic alkaloids, hypoglycemic al-kaloids, alkaloids and complications of diabetes mellitus, mechanisms of action and alkaloids. Results: In the current review, we demonstrate that alkaloids in the form of extracts and isolated molecules obtained from a large variety of species demonstrated their efficiency for improving raises in blood glucose either in animal models via experimental studies or in human subjects via clinical trials. Medicinal species as chillies (Capsicum annuum), turmeric (Curcuma longa), barberry (Berberis vulgaris) and cress (Lepidium sativum) are among the most common and therapeutic plants used for controlling diabetes that were the subject of several experimental and clinical investigations. Whereas, isolated alkaloids such as berberine, capsaicin and trigonelline have received more interest in this field. Interestingly, the therapeutic impact of alkaloids against blood glucose pathogenesis is mediated through a variety of signaling cascades and pathways, via inhibiting or stimulating diversity of systems such as inhibition of α-glucosidase enzyme, blockade of PT-P-1B, deactivation of DPP-IV, increasing insulin sensitivity and modulating the oxidative stress. Conclusion: Based on the findings of the present review, alkaloids could be used as preventive and curative agents in the case of endocrine disorders, particularly diabetes and could play a promoting function for the discovery of new antidiabetic agents. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Probiotics supplementation improves hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension in type 2 diabetes mellitus: An update of meta-analysis; Background: Although many studies have shown that consumption of probiotics is relevant to diabetes, the effects of probiotics improves clinical outcomes in type 2 diabetes have yielded conflicting results. The aim of this meta-analysis was conducted to assess the effects of probiotics supplementation on glycemic, blood lipids, pressure and inflammatory control in type 2 diabetes. Methods: PubMed, Web of science, Embase and the Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant studies from February 2015 up to Janurary 2020, with no language restrictions. The pooled results were calculated with the use of a random-effects model to assess the impact of supplemental probiotics on glycemic, blood lipids, pressure and inflammatory control in type 2 diabetes. Additionally, subgroup analysis was conducted based on patients age, body mass index (BMI), country and duration of the probiotics supplement, respectively. Results: 13 studies were included in this meta-analysis, involving a total of 818 participants in 8 countries. Overall, compared with control groups, the subjects who received multiple species of probiotics had a statistically significant reduction in fasting blood sugar (FBS), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) -α [standardized mean difference (SMD): −0.89 mg/Dl, 95% CI: −1.66, −0.12 mg/dL; SMD: −0.43, 95% CI: −0.63, −0.23; SMD: −0.19 mg/dL, 95% CI: −0.36, −0.01 mg/dL; SMD: −0.23 mg/dL, 95% CI: −0.40, −0.05 mg/dL; SMD: −5.61 mmHg, 95% CI: −9.78, −1.45 mmHg; SMD: −3.41 mmHg, 95% CI: −6.12, −0.69 mmHg; and SMD: 6.92 pg/ml, 95% CI: 5.95, 7.89 pg/ml, respectively]. However, the subjects who received single-species of probiotic or probiotic with co-supplements in food only changed FBS, HOMA-IR, DBP and TG levels. Moreover, subgroup analyses revealed that the effects of probiotics supplementation on FBS, HMOA-IR, SBP and DBP are significantly influenced by patients age, body mass index (BMI), country and duration of the probiotics supplement. Conclusion: Our analysis revealed that glycemic, lipids, blood pressure and inflammation indicators are significantly improved by probiotic supplementation, particularly the subjects who ages ≤ 55, baseline BMI< 30 kg/m2, duration of intervention more than 8 weeks, and received multiple species probiotic. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
FGF19 and FGF21 for the Treatment of NASH—Two Sides of the Same Coin? Differential and Overlapping Effects of FGF19 and FGF21 From Mice to Human; FGF19 and FGF21 analogues are currently in clinical development for the potential treatment of NASH. In Phase 2 clinical trials analogues of FGF19 and FGF21 decrease hepatic steatosis with up to 70% (MRI-PDFF) after 12 weeks and as early as 12–16 weeks of treatment an improvement in NASH resolution and fibrosis has been observed. Therefore, this class of compounds is currently of great interest in the field of NASH. FGF19 and FGF21 belong to the endocrine FGF19 subfamily and both require the co-receptor beta-klotho for binding and signalling through the FGF receptors. FGF19 is expressed in the ileal enterocytes and is released into the enterohepatic circulation in response to bile acids stimuli and in the liver FGF19 inhibits hepatic bile acids synthesis by transcriptional regulation of Cyp7A1, which is the rate limiting enzyme. FGF21 is, on the other hand, highly expressed in the liver and is released in response to high glucose, high free-fatty acids and low amino-acid supply and regulates energy, glucose and lipid homeostasis by actions in the CNS and in the adipose tissue. FGF19 and FGF21 are differentially expressed, have distinct target tissues and separate physiological functions. It is therefore of peculiar interest to understand why treatment with both FGF19 and FGF21 analogues have strong beneficial effects on NASH parameters in mice and human and whether the mode of action is overlapping This review will highlight the physiological and pharmacological effects of FGF19 and FGF21. The potential mode of action behind the anti-steatotic, anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects of FGF19 and FGF21 will be discussed. Finally, development of drugs is always a risk benefit analysis and the human relevance of adverse effects observed in pre-clinical species as well as findings in humans will be discussed. The aim is to provide a comprehensive overview of the current understanding of this drug class for the potential treatment of NASH. © Copyright © 2020 Henriksson and Andersen.
Lipid ratios representing SCD1, FADS1, and FADS2 activities as candidate biomarkers of early growth and adiposity; Background: Altered lipid metabolism in early life has been associated with subsequent weight gain and predicting this could aid in obesity prevention and risk management. Here, a lipidomic approach was used to identify circulating markers for future obesity risk in translational murine models and validate in a human infant cohort. Methods: Lipidomics was performed on the plasma of APOE*3 Leiden, Ldlr-/-.Leiden, and the wild-type C57BL/6J mice to capture candidate biomarkers predicting subsequent obesity parameters after exposure to high-fat diet. The identified candidate biomarkers were mapped onto corresponding lipid metabolism pathways and were investigated in the Cambridge Baby Growth Study. Infants’ growth and adiposity were measured at 0-24 months. Capillary dried blood spots were sampled at 3 months for lipid profiling analysis. Findings: From the mouse models, cholesteryl esters were correlated with subsequent weight gain and other obesity parameters after HFD period (Spearman's r≥0.5, FDR p values <0.05) among APOE*3 Leiden and Ldlr-/-.Leiden mice, but not among the wild-type C57BL/6J. Pathway analysis showed that those identified cholesteryl esters were educts or products of desaturases activities: stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1) and fatty acid desaturase (FADS) 1 and 2. In the human cohort, lipid ratios affected by SCD1 at 3 months was inversely associated with 3-12 months weight gain (B±SE=-0.31±0.14, p=0.027), but positively with 12-24 months weight and adiposity gains (0.17±0.07, p=0.02 and 0.17±0.07, 0.53±0.26, p=0.04, respectively). Lipid ratios affected by SCD1 and FADS2 were inversely associated with adiposity gain but positively with height gain between 3-12 months. Interpretation: From murine models to human setting, the ratios of circulating lipid species indicating key desaturase activities in lipid metabolism were associated with subsequent body size increase, providing a potential tool to predict early life weight gain. © 2020 The Author(s)
Chitin and Chitosan Derivatives as Biomaterial Resources for Biological and Biomedical Applications; Chitin is a long-chain polymer of N-acetyl-glucosamine, which is regularly found in the exoskeleton of arthropods including insects, shellfish and the cell wall of fungi. It has been known that chitin can be used for biological and biomedical applications, especially as a biomaterial for tissue repairing, encapsulating drug for drug delivery. However, chitin has been postulated as an inducer of proinflammatory cytokines and certain diseases including asthma. Likewise, chitosan, a long-chain polymer of N-acetyl-glucosamine and d-glucosamine derived from chitin deacetylation, and chitosan oligosaccharide, a short chain polymer, have been known for their potential therapeutic effects, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antidiarrheal, and anti-Alzheimer effects. This review summarizes potential utilization and limitation of chitin, chitosan and chitosan oligosaccharide in a variety of diseases. Furthermore, future direction of research and development of chitin, chitosan, and chitosan oligosaccharide for biomedical applications is discussed. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Chapter 2: Maternal Nutrition and the Risk of Obesity and Diabetes in the Offspring; Epidemiological observations and work in experimental models in animals have highlighted the link between the nutritional environment in early life and an increased risk for offspring to develop a range of cardiometabolic and reproductive disorders in later life. This framework falls under the "Developmental Origins of Health and Disease"(DOHaD) hypothesis via a process termed developmental programming. Altered maternal nutrition, including undernutrition, overnutrition and specific micronutrient deficiencies during critical early windows of developmental plasticity, results in adaptive processes that confer short-term survival advantages but can lead to lifelong adverse impacts on the health of offspring. These effects are amplified postnatally via an obesogenic diet and sedentary behaviour and can also be passed on to future generations. The mechanistic basis of early-life programming remains largely undefined. However, involvement of epigenetic mechanisms, such as altered DNA methylation, histone modifications and miRNAs, has been implicated in addition to permanent structural changes during organ development. Further, at least in animal models, aberrant developmental programming can be reversed via targeted nutritional supplementation during early life, albeit in a sex-specific manner. A better understanding of early nutritional programming and how disease traits are transmitted across future generations is essential for the development of preventative strategies aimed at addressing the current health crisis around obesity and related metabolic disorders.  © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2019.
A 12-week aerobic exercise intervention results in improved metabolic function and lower adipose tissue and ectopic fat in high-fat diet fed rats; Investigations of long-term exercise interventions in humans to reverse obesity is expensive and is hampered by poor compliance and confounders. In the present study, we investigated intrahepatic and muscle fat, visceral and subcutaneous fat pads, plasma metabolic profile and skeletal muscle inflammatory markers in response to 12-week aerobic exercise in an obese rodent model. Six-week-old male Wistar rats (n=20) were randomized to chow-fed control (Control, n=5), sedentary high-fat diet (HFD, n=5), chow-fed exercise (Exercise, n=5) and HFD-fed exercise (HFD+Exercise, n=5) groups. The exercise groups were subjected to 12 weeks of motorized treadmill running at a speed of 18 m/min for 30 min/day. Differences in post-intervention measures were assessed by analysis of covariance (ANCOVA), adjusted for baseline bodyweight and pre-intervention measures, where available. Post-hoc analyses were performed with Bonferroni correction. Plasma metabolic profile was worsened and fat pads, ectopic fat in muscle and liver and inflammatory markers in skeletal muscle were elevated in sedentary HFD-fed animals relative to chow-fed controls. HFD+Exercise animals had significantly lower leptin (P=0.0004), triglycerides (P=0.007), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; P=0.065), intramyocellular lipids (IMCLs; P=0.003), intrahepatic lipids (IHLs; P<0.0001), body fat% (P=0.001), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT; P<0.0001), visceral adipose (P<0.0001) and total fat mass (P<0.0001), relative to sedentary HFD-fed animals, despite only modestly lower bodyweight. Messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of inflammatory markers Interleukin 6 (IL6) and Tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα) were also reduced with aerobic exercise in skeletal muscle. Our results suggest that 12 weeks of aerobic exercise training is effective in improving metabolic health, fat depots, ectopic fat and inflammation even against a high-fat dietary background. © 2021 The Author(s). This is an open access article published by Portland Press Limited on behalf of the Biochemical Society and distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0 (CC BY).
High maternal omega-3 supplementation dysregulates body weight and leptin in newborn male and female rats: Implications for hypothalamic developmental programming; Maternal diet is critical for offspring development and long-term health. Here we investigated the effects of a poor maternal diet pre-conception and during pregnancy on metabolic outcomes and the developing hypothalamus in male and female offspring at birth. We hypothesised that offspring born to dams fed a diet high in fat and sugar (HFSD) peri-pregnancy will have dis-rupted metabolic outcomes. We also determined if these HFSD-related effects could be reversed by a shift to a healthier diet post-conception, in particular to a diet high in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω3 PUFAs), since ω3 PUFAs are considered essential for normal neurodevelopment. Unexpectedly, our data show that there are minimal negative effects of maternal HFSD on newborn pups. On the other hand, consumption of an ω3-replete diet during pregnancy altered several developmental parameters. As such, pups born to high-ω3-fed dams weighed less for their length, had reduced circulating leptin, and also displayed sex-specific disruption in the expression of hy-pothalamic neuropeptides. Collectively, our study shows that maternal intake of a diet rich in ω3 PUFAs during pregnancy may be detrimental for some metabolic developmental outcomes in the offspring. These data indicate the importance of a balanced dietary intake in pregnancy and highlight the need for further research into the impact of maternal ω3 intake on offspring development and long-term health. © 2020 by the authors.
Biological role of zonulin: A biomarker of increased intestinal permeability syndrome; Both changes in diet and pathological conditions caused by an infectious agent, allergic or autoimmune inflammatory process, affect the biological rhythms of the digestive tract, which negatively affects the intestinal microbiota and increases the permeability of the intestinal mucosa. The altered microbiota potentiates inflammation and causes a “vicious circle”. The zonulin protein is the agent that modulates the density of intercellular connections. The review presents data on the biological role of zonulin, correction of its synthesis violation with the help of functional products for baby food. © 2021 National Academy of Pediatric Science and Innovation. All rights reserved.
Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptors (PPAR), fatty acids and microRNAs: Implications in women delivering low birth weight babies.; Low birth weight (LBW) babies are associated with neonatal morbidity and mortality and are at increased risk for noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) in later life. However, the molecular determinants of LBW are not well understood. Placental insufficiency/dysfunction is the most frequent etiology for fetal growth restriction resulting in LBW and placental epigenetic processes are suggested to be important regulators of pregnancy outcome. Early life exposures like altered maternal nutrition may have long-lasting effects on the health of the offspring via epigenetic mechanisms like DNA methylation and microRNA (miRNA) regulation. miRNAs have been recognized as major regulators of gene expression and are known to play an important role in placental development. Angiogenesis in the placenta is known to be regulated by transcription factor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) which is activated by ligands such as long-chain-polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA). In vitro studies in different cell types indicate that fatty acids can influence epigenetic mechanisms like miRNA regulation. We hypothesize that maternal fatty acid status may influence the miRNA regulation of PPAR genes in the placenta in women delivering LBW babies. This review provides an overview of miRNAs and their regulation of PPAR gene in the placenta of women delivering LBW babies.Abbreviations: AA - Arachidonic Acid; Ago2 - Argonaute2; ALA - Alpha-Linolenic Acid; ANGPTL4 - Angiopoietin-Like Protein 4; C14MC - Chromosome 14 miRNA Cluster; C19MC - Chromosome 19 miRNA Cluster; CLA - Conjugated Linoleic Acid; CSE - Cystathionine γ-Lyase; DHA - Docosahexaenoic Acid; EFA–Essential Fatty Acids; E2F3 - E2F transcription factor 3; EPA - Eicosapentaenoic Acid; FGFR1 - Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor 1; GDM - Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; hADMSCs - Human Adipose Tissue-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells; hBMSCs - Human Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells; HBV - Hepatitis B Virus; HCC - Hepatocellular Carcinoma; HCPT - Hydroxycamptothecin; HFD–High-Fat Diet; Hmads - Human Multipotent Adipose-Derived Stem; HSCS - Human Hepatic Stellate Cells; IUGR - Intrauterine Growth Restriction; LA - Linoleic Acid; LBW - Low Birth Weight; LCPUFA–Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; MEK1 - Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 1; MiRNA - MicroRNA; mTOR - Mammalian Target of Rapamycin; NCDs - NonCommunicable Diseases; OA - Oleic Acid; PASMC - Pulmonary Artery Smooth Muscle Cell; PLAG1 - Pleiomorphic Adenoma Gene 1; PPAR - Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor; PPARα - PPAR alpha; PPARγ - PPAR gamma; PPARδ - PPAR delta; pre-miRNA - precursor miRNA; RISC - RNA-Induced Silencing Complex; ROS - Reactive Oxygen Species; SAT - Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue; WHO - World Health Organization. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A systematic review of microRNA expression studies with exposure to bisphenol A; Bisphenol A (BPA), as a common industrial component, is generally consumed in the synthesis of polymeric materials. To gain a deeper understanding of the detrimental effects of BPA, BPA-induced microRNA (miRNA) alterations were investigated. A systematic search was performed in the PubMed, SCOPUS and Web of Science databases to evoke relevant published data up to August 10, 2019. We identified altered miRNAs that have been repeated in at least three studies. Moreover, miRNA homology analysis between human and nonhuman species was performed to determine the toxicity signatures of BPA in human exposure. In addition, to reflect the effects of environmental exposure levels of BPA, the study designs were categorized into two groups, including low and high doses according to the previous definitions. In total, 28 studies encountered our criteria and 17 miRNAs were identified that were differentially expressed in at least three independent studies. Upregulating miR-146a and downregulating miR-192, miR-134, miR-27b and miR-324 were found in three studies. MiR-122 and miR-29a were upregulated in four studies after BPA exposure, and miR-21 was upregulated in six studies. The results indicate that BPA at low-level exposures can also alter miRNA expression in response to toxicity. Finally, the miRNA-related pathways showed that BPA seriously can affect human health through various cell signaling pathways, which were predictable and consistent with existing studies. Overall, our findings suggest that further studies should be conducted to examine the role of miRNA level changes in human BPA exposure. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Normal-weight obesity: A hidden pandemic; There is a large proportion of individuals affected with type 2 diabetes and metabolic disorders in the south Asian population. However, as per the recent global burden of disease study, there are very few individuals with obesity located in this region. This paradox has reinforced the concept of normal-weight obesity, actually originated in 1981 as metabolically obese normal-weight individual (MONW). It is defined as presence of normal weight despite presence of an increased body fat percentage. The several deterrents in the diagnosis and management of normal-weight obesity, as well as of metabolically normal obese subjects, are addressed in this chapter. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
The effects of probiotic/synbiotic supplementation compared to placebo on biomarkers of oxidative stress in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and aims: During the last decades, there has been a burst of scientific literature hypothesizing the antioxidant effect of probiotics. However, the results of these studies are inconsistent and a final conclusion has yet to be reached. Thus, the aim of this study was to assess the effects of probiotic/synbiotic supplementation on serum total antioxidant capacity (TAC), glutathione (GSH), malondialdehyde (MDA) and nitric oxide (NO) levels in adults. Methods and Results: The following online databases were searched until August 26th 2020: PubMed/Medline, Scopus, Clarivate Analytics Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Science Direct, Google Scholar and Igaku Chuo Zasshi. The effect sizes were expressed as the weighted mean difference (WMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). A total of 31 eligible trials with 1681 participants (839 cases and 842 controls) were included in this meta-analysis. The results revealed that the supplementation with probiotics/synbiotics, significantly increased serum TAC (WMD: 54.14 mmol/L, 95% CI: 27.87, 80.40, P < 0.001), GSH (WMD: 40.38 μmol/L, 95% CI: 20.72, 60.03, P < 0.001) and NO (WMD: 3.54 μmol/L, 95% CI: 1.73, 5.34, P < 0.001) levels. In addition, MDA levels were significantly reduced (WMD: −0.45 μmol/L, 95% CI: −0.58,−0.32, P < 0.001) following probiotic/synbiotic supplementation. None of the variables showed a significant change in the sensitivity analysis. Conclusion: Available evidence suggests that probiotic/synbiotic supplementation can significantly increase serum TAC, GSH and NO, as well as reduce MDA levels in adults. Therefore, probiotic/synbiotic supplementation may play a role in improving antioxidant indices and reducing oxidative stress in the body. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Biosynthesis of myo-inositol in Escherichia coli by engineering myo-inositol-1-phosphate pathway; Myo-inositol is widely used in drug, food and animal feed industries. In this study, the myo-inositol biosynthetic pathway was established in Escherichia coli by introducing the myo-inositol-1-phosphate synthase-encoding gene (INO1) from Saccharomyces cerevisiae SC288. The production of myo-inositol was also investigated in shake flasks. The results showed that gene INO1 was succefully expressed in E. coli as verified by SDS-PAGE analysis. The initial glucose concentrations in M9 media had a positive impact on the production of myo-inositol and acetic acid, OD600 of cells and plasmid stability. The highest concentration of myo-inositol was obtained at the initial glucose concentration of 30 g/L, which reached 887 mg/L. When the initial concentration of glucose was 40 g/L, a lot of acetic acid was accumulated (8.53 g/L), causing slightly decrease in the concentration of myo-inositol. The recombinant plasmid was more unstable at higher initial concentration of glucose as compared to a lower one. 797 mg/L of myo-inositol was ultimately produced in a 1 L shake flask at the initial glucose concentration of 10 g/L. The maximal OD600 of cells and the highest concentration of acetic acid were 7.18 and 3.05 g/L, respectively. This study lays good foundation for understanding the biosynthesis of myo-inositol in E. coli and provides the possibility of applying myo-inositol to the industrial production by recombinant E. coli in future. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Efficacy and cardiovascular safety of alpha glucosidase inhibitors; Alpha Glucosidase Inhibitors (AGIs) are a group of drugs which act on the gastrointestinal tract and help in reducing fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia by reducing the absorption of carbohydrates. This group comprises Acarbose, Miglitol and Voglibose. They are available on the market for almost three decades now. When used as monotherapy, Glycated Haemoglobin (H-bA1c) reduction can be as high as 0.77%, which is predominantly noted in the Eastern Asian population and those on a high carbohydrate diet. There is a more pronounced reduction in HbA1c in those who present with higher baseline values. Despite not showing a significant cardiovascular benefit with regards to mortality and morbidity, they have proven to be a safe class of drugs which can be used in patients not tolerating various other anti-diabetic agents due to their local site of action and poor systemic absorption. Though they are available worldwide, AGIs are used more often in the Far East and South Asia. They have shown benefits in reducing the development of diabetes when used in those with impaired glucose tolerance or pre-diabetes. They have been shown to improve postprandial hyperglycemia, which in itself is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity. These have proven their safety from both cardiovascular and non-cardiovascular per-spectives and can be combined with any class of anti-diabetic agents. They are not favoured in most of the current Western Guidelines due to their modest HbA1c reduction, neutrality with cardiovascular benefit as well as their significant gastrointestinal side effect profile. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Plasma levels of interleukin-38 in healthy aging and in type 2 diabetes; Plasma levels of interleukin (IL)-38 were evaluated in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and healthy controls. Plasma IL-38 was higher in T2DM patients and positively related to waist/hip ratio, HbA1c, uric acid, liver function tests, triglycerides and total proteins. Patients suffering from diabetic nephropathy had the highest IL-38 levels. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Early AGEing and metabolic diseases: Is perinatal exposure to glycotoxins programming for adult-life metabolic syndrome?; Perinatal early nutritional disorders are critical for the developmental origins of health and disease. Glycotoxins, or advanced glycation end-products, and their precursors such as the methylglyoxal, which are formed endogenously and commonly found in processed foods and infant formulas, may be associated with acute and long-term metabolic disorders. Besides general aspects of glycotoxins, such as their endogenous production, exogenous sources, and their role in the development of metabolic syndrome, we discuss in this review the sources of perinatal exposure to glycotoxins and their involvement in metabolic programming mechanisms. The role of perinatal glycotoxin exposure in the onset of insulin resistance, central nervous system development, cardiovascular diseases, and early aging also are discussed, as are possible interventions that may prevent or reduce such effects.  © 2020 The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Role and Risk Factors of Glycosylated Hemoglobin Levels in Early Disease Screening; Objective. To clarify the correlation among glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), gender, age, fatty liver, and biochemical indicators through the analysis of big database, and to further investigate the risk factors affecting HbA1c, so as to lay a foundation for the study of HbA1c-related diseases and disease management. Methods. People who have been examined in Health Promotion Center from July 2018 to June 2019 were selected as the research objects. All data were analyzed using the Windows R software (version 3.5.1). Detailed medical history inquiry, laboratory examination, and B-ultrasound examination were carried out for the selected sample population. We determined the sample population according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria and, then, further grouped and analyzed the data. T-test or Mann-Whitney U test was used for continuous variable comparison, and chi-square test was used to compare categorical variables. Logistic regression analysis was used to analyze the risk factors of HbA1c. Results. A total of 23,933 subjects were included in this study. The HbA1c level of men was significantly higher than that of women, the HbA1c level of the group with diabetes was higher than that of the group with no diabetes, and the HbA1c level of the group with fatty liver was higher than that of the group with no fatty liver. In the group with no diabetes, the HbA1c level increased with weight gain. Age, gender (male), fatty liver, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure (SBP), triglyceride (TG), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), free thyroxine (FT4), and red blood cell (RBC) were the risk factors for elevated HbA1c level, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), uric acid (UA), creatinine (Cr), free triiodothyronine (FT3), and hemoglobin were protective factors. Conclusion. Blood glucose, age, weight, gender, fatty liver, blood lipids, and UA are related to the increase of HbA1c level. HbA1c is related to many metabolic indexes and may be used as a marker for early detection of chronic diseases.  © 2021 Guanqun Chao et al.
Current understanding and controversies on the clinical implications of fibroblast growth factor 21; Metabolic functions of the hepatic hormone fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) have been recognized for more than a decade in studying the responses of human subjects and rodent models to nutritional stresses such as fasting, high-fat diet or ketogenic diet consumption, and ethanol intake. Our interest in the beneficial metabolic effects of FGF21 has risen due to its potential ability to serve as a therapeutic agent for various metabolic disorders, including type 2 diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver diseases, as well as its potential to act as a diagnostic or prognostic biomarker for metabolic and other disorders. Here, we briefly review the FGF21 gene and protein structures, its expression pattern, and cellular signaling cascades that mediate FGF21 production and function. We mainly focus on discussing experimental and clinical literature pertaining to FGF21 as a therapeutic agent. Furthermore, we present several lines of investigation, including a few studies conducted by our team, suggesting that FGF21 expression and function can be regulated by dietary polyphenol interventions. Finally, we discuss the literature debating FGF21 as a potential biomarker in various disorders. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Exercise as a complementary medicine intervention in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review with narrative and qualitative synthesis of evidence; Background and aims: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a rapidly growing public health issue. This systematic review aimed to narrate and qualitatively synthesize evidence and recommendations of physical activity/exercise for patients with T2DM. Methods: The databases Medline through Pubmed, Cochrane, and Scopus were systematically searched from inception to February 08, 2020 using MeSH terms related to “diabetes mellitus” and “physical activity/exercise”. Studies were included if they reported on the roles of physical activity/exercise in managing patients with T2DM or effects of physical activity/exercise on glycemic control. Documents identified through the search were analyzed and evidence and recommendations were synthesized qualitatively. Results: Data were extracted from 16 original articles and 11 systematic reviews with meta-analyses. A qualitative summary of evidence included general items (n = 6) and recommendations for physical activity/exercise (n = 12). Physical activity/exercise can reduce incidence of T2DM, hyperinsulinemia, fasting plasma/blood glucose, HbA1c, body fats, cholesterol, blood pressure, heart rate, cardiovascular risk, and dosage of antidiabetic medications. Physical activity/exercise can improve sensitivity to insulin, muscle strength, oxygen consumption, aerobic capacity, and mental health of patients with T2DM. Conclusion: Despite the increasing interest in incorporating physical activity/exercise in the management of T2DM and improving healthcare delivery, there are still limited clear instructions and guidelines for both the patient and the healthcare provider. © 2021 Diabetes India
Effect of mat pilates on body fluid composition, pelvic stabilization, and muscle damage during pregnancy; In this study, according to the exercise intensity (50–60% of HRmax (Maximum Heart Rate), RPE (Rating of Perceived Exertion: 11–13) proposed by The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) for pregnant women, mat Pilates exercise is related to body composition, lipid parameters, and pelvic stabilization. The effects on muscle and muscle damage were investigated. The subjects of this study were 16 pregnant women registered at the Cultural Center of Gyeonggi-do C Women’s Hospital, and the gestation period was 16 to 24 weeks. The mat Pilates exercise program (twice a week, 60 min per day, total 12 weeks) changed the Pilates exercise program every 6 weeks according to the subject’s pain level and physical fitness. Body composition before and after exercise, hip flexion, abduction and dilated lipids, inflammation, muscle damage, and stress hormones were measured through blood biochemical analysis. First, the difference in total body water, intracellular water, and skeletal muscle changes (post-pre) increased significantly in the Pilates exercise (PE) group compared to the control (CON) group, while the extracellular/intracellular water ratio significantly decreased. The effect of Pilates on body composition and lipid profile confirmed that, after testing, total body water (TBW), intracellular water (ICW), and extracellular water (ECW) were significantly greater than pre-test values in both groups (TBW: z = −2.286, p = 0.022, r = 0.572; ICW: z = −2.818, p = 0.005, r = 0.705; ECW: z = −1.232, p = 0.218, r = 0.308), whereas the ECW/ICW ratio decreased significantly only in the PE group (z = −2.170, p = 0.030, r = 0.543); while the increases in TBW and ICW were greater in the PE group than in the CON group, the ECW/ICW ratio decreased significantly in the PE group. Blood tests showed significant increases in body weight (BW), body fat mass (BFM), and percentage of body fat (PBF) in both groups post-test as compared to pre-test (BW: z = −1.590, p = 0.112, r = 0.398; BFM: z = −0.106, p = 0.916; PBF: z = −1.643, p = 0.100, r = 0.411). There was a slight increase in creatine kinase (CK) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), which are indices of muscle damage, and in the difference between the periods within the group, the CK and LDH of the CON group showed a tendency to increase significantly after inspection compared to the previous values (CK: z = −1.700, p = 0.089, r = 0.425, LDH: z = −2.603, p = 0.009, r = 0.651). Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased significantly in the Pilates exercise group compared to that in the control group, and as a result of confirming the difference in the amount of change in C-reactive protein (CRP), there was no significant difference between the two groups, and the PE group showed a tendency to decrease after inspection compared to the previous period even in the difference between the periods in the group. The CON group showed an increasing trend, but no significant difference was found. Cortisol, a stress hormone, also increased significantly after inspection both groups compared to before (CON group: z = −2.201, p = 0.028; PE group: z = −2.547, p = 0.011). Therefore, the 12 week Pilates exercise program conducted in this study has a positive effect on body water balance and strengthens the muscles related to pelvic stabilization within the range of reducing muscle damage or causing muscle damage and stress in pregnant women. We think that it has an effective exercise intensity. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Progress on the protective effects of maternal fatty acid supplementation on infant asthma risk: A narrative review; Asthma is a heterogeneous disease characterized by chronic airway inflammation, and involves a variety of cells and cellular components, which genetic and environmental factors play an important role in the pathogenesis of asthma. It usually occurs in infancy, and epidemiological studies have shown that maternal nutrition during pregnancy is related to the occurrence of asthma in childhood. Fatty acids (FA) are carboxylic acids with different amounts of carbons. Based on the differences between saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbon chains, it can be divided into three categories: saturated fatty acid (SFA, no double bonds between them), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA, one double bond), and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA, multiple double bonds). Excessive intake of SFA is the main cause of elevated blood cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), which leads to arterial lumen stenosis and atherosclerosis, and increases the risk of coronary heart disease. MUFA has hypoglycemic, lipid-lowering, cholesterol-lowering, and antithrombotic effects. SFAs and MUFAs can increase airway inflammation and promote the development of asthma. However, the correlation between maternal SFA and MUFA intake and infant asthma risk has not been reported. The most widely studied PUFA are N-3 PUFA and N-6 PUFA, which mainly derived from vegetable oil, fish oil, and microorganism. As an important component of membrane phospholipids, PUFA can play an immunomodulatory role by affecting the production of eicosanoids, cell membrane fluidity, and gene expression. Maternal intake of PUFAs, especially N-3 PUFAs during pregnancy, can reduce the risk of infant asthma by regulating Th1/Th2 cytokines and immune responses, but a few studies are still controversial. Therefore, large-scale multicenter randomized controlled clinical trials are still warranted to further verify the efficacy of N-3 PUFAs on asthma. © Annals of Palliative Medicine. All rights reserved.
Impact of maternal obesity on the metabolism and bioavailability of polyunsaturated fatty acids during pregnancy and breastfeeding; Prenatal and postnatal development are closely related to healthy maternal conditions that allow for the provision of all nutritional requirements to the offspring. In this regard, an ap-propriate supply of fatty acids (FA), mainly n-3 and n-6 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), is crucial to ensure a normal development, because they are an integral part of cell membranes and participate in the synthesis of bioactive molecules that regulate multiple signaling pathways. On the other hand, maternal obesity and excessive gestational weight gain affect FA supply to the fetus and neonate, altering placental nutrient transfer, as well as the production and composition of breast milk during lactation. In this regard, maternal obesity modifies FA profile, resulting in low n-3 and elevated n-6 PUFA levels in maternal and fetal circulation during preg-nancy, as well as in breast milk during lactation. These modifications are associated with a pro-inflammatory state and oxidative stress with short and long-term consequences in different organs of the fetus and neonate, including in the liver, brain, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Alto-gether, these changes confer to the offspring a higher risk of developing obesity and its complica-tions, as well as neuropsychiatric disorders, asthma, and cancer. Considering the consequences of an abnormal FA supply to offspring induced by maternal obesity, we aimed to review the effects of obesity on the metabolism and bioavailability of FA during pregnancy and breastfeeding, with an emphasis on LCPUFA homeostasis. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Triglyceride and glucose index and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A nationwide population-based cohort study; Aims: Pre-pregnancy insulin resistance is one of the main pathophysiologies of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index is a marker of insulin resistance. We aimed to evaluate the association between pre-pregnancy TyG index and GDM in primipara women. Methods: A total of 380,208 women who underwent a Korean national health screening exam within 2 years before their first delivery, between January 1, 2012 and December 31, 2015, were included. The TyG index was calculated as ln [triglyceride (mg/dL) × fasting plasma glucose (mg/dL)/2]. Results: Among the 380,208 primipara women, 17,239 women were diagnosed with GDM (4.53%). Multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for risk factors showed a higher odds ratio of 1.73 for GDM (95% CI 1.65-1.81) in the highest quartile than that in the lowest quartile. A 1-SD increase in the TyG index increased the risk of GDM (31%) and GDM requiring insulin therapy (82%) in the fully adjusted model. A 1-unit increase in the TyG index significantly increased the risk of GDM and GDM requiring insulin treatment by 1.81 and 3.69 times, respectively.The impact of a high TyG index on the risk of GDM was more profound in the subjects aged ≥ 35 years, with obesity, with impaired fasting glucose, who are current smokers, and with a family history of diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Increased pre-pregnancy TyG index is associated with a risk of GDM. Elevation of the TyG index may be an early marker of GDM. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Association of adverse outcomes of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy with zonulin levels; Our aim was to investigate serum zonulin levels in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) and to determine the usefulness of zonulin in ICP follow-up. A prospective case-control study was carried out which included 88 pregnant women (44 patients with ICP and 44 controls). Maternal serum samples obtained from all participants and zonulin levels were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Compared with controls, women with ICP had significantly higher zonulin levels (mean 0.728 ± 0.520 ng/mL vs. 1.303 ± 0.63 ng/mL, p <.001). According to the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis performed for the predictive value of zonulin levels for ICP, the area under the curve (AUC) was 0.761 (95% CI: 0.661–0.860). Multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed serum zonulin levels was independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes (OR = 1.278, 95% CI: 0.232–7.041), severity ICP (OR: 7.535, 95% CI: 1.597–13.553) and also unresponsiveness to treatment in ICP (OR: 4.178, 95% CI: 0.929–8.784).IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Zonulin is a regulator protein that increases the intestinal permeability by modulating the intercellular tight junctions (TJ). It is the only physiological protein known to control intestinal permeability and damage of the intestinal barrier is one of the causes of absorption disorders, inflammation and autoimmunity. ICP is a relatively non-threatening condition to women but is linked with a higher risk of preterm delivery, foetal distress and foetal death. What do the results of this study add? This study showed that increased levels of zonulin are associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, severity of ICP and unresponsiveness to treatment in ICP. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Focussing on preservation of intestinal permeability may be an alternative preventive strategy to reduce the adverse perinatal outcomes and severity of ICP. Further longitudinal studies are needed to verify the relationships among zonulin levels and pregnancy-related diseases. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Ginger Beer: An Overview of Health Benefits and Recent Developments; Since time immemorial, ginger has been widely used as a food spice, providing aromatic odor and pungent taste, and as a medicinal plant, with various therapeutic effects such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and analgesic, among others. It has long been an integral constituent of most herbal medicines in Africa, China and India. Its medicinal properties are largely attributed to its outstanding amount of phenolics which include gingerols, paradols, zingerones, and many others. With consumer preference gradually and remarkably shifting from high-calorie towards low-calorie and functional beverages, the demand for ginger beer is flourishing at a faster rate. Currently, the ginger beer market is dominated by the United States. The demand for ginger beer is, however, debilitated by using artificial ingredients. Nonetheless, the use of natural ginger extract enriches beer with putative bioactive phytoconstituents such as shagaol, gingerone, zingerone, ginger flavonoids and essential oils, as well as essential nutritional components including proteins, vitamins and minerals, to promote general wellbeing of consumer. This paper presents an overview of the phytoconstituents of ginger as well as the overall biological activities they confer to the consumer. In addition, the market trend as well as the production technology of ginger beer using natural ginger extract is described here. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The impact of maternal stress on offspring birth weight and the mediating effect of dietary patterns: the Shanghai Maternal-Child Pairs Cohort study; Background: Maternal stress and nutrition during pregnancy are two of the most commonly studied factors in the context of fetal development. However, few investigators have considered the combined effects of stress and diet in pregnant women and their offspring. Aims: To determine the impact of maternal stress on offspring birth weight, and the potential mediating role of maternal dietary patterns. Methods: A total of 3542 pregnant women and their singleton live births were recruited from Shanghai Maternal-Child Pairs Cohort (Shanghai MCPC). Maternal stress was assessed using the Life Event Scale for Pregnant Women (LESPW) in early and late pregnancy. Food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was performed to evaluate maternal diet in late pregnancy. Multiple linear regression was conducted to estimate the associations between maternal stress and child birth weight. Logistic regression was performed to calculate the association between maternal stress and small for gestational age (SGA)/large for gestational age (LGA). The bootstrap method was used to investigate the mediating effects of maternal dietary patterns. Results: Maternal subjective events stress (β = 0.367) and total stress (β = 0.079) in early pregnancy, and positive objective life events stress (β = 0.275) in late pregnancy, were positively associated with birth weight. Maternal dietary pattern of “high-fat and sugar” mediated the associations between subjective events stress and total stress during early pregnancy and birth weight. An increased risk for LGA was observed among women exposed to relatively higher stress during early pregnancy (OR, 1.416; 95% CI, 1.035-1.937). No statistically significant associations were found between maternal stress during late pregnancy and child birth weight or SGA/LGA. Conclusions: Maternal life events stress during early pregnancy significantly increases neonatal birth weight and risk for LGA, which may mediate by a “high-fat and sugar” dietary pattern. Limitations: The lack of biological markers limits the explanation of the mechanism. The assessment of diet used food intake frequency to evaluate dietary characteristics, which may miss information of energy intake. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
N-acetylcysteine protects neonatal mice from ventricular hypertrophy induced by maternal obesity in a sex-specific manner; Background: Maternal obesity induces adverse cardiac programming in offspring, and effective interventions are needed to prevent cardiovascular ill-health. Herein we hypothesized that exposure to maternal obesogenic diet-induced obesity in mice results in left ventricular remodelling and hypertrophy in early childhood, and that maternal N-acetylcysteine (NAC) treatment alleviates these effects in a sex-dependent manner. Methods and Results: The maternal obesity was induced in mice by the consumption of a Western diet accompanied by a 20 % sucrose solution. To determine the effect of NAC on the cardiac outcomes induced by maternal obesity, obese dams were continuously exposed to the obesogenic diet, with or without the oral NAC treatment during pregnancy. Left ventricular remodelling and hypertrophy occurred as early as 7 days after birth in the male offspring of obese dams (O-OB) compared with controls (O-CO). An over-expression of key genes and markers related to cardiac fibrosis accompanied by more disorganized myofibrils was observed in the hearts of neonatal male O-OB mice. When we next evaluated the level of oxidative stress in the hearts of neonatal mice, the activity of enzymatic antioxidants declined and expression of NOX enzyme complex was up-regulated in O-OB offspring hearts, but was normal in the offspring of NAC treated mice (O-OB/NAC). Maternal obesity also activated cardiac Akt and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling in offspring, and NAC treatment restored offspring cardiac Akt-mTOR signalling to normal irrespective of sex. NAC treatment did not prevent cardiomyocyte hypertrophy but did alleviate increased heart weight, interventricular septal thickness, and collagen content in male O-OB/NAC pups. Conclusions: Collectively, our results indicated that NAC blunted cardiac fibrosis and related ventricular hypertrophy of male neonatal offspring in the setting of maternal obesity, potentially acting by reducing oxidative stress. The present study provides a basis for investigating the role of NAC in nutrition-related cardiac programming. © 2020 The Authors
Cafeteria diet induces global and Slc27a3-specific hypomethylation in male Wistar rats; Increased visceral adipose tissue (VAT) is associated with metabolic dysfunction, while subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) is considered protective. The mechanisms underlying these differences are not fully elucidated. This study aimed to investigate molecular differences in VAT and SAT of male Wistar rats fed a cafeteria diet (CD) or a standard rodent diet (STD) for three months. The expression of fatty acid metabolism genes was analysed by quantitative real-time PCR. Global and gene-specific DNA methylation was quantified using the Imprint® Methylated DNA Quantification Kit and pyrosequencing, respectively. Bodyweight, retroperitoneal fat mass, insulin resistance, leptin and triglyceride concentrations and adipocyte hypertrophy were higher in CD- compared to STD-fed rats. The expression of solute carrier family 27 member 3 (Slc27a3), a fatty acid transporter, was 9.6-fold higher in VAT and 6.3-fold lower in SAT of CD- versus STD-fed rats. Taqman probes confirmed increased Slc27a3 expression, while pyrosequencing showed Slc27a3 hypomethylation in VAT of CD- compared to STD-fed rats. The CD decreased global methylation in both VAT and SAT, although no depot differences were observed. Dysregulated fatty acid influx in VAT, in response to a CD, provides insight into the mechanisms underlying depot-differences in adipose tissue expansion during obesity and metabolic disease. Abbreviations: CD: cafeteria diet; E2F1: E2F Transcription Factor 1; EMSA: electrophoretic mobility shift assay; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; GCF: GC-Rich Sequence DNA-Binding Factor; HOMA-IR: Homeostasis model for insulin resistance; NKX2-1: NK2 homeobox 1; PCR: Polymerase chain reaction; qRT-PCR: quantitative real-time PCR; RF: retroperitoneal fat; SAT: subcutaneous adipose tissue; Slc27a3: solute carrier family 27 member 3; STD: standard diet; TNFα: tumour necrosis factor alpha; TTS: transcriptional start site; T2D: Type 2 Diabetes; VAT: visceral adipose tissue; WT1 I: Wilms’ tumour protein 1. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Adipokines as a therapeutic target by metformin to improve metabolic function: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Metformin is a widely used glucose-lowering drug, although its impact on adipose tissue function remains elusive. Adipose tissue-derived molecules regulate diverse physiological mechanisms, including energy metabolism, insulin sensitization, and inflammatory response. Alternatively, it has remained relevant to understand the therapeutic regulation of adipokines in efforts to alleviate inflammation in conditions associated with the metabolic syndrome. The current qualitative analysis of available literature focused on randomized clinical trials (RCTs) assessing the association between administration of metformin and adipokine regulation in individuals with metabolic syndrome. The major electronic databases such as MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, Scopus, and EMBASE were searched for eligible RCTs. Overall, 13 RCTs met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 4605 participants. Patients with metabolic syndrome were characterized by a state of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Cumulative evidence from these RCTs supported the blood glucose lowering effects of metformin, in addition to promoting weight loss, ameliorating insulin resistance, and reducing pro-inflammatory markers such as interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-α in patients with metabolic syndrome. Importantly, these therapeutic effects are associated with the upregulation of adiponectin and suppression of leptin and resistin. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Inter-Individual Variability in Insulin Response after Grape Pomace Supplementation in Subjects at High Cardiometabolic Risk: Role of Microbiota and miRNA; Scope: Dietary polyphenols have shown promising effects in mechanistic and preclinical studies on the regulation of cardiometabolic alterations. Nevertheless, clinical trials have provided contradictory results, with high inter-individual variability. This study explores the role of gut microbiota and microRNAs (miRNAs) as factors contributing to the inter-individual variability in polyphenol response. Methods and Results: 49 subjects with at least two factors of metabolic syndrome are divided between responders (n = 23) or non-responders (n = 26), depending on the variation rate in fasting insulin after grape pomace supplementation (6 weeks). The populations of selected fecal bacteria are estimated from fecal deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR), while the microbial-derived short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) are measured in fecal samples by gas chromatography. MicroRNAs are analyzed on a representative sample, followed by targeted miRNA analysis. Responder subjects show significantly lower (p < 0.05) Prevotella and Firmicutes levels, and increased (p < 0.05) miR-222 levels. Conclusion: After evaluating the selected substrates for Prevotella and target genes of miR-222, these variations suggest that responders are those subjects exhibiting impaired glycaemic control. This study shows that fecal microbiota and miRNA expression may be related to inter-individual variability in clinical trials with polyphenols. © 2020 Wiley-VCH GmbH
DNA methylation of FTO promotes renal inflammation by enhancing m6A of PPAR-α in alcohol-induced kidney injury; Alcohol consumption is one of the risk factors for kidney injury. The underlying mechanism of alcohol-induced kidney injury remains largely unknown. We previously found that the kidney in a mouse model of alcoholic kidney injury had severe inflammation. In this study, we found that the administration of alcohol was associated with the activation of NLRP3 inflammasomes and NF-κB signaling, and the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Whole-genome methylation sequencing (WGBS) showed that the DNA encoding fat mass and obesity-associated protein (FTO) was significantly methylated in the alcoholic kidney. This finding was confirmed with the bisulfite sequencing (BSP), which showed that alcohol increased DNA methylation of FTO in the kidney. Furthermore, inhibition of DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) by 5-azacytidine (5-aza) reversed alcohol-induced kidney injury and decreased the mRNA and protein levels of FTO. Importantly, we found that FTO, the m6A demethylase, epigenetically modified peroxisome proliferator activated receptor-α (PPAR-α) in a YTH domain family 2 (YTHDF2)-dependent manner, which resulted in inflammation in alcoholic kidney injury models. In conclusion, our findings indicate that alcohol increases the methylation of PPAR-α m6A by FTO-mediated YTHDF2 epigenetic modification, which ultimately leads to the activation of NLRP3 inflammasomes and NF-κB-driven renal inflammation in the kidney. These findings may provide novel strategies for preventing and treating alcoholic kidney diseases. © 2020
Efficacy and cardiovascular safety of metformin; Metformin has been the cornerstone of the medical management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) for over 6 decades now since its first-ever discovery. Although there were initial con-cerns about its efficacy and safety, increasing evidence over the years proved it to be very effective and safe. It has stood the test of time, proving to be much safer than other drugs in the same class and garnering robust evidence in cardiovascular safety. In patients with T2DM, metformin lowers mean glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels by 1.1–1.2% as monotherapy, by 0.6–0.83% as an ad-d-on therapy to insulin, and by 0.9-0.95% as add-on therapy to other oral agents. Recently its use has also been explored for unlicensed indications other than diabetes, including but not limited to obesity, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and type 1 diabetes. Metformin is also currently un-der investigation for its role as a cancer adjuvant therapy. We aim to provide a comprehensive review of the available evidence for the safety and efficacy of metformin. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Improving the treatment of patients with diabetes using insulin analogues: current findings and future directions; Introduction: The aim of insulin replacement in insulin-deficient people (type 1 diabetes, pancreatic causes of diabetes, long-standing type 2 diabetes) is to approximate the physiologic insulin action profile as closely as possible. However, short-acting human insulins start too slow and act too long, causing postprandial hyperglycemia and delayed hypoglycemia, while the insulin action profile of long-acting human insulins is too variable in duration and strength of action, leading to insufficient basal insulin covering and peak insulin levels after injection causing early nocturnal hypoglycemia. Insulin analogues were designed to overcome these shortcomings. In insulin-resistant people (type 2 diabetes), insulin analogues contribute to more efficient and safer insulin supplementation. Areas covered: In this review, we describe the unmet needs for insulin therapy, the currently available short- and long-acting insulin analogues and some considerations on cardiovascular outcomes, use in special populations, and cost-effectiveness. Finally, we discuss what is new in the field of insulin analogues. Expert opinion: The development of insulin analogues is an important step in diabetes treatment. Despite many patients meeting their glycemic targets with the newest analogues, hypoglycemic episodes remain a major problem. More physiologic insulin regimens, with glucose-sensitive or organ-targeting insulin analogues may be the answer to these issues. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Metabolic impact of bile acids in gestation; Bile acids are lipid-solubilising molecules that also regulate metabolic processes. Farnesoid X receptor (FXR) and Takeda G-protein coupled receptor 5 (TGR5) are two bile acid receptors with key metabolic roles. FXR regulates bile acid synthesis in the liver and influences bile acid uptake in the intestine. TGR5 is mainly involved in regulation of signalling pathways in response to bile acid uptake in the gut and therefore prandial response. Both FXR and TGR5 have potential as therapeutic targets for disorders of glucose and/or lipid homeostasis. Gestation is also known to cause small increases in bile acid concentrations, but physiological hypercholanaemia of pregnancy is usually not sufficient to cause any clinically relevant effects. This review focuses on how gestation alters bile acid homeostasis, which can become pathological if the elevation of maternal serum bile acids is more marked than physiological hypercholanaemia, and on the influence of FXR and TGR5 function in pregnancy on glucose and lipid metabolism. This will be discussed with reference to two gestational disorders: intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), a disease where bile acids are pathologically elevated, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), characterised by hyperglycaemia during pregnancy. © 2021 European Society of Endocrinology Printed in Great Britain
Obesity and endocrine-disrupting chemicals; Obesity is now a worldwide pandemic. The usual explanation given for the prevalence of obesity is that it results from consumption of a calorie dense diet coupled with physical inactivity. However, this model inadequately explains rising obesity in adults and in children over the past few decades, indicating that other factors must be important contributors. An endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) is an exogenous chemical, or mixture that interferes with any aspect of hormone action. EDCs have become pervasive in our environment, allowing humans to be exposed daily through ingestion, inhalation, and direct dermal contact. Exposure to EDCs has been causally linked with obesity in model organisms and associated with obesity occurrence in humans. Obesogens promote adipogenesis and obesity, in vivo, by a variety of mechanisms. The environmental obesogen model holds that exposure to obesogens elicits a predisposition to obesity and that such exposures may be an important yet overlooked factor in the obesity pandemic. Effects produced by EDCs and obesogen exposure may be passed to subsequent, unexposed generations. This “generational toxicology” is not currently factored into risk assessment by regulators but may be another important factor in the obesity pandemic as well as in the worldwide increases in the incidence of noncommunicable diseases that plague populations everywhere. This review addresses the current evidence on how obesogens affect body mass, discusses long-known chemicals that have been more recently identified as obesogens, and how the accumulated knowledge can help identify EDCs hazards. © 2021 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Serum Metabolites as an Indicator of Developing Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Later in the Pregnancy: A Prospective Cohort of a Chinese Population; Objective. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder with onset during pregnancy. However, the etiology and pathogenesis of GDM have not been fully elucidated. In this study, we used a metabolomics approach to investigate the relationship between maternal serum metabolites and GDM in early pregnancy. Methods. A nested case-control study was performed. To establish an early pregnancy cohort, pregnant women in early pregnancy (10-13+6 weeks) were recruited. In total, 51 patients with GDM and 51 healthy controls were included. Serum samples were analyzed using an untargeted high-performance liquid chromatography mass spectrometry metabolomics approach. The relationships between metabolites and GDM were analyzed by an orthogonal partial least-squares discriminant analysis. Differential metabolites were evaluated using a KEGG pathway analysis. Results. A total of 44 differential metabolites were identified between GDM cases and healthy controls during early pregnancy. Of these, 26 significant metabolites were obtained in early pregnancy after false discovery rate (FDR<0.1) correction. In the GDM group, the levels of L-pyroglutamic acid, L-glutamic acid, phenylacetic acid, pantothenic acid, and xanthine were significantly higher and the levels of 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol, calcitriol, and 4-oxoproline were significantly lower than those in the control group. These metabolites were involved in multiple metabolic pathways, including those for amino acid, carbohydrate, lipid, energy, nucleotide, cofactor, and vitamin metabolism. Conclusions. We identified significant differentially expressed metabolites associated with the risk of GDM, providing insight into the mechanisms underlying GDM in early pregnancy and candidate predictive markers. © 2021 Mengyuan Tian et al.
Regional factors associated with the prevalence of metabolic syndrome: Focusing on the role of healthcare providers; Objectives: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, which is gradually becoming more prevalent due to changes in dietary habits and lifestyle. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between regional factors and the prevalence of MetS, with a particular focus on access to healthcare providers. Study design: Observational study. Methods: We used data from the annual Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2013–2017), which included 24,695 eligible participants. Regional factors that were related to access to care and could affect the prevalence of MetS were evaluated. A generalised estimating equation model was utilised to identify variables associated with the prevalence of MetS. Main finding: In this study, the prevalence of MetS was 25.9% (n = 7,100). Results of the generalised estimating equation model indicated that a higher density of physicians was significantly associated with a lower prevalence of MetS (odds ratio: 0.864, 95% confidence interval: 0.758–0.984). The density of community health nurses was not significantly associated with the prevalence of MetS; however, the subgroup analysis revealed that higher densities of physicians and community health nurses were significantly associated with a low prevalence of MetS in regions with a high proportion of community health centres. Conclusions and implication: Regional factors related to access to care were associated with the prevalence of MetS. Higher physician density and community health centre utilisation rates were associated with a decreased prevalence of MetS. Regional differences in access to care should be addressed to reduce the health gap between regions and prevent the development of MetS. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (Ppars) in trophoblast functions; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARα, PPARβ/δ, and PPARγ) belong to the transcription factor family, and they are highly expressed in all types of trophoblast during pregnancy. The present review discusses currently published papers that are related to the regulation of PPARs via lipid metabolism, glucose metabolism, and amino acid metabolism to affect trophoblast physiological conditions, including differentiation, maturation, secretion, fusion, proliferation, migration, and invasion. Recent pieces of evidence have proven that the dysfunctions of PPARs in trophoblast lead to several related pregnancy diseases such as recurrent miscarriage, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Moreover, the underlying mechanisms of PPARs in the control of these processes have been discussed as well. Finally, this review’s purposes are to provide more knowledge about the role of PPARs in normal and disturbed pregnancy with trophoblast, so as to find PPAR ligands as a potential therapeutic target in the treatment and prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2021 by the authors. Li-censee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Intrauterine Exposure to Diabetic Milieu Does Not Induce Diabetes and Obesity in Male Adulthood in a Novel Rat Model; Several studies show an association of maternal diabetes during pregnancy with adverse offspring metabolic health. Other studies, however, suggest that this effect might be biased by obesity, which is independently associated with offspring metabolic disease and often coexistent to maternal diabetes. We performed a prospective study in a rat model to test the hypothesis that the burden of a diabetic pregnancy without obesity deteriorates metabolic health in male offspring. We generated maternal type 2 diabetes before conception that persisted during pregnancy by knockdown of the insulin receptor in small hairpin RNA-expressing transgenic rats. Male WT (wild type) offspring were followed up until adulthood and metabolically challenged by high-fat diet. Blood glucose was measured continuously via a telemetry device. Glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed, and body composition was analyzed. Weight gain and glucose levels during adolescence and adulthood were similar in male offspring of diabetic and control pregnancies. Body weight and fat mass after high-fat diet, as well as glucose and insulin tolerance tests, were unaltered between male adult offspring of both groups. Glycemic control consisting of up to 49 000 individual glucose measures was comparable between both groups. Intrauterine exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia without obesity had no impact on male offspring metabolic health in our model. We conclude that the intrauterine exposure itself does not represent a mechanism for fetal programming of diabetes and obesity in our model. Other maternal metabolic parameters during pregnancy, such as obesity, might impact long-term offspring metabolic health.  © 2020 American Heart Association, Inc.
Ovariectomy, but not orchiectomy, exacerbates metabolic syndrome after maternal high-fructose intake in adult offspring; High fructose diet is associated with the global metabolic syndrome (MtS) pandemic. MtS develops in early life, depending on prenatal and postnatal nutritional status. We hypothesized that ovariectomy increases the chances of developing MtS in adult offspring following high fructose intake by the mother. Pregnant C57BL/6J mouse dams drank water with or without 20% fructose during pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, the pups were fed regular chow. The offspring were evaluated until they were 7 months of age after the mice in each group, both sexes, were gonadectomized at 4 weeks of age. The offspring (both sexes) of the dams who had high fructose intake developed MtS. In the offspring of dams who drank tap water, orchiectomy increased the body weight gain and body fat accumulation, while ovariectomy increased the body fat accumulation as compared to the sham controls. In the offspring of dams with high fructose intake, orchiectomy decreased the body weight gain, body fat accumulation, visceral adiposity, and glucose intolerance, while ovariectomy exacerbated all of them as compared to the sham operations. These data indicate that ovariectomy encourages the development of MtS in adult offspring after maternal high fructose intake, while orchiectomy prevents the development of MtS. The sex difference indicates that male and female sex hormones play contradictory roles in the development of MtS. © This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License, which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
The role of probiotics on controlling diabetes mellitus: An umbrella review; Background and purpose: There are some evidences about the effects of probiotics on controlling different types of diabetes and reviewing these studies could be of great help in clarifying the efficacy of these dietary supplements in management of diabetes. Thus, we aimed to review the role of probiotics on glycemic control and other biochemical parameters in patients with diabetes. Materials and methods: An umbrella review of systematic reviews, meta-analyses, systematic reviews and meta-analysis in English and Persian were performed by thorough search in PubMed and Scopus. Eligible studies on the effects of probiotics in patients with diabetes published up to 30 September 2020 were selected. Results: Thirty one eligible papers were identified. In these studies, the effects of probiotic supplements or probiotic food products on glycemic status (n=18), lipid profile (n=12), inflammatory and oxidative stress factors (n=11), blood pressure (n=4), and Body Mass Index (n=2) in patients with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes were investigated. Conclusion: Findings revealed positive effects of probiotic supplements on glycemic status, lipid profile, blood pressure, oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with type 2 diabetes, and gestational diabetes. However, due to high heterogeneity in some parameters, further high quality double-blind clinical trials can shed light on the effectiveness of these supplements. © 2021, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Protective role of mitoquinone against impaired mitochondrial homeostasis in metabolic syndrome; Mitochondria control various processes in cellular metabolic homeostasis, such as adenosine triphosphate production, generation and clearance of reactive oxygen species, control of intracellular Ca2+ and apoptosis, and are thus a critical therapeutic target for metabolic syndrome (MetS). The mitochondrial targeted antioxidant mitoquinone (MitoQ) reduces mitochondrial oxidative stress, prevents impaired mitochondrial dynamics, and increases mitochondrial turnover by promoting autophagy (mitophagy) and mitochondrial biogenesis, which ultimately contribute to the attenuation of MetS conditions, including obesity, insulin resistance, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The regulatory effect of MitoQ on mitochondrial homeostasis is mediated through AMPK and its downstream signaling pathways, including MTOR, SIRT1, Nrf2 and NF-κB. However, there are few reviews focusing on the critical role of MitoQ as a therapeutic agent in the treatment of MetS. The purpose of this review is to summarize the mitochondrial role in the pathogenesis of MetS, especially in obesity and type 2 diabetes, and discuss the effect and underlying mechanism of MitoQ on mitochondrial homeostasis in MetS. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Analysis of bile acids in human biological samples by microcolumn separation techniques: A review; Bile acids are a group of compounds essential for lipid digestion and absorption with a steroid skeleton and a carboxylate side chain usually conjugated to glycine or taurine. Bile acids are regulatory molecules for a number of metabolic processes and can be used as biomarkers of various disorders. Since the middle of the twentieth century, the detection of bile acids has evolved from simple qualitative analysis to accurate quantification in complicated mixtures. Advanced methods are required to characterize and quantify individual bile acids in these mixtures. This article overviews the literature from the last two decades (2000–2020) and focuses on bile acid analysis in various human biological samples. The methods for sample preparation, including the sample treatment of conventional (blood plasma, blood serum, and urine) and unconventional samples (bile, saliva, duodenal/gastric juice, feces, etc.) are shortly discussed. Eventually, the focus is on novel analytical approaches and methods for each particular biological sample, providing an overview of the microcolumn separation techniques, such as high-performance liquid chromatography, gas chromatography, and capillary electrophoresis, used in their analysis. This is followed by a discussion on selected clinical applications. © 2020 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Anti-inflammatory phytochemicals for the treatment of diabetes and its complications: Lessons learned and future promise; Diabetes mellitus (type 1 and type 2) and its various complications continue to place a huge burden on global medical resources, despite the availability of numerous drugs that successfully lower blood glucose levels. The major challenging issue in diabetes management is the prevention of various complications that remain the leading cause of diabetes-related mortality. Moreover, the limited long-term durability of monotherapy and undesirable side effects of currently used anti-diabetic drugs underlie the urgent need for novel therapeutic approaches. Phytochemicals represent a rich source of plant-derived molecules that are of pivotal importance to the identification of compounds with therapeutic potential. In this review, we aim to discuss recent advances in the identification of a large array of phytochemicals with immense potential in the management of diabetes and its complications. Given that metabolic inflammation has been established as a key pathophysiological event that drives the progression of diabetes, we focus on the protective effects of representative phytochemicals in metabolic inflammation. This paper also discusses the potential of phytochemicals in the development of new drugs that target the inflammation in the management of diabetes and its complications. © 2020 The Authors
New Insights Into Implications of CTRP3 in Obesity, Metabolic Dysfunction, and Cardiovascular Diseases: Potential of Therapeutic Interventions; Adipose tissue, as the largest endocrine organ, secretes many biologically active molecules circulating in the bloodstream, collectively termed adipocytokines, which not only regulate the metabolism but also play a role in pathophysiological processes. C1q tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-related protein 3 (CTRP3) is a member of C1q tumor necrosis factor-related proteins (CTRPs), which is a paralog of adiponectin. CTRP3 has a wide range of effects on glucose/lipid metabolism, inflammation, and contributes to cardiovascular protection. In this review, we comprehensively discussed the latest research on CTRP3 in obesity, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases. © Copyright © 2020 Guo, Zhuang, Xu, Lin, Li, Shan, Wu, Zhong, Wang, Zheng, Xu, Ehsan and Yuan.
Hypoxia-reoxygenation treatment attenuates gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Oxidative stress leads to insulin resistance and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)/heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) signaling is an important anti-oxidative stress pathway, which can be activated by hypoxia-reoxygenation (H/R) treatment. We aimed to demonstrate the effects of H/R treatment on GDM symptoms as well as reproductive outcomes. Methods: Pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mice were used as a genetic GDM model. Plasma insulin and other biochemical indexes of plasma, insulin sensitivity, glucose intolerance, blood glucose and liver biochemical indexes were evaluated. Protein abundance of HO-1 and Nrf2 were assessed with Western blot. Results: H/R treatment markedly ameliorated β-cell insufficiency and glucose intolerance, suppressed oxidative stress in vivo, stimulated the activities of anti-oxidant enzymes, and led to improved reproductive outcomes. The beneficial effects of H/R treatment were mechanistically mediated via the restoration of Nrf2/HO-1 anti-oxidant signaling pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Conclusion: Our study, for the first time, suggests that H/R treatment is a potentially novel therapeutic approach against GDM symptoms, by activating the Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway and inhibiting oxidative stress. © 2021 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Syncytialization and prolonged exposure to palmitate impacts bewo respiration; Placental villous trophoblast mitochondrial respiratory function is critical for a successful pregnancy and environmental influences such as maternal obesity have been associated with respiratory impairment at term. More recently, a gestational high fat diet independent of maternal body composition, has been highlighted as a potential independent regulator of placental mitochondrial metabolism. The current study aimed to characterize the direct impact of a prolonged and isolated exposure to the dietary fatty acids Palmitate (PA) and Oleate (OA) upon placental cell mitochondrial respiratory function. BeWo cytotrophoblast (CT) and syncytiotrophoblast (SCT) cells were treated for 72 h with 100 μM PA, OA or PA+OA (P/O). Live-cell metabolic function was analyzed via the Seahorse XF Mito and Glycolysis Stress tests. Immunoblots and spectrophotometric activity assays were utilized to examine the protein expression and function of electron transport chain (ETC) complexes and key mitochondrial regulatory enzymes. Syncytialization of BeWo cells resulted reduced respiratory activity in conjunction with altered complex I and II activity and decreased pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) protein expression and activity. PA and P/O treatments were associated with increased basal and maximal respiratory activities in BeWo CT cells without alterations in protein expression or activity of individual ETC complexes and mitochondrial substrate regulators. The metabolic suppression in BeWo SCTs was consistent with that previously observed in primary human trophoblast cell cultures, while the observed increases in respiratory activity in PA-treated BeWo CTs may be indicative of an early timepoint of specific dietary saturated fat-mediated placental cell mitochondrial dysfunction. © 2021 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
The association between serum resistin and PPAR? Pro12Ala polymorphism in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism is associated with the expression level of resistin and can induce insulin resistance. However, the possible effects of PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism for the origin of gestational diabetes mellitus are still unclear. A total of 156 patients with GDM and 160 normal pregnancy women were recruited. The serum parameters, resistin and genomic DNA were detected. We collected the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and found that genotype Pro/Pro and Pro/Ala existed in the patients and controls. Moreover, the genotype Pro/Ala group had a higher level of serum parameters and resistin. Our observations suggest that PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism may elevate the expression of resistin and it may be involved in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2020 Pakistan Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Effectiveness of real-time continuous glucose monitoring to improve glycaemic control and pregnancy outcome in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: A study protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Real-time continuous glucose monitoring (rt-CGM) informs users about current interstitial glucose levels and allows early detection of glycaemic excursions and timely adaptation by behavioural change or pharmacological intervention. Randomised controlled studies adequately powered to evaluate the impact of long-term application of rt-CGM systems on the reduction of adverse obstetric outcomes in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are missing. We aim to assess differences in the proportion of large for gestational age newborns in women using rt-CGM as compared with women with self-monitored blood glucose (primary outcome). Rates of neonatal hypoglycaemia, caesarean section and shoulder dystocia are secondary outcomes. A comparison of glucose metabolism and quality of life during and after pregnancy completes the scope of this study. Methods and analysis Open-label multicentre randomised controlled trial with two parallel groups including 372 female patients with a recent diagnosis of GDM (between 24+0 until 31+6 weeks of gestation): 186 with rt-CGM (Dexcom G6) and 186 with self-monitored blood glucose (SMBG). Women with GDM will be consecutively recruited and randomised to rt-CGM or control (SMBG) group after a run-in period of 6-8 days. The third visit will be scheduled 8-10 days later and then every 2 weeks. At every visit, glucose measurements will be evaluated and all patients will be treated according to the standard care. The control group will receive a blinded CGM for 10 days between the second and third visit and between week 36+0 and 38+6. Cord blood will be sampled immediately after delivery. 48 hours after delivery neonatal biometry and maternal glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) will be assessed, and between weeks 8 and 16 after delivery all patients receive a re-examination of glucose metabolism including blinded CGM for 8-10 days. Ethics and dissemination This study received ethical approval from the main ethic committee in Vienna. Data will be presented at international conferences and published in peer-reviewed journals.  © 2020 Author(s).
Fatty liver index and risk of diabetes incidence: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Aims: Fatty Liver Index (FLI) is a surrogate index for diagnosis of Fatty Liver Disease (FLD). We performed a dose-response meta-analysis to investigate the relationship between FLI and diabetes incidence in prospective cohort studies. Methods: We conducted a systematic search of articles up to November 2019 in PubMed, SCOPUS, Cochrane library, and Embase. Hazard Ratios (HRs) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of studies were pooled using meta-analysis with DerSimonian and Laird random-effects models to find combined HRs. Dose-response effect of this relationship was also assessed. Results: Twenty-seven studies providing 70,918 participants were included in the meta-analysis. Pooled results showed that the highest category of FLI was associated with an increased incidence of diabetes [HR: 2.88, 95% CI: 2.18–3.81; P for heterogeneity: 0.001]. Subgroup analysis based on sex, continent, and the quality of study could not explain the source of heterogeneity. The pooled HR from the random-effects dose-response model indicated a significant association between FLI level and risk of diabetes incidence (Coef = 0.0239, p = 0.001). Conclusion: Our dose-response meta-analysis revealed a direct relationship between FLI and HR of diabetes incidence. © 2020 Primary Care Diabetes Europe
Quantification of common and planar bile acids in tissues and cultured cells; Bile acids (BAs) have been established as ubiquitous regulatory molecules implicated in a large variety of healthy and pathological processes. However, the scope of BA heterogeneity is often underrepresented in current literature. This is due in part to inadequate detection methods, which fail to distinguish the individual constituents of the BA pool. Thus, the primary aim of this study was to develop a method that would allow the simultaneous analysis of specific C24 BA species, and to apply that method to biological systems of interest. Herein, we describe the generation and validation of an LC-MS/MS assay for quantification of numerous BAs in a variety of cell systems and relevant biofluids and tissue. These studies included the first baseline level assessment for planar BAs, including allocholic acid, in cell lines, biofluids, and tissue in a nonhuman primate (NHP) laboratory animal, Macaca mulatta, in healthy conditions. These results indicate that immortalized cell lines make poor models for the study of BA synthesis and metabolism, whereas human primary hepatocytes represent a promising alternative model system. We also characterized the BA pool of M. mulatta in detail. Our results support the use of NHP models for the study of BA metabolism and pathology in lieu of murine models. Moreover, the method developed here can be applied to the study of common and planar C24 BA species in other systems.  © 2020 Shiffka et al.
Comparative risks and predictors of preeclamptic pregnancy in the Eastern, Western and developing world; Preeclampsia (PE) is a complication of pregnancy characterized by hypertension (HTN-Preg), and often proteinuria. If not managed promptly, PE could lead to eclampsia and seizures. PE could also lead to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and prematurity at birth. Although PE is a major cause of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality, the underlying mechanisms are unclear. Also, there is a wide variability in the incidence of PE, ranging between 2 and 8% of pregnancies in the Eastern, Western and Developing world, suggesting regional differences in the risk factors and predictors of the pregnancy-related disorder. Several demographic, genetic, dietary and environmental factors, as well as maternal circulating biomarkers have been associated with PE. Demographic factors such as maternal race and ethnicity could play a role in PE. Specific genetic polymorphisms have been identified in PE. Maternal age, parity, education and socioeconomic status could be involved in PE. Dietary fat, protein, calcium and vitamins, body weight, and environmental factors including climate changes and air pollutants could also play a role in PE. Several circulating cytoactive factors including anti-angiogenic factors and cytokines have also been associated with PE. Traditional midwifery care is a common practice in local maternity care units, while advanced perinatal care and new diagnostic tools such as uterine artery Doppler velocimetry have been useful in predicting early PE in major medical centers. These PE risk factors, early predictors and diagnostic tools vary vastly in different regions of the Eastern, Western and Developing world. Further understanding of the differences in the demographic, genetic, dietary and environmental factors among pregnant women in different world regions should help in designing a region-specific cluster of risk factors and predictors of PE, and in turn provide better guidance for region-specific tools for early detection and management of PE. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Hyperhomocysteinemia and dyslipidemia in point mutation G307S of cystathionine β-synthase-deficient rabbit generated using CRISPR/Cas9; Background: Congenital hyper-homocysteinemia (HHcy) is caused by a defective cystathionine β-synthase (CBS) gene, and is frequently associated with dyslipdemia. The aim of this study was to further elucidate the effect of mutated CBS gene on circulating lipids using a rabbit model harboring a homozygous G307S point mutation in CBS. Methods: CRISPR/Cas9 system was used to edit the CBS gene in rabbit embryos. The founder rabbits were sequenced, and their plasma homocysteine (Hcy) and lipid profile were analyzed. Results: Six CBS-knockout (CBS-KO) founder lines with biallelic modifications were obtained. Mutation in CBS caused significant growth retardation and high mortality rates within 6 weeks after birth. In addition, the 6-week old CBS-KO rabbits showed higher plasma levels of Hcy, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) compared to the age-matched wild-type (WT) controls. Histological analysis of the mutants showed accumulation of micro-vesicular cytoplasmic lipid droplets in the hepatocytes. However, gastric infusion of vitamin B and betaine complex significantly decreased the plasma levels of TG, TC and LDL-C in the CBS-KO rabbits, and alleviated hepatic steatosis compared to the untreated animals. Conclusion: A CBSG307S rabbit model was generated that exhibited severe dyslipidemia when fed on a normal diet, indicating that G307S mutation in the CBS gene is a causative factor for dyslipidemia. © 2020, The Author(s).
Association between neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio and carotid artery wall thickness in healthy pregnant women; Objective: Pregnancy may elicit a state of mild inflammation that might affect, either directly or indirectly, haematological parameters associated with systemic inflammation. In particular, both Neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and Red blood cells Distribution Width (RDW) have been found to be elevated in complicated pregnancy. However, data regarding the association of these haematological parameters with common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT) in healthy pregnancy are scanty. Aim of this study was to evaluate possible changes in CCA-IMT during normal pregnancy and in the postpartum period, and to correlate these changes with NLR and RDW. Study Design: Between October 2019 and February 2020, a prospective study was carried out on 73 consecutive healthy pregnant women (32.8 ± 4.9 yrs/old). Women underwent obstetric assessment, complete blood cell counts with calculation of NLR and RDW, two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography and carotid Doppler ultrasonography. Results: During normal pregnancy, both NLR and RDW progressively increased (p < 0.0001); likewise, parameters of carotid dimensions also significantly increased (p < 0.0001). Hematological and morphological changes all decreased in postpartum period. By univariable logistic regression, the variables which showed the greatest independent association with CCA-IMT (defined as CCA-IMT ≥0.55 mm) were: age (HR 1.33, 95% CI 1.15-1.53, p < 0.0001), pre-pregnant BMI (HR 2.75, 95% CI 1.72-4.41, p < 0.0001), third trimester E/e’ ratio (HR 1.64, 95% CI 1.34-2.02, p < 0.0001), and third trimester NLR (HR 3.00, 95% CI 1.64-5.50, p < 0.0001). Multivariable logistic regression analysis demonstrated that third trimester NLR was the only variable that retained statistical significance (HR 2.49, 95% CI 1.35-4.59, p = 0.003). An NLR ≥ 2 reached 83% of sensitivity and 99% of specificity in identifying a CCA-IMT ≥0.55 mm (AUC = 0.95). A strong linear correlation of both third trimester NLR and RDW with CCA-IMT was observed (r = 0.89 and 0.83, respectively). Conclusions: Pregnancy is a state of chronic mild inflammation and the progressive increase in NLR and RDW during normal pregnancy is significantly associated with CCA intimal-medial thickening. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on newborn birth weight for mother with gestational diabetes mellitus or overweight/obesity: A systematic review and meta-analysis; High birth weight indicates the future risk of obesity and increased fat mass in childhood. Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or overweight are powerful predictors of high birth weight. Studies on probiotic supplementation during pregnancy have reported its benefits in modulating gut microbiota composition and improving glucose and lipid metabolism in pregnant women. Therefore, probiotic intervention during pregnancy was proposed to interrupt the transmission of obesity from mothers to newborns. Thus, we performed a meta-analysis to investigate the effect of probiotic intervention in pregnant women with GDM or overweight on newborn birth weight. We searched PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases up to 18 December 2019. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pregnant women with GDM or overweight who received probiotic intervention during pregnancy with those receiving placebo were eligible for the analysis. Newborn birth weights were pooled to calculate the mean difference with a 95% confidence interval (CI). Two reviewers assessed the trial quality and extracted data independently. Seven RCTs involving 1093 participants were included in the analysis. Compared with the placebo, probiotics had little effect on newborn birth weight of pregnant women with GDM or overweight (mean difference = −10.27, 95% CI = −90.17 to 69.63, p = 0.801). The subgroup analysis revealed that probiotic intake by women with GDM decreased newborn birth weight, whereas probiotic intake by obese pregnant women increased newborn birth weight. Thus, no evidence indicates that probiotic intake by pregnant women with GDM or overweight can control newborn birth weight. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of n-6 pufas with the risk of diabetic retinopathy in diabetic patients; Diabetic retinopathy (DR), the most common microvascular complication of diabetes and leading cause of visual impairment in adults worldwide, is suggested to be linked to abnormal lipid metabolism. The present study aims to comprehensively investigate the relationship between n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and DR. This was a propensity score matching based case–control study, including 69 pairs of DR patients and type 2 diabetic patients without DR with mean age of 56.7 ± 9.2 years. Five n-6 PUFAs were determined by UPLC-ESI-MS/MS system. Principle component regression (PCR) and multiple conditional logistic regression models were used to investigate the association of DR risk with n-6 PUFAs depending on independent training and testing sets, respectively. According to locally weighted regression model, we observed obvious negative correlation between levels of five n-6 PUFAs (linoleic acid, γ-linolenic acid, eicosadienoic acid, dihomo-γlinolenic acid and arachidonicacid) and DR. Based on multiple PCR model, we also observed significant negative association between the five n-6 PUFAs and DR with adjusted OR (95% CI) as 0.62 (0.43,0.87). When being evaluated depending on the testing set, the association was still existed, and PCR model had excellent classification performance, in which area under the curve (AUC) was 0.88 (95% CI: 0.78, 0.99). In addition, the model also had valid calibration with a non-significant Hosmer–Lemeshow Chi-square of 9.44 (P = 0.307) in the testing set. n-6 PUFAs were inversely associated with the presence of DR, and the principle component could be potential indicator in distinguishing DR from other T2D patients. © 2020 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Leads to Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Through Upregulating Hepatic SCD1 Expression in Neonate Rats; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the leading cause of liver disease in children, with evidence that the maternal diet and the early life nutritional environment are potential risk for such disease. This study was aimed to investigate the effects of maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on the occurrence of NAFLD in offspring rats and the underlying mechanisms. In this study, the incidence of NAFLD was compared in F1 offspring rats between the maternal HFD group and standard chow (SC) group. In addition, the expression levels of inflammatory cytokines in the placenta, in the umbilical cord blood, and in the livers of neonate offsprings were compared between two groups. HepG2 cells were treated with recombinant IL6 (rIL6) to assess stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) expression and lipid synthesis in an inflammatory condition. Lipid accumulation was assayed in both SCD1 overexpression and interference HepG2 cells as well as in neonatal rats. Our results showed that HFD exposure before and throughout the pregnancy induced the elevated hepatic TG content of F1 neonates. The levels of inflammatory cytokines in the placenta, umbilical cord blood, and the livers of HFD F1 neonates were significantly higher than those of the SC group. In addition, rIL6 treatment led to TG accumulation accompanied by the upregulation of SCD1 in HepG2 cell lines. Overexpression of SCD1 led to the accumulation of TG contents in HepG2 cells, whereas Scd1 knockdown attenuated the effects of rIL6 treatment. Overexpression of SCD1 in F1 neonatal rats led to hepatic lipid accumulation. Our study indicated that maternal HFD led to intrauterine inflammation, which subsequently caused transgenerationally abnormal hepatic lipid metabolism of F1 neonates. This modulation might be mediated by upregulating SCD1 expression in hepatic cells. © Copyright © 2020 Cao, Liu, Zhang and Dong.
A brief overview about the physiology of fibronectin type III domain-containing 5; Fibronectin type III domain-containing 5 (FNDC5) is a widely distributed transmembrane glycoprotein and can be proteolytically cleaved as irisin that has multiple benefits on human diseases. In this review, we will focus on the synthesis, cleavage, distribution, elimination, single nucleotide polymorphisms, protein structure and glycosylated modification of FNDC5 or the cleaved form irisin, and also summarize a brief knowledge on their biological functions. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
High risk of colorectal polyps in men with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Aim: This meta-analysis aims to explore the risk of colorectal polyps among non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) patients. Methods: We searched PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane library databases using predefined search term to identify eligible studies (published up to 7 November 2019). Data from selected studies were extracted by using a standardized information collection form, and meta-analyses were performed using random-effects model. The statistical heterogeneity among studies (I2), subgroup analyses, meta-regression analyses, and the possibility of publication bias were assessed. Results: Twenty observational (12 cross-sectional, two case–control, and six cohort) studies met the eligibility criteria, involving 142 387 asymptomatic adults. In cross-sectional/case–control studies, NAFLD was found to be associated with an increased risk of colorectal polyps (odds ratio [OR] = 1.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.23–1.47) (including unclassified colorectal polyps, hyperplastic polyps, adenomas, and cancers) with statistically significant heterogeneity (I2 = 67.8%; P < 0.001). NAFLD was also associated with a higher risk of incident colorectal polyps (hazard ratio = 1.60; 95% CI = 1.36–1.87) with low heterogeneity (I2 = 21.8%; P = 0.263) in longitudinal studies. The severity of NAFLD was associated with a higher risk of colorectal adenomas (OR = 1.57; 95% CI = 1.30–1.88), but not colorectal cancer (OR = 1.37; 95% CI = 0.92–2.03). The subgroup analysis according to gender showed that NAFLD was significantly associated with a higher risk of colorectal polyps in the male population without significant heterogeneity (OR = 1.47; 95% CI = 1.29–1.67, I2 = 0%), but not in the female population (OR = 0.88; 95% CI = 0.60–1.29, I2 = 34.2%). Conclusions: NAFLD was associated with an increased risk of colorectal polyps. There was a significant difference of the relationship between genders, which suggested more precise screening colonoscopy recommendation in NAFLD patients according to gender. © 2020 Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
The direct correlation between oxidative stress and LDL-C levels in adults is maintained by the Friedewald and Martin equations, but the methylation levels in the MTHFR and ADRB3 genes differ; Low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C) concentrations are a standard of care in the prevention of cardiovascular disease and are influenced by different factors. This study compared the LDL-C concentrations estimated by two different equations and determined their associations with inflammatory status, oxidative stress, anthropometric variables, food intake and DNA methylation levels in the LPL, ADRB3 and MTHFR genes. A cross-sectional population- based study was conducted with 236 adults (median age 37.5 years) of both sexes from the municipality of João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil. The LDL-C concentrations were estimated according to the Friedewald and Martin equations. LPL, ADRB3 and MTHFR gene methylation levels; malondialdehyde levels; total antioxidant capacity; ultra-sensitive Creactive protein, alpha-1-acid glycoprotein, homocysteine, cobalamin, and folic acid levels; usual dietary intake; and epidemiological variables were also determined. For each unit increase in malondialdehyde concentration there was an increase in the LDL-C concentration from 6.25 to 10.29 mg/dL (p <0.000). Based on the Martin equation (≥70 mg/dL), there was a decrease in the DNA methylation levels in the ADRB3 gene and an increase in the DNA methylation levels in the MTHFR gene (p <0.05). There was a positive relation of homocysteine and cholesterol intake on LDL-C concentrations estimated according to the Friedewald equation and of waist circumference and age based on the two estimates. It is concluded the LDL-C concentrations estimated by the Friedewald and Martin equations were different, and the Friedewald equation values were significantly lower than those obtained by the Martin equation. MDA was the variable that was most positively associated with the estimated LDL-C levels in all multivariate models. Significant relationships were observed based on the two estimates and occurred for most variables. The methylation levels of the ADRB3 and MTHFR genes were different according to the Martin equation at low LDL-C concentrations (70 mg/dL). © 2020 Oliveira et al.
Extracellular vesicles in the development of the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: An update; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a broad spectrum of liver damage disease from a simple fatty liver (steatosis) to more severe liver conditions such as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), fibrosis, and cirrhosis. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are a heterogeneous group of small membrane vesicles released by various cells in normal or diseased conditions. The EVs carry bioactive components in their cargos and can mediate the metabolic changes in recipient cells. In the context of NAFLD, EVs derived from adipocytes are implicated in the development of whole-body insulin resistance (IR), the hepatic IR, and fatty liver (steatosis). Excessive fatty acid accumulation is toxic to the hepatocytes, and this lipotoxicity can induce the release of EVs (hepatocyte-EVs), which can mediate the progression of fibrosis via the activation of nearby macrophages and hepatic stellate cells (HSCs). In this review, we summarized the recent findings of adipocyte-and hepatocyte-EVs on NAFLD disease development and progression. We also discussed previous studies on mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) EVs that have garnered attention due to their effects on preventing liver fibrosis and increasing liver regeneration and proliferation. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
PAPPA-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans; Pregnancy is a physiological state of continuous adaptation to changing maternal and fetal nutritional needs, including a reduction of maternal insulin sensitivity allowing for appropriately enhanced glucose availability to the fetus. However, excessive insulin resistance in conjunction with insufficient insulin secretion results in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), greatly increasing the risk for pregnancy complications and predisposing both mothers and offspring to future metabolic disease. Here, we report a signaling pathway connecting pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) with adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy. Adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and we show that, in both mice and humans, pregnancy caused remodeling of adipose tissue evidenced by altered adipocyte size, vascularization, and in vitro expansion capacity. PAPPA is known to be a metalloprotease secreted by human placenta that modulates insulin-like growth factor (IGF) bioavailability through prolteolysis of IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) 2, 4, and 5. We demonstrate that recombinant PAPPA can stimulate ex vivo human adipose tissue expansion in an IGFBP-5- and IGF-1-dependent manner. Moreover, mice lacking PAPPA displayed impaired adipose tissue remodeling, pregnancy-induced insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis, recapitulating multiple aspects of human GDM. In a cohort of 6361 pregnant women, concentrations of circulating PAPPA are inversely correlated with glycemia and odds of developing GDM. These data identify PAPPA and the IGF signaling pathway as necessary for the regulation of maternal adipose tissue physiology and systemic glucose homeostasis, with consequences for long-term metabolic risk and potential for therapeutic use. Copyright © 2020 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government Works
High fat-high fructose diet-induced changes in the gut microbiota associated with dyslipidemia in Syrian hamsters; Aim: The objective of this study was to characterize the early effects of high fructose diets (with and without high fat) on both the composition of the gut microbiota and lipid metabolism in Syrian hamsters, a reproducible preclinical model of diet-induced dyslipidemia. Methods: Eight-week-old male hamsters were fed diets consisting of high-fat/high-fructose, low-fat/high-fructose or a standard chow diet for 14 days. Stool was collected at baseline (day 0), day 7 and day 14. Fasting levels of plasma triglycerides and cholesterol were monitored on day 0, day 7 and day 14, and nonfasting levels were also assayed on day 15. Then, 16S rRNA sequencing of stool samples was used to determine gut microbial composition, and predictive metagenomics was performed to evaluate dietary-induced shifts in deduced microbial functions. Results: Both high-fructose diets resulted in divergent gut microbiota composition. A high-fat/high-fructose diet induced the largest shift in overall gut microbial composition, with dramatic shifts in the Firmicute/Bacteroidetes ratio, and changes in beta diversity after just seven days of dietary intervention. Significant associations between genus level taxa and dietary intervention were identified, including an association with Ruminococceace NK4A214 group in high-fat/high-fructose fed animals and an association with Butryimonas with the low-fat/high-fructose diet. High-fat/high-fructose feeding induced dyslipidemia with increases in plasma triglycerides and cholesterol, and hepatomegaly. Dietary-induced changes in several genus level taxa significantly correlated with lipid levels over the two-week period. Differences in microbial metabolic pathways between high-fat/high-fructose and low-fat/high-fructose diet fed hamsters were identified, and several of these pathways also correlated with lipid profiles in hamsters. Conclusions: The high-fat/high-fructose diet caused shifts in the host gut microbiota. These dietary-induced alterations in gut microbial composition were linked to changes in the production of secondary metabolites, which contributed to the development of metabolic syndrome in the host. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metabolic syndrome among children and adolescents in low and middle income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors, which is rising in the low and middle income countries (LMICs). There are various studies with inconsistent findings that are inconclusive for policy makers and program planners. Thus, this systematic review and meta-analysis aimed at estimating the pooled prevalence of MetS and its components in LMICs. Methods: Electronic searches were conducted in international databases including PubMed, Web of Science, EMBASE (Elsevier), Scopus, CINAHL (EBSCOhost), Science direct (Elsevier), Food Science and Technology Abstracts (FSTA), Global Health and Medline, and other sources (World Cat, Google Scholar, and Google). The pooled estimates were computed in the random effect model. The pooled prevalence was computed using the three diagnostic methods (IDF, ATP III and de Ferranti). Publication bias was verified using funnel plot and Egger’s regression test. Subgroup and sensitivity analysis were performed to identify the possible sources of heterogeneity among the included studies. Result: In this study, 142,142 children and adolescents from 76 eligible articles were included to compute the pooled prevalence of MetS and its components in LMCIs. MeTs among overweight and obese population was computed from 20 articles with the pooled prevalence of 24.09%, 36.5%, and 56.32% in IDF, ATP III and de Ferranti criteria, respectively. Similarly, a total of 56 articles were eligible to compute the pooled prevalence of MetS in the general population of children and adolescents. Hence, Mets was found in 3.98% (IDF), 6.71% (ATP III) and 8.91% (de Ferranti) of study subjects. Regarding the components of MetS, abdominal obesity was the major component in overweight and obese population and low HDL-C was the most common component in the general population. This study also revealed that males were highly affected by MetS than females. Conclusion: This study illustrates that MetS among children and adolescents is an emerging public health challenge in LMICs, where the prevalence of obesity is on the move. Preventive strategies such as community and school based intervention need to be designed. Promoting physical activities and healthy eating behaviors could avert this problem. © 2020, The Author(s).
Lower levels of vitamin D are associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection and mortality in the Indian population: An observational study; Background: The role of vitamin D in the susceptibility and severity of various viral diseases has been well documented. Recently, some reports highlighted the possible importance of vitamin D in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Although India receives adequate sunlight throughout the year, the majority of Indians are deficient in vitamin D levels. In the present study, we hypothesized that vitamin D deficiency would be associated with the SARS-CoV-2 infection rate and mortality in the Indian population. Materials and methods: SARS-CoV-2 infection and mortality data were obtained from the Government of India's official website (accessed on 16th August 2020). Various literature databases like PubMed and Google Scholar were searched to find the mean of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] levels in different states and union territories of India, Pearson correlation was carried out to investigate the possible link between mean 25(OH)D levels and SARS-CoV-2 infection and mortality per million of the population. Results: An inverse correlation was observed between the mean level of 25(OH)D and SARS-CoV-2 infection rate (r = −0.43, p = 0.02) and mortality rate (r = −0.42, p = 0.02). Conclusions: The present observational study revealed an association of vitamin D with SARS-CoV-2 infection and related mortality. Further studies are required to validate our observations. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Comparative analysis of fecal metabolite profiles in HFD-induced obese mice after oral administration of huangjinya green tea extract; To explore the impact of Huangjinya on metabolic disorders and host endogenous metabolite profiles, high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice were administrated with Huangjinya green tea extract (HGT) at the dose of 150 or 300 mg/kg for 9 weeks. Epigallocatechin gallate was the main catechin derivative, followed by epigallocatechin and catechin presented in HGT, which contained high levels of free amino acids (50.30 ± 0.60 mg/g). HGT significantly alleviated glucose and insulin intolerance, reduced hepatic lipid accumulation and liver steatosis, and prevented white adipose tissue expansion in HFD-fed mice. Untargeted mass spectrometry-based metabolomics analysis revealed that HGT reduced the abundance of fecal branched-chain amino acids, aromatic amino acids, sphingolipids, and most acyl cholines, modulated bile acid metabolism by increasing chenodeoxycholate and reducing cholic acid content, and increased unsaturated fatty acids content. Fatherly, HGT activated insulin/PI3K/Akt and AMPK signaling pathways in the liver, reduced adipogenic and lipogenic genes expression, and promoted the genes expression related to lipolysis and adipocyte browning in white adipose tissue, contributed to improving metabolic syndrome in HFD-fed mice. The current study reported the impact of HGT supplementation on endogenous metabolite profiles, and highlights the positive roles of HGT in preventing diet-induced obesity and the related metabolic disorders. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Mucosal Immunity and Liver Metabolism in the Complex Condition of Lactation Insufficiency; Lactation insufficiency is variously defined and includes the inability to produce milk, not producing enough milk to exclusively meet infant growth requirements, and pathological interruption of lactation (e.g., mastitis). Of women with intent-to-breastfeed, lactation insufficiency has been estimated to affect 38%–44% of newly postpartum women, likely contributing to the nearly 60% of infants that are not breastfed according to the World Health Organization’s guidelines. To date, research and clinical practice aimed at improving feeding outcomes have focused on hospital lactation support and education, with laudable results. However, researchers’ reports of recent rodent studies concerning fundamental lactation biology have suggested that the underlying pathologies of lactation insufficiency may be more nuanced than is currently appreciated. In this article, we identify mucosal biology of the breast and lactation-specific liver biology as two under-researched aspects of lactation physiology. Specifically, we argue that further scientific inquiry into reproductive state-dependent regulation of immunity in the human breast will reveal insights into novel immune based requirements for healthy lactation. Additionally, our synthesis of the literature supports the hypothesis that the liver is an essential player in lactation—highlighting the potential that pathologies of the liver may also be associated with lactation insufficiency. More research into these biologic underpinnings of lactation is anticipated to provide new avenues to understand and treat lactation insufficiency. © The Author(s) 2020.
Role of gut microbiota on onset and progression of microvascular complications of type 2 diabetes (T2DM); Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remains one of the most problematic and economic consumer disorders worldwide, with growing prevalence and incidence. Over the last years, substantial research has highlighted the intricate relationship among gut microbiota, dysbiosis and metabolic syndromes development. Changes in the gut microbiome composition lead to an imbalanced gastrointestinal habitat which promotes abnormal production of metabolites, inflammatory status, glucose metabolism alteration and even insulin resistance (IR). Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO), lipopolysaccharide, aromatic amino acids and their affiliated metabolites, contribute to T2DM via different metabolic and immunologic pathways. In this narrative review, we discuss the immunopathogenic mechanism behind gut dysbiosis, T2DM development and the major known diabetic microvascular complications (retinopathy, neuropathy and nephropathy), the beneficial use of pre-and pro-biotics and fecal microbiota transplantation in T2DM management and new findings and future perspectives in this field. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gestational Cd exposure in the CD-1 mouse induces sex-specific hepatic insulin insensitivity, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adult female offspring; There is compelling evidence that developmental exposure to toxic metals increases risk for obesity and obesity-related morbidity including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. To explore the hypothesis that developmental Cd exposure increases risk of obesity later in life, male, and female CD-1 mice were maternally exposed to 500 ppb CdCl2 in drinking water during a human gestational equivalent period (gestational day 0-postnatal day 10 [GD0-PND10]). Hallmark indicators of metabolic disruption, hepatic steatosis, and metabolic syndrome were evaluated prior to birth through adulthood. Maternal blood Cd levels were similar to those observed in human pregnancy cohorts, and Cd was undetected in adult offspring. There were no observed impacts of exposure on dams or pregnancy-related outcomes. Results of glucose and insulin tolerance testing revealed that Cd exposure impaired offspring glucose homeostasis on PND42. Exposure-related increases in circulating triglycerides and hepatic steatosis were apparent only in females. By PND120, Cd-exposed females were 30% heavier with 700% more perigonadal fat than unexposed control females. There was no evidence of dyslipidemia, steatosis, increased weight gain, nor increased adiposity in Cd-exposed male offspring. Hepatic transcriptome analysis on PND1, PND21, and PND42 revealed evidence for female-specific increases in oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction with significant early disruption of retinoic acid signaling and altered insulin receptor signaling consistent with hepatic insulin sensitivity in adult females. The observed steatosis and metabolic syndrome-like phenotypes resulting from exposure to 500 ppb CdCl2 during the pre- and perinatal period of development equivalent to human gestation indicate that Cd acts developmentally as a sex-specific delayed obesogen. © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved.
Interplay between oxidative damage, the redox status, and metabolic biomarkers during long-term fasting; Obesity and its related metabolic disorders, as well as infectious diseases like covid-19, are important health risks nowadays. It was recently documented that long-term fasting improves metabolic health and enhanced the total antioxidant capacity. The present study investigated the influence of a 10-day fasting on markers of the redox status in 109 subjects. Reducing power, 2,2’-Azino-bis(3-ethylbenzothiazoline-6-sulfonic acid) diammonium salt radical cation(ABTS) radical scavenging capacity, and hydroxyl radical scavenging capacity increased significantly, and indicated an increase of circulating antioxidant levels. No differences were detected in superoxide scavenging capacity, protein carbonyls, and superoxide dismutase when measured at baseline and after 10 days of fasting. These findings were concomitant to a decrease in blood glucose, insulin, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides as well as an increase in total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio. In addition, the well-being index as well as the subjective energy levels increased, documenting a good tolerability. There was an interplay between redox and metabolic parameters since lipid peroxidation baseline levels (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances [TBARS]) affected the ability of long-term fasting to normalize lipid levels. A machine learning model showed that a combination of antioxidant parameters measured at baseline predicted the efficiency of the fasting regimen to decrease LDL levels. In conclusion, it was demonstrated that long-term fasting enhanced the endogenous production of antioxidant molecules, that act protectively against free radicals, and in parallel improved the metabolic health status. Our results suggest that the outcome of long-term fasting strategies could be depending on the baseline values of the antioxidative and metabolic status of subjects. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Molecular mechanisms governing offspring metabolic programming in rodent models of in utero stress; The results of different human epidemiological datasets provided the impetus to introduce the now commonly accepted theory coined as ‘developmental programming’, whereby the presence of a stressor during gestation predisposes the growing fetus to develop diseases, such as metabolic dysfunction in later postnatal life. However, in a clinical setting, human lifespan and inaccessibility to tissue for analysis are major limitations to study the molecular mechanisms governing developmental programming. Subsequently, studies using animal models have proved indispensable to the identification of key molecular pathways and epigenetic mechanisms that are dysregulated in metabolic organs of the fetus and adult programmed due to an adverse gestational environment. Rodents such as mice and rats are the most used experimental animals in the study of developmental programming. This review summarises the molecular pathways and epigenetic mechanisms influencing alterations in metabolic tissues of rodent offspring exposed to in utero stress and subsequently programmed for metabolic dysfunction. By comparing molecular mechanisms in a variety of rodent models of in utero stress, we hope to summarise common themes and pathways governing later metabolic dysfunction in the offspring whilst identifying reasons for incongruencies between models so to inform future work. With the continued use and refinement of such models of developmental programming, the scientific community may gain the knowledge required for the targeted treatment of metabolic diseases that have intrauterine origins. © 2020, The Author(s).
Capsicum annuum (hot pepper): An ancient Latin-American crop with outstanding bioactive compounds and nutraceutical potential. A review; Hot pepper (Capsicum annuum) fruits, usually termed as chili, have been used since ancient times as food vegetables, flavoring ingredients, natural colorants, and in traditional medicines. Nowadays, a wide variation of sweet and pungent peppers are consumed worldwide in a large variety of forms. Interestingly, the most important hot pepper at the global level in commercial terms is C. annuum with a high number of varieties. This review compares C. annuum to other Capsicum species for plant agronomic traits, biochemical composition, the content of capsaicin and capsaicinoids and their nutraceutical and medical potentialities, and the effects of processing on quality and key components of the fruit, among other aspects. Chili contains important levels of pigments (i.e., chlorophyll, anthocyanin, and lutein) with potential health benefits; it also contains additional outstanding health-promoting chemical compounds, such as vitamins, minerals, flavonoids, carotenoids, and capsaicinoids, in general. And capsaicin, the major active compound responsible for the pungent taste of these species has been proven to have a positive role in health. We report here on how dietary chili and capsaicinoids consumption, especially capsaicin, are involved in body weight reduction and their potential antiobesity effects, in urinary disorders, as well as antioxidants, antimicrobial, anticancer, and analgesic capacity. Selected characteristics of processing for the fruit preservation on its quality and content of these compounds are described as well. However, additional clinical research on the mechanism of action and efficacy of frequent capsaicinoid consumption on human health is needed. © 2020 Institute of Food Technologists®
Improving the endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetes with chromium and vitamin D3 byreducing homocysteine and oxidative stress: A randomized placebo-controlled trial; Background: Chromium picolinate (CrPic) and vitamin D3 are known as two antioxidant micronutrients. Through inducing endothelial dysfunction, oxidants such as homocysteine (Hct) and malondialdehyde (MDA) lead to cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). No published data has directly examined the effects of these two antioxidants on improving the endothelial dysfunction in T2DM throughreducing homocysteine and oxidative stress. Methods: Subjects (n = 92) in this randomized, double blind, placebo-control study were randomly assigned to receive oral placebo (group I), D3 (group II: 50,000 IU/ week), chromium picolinate (CrPic) (group III: 500 μg/day), and both vitamin D3 and CrPic (group IV) for four months. Fasting blood samples were drawn at study baseline and following intervention to determine Hct, MDA, total antioxidant capacity (TAC), total thiol groups (SHs), vascular cell adhesion molecule- 1 (VCAM-1), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1). Results: After intervention, MDA significantly decreased in groups II and IV; TAC significantly increased in group IV, and SHs significantly augmented in group III; Hct was significantly reduced in groups II, III, and IV; and VCAM-1 significantly decreased in groups III and IV and PAI-1 was significantly reduced in groups II, III, and IV. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that through reducing homocysteine and oxidative stress and improving endothelial dysfunction, chromium and vitamin D3 co-supplementation might be predictive and preventive of cardiovascular diseasesassociated with T2DM. IRCT, IRCT20190610043852N1, registered 21 October 2019, https://fa.irct.ir/user/trial/42293/view © 2020 Elsevier GmbH
Recent updates and advances in the use of glycated albumin for the diagnosis and monitoring of diabetes and renal, cerebro-and cardio-metabolic diseases; Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous and dysmetabolic chronic disease in which the laboratory plays a fundamental role, from diagnosis to monitoring therapy and studying complications. Early diagnosis and good glycemic control should start as early as possible to delay and prevent metabolic and cardio-vascular complications secondary to this disease. Glycated hemoglobin is currently used as the reference parameter. The accuracy of the glycated hemoglobin dosage may be compromised in subjects suffering from chronic renal failure and terminal nephropathy, affected by the reduction in the survival of erythrocytes, with consequent decrease in the time available for glucose to attach to the hemoglobin. In the presence of these renal comorbidities as well as hemoglobinopathies and pregnancy, glycated hemoglobin is not reliable. In such conditions, dosage of glycated albumin can help. Glycated albumin is not only useful for short-term diagnosis and monitoring but predicts the risk of diabetes, even in the presence of euglycemia. This protein is modified in subjects who do not yet have a glycemic alteration but, as a predictive factor, heralds the risk of diabetic disease. This review summarizes the importance of glycated albumin as a biomarker for predicting and stratifying the cardiovascular risk linked to multiorgan metabolic alterations. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Amelioration of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by sodium butyrate is linked to the modulation of intestinal tight junctions in db/db mice; The intestinal microenvironment, a potential factor that contributes to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NALFD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), has a close relationship with intestinal tight junctions (TJs). Here, we show that the disruption of intestinal TJs in the intestines of 16-week-old db/db mice and in high glucose (HG)-cultured Caco-2 cells can both be improved by sodium butyrate (NaB) in a dose-dependent manner in vitro and in vivo. Accompanying the improved intestinal TJs, NaB not only relieved intestine inflammation of db/db mice and HG and LPS co-cultured Caco-2 cells but also restored intestinal Takeda G-protein-coupled (TGR5) expression, resulting in up-regulated serum GLP-1 levels. Subsequently, the GLP-1 analogue Exendin-4 was used to examine the improvement of lipid accumulation in HG and free fatty acid (FFA) co-cultured HepG2 cells. Finally, we used 16-week-old db/db mice to examine the hepatoprotective effects of NaB and its producing strain Clostridium butyricum. Our data showed that NaB and Clostridium butyricum treatment significantly reduced the levels of blood glucose and serum transaminase and markedly reduced T2DM-induced histological alterations of the liver, together with improved liver inflammation and lipid accumulation. These findings suggest that NaB and Clostridium butyricum are a potential adjuvant treatment strategy for T2DM-induced NAFLD; their hepatoprotective effect was linked to the modulation of intestinal TJs, causing the restoration of glucose and lipid metabolism and the improvement of inflammation in hepatocytes. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
An inverse association of weight and the occurrence of asymptomatic gallbladder stone disease in hypercholesterolemia patients: a case-control study; Background: Despite the fact that the majority of gallstones formed in the gallbladder are mainly composed of cholesterol, as they are formed from cholesterol-supersaturated bile, and hypercholesterolemia is a common metabolic disorder, which is closely related to cardiac, hepatic, renal and other oxidative damage inflammation and necrosis, there is still no consensus regarding the contribution of blood serum lipids in the pathogenesis of gallbladder stone disease (GSD). This study aimed to investigate the relationship between hypercholesterolemia and the risk of new-onset asymptomatic GSD, and to determine the prevalence of factors associated with new-onset asymptomatic GSD in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Methods: In this study, 927 Chinese patients with new-onset asymptomatic gallstone disease and 845 healthy controls were enrolled starting from August 2012. Patients were matched for age, gender, race, occupation, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose levels (FBG). Body mass index (BMI), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and serum lipids indexes were compared and the relationships between BMI, blood lipid and gallbladder stone hazards were examined by logistic multivariate regression models. Results: The result showed a significantly higher morbidity with GSD in hypercholesterolemia than non-hypercholesterolemia patients (Χ2 = 17.211, P < 0.001). Of hypercholesterolemia patients, low density lipoprotein (OR = 1.493, P = 0.029) and NAFLD (OR = 2.723, P = 0.022) were significant risk factors for GSD, while being male (OR = 0.244, P = 0.033), weight (OR = 0.961, P = 0.022), high density lipoprotein (OR = 0.305, P < 0.001), and FBG (OR = 0.687, P = 0.034) were significantly negatively correlated with GSD in univariate analysis. Multivariate logistic regression indicated weakly positive correlations with NAFLD (OR = 3.284, P = 0.054), and significant negative correlations with weight (OR = 0.930, P = 0.018), HDL-c (OR = 0.144, P < 0.001), and GSD. Conclusion: Hypercholesterolemia acts as an independent risk factor for new-onset asymptomatic GSD, while obesity and NAFLD are synergistic factors. Interestingly, it is first reported that elevated weight was inversely associated with GSD in patients with hypercholesterolemia. The results of this study suggest that effective control of hyperlipidemia is of greater significance than weight loss, which might make the situation worse, in the prevention of GSD in obese patients with hyperlipidemia. © 2020, The Author(s).
A nomogram model for screening the risk of diabetes in a large-scale Chinese population: an observational study from 345,718 participants; Our study is major to establish and validate a simple type||diabetes mellitus (T2DM) screening model for identifying high-risk individuals among Chinese adults. A total of 643,439 subjects who participated in the national health examination had been enrolled in this cross-sectional study. After excluding subjects with missing data or previous medical history, 345,718 adults was included in the final analysis. We used the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator models to optimize feature selection, and used multivariable logistic regression analysis to build a predicting model. The results showed that the major risk factors of T2DM were age, gender, no drinking or drinking/time > 25 g, no exercise, smoking, waist-to-height ratio, heart rate, systolic blood pressure, fatty liver and gallbladder disease. The area under ROC was 0.811 for development group and 0.814 for validation group, and the p values of the two calibration curves were 0.053 and 0.438, the improvement of net reclassification and integrated discrimination are significant in our model. Our results give a clue that the screening models we conducted may be useful for identifying Chinses adults at high risk for diabetes. Further studies are needed to evaluate the utility and feasibility of this model in various settings. © 2020, The Author(s).
Excess of ovarian nerve growth factor impairs embryonic development and causes reproductive and metabolic dysfunction in adult female mice; Nerve growth factor (NGF) is critical for the development and maintenance of the peripheral sympathetic neurons. NGF is also involved in the ovarian sympathetic innervation and in the development and maintenance of folliculogenesis. Women with the endocrine disorder, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), have an increased sympathetic nerve activity and increased ovarian NGF levels. The role of ovarian NGF excess in the PCOS pathophysiology and in the PCOS-related features is unclear. Here, using transgenic mice overexpressesing NGF in the ovarian theca cells (17NF mice), we assessed the female embryonic development, and the reproductive and metabolic profile in adult females. Ovarian NGF excess caused growth restriction in the female fetuses, and a delayed gonocyte and primary oocyte maturation. In adulthood, the 17NF mice displayed irregular estrous cycles and altered ovarian expression of steroidogenic and epigenetic markers. They also exhibited an increased sympathetic output with increased circulating dopamine, and metabolic dysfunction reflected by aberrant adipose tissue morphology and function, impaired glucose metabolism, decreased energy expenditure, and hepatic steatosis. These findings indicate that ovarian NGF excess leads to adverse fetal development and to reproductive and metabolic complications in adulthood, mirroring common features of PCOS. This work provides evidence that NGF excess may be implicated in the PCOS pathophysiology. © 2020 The Authors. The FASEB Journal published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology
Whey versus casein as a protein source during the weaning period: Impact on growth and later adiposity and glucose homeostasis in a rat model of intrauterine growth restriction; The impact of early life protein source (whey vs. casein) on short-and long-term glucose homeostasis and adiposity is unknown and was investigated in this study. At the end of the suckling period, non-IUGR (intrauterine growth restriction) and IUGR pups were separated from dams and were randomized into four groups. From age 21–49 days, non-IUGR and IUGR pups were fed ad-libitum chow or a semi-synthetic diet (20% from protein; casein or whey) and from age 50–199 days, all groups were fed ad-libitum chow. Food intake, body composition, glucose, and insulin homeostasis were assessed. Among the chow groups, IUGR had slower growth and higher fasting glucose at age 42 days, as well as higher fasting and AUC glucose at age 192 days relative to non-IUGR. The whey IUGR group had a slower growth rate and higher fasting glycemia in early life (age 21–49 days) and higher HOMA-IR later in life (age 120–122 and 190–192 days) relative to casein IUGR. This study shows the potential advantage of casein relative to whey during weaning on short term energy intake, growth, and glucose homeostasis in an IUGR model and reveals, for the first time, its long term impact on insulin sensitivity, which may have implications for later metabolic health, particularly in small-for-gestational-age populations at risk of type 2 diabetes. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The association of oxidative stress with serum irisin and betatrophin in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background. Irisin and betatrophin are polypeptide hormones implicated in glucose metabolism and insulin resistance (IR). Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is accompanied by oxidative stress (OS) and the association between circulating irisin and betatrophin levels and GDM is controversial. The present study aimed to investigate the association of second-trimester irisin, betatrophin concentrations and their correlations between serum OS markers in GDM patients. Methods. The study included 45 GDM patients and 45-age matched pregnant women as controls. Serum fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, ischemia modified albumin (IMA), total oxidative stress (TOS), total antioxidant status (TAS), oxidative stress index (OSI), irisin and betatrophin were measured. Results. Serum irisin levels were decreased and TOS and OSI levels were found to be increased in the patient group. No significant difference was found with respect to serum betatrophin and IMA levels between study groups. A correlation analysis revealed no correlation between serum irisin and other assessed variables. Conclusions. Gestational diabetes mellitus is an OS condition in addition to being a metabolic disease. Although not correlated with OS, irisin but not betatrophin may be a useful biomarker to predict GDM. © 2020 Via Medica. All rights reserved.
Maternal sitagliptin treatment attenuates offspring glucose metabolism and intestinal proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-α expression in male rats; Increasing evidence shows that maternal overnutrition may increase the risk of diabetes in offspring. We hypothesized that maternal sitagliptin intervention may improve glucose intolerance through gut targeting. Female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were fed a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks before mating. ND pregnant rats were divided into two subgroups: ND group (ND alone) and the ND-sitagliptin group (ND combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment). HFD pregnant rats were randomized to one of two groups: HFD group (HFD alone) and the HFD-sitagliptin group (HFD combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose metabolism was assessed in offspring at weaning. Intestinal gene expression levels were investigated. Maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in male pups. Moreover, maternal sitagliptin treatment inhibited offspring disordered intestinal expression of proinflammatory markers, including interleukin-6 (Il6), ll1b, and tumor necrosis factor (Tnf ), at weaning and reduced intestinal IL-6, TNF-α expression by immunohistochemical staining and serum IL-6, TNF-α levels. However, maternal sitagliptin intervention did not affect offspring serum anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 level. Our results are the first to show that maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose metabolism in male offspring. It may be involved with moderating intestinal IL-6 and TNF-α expression in male rat offspring. Copyright 2020 Zhang et al.
Role of metformin in various pathologies: State-of-the-art microcapsules for improving its pharmacokinetics; Metformin was originally derived from a botanical ancestry and became the most prescribed, first-line therapy for Type 2 diabetes in most countries. In the last century, metformin was discovered twice for its antiglycemic properties in addition to its antimalarial and anti-influenza effects. Metformin exhibits flip-flop pharmacokinetics with limited oral bioavailability. This review outlines metformin pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and recent advances in polymeric particulate delivery systems as a potential tool to target metformin delivery to specific tissues/organs. This interesting biguanide is being rediscovered this century for multiple clinical indications as anticancer, anti-aging, anti-inflammatory, anti-Alzheimer's and much more. Microparticulate delivery systems of metformin may improve its oral bioavailability and optimize the therapeutic goals expected.  © 2020
Diosgenin, a steroidal saponin, and its analogs: Effective therapies against different chronic diseases; Background: Chronic diseases are a major cause of mortality worldwide, and despite the recent development in treatment modalities, synthetic drugs have continued to show toxic side effects and development of chemoresistance, thereby limiting their application. The use of phytochemicals has gained attention as they show minimal side effects. Diosgenin is one such phytochemical which has gained importance for its efficacy against the life-threatening diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer, nervous system disorders, asthma, arthritis, diabetes, and many more. Aim: To evaluate the literature available on the potential of diosgenin and its analogs in modulating different molecular targets leading to the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases. Method: A detailed literature search has been carried out on PubMed for gathering information related to the sources, biosynthesis, physicochemical properties, biological activities, pharmacokinetics, bioavailability and toxicity of diosgenin and its analogs. Key findings: The literature search resulted in many in vitro, in vivo and clinical trials that reported the efficacy of diosgenin and its analogs in modulating important molecular targets and signaling pathways such as PI3K/AKT/mTOR, JAK/STAT, NF-κB, MAPK, etc., which play a crucial role in the development of most of the diseases. Reports have also revealed the safety of the compound and the adaptation of nanotechnological approaches for enhancing its bioavailability and pharmacokinetic properties. Significance: Thus, the review summarizes the efficacy of diosgenin and its analogs for developing as a potent drug against several chronic diseases. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic impact of current therapeutic strategies in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: a preliminary study; Purpose: To investigate the metabolic impact of currently used therapies in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: This is an observational, retrospective and transversal protocol. A small cohort of 133 patients, aged 14–48 years, diagnosed with PCOS was divided into four experimental groups: 1) untreated PCOS patients (n = 51); 2) PCOS patients treated with one of the following therapies (n = 82): a) combined oral contraceptives (COC, n = 35); b) metformin (n = 11); and c) inositols (n = 36). Results: Although only < 10% of patients included in this cohort can be strictly encompassed in the development of metabolic syndrome, approximately 20% had insulin resistance. In PCOS patients, COC treatment modified the hormonal profile and worsened lipid parameters (increasing cholesterol and triglyceride levels) and insulin resistance, whereas inositol therapies improved significantly insulin resistance and glycosylated hemoglobin, reducing cholesterol and triglyceride levels. In these women, obesity was associated with greater alterations in lipid and glycemic metabolism and with higher blood pressure levels. PCOS patients with phenotype A presented vaster alterations in lipid metabolism and higher values of glycosylated hemoglobin as well as blood pressure compared to other PCOS phenotypes. Conclusions: Results in this paper suggest that inositol therapies (alone or combined with COC) are the most useful therapies with the best benefits against PCOS symptoms. Thus, integrative treatment may become a more efficient long-term choice to control PCOS symptoms. Furthermore, obesity can be considered as an adverse symptom and calorie restriction a key element of combined treatment in PCOS, not only for fertility management but also in long-term metabolic sequelae. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Protective Effect of the Intracellular Content from Potential Probiotic Bacteria against Oxidative Damage Induced by Acrylamide in Human Erythrocytes; The aim of this study was to assess the protective effect of the intracellular content obtained from potential probiotic bacteria against acrylamide-induced oxidative damage in human erythrocytes. First, the antioxidant properties of 12 potential probiotic strains was evaluated. Two commercial probiotic bacteria were included as reference strains, namely, Lactobacillus casei Shirota and Lactobacillus paracasei 431. Data showed that the intracellular content from four strains, i.e., Lactobacillus fermentum J10, Lactobacillus pentosus J24 and J26, and Lactobacillus pentosus J27, showed higher (P < 0.05) antioxidant capacity in most methods used. Thereafter, the intracellular content of such pre-selected strains was able to prevent the disturbance of the antioxidant system of human erythrocytes exposed to acrylamide, thereby reducing cell disruption and eryptosis development (P < 0.05). Additionally, the degree of oxidative stress in erythrocytes exposed to acrylamide was significantly (P < 0.05) reduced to levels similar to the basal conditions when the intracellular content of Lact. fermentum J10, Lact. pentosus J27, and Lact. paracasei 431 were employed. Hence, our findings suggest that the intracellular contents of specific Lactobacillus strains represent a potential source of metabolites with antioxidant properties that may help reduce the oxidative stress induced by acrylamide in human erythrocytes. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Effect of soy products and isoflavones on oxidative stress parameters: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Soy products and isoflavones intake have been shown to exert antioxidant effects. There are several randomized control trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effect of soy products intake on oxidative stress (OS) parameters. The aim of the present systematic review and meta-analysis was to summarize the results of RCTs evaluating the effect of soy products and isoflavones intake on OS parameters. Randomized trials that assessed the effect of soy products and isoflavones intake on OS parameters in adults were identified through searching in electronic databases: Cochrane clinical trial center, Embase, PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences up to April 2020. Random effects model was used to calculate the effects sizes of soy intake on OS parameters. Twenty-four trials with 1,852 participants were eligible and were included in the meta-analysis which measured OS parameters. Soy intake compared to control group significantly reduced MDA levels (SMD: −0.53; 95% CI: −0.86, −0.19; I2 = 88.3%), increased GSH levels (SMD: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.13, 0.88; I2 = 72.4%), SOD activity (SMD: 0.53; 95% CI: 0.08, 0.99; I2 = 84.1%), TAC (SMD: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.27, 0.82; I2 = 49.3%) and TRAP (SMD: 1.74; 95% CI: 0.82, 2.65; I2 = 81.3%) significantly compared to control group. Soy products and isoflavones intake are effective in improving OS parameters in adults compared with controls; thus, it could be a valuable advise to control OS progress in chronic diseases. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Offspring susceptibility to metabolic alterations due to maternal high-fat diet and the impact of inhaled ozone used as a stressor; The influence of maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on metabolic response to ozone was examined in Long-Evans rat offspring. F0 females were fed control diet (CD; 10%kcal from fat) or HFD (60%kcal from fat) starting at post-natal day (PND) 30. Rats were bred on PND 72. Dietary regimen was maintained until PND 30 when all offspring were switched to CD. On PND 40, F1 offspring (n = 10/group/sex) were exposed to air or 0.8 ppm ozone for 5 h. Serum samples were collected for global metabolomic analysis (n = 8/group/sex). Offspring from HFD dams had increased body fat and weight relative to CD. Metabolomic analysis revealed significant sex-, diet-, and exposure-related changes. Maternal HFD increased free fatty acids and decreased phospholipids (male > female) in air-exposed rats. Microbiome-associated histidine and tyrosine metabolites were increased in both sexes, while 1,5-anhydroglucitol levels decreased in males indicating susceptibility to insulin resistance. Ozone decreased monohydroxy fatty acids and acyl carnitines and increased pyruvate along with TCA cycle intermediates in females (HFD > CD). Ozone increased various amino acids, polyamines, and metabolites of gut microbiota in HFD female offspring indicating gut microbiome alterations. Collectively, these data suggest that maternal HFD increases offspring susceptibility to metabolic alterations in a sex-specific manner when challenged with environmental stressors. © 2020, The Author(s).
Regulating effect of Lactobacillus plantarum CQPC03 on lipid metabolism in high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice; Probiotics are regard as safety approaches for preventing and treating some chronic diseases. This study investigated the regulating effect of Lactobacillus plantarum CQPC03 (LP-CQPC03) on lipid metabolism in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity in mice. The results showed that administration of LP-CQPC03 at a concentration of 1.0 × 109 CFU/kg body weight inhibits HFD-induced obesity and improves lipid metabolism in the liver and serum. LP-CQPC03 intervention attenuated obesity-induced hepatic tissue damage, led decreases in hepatic triglyceride (42.02 mmol/gprot), total cholesterol (3.85 mmol/gprot), and LDL-C (1.03 mmol/gprot), and an increase in HDL-C (1.07 mmol/gprot). The same tendencies were observed in serum of HFD-fed mice. LP-CQPC03 intervention led a decrease in serum levels of aspartic transaminase, alanine transaminase, and alkaline phosphatase. LP-CQPC03 alleviated inflammation by increasing the level of interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-10, and decreasing the levels of pro-inflammatory factors, including IL-6, IL-1β, tumor necrosis factor-α, and interferon-γ. LP-CQPC03 also increased activities of SOD and GSH-Px in liver significantly and dropped the hepatic malondialdehyde (MDA) level from 3.39 nmol/gprot to 1.90 nmol/gprot. RT-qPCR results showed that the lipid metabolism-improving effect of LP-CQPC03 was performed by upregulating the expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1, lipoprotein lipase, catalase, and superoxide dismutase 1. This study indicates that L. plantarum CQPC03 might be a potential probiotic that can help mitigate the adverse effects of excessive lipids on the liver, and prevent or alleviate high-energy intake-related obesity. Practical applications: Intaking high-energy foods is a potential risk of lipid metabolic disorder. Therefore, it is necessary to seek an effective and safe approach for preventing the obesity-related disease. This study found that LP-CQPC03 limited the rate of increase in body weight of mice fed on HFD, maintained normal hepatic tissue morphology, and exhibited a strong regulating effect on lipid metabolism. And the threshold concentration of LP-CQPC03 for the lipid-lowering effect was 1.0 × 109 CFU/kg body weight. Therefore, LP-CQPC03 is a potential probiotic for preventing or alleviating high-energy intake-related obesity. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
No Independent Association of Circulating Fetuin-A with Insulin Sensitivity in Young Women; Animal data link high circulating fetuin-A to low insulin sensitivity and observational studies identify the hepatokine as a marker of future incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans. However, a recent, well-powered Mendelian randomization study finds no causal role. We therefore tested in a deeply-phenotyped human cohort if circulating fetuin-A correlates independently with insulin sensitivity and how it relates to the metabolic syndrome and ectopic fat deposition. We analyzed data from 290 young women with and without recent gestational diabetes mellitus. We found that circulating fetuin-A correlates inversely with insulin sensitivity in univariate analyses, but that this correlation is lost after adjustment for markers of the metabolic syndrome and of fatty liver. Additionally, we investigated which fat compartment associates most strongly with circulating fetuin-A. In whole body MRI data from a subcohort of 152 women, this was liver fat content. We conclude that high circulating fetuin-A occurs as part of the metabolic syndrome in young women and associates most strongly with liver fat content. Its close link to the metabolic syndrome may also cause the inverse correlation of circulating fetuin-A with insulin sensitivity as we found no independent association. © 2020 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
C2C12 cell model: its role in understanding of insulin resistance at the molecular level and pharmaceutical development at the preclinical stage; Objectives: The myoblast cell line, C2C12, has been utilised extensively in vitro as an examination model in understanding metabolic disease progression. Although it is indispensable in both preclinical and pharmaceutical research, a comprehensive review of its use in the investigation of insulin resistance progression and pharmaceutical development is not available. Key findings: C2C12 is a well-documented model, which can facilitate our understanding in glucose metabolism, insulin signalling mechanism, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, reactive oxygen species and glucose transporters at cellular and molecular levels. With the aid of the C2C12 model, recent studies revealed that insulin resistance has close relationship with various metabolic diseases in terms of disease progression, pathogenesis and therapeutic management. A holistic, safe and effective disease management is highly of interest. Therefore, significant efforts have been paid to explore novel drug compounds and natural herbs that can elicit therapeutic effects in the targeted sites at both cellular (e.g. mitochondria, glucose transporter) and molecular level (e.g. genes, signalling pathway). Summary: The use of C2C12 myoblast cell line is meaningful in pharmaceutical and biomedical research due to their expression of GLUT-4 and other features that are representative to human skeletal muscle cells. With the use of the C2C12 cell model, the impact of drug delivery systems (nanoparticles and quantum dots) on skeletal muscle, as well as the relationship between exercise, pancreatic β-cells and endothelial cells, was discovered. © 2020 Royal Pharmaceutical Society
The International Scientific Association for Probiotics and Prebiotics (ISAPP) consensus statement on the definition and scope of synbiotics; In May 2019, the International Scientific Association for Probiotics and Prebiotics (ISAPP) convened a panel of nutritionists, physiologists and microbiologists to review the definition and scope of synbiotics. The panel updated the definition of a synbiotic to “a mixture comprising live microorganisms and substrate(s) selectively utilized by host microorganisms that confers a health benefit on the host”. The panel concluded that defining synbiotics as simply a mixture of probiotics and prebiotics could suppress the innovation of synbiotics that are designed to function cooperatively. Requiring that each component must meet the evidence and dose requirements for probiotics and prebiotics individually could also present an obstacle. Rather, the panel clarified that a complementary synbiotic, which has not been designed so that its component parts function cooperatively, must be composed of a probiotic plus a prebiotic, whereas a synergistic synbiotic does not need to be so. A synergistic synbiotic is a synbiotic for which the substrate is designed to be selectively utilized by the co-administered microorganisms. This Consensus Statement further explores the levels of evidence (existing and required), safety, effects upon targets and implications for stakeholders of the synbiotic concept. © 2020, The Author(s).
Circadian rhythms and the gut microbiota: from the metabolic syndrome to cancer; The metabolic syndrome is prevalent in developed nations and accounts for the largest burden of non-communicable diseases worldwide. The metabolic syndrome has direct effects on health and increases the risk of developing cancer. Lifestyle factors that are known to promote the metabolic syndrome generally cause pro-inflammatory alterations in microbiota communities in the intestine. Indeed, alterations to the structure and function of intestinal microbiota are sufficient to promote the metabolic syndrome, inflammation and cancer. Among the lifestyle factors that are associated with the metabolic syndrome, disruption of the circadian system, known as circadian dysrhythmia, is increasingly common. Disruption of the circadian system can alter microbiome communities and can perturb host metabolism, energy homeostasis and inflammatory pathways, which leads to the metabolic syndrome. This Perspective discusses the role of intestinal microbiota and microbial metabolites in mediating the effects of disruption of circadian rhythms on human health. © 2020, Springer Nature Limited.
The association of dietary choline and betaine with the risk of type 2 diabetes: The atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study; OBJECTIVE To examine the association between dietary intake of choline and betaine and the risk of type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Among 13,440 Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study participants, the prospective longitudinal association between dietary choline and betaine intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes was assessed using interval-censored Cox pro-portional hazards and logistic regression models adjusted for baseline potential confounding variables. RESULTS Among 13,440 participants (55% women, mean age 54 [SD 7.4] years), 1,396 developed incident type 2 diabetes during median follow-up of 9 years from 1987 to 1998. There was no statistically significant association between every 1-SD increase in dietary choline and risk of type 2 diabetes (hazard ratio [HR] 1.01 [95% CI 0.87, 1.16]) nor between dietary betaine intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes (HR 1.01 [0.94, 1.10]). Those in the highest quartile of dietary choline intake did not have a statistically significant higher risk of type 2 diabetes than those in the lowest choline quartile (HR 1.09 [0.84, 1.42]); similarly, dietary betaine intake was not associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes comparing the highest quartile to the lowest (HR 1.06 [0.87, 1.29]). Among women, there was a higher risk of type 2 diabetes, comparing the highest to lowest dietary choline quartile (HR 1.54 [1.06, 2.25]), while in men, the association was null (HR 0.82 [0.57, 1.17]). Nevertheless, there was a nonsignificant interaction between high choline intake and sex on the risk of type 2 diabetes (P 5 0.07). The results from logistic regression were similar. CONCLUSIONS Overall and among male participants, dietary choline or betaine intakes were not associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes. Among female participants, there was a trend for a modestly higher risk of type 2 diabetes among those with the highest as compared with the lowest quartile of dietary choline intake. Our study should inform clinical trials on dietary choline and betaine supplementation in relationship with the risk of type 2 diabetes. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Astaxanthin alleviates gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through suppression of oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide, which increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease for both the mother and the fetus. Natural compound Astaxanthin has been reported to have benefits in obesity and diabetes. A pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mouse was used as a genetic GDM model to investigate the effect of Astaxanthin on GDM symptoms and reproductive outcomes. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucose intolerance, insulin sensitivity, biochemical indexes of plasma, and the liver were measured; Nrf2 and HO-1 protein levels were detected by Western blotting. Astaxanthin significantly alleviated the glucose intolerance and β cell insufficiency, inhibited in vivo oxidative stress, enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes, and improved reproductive outcomes. Mechanistically, the effect of Astaxanthin was mediated by restoring the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Our findings supported that Astaxanthin was a potential therapeutic reagent for not only diabetes but also GDM symptomology. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
2,3,5,6-Tetramethylpyrazine improves diet-induced whole-body insulin resistance via suppressing white adipose tissue lipolysis in mice; Ectopic lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle and liver arises when nutrient storage systems are exposed to chronic energy surplus, leading to whole-body insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. One recent study has shown 2,3,5,6-tetramethylpyrazine (TMP), highly enriched in roasted foodstuffs, such as cocoa and peanuts, significantly decreases blood lipids levels and ameliorates ApoE-defect induced atherosclerosis suggesting a potent role of TMP in lipid dysregulation improvement. Here, we evaluated the impact of TMP treatment on high fat diet (HFD)-induced insulin resistance. Using hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic mouse clamp, we demonstrated 4-week TMP treatment improved whole-body insulin resistance in HFD-fed mice through suppressing lipolysis in white adipose tissue associated with reduced triglyceride in liver and improved glucose uptake in skeletal muscle. Collectively, our work provides proof-of-concept data to support the development of white adipose tissue-targeted medicine for the treatment of metabolic disorder. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Effect of DASH diet on oxidative stress parameters: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background and aims: Oxidative stress (OS) is one of the main risk factors for several chronic diseases. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) contain many antioxidants and may contribute to managing OS. Objective: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis to examine the impacts of the DASH diet on OS parameters. Methods: A comprehensive electronic search in MEDLINE, Scopus, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was performed through September 2020 to find related studies evaluating the impact of the DASH diet on OS parameters. Standardized mean differences were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Eight studies with a total of 317 subjects met our inclusion criteria. Four studies included in meta-analysis model with 200 participants (100 in treatment and 100 in control group). The DASH diet was associated with a statistically significant decrease in malondialdehyde (MDA) (SMD: −0.53; 95% CI: −0.89, −0.16; I2 = 42.1%), and a significant increase in glutathione (GSH) (SMD: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.36, 1.03; I2 = 42.1%). Meta-analysis found no statistically significant effect of DASH diet on nitric oxide (NO) (SMD: −1.40; 95% CI: −0.12, 1.93; I2 = 92.6%) or total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels (SMD: 0.95; 95% CI: −0.10, 1.99; I2 = 87.6%). Conclusion: Our results demonstrated that a DASH diet could significantly increase GSH and decrease MDA levels. Furthermore, there is a trend to improve TAC, NO, and f2-isoprostanes by the adherence to the DASH diet. However, long-term, large sample size and well-designed randomized clinical trials are still needed to draw concrete conclusions about DASH diet's effects on OS parameters. © 2020
Supplementation with a prebiotic (polydextrose) in obese mouse pregnancy improves maternal glucose homeostasis and protects against offspring obesity; Objectives: We hypothesised that maternal diet-induced-obesity has adverse consequences for offspring energy expenditure and susceptibility to obesity in adulthood, and that the prebiotic polydextrose (PDX) would prevent the consequences of programming by maternal obesity. Methods: Female mice were fed a control (Con) or obesogenic diet (Ob) for 6 weeks prior to mating and throughout pregnancy and lactation. Half the obese dams were supplemented with 5% PDX (ObPDX) in drinking water throughout pregnancy and lactation. Offspring were weaned onto standard chow. At 3 and 6 months, offspring energy intake (EI) and energy expenditure (EE by indirect calorimetry) were measured, and a glucose-tolerance test performed. Offspring of control (OffCon), obese (OffOb) and PDX supplemented (OffObP) dams were subsequently challenged for 3 weeks with Ob, and energy balanced reassessed. Potential modifiers of offspring energy balance including gut microbiota and biomarkers of mitochondrial activity were also evaluated. Results: Six-month-old male OffOb demonstrated increased bodyweight (BW, P < 0.001) and white adipose tissue mass (P < 0.05), decreased brown adipose tissue mass (BAT, P < 0.01), lower night-time EE (P < 0.001) versus OffCon, which were prevented in OffObP. Both male and female OffOb showed abnormal glucose-tolerance test (peak [Glucose] P < 0.001; AUC, P < 0.05) which was prevented by PDX. The Ob challenge resulted in greater BW gain in both male and female OffOb versus OffCon (P < 0.05), also associated with increased EI (P < 0.05) and reduced EE in females (P < 0.01). OffObP were protected from accelerated BW gain on the OB diet compared with controls, associated with increased night-time EE in both male (P < 0.05) and female OffObP (P < 0.001). PDX also prevented an increase in skeletal muscle mtDNA copy number in OffOb versus OffCon (P < 0.01) and increased the percentage of Bacteroides cells in faecal samples from male OffObP relative to controls. Conclusions: Maternal obesity adversely influences adult offspring energy balance and propensity for obesity, which is ameliorated by maternal PDX treatment with associated changes in gut microbiota composition and skeletal muscle mitochondrial function. © 2020, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Efficacy of dietary odd-chain saturated fatty acid pentadecanoic acid parallels broad associated health benefits in humans: could it be essential?; Dietary odd-chain saturated fatty acids (OCFAs) are present in trace levels in dairy fat and some fish and plants. Higher circulating concentrations of OCFAs, pentadecanoic acid (C15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (C17:0), are associated with lower risks of cardiometabolic diseases, and higher dietary intake of OCFAs is associated with lower mortality. Population-wide circulating OCFA levels, however, have been declining over recent years. Here, we show C15:0 as an active dietary fatty acid that attenuates inflammation, anemia, dyslipidemia, and fibrosis in vivo, potentially by binding to key metabolic regulators and repairing mitochondrial function. This is the first demonstration of C15:0’s direct role in attenuating multiple comorbidities using relevant physiological mechanisms at established circulating concentrations. Pairing our findings with evidence that (1) C15:0 is not readily made endogenously, (2) lower C15:0 dietary intake and blood concentrations are associated with higher mortality and a poorer physiological state, and (3) C15:0 has demonstrated activities and efficacy that parallel associated health benefits in humans, we propose C15:0 as a potential essential fatty acid. Further studies are needed to evaluate the potential impact of decades of reduced intake of OCFA-containing foods as contributors to C15:0 deficiencies and susceptibilities to chronic disease. © 2020, The Author(s).
Mid-gestation low-dose LPS administration results in female-specific excessive weight gain upon a western style diet in mouse offspring; Gestational complications, including preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, have long-term adverse consequences for offspring’s metabolic and cardiovascular health. A low-grade systemic inflammatory response is likely mediating this. Here, we examine the consequences of LPS-induced gestational inflammation on offspring’s health in adulthood. LPS was administered to pregnant C57Bl/6J mice on gestational day 10.5. Maternal plasma metabolomics showed oxidative stress, remaining for at least 5 days after LPS administration, likely mediating the consequences for the offspring. From weaning on, all offspring was fed a control diet; from 12 to 24 weeks of age, half of the offspring received a western-style diet (WSD). The combination of LPS-exposure and WSD resulted in hyperphagia and increased body weight and body fat mass in the female offspring. This was accompanied by changes in glucose tolerance, leptin and insulin levels and gene expression in liver and adipose tissue. In the hypothalamus, expression of genes involved in food intake regulation was slightly changed. We speculate that altered food intake behaviour is a result of dysregulation of hypothalamic signalling. Our results add to understanding of how maternal inflammation can mediate long-term health consequences for the offspring. This is relevant to many gestational complications with a pro-inflammatory reaction in place. © 2020, The Author(s).
Alcohol consumption before pregnancy causes detrimental fetal development and maternal metabolic disorders; Alcohol consumption before or during pregnancy poses serious health risks to the fetus; however, the underlying mechanisms involved remain obscure. Here, we investigated whether ethanol consumption before pregnancy affects maternal or fetal health and whether pharmacological inhibition of CYP2E1, a major ethanol oxidation enzyme, by 4-methylpyrazole (4-MP) has therapeutic effects. We found that ethanol consumption (5%) 2 weeks before pregnancy resulted in a decrease in the number of viable fetuses and abnormal fetal development, and these effects were accompanied by impaired maternal glucose homeostasis and hepatic steatosis during pregnancy. Neonates of ethanol-fed mice had postnatal macrosomia and significantly decreased growth rates during the lactation period. However, treatment with 4-MP, a CYP2E1 inhibitor, markedly ameliorated the reduction in insulin action and glucose disposal responsiveness in the livers of ethanol-fed mice. Blockage of CYP2E1 significantly reduced the alteration in hepatic lipid deposition, fatty acid oxidation, mitochondrial energy status, and macrophage infiltration observed in ethanol-fed mice. Finally, there was a positive correlation between postnatal macrosomia or growth retardation and increased inflammatory responses. Collectively, our study suggests that even moderate ethanol intake may be detrimental to fetal development and may cause growth retardation through maternal metabolic disorders. © 2020, The Author(s).
Advanced maternal age impacts physiologic adaptations to pregnancy in vervet monkeys; The trend to delay pregnancy in the USA has resulted in the number of advanced maternal age (AMA) pregnancies to also increase. In humans, AMA is associated with a variety of pregnancy-related pathologies such as preeclampsia (PE). While AMA is known to be a factor which contributes to the development of pregnancy-induced diseases, the molecular and cellular mechanisms giving rise to this phenomenon are still very limited. This is due in part to lack of a preclinical model which has physiologic relevance to human pregnancy while also allowing control of environmental and genetic variability inherent in human studies. To determine potential physiologic relevance of the vervet/African green monkey (Chlorocebus aethiops sabaeus) as a preclinical model to study the effects of AMA on adaptations to pregnancy, thirteen age-diverse pregnant vervet monkeys (3–16 years old) were utilized to measure third trimester blood pressure (BP), complete blood count, iron measurements, and hormone levels. Significant associations were observed between third trimester diastolic BP and maternal age. Furthermore, the presence of leukocytosis with enhanced circulating neutrophils was observed in AMA mothers compared to younger mothers. Moreover, we observed a negative relationship between maternal age and estradiol, progesterone, and cortisol levels. Finally, offspring born to AMA mothers displayed a postnatal growth retardation phenotype. These studies demonstrate physiologic impairment in the adaptation to pregnancy in AMA vervet/African green monkeys. Our data indicate that the vervet/African green monkey may serve as a useful preclinical model and tool for deciphering pathological mediators of maternal disease in AMA pregnancy. © 2020, American Aging Association.
Diabetes clusters: Diabetes subgroups and complications; Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous disease with different clinical pictures and risks of comorbidities and complications. Previous classifications have been limited—aside from gestational diabetes and specific forms of known cause—to the description of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Using simple variables, it is possible to subdivide these diabetes types into subtypes (clusters), which allows for the precise characterization of specific groups of patients and could enable tailored prevention, diagnosis, and therapy in the future. © 2020, Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Mediterranean diets and diabetes prevention: Time for evidence; The Mediterranean diets (MD) are now well acknowledged as healthy eating patterns combining restricted intakes in saturated fats with an enrichment in monounsaturated fatty acids and a high nutritional density. Several prospective epidemiologic studies have established the benefits of MD on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D), metabolic syndromes and adverse cardiovascular outcomes. The adherence to MD is also associated with a lower risk for the onset of gestational diabetes. A few randomized controlled trials, such as the PREDIMED study, have suggested that the sustained consumption of MD reduces the risk for developing T2D by 30%, approximately, and improves the metabolic control of those with overt T2D. The causative mechanisms are still a subject of debate, but the beneficial effects of MD are probably due to their high content in antioxidant nutrients and/or monounsaturated fats, but also to their impacts on the intestinal microbiota. Today MD appears as worldwide dietary recommended approaches for preventing and treating T2D. © 2020 Elsevier Masson SAS
Autophagy mediates perfluorooctanoic acid-induced lipid metabolism disorder and NLRP3 inflammasome activation in hepatocytes; Autophagy dysfunction is involved in liver steatosis and inflammation caused by PFOA exposure. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd; Perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) has applications in numerous industrial products and is an industrial waste that is persistently present in the environment. Exposure to PFOA results in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. In this study, male C57BL/6 mice were exposed to PFOA (1 mg/kg/day) for 4 weeks to evaluate the effect of PFOA, and the human liver cell line (L-02) was used to observe the direct effect of PFOA in vitro. After PFOA exposure, the expression of genes related to hepatic lipogenesis, the NLRP3 inflammasome, and autophagy were measured. We found that exposure to PFOA induced lipid accumulation and stimulated lipogenesis in both mouse livers and L-02 cells. In addition, increased NLRP3 aggregation and enhanced production of IL-1β occurred after PFOA treatment. We also found that PFOA exposure induced autophagosome formation and p62 accumulation, indicating blockage of autophagic ﬂux. Rapamycin alleviated PFOA-induced lipid accumulation and NLRP3 inflammasome activation by activating autophagic flux. Conversely, chloroquine, an autophagic flux inhibitor, exacerbated PFOA-induced lipid accumulation and NLRP3 inflammasome activation. Collectively, these results provide evidence to show that PFOA-induced blockade of autophagic flux causes an increase in lipid synthesis and inflammation in vivo and in vitro. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Astaxanthin targets PI3K/Akt signaling pathway toward potential therapeutic applications; The complex pathophysiological mechanisms behind destructive chronic conditions, including cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, and hepatic failure urge the need for finding related pivotal dysregulated signaling mediators, as well as multi-target therapeutic agents. In the current study, critical roles of phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (Akt) pathway, as potential therapeutic targets in the pathogenesis of various diseases has been described. This pathway is also interconnected with several downstream inflammatory, oxidative stress, and apoptotic mediators, as dysregulated pathways in chronic diseases. Therefore, identifying novel multi-target agents to attenuate PI3K/Akt, thereby related downstream pathways, is of great importance. Astaxanthin (AST) is a multi-target lipid-soluble keto-carotenoid derived from the varieties of marine organisms, with potential anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and antiapoptotic properties through PI3K/Akt pathway. Nowadays, due to its high nutritional and medicinal value, research on AST is increasing. This review aimed to address PI3K/Akt targeted by AST in several diseases toward clinical applications. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Serum adipokines play different roles in type I and II ketosis; Objective: This study was conducted to investigate the differences in several serum adipokines in perinatal dairy cows with type I and II ketosis, and the correlations between these adipokines and the two types of ketosis. Methods: Serum adiponectin (ADP), leptin (LEP), resistin, tumor necrosis factorα (TNFα), and interleukin6 (IL6) levels, and energy balance indicators related to ketosis were measured. Type I and II ketosis were distinguished by serum glucose (Glu) and Y values and the correlations between adipokines in the two types of ketosis were analyzed. Results: βHydroxybutyric acid of type I ketosis cows was significantly negatively correlated with insulin (INS) and LEP and had a significant positive correlation with serum ADP. In type II ketosis cows, ADP and LEP were significantly negatively correlated, and INS and resistin were significantly positively correlated. Revised quantitative INS sensitivity check index (RQUICKI) values had a significantly positive correlation with ADP and had a very significant and significant negative correlation with resistin, TNFα, and IL6. ADP was significantly negatively correlated with resistin and TNFα, LEP had a significantly positive correlation with TNFα, and a significantly positive correlation was shown among resistin, IL6, and TNFα. There was also a significant positive correlation between IL6 and TNFα. Conclusion: INS, ADP, and LEP might exert biological influences to help the body recover from negative energy balance, whereas resistin, TNFα, and IL6 in type II ketosis cows exacerbated INS resistance and inhibited the production and secretion of ADP, weakened INS sensitivity, and liver protection function, and aggravated ketosis. Copyright © 2020 by Asian-Australasian Journal of Animal Sciences
FATP2-targeted therapies — A role beyond fatty liver disease; Fatty acid transport protein 2 (FATP2) is a multifunctional protein whose specific function is determined by the type of located cell, its intracellular location, or organelle-specific interactions. In the different diseases setting, a newfound appreciation for the biological function of FATP2 has come into view. Two main functions of FATP2 are to activate long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) as a very long-chain acyl-coenzyme A (CoA) synthetase (ACSVL) and to transport LCFAs as a fatty acid transporter. FATP2 is not only involved in the occurrence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but also plays an important role in lithogenic diet-induced cholelithiasis, the formation of cancer tumor immunity, the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and the regulation of zoledronate-induced nephrotoxicity. Herein, we review the updated information on the role of FATP2 in related diseases. In particular, we discuss the new functions of FATP2 and propose that FATP2 is a potential clinical biomarker and therapeutic target. In conclusion, regulatory strategies for FATP2 may bring new treatment options for cancer and lipid metabolism-related disorders. © 2020
Regulative effect of maternal serum fatty acid-binding protein 4 on insulin resistance and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) was found to be closely correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a severe pregnancy syndrome. However, safe and efficient treatment for GDM is limited. We aimed to investigate whether inhibition of FABP4 could ameliorate GDM and the underlying mechanism. An evaluation of blood samples from a total of 109 patients showed significantly positive correlations between serum FABP4 and biochemical parameters known to associate with GDM. This correlation was subsequently explored in vitro. FABP4 inhibition was achieved using BMS309403 in GDM mice. GDM related symptoms, including insulin resistance and macrophage infiltration in the adipose tissues, were measured. Lipid metabolism in 3T3-L1 adipocytes was tested. We firstly confirmed the positive correlations between serum FABP4, insulin resistance and inflammation cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), in GDM patients. Surprisingly, inhibition of FABP4 by BMS309403 resulted in significant alleviation of GDM symptoms in GDM mouse model. BMS309403 improved glucose and insulin tolerance and transcriptionally repressed the levels of TNF-α and IL-6, suggesting a role of FABP4 in inflammation. Furthermore, macrophage infiltration into the adipose tissues was dramatically decreased in the BMS309403-treated GDM mice compared to untreated GDM mice. Interestingly, incubation of 3T3-L1 adipocytes with FABP4 protein decreased the mRNA and protein levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ), which was absent when BMS309403 was used. However, lipid accumulation was promoted in FABP4-treated 3T3-L1 adipocytes which showed no change in the presence of BMS309403. In conclusion, inhibition of FABP4 by BMS309403 could be an effective treatment to alleviate GDM. © 2020
Thyroid hormones in diabetes, cancer, and aging; Thyroid function is central in the control of physiological and pathophysiological processes. Studies in animal models and human research have determined that thyroid hormones modulate cellular processes relevant for aging and for the majority of age-related diseases. While several studies have associated mild reductions on thyroid hormone function with exceptional longevity in animals and humans, alterations in thyroid hormones are serious medical conditions associated with unhealthy aging and premature death. Moreover, both hyperthyroidism and hypothyroidism have been associated with the development of certain types of diabetes and cancers, indicating a great complexity of the molecular mechanisms controlled by thyroid hormones. In this review, we describe the latest findings in thyroid hormone research in the field of aging, diabetes, and cancer, with a special focus on hepatocellular carcinomas. While aging studies indicate that the direct modulation of thyroid hormones is not a viable strategy to promote healthy aging or longevity and the development of thyromimetics is challenging due to inefficacy and potential toxicity, we argue that interventions based on the use of modulators of thyroid hormone function might provide therapeutic benefit in certain types of diabetes and cancers. © 2020 The Authors. Aging Cell published by the Anatomical Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Exercise combined with a probiotics treatment alters the microbiome, but moderately affects signalling pathways in the liver of male APP/PS1 transgenic mice; It has been demonstrated that physical exercise and probiotic supplementation delay the progress of Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) in male APP/PS1TG mice. However, it has also been suggested that both exercise and AD have systemic effects. We have studied the effects of exercise training and probiotic treatment on microbiome and biochemical signalling proteins in the liver. The results suggest that liver is under oxidative stress, since SOD2 levels of APP/PS1 mice were decreased when compared to a wild type of mice. Exercise training prevented this decrease. We did not find significant changes in COX4, SIRT3, PGC-1a or GLUT4 levels, while the changes in pAMPK/AMPK, pmTOR/mTOR, pS6/S6 and NRF2 levels were randomly modulated. The data suggest that exercise and probiotics-induced changes in microbiome do not strongly affect mitochondrial density or protein synthesis-related AMPK/mTOR/S6 pathways in the liver of these animals. © 2020, The Author(s).
Dietary options for rodents in the study of obesity; Obesity and its associated metabolic diseases are currently a priority research area. The increase in global prevalence at different ages is having an enormous economic and health impact. Genetic and environmental factors play a crucial role in the development of obesity, and diet is one of the main factors that contributes directly to the obesogenic phenotype. Scientific evidence has shown that increased fat intake is associated with the increase in body weight that triggers obesity. Rodent animal models have been extremely useful in the study of obesity since weight gain can easily be induced with a high-fat diet. Here, we review the dietary patterns and physiological mechanisms involved in the dynamics of energy balance. We report the main dietary options for the study of obesity and the variables to consider in the use of a high-fat diet, and assess the progression of obesity and diet-induced thermogenesis. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Impacts of dietary macronutrient pattern on adolescent body composition and metabolic risk: Current and future health status—A narrative review; Obesity, particularly in childhood and adolescence, is one of the serious public health problems worldwide. According to the World Health Organization, 10% of young people aged 5–17 years are obese, which is rapidly increasing around the world. Furthermore, approximately 80% of adolescents who become obese develop bodyweight-related health problems in adulthood. Eating habits and lifestyles play important roles in forming body composition and metabolic status. Changes in body composition in adolescence, the period in which secondary sex characteristics begin to develop, can alter hormonal and metabolic status, can consequently affect health status and the risk of developing chronic diseases in adulthood, and moreover may have an impact on probable body composition and metabolic status in the next generation. Here, we reviewed cross-sectional and interventional studies to analyze the role of dietary patterns focusing on macronutrient intake in growth, body composition, and metabolic changes in adolescents. These findings provide insights into optimal dietary guidelines for healthy growth with accretion of adequate body composition in adolescence, and provide an effective strategy for preventing and managing the risk of obesity-related metabolic disease in adulthood, with the additional benefit of providing potential benefits for the next generation’s health. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Milk and dairy products and their impact on carbohydrate metabolism and fertility—a potential role in the diet of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Milk and dairy products are considered an important component of healthy and balanced diet and are deemed to exert a positive effect on human health. They appear to play a role in the prevention and treatment of carbohydrate balance disturbances. The products include numerous valuable components with a potential hypoglycemic activity, such as calcium, vitamin D, magnesium and probiotics. Multiple authors suggested that the consumption of dairy products was negatively associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance and ovulation disorders. However, there are still numerous ambiguities concerning both the presumed protective role of dairy products in carbohydrate metabolism disorders, and the advantage of consuming low-fat dairy products over high-fat ones, especially in women with the risk of ovulation disorders. Therefore, this literature review aims at the presentation of the current state of knowledge concerning the relationship between dairy product consumption and the risk of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus in women, and the potential effect on the course of polycystic ovary syndrome. © MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Blood levels of perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs), elements and their associations with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Chinese male adults mediated by metabolic-related risk factors; Our preliminary studies have suggested PFASs, heavy metals, and trace elements could bring significant risks to MetS. However, the role of epigenetic mechanisms (i.e., miRNAs) and risk factors of metabolic alternation (i.e., thyroid functions, glucose and lipids metabolism) are not fully understood. To test this hypothesis, a further cross-sectional study with 80 male MetS cases and 64 male references was undertaken. Negative association between the serum n-perfluorooctanoic acid (n-PFOA) with miR-140-5p was found [β = −0.772; 95% confidence interval (CI), −0.244 to −0.300; p < 0.01, q < 0.05)] after adjusted with age. Higher levels of leptin and total bile acid were observed in the MetS group. The significantly positive associations between leptin with Cd (β = 1.015, p < 0.01, q < 0.05), Cu (β = 6.796, p < 0.05, q = 0.077) and Se (β = 7.633, p < 0.05, q = 0.060) were found; whereas total bile acid was significantly associated with Se (β = 8.954, p < 0.05, q = 0.140). Significantly positive associations between leptin and systolic/diastolic blood pressure were showed. Moreover, increased total bile acid concentrations were associated with hypertriglyceridemia [odds ratio (OR): 2.24 (95%CI, 1.10–4.58) adjusted by age. © 2020
Inositol and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review on deficiencies and supplementation; Liver lipid accumulation is a hallmark of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), broadly associated with insulin resistance. Inositols (INS) are ubiquitous polyols implied in many physiological functions. They are produced endogenously, are present in many foods and in dietary supplements. Alterations in INS metabolism seems to play a role in diseases involving insulin resistance such as diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Given its role in other metabolic syndromes, the hypothesis of an INS role as a supplement in NAFLD is intriguing. We performed a systematic review of the literature to find preclinical and clinical evidence of INS supplementation efficacy in NAFLD patients. We retrieved 10 studies on animal models assessing Myoinosiol or Pinitol deficiency or supplementation and one human randomized controlled trial (RCT). Overall, INS deficiency was associated with increased fatty liver in animals. Conversely, INS supplementation in animal models of fatty liver reduced hepatic triglycerides and cholesterol accumulation and maintained a normal ultrastructural liver histopathology. In the one included RCT, Pinitol supplementation obtained similar results. Pinitol significantly reduced liver fat, post-prandial triglycerides, AST levels, lipid peroxidation increasing glutathione peroxidase activity. These results, despite being limited, indicate the need for further evaluation of INS in NAFLD in larger clinical trials. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of dietary patterns with the newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus and central obesity: a community based cross-sectional study; Aim: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of dietary patterns with the risk of insulin resistance (IR), diabetes mellitus (DM), and central obesity in China. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study on 1432 participants, aged 40–65 years in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China. Dietary intake was assessed using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Results: Factor analysis extracted four major dietary patterns: vegetable-fruits, rice–meat, seafood–eggs, and sweet–fast. The vegetable-fruits pattern was inversely associated with HOMA-IR (p < 0.001 in both genders), while sweet–fast food pattern was significantly associated with higher HOMA-IR (p = 0.002 in male, and p < 0.001 in female). The vegetables–fruits pattern was inversely correlated with visceral fat area (VFA) (p = 0.029 in males, and p = 0.017 in females), while sweet–fast food pattern presented a significant direct association (p < 0.001 in male) with VFA in males. There was no association observed between the rice–meat pattern or the seafood–eggs pattern and HOMA-IR or VFA. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, participants in the highest tertile of vegetable-fruits pattern showed a significantly lower risk of DM in both males and females (OR: 0.30, 95% CI: 0.13–0.70 in male, and OR: 0.28, 95% CI: 0.11–0.72 in female), and lower risk of central obesity was observed in males (OR: 0.50, 95% CI: 0.29–0.86 in male). Conversely, participants in the highest tertile of sweet–fast food pattern had higher risk of DM (OR: 2.58, 95% CI: 1.23–5.88 in male), and central obesity (OR: 2.85, 95% CI: 1.67–4.86 in male) only in male. While neither the rice–meat pattern nor the seafood–eggs pattern showed significant association with DM or central obesity in both genders. Conclusions: Our findings indicated low risk of IR, DM, and central obesity with vegetable-fruits pattern while inverse relation with sweet–fast food pattern. © 2020, The Author(s).
Empagliflozin decreases the plasma concentration of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) in patients with type 2 diabetes: Association with improvement of fibrinolysis; Aims: Elevation of the plasma concentration of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), a rapid-acting inhibitor of fibrinolysis, is associated with development of vascular thrombotic diseases, including coronary artery disease and stroke. We investigated the effects of empagliflozin, a sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitor, on the plasma concentration of PAI-1 and fibrinolytic activity in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In a randomized, active-controlled, open-label trial, 51 patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly allocated at a 2:1 ratio to receive empagliflozin (10 mg/day, n = 31) or standard therapy (n = 18) for 12 weeks. We measured the plasma concentrations of PAI-1 and plasmin-α2-antiplasmin complex (PAP) as indicators of fibrinolytic activity. Serum leptin and high-molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin were also measured. Results: In 49 patients who completed the trial, baseline plasma PAI-1 showed a positive correlation with body weight, visceral fat area (VFA), γ-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT), leptin, and the platelet count, while it showed a negative correlation with HDL cholesterol and PAP. Body weight and VFA decreased significantly in the empagliflozin group, but not in the control group. The serum level of GGT showed a significant decrease at 12 weeks in the empagliflozin group, while it was unchanged in the control group. Serum HMW adiponectin increased significantly in the empagliflozin group. Plasma PAI-1 decreased significantly by 25% in the empagliflozin group, but not in the control group. In the empagliflozin group, the change of plasma PAI-1 was positively correlated with the changes of body weight and leptin, but was negatively correlated with the change of PAP. Conclusions: Empagliflozin reduced the plasma PAI-1 concentration through its synergistic actions of a glucose-lowering effect, VFA loss, and restoring the adipokine balance. (Clinical trial registry: UMIN000025418). © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Fatty acid desaturation in red blood cell membranes of patients with type 2 diabetes is improved by zinc supplementation; Background/Objective: Membrane flexibility can be a determining factor in pathophysiological mechanisms of type 2 diabetes (T2D). As a cofactor of delta-5 desaturase (D5D) and delta-6 desaturase (D6D), and gene expression regulator, zinc may play a role modulating membrane flexibility by increasing membrane polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) abundance. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of a 24-month zinc supplementation (30 mg elemental zinc) on membrane fatty acid composition in patients with T2D. Subjects/methods: Sixty patients with T2D were evaluated. Thirty were randomly assigned to the zinc supplemented group and thirty to the placebo group. Fatty acid composition in red blood cell (RBC) membranes was determined by gas chromatography. Expression of gene encoding for D5D (FADS1), and D6D (FADS2) were evaluated in peripheral blood mononuclear cells by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results: After 24 months of supplementation, a greater abundance of docosapentaenoic acid (C22:5 n-3), arachidonic acid (C20:4 n-6), adrenic acid (C22:4 n-6), and total n-6 PUFA was found (p = 0.001, p = 0.007, p = 0.033, p = 0.048, respectively). The unsaturated fatty acids/saturated fatty acids ratio, and unsaturation index was increased in the zinc supplemented group at month 24 (p = 0.003 and p = 0.000, respectively). FADS1 gene was upregulated in the zinc group in relation to placebo at month 12 (p = 0.020). Conclusions: Supplementation with 30 mg/d elemental zinc during 24 months in patients with T2D had an effect on the composition of RBC membranes increasing PUFA abundance and in turn, improving membrane flexibility. This effect may be mediated by induction of D5D gene expression. © 2020 Elsevier GmbH
Structural-based connectivity and omic phenotype evaluations (SCOPE): A cheminformatics toolbox for investigating lipidomic changes in complex systems; Since its inception, the main goal of the lipidomics field has been to characterize lipid species and their respective biological roles. However, difficulties in both full speciation and biological interpretation have rendered these objectives extremely challenging and as a result, limited our understanding of lipid mechanisms and dysregulation. While mass spectrometry-based advancements have significantly increased the ability to identify lipid species, less progress has been made surrounding biological interpretations. We have therefore developed a Structural-based Connectivity and Omic Phenotype Evaluations (SCOPE) cheminformatics toolbox to aid in these evaluations. SCOPE enables the assessment and visualization of two main lipidomic associations: structure/biological connections and metadata linkages either separately or in tandem. To assess structure and biological relationships, SCOPE utilizes key lipid structural moieties such as head group and fatty acyl composition and links them to their respective biological relationships through hierarchical clustering and grouped heatmaps. Metadata arising from phenotypic and environmental factors such as age and diet is then correlated with the lipid structures and/or biological relationships, utilizing Toxicological Prioritization Index (ToxPi) software. Here, SCOPE is demonstrated for various applications from environmental studies to clinical assessments to showcase new biological connections not previously observed with other techniques.  © 2020 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Association between serum vitamin d metabolites and metabolic function in healthy asian adults; The association between low vitamin D status and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is well established; however, intervention trials that increased serum vitamin D (through ultraviolet B exposure or dietary supplementation) provide mixed outcomes. Recent evidence suggests that metabolites directly related to vitamin D receptor activation—1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 and 24R,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 —may be better markers of vitamin D repletion status. We tested the hypothesis that a vitamin D metabolite (VDM) index, calculated as the sum of normalized fasting serum concentrations of 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 and 24R,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3, is associated with metabolic function. We measured subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue volume, intrahepatic triglyceride content, maximum oxygen uptake, insulin sensitivity (4 h hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp), and insulin secretion (3 h meal tolerance test with mathematical modeling) and calculated the VDM index in 65 healthy Asian adults. Subjects with a low VDM index had lower peripheral insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function compared to subjects with a high VDM index (both p < 0.05), matched for age, sex, BMI, and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D3. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 was not associated with peripheral insulin sensitivity or beta-cell function. Our results suggest that, rather than enhancing vitamin D substrate availability, upregulation of vitamin D action is more likely to lead to improvements in glucose homeostasis. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Ursodeoxycholic acid improves feto-placental and offspring metabolic outcomes in hypercholanemic pregnancy; Perturbations in the intrauterine environment can result in lifelong consequences for metabolic health during postnatal life. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) can predispose offspring to metabolic disease in adulthood, likely due to a combination of the effects of increased bile acids, maternal dyslipidemia and deranged maternal and fetal lipid homeostasis. Whereas ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) is a commonly used treatment for ICP, no studies have yet addressed whether it can also prevent the metabolic effects of ICP in the offspring and fetoplacental unit. We therefore analyzed the lipid profile of fetal serum from untreated ICP, UDCA-treated ICP and uncomplicated pregnancies and found that UDCA ameliorates ICP-associated fetal dyslipidemia. We then investigated the effects of UDCA in a mouse model of hypercholanemic pregnancy and showed that it induces hepatoprotective mechanisms in the fetal liver, reduces hepatic fatty acid synthase (Fas) expression and improves glucose tolerance in the adult offspring. Finally, we showed that ICP leads to epigenetic changes in pathways of relevance to the offspring phenotype. We therefore conclude that UDCA can be used as an intervention in pregnancy to reduce features of metabolic disease in the offspring of hypercholanemic mothers. © 2020, The Author(s).
Novel Targets in Glucose Homeostasis and Obesity—Lesson from Rare Mutations; Purpose of Review: Obesity and diabetes have already become the second largest risk factor for cardiovascular disease. During the last decade, remarkable advances have been made in understanding the human genome’s contribution to glucose homeostasis disorders and obesity. A few studies on rare mutations of candidate genes provide potential genetic targets for the treatment of diabetes and obesity. In this review, we discussed the detailed findings of these studies and the possible causalities between specific genetic variations and dysfunctions in energy or glucose homeostasis. We are optimistic that novel therapeutic strategies targeting these specific mutants for treating and preventing diabetes and obesity will be developed in the near future. Recent Findings: Studies on rare genetic mutation-caused obesity or diabetes have identified potential genetic targets to decrease body weight or reduce the risk of diabetes. Summary: Rare mutations observed in lipodystrophy, obese, or diabetic human patients are promising targets in the treatment of diabetes and obesity. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Effect of flaxseed oil on glycemic control and inflammatory markers in overweight adults with pre-diabetes: A double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial; Introduction: Considering the progressive trend of pre-diabetes and limited evidence regarding the effectiveness of flaxseed supplement in improving glycemic indices, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of flaxseed oil supplementation on insulin resistance (IR) indices and inflammatory indices in overweight pre-diabetes patients. Methods: In this double-blind randomized clinical trial, 40 overweight pre-diabetic patients were divided into two groups: flaxseed oil (two 1000-mg capsules per day) and control group who received placebo for 14 weeks. Before and after the treatment, anthropometric indices, fasting blood sugar (FBS), fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment IR index (HOMA-IR), beta-cell function, insulin sensitivity, TNFα, and hs-CRP were measured. Results: The results indicated a significant decrease in the weight and BMI in the treatment group, in comparison to the basic state (P = 0.001). FBS did not show a significant difference between the two groups after the treatment. Insulin and sensitivity of beta-cells diminished significantly in the flaxseed group, when compared to the baseline (p = 0.001). However, the mean changes between the two groups were not different. The mean changes of sensitivity to insulin and insulin resistance were not significant between the two groups either (p = 0.32 for S%, p = 0.95 for IR). Inflammatory indices rose significantly in the control group, compared to the baseline (p = 0.03 for TNFα, p = 0.003 for hs-CRP). However, the mean changes between the two groups were not significant. Conclusions: The authors conclude that a 14-wk flaxseed oil supplementation may improve the weight and BMI with no effect on glycemic and inflammatory indices in pre-diabetic patients. © 2020 Elsevier GmbH
Pasta supplemented with opuntia ficus-indica extract improves metabolic parameters and reduces atherogenic small dense low-density lipoproteins in patients with risk factors for the metabolic syndrome: A four-week intervention study; Food supplementation with Opuntia ficus-indica (OFI) has been associated with a significant reduction in total cholesterol, body fat, hyperglycemia and blood pressure. Since OFI may also have antioxidant and anti-atherogenic properties, we hypothesized that its supplementation might reduce atherogenic lipoproteins, including small, dense low-density lipoproteins (sdLDL). Forty-nine patients (13 men and 36 women, mean age: 56 ± 5 years) with one or two criteria for the metabolic syndrome weekly consumed 500 g of pasta supplemented with 3% OFI extract (30% of insoluble polysaccharides with high antioxidant power) for 1 month. The full LDL subclass profile was assessed by gel electrophoresis (Lipoprint, Quantimetrix, Redondo Beach, CA, USA). After 1 month of pasta supplementation, waist circumference (p = 0.0297), plasma glucose (p < 0.0001), triglycerides (p = 0.0137), plasma creatinine (p = 0.0244), urea and aspartate transaminase (p < 0.0001 for each) significantly decreased. A percentage increase in larger, less atherogenic LDL-1 (p = 0.0002), with a concomitant reduction in smaller, denser LDL-2 (p < 0.0001) and LDL-3 (p = 0.0004), were found. LDL-4 and-5 decreased, although not significantly. This is the first intervention study suggesting that pasta enriched with an OFI extract may have beneficial effects on some metabolic parameters and the LDL particle sizes, reducing atherogenic sdLDL. Future studies will help to establish if these findings impact cardiovascular outcomes. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A review: Roles of carbohydrates in human diseases through regulation of imbalanced intestinal microbiota; Gut microbiota plays a key role in the maintenance of human health. In most cases, carbohydrates can be fermented by gut microbiota as substrates. By such degradation reaction, the abundances, activities and metabolite production of gut microbiota will be regulated and thus prevent the occurrence of human diseases such as glycolipid metabolism disorders, enteric abnormality, aging and neurodegeneration, cancers and depression. In this paper, we reviewed the roles of carbohydrates in promoting human health through gut microbial regulation, as well as further studies on the regulatory mechanism and potential application of carbohydrates, which need to be strengthened in the future. © 2020 The Author(s)
Sex hormone-binding globulin (Shbg) as an early biomarker and therapeutic target in polycystic ovary syndrome; Human sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is a glycoprotein produced by the liver that binds sex steroids with high affinity and specificity. Clinical observations and reports in the literature have suggested a negative correlation between circulating SHBG levels and markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and insulin resistance. Decreased SHBG levels increase the bioavailability of androgens, which in turn leads to progression of ovarian pathology, anovulation and the phenotypic characteristics of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). This review will use a case report to illustrate the inter-relationships between SHBG, NAFLD and PCOS. In particular, we will review the evidence that low hepatic SHBG production may be a key step in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Furthermore, there is emerging evidence that serum SHBG levels may be useful as a diagnostic biomarker and therapeutic target for managing women with PCOS. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The associations among RARRES2 rs17173608 gene polymorphism, serum chemerin, and non-traditional lipid profile in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background: The adipokine chemerin retinoic acid receptor responder protein 2 (RARRES2) has been associated with insulin resistance, type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and metabolic syndrome (MetS). The impact of RARRES2 rs17173608 gene polymorphism on MetS and chemerin levels is not completely elucidated. This study included 100 patients with MetS and 68 healthy subjects (non-MetS group). The RARRES2 rs17173608 gene variant was analyzed by tetra amplification refractory mutation system polymerase chain reaction (T-ARMS-PCR). Circulating chemerin levels were determined by ELISA. Serum urea, creatinine, fasting blood glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and traditional lipid profile were measured by colorimetric methods. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and non-traditional lipid parameters were calculated. Results: Serum chemerin levels were significantly higher in MetS than in non-MetS subjects, type II diabetics (T2DM) than non-diabetics, and overweight compared to lean subjects, but it did not differ significantly between patients with and without hypertension. Strikingly, newly diagnosed diabetic patients had significantly higher serum chermerin levels. Correlation and multiple linear regression analysis showed that serum chemerin levels and non-traditional lipid parameters were correlated significantly with the clinical criteria of MetS. Genotyping and allelic frequency distribution of RARRES2 rs17173608 gene polymorphism showed its significant association with MetS. The TT genotype of RARRES2 rs17173608 SNP was more distributed in T2DM in comparison with non-diabetics, and it was associated significantly with higher serum chemerin and higher glycated hemoglobin levels. RARRES2 rs17173608 GG genotype and G allele frequency were less distributed in T2DM patients than in non-diabetic patients. Conclusions: The RARRES2 rs17173608 SNP might have an impact on chemerin levels and lipid parameters. The GG genotype and G allele may have a protective role towards the risk of T2DM but not for MetS. Serum chemerin and non-traditional lipid profile are significantly associated with MetS. © 2020, The Author(s).
Aldh1l2 knockout mouse metabolomics links the loss of the mitochondrial folate enzyme to deregulation of a lipid metabolism observed in rare human disorder; Background: Mitochondrial folate enzyme ALDH1L2 (aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 family member L2) converts 10-formyltetrahydrofolate to tetrahydrofolate and CO2 simultaneously producing NADPH. We have recently reported that the lack of the enzyme due to compound heterozygous mutations was associated with neuro-ichthyotic syndrome in a male patient. Here, we address the role of ALDH1L2 in cellular metabolism and highlight the mechanism by which the enzyme regulates lipid oxidation. Methods: We generated Aldh1l2 knockout (KO) mouse model, characterized its phenotype, tissue histology, and levels of reduced folate pools and applied untargeted metabolomics to determine metabolic changes in the liver, pancreas, and plasma caused by the enzyme loss. We have also used NanoString Mouse Inflammation V2 Code Set to analyze inflammatory gene expression and evaluate the role of ALDH1L2 in the regulation of inflammatory pathways. Results: Both male and female Aldh1l2 KO mice were viable and did not show an apparent phenotype. However, H&E and Oil Red O staining revealed the accumulation of lipid vesicles localized between the central veins and portal triads in the liver of Aldh1l2-/- male mice indicating abnormal lipid metabolism. The metabolomic analysis showed vastly changed metabotypes in the liver and plasma in these mice suggesting channeling of fatty acids away from β-oxidation. Specifically, drastically increased plasma acylcarnitine and acylglycine conjugates were indicative of impaired β-oxidation in the liver. Our metabolomics data further showed that mechanistically, the regulation of lipid metabolism by ALDH1L2 is linked to coenzyme A biosynthesis through the following steps. ALDH1L2 enables sufficient NADPH production in mitochondria to maintain high levels of glutathione, which in turn is required to support high levels of cysteine, the coenzyme A precursor. As the final outcome, the deregulation of lipid metabolism due to ALDH1L2 loss led to decreased ATP levels in mitochondria. Conclusions: The ALDH1L2 function is important for CoA-dependent pathways including β-oxidation, TCA cycle, and bile acid biosynthesis. The role of ALDH1L2 in the lipid metabolism explains why the loss of this enzyme is associated with neuro-cutaneous diseases. On a broader scale, our study links folate metabolism to the regulation of lipid homeostasis and the energy balance in the cell. © 2020, The Author(s).
Spexin status in relation to obesity and its related comorbidities: a systematic review; Purpose: Spexin, a novel 14-amino acid peptide, has multiple physiological functions. The purpose of this paper was to systematically evaluate the current literature on the role of Spexin neuropeptide in obesity and its related comorbidities, food intake and overall metabolic status in human, animal and in vitro studies. Methods: Multiple databases, including PubMed, EMBASE, ProQuest, Scopus and Google Scholar were searched for English-language papers published since inception until December 2018, that investigated Spexin levels in relation to chronic metabolic diseases, overall metabolism control and feeding-related behaviors.The quality of the included observational studies was assessed by a version of the Newcastle Ottawa Scale (NOS) designed for non-randomized studies and SYRCLE’s assessment tool for animal models. Results: Out of 224 records screened, search results led to a total of 24 related studies (12 human studies (ten cross-sectional studies, one cohort study, and one longitudinal study) and 12 studies in either animals or in vitro).Nine of the included cross-sectional studies and one Longitudinal study had moderate to good study quality, and one cross-sectional and one cohort study had high-quality (or low risk of bias). Conclusion: It appears that Spexin has a positive impact on overall metabolic status. As a novel appetite-regulating peptide, Spexin can act as an anorexigenic factor. Information about Spexin is very limited, and well-designed randomized controlled clinical trials are warranted for replicating, validating, and extending the current findings. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42018117198). © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Metabolic functions of prolactin: Physiological and pathological aspects; Prolactin is named after its vital role of promoting milk production during lactation, although it has been implicated in multiple functions within the body, including metabolism and energy homeostasis. Prolactin has been hypothesised to play a key role in driving many of the adaptations of the maternal body to allow the mother to meet the physiological demands of both pregnancy and lactation, including the high energetic demands of the growing foetus followed by milk production to support the offspring after birth. Prolactin receptors are found in many tissues involved in metabolism and food intake, such as the pancreas, liver, hypothalamus, small intestine and adipose tissue. We review the literature examining the effects of prolactin in these various tissues and how they relate to changes in function in physiological states of high prolactin, such as pregnancy and lactation, and in pathological states of hyperprolactinaemia in the adult. In many cases, whether prolactin promotes healthy metabolism or leads to dysregulation of metabolic functions is highly dependent on the situation. Overall, although prolactin may not play a major role in regulating metabolism and body weight outside of pregnancy and lactation, it definitely has the ability to contribute to metabolic function. © 2020 British Society for Neuroendocrinology
Dairy products and cardiometabolic risk; Many studies have shown that the dairy products consumption (milk, cheese, and fermented dairy products) is associated to a lower cardio-metabolic risk. They decrease weight gain, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and metabolic syndrome risk. Their consumption is linked to a lesser myocardial infarction, ischemic heart disease and cerebrovascular risk. Besides the role of calcium, many other components are able to play a role, explaining the matrix effect. Yogurt and other fermented dairy products are particularly involved in this beneficial effect. © 2020 Elsevier Masson SAS
Nutrition and Metabolic Adaptations in Physiological and Complicated Pregnancy: Focus on Obesity and Gestational Diabetes; Pregnancy offers a window of opportunity to program the future health of both mothers and offspring. During gestation, women experience a series of physical and metabolic modifications and adaptations, which aim to protect the fetus development and are closely related to both pre-gestational nutritional status and gestational weight gain. Moreover, pre-gestational obesity represents a challenge of treatment, and nowadays there are new evidence as regard its management, especially the adequate weight gain. Recent evidence has highlighted the determinant role of nutritional status and maternal diet on both pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of chronic diseases, through a transgenerational flow, conceptualized by the Development Origin of Health and Diseases (Dohad) theory. In this review we will analyse the physiological and endocrine adaptation in pregnancy, and the metabolic complications, thus the focal points for nutritional and therapeutic strategies that we must early implement, virtually before conception, to safeguard the health of both mother and progeny. We will summarize the current nutritional recommendations and the use of nutraceuticals in pregnancy, with a focus on the management of pregnancy complicated by obesity and hyperglycemia, assessing the most recent evidence about the effects of ante-natal nutrition on the long-term, on either maternal health or metabolic risk of the offspring. © Copyright © 2020 Parrettini, Caroli and Torlone.
The Potential Roles of Artemisinin and Its Derivatives in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic disease that has become a global public health problem. Studies on T2DM prevention and treatment mostly focus on discovering therapeutic drugs. Artemisinin and its derivatives were originally used as antimalarial treatments. In recent years, the roles of artemisinins in T2DM have attracted much attention. Artemisinin treatments not only attenuate insulin resistance and restore islet ß-cell function in T2DM but also have potential therapeutic effects on diabetic complications, including diabetic kidney disease, cognitive impairment, diabetic retinopathy, and diabetic cardiovascular disease. Many in vitro and in vivo experiments have confirmed the therapeutic utility of artemisinin and its derivatives on T2DM, but no article has systematically demonstrated the specific role artemisinin plays in the treatment of T2DM. This review summarizes the potential therapeutic effects and mechanism of artemisinin and its derivatives in T2DM and associated complications, providing a reference for subsequent related research. © Copyright © 2020 Jiang, Shui, Zhang, Chin and Yue.
Obesity Genomics and Metabolomics: a Nexus of Cardiometabolic Risk; Purpose of Review: Obesity is a significant international public health epidemic with major downstream consequences on morbidity and mortality. While lifestyle factors contribute, there is an evolving understanding of genomic and metabolomic pathways involved with obesity and its relationship with cardiometabolic risk. This review will provide an overview of some of these important findings from both a biologic and clinical perspective. Recent Findings: Recent studies have identified polygenic risk scores and metabolomic biomarkers of obesity and related outcomes, which have also highlighted biological pathways, such as the branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) pathway that is dysregulated in this disease. These biomarkers may help in personalizing obesity interventions and for mitigation of future cardiometabolic risk. Summary: A multifaceted approach is necessary to impact the growing epidemic of obesity and related diseases. This will likely include incorporating precision medicine approaches with genomic and metabolomic biomarkers to personalize interventions and improve risk prediction. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Adherence to a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-style Diet in Relation to Preeclampsia: A Case-Control Study; Maternal diet is an important potential factor associated with the risk of preeclampsia. However, it is unclear whether adherence to a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-style diet can reduce the development of preeclampsia. To examine the potential association, we conducted a hospital-based case-control study at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, China. A total of 449 cases with preeclampsia and 449 controls were studied. Dietary information was collected using a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). DASH scores were calculated according to nutrients/food emphasised or minimised in the DASH diet. The calculated DASH scores ranged from 11 to 38 for all of the participants, and the DASH scores of the cases were significantly lower than those of the controls (23.48 ± 4.58 vs 24.51 ± 4.51; p = 0.001). Participants in the fourth quartile of the DASH score were 45% less likely to have preeclampsia than those in the first quartile in the crude model (Q4 vs Q1, odds ratio [OR]: 0.55; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.38, 0.80; ptrend = 0.001). The relationship remained significant in the model adjusted for multiple confounders, especially for major risk factors of preeclampsia (OR: 0.53; 95% CI: 0.36, 0.78; ptrend = 0.001). Our findings suggest an inverse relationship between adherence to a DASH-style diet and the odds of preeclampsia. Further larger-scale cohort studies or randomised controlled trials are warranted to confirm these relationships. © 2020, The Author(s).
Visfatin: A possible role in cardiovasculo-metabolic disorders; Visfatin/NAMPT (nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase) is an adipocytokine with several intriguing properties. It was first identified as pre-B-cell colony-enhancing factor but turned out to possess enzymatic functions in nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide biosynthesis, with ubiquitous expression in skeletal muscles, liver, cardiomyocytes, and brain cells. Visfatin exists in an intracellular (iNAMPT) and extracellular (eNAMPT) form. Intracellularly, visfatin/iNAMPT plays a regulatory role in NAD+ biosynthesis and thereby affects many NAD-dependent proteins such as sirtuins, PARPs, MARTs and CD38/157. Extracellularly, visfatin is associated with many hormone-like signaling pathways and activates some intracellular signaling cascades. Importantly, eNAMPT has been associated with several metabolic disorders including obesity and type 1 and 2 diabetes. In this review, a brief overview about visfatin is presented with special emphasis on its relevance to metabolic diseases. Visfatin/NAMPT appears to be a unique molecule with clinical significance with a prospective promising diagnostic, prognostic, and therapeutic applications in many cardiovasculo-metabolic disorders. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal glucose homeostasis is impaired in mouse models of gestational cholestasis; Women with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), a disorder characterised by raised serum bile acids, are at increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus and have impaired glucose tolerance whilst cholestatic. FXR and TGR5 are modulators of glucose metabolism, and FXR activity is reduced in normal pregnancy, and further in ICP. We aimed to investigate the role of raised serum bile acids, FXR and TGR5 in gestational glucose metabolism using mouse models. Cholic acid feeding resulted in reduced pancreatic β-cell proliferation and increased apoptosis in pregnancy, without altering insulin sensitivity, suggesting that raised bile acids affect β-cell mass but are insufficient to impair glucose tolerance. Conversely, pregnant Fxr−/− and Tgr5−/− mice are glucose intolerant and have reduced insulin secretion in response to glucose challenge, and Fxr−/− mice are also insulin resistant. Furthermore, fecal bile acids are reduced in pregnant Fxr−/− mice. Lithocholic acid and deoxycholic acid, the principal ligands for TGR5, are decreased in particular. Therefore, we propose that raised serum bile acids and reduced FXR and TGR5 activity contribute to the altered glucose metabolism observed in ICP. © 2020, The Author(s).
Nobiletin ameliorates high-fat diet-induced vascular and renal changes by reducing inflammation with modulating AdipoR1 and TGF-β1 expression in rats; Aims: We investigate the effect of nobiletin on vascular and renal alterations and possible mechanisms involved in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed rats. Main methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a HFD with fructose 15% in drinking water for 16 weeks. HFD-fed rats were treated with nobiletin (20 or 40 mg/kg/day) or vehicle for the last 4 weeks. Key findings: HFD-fed rats treated with nobiletin was significantly reduced obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia and hyperinsulinemia. Nobiletin improved vascular endothelial function, restored creatinine clearance, and reduced plasma urea and creatinine levels, as well as urinary protein excretion. Nobiletin markedly alleviated vascular medial cross-sectional area (CSA) and collagen deposition, glomerular extracellular matrix (ECM) accumulation, and renal fibrosis. Nobiletin significantly elevated plasma adiponectin levels, together with upregulated adiponectin receptor 1 (AdipoR1) and suppressed transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1) expression in kidney. In addition, an increase of plasma tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) was significantly attenuated after nobiletin treatment. Significance: Our results suggest that nobiletin attenuates HFD-induced vascular and renal alterations in rats, which is possibly related to the modulation of AdipoR1 and TGF-β1expression, and suppression of inflammation. © 2020
Circulating exosomal microRNAs as emerging non-invasive clinical biomarkers in heart failure: Mega bio-roles of a nano bio-particle; Exosomes are nano-sized extracellular vesicles containing a cell-specific biologically active cargo of proteins and genetic materials. Exosomes are constitutively released from almost all cell-types and affect neighboring or distant cells through a complex intercellular exchange of the genetic information and/or regulation of certain gene expressions that change the function and behavior of recipient cells. Those released into body fluids are the major mediators of intercellular communications. The success of the biological functions of exosomes is highly mediated by the effective transfer of microRNAs (miRs). Exosomes secreted by a damaged or diseased heart can exhibit alterations in the miRs' profile that may reflect the cellular origin and (patho)physiological state, as a “signature” or “fingerprint” of the donor cell. It has been shown that the transportation of cardiac-specific miRs in exosomes can be rapidly detected and measured, holding great potential as biomarkers in heart diseases. Currently, the search for new biomarkers of heart diseases remains a large and increasing enterprise. Notably, circulating exosomal miRs (Exo-miRs) have successfully gained huge interests for their diagnostic and prognostic potentials. The present review highlights circulating Exo-miRs explored for diagnosis/prognosis and outcome prediction in patients with heart failure (HF). To this end, we explain the feasibility of exosomes as clinical biomarkers, discuss the priority of circulating Exo-miRs over non-exosomal ones as a biomarker, and then outline reported circulating Exo-miRs having the biomarker function in HF patients, together with their mechanism of action. In conclusion, circulating Exo-miRs represent emerging diagnostic (Exo-miR-92b-5p, Exo-miR-146a, Exo-miR-181c, and Exo-miR-495) and prognostic (Exo-miR-192, Exo-miR-194, Exo-miR-34a, Exo-miR-425, Exo-miR-744) biomarkers for HF. © 2020 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Role of inositols and inositol phosphates in energy metabolism; Recently, inositols, especially myo-inositol and inositol hexakisphosphate, also known as phytic acid or IP6, with their biological activities received much attention for their role in multiple health beneficial effects. Although their roles in cancer treatment and prevention have been extensively reported, interestingly, they may also have distinctive properties in energy metabolism and metabolic disorders. We review inositols and inositol phosphate metabolism in mammalian cells to establish their biological activities and highlight their potential roles in energy metabolism. These molecules are known to decrease insulin resistance, increase insulin sensitivity, and have diverse properties with importance from cell signaling to metabolism. Evidence showed that inositol phosphates might enhance the browning of white adipocytes and directly improve insulin sensitivity through adipocytes. In addition, inositol pyrophosphates containing high-energy phosphate bonds are considered in increasing cellular energetics. Despite all recent advances, many aspects of the bioactivity of inositol phosphates are still not clear, especially their effects on insulin resistance and alteration of metabolism, so more research is needed. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Exosomal Secretion of Adipose Tissue during Various Physiological States; Exosomes are secreted extracellular vesicles containing a wide array of biologically active components. Recent studies have demonstrated that exosomes serve as an important vehicle for extracellular communication and exert systemic effects on the physiology of organisms. Adipose tissues (ATs) play a key role in balancing systemic energy homeostasis as a central hub for fatty acid metabolism. At the same time, proper endocrine function of ATs has also been shown to be crucial for regulating physiological and metabolic health. The endocrine function of ATs is partially mediated by AT-derived exosomes that regulate metabolic homeostasis, such as insulin signaling, lipolysis, and inflammation. During the pathogenesis of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cancer, exosomes shed by the resident cells in ATs may also have a role in regulating the progression of these diseases along with associated pathologies. In this review, we summarize the contents of AT-derived exosomes and their effects on various cell populations along with possible underlying molecular mechanisms. We further discuss the potential applications of exosomes as a drug delivery tool and therapeutic target. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Neck circumference is an independent risk factor for hyperuricemia within 3 years in women: a longitudinal study; Introduction: Our previous cross-sectional study revealed the association between neck circumference (NC) and hyperuricemia. This study aimed to further investigate the longitudinal association between NC and hyperuricemia and to compare the strengths of longitudinal association of NC and waist circumference (WC) with hyperuricemia. Methods: A total of 4383 subjects without hyperuricemia at baseline were included. Multivariable linear regression was used to assess the association between baseline anthropometric indices and uric acid level at follow-up. Cox regression was used to assess the relationship between baseline anthropometric indices and the risk of future hyperuricemia. A receiver-operating characteristic curve was used to compare the predictive ability of baseline anthropometric indices for future hyperuricemia. Results: Among women, only baseline NC was positively, linearly associated with uric acid level at follow-up (β = 1.75) and risk of future hyperuricemia (ptrend < 0.05); risk of hyperuricemia in the third and fourth quartile groups of baseline NC significantly increased, compared with the first quartile group of baseline NC (HR = 1.48 and 1.81, respectively). Among men, neither NC nor WC was associated with hyperuricemia after adjusting for confounder factors. The area under the curve of baseline NC and WC for hyperuricemia was comparable in both genders (0.606 for NC and 0.599 for WC in women, 0.578 for NC and 0.602 for WC in men). Conclusions: For women, only baseline NC is an independent risk factor of hyperuricemia within 3 years. NC and WC have a similar 3-year predictive ability for hyperuricemia in both genders.Key Points• This is the first study to assess the longitudinal association between neck circumference and hyperuricemia.• According to the results of this study, we propose for the first time that neck circumference is an independent risk factor for hyperuricemia in women in the future, rather than waist circumference.• We found for the first time that neck circumference and waist circumference have similar predictive ability for future hyperuricemia in both genders. © 2020, International League of Associations for Rheumatology (ILAR).
The role of yoghurt consumption in the management of type II diabetes; Enrichment of yoghurt with specific ingrdients beneficially affects the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). As far as the role of yoghurt in the management of DMII is concerned, the limited number of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) which have been conducted suggest that daily intake of yoghurt enriched with vitamin D and/or calcium as well as probiotics positively influences glycemic regulation and may contribute to more effective control of the disease. It is argued that the various ingredients which are already contained in the complex matrix of food, such as bioactive peptides, calcium, B-complex vitamins and beneficial microbes, as well as the fact that it can be used as a vehicle for the inclusion of other effective ingredients can have an impact on the metabolic control of diabetic patients. The aim of this review is to present the RCTs which have been conducted in the last decade in patients with DMII in an attempt to highlight the positive effects of yoghurt in the management of the disease. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Circulating FGF21 Levels in Human Health and Metabolic Disease; Human fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is primarily produced and secreted by the liver as a hepatokine. This hormone circulates to its target tissues (e. g., brain, adipose tissue), which requires two components, one of the preferred FGF receptor isoforms (FGFR1c and FGFR3c) and the co-factor beta-Klotho (KLB) to trigger downstream signaling pathways. Although targeting FGF21 signaling in humans by analogues and receptor agonists results in beneficial effects, e. g., improvements in plasma lipids and decreased body weight, it failed to recapitulate the improvements in glucose handling shown for many mouse models. FGF21's role and metabolic effects in mice and its therapeutic potential have extensively been reviewed elsewhere. In this review we focus on circulating FGF21 levels in humans and their associations with disease and clinical parameters, focusing primarily on obesity and obesity-associated diseases such as type-2 diabetes. We provide a comprehensive overview on human circulating FGF21 levels under normal physiology and metabolic disease. We discuss the emerging field of inactivating FGF21 in human blood by fibroblast activation protein (FAP) and its potential clinical implications. © 2021 American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE). All rights reserved.
Gestational Diabetes Is Uniquely Associated With Altered Early Seeding of the Infant Gut Microbiota; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a worldwide public health problem affecting up to 27% of pregnancies with high predictive values for childhood obesity and inflammatory diseases. Compromised seeding of the infant gut microbiota is a risk factor for immunologic and metabolic diseases in the offspring; however, how GDM along with maternal obesity interact to alter colonization remains unknown. We hypothesized that GDM individually and in combination with maternal overweight/obesity would alter gut microbial composition, diversity, and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) levels in neonates. We investigated 46 full-term neonates born to normal-weight or overweight/obese mothers with and without GDM, accounting for confounders including cesarean delivery, lack of breastfeeding, and exposure to antibiotics. Gut microbiota in 2-week-old neonates born to mothers with GDM exhibited differences in abundance of 26 microbial taxa; 14 of which showed persistent differential abundance after adjusting for pre-pregnancy BMI. Key pioneering gut taxa, including potentially important taxa for establishing neonatal immunity, were reduced. Lactobacillus, Flavonifractor, Erysipelotrichaceae, and unspecified families in Gammaproteobacteria were significantly reduced in neonates from mothers with GDM. GDM was associated with an increase in microbes involved in suppressing early immune cell function (Phascolarctobacterium). No differences in infant stool SCFA levels by maternal phenotype were noted; however, significant correlations were found between microbial abundances and SCFA levels in neonates. Our results suggest that GDM alone and together with maternal overweight/obesity uniquely influences seeding of specific infant microbiota in patterns that set the stage for future risk of inflammatory and metabolic disease. © Copyright © 2020 Soderborg, Carpenter, Janssen, Weir, Robertson, Ir, Young, Krebs, Hernandez, Barbour, Frank, Kroehl and Friedman.
Emerging Role of Adipocyte Dysfunction in Inducing Heart Failure Among Obese Patients With Prediabetes and Known Diabetes Mellitus; Adipose tissue dysfunction is a predictor for cardiovascular (CV) events and heart failure (HF) in patient population with obesity, metabolic syndrome, and known type 2 diabetes mellitus. Previous preclinical and clinical studies have yielded controversial findings regarding the role of accumulation of adipose tissue various types in CV risk and HF-related clinical outcomes in obese patients. There is evidence for direct impact of infiltration of epicardial adipocytes into the underlying myocardium to induce adverse cardiac remodeling and mediate HF development and atrial fibrillation. Additionally, perivascular adipocytes accumulation is responsible for release of proinflammatory adipocytokines (adiponectin, leptin, resistin), stimulation of oxidative stress, macrophage phenotype switching, and worsening vascular reparation, which all lead to microvascular inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis acceleration, and finally to increase in CV mortality. However, systemic effects of white and brown adipose tissue can be different, and adipogenesis including browning of adipose tissue and deficiency of anti-inflammatory adipocytokines (visfatin, omentin, zinc-α2-glycoprotein, glypican-4) was frequently associated with adipose triglyceride lipase augmentation, altered glucose homeostasis, resistance to insulin of skeletal muscles, increased cardiomyocyte apoptosis, lowered survival, and weak function of progenitor endothelial cells, which could significantly influence on HF development, as well as end-organ fibrosis and multiple comorbidities. The exact underlying mechanisms for these effects are not fully understood, while they are essential to help develop improved treatment strategies. The aim of the review is to summarize the evidence showing that adipocyte dysfunction may induce the onset of HF and support advance of HF through different biological mechanisms involving inflammation, pericardial, and perivascular adipose tissue accumulation, adverse and electrical cardiac remodeling, and skeletal muscle dysfunction. The unbalancing effects of natriuretic peptides, neprilysin, and components of renin–angiotensin system, as exacerbating cause of altered adipocytokine signaling on myocardium and vasculature, in obesity patients at high risk of HF are disputed. The profile of proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory adipocytokines as promising biomarker for HF risk stratification is discussed in the review. © Copyright © 2020 Berezin, Berezin and Lichtenauer.
Metformin and Chemoprevention: Potential for Heart-Healthy Targeting of Biologically Aggressive Breast Cancer; Currently, tamoxifen is the only drug approved for reduction of breast cancer risk in premenopausal women. The significant cardiovascular side effects of tamoxifen, coupled with lack of a survival benefit, potential for genotoxicity, and failure to provide a significant risk-reduction for estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer, all contribute to the low acceptance of tamoxifen chemoprevention in premenopausal women at high-risk for breast cancer. While other prevention options exist for postmenopausal women, there is a search for well-tolerated prevention agents that can simultaneously reduce risk of breast cancers, cardiovascular disease, and type-2 diabetes. Metformin is a well-tolerated oral biguanide hypoglycemic agent that is prescribed worldwide to over 120 million individuals with type-2 diabetes. Metformin is inexpensive, safe during pregnancy, and the combination of metformin, healthy lifestyle, and exercise has been shown to be effective in preventing diabetes. There is a growing awareness that prevention drugs and interventions should make the “whole woman healthy.” To this end, current efforts have focused on finding low toxicity alternatives, particularly repurposed drugs for chemoprevention of breast cancer, including metformin. Metformin's mechanisms of actions are complex but clearly involve secondary lowering of circulating insulin. Signaling pathways activated by insulin also drive biologically aggressive breast cancer and predict poor survival in women with breast cancer. The mechanistic rationale for metformin chemoprevention is well-supported by the scientific literature. Metformin is cheap, safe during pregnancy, and has the potential to provide heart-healthy breast cancer prevention. On-going primary and secondary prevention trials will provide evidence whether metformin is effective in preventing breast cancer. © Copyright © 2020 Jones, Dietze, Jovanovic-Talisman, McCune and Seewaldt.
New Mechanisms of Vascular Dysfunction in Cardiometabolic Patients: Focus on Epigenetics; Epigenetic processing takes centre stage in cardiometabolic diseases (obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, hypertension), where it participates in adiposity, inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, vascular insulin resistance and atherosclerosis. Epigenetic modifications, defined as heritable changes in gene expression that do not entail mutation in the DNA sequence, are mainly induced by environmental stimuli (stress, pollution, cigarette smoking) and are gaining considerable interest due to their causal role in cardiovascular disease, and their amenability to pharmacological intervention. Importantly, epigenetic modifications acquired during life can be transmitted to the offspring and exert their biological effects across multiple generations. Indeed, such transgenerational transmission of epigenetic signals may contribute to anticipating cardiovascular and metabolic disease phenotypes already in children and young adults. A deeper understanding of environmental factors and their effects on the epigenetic machinery and transcriptional programs is warranted to develop effective mechanism-based therapeutic strategies. The clinical application of epigenetic drugs—also known as “epi-drugs”—is currently exploding in the field of cardiovascular disease. The present review describes the main epigenetic networks underlying cardiometabolic alterations and sheds light on specific points of intervention for pharmacological reprogramming in this setting. © 2020, Italian Society of Hypertension.
Efficacy of sex hormone-binding globulin on predicting metabolic syndrome in newly diagnosed and untreated patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Purpose: The aims of this study were to investigate the correlation of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and the components of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and explore the ability of SHBG to predict MetS in newly diagnosed and untreated patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: Ninety-eight newly diagnosed and untreated patients with PCOS and 37 healthy volunteers were recruited. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to explore the best cutoff values of SHBG for predicting that the patients with PCOS would fulfill at least one abnormal index of MetS components, at least two abnormal indexes of MetS components, or MetS. Results: The numbers of patients with PCOS who fulfilled none, one, or two of the MetS criteria items and MetS were 33, 31, 19, and 15, respectively. SHBG was negatively correlated with BMI (r = − 0.615, P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (SBP) (r = − 0371, P < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (r = − 0.285, P = 0.004), triglycerides (TG) (r = − 0.431, P < 0.001), fasting serum insulin (I0) (r = − 0.549, P < 0.001), HOMA-IR (r = − 0.557, P < 0.001), and plasma glucose 2 h after glucose load (G120) (r = − 0.337, P < 0.001) and positively correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (r = 0.629, P < 0.001) in patients with PCOS. The optimal cutoff value of SHBG for predicting MetS in patients with PCOS was 21.3 nmol/L, with a sensitivity of 100.0% (95% CI 78.0–100.0%) and specificity of 85.12% (95% CI 77.5–90.9%). Conclusions: Sixty-five patients had varying degrees of metabolic abnormalities, accounting for 66.3% of the patients with PCOS. SHBG was associated with metabolic indexes, including BMI, SBP, DBP, TG, I0, HOMA-IR, G120, and HDL-C, and can therefore be employed as a useful index for MetS prediction. © 2020, Hellenic Endocrine Society.
Prenatal amino acid supplementation to improve fetal growth: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aberrant fetal growth remains a leading cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality and is associated with a risk of developing non-communicable diseases later in life. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis combining human and animal studies to assess whether prenatal amino acid (AA) supplementation could be a promising approach to promote healthy fetal growth. PubMed, Embase and Cochrane libraries were searched to identify studies orally supplementing the following AA groups during gestation: (1) arginine family; (2) branched chain (BCAA); (3) methyl donors. Primary outcome was fetal/birth weight. 22 human and 89 animal studies were included in the systematic review. The arginine family, and especially arginine itself, was studied most. Our meta-analysis showed beneficial effects of arginine and (N-Carbamyl) glutamate (NCG), but not aspartic acid and citrulline on fetal/birth weight. However, no effects were reported when isonitrogenous control diet was included. BCAA and methyl donor supplementation did not affect fetal/birth weight. Arginine family supplementation, in particular arginine and NCG, improves fetal growth in complicated pregnancies. BCAA and methyl donor supplementation do not seem to be as promising to target fetal growth. Well controlled research in complicated pregnancies is needed before ruling out AA supplements or preferring arginine above other AAs. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Circulating microRNAs overexpressed in macrosomia: An experimental and bioinformatic approach; Low birth weight (LBW) and macrosomia have been associated with later-in-life metabolic alterations. The aim of this study was to elucidate whether the expression levels of circulating microRNAs (c-miRNAs) associated with adult metabolic diseases are also dysregulated in newborns with LBW or macrosomia. The expression levels of five microRNAs (miRNAs) associated with metabolic diseases were quantified in dried blood spots of newborns with adequate birth weight, LBW and macrosomia by stem-loop real-time polymerase chain reaction. miR-29a-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-221-3p, and miR-486-5p were significantly overexpressed in newborns with macrosomia and showed no significant change in the LBW group compared to normal weight controls. miR-320a showed no statistical difference among groups. We predicted the putative target genes and pathways of the overexpressed miRNAs with bioinformatic tools. Bioinformatic analyses of overexpressed miRNAs predicted target genes involved in carbohydrate metabolism, participate in FoxO and PI3K/Akt signaling pathways, and are associated with diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. The overexpression of circulating miR-29a-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-221-3p, and miR-486-5p may explain the increased risk of obesity and diabetes associated with macrosomia. The use of dried blood spots from newborn screening cards to quantify miRNAs expression levels could be an early and minimally invasive predictive tool for these metabolic alterations.  © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2020.
Metabolomics and correlation network analyses of core biomarkers in type 2 diabetes; The identification of metabolic pathways and the core metabolites provide novel molecular targets for the prevention and treatment of diseases. Diabetes is often accompanied with multiple metabolic disorders including hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia. Analysis of the variances of plasma metabolites is critical for identifying potential therapeutic targets for diabetes. In the current study, non-diabetic subjects with normal glucose tolerance and diabetics (age 40–60 years; n = 42 per group) were selected and plasma samples were analyzed by GC–MS for various metabolites profiling followed by network analysis. Our study identified 24 differential metabolites that were mainly enriched in protein synthesis, lipid and amino acid metabolism. Furthermore, we applied the correlation network analysis on these differential metabolites in fatty acid and amino acid metabolism and identified glycerol, alanine and serine as the hub metabolites in diabetic group. In addition, we measured the activities of enzymes in gluconeogenesis and amino acid metabolism and found significant higher activities of fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase, pyruvate carboxylase, lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase in diabetic patients. In contrast, the enzyme activities of glycolysis pathway (e.g., hexokinase, phosphofructokinase and pyruvate kinase) and TCA cycle (e.g., isocitrate dehydrogenase, succinate dehydrogenase, fumarate hydratase and malate dehydrogenase) were reduced in diabetes. Together, our studies showed that the linoleic acid and amino acid metabolism were the most affected metabolic pathways and glycerol, alanine and serine could play critical role in diabetes. The integration of network analysis and metabolic data could provide novel molecular targets or biomarkers for diabetes. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature.
Implications of abnormal liver function in pregnancy and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Elevated liver enzyme levels can sometimes be encountered in asymptomatic pregnant women. Similar to non-pregnant subjects, women with elevated gamma glutamyltransferase or alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy have increased risk of subsequent complications, especially gestational diabetes mellitus. In non-pregnant subjects, the commonest cause of abnormal liver function currently is non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Risk factors include obesity, diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome. It can progress to hepatocellular carcinoma through the development of steatohepatitis, and has become the leading cause for liver transplantation in women. Found in as many as 16–18% of pregnant women, it is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications and abnormal foetal growth, which predisposes the offspring to the same problem subsequently. This condition probably explains the majority of the cases of “idiopathic” abnormal liver function in pregnancy, and should be looked out for in high-risk women owing to its implications on their long-term health outcome. © 2020
Increased hip circumference in individuals with metabolic syndrome affects serum nesfatin-1 levels; Background This case-control study was conducted to investigate the relationship between serum nesfatin-1 levels and nutritional status and blood parameters in patients diagnosed with metabolic syndrome. Methods Thirty patients (case) diagnosed with metabolic syndrome according to National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III criteria were included. Thirty healthy subjects (control) matched with patients with metabolic syndrome in terms of age, gender and body mass index were included. Three-day food consumption records were obtained. Anthropometric indices were measured and body composition was determined by bioelectrical impedance method. Biochemical parameters and serum nesfatin-1 levels were measured after 8 hours of fasting. Results Serum nesfatin-1 levels were 0.245±0.272 ng/mL in the case group and 0.528±0.987 ng/mL in the control group (p>0.05). There was a positive significant correlation between serum nesfatin-1 levels and body weight, waist and hip circumferences in the case group (p<0.05). Each unit increase in hip circumference measurement affects the levels of nesfatin by 0.014 times. In the control group, there was a positive significant correlation between body weight and serum nesfatin-1 levels (p<0.05). A significant correlation was detected between HbA1c and serum nesfatin-1 levels in the case group (p<0.05). A significant relationship was detected between dietary fibre intake and the serum nesfatin-1 levels in the case group (p<0.05). Conclusions Anthropometric indices and blood parameters were correlated with serum nesfatin-1 levels in patients with metabolic syndrome. More clinical trials may be performed to establish the relationship between serum nesfatin-1 levels and nutritional status.  ©
The molecular mechanisms by which vitamin d prevents insulin resistance and associated disorders; Numerous studies have shown that vitamin D deficiency is very common in modern societies and is perceived as an important risk factor in the development of insulin resistance and related diseases such as obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). While it is generally accepted that vitamin D is a regulator of bone homeostasis, its ability to counteract insulin resistance is subject to debate. The goal of this communication is to review the molecular mechanism by which vitamin D reduces insulin resistance and related complications. The university library, PUBMED, and Google Scholar were searched to find relevant studies to be summarized in this review article. Insulin resistance is accompanied by chronic hyperglycaemia and inflammation. Recent studies have shown that vitamin D exhibits indirect antioxidative properties and participates in the maintenance of normal resting ROS level. Appealingly, vitamin D reduces inflammation and regulates Ca2+ level in many cell types. Therefore, the beneficial actions of vitamin D include diminished insulin resistance which is observed as an improvement of glucose and lipid metabolism in insulin-sensitive tissues. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Environmental chemical burden in metabolic tissues and systemic biological pathways in adolescent bariatric surgery patients: A pilot untargeted metabolomic approach; Background: Advances in untargeted metabolomic technologies have great potential for insight into adverse metabolic effects underlying exposure to environmental chemicals. However, important challenges need to be addressed, including how biological response corresponds to the environmental chemical burden in different target tissues. Aim: We performed a pilot study using state-of-the-art ultra-high-resolution mass spectrometry (UHRMS) to characterize the burden of lipophilic persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in metabolic tissues and associated alterations in the plasma metabolome. Methods: We studied 11 adolescents with severe obesity at the time of bariatric surgery. We measured 18 POPs that can act as endocrine and metabolic disruptors (i.e. 2 dioxins, 11 organochlorine compounds [OCs] and 5 polybrominated diphenyl ethers [PBDEs]) in visceral and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (vAT and sAT), and liver samples using gas chromatography with UHRMS. Biological pathways were evaluated by measuring the plasma metabolome using high-resolution metabolomics. Network and pathway enrichment analysis assessed correlations between the tissue-specific burden of three frequently detected POPs (i.e. p,p’-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethene [DDE], hexachlorobenzene [HCB] and PBDE-47) and plasma metabolic pathways. Results: Concentrations of 4 OCs and 3 PBDEs were quantifiable in at least one metabolic tissue for > 80% of participants. All POPs had the highest median concentrations in adipose tissue, especially sAT, except for PBDE-154, which had comparable average concentrations across all tissues. Pathway analysis showed high correlations between tissue-specific POPs and metabolic alterations in pathways of amino acid metabolism, lipid and fatty acid metabolism, and carbohydrate metabolism. Conclusions: Most of the measured POPs appear to accumulate preferentially in adipose tissue compared to liver. Findings of plasma metabolic pathways potentially associated with tissue-specific POPs concentrations merit further investigation in larger populations. © 2020 The Authors
Sex-specific metabolite biomarkers of NAFLD in youth: a prospective study in the EPOCH cohort; Context: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the leading cause of chronic liver disease in developed nations. There are currently no accurate biomarkers of NAFLD risk in youth. Objective: Identify sex-specific metabolomics biomarkers of NAFLD in a healthy cohort of youth. Design/Setting: This prospective study included 395 participants of the EPOCH cohort in Colorado, who were recruited 2006-2009 (“T1 visit”) and followed for 5 years (“T2 visit”). We entered 767 metabolites measured at T1 into a reduced rank regression model to identify the strongest determinants of hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at T2, separately for boys and girls. We compared the capacity of metabolites versus conventional risk factors (overweight/obesity, insulin, alanine transaminase, aspartate transaminase) to predict NAFLD (HFF ≥5%) and high HFF (fourth vs first quartile) using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC). Results: Prevalence of NAFLD was 7.9% (8.5% of boys, 7.1% of girls). Mean ± SD HFF was 2.5 ± 3.1%. We identified 13 metabolites in girls and 10 metabolites in boys. Metabolites were in lipid, amino acid, and carbohydrate metabolism pathways. At T1, the metabolites outperformed conventional risk factors in prediction of high HFF but not NAFLD. At T2, the metabolites were superior to conventional risk factors as predictors of high HFF (AUC for metabolites vs conventional risk factors for boys: 0.9565 vs 0.8851, P = 0.02; for girls: 0.9450 vs 0.8469, P = 0.02) with similar trends for NAFLD, although the differences were not significant. Conclusions: The metabolite profiles identified herein are superior predictors of high HFF when assessed 5 years prior and concurrently in a general-risk setting. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 105: e3437–e3450, 2020) © Endocrine Society 2020. All rights reserved.
Metformin treatment of high-fat diet-fed obese male mice restores sperm function and fetal growth, without requiring weight loss; Male obesity is associated with subfertility and increased disease risk of offspring. It is unknown if effects can be reversed through pharmacological interventions. Five- to 6-week-old C57BL6 male mice were fed control diet (n = 10, CD) or high-fat diet (n = 20, HFD) for 16 weeks. Animals fed with a HFD were then allocated to continuation of HFD (n = 8) or HFD with metformin 28 mg kg-1day-1(n = 8) for 6 weeks. Animals fed with CD continued on a CD (n = 9). Males were mated with fertile C57BL6 females for the assessment of pregnancy and fetal growth. Sperm motility, spermatozoa and testicular morphology, sperm-zona pellucida binding, sperm reactive oxygen species (ROS) (intracellular [DCFDA], superoxide [MSR], and oxidative DNA lesions [8OHdG]), and mitochondrial membrane potential (JC1) were assessed. Metformin treatment of HFD males improved glucose tolerance (+12%, P < 0.05) and reduced Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR; -36%, P < 0.05). This occurred in the absence of a change in body weight or adiposity. Metformin treatment of HFD-fed males restored testicular morphology (+33%, P < 0.05), sperm motility (+66%, P < 0.05), sperm-zona pellucida binding (+25%, P < 0.05), sperm intracellular ROS concentrations (-32%, P < 0.05), and oxidative DNA lesions (-45%, P < 0.05) to the levels of the CD males. Metformin treatment of HFD fathers increased fetal weights and lengths compared with those born to HFD fathers (+8%, P < 0.05), with fetal lengths restored to those of fetuses of CD males. Short-term metformin treatment in men who are obese could be a potential intervention for the treatment of subfertility, without the need for a reduction in body weight/adiposity. McPherson Nicole 1 , Lane Michelle 2 , ABS, Australian Bureau of Statistics. Gender Indicators, Australia Sep 2018. 2018; Vol 4. © 2020 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
Use of metabolomic proﬁling to understand variability in adiposity changes following an intentional weight loss intervention in older adults; Inter-individual response to dietary interventions remains a major challenge to successful weight loss among older adults. This study applied metabolomics technology to identify small molecule signatures associated with a loss of fat mass and overall weight in a cohort of older adults on a nutritionally complete, high-protein diet. A total of 102 unique metabolites were measured using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) for 38 adults aged 65–80 years randomized to dietary intervention and 36 controls. Metabolite values were analyzed in both baseline plasma samples and samples collected following the six-month dietary intervention to consider both metabolites that could predict the response to diet and those that changed in response to diet or weight loss.Eight metabolites changed over the intervention at a nominally signiﬁcant level: D-pantothenic acid, L-methionine, nicotinate, aniline, melatonin, deoxycarnitine, 6-deoxy-L-galactose, and 10-hydroxydecanoate. Within the intervention group, there was broad variationintheachievedweight-lossanddual-energyx-rayabsorptiometry(DXA)-deﬁnedchangesin total fat and visceral adipose tissue(VAT)mass. Change in the VAT mass was signiﬁcantly associated with the base line abundance of α-aminoadipate(p=0.0007)and an additional mass spectrometry peak that may represent D-fructose, myo-inositol, mannose, α-D-glucose, allose, D-galactose, D-tagatose, or L-sorbose (p = 0.0001). This hypothesis-generating study reﬂects the potential of metabolomic biomarkers for the development of personalized dietary interventions. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Hepatitis B – chronic carrier status and pregnancy outcomes: An obstetric perspective; Antenatal screening for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) only identifies women with hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection for neonatal immunoprophylaxis. It does not reflect the phase of chronic infection, viral genotype and activity, hepatic inflammation, or other co-existing liver disorders. Coinfection with other viruses and micro-organisms may also be present. These factors in various combinations can impact pregnancy outcomes, and they are probably responsible for the conflicting literature on this issue. Pregnancy complications may interact with maternal HBV infection and hepatitis flares, leading to serious and lethal complications. Hepatitis flares are common especially postpartum, and they are unpredictable and unpreventable with antiviral treatment. Evidence on the association between HBsAg seropositivity with gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, increased foetal growth, and reduced pregnancy hypertensive disorders is stronger than other adverse pregnancy outcomes. Baseline assessment of liver function, and viral markers and activity, can delineate the truly high-risk pregnancies for close monitoring. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Effect of diabetes on exosomal miRNA profile in patients with obesity; Introduction Obesity is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. T2DM increases the risk of cardiovascular-related death. We investigated changes in circulating exosomal microRNA (miRNA) profiles in patients with DM with obesity compared with patients without DM with obesity. Research design and methods This prospective study involved 29 patients with obesity (patients without DM=16, patients with DM=13) and healthy volunteers (HVs) (n=18). We measured circulating levels of exosomal miRNAs by next-generation sequencing and compared miRNA levels across the three groups. Results The expression levels of 25 miRNAs (upregulated=14, downregulated=11) differed between patients with obesity with DM and patients with obesity without DM. Compared with HV, patients with DM with obesity had 53 dysregulated miRNAs. Additionally, moving stepwise from HV to patients with obesity without DM to patients with obesity with DM, there was a consistent increase in expression levels of miR-23a-5p and miR-6087 and a consistent decrease in expressions levels of miR-6751-3p. Conclusions Our data show that the exosomal miRNAs is altered by dysregulated glucose metabolism in patients with obesity. This circulating exosomal miRNA signature in patients with obesity with or without DM is a potential biomarker and therapeutic target in these patients. ©
Immune regulation of islet homeostasis and adaptation; The islet of Langerhans produces endocrine hormones to regulate glucose homeostasis. The normal function of the islet relies on the homeostatic regulations of cellular composition and cell-cell interactions within the islet microenvironment. Immune cells populate the islet during embryonic development and participate in islet organogenesis and function. In obesity, a low-grade inflammation manifests in multiple organs, including pancreatic islets. Obesity-associated islet inflammation is evident in both animal models and humans, characterized by the accumulation of immune cells and elevated production of inflammatory cytokines/chemokines and metabolic mediators. Myeloid lineage cells (monocytes and macrophages) are the dominant types of immune cells in islet inflammation during the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this review, we will discuss the role of the immune system in islet homeostasis and inflammation and summarize recent findings of the cellular and molecular factors that alter islet microenvironment and β cell function in obesity and T2DM. © 2020 The Author(s) (2020). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Journal of Molecular Cell Biology, IBCB, SIBS, CAS.
Adipokines: New Potential Therapeutic Target for Obesity and Metabolic, Rheumatic, and Cardiovascular Diseases; Besides its role as an energy storage organ, adipose tissue can be viewed as a dynamic and complex endocrine organ, which produces and secretes several adipokines, including hormones, cytokines, extracellular matrix (ECM) proteins, and growth and vasoactive factors. A wide body of evidence showed that adipokines play a critical role in various biological and physiological functions, among which feeding modulation, inflammatory and immune function, glucose and lipid metabolism, and blood pressure control. The aim of this review is to summarize the effects of several adipokines, including leptin, diponectin, resistin, chemerin, lipocalin-2 (LCN2), vaspin, omentin, follistatin-like 1 (FSTL1), secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC), secreted frizzled-related protein 5 (SFRP5), C1q/TNF-related proteins (CTRPs), family with sequence similarity to 19 member A5 (FAM19A5), wingless-type inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1), progranulin (PGRN), nesfatin-1 (nesfatin), visfatin/PBEF/NAMPT, apelin, retinol binding protein 4 (RPB4), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) in the regulation of insulin resistance and vascular function, as well as many aspects of inflammation and immunity and their potential role in managing obesity-associated diseases, including metabolic, osteoarticular, and cardiovascular diseases. © Copyright © 2020 Recinella, Orlando, Ferrante, Chiavaroli, Brunetti and Leone.
Proteomics reveals different pathological processes of adipose tissue, liver, and skeletal muscle under insulin resistance; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is the most common type of diabetes, and insulin resistance (IR) is its core pathological mechanism. Proteomics is an ingenious and promising Omics technology that can comprehensively describe the global protein expression profiling of body or specific tissue, and is widely applied to the study of molecular mechanisms of diseases. In this paper, we focused on insulin target organs: adipose tissue, liver, and skeletal muscle, and analyzed the different pathological processes of IR in these three tissues based on proteomics research. By literature studies, we proposed that the main pathological processes of IR among target organs were diverse, which showed unique characteristics and focuses. We further summarized the differential proteins in target organs which were verified to be related to IR, and discussed the proteins that may play key roles in the emphasized pathological processes, aiming at discovering potentially specific differential proteins of IR, and providing new ideas for pathological mechanism research of IR. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Effects of myo-inositol on growth performance, body composition, antioxidant status, non-specific immunity and lipid metabolism of juvenile Chinese mitten crab (Eriocheir sinensis); This study evaluated the effects of dietary myo-inositol (MI) levels on growth, body composition, antioxidant status, non-specific immunity and lipid metabolism in juvenile Chinese mitten crab (Eriocheir sinensis). A total of 960 crabs was fed with six diets supplemented with graded levels of MI (0, 204, 406, 810, 1,650 and 3,211 mg/kg) for 8 weeks. The crabs fed with diets containing 1,650 mg/kg MI had significantly higher final body weight, weight gain and specific growth rate than those fed 0, 204, 406 and 810 mg/kg MI (p '.05). The lowest moulting frequency was observed in the crabs fed diets without supplemented MI. The crabs fed with diets containing 1,650 and 3,211 mg/kg MI had significantly lower total lipid content in the whole body than those fed diets without supplemented MI (p '.05). The myo-inositol level in hepatopancreas increased with increasing dietary MI up to 1,650 mg/kg before reaching plateau. The crabs fed 1,650 mg/kg MI had significantly higher total antioxidant capacity and glutathione peroxidase activity in hepatopancreas than those fed diets without supplemented MI (p '.05). However, the crabs fed diets without supplemented MI had the highest level of malondialdehyde in hepatopancreas compared with those fed with MI supplementation. The highest serum alkaline phosphatase activity was also observed in crabs fed 1,650 mg/kg MI. Total protein and haemocyanin contents in serum were significantly increased with increasing dietary MI levels (p '.05). The triglyceride contents in hepatopancreas significantly decreased with increasing dietary MI levels (p '.05). Results of real-time quantitative PCR revealed that dietary MI reduced hepatic triglyceride accumulation probably through inhibiting lipid synthesis-related genes and promoting lipid export-related genes at the transcriptional level. Broken-line analysis of weight gain, specific growth rate and MI levels in hepatopancreas against dietary MI levels indicates that the optimal MI requirement for juvenile crabs ranged from 1,613 to 1,707 mg/kg. The dietary MI supplementation can improve growth performance, antioxidant capacity and non-specific immunity and reduce hepatopancreatic triglyceride accumulation in juvenile crab. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in non-pregnant adults. Although the biological mechanisms underlying this association are not completely understood, metabolic factors, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction are likely all involved. The association between NAFLD and pregnancy-associated hypertension (HTN) has not been systematically examined. The aim of this study is to assess the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: This is secondary analysis of a prospective study of healthy pregnant women. Liver ultrasonography was performed at 10-14 weeks of gestation and maternal blood was taken for the measurement of selenoprotein P (SeP), a hepatokine independently associated with both NAFLD and CVD. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational HTN, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 pregnant women, the risk of developing pregnancy-associated HTN was significantly increased in women with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD. Grade 2-3 steatosis was a significant predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors. Circulating levels of SeP were significantly higher in women with versus those without NAFLD (P =.001) and was significantly higher also in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN compared with those who did not (P '.005). Conclusions: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN. Circulating levels of SeP at that same gestational age are significantly increased in pregnant women with NAFLD who subsequently develop pregnancy-associated HTN. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Liver disease in pregnancy; Development of liver diseases during pregnancy is not uncommon. They are caused by either a disorder that is unique to pregnancy or an acute or chronic liver disease that already exists or coincidentally develops as a comorbidity of pregnancy. Liver diseases unique to pregnancy include hyperemesis gravidarum; hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia/eclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome; intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Chronic liver diseases that affect pregnancy, or are affected by pregnancy, mainly include autoimmune liver diseases and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Prompt diagnosis and management of liver diseases in pregnancy, while very challenging, is extremely important, as they might cause adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Therefore, a multidisciplinary, collaborative approach involving both hepatologists and obstetricians is required. In this review article, the up-to-date epidemiology, etiology, clinical features, and outcomes of liver diseases in pregnancy are discussed, to promote a deeper understanding among physicians, and subsequently improved outcomes. © 2020 The Japan Society of Hepatology
The maternal diet with fish oil might decrease the oxidative stress and inflammatory response in sows, but increase the susceptibility to inflammatory stimulation in their offspring; The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of the maternal diet with fish oil on the oxidative stress and inflammatory response in sows, and the protective effect on the piglets suckling the sows fed the diet with fish oil in the context of inflammatory stimulation. Twelve sows were divided into two groups. Sows were fed soybean oil diet (SD) or soybean oil + fish oil diet (FD) from gestation to lactation period. The blood samples of sows were collected from the auricular vein at the 16th day of lactation. One piglet was selected from each litter on the 14th day after birth. Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) was injected into the neck muscle after pre-treatment blood samples were collected from the anterior vena cava of piglets. The blood samples of piglets were collected at 5 h and 48 h post-LPS injection from the front cavity vein. Liver samples were collected at 48 h post-LPS injection. The FD diet significantly increased the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in the plasma of lactating sow, decreased the levels of alkaline phosphatase(AKP) and tumor necrosis factor alpha(TNF-α) in the plasma of lactating sows, and increased the level of immunoglobulin G(IgG) in the colostrum and interleukin-10(IL-10) in the milk (p < 0.05). In the FD group, the levels of glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) significantly increased in the plasma of piglets at 48 h post-LPS injection (p < 0.05). Meanwhile, the relative expression of GSH-Px mRNA was decreased in the FD group (p < 0.05). However, the levels of interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β) and interleukin-6(IL-6) in the plasma of piglets were significantly higher in the FD group pre-and post-LPS injection (p < 0.05). The ratio of the phosphonated extracellular regulated protein kinases to the extracellular regulated protein kinases (p-ERK/ERK) protein in the livers of piglets was decreased (p < 0.05), but the expression of nuclear transcription factor-κB (NF-κB) mRNA and the ratio of the phosphonated inhibitor of NF-κB to the inhibitor of NF-κB (p-IκB-α/IκB-α) protein was increased in the livers of piglets (p < 0.05). These results indicate that a maternal diet with fish oil might decrease the oxidative stress and inflammatory response in sows, and enhance the antioxidative ability but increase the susceptibility to inflammatory stimulation in their progenies. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Effect of Plant Derived Bioactive Compounds on Inflammation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; A growing number of people worldwide are changing their lifestyle leading to an increasing number of overweight and obese individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). With obesity and MetS come an elevated inflammatory state resulting in increased risk of Type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, among other lifestyle diseases. Fruits and vegetables (FV) contain phytochemicals with health beneficial effects including anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory properties. This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to investigate the effects of diets high in FV, and plant-based products on C-reactive protein (CRP). A systematic search in PUBMED and EMBASE gave rise to 883 articles, 16 of which are included in the meta-analysis. The effects of plant-based products and diets are investigated in subgroups including overweight, obese, and diabetes; as wells as the effect of plant-oils and anthocyanin on CRP. The analysis shows an overall significant reduction in CRP for all articles (p = 0.0006). A significant decrease in diabetic (p = 0.01), overweight (p = 0.005), and obese patients (p = 0.05) is observed, including significant effects of anthocyanins (p = 0.001) and plant-oils (p ' 0.00001) on CRP. These findings strongly support the recommendation for diets high in FV and plant-oils to help attenuate elevated CRP. © 2020 Wiley-VCH GmbH
Dynamic Changes in Circulating Endocrine FGF19 Subfamily and Fetuin-A in Response to Intralipid and Insulin Infusions in Healthy and PCOS Women; Background: The fibroblast growth factors (FGF) 19 subfamily, also referred to as endocrine FGFs, includes FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23 are metabolic hormones involved in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. Fetuin-A is a hepatokine involved in the regulation of beta-cell function and insulin resistance. Endocrine FGFs and fetuin-A are dysregulated in metabolic disorders including obesity, type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Our study was designed to examine the response of endocrine FGFs and fetuin-A to an acute intralipid, insulin infusion and exercise in PCOS and healthy women. Subjects and Measurements: Ten healthy and 11 PCOS subjects underwent 5-h saline infusions with a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp (HIEC) performed during the final 2 h. One week later, intralipid infusions were undertaken with a HIEC performed during the final 2 h. After an 8 week of exercise intervention the saline, intralipid, and HIEC were repeated. Plasma levels of endocrine FGFs and fetuin-A were measured. Results: Baseline fetuin-A was higher in PCOS women but FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23 did not differ and were unaffected by exercise. Insulin administration elevated FGF21 in control and PCOS, suppressed FGF19 in controls, and had no effects on FGF23 and fetuin-A. Intralipid infusion suppressed FGF19 and increased FGF21. Insulin with intralipid synergistically increased FGF21 and did not have effects on lipid-mediated suppression of FGF19 in both groups. Conclusion: Our study provides evidence for insulin and lipid regulation of endocrine FGFs in healthy and PCOS women, suggesting that FGF family members play a role in lipid and glucose metabolism. Clinical Trial Registration: www.isrctn.org, Identifier: ISRCTN42448814. © Copyright © 2020 Ramanjaneya, Bensila, Bettahi, Jerobin, Samra, Aye, Alkasem, Siveen, Sathyapalan, Skarulis, Atkin and Abou-Samra.
The relationship between the nutritioun status and insulin resistance index in the first trimester of pregnancy; Background: Progressive insulin resistance (IR) is a physiologic state during pregnancy which could be ended to gestational diabetes. Given the relationship between weight and insulin resistance (IR), the study of the association between nutrients intake and insulin resistance is particularly rational and predictive. Methods: The current descriptive cross-sectional study was performed on 138 nulliparous women with healthy and single pregnancies. Individual characteristics were collected by a researcher-administered questionnaire. At 6th-10thweeks of pregnancy, physical activity scores and nutrients intake were determined using the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire and 24-hour recall for three consecutive days, respectively. At the same time, fasting serum glucose and insulin levels were also measured to calculate IR by the formula. Findings: Square root transformation of IR index at the first trimester was significantly correlated with household income, occupational activity, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), weight, and physical activity at 6th-10thweeks of gestation. However, after adjusting the effect of related variables, household income and maternal weight were significantly associated with IR, and occupational activity had a trend toward the significant association. Moreover, vitamin D, linolenic acid, beta-carotene, vitamin E, and carbohydrate intake were significantly correlated with IR index. However, after adjusting for the related variables, vitamin E had a direct significant relationship with IR, and glucose and maltose intakes were inversely associated with IR. Conclusion: Significant association between household income and maternal weight at the first trimester can be used to control IR, which is a key component for gestational diabetes. The association of vitamin E, glucose, and maltose intakes with IR may be a guide to get new results. We suggest further studies about the association between occupational activity and insulin resistance in pregnant women. © 2020 Isfahan University of Medical Sciences(IUMS). All rights reserved.
Metabolomic and genetic associations with insulin resistance in pregnancy; Aims/hypothesis: Our study aimed to integrate maternal metabolic and genetic data related to insulin sensitivity during pregnancy to provide novel insights into mechanisms underlying pregnancy-induced insulin resistance. Methods: Fasting and 1 h serum samples were collected from women in the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study who underwent an OGTT at ∼28 weeks’ gestation. We obtained targeted and non-targeted metabolomics and genome-wide association data from 1600 and 4528 mothers, respectively, in four ancestry groups (Northern European, Afro-Caribbean, Mexican American and Thai); 1412 of the women had both metabolomics and genome-wide association data. Insulin sensitivity was calculated using a modified insulin sensitivity index that included fasting and 1 h glucose and C-peptide levels after a 75 g glucose load. Results: Per-metabolite and network analyses across the four ancestries identified numerous metabolites associated with maternal insulin sensitivity before and 1 h after a glucose load, ranging from amino acids and carbohydrates to fatty acids and lipids. Genome-wide association analyses identified 12 genetic variants in the glucokinase regulatory protein gene locus that were significantly associated with maternal insulin sensitivity, including a common functional missense mutation, rs1260326 (β = −0.2004, p = 4.67 × 10−12 in a meta-analysis across the four ancestries). This SNP was also significantly associated with multiple fasting and 1 h metabolites during pregnancy, including fasting and 1 h triacylglycerols and 2-hydroxybutyrate and 1 h lactate, 2-ketoleucine/ketoisoleucine and palmitoleic acid. Mediation analysis suggested that 1 h palmitoleic acid contributes, in part, to the association of rs1260326 with maternal insulin sensitivity, explaining 13.7% (95% CI 4.0%, 23.3%) of the total effect. Conclusions/interpretation: The present study demonstrates commonalities between metabolites and genetic variants associated with insulin sensitivity in the gravid and non-gravid states and provides insights into mechanisms underlying pregnancy-induced insulin resistance. [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Cysteine and homocysteine as biomarker of various diseases; Cysteine and homocysteine (Hcy), both sulfur-containing amino acids (AAs), produced from methionine another sulfur-containing amino acid, which is converted to Hcy and further converted to cysteine. This article aims to highlight the link between cysteine and Hcy, and their mechanisms, important functions, play in the body and their role as a biomarker for various types of diseases. So that using cysteine and Hcy as a biomarker, we can prevent and diagnose many diseases. This review concluded that hyperhomocysteinemia (elevated levels of homocysteine) is considered as toxic for cells and is associated with different health problems. Hyperhomocysteinemia and low levels of cysteine associated with various diseases like cardiovascular diseases (CVD), ischemic stroke, neurological disorders, diabetes, cancer like lung and colorectal cancer, renal dysfunction-linked conditions, and vitiligo. © 2020 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
IGFBP5 modulates lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity through activating AMPK pathway in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) characterized by excessive hepatic fat deposition is an increasing public health issue worldwide. Insulin resistance is a pivotal factor in NAFLD progression. Studies have found that IGFBP5 was related to insulin sensitivity. Nevertheless, the role of IGFBP5 in NAFLD remains unclear. Materials and methods: NAFLD models were established in vitro and in vivo by treating HepG2 cells with free fatty acids (FFA) and feeding mice with high-fat diet (HFD), respectively. IGFBP5 expression was then analyzed in these models. The effects and mechanism of IGFBP5 on lipid lipogenesis, fatty acid β-oxidation, and insulin resistance were investigated following IGFBP5 overexpression. Additionally, AMPK inhibitor compound C was used to treat HepG2 cells to confirm whether IGFBP5 functioned via activating AMPK pathway. Key findings: IGFBP5 expression was decreased in both NAFLD models. IGFBP5 overexpression reduced levels of lipogenesis-associated proteins (SREBP-1c, FAS and ACC1), elevated expression of fatty acid β-oxidation-related genes (PPARα, CPT1A and ACOX1), decreased intracellular lipid droplets, promoted glucose uptake and glycogenesis, and activated IRS1/Akt and AMPK pathways. Administration of IGFBP5 vectors also decreased body weight and relieved liver damage in HFD-treated mice. In contrast, compound C abrogated the influences of IGFBP5 overexpression on cell models. Significance: IGFBP5 dampened hepatic lipid accumulation and insulin resistance in NAFLD development via activating AMPK pathway. This study indicates that IGFBP5 may be a novel therapeutic agent for NAFLD. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Taurine attenuates liver autophagy and injury of offspring in gestational diabetic mellitus rats; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has many adverse effects on offspring, such as abnormal glycolipid metabolism, obesity, insulin resistance, mental retardation, schizophrenia and so on. Methods: We established a GDM rat model by injecting 1% streptozotocin associated with a high-fat diet one week before pregnancy, and offspring rats were sacrificed at 8 weeks of age to obtain liver tissue for study. We used hematoxylin-eosin (HE) staining to observe liver morphological changes, Tunel staining for hepatocyte apoptosis, transmission electron microscope for liver ultrastructure, and western blot for protein expression in liver tissue. Results: Compared with normal offspring rats, hepatocytes of GDM offspring rats showed obvious edema, liver organ index increased, and hepatocyte apoptosis and autophagosome in the liver were significantly increased; Bax, cleaved-caspase3/caspase3, LCII, Beclin 1, P-IKBα/IKBα and P-p65/p6 protein expression in the liver were significantly increased; Bcl2, p62 and PPARγ protein expression in the liver were significantly decreased. Tau prevented the GDM-related effects in the offspring: Tau decreased hepatocyte edema (or even disappears), liver organ index, hepatocyte apoptosis and the number of autophagosomes in the liver. In addition, Tau also decreased Bax, cleaved-caspase3/caspase3, LCII, Beclin 1, P-IKBα/IKBα and P-p65/p6 protein expression, and increased Bcl2, p62 and PPARγ protein expression in the liver of GDM offspring rats. Conclusion: Taurine should be considered as a potential gestational nutritional supplement to prevent liver damage in GDM offspring. © 2020
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) dietary pattern and maternal blood pressure in pregnancy; Background: High blood pressure (BP) in pregnancy is associated with significant adverse outcomes. In nonpregnant populations, the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is associated with reductions in blood pressure. The present study investigated the relationship between the DASH dietary pattern and maternal BP in pregnancy. Methods: This is an observational study of 511 women who participated in the ROLO study (Randomized cOntrol trial of LOw glycaemic index diet for the prevention of recurrence of macrosomia), 2007–2011, Dublin, Ireland. Auscultatory blood pressure, systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) measurements were taken. Mean arterial pressure (MAP) was calculated. Dietary intakes were recorded using 3-day food diaries in each trimester. DASH scoring criteria were used to score and rank participants from low to high intakes of foods recommended in the DASH diet. Statistical analysis using analysis of variance and multiple linear regression were used to determine the relationship between maternal BP and DASH scores. Results: Dietary intake more closely resembling the DASH dietary recommendations throughout pregnancy was associated with a lower DBP (mmHg) in trimesters 1 [B: −0.70; 95% confidence interval (CI) = −1.21 to −0.18] and 3 (B: −0.68; 95% CI = −1.19 to −0.17), as well as lower MAP (mmHg) in trimesters 1 (B: −0.78; 95% CI = −1.33 to −0.25) and 3 (B: −0.54; 95% CI = −1.04 to −0.04), controlling for body mass index, age, education, energy intake and intervention grouping. Conclusions: The DASH dietary pattern was associated with lower maternal BP in pregnancy among healthy women without hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Despite the observational nature of these findings, the results demonstrate the potential for healthcare professionals to intervene to promote cardiovascular health in pregnancy. © 2020 The British Dietetic Association Ltd.
Reduced Skeletal Muscle Volume and Increased Skeletal Muscle Fat Deposition Characterize Diabetes in Individuals after Pancreatitis: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study; Background: Skeletal muscle has been implicated in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes but it has never been investigated in diabetes after pancreatitis. The aim was to investigate the relationship between psoas muscle volume (PMV) and diabetes in individuals after pancreatitis, as well as its associations with ectopic fat phenotypes and insulin traits. Methods: Individuals after an attack of pancreatitis and healthy individuals were studied in a cross-sectional fashion. All participants underwent magnetic resonance imaging, based on which PMV, skeletal muscle fat deposition (SMFD), as well as liver and intra-pancreatic fat depositions were derived. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were collected to calculate indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion. Linear regression analyses were conducted, adjusting for possible confounders (age, sex, body composition, comorbidities, use of insulin, and others). Results: A total of 153 participants were studied. PMV was significantly decreased in the diabetes group compared with healthy controls (β = −30.0, p = 0.034 in the most adjusted model). SMFD was significantly inversely associated with PMV (β = −3.1, p < 0.001 in the most adjusted model). The Matsuda index of insulin sensitivity was significantly directly associated with PMV (β = 1.6, p = 0.010 in the most adjusted model). Conclusions: Diabetes in individuals after pancreatitis is characterized by reduced PMV. Reduced PMV is associated with increased SMFD and decreased insulin sensitivity in individuals after pancreatitis. © 2020 by the authors.
Pediatric non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Nutritional origins and potential molecular mechanisms; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the number one chronic liver disease worldwide and is estimated to affect nearly 40% of obese youth and up to 10% of the general pediatric population without any obvious signs or symptoms. Although the early stages of NAFLD are reversible with diet and lifestyle modifications, detecting such stages is hindered by a lack of non-invasive methods of risk assessment and diagnosis. This absence of non-invasive means of diagnosis is directly related to the scarcity of long-term prospective studies of pediatric NAFLD in children and adolescents. In the majority of pediatric NAFLD cases, the mechanisms driving the origin and rapid progression of NAFLD remain unknown. The progression from NAFLD to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) in youth is associated with unique histological features and possible immune processes and metabolic pathways that may reflect different mechanisms compared with adults. Recent data suggest that circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) are important new biomarkers underlying pathways of liver injury. Several factors may contribute to pediatric NAFLD development, including high-sugar diets, in utero exposures via epigenetic alterations, changes in the neonatal microbiome, and altered immune system development and mitochondrial function. This review focuses on the unique aspects of pediatric NAFLD and how nutritional exposures impact the immune system, mitochondria, and liver/gastrointestinal metabolic health. These factors highlight the need for answers to how NAFLD develops in children and for early stage-specific interventions. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sensing the scent of death: Modulation of microRNAs by Curcumin in gastrointestinal cancers; Gastrointestinal (GI) cancers with a high incidence rate and adverse complications are related to severe morbidity and mortality around the world. MicroRNAs (miRs) are potential regulators of cellular events, and their aberrant expression occurs in gastrointestinal (GI) cancers. Increasing evidence demonstrates that plant derived-natural compounds are capable of regulation of miRs in cancer therapy. Curcumin is a naturally occurring nutraceutical compound isolated from curcuma longa and possesses valuable pharmacological activities in which anti-tumor activity is of importance, since in suppressing cancer malignancy, curcumin can target various molecular pathways such as STAT3, PTEN, PI3K/Akt, Wnt, and so on. In the present review, our aim is to shed some light on regulation of miRs by curcumin in GI cancers, and demonstrate how regulation of miRs by curcumin can affect proliferation and metastasis of GI cancers. Noteworthy, curcumin affects down-stream targets such as PTEN, VEGFA, PI3K/Akt and so on that are responsible for growth and migration of GI cancers via regulation of miRs. Affected miRs, and their down-stream targets are discussed in this review in a mechanistic way. Besides, challenges for clinical translation of current studies are described. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of chronic hyperinsulinemia on metabolic pathways and insulin signaling in the fetal liver; The effect of chronic of hyperinsulinemia in the fetal liver is poorly understood. Here, we produced hyperinsulinemia with euglycemia for ~8 days in fetal sheep [hyperinsulinemic (INS)] at 0.9 gestation. INS fetuses had increased insulin and decreased oxygen and amino acid (AA) concentrations compared with saline-infused fetuses [control (CON)]. Glucose (whole body) utilization rates were increased, as expected, in INS fetuses. In the liver, however, there were few differences in genes and metabolites related to glucose and lipid metabolism and no activation of insulin signaling proteins (Akt and mTOR). There was increased p-AMPK activation and decreased mitochondrial mass (PGC1A expression, mitochondrial DNA content) in INS livers. Using an unbiased multivariate analysis with 162 metabolites, we identified effects on AA and onecarbon metabolism in the INS liver. Expression of the transaminase BCAT2 and glutaminase genes GLS1 and GLS2 was decreased, supporting decreased AA utilization. We further evaluated the roles of hyperinsulinemia and hypoxemia, both present in INS fetuses, on outcomes in the liver. Expression of PGC1A correlated only with hyperinsulinemia, p-AMPK correlated only with hypoxemia, and other genes and metabolites correlated with both hyperinsulinemia and hypoxemia. In fetal hepatocytes, acute treatment with insulin activated p-Akt and decreased PGC1A, whereas hypoxia activated p-AMPK. Overall, chronic hyperinsulinemia produced greater effects on amino acid metabolism compared with glucose and lipid metabolism and a novel effect on one-carbon metabolism in the fetal liver. These hepatic metabolic responses may result from the downregulation of insulin signaling and antagonistic effects of hypoxemia- induced AMPK activation that develop with chronic hyperinsulinemia. Copyright © 2020 the American Physiological Society.
The association between gestational diabetes mellitus and cancer in women: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Aim: Both type 1 and type 2 diabetes are associated with greater risk of a variety of cancers. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and risk of cancer has so far not been well addressed. This study aimed to summarize the epidemiological evidence of the association between GDM and subsequent risk of cancer. Methods: PubMed and Embase databases were searched for relevant studies, and a random-effects model was used to calculate the summary relative risks (RRs) along with the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: A total of 17 observational studies were selected, comprising 7 case–control and 10 cohort studies. Pooled effect estimates retrieved from these 17 studies showed that GDM was associated with an increased risk of breast cancer in Asia (pooled RR: 1.31, 95% CI: 1.01–1.70), but not in other regions, and also with thyroid cancer (RR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.16–1.42), stomach cancer (RR: 1.43, 95% CI: 1.02–2.00) and liver cancer (RR: 1.27, 95% CI: 1.03–1.55). However, GDM was not associated with any increased risk of colon (RR: 1.41, 95% CI: 0.90–2.21), colorectal (RR: 1.16, 95% CI: 0.95–1.41), ovarian (RR: 1.14, 95% CI: 0.90–1.44), cervical (RR: 1.02, 95% CI: 0.81–1.29), pancreatic (RR: 3.49, 95% CI: 0.80–15.23), brain and nervous system (RR: 1.26, 95% CI: 0.80–1.97), blood (leukaemia, RR: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.45–1.30), endometrial (RR: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.20–2.98), skin (RR: 1.13, 95% CI: 0.81–1.59) or urological (RR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.73–1.31) cancers. Conclusion: GDM is associated with a greater risk of cancer in women, including breast, thyroid, stomach and liver cancers. However, further investigation is nonetheless warranted. © 2020 Elsevier Masson SAS
Effects of maternal and paternal exercise on offspring metabolism; Maternal and paternal obesity and type 2 diabetes are recognized risk factors for the development of metabolic dysfunction in offspring, even when the offspring follow a healthful lifestyle. Multiple studies have demonstrated that regular physical activity in mothers and fathers has striking beneficial effects on offspring health, including preventing the development of metabolic disease in rodent offspring as they age. Here, we review the benefits of maternal and paternal exercise in combating the development of metabolic dysfunction in adult offspring, focusing on offspring glucose homeostasis and adaptations to metabolic tissues. We discuss recent findings regarding the roles of the placenta and sperm in mediating the effects of parental exercise on offspring metabolic health, as well as the mechanisms hypothesized to underlie these beneficial changes. Given the worldwide epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes, if these findings translate to humans, regular exercise during the reproductive years might limit the vicious cycles in which increased metabolic risk propagates across generations. © 2020, Springer Nature Limited.
Emerging functions of adipokines in linking the development of obesity and cardiovascular diseases; Increasing evidence shows that obesity is the critical factor in shaping cardio-metabolic phenotypes. However, the pathogenic mechanisms remain incompletely clarified. According to the published reports, adipose tissue communicates with several diverse organs, such as heart, lungs, and kidneys through the secretion of various cytokines named adipokines. The adipocytes isolated from obese mice or humans are dysfunctional with aberrant production of pro-inflammatory adipokines, which subsequently induce both acute and chronic inflammatory reaction and facilitate the process of cardio-metabolic disorder complications. Furthermore, the microenvironment within adipose tissue under obese status also influence the secretion of adipokines. Recently, given that several important adipokines have been completely researched and causally involved in various diseases, we could make a conclusion that adipokines play an essential role in modulating the development of cardio-metabolic disorder diseases, whereas several novel adipokines continue to be explored and elucidated. In the present review, we summarized the current knowledge of the microenvironment of adipose tissue and the published mechanisms whereby adipocytes affects obesity and cardiovascular diseases. On the other hand, we also provide the evidence to elucidate the functions of adipokines in controlling and regulating the inflammatory reactions which contribute to obesity and cardiovascular disease. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
Anti-Obesity and Gut Microbiota Modulation Effect of Secoiridoid-Enriched Extract from Fraxinus mandshurica Seeds on High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice; Previously we conducted a phytochemical study on the seeds of Fraxinus excelsior and isolated nine secoiridoid compounds with adipocyte differentiation inhibitory activity and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (PPARα) activation effects. However, the bioactive constituents and functions of Fraxinus mandshurica seeds have not been studied. In the present study, we investigated the secoiridoid compounds in F. mandshurica seed extract (FM) using column chromatography, 1H-NMR, 13C-NMR and HPLC-DAD methods. The pancreatic lipase inhibitory activities of isolated compounds were evaluated in vitro. Additionally, the anti-obesity and gut microbiota modulation effect of FM on high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice were also studied in vivo. The results showed that 19 secoiridoids were isolated from FM and identified. The total content of secoiridoids in FM reached 181.35 mg/g and the highest content was nuzhenide (88.21 mg/g). All these secoiridoid compounds exhibited good pancreatic lipase inhibitory activity with inhibition rate ranged from 33.77% to 70.25% at the concentration of 100 µM. After obese mice were administrated with FM at 400 mg/kg.bw for 8 weeks, body weight was decreased by 15.81%. Moreover, FM could attenuate the lipid accumulation in serum and liver, relieve the damage in liver and kidney, and extenuate oxidative stress injury and inflammation caused by obesity in mice. FM could also modulate the structural alteration of gut microbiota in obese mice, increasing the proportion of anti-obesity gut microbiota (Bacteroidetes, Bacteroidia, S24-7 and Allobaculum), and reducing the proportion of obesogenic gut microbiota (Firmicutes and Dorea). This study suggests that F. mandshurica seeds or their secoiridoids may have potential for use as a dietary supplement for obesity management. © 2020 by the authors.
Arsenic and Obesity: a Review of Causation and Interaction; Purpose of Review: Arsenic is associated with cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and other outcomes that are also related to obesity. These similar effects raise the possibility that arsenic plays a role in obesity causation. They also raise the possibility that obesity may be an important effect modifier of arsenic-caused disease. This review summarizes the complex relationship between arsenic and obesity, with an emphasis on current research from human studies. Recent Findings: Experimental studies provide some evidence that arsenic could play a role in obesity pathogenesis. To date, however, these associations have not been confirmed in human studies. In contrast, several epidemiologic studies have shown that the risks of arsenic-caused disease are markedly higher in obese individuals, highlighting obesity as an important susceptibility factor. Summary: Arsenic exposure and obesity are prevalent and widespread. Research identifying vulnerable populations, including obese individuals, could lead to new interventions having broad public health effects. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Nonnutritive sweetener consumption during pregnancy, adiposity, and adipocyte differentiation in offspring: evidence from humans, mice, and cells; Background: Obesity often originates in early life, and is linked to excess sugar intake. Nonnutritive sweeteners (NNS) are widely consumed as “healthier” alternatives to sugar, yet recent evidence suggests NNS may adversely influence weight gain and metabolic health. The impact of NNS during critical periods of early development has rarely been studied. We investigated the effect of prenatal NNS exposure on postnatal adiposity and adipocyte development. Methods: In the CHILD birth cohort (N = 2298), we assessed maternal NNS beverage intake during pregnancy and child body composition at 3 years, controlling for maternal BMI and other potential confounders. To investigate causal mechanisms, we fed NNS to pregnant C57BL6J mice at doses relevant to human consumption (42 mg/kg/day aspartame or 6.3 mg/kg/day sucralose), and assessed offspring until 12 weeks of age for: body weight, adiposity, adipose tissue morphology and gene expression, glucose and insulin tolerance. We also studied the effect of sucralose on lipid accumulation and gene expression in cultured 3T3-L1 pre-adipocyte cells. Results: In the CHILD cohort, children born to mothers who regularly consumed NNS beverages had elevated body mass index (mean z-score difference +0.23, 95% CI 0.05–0.42 for daily vs. no consumption, adjusted for maternal BMI). In mice, maternal NNS caused elevated body weight, adiposity, and insulin resistance in offspring, especially in males (e.g., 47% and 15% increase in body fat for aspartame and sucralose vs. controls, p ' 0.001). In cultured adipocytes, sucralose exposure at early stages of differentiation caused increased lipid accumulation and expression of adipocyte differentiation genes (e.g., C/EBP-α, FABP4, and FASN). These genes were also upregulated in adipose tissue of male mouse offspring born to sucralose-fed dams. Conclusion: By triangulating evidence from humans, mice, and cultured adipocytes, this study provides new evidence that maternal NNS consumption during pregnancy may program obesity risk in offspring through effects on adiposity and adipocyte differentiation. © 2020, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Risk to human health related to the presence of perfluoroalkyl substances in food; The European Commission asked EFSA for a scientific evaluation on the risks to human health related to the presence of perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) in food. Based on several similar effects in animals, toxicokinetics and observed concentrations in human blood, the CONTAM Panel decided to perform the assessment for the sum of four PFASs: PFOA, PFNA, PFHxS and PFOS. These made up half of the lower bound (LB) exposure to those PFASs with available occurrence data, the remaining contribution being primarily from PFASs with short half-lives. Equal potencies were assumed for the four PFASs included in the assessment. The mean LB exposure in adolescents and adult age groups ranged from 3 to 22, the 95th percentile from 9 to 70 ng/kg body weight (bw) per week. Toddlers and ‘other children’ showed a twofold higher exposure. Upper bound exposure was 4- to 49-fold higher than LB levels, but the latter were considered more reliable. ‘Fish meat’, ‘Fruit and fruit products’ and ‘Eggs and egg products’ contributed most to the exposure. Based on available studies in animals and humans, effects on the immune system were considered the most critical for the risk assessment. From a human study, a lowest BMDL10 of 17.5 ng/mL for the sum of the four PFASs in serum was identified for 1-year-old children. Using PBPK modelling, this serum level of 17.5 ng/mL in children was estimated to correspond to long-term maternal exposure of 0.63 ng/kg bw per day. Since accumulation over time is important, a tolerable weekly intake (TWI) of 4.4 ng/kg bw per week was established. This TWI also protects against other potential adverse effects observed in humans. Based on the estimated LB exposure, but also reported serum levels, the CONTAM Panel concluded that parts of the European population exceed this TWI, which is of concern. © 2020 European Food Safety Authority. EFSA Journal published by John Wiley and Sons Ltd on behalf of European Food Safety Authority.
Preventive role of diet interventions and dietary factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus: An umbrella review; Background: Although the body of evidence indicates clear benefits of dietary modifications for prevention of type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), it may be difficult for healthcare providers to recommend which diet interventions or dietary factors are appropriate for patients as there are too many modalities available. Accordingly, we performed an umbrella review to synthesize evidence on diet interventions and dietary factors in prevention of T2DM. Methods: Medline and Scopus databases were searched for relevant studies. Systematic reviews with meta-analyses of randomized-controlled trial or observational studies were eligible if they measured effects of diet interventions and/or dietary factors including dietary patterns, food groups, and nutrients on risk of T2DM. The effect of each diet intervention/factor was summarized qualitatively. Results: Sixty systematic reviews and meta-analyses were eligible. Results of the review suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets, and high consumption of whole grains, low-fat dairy products, yogurt, olive oil, chocolate, fiber, magnesium, and flavonoid significantly reduced the risk of T2DM. In contrast, high glycemic index and glycemic load diets, high consumption of red and processed meat, and sugar or artificial sugar-sweetened beverages significantly increased risk of T2DM. Prescribing diet interventions with or without physical activity interventions significantly decreased risk of T2DM in both high-risk and general population. Conclusion: High consumption of Mediterranean and DASH diet, and interventions that modified the quality of diet intake significantly reduced risk of T2DM especially in the high-risk population. These lifestyle modifications should be promoted in both individual and population levels to prevent and decrease burden from T2DM in the future. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Curbing Obesity from One Generation to Another: the Effects of Bariatric Surgery on the In Utero Environment and Beyond; Approximately 250,000 individuals seek bariatric surgery each year in the USA for the long-term resolution of obesity-related comorbidities. Greater than 80% of these individuals are women and approximately half are of child-bearing age. Although there are many positive metabolic benefits that are realized through surgical weight loss for both men and women, the various long-term hormonal, molecular, nutrient, and epigenetic changes following bariatric surgery have not been evaluated for the surgical recipient or in the context of pregnancy and the offspring. Pregnancy may be a vulnerable period of time for the bariatric surgery recipient, and thoughtful consideration of pregnancy management should be taken by health care providers and recipients alike. The purpose of this review is to explore potential etiologies of some of the gestation-specific outcomes for the mother and offspring. © 2020, Society for Reproductive Investigation.
In utero exposure to phenanthrene induces hepatic steatosis in F1 adult female mice; Environmental pollutants are thought to be a risk factor for the prevalence of hepatic steatosis. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous, and human exposure is inevitable. In the present study, phenanthrene (Phe) was used as a representative PAH to investigate the effects of in utero exposure to PAH on hepatic lipid metabolism and the toxicological mechanism involved. Pregnant mice (C57BL/6J) were orally administered Phe (0, 60, 600 and 6000 μg kg−1 body weight) once every 3 days with 6 doses in total. F1 female mice aged 125 days showed significantly elevated hepatic lipid levels in the liver. The protein expression of hepatic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARβ and PPARγ) and retinoid X receptors (RXRs) was upregulated; the transcription of genes related to lipogenesis, such as srebp1 (encoding sterol regulatory element binding proteins), acca (acetyl-CoA carboxylase), fasn (fatty acid synthase) and pcsk9 (proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9), showed an upregulation, while the mRNA levels of the lipolysis gene lcat (encoding lecithin cholesterol acyl transferase) were downregulated. These results could be responsible for lipid accumulation. The promoter methylation levels of pparγ were reduced and were the lowest in the 600 μg kg−1 group, and the promoter methylation levels of lcat were significantly increased in all the Phe treatments. These changes were matched with the alterations in their mRNA levels, suggesting that prenatal Phe exposure could induce abnormal lipid metabolism in later life via epigenetic modification. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Mitochondrial DNA copy number can influence mortality and cardiovascular disease via methylation of nuclear DNA CpGs; Background: Mitochondrial DNA copy number (mtDNA-CN) has been associated with a variety of aging-related diseases, including all-cause mortality. However, the mechanism by which mtDNA-CN influences disease is not currently understood. One such mechanism may be through regulation of nuclear gene expression via the modification of nuclear DNA (nDNA) methylation. Methods: To investigate this hypothesis, we assessed the relationship between mtDNA-CN and nDNA methylation in 2507 African American (AA) and European American (EA) participants from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study. To validate our findings, we assayed an additional 2528 participants from the Cardiovascular Health Study (CHS) (N = 533) and Framingham Heart Study (FHS) (N = 1995). We further assessed the effect of experimental modification of mtDNA-CN through knockout of TFAM, a regulator of mtDNA replication, via CRISPR-Cas9. Results: Thirty-four independent CpGs were associated with mtDNA-CN at genome-wide significance (P < 5 × 10-8). Meta-analysis across all cohorts identified six mtDNA-CN-associated CpGs at genome-wide significance (P < 5 × 10-8). Additionally, over half of these CpGs were associated with phenotypes known to be associated with mtDNA-CN, including coronary heart disease, cardiovascular disease, and mortality. Experimental modification of mtDNA-CN demonstrated that modulation of mtDNA-CN results in changes in nDNA methylation and gene expression of specific CpGs and nearby transcripts. Strikingly, the "neuroactive ligand receptor interaction"KEGG pathway was found to be highly overrepresented in the ARIC cohort (P = 5.24 × 10-12), as well as the TFAM knockout methylation (P = 4.41 × 10-4) and expression (P = 4.30 × 10-4) studies. Conclusions: These results demonstrate that changes in mtDNA-CN influence nDNA methylation at specific loci and result in differential expression of specific genes that may impact human health and disease via altered cell signaling.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Identification of potential biomarkers in the cervicovaginal fluid by metabolic profiling for preterm birth; During pregnancy, dysbiosis in the vaginal microbiota directly affects the metabolic profiles, which might impact preterm birth (PTB). In this study, we performed cervicovaginal fluid (CVF) metabolic profiling using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy and identified the metabolic markers for predicting PTB. In this nested case-control study, 43 South Korean pregnant women with PTB (n = 22), and term birth (TB; n = 21) were enrolled with their demographic profiles, and CVF samples were collected by vaginal swabs. The PTB group had two subgroups based on post-CVF sampling birth: PTB less than (PTB < 7 d) and more than 7 days (PTB ≥ 7 d). We observed significant differences in the gestational age at birth (GAB), cervical length (CL), and neonatal birth weight among the groups. The principal component analysis (PCA), and partial least square discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) scatter plot showed the separation between the PTB < 7 d group, and the TB group. Out of 28 identified metabolites, acetone, ethanol, ethylene glycol, formate, glycolate, isopropanol, methanol, and trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) were significantly increased in the PTB group compared with the TB group. The ROC curve analysis revealed that the acetone, ethylene glycol, formate, glycolate, isopropanol, methanol, and TMAO had the best predictive values for PTB. Additionally, the correlation analysis of these metabolites showed a strong negative correlation with GAB and CL. These metabolites could be beneficial markers for the clinical application of PTB prediction. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Modulation of Lipid Transport and Adipose Tissue Deposition by Small Lipophilic Compounds; Small lipophilic molecules present in foods of plant origin have relevant biological activities at rather low concentrations. Evidence suggests that phytosterols, carotenoids, terpenoids, and tocopherols can interact with different metabolic pathways, exerting beneficial effects against a number of metabolic diseases. These small molecules can modulate triacylglycerol absorption in the intestine and the biosynthesis of chylomicrons, the lipid carriers in the blood. Once in the bloodstream, they can impact lipoprotein clearance from blood, thereby affecting fatty acid release, incorporation into adipocytes and triglyceride reassembling and deposit. Consequently, some of these molecules can regulate pathophysiological processes associated to obesity and its related conditions, such as insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and type-2 diabetes. The protective capacity of some lipophilic small molecules on oxidative and chemotoxic stress, can modify the expression of key genes in the adaptive cellular response, such as transcription factors, contributing to prevent the inflammatory status of adipose tissue. These small lipophilic compounds can be incorporated into diet as natural parts of food but they can also be employed to supplement other dietary and pharmacologic products as nutraceuticals, exerting protective effects against the development of metabolic diseases in which inflammation is involved. The aim of this review is to summarize the current knowledge of the influence of dietary lipophilic small biomolecules (phytosterols, carotenoids, tocopherols, and triterpenes) on lipid transport, as well as on the effects they may have on pathophysiological metabolic states, related to obesity, insulin resistance and inflammation, providing an evidence-based summary of their main beneficial effects on human health. © Copyright © 2020 Castellano, Espinosa and Perona.
DNA Methylation Associated With Diabetic Kidney Disease in Blood-Derived DNA; A subset of individuals with type 1 diabetes will develop diabetic kidney disease (DKD). DKD is heritable and large-scale genome-wide association studies have begun to identify genetic factors that influence DKD. Complementary to genetic factors, we know that a person’s epigenetic profile is also altered with DKD. This study reports analysis of DNA methylation, a major epigenetic feature, evaluating methylome-wide loci for association with DKD. Unique features (n = 485,577; 482,421 CpG probes) were evaluated in blood-derived DNA from carefully phenotyped White European individuals diagnosed with type 1 diabetes with (cases) or without (controls) DKD (n = 677 samples). Explicitly, 150 cases were compared to 100 controls using the 450K array, with subsequent analysis using data previously generated for a further 96 cases and 96 controls on the 27K array, and de novo methylation data generated for replication in 139 cases and 96 controls. Following stringent quality control, raw data were quantile normalized and beta values calculated to reflect the methylation status at each site. The difference in methylation status was evaluated between cases and controls; resultant P-values for array-based data were adjusted for multiple testing. Genes with significantly increased (hypermethylated) and/or decreased (hypomethylated) levels of DNA methylation were considered for biological relevance by functional enrichment analysis using KEGG pathways. Twenty-two loci demonstrated statistically significant fold changes associated with DKD and additional support for these associated loci was sought using independent samples derived from patients recruited with similar inclusion criteria. Markers associated with CCNL1 and ZNF187 genes are supported as differentially regulated loci (P < 10–8), with evidence also presented for AFF3, which has been identified from a meta-analysis and subsequent replication of genome-wide association studies. Further supporting evidence for differential gene expression in CCNL1 and ZNF187 is presented from kidney biopsy and blood-derived RNA in people with and without kidney disease from NephroSeq. Evidence confirming that methylation sites influence the development of DKD may aid risk prediction tools and stimulate research to identify epigenomic therapies which might be clinically useful for this disease. © Copyright © 2020 Smyth, Patterson, Swan, Maxwell and McKnight.
Safety evaluation of α‐lipoic acid supplementation: A systematic review and meta‐analysis of randomized placebo‐controlled clinical studies; Alpha‐lipoic acid (ALA) is a natural short‐chain fatty acid that has attracted great attention in recent years as an antioxidant molecule. However, some concerns have been recently raised regarding its safety profile. To address the issue, we aimed to assess ALA safety profile through a systematic review of the literature and a meta‐analysis of the available randomized placebo‐controlled clinical studies. The literature search included EMBASE, PubMed Medline, SCOPUS, Google Scholar, and ISI Web of Science by Clarivate databases up to 15th August 2020. Data were pooled from 71 clinical studies, comprising 155 treatment arms, which included 4749 subjects with 2558 subjects treated with ALA and 2294 assigned to placebo. A meta‐analysis of extracted data suggested that supplementation with ALA was not associated with an increased risk of any treatment‐emergent adverse event (all p > 0.05). ALA supplementation was safe, even in subsets of studies categorized according to smoking habit, cardiovascular disease, presence of diabetes, pregnancy status, neurological disorders, rheumatic affections, severe renal impairment, and status of children/adolescents at baseline. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Spontaneous liver disease in wild-type C57BL/ 6JOlaHsd mice fed semisynthetic diet; Mouse models are frequently used to study mechanisms of human diseases. Recently, we observed a spontaneous bimodal variation in liver weight in C57BL/6JOlaHsd mice fed a semisynthetic diet. We now characterized the spontaneous variation in liver weight and its relationship with parameters of hepatic lipid and bile acid (BA) metabolism. In male C57BL/ 6JOlaHsd mice fed AIN-93G from birth to postnatal day (PN)70, we measured plasma BA, lipids, Very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL)-triglyceride (TG) secretion, and hepatic mRNA expression patterns. Mice were sacrificed at PN21, PN42, PN63 and PN70. Liver weight distribution was bimodal at PN70. Mice could be subdivided into two nonoverlapping groups based on liver weight: 0.6 SD 0.1 g (approximately one-third of mice, small liver; SL), and 1.0 SD 0.1 g (normal liver; NL; p<0.05). Liver histology showed a higher steatosis grade, inflammation score, more mitotic figures and more fibrosis in the SL versus the NL group. Plasma BA concentration was 14-fold higher in SL (p<0.001). VLDL-TG secretion rate was lower in SL mice, both absolutely (-66%, p<0.001) and upon correction for liver weight (-44%, p<0.001). Mice that would later have the SL-phenotype showed lower food efficiency ratios during PN21-28, suggesting the cause of the SL phenotype is present at weaning (PN21). Our data show that approximately one-third of C57BL/6JOlaHsd mice fed semisynthetic diet develop spontaneous liver disease with aberrant histology and parameters of hepatic lipid, bile acid and lipoprotein metabolism. Study designs involving this mouse strain on semisynthetic diets need to take the SL phenotype into account. Plasma lipids may serve as markers for the identification of the SL phenotype.  © 2020 Ronda et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Microbiota and diabetes mellitus: Role of lipid mediators; Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is an inflammatory clinical entity with different mechanisms involved in its physiopathology. Among these, the dysfunction of the gut microbiota stands out. Currently, it is understood that lipid products derived from the gut microbiota are capable of interacting with cells from the immune system and have an immunomodulatory effect. In the presence of dysbiosis, the concentration of lipopolysaccharides (LPS) increases, favoring damage to the intestinal barrier. Furthermore, a pro-inflammatory environment prevails, and a state of insulin resistance and hyperglycemia is present. Conversely, during eubiosis, the production of short-chain fatty acids (SCFA) is fundamental for the maintenance of the integrity of the intestinal barrier as well as for immunogenic tolerance and appetite/satiety perception, leading to a protective effect. Additionally, it has been demonstrated that alterations or dysregulation of the gut microbiota can be reversed by modifying the eating habits of the patients or with the administration of prebiotics, probiotics, and symbiotics. Similarly, different studies have demonstrated that drugs like Metformin are capable of modifying the composition of the gut microbiota, promoting changes in the biosynthesis of LPS, and the metabolism of SCFA. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
How strong is the evidence that gut microbiota composition can be influenced by lifestyle interventions in a cardio-protective way?; Alterations in composition and function of the gut microbiota have been demonstrated in diseases involving the cardiovascular system, particularly coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis. The data are still limited but the typical altered genera include Roseburia and Faecalibacterium. Plausible mechanisms by which microbiota may mediate cardio-protective effects have been postulated, including the production of metabolites like trimethylamine (TMA), as well as immunomodulatory functions. This raises the question of whether it is possible to modify the gut microbiota by lifestyle interventions and thereby improve cardiovascular health. Nevertheless, lifestyle intervention studies that have involved modifications of dietary intake and/or physical activity, as well as investigating changes in the gut microbiota and subsequent modifications of the cardioprotective markers, are still scarce, and the results have been inconclusive. Current evidence points to benefits of consuming high-fibre foods, nuts and an overall healthy dietary pattern to achieve beneficial effects on both gut microbiota and serum cardiovascular markers, primarily lipids. The relationship between physical exercise and gut microbiota is probably complex and may be dependent on the intensity of exercise. In this article, we review the available evidence on lifestyle, specifically diet, physical activity and smoking as modifiers of the gut microbiota, and subsequently as modifiers of serum cardiovascular health markers. We have attempted to elucidate the plausible mechanisms and further critically appraise the caveats and gaps in the research. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes; Background & Aims: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. Methods: Using weighted discharge data from the US national inpatient sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLDs) or no CLD. Study outcomes included preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Results: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p <0.001). Compared to the other groups, patients with NAFLD during pregnancy more frequently experienced gestational diabetes (7–8% vs. 23%), hypertensive complications (4% vs. 16%), postpartum hemorrhage (3–5% vs. 6%), and preterm birth (5–7% vs. 9%), all p values ≤0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage and possibly maternal (but not fetal) death. Conclusion: The prevalence of NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and preterm birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care. Lay summary: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy has almost tripled over the past 10 years. Having NAFLD during pregnancy increases risks for both the mother and the baby, including hypertensive complications of pregnancy, bleeding after delivery, and preterm birth. Thus, pre-conception counseling is warranted with consideration of high-risk obstetric management among women with NAFLD in pregnancy. © 2020 European Association for the Study of the Liver
Plastics derived endocrine-disrupting compounds and their effects on early development; Despite the fact that the estrogenic effects of bisphenols were first described 80 years ago, recent data about its potential negative impact on birth outcome parameters raises a strong rationale to investigate further. The adverse health effects of plastics recommend to measure the impacts of endocrine-disrupting compounds (EDCs) such as bisphenols (BPA, BPS, BPF), bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, and dibutyl phthalate (DBP) in human health. Exposure to these compounds in utero may program the diseases of the testis, prostate, kidney and abnormalities in the immune system, and cause tumors, uterine hemorrhage during pregnancy and polycystic ovary. These compounds also control the processes of epigenetic transgenerational inheritance of adult-onset diseases by modulating DNA methylation and epimutations in reproductive cells. The early developmental stage is the most susceptible window for developmental and genomic programming. The critical stages of the events for a normal human birth lie between the many transitions occurring between spermatogenesis, egg fertilization and the fully formed fetus. As the cells begin to grow and differentiate, there are critical balances of hormones, and protein synthesis. Data are emerging on how these plastic-derived compounds affect embryogenesis, placentation and feto-placental development since pregnant women and unborn fetuses are often exposed to these factors during preconception and throughout gestation. Impaired early development that ultimately influences fetal outcomes is at the center of many developmental disorders and contributes an independent risk factor for adult chronic diseases. This review will summarize the current status on the impact of exposure to plastic derived EDCs on the growth, gene expression, epigenetic and angiogenic activities of the early fetal development process and their possible effects on birth outcomes. © 2020 The Authors. Birth Defects Research published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Perilipin2 inhibits diabetic nephropathy-induced podocyte apoptosis by activating the PPARγ signaling pathway; Podocyte apoptosis plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy (DN). The main purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of perilipin2 on high glucose (HG)-induced podocyte apoptosis and associated mechanisms. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in BTBR ob/ob mice vs. nondiabetic mice kidneys were obtained from GSE106841 dataset and picked out using the ‘limma’ package. The protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed using the Search Tool for the Retrieval of Interacting Genes (STRING) and was visualized by Cytoscape. Perilipin2 was a hub gene using the cytoHubba plug-in from Cytoscape. Gene ontology (GO) analysis revealed that the 126 overlapping DEGs were mainly enriched in ‘oxidation reduction’ [biological process, (BP)], metal ion binding’ [molecular function, (MF)] and ‘extracellular region’ [cellular component, (CC)]. KEGG pathway analysis revealed that perilipin2 was mainly involved in ‘PPAR signaling pathway’. DN inhibited perilipin2 expression and PPARγ expression, as by both in vitro and in vivo studies. In vitro experiments demonstrated that perilipin2 inhibition could not only reduced PPARγ expression in podocytes, it could also promote the apoptosis, and inhibit the viability in HG treated podocytes using western blot, CCK8 and flow cytometry assays. Perilipin2 overexpression reversed the effects of HG on inhibiting podocalyxin, nephrin, precursor (pro)-caspase-3/-9 and PPARγ protein expression and increasing cleaved caspase-3/-9 protein expression. Furthermore, the functions of perilipin2 overexpression reversing HG-induced podocyte apoptosis were inhibited by PPARγ inhibitor. In conclusion, the functions of DN-induced podocyte apoptosis were inhibited by activation of the PPARγ signaling pathway caused by perilipin2 overexpression. © 2020
Involvement of TGF-β and Autophagy Pathways in Pathogenesis of Diabetes: A Comprehensive Review on Biological and Pharmacological Insights; Despite recent advancements in clinical drugs, diabetes treatment still needs further progress. As such, ongoing research has attempted to determine the precise molecular mechanisms of the disorder. Specifically, evidence supports that several signaling pathways play pivotal roles in the development of diabetes. However, the exact molecular mechanisms of diabetes still need to be explored. This study examines exciting new hallmarks for the strict involvement of autophagy and TGF-β signaling pathways in the pathogenesis of diabetes and the design of novel therapeutic strategies. Dysregulated autophagy in pancreatic β cells due to hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, and inflammation is associated with diabetes and accompanied by dysregulated autophagy in insulin target tissues and the progression of diabetic complications. Consequently, several therapeutic agents such as adiponectin, ezetimibe, GABA tea, geniposide, liraglutide, guava extract, and vitamin D were shown to inhibit diabetes and its complications through modulation of the autophagy pathway. Another pathway, TGF-β signaling pathway, appears to play a part in the progression of diabetes, insulin resistance, and autoimmunity in both type 1 and 2 diabetes and complications in diabetes. Subsequently, drugs that target TGF-β signaling, especially naturally derived ones such as resveratrol, puerarin, curcumin, hesperidin, and silymarin, as well as Propolis, Lycopus lucidus, and Momordica charantia extracts, may become promising alternatives to current drugs in diabetes treatment. This review provides keen insights into novel therapeutic strategies for the medical care of diabetes. © Copyright © 2020 Heydarpour, Sajadimajd, Mirzarazi, Haratipour, Joshi, Farzaei, Khan and Echeverría.
Anti-obesity effects of capsaicin and the underlying mechanisms: A review; Obesity and overweight have become serious health problems in the world and are linked to a variety of metabolic disorders. Phytochemicals with a weight-loss effect have been widely studied for the past few decades. Capsaicin is the major bioactive component in red chili peppers with many beneficial functions. Its anti-obesity effects have been evaluated extensively using different model systems, including cell models, animal models and human subjects. In this paper, anti-obesity effects of capsaicin are reviewed and the underlying mechanisms are characterized.  © 2020 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
In vivo: maternal betaine supplementation normalized fetal growth in diabetic pregnancy; Purpose: Diabetes alters maternal metabolism and can lead to aberrant fetal growth. In addition to insulin treatment, nutritional diet interventions are recommended for promoting fetal health against diabetes-induced adverse effects. Therefore, we conducted an in vivo study to investigate betaine efficacy on fetal development against maternal diabetes. Methods: Thirty-two dams were divided into four equal groups: control (C), betaine supplementation (BS), diabetic pregnancy (DP) and diabetic pregnancy plus betaine supplementation (DP + BS). Fasting blood sugar (FBS) and body weight (BW) were monitored during pregnancy. After physiological delivery, dams glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) concentrations were measured, followed by fetal development indices including litter size (LS), neonatal weight (NW) and crown-rump (CR). Also, maternal oxidative status was assessed by evaluating glutathione (GSH) content, glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and catalase (CAT) activities, and malondialdehyde (MDA) concentration in the erythrocytes. Results: Betaine supplementation significantly alleviated FBS and tended to recover BW loss. It also significantly decreased HbA1c values in dams of DP + BS compared to DP group. Normalized fetal indices such as LS, NW and CR under betaine supplementation were associated with a significant increase in GSH content and GSH-Px activity, as well as decreased MDA concentrations in erythrocytes of dams in the DP + BS versus the DP group, indicating improved redox balance in the dams. Conclusion: We indicated for the first time that betaine supplementation improved the maternal glucose metabolism and redox balance associated with normalized fetal growth. Nevertheless, further studies are required to investigate the mechanisms through which betaine protects fetal growth in diabetic pregnancy. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The Correlation Between RDW, MPV and Weight Indices After Metabolic Surgery in Patients with Obesity and DM/IGR: Follow-Up Observation at 12 Months; Introduction: Red blood cell distribution width (RDW) and mean platelet volume (MPV) are both new biomarkers for the prognosis of many diseases. This study aimed to observe the predictive values of RDW and MPV for weight loss after different metabolic surgeries in patients with obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism [diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose regulation (DM/IGR)]. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the body weight (BW), body mass index (BMI) and blood routine index of 98 patients with obesity and DM/IGR who underwent Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) or sleeve gastrectomy (SG). Results: Levels of RDW and MPV in both groups were significantly higher than before 1 month after surgery and then gradually decreased. Twelve months after surgery, the RDW level in the RYGB group was significantly lower than that before surgery. In the RYGB group, the RDW level of patients in the high-level percentage weight loss (%BW) (≥ 31.90) at 6 and 12 months after surgery decreased significantly compared to those in the corresponding low level. %BW and change in BW and BMI (ΔBW and ΔBMI) at 6 and 12 months after surgery in the high-level RDW (≥ 12.90) before surgery were significantly higher than those in the low level in the RYGB group. No significant difference in weight index was found in the high and low levels of the MPV before surgery in either group at other follow-up time points. Conclusions: Preoperative baseline RDW and postoperative RDW levels can preliminarily predict the effect of different metabolic surgeries in patients with obesity and DM/IGR. © 2020, The Author(s).
Validity of the association between periodontitis and female infertility conditions: A concise review; Hormones and inflammatory mechanisms are implicated with female reproductive function, including follicle maturation, ovulation, embryo implantation, and pregnancy. Periodontitis is a chronic inflammatory disease due to a polymicrobial disruption of the homeostasis and may be considered as a potential risk factor that affect female fertility. The role of periodontitis is becoming meaningful, with significant associations with polycystic ovary syndrome, endometriosis and bacterial vaginosis. Further, periodontitis is linked with known risk factors towards female infertility, such as age, obesity, and chronic kidney disease. This review aims to summarize the available evidence on the association between periodontitis and female infertility-associated conditions, and to discuss warranting steps in future research. © 2020 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Effect of dietary anthocyanins on biomarkers of glycemic control and glucose metabolism: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Anthocyanins, as natural food colorants, are bioactive substances with several health advantages. In this research, the effects of dietary anthocyanins on biomarkers of glycemic control and glucose metabolism was evaluated through a meta-analysis. The results revealed a significant reduction in levels of fasting blood sugar (FBS; −2.70 mg/dl, 95% CI: −4.70 to −1.31; P < 0.001), 2-h postprandial glucose (2-h PPG; −11.1 mg/dl, 95% CI: −18.7 to −3.48; P = 0.004), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c; −11.1 mg/dl, 95% CI: −18.7 to −3.48; P = 0.004), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; −0.54, 95% CI: −0.94 to −0.14; P = 0.008), resistin (−1.23 µg/l, 95% CI: −2.40 to −0.05; P = 0.041), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1; −5.09 µg/l, 95% CI: −9.45 to −0.73; P = 0.022) following administration of anthocyanins, whilst changes in the levels of fasting insulin (0.33 mU/l, 95% CI: −0.18 to 0.85; P = 0.207) and C-peptide (−0.02 µg/l, 95 %CI: −0.20 to 0.16; P = 0.816) was not statistically significant. Consumption of anthocyanins for >8 weeks and at doses >300 mg/day significantly reduced levels of FBS, 2-h PPG, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR. Moreover, anthocyanins administration reduced the levels of FBS, 2-h PPG, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR in type 2 diabetic subjects and HOMA-IR in overweight/obese individuals. Overall, dietary anthocyanins can be used as an adjuvant therapy to improve biomarkers of glycemic control and glucose metabolism specially in diabetic subjects. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Exposure to gestational diabetes enriches immune-related pathways in the transcriptome and methylome of human amniocytes; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 105: 1–15, 2020) © Endocrine Society 2020. All rights reserved.
Anti-inflammatory effects of sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors on atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is a very common macrovascular complication in type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease is the primary cause of death in diabetes patients. Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i) are a newly identified class of drugs targeting the renal proximal tubules to increase glucose excretion. Large-scale clinical trials have confirmed the cardiovascular protective effects of SGLT inhibitors in patients with diabetes diagnosed with or at a higher risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. In addition to its direct effect on glycemic control, the function of SGLT-2i in the alleviation of volume load, renal protection, and reduction of inflammation plays an essential role in its therapeutic effect on atherosclerosis. SGLT-2i are known to decrease the levels of inflammatory factors in circulation and in arteries in situ, inhibit foam cell formation and macrophage infiltration, and sustain plaque stability, ultimately blocking the development and progression of atherosclerosis. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Gestational diabetes: opportunities for improving maternal and child health; Gestational diabetes, the most common medical disorder in pregnancy, is defined as glucose intolerance resulting in hyperglycaemia that begins or is first diagnosed in pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with increased pregnancy complications and long-term metabolic risks for the woman and the offspring. However, the current diagnostic and management strategies recommended by national and international guidelines are mainly focused on short-term risks during pregnancy and delivery, except the Carpenter-Coustan criteria, which were based on the risk of future incidence of type 2 diabetes post-gestational diabetes. In this Personal View, first, we summarise the evidence for long-term risk in women with gestational diabetes and their offspring. Second, we suggest that a shift is needed in the thinking about gestational diabetes; moving from the perception of a short-term condition that confers increased risks of large babies to a potentially modifiable long-term condition that contributes to the growing burden of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic disorders in women and the future generation. Third, we propose how the current clinical practice might be improved. Finally, we outline and justify priorities for future research. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
The impact of maternal body composition and dietary fat consumption upon placental lipid processing and offspring metabolic health; The proportion of women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese is increasing globally. Gestational obesity is strongly associated in both human studies and animal models with early-onset development of adult-associated metabolic diseases including metabolic syndrome in the exposed offspring. However, animal model studies have suggested that gestational diet in obese pregnancies is an independent but underappreciated mediator of offspring risk for later life metabolic disease, and human diet consumption data have highlighted that many women do not follow nutritional guidelines prior to and during pregnancy. Thus, this review will highlight how maternal diet independent from maternal body composition impacts the risk for later-life metabolic disease in obesity-exposed offspring. A poor maternal diet, in combination with the obese metabolic state, are understood to facilitate pathological in utero programming, specifically through changes in lipid handling processes in the villous trophoblast layer of the placenta that promote an environment associated with the development of metabolic disease in the offspring. This review will additionally highlight how maternal obesity modulates villous trophoblast lipid processing functions including fatty acid transport, esterification and beta-oxidation. Further, this review will discuss how altering maternal gestational diet may ameliorate these functional changes in lipid metabolic processes in the obese placenta. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fetuin-A in Infants Born Small- or Large-for-Gestational-Age; Fetuin-A is a multifunctional glycoprotein that has been implicated in insulin resistance and bone metabolism. We assessed whether fetuin-A is associated with poor or excessive fetal growth. In the Shanghai Birth Cohort, we conducted a nested case-control study of 60 trios of small-for-gestational-age (SGA, birth weight <10th percentile), optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, 25–75th, the reference) and large-for-gestational-age (LGA, >90th percentile) infants matched by sex and gestational age. Cord plasma concentrations of fetuin-A and fetal growth factors [insulin, proinsulin, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and IGF-II] were measured. Cord plasma fetuin-A concentrations were higher in SGA (809.4 ± 306.9 μg/ml, P = 0.026) and LGA (924.2 ± 375.9 μg/ml, P < 0.001) relative to OGA (680.7 ± 262.1 μg/ml) newborns, and were not correlated to insulin, proinsulin, IGF-I and IGF-II (all P > 0.2). Higher fetuin-A concentrations were associated with increased risks of SGA [OR = 1.67 (1.08–2.58) per SD increment, P = 0.024] and LGA [OR = 2.36 (1.53–3.66), P < 0.001]. Adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics and fetal growth factors, the elevated risk changed little for LGA [adjusted OR = 2.28 (1.29–4.01), P = 0.005], but became non-significant for SGA (P = 0.202). Our study is the first to demonstrate that fetuin-A may be involved in excessive fetal growth. This association is independent of fetal growth factors. © Copyright © 2020 Wang, Wang, Yang, Dong, He, Fang, Huang, Yu, Zhang, Zhao, Zheng, Huang, Zhang, Ouyang and Luo.
Scientific evidence underlying contraindications to the ketogenic diet: An update; First identified as a feasible treatment for intractable epilepsy, the ketogenic diet (KD) has recently gained popularity thanks to growing evidence on applications such as weight loss, most importantly, but also NAFLD, cancer, neurologic conditions and chronic pain. As with any treatment, whether pharmacologic or not, the KD might not be an appropriate intervention for every individual, and a number of contraindications have been proposed, now deeply rooted into clinical practice, excluding de facto many patients that could benefit from its use. However, many of these concerns were expressed due to the absence of clinical studies conducted on fragile populations, and an assessment of lately emerged evidence relative to KD safety is currently lacking and much needed. We herein provide a critical revision of the literature behind each safety alert, in order to guide through the treatment options in the case of subjects with an indication to the KD and a borderline safe situation. Based on available evidence, the possible use of this diet as a therapeutic intervention should be assessed on a patient-to-patient basis by adequately skilled medical doctors, keeping in mind current recommendations, but reading them through the knowledge of the current state of the art. © 2020 The Authors. Obesity Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of World Obesity Federation
Lifetime duration of lactation and chronic inflammation among middle-aged women with a history of gestational diabetes; Introduction Longer duration of lactation is associated with lower cardiometabolic disease risk, but pathogenic pathways involved in the disease progression are unclear, especially among high-risk women. We aimed to examine the associations of lifetime lactation duration with cardiometabolic biomarkers among middle-aged women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM). Research design and methods Women with a history of GDM participating in the Nurses' Health Study II, a prospective cohort study, were identified and followed through biennial questionnaires beginning in 1991. Lactation history was asked in three follow-up questionnaires to calculate lifetime duration. In 2012-2014, fasting blood samples were collected through the Diabetes & Women's Health Study to measure inflammatory (C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL) 6), liver enzyme (alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, and gamma-glutamyl transferase), and lipid biomarkers (total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Results At follow-up blood collection, women were at median age 58.2 (95% CI 51 to 65) years and 26.3 (95% CI 15.7 to 34.1) years since GDM index pregnancy. After multiple adjustment including prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), longer duration of lactation was significantly associated with lower CRP (least squares (LS) mean 1.90 mg/L (95% CI 1.47 to 2.45) for 0-month lactation, 1.98 mg/L (95% CI 1.68 to 2.32) for up to 12-month lactation, 1.67 mg/L (95% CI 1.42 to 1.97) for 12-24 month lactation, and 1.39 mg/L (95% CI 1.19 to 1.62) for >24-month lactation; p trend=0.003) and IL-6 (1.25 pg/L (95% CI 0.94 to 1.68), 1.19 pg/L (95% CI 0.99 to 1.42), 1.04 pg/L (95% CI 0.87 to 1.25), and 0.93 pg/L (95% CI 0.78 to 1.11); p trend=0.04). Longer duration of lactation was associated with lower risk for chronic inflammation using CRP 3 mg/L cut-off in middle-aged women (OR 0.81 (95% CI 0.69 to 0.940 per 1-year increase) with multiple adjustment. Conclusions Longer lifetime duration of lactation was associated with favorable inflammatory biomarker concentrations in middle-aged women with a history of GDM. Chronic inflammatory pathways may be responsible for previously reported associations between lactation and long-term risk for cardiometabolic diseases.  © 2020 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Inhibition of fatty acid binding protein 4 attenuates gestational diabetes mellitus; Accumulatig evidence demonstrated that inflammation is associated with the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) was reported to be involved in immune response. However, the effect of FABP4 in GDM remians unclear. This study focused on the effect of FABP4 in GDM. C57BL/KsJdb/+ (db/+) mice were used for GDM mouse model . BMS-309403 (BMS) was used to inhibit FABP4 levels in GDM mouse model. IL-6 and TNF-α concentrations in serum were determined via ELISA. Serum glucose and insulin concentrations were tested using commercial glucometer and mouse insulin ELISA kit, respectively. IL-6 and TNF-α mRNA and protein levels were detected using RT-PCR and western blot, respectively. FABP4 levels were upregulated in GDM group compared with control group and were positively associated with serum IL-6 and TNF-α levels. FABP4 inhibition by BMS significantly decreased body weight and serum glucose concentrations, increasd serum insulin concentration, suppressed IL-6 and TNF-α expression both in the serum and the pancreas, enhanced little size and inhibited birth weight in GDM mouse model. Inhibition of FABP4 attenuates GDM in genetic mice. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Characterization of the inflammatory-metabolic phenotype of heart failure with a preserved ejection fraction: a hypothesis to explain influence of sex on the evolution and potential treatment of the disease; Accumulating evidence points to the existence of an inflammatory-metabolic phenotype of heart failure with a preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF), which is characterized by biomarkers of inflammation, an expanded epicardial adipose tissue mass, microvascular endothelial dysfunction, normal-to-mildly increased left ventricular volumes and systolic blood pressures, and possibly, altered activity of adipocyte-associated inflammatory mediators. A broad range of adipogenic metabolic and systemic inflammatory disorders – e.g. obesity, diabetes and metabolic syndrome as well as rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis – can cause this phenotype, independent of the presence of large vessel coronary artery disease. Interestingly, when compared with men, women are both at greater risk of and may suffer greater cardiac consequences from these systemic inflammatory and metabolic disorders. Women show disproportionate increases in left ventricular filling pressures following increases in central blood volume and have greater arterial stiffness than men. Additionally, they are particularly predisposed to epicardial and intramyocardial fat expansion and imbalances in adipocyte-associated proinflammatory mediators. The hormonal interrelationships seen in inflammatory-metabolic phenotype may explain why mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists and neprilysin inhibitors may be more effective in women than in men with HFpEF. Recognition of the inflammatory-metabolic phenotype may improve an understanding of the pathogenesis of HFpEF and enhance the ability to design clinical trials of interventions in this heterogeneous syndrome. © 2020 The Authors. European Journal of Heart Failure published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Society of Cardiology.
Environmental Endocrine-Disrupting Chemical Exposure: Role in Non-Communicable Diseases; The exponential growth of pollutant discharges into the environment due to increasing industrial and agricultural activities is a rising threat for human health and a biggest concern for environmental health globally. Several synthetic chemicals, categorized as potential environmental endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), are evident to affect the health of not only livestock and wildlife but also humankind. In recent years, human exposure to environmental EDCs has received increased awareness due to their association with altered human health as documented by several epidemiological and experimental studies. EDCs are associated with deleterious effects on male and female reproductive health; causes diabetes, obesity, metabolic disorders, thyroid homeostasis and increase the risk of hormone-sensitive cancers. Sewage effluents are a major source of several EDCs, which eventually reach large water bodies and potentially contaminate the drinking water supply. Similarly, water storage material such as different types of plastics also leaches out EDCs in drinking Water. Domestic wastewater containing pharmaceutical ingredients, metals, pesticides and personal care product additives also influences endocrine activity. These EDCs act via various receptors through a variety of known and unknown mechanisms including epigenetic modification. They differ from classic toxins in several ways such as low-dose effect, non-monotonic dose and trans-generational effects. This review aims to highlight the hidden burden of EDCs on human health and discusses the non-classical toxic properties of EDCs in an attempt to understand the magnitude of the exposome on human health. Present data on the environmental EDCs advocate that there may be associations between human exposure to EDCs and several undesirable health outcomes that warrants further human bio-monitoring of EDCs. © Copyright © 2020 Kumar, Sarma, Shubham, Kumawat, Verma, Prakash and Tiwari.
Perspective: The Potential Effects of Naringenin in COVID-19; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), caused by Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2), was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020. Severe COVID-19 cases develop severe acute respiratory syndrome, which can result in multiple organ failure, sepsis, and death. The higher risk group includes the elderly and subjects with pre-existing chronic illnesses such as obesity, hypertension, and diabetes. To date, no specific treatment or vaccine is available for COVID-19. Among many compounds, naringenin (NAR) a flavonoid present in citrus fruits has been investigated for antiviral and anti-inflammatory properties like reducing viral replication and cytokine production. In this perspective, we summarize NAR potential anti-inflammatory role in COVID-19 associated risk factors and SARS-CoV-2 infection. © Copyright © 2020 Alberca, Teixeira, Beserra, de Oliveira, Andrade, Pietrobon and Sato.
Evaluation of dietary pattern in early pregnancy using the FIGO Nutrition Checklist compared to a food frequency questionnaire; Objective: To evaluate the reliability and utility of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify dietary and nutritional inadequacy in early pregnancy by comparing it against nutritional indicators and dietary quality indices (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH] score, Mediterranean Diet Score [MDS], and Dietary Quality Index-International [DQI-I]), derived by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Methods: A prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women randomly recruited between September 2017 and April 2018 at their first antenatal appointment. Women completed the FIGO Nutrition Checklist (translated into Chinese) and the FFQ. Spearman correlation was performed to examine association between the Checklist and dietary quality indices or food and nutrient intakes, calculated based on dietary data from the FFQ. Results: Of 160 participants, 156 (97.5%) completed both the FIGO Nutrition Checklist and FFQ and were included. There were 148 (95%) women who reported at least one suboptimal dietary behavior using the Checklist. Checklist score was significantly associated with dietary quality indices (DASH ρ=0.344, P<0.001; DQI-I ρ=0.304, P<0.001; MDS ρ=0.164, P=0.041). The Checklist question on fruit/vegetables was significantly associated with fiber, vitamin C, and fruit and vegetable intake as calculated from the FFQ (0.325 ≤ ρ ≤0.441, P<0.001). The question on dairy intake was significantly associated with intake of calcium, milk and dairy products captured via FFQ (0.576 ≤ ρ ≤0.655, P<0.001). Conclusion: This study supports the use of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify women with suboptimal dietary quality in early pregnancy. © 2020 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology and Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics
CD44, a Predominant Protein in Methylglyoxal-Induced Secretome of Muscle Cells, is Elevated in Diabetic Plasma; Methylglyoxal (MG), a glycolytic intermediate and reactive dicarbonyl, is responsible for exacerbation of insulin resistance and diabetic complication. In this study, MG-induced secretome of rat muscle cells was identified and relatively quantified by SWATH-MS. A total of 643 proteins were identified in MG-induced secretome, of which 82 proteins were upregulated and 99 proteins were downregulated by more than 1.3-fold in SWATH analysis. Further, secretory proteins from the classical secretory pathway and nonclassical secretory pathway were identified using SignalP and SecretomeP, respectively. A total of 180 proteins were identified with SignalP, and 113 proteins were identified with SecretomeP. The differentially expressed proteins were functionally annotated by KEGG pathway analysis using Cytoscape software with plugin clusterMaker. The differentially expressed proteins were found to be involved in various pathways like extracellular matrix (ECM)-receptor interaction, leukocyte transendothelial migration, fluid shear stress and atherosclerosis, complement and coagulation cascades, and lysosomal pathway. Since the MG levels are high in diabetic conditions, the presence of MG-induced secreted proteins was inspected by profiling human plasma of healthy and diabetic subjects (n = 10 each). CD44, a predominant MG-induced secreted protein, was found to be elevated in the diabetic plasma and to have a role in the development of insulin resistance.  © 2020 American Chemical Society.
One year’s treatment with the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist liraglutide decreases hepatic fat content in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and prior gestational diabetes mellitus in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial; Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Treatment with glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists has shown beneficial effects in NAFLD patients. We evaluated the effect of the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide on NAFLD features in women with pGDM. Eighty-two overweight/obese, nondiabetic women with pGDM were included. We performed abdominal ultrasound, transient elastography with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), and blood sampling at baseline and after 1 year. Thirty-seven women were randomized to liraglutide (1.8 mg once-daily) and 45 to placebo. Based on the ultrasound scan, 18 women (22%) had ultrasound-verified NAFLD at baseline and of these, 10 (56%) received liraglutide treatment. After 1 year, eight participants no longer had steatosis, four in each treatment group. The number of participants who developed NAFLD was similar in the two treatment groups; five in the liraglutide group and six in the placebo group (p = 0.74). Compared to placebo, liraglutide reduced the CAP-assessed intrahepatic fat content (−28 (−44;−11) vs. 2 (−13;18) dB/m, p < 0.01) and body weight (−4.7 (−6.4;−2.9) vs. −1.4 (−3;0.3) kg, p < 0.01). One-year’s liraglutide treatment had no effect on the presence of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD in overweight/obese nondiabetic women with pGDM, but reduced body weight and steatosis assessed by transient elastography with CAP. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Low and reduced carbohydrate diets: Challenges and opportunities for type 2 diabetes management and prevention; Low-carbohydrate diets (LCD) have been promoted for weight control and type 2 diabetes (T2D) management, based on an emerging body of evidence, including meta-analyses with an indication of publication bias. Proposed definitions vary between 50 and 130 g/d, or <10 and <40 % of energy from carbohydrate, with no consensus on LCD compositional criteria. LCD are usually followed with limited consideration for other macronutrients in the overall diet composition, introducing variance in the constituent foods and in metabolic responses. For weight management, extensive evidence supports LCD as a valid weight loss treatment, up to 1-2 years. Solely lowering carbohydrate intake does not, in the medium/long term, reduce HbA1c for T2D prevention or treatment, as many mechanisms interplay. Under controlled feeding conditions, LCD are not physiologically or clinically superior to diets with higher carbohydrates for weight-loss, fat loss, energy expenditure or glycaemic outcomes; indeed, all metabolic improvements require weight loss. Long-term evidence also links the LCD pattern to increased CVD risks and mortality. LCD can lead to micronutrient deficiencies and increased LDL-cholesterol, depending on food selection to replace carbohydrates. Evidence is limited but promising regarding food choices/sources to replace high-carbohydrate foods that may alleviate the negative effects of LCD, demanding further insight into the dietary practice of medium to long term LCD followers. Long-term, high-quality studies of LCD with different food sources (animal and/or plant origins) are needed, aiming for clinical endpoints (T2D incidence and remission, cardiovascular events, mortality). Ensuring micronutrient adequacy by food selection or supplementation should be considered for people who wish to pursue long-term LCD.  © 2020 The Authors.
Developmental Programming of NAFLD by Parental Obesity; The surge of obesity across generations has become an increasingly relevant issue, with consequences for associated comorbidities in offspring. Data from longitudinal birth cohort studies support an association between maternal obesity and offspring nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), suggesting that perinatal obesity or obesogenic diet exposure reprograms offspring liver and increases NAFLD susceptibility. In preclinical models, offspring exposed to maternal obesogenic diet have increased hepatic steatosis after diet-induced obesity; however, the implications for later NAFLD development and progression are still unclear. Although some models show increased NAFLD incidence and progression in offspring, development of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis with fibrosis may be model dependent. Multigenerational programming of NAFLD phenotypes occurs after maternal obesogenic diet exposure; however, the mechanisms for such programming remain poorly understood. Likewise, emerging data on the role of paternal obesity in offspring NAFLD development reveal incomplete mechanisms. This review will explore the impact of parental obesity and obesogenic diet exposure on offspring NAFLD and areas for further investigation, including the impact of parental diet on disease progression, and consider potential interventions in preclinical models. © 2020 The Authors. Hepatology Communications published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Correlation Between Fecal Metabolomics and Gut Microbiota in Obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Objective: This study aimed to explore the relationship between the fecal metabolites and gut microbiota in obese patients with PCOS and provide a new strategy to elucidate the pathological mechanism of obesity and PCOS. Methods: The fecal samples of obese patients with PCOS (n = 18) and obese women without PCOS (n = 15) were analyzed by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and untargeted metabolomics. The peripheral venous blood of all subjects was collected to detect serum sex hormones. The association among fecal metabolites, gut microbiota, and serum sex hormones was analyzed with the R language. Results: A total of 122 named differential fecal metabolites and 18 enrichment KEGG pathways were obtained between the groups. Seven fecal metabolites can be used as characteristic metabolites, including DHEA sulfate. The richness and diversity of gut microbiota in the obese PCOS group were lower than those in the control group. Lachnoclostridium, Fusobacterium, Coprococcus_2, and Tyzzerela 4 were the characteristic genera of the obese patients with PCOS. Serum T level significantly and positively correlated with the abundance of fecal DHEA sulfate (p < 0.05), and serum DHEAS level significantly and negatively correlated with the abundance of fecal teasterone (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Specific fecal metabolites may be used as characteristic metabolites for obese patients with PCOS. The closely relationship among gut microbiota, fecal metabolites, and serum sex hormones may play a role in the related changes caused by hyperandrogenemia. © Copyright © 2020 Zhou, Ni, Yu, Cheng, Cai and Yu.
Chemical identity and cardiovascular toxicity of hydrophobic organic components in PM2.5; Numerous experimental and epidemiological studies have demonstrated that exposure to PM2.5 may result in pathogenesis of several major cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), which can be attributed to the combined adverse effects induced by the complicated components of PM2.5. Organic materials, which are major components of PM2.5, contain thousands of chemicals, and most of them are environmental hazards. However, the contamination profile and contribution to overall toxicity of PM2.5-bound organic components (OCs) have not been thoroughly evaluated yet. Herein, we aim to provide an overview of the literature on PM2.5-bound hydrophobic OCs, with an emphasis on the chemical identity and reported impairments on the cardiovascular system, including the potential exposure routes and mechanisms. We first provide an update on the worldwide mass concentration and composition data of PM2.5, and then, review the contamination profile of PM2.5-bound hydrophobic OCs, including constitution, concentration, distribution, formation, source, and identification. In particular, the link between exposure to PM2.5-bound hydrophobic OCs and CVDs and its possible underlying mechanisms are discussed to evaluate the possible risks of PM2.5-bound hydrophobic OCs on the cardiovascular system and to provide suggestions for future studies. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Changes in the transcriptional activity of the lymphocyte homing regulatory genes madcam1, Cxcr3, Ccr7 and S1pr1 affect structure of the population of T-bet+, Rorγt+ and Foxp3+ cells in mesenteric lymph nodes in offspring of rats with experimental gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Maternal hyperglycemia may violate peripheral immunological tolerance (PIT) formation to pancreatic antigens; antigen administration stimulates PIT. Mesenteric lymph nodes (MLN) are transition point for recirculating lymphocytes of gastrointestinal associated lymphoid tissue (GALT) and the location for PIT induction. Homing of lymphocytes in MLN is regulated by MAdCAM-1, CXCR4 and CCR7, while S1PR1 activates T-cell exit from MLN. We aimed to evaluate mRNA expression of these genes and their effect on the distribution of Th1-, Th17-, and Treg-cells in MLN of the rat offspring with experimental gestational diabetes (EGD) with oral insulin administration. Material and method: We studied one and six months old male offspring of Wistar rats with EGD, which received insulin orally for the first 14 days of life. RT-PCR method was used for Madcam1, Cxcr4, Ccr7 and S1pr1 mRNA expression measurements in MLN. The structure of T-bet+, Rorγt+, Foxp3+ cell population was studied using histological sections of MLN, morphometric and densitometric characteristics. Results: An increase of CCR7 and MAdCAM-1 mRNA in offspring of animals with EGD indicated activation of the GALT immune cells, which is accompanied by intensification of lymphocytes homing, while no changes were observed in CXCR4 expression. Increased expression of S1PR1 confirms its role in diabetes. Chemokine receptors affect the activation of different Th cells subsets with their pivotal role in diabetes type 1, through violation of oral tolerance. A significant increase in Th1 and Th17 cell population was observed in the offspring of rats with EGD. Conclusions: The changes in mRNA expression of the lymphocyte “homing” regulators in MLN affected the distribution of Th1-, Th17- and Treg-cells in the offspring of rats which parents had EGD. The development of oral insulin tolerance is accompanied by a decrease in the relative normalized mRNA number of Ccr7, Madcam1 and S1pr1 genes in MLN cells. © 2020 Sciendo. All rights reserved.
A Retrospective Study Examining Phentermine on Preconception Weight Loss and Pregnancy Outcomes; Objective: Obesity is a well-known risk factor for infertility. However, the use of weight loss medications prior to conception is underutilized. The objectives of our study are to describe weight loss, pregnancy rates, and live birth rates after short-term phentermine use in women with obesity and infertility. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of 55 women (18 to 45 years old) who were overweight or obese, diagnosed with infertility, and prescribed phentermine for weight loss in an ambulatory endocrinology clinic at a single, tertiary level academic medical center. Main outcome measures were mean percent weight change at 3 months after starting phentermine, and pregnancy, and live birth rates from start of phentermine to June 30, 2017. Results: Median duration of phentermine use was 70 days (Q1, Q3 &lsqb;33, 129]). Mean ± SD percent weight change at 3 months after starting phentermine was -5.3 ± 4.1% (P<.001). The pregnancy rate was 60% and the live birth rate was 49%. There was no significant difference in pregnancy rates (52% versus 68%; P =.23) or live birth rates (44% versus 54%; P =.50) in women who lost ≥5% versus <5% of their baseline weight. The number of metabolic comorbidities was negatively associated with the pregnancy rate. Phentermine was generally well-tolerated with no serious adverse events. Conclusion: Phentermine can produce clinically significant weight loss in women with obesity during the preconception period. Higher pregnancy or live birth rates were not observed with a greater degree of weight loss with phentermine. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Alt trends through childhood and adolescence associated with hepatic steatosis at 24 years: A population-based UK cohort study; (1) Background: Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is used to screen for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in children; however, the optimal age to commence screening is not determined. Our objective was to describe whether ALT trends from 9–24 years were associated with hepatic steatosis at 24 years in a population-based UK cohort. (2) Methods: The sample included 1156 participants who were assessed for hepatic steatosis at 24 years and had at least two ALT measurements at 9, 15, 17, and/or 24 years. Controlled attenuation parameter scores were used to assess steatosis (low (<248 dB/m), mild/moderate (248–279 dB/m), severe (>279 dB/m)). Sex-stratified mixed-effects models were constructed to assess the liver enzyme trends by steatosis level. (3) Results: The final sample was 41.4% male and 10.4% had severe steatosis. In both sexes, ALT trends from 9 to 24 years differed in those with low vs. severe steatosis at 24 years (p < 0.001). There was no evidence of differences prior to puberty. At 17 years, the low vs. severe geometric mean ratio (GMR) was 0.69, 95% CI: 0.57–0.85 in males and (0.81, 0.65–1.01) females. At 24 years, the GMR was (0.53, 0.42–0.66) in males and (0.67, 0.54–0.84) females. (4) Conclusions: Higher ALT concentration in adolescence was associated with hepatic steatosis at 24 years. The increased screening of adolescents could strengthen NAFLD prevention and treatment efforts. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
SIRT3 deficiency is resistant to autophagy-dependent ferroptosis by inhibiting the AMPK/mTOR pathway and promoting GPX4 levels; Ferroptosis, an autophagy-dependent cell death, is characterized by lipid peroxidation and iron accumulation, closely associated with pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Sirtuin 3 (SIRT3) has positive regulation on phosphorylation of activated protein kinase (AMPK), related to maintenance of cellular redox homeostasis. However, whether SIRT3 can confer autophagy by activating the AMPK-mTOR pathway and consequently promote induction of ferroptosis is unknown. We used human trophoblastic cell line HTR8/SVneo and porcine trophoblastic cell line pTr2 to deterimine the mechanism of SIRT3 on autophagy and ferroptosis. The expression of SIRT3 protein was significantly elevated in trophoblastic cells exposed to high concentrations of glucose and ferroptosis-inducing compounds. Increased SIRT3 expression contributed to classical ferroptotic events and autophagy activation, whereas SIRT3 silencing led to resistance against both ferroptosis and autophagy. In addition, autophagy inhibition impaired SIRT3-enhanced ferroptosis. On the contrary, autophagy induction had a synergistic effect with SIRT3. Based on mechanistic investigations, SIRT3 depletion inhibited activation of the AMPK-mTOR pathway and enhanced glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) level, thereby suppressing autophagy and ferroptosis. Furthermore, depletion of AMPK blocked induction of ferroptosis in trophoblasts. We concluded that upregulated SIRT3-enhanced autophagy activation by promoting AMPK-mTOR pathway and decreasing GPX4 level to induce ferroptosis in trophoblastic cells. SIRT3 deficiency was resistant to high glucose- and erastin-induced autophagy-dependent ferroptosis and is, therefore, a potential therapeutic approach for treating GDM. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The biomedical uses of inositols: A nutraceutical approach to metabolic dysfunction in aging and neurodegenerative diseases; Inositols are sugar-like compounds that are widely distributed in nature and are a part of membrane molecules, participating as second messengers in several cell-signaling processes. Isolation and characterization of inositol phosphoglycans containing myo- or d-chiro-inositol have been milestones for understanding the physiological regulation of insulin signaling. Other functions of inositols have been derived from the existence of multiple stereoisomers, which may confer antioxidant properties. In the brain, fluctuation of inositols in extracellular and intracellular compartments regulates neuronal and glial activity. Myo-inositol imbalance is observed in psychiatric diseases and its use shows efficacy for treatment of depression, anxiety, and compulsive disorders. Epi- and scyllo-inositol isomers are capable of stabilizing non-toxic forms of ß-amyloid proteins, which are characteristic of Alzheimer's disease and cognitive dementia in Down's syndrome, both associated with brain insulin resistance. However, uncertainties of the intrinsic mechanisms of inositols regarding their biology are still unsolved. This work presents a critical review of inositol actions on insulin signaling, oxidative stress, and endothelial dysfunction, and its potential for either preventing or delaying cognitive impairment in aging and neurodegenerative diseases. The biomedical uses of inositols may represent a paradigm in the industrial approach perspective, which has generated growing interest for two decades, accompanied by clinical trials for Alzheimer's disease. © 2020 by the authors.
Animal based low carbohydrate diet is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes in Tehranian adults; Background: To investigate the association of low carbohydrate diet (LCD) score with the risk of type 2 diabetes among adults. Methods: This cohort study was conducted on 4356 healthy participants aged ≥ 19 years old, who were followed-up for a mean duration of 3 years within the framework of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. LCD score was calculated using a food frequency questionnaire according to intake of carbohydrate, protein, and fat at baseline. Diabetes was defined according to the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. Multivariable logistic regression models, adjusted for potential confounders, were used to estimate risk of diabetes across quartiles of LCD score. Results: Mean ± SD age of the study participants (44.4% men) was 40.5 ± 13.0 years. The median (25-75 interquartile range) of LCD score was 17.0 (12.0-21.0) and after a 3 year follow-up period, 123 (2.8%) incident cases of diabetes were ascertained. After adjustment for confounding variables, including age, sex, smoking status, physical activity, total calorie intake, saturated fatty acid, waist circumference, educational level, and family history of diabetes, the multivariable-adjusted ORs (95% CIs) of type 2 diabetes, comparing the highest with the lowest quartiles, were 2.16 (1.16-4.04) for total LCD score (P-value = 0.015), 1.81 (1.06-3.11) for animal-based LCD score (P-value = 0.029), and 1.47 (0.85-2.52) for plant-based LCD score (P-value = 0.160). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that a higher adherence to LCD, mostly with higher intakes of protein and fat from animal-source foods, can increase the incidence of diabetes; however, a plant-based low-carbohydrate dietary pattern is not significantly associated with risk of type 2 diabetes.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Glyburide Regulates UCP1 Expression in Adipocytes Independent of KATP Channel Blockade; Human Metabolism; Molecular Biology © 2020 The Authors; Identification of safe and effective compounds to increase or activate UCP1 expression in brown or white adipocytes remains a potent therapeutic strategy to combat obesity. Here we reported that, glyburide, one of the FDA-approved drugs currently used to treat type 2 diabetes, can significantly enhance UCP1 expression in both brown and white adipocytes. Glyburide-fed mice exhibited a clear resistance to high-fat diet-induced obesity, reduced blood triglyceride level, and increased UCP1 expression in brown adipose tissue. Moreover, in situ injection of glyburide to inguinal white adipose tissue remarkably enhanced UCP1 expression and increased thermogenesis. Further mechanistic studies indicated that the glyburide effect in UCP1 expression in adipocytes was KATP channel independent but may involve the regulation of the Ca2+-Calcineurin-NFAT signal pathway. Overall, our findings revealed the significant effects of glyburide in regulating UCP1 expression and thermogenesis in adipocytes, which can be potentially repurposed to treat obesity. © 2020 The Authors
Analysis of the intricate effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids and polyphenols on inflammatory pathways in health and disease; Prevention and treatment of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, cancer, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, arthritis, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and various infectious diseases; lately most notably COVID-19 have been in the front line of research worldwide. Although targeting different organs, these pathologies have common biochemical impairments – redox disparity and, prominently, dysregulation of the inflammatory pathways. Research data have shown that diet components like polyphenols, poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), fibres as well as lifestyle (fasting, physical exercise) are important factors influencing signalling pathways with a significant potential to improve metabolic homeostasis and immune cells' functions. In the present manuscript we have reviewed scientific data from recent publications regarding the beneficial cellular and molecular effects induced by dietary plant products, mainly polyphenolic compounds and PUFAs, and summarize the clinical outcomes expected from these types of interventions, in a search for effective long-term approaches to improve the immune system response. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Effect of a physical exercise program on physical fitness and visceral fat in people with obesity; Background. Obesity can be defined as an imbalance between calorie intake and energy expenditure as a result weight gain. Currently is accepted that obesity is one of the major social and health problems worldwide and its prevalence is continuously increasing. Visceral fat is considered as a pathogenic factor in obesity. Objective. The main was to evaluate the effect of concurrent training on physical fitness in people with obesity, body composition and visceral fat area. Methods. 30 obese people participated in this study. They conducted an adapted and controlled concurrent training program during eight weeks. Physical fitness tests (muscular resistance, cardiorespiratory fitness, flexibility) and body composition measure were applied before and after the intervention period. Results. Improvement was observed on physical fitness variables. Muscle strength, both in the lower extremities (p =.001) and upper extremities (right arm p =.001 and left arm p =.002). Also, the walking speed (p =.001) and agility (p =.001) increased significantly. All body composition variables improved significantly. While fat mass, body weight, BMI and visceral fat area decreased considerably (p <.001), fat free mass and muscle mass increased significantly (p =.001). Conclusion. Concurrent training program improves significantly body composition in obese people, which are related with levels muscular strength enhanced, and conduces significant decrease in visceral fat. Keywords. Obesity. Physical exercise. Body composition. Visceral fat. Senior Fitness Test. © Copyright: Federación Española de Asociaciones de Docentes de Educación Física (FEADEF)
Women's multisite microbial modulation during pregnancy; The composition of female microbiome varies with age, physiological and socio-behavior conditions. Also, changes in microbiome composition are observed as pregnancy progresses, especially in the vaginal site. Together with the physiological adaptations of gestation, changes in microbiome composition seem to be fundamental for proper fetal development. This study aimed at simultaneously evaluating the vaginal, gut, and oral microbiome of healthy pregnant women, and comparing it with those observed in healthy non-pregnant women of reproductive age. In a cross-sectional study, vaginal, oral and gut samples were collected from 42 pregnant and 18 non-pregnant women, and the microbiome composition was evaluated by 16S rRNA sequencing, using Illumina platform. In the pregnant group, we observed a positive correlation between Eubacterium and Akkermansia in the gut samples; between Eubacterium and Ruminococcus in the vaginal samples; and between Streptococcus and Gemella in the oral samples. Notwithstanding, we observed a negative correlation between Lactobacillus and Atopobium and between Lactobacillus and Gardnerella in vaginal microbiome. Prevotella was the only genus found in all three sites studied; however, there was no signal of bacterial influence between sites during pregnancy. These results suggest that in addition to hormonal and immunological variations during healthy pregnancy, the female body also undergoes microbiome modulation in multiple sites in order to maintain an eubiotic status. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Probiotics: Versatile bioactive components in promoting human health; The positive impact of probiotic strains on human health has become more evident than ever before. Often delivered through food, dietary products, supplements, and drugs, different legislations for safety and efficacy issues have been prepared. Furthermore, regulatory agencies have addressed various approaches toward these products, whether they authorize claims mentioning a disease’s diagnosis, prevention, or treatment. Due to the diversity of bacteria and yeast strains, strict approaches have been designed to assess for side effects and post-market surveillance. One of the most essential delivery systems of probiotics is within food, due to the great beneficial health effects of this system compared to pharmaceutical products and also due to the increasing importance of food and nutrition. Modern lifestyle or various diseases lead to an imbalance of the intestinal flora. Nonetheless, as the amount of probiotic use needs accurate calculations, different factors should also be taken into consideration. One of the novelties of this review is the presentation of the beneficial effects of the administration of probiotics as a potential adjuvant therapy in COVID-19. Thus, this paper provides an integrative overview of different aspects of probiotics, from human health care applications to safety, quality, and control. © 2020 by the authors.
Beyond fish oil supplementation: The effects of alternative plant sources of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids upon lipid indexes and cardiometabolic biomarkers—an overview; Cardiovascular diseases remain a global challenge, and lipid-associated biomarkers can predict cardiovascular events. Extensive research on cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFAs) is geared towards fish oil supplementation and fish-rich diets. Nevertheless, vegetarianism and veganism are becoming more popular across all segments of society, due to reasons as varied as personal, ethical and religious values, individual preferences and environment-related principles, amongst others. Due to the essentiality of PUFAs, plant sources of n3-PUFAs warrant further consideration. In this review, we have critically appraised the efficacy of plant-derived n3-PUFAs from foodstuffs and supplements upon lipid profile and selected cardiometabolic markers. Walnuts and flaxseed are the most common plant sources of n3-PUFAs, mainly alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and feature the strongest scientific rationale for applicability into clinical practice. Furthermore, walnuts and flaxseed are sources of fibre, potassium, magnesium, and non-essential substances, including polyphenols and sterols, which in conjunction are known to ameliorate cardiovascular metabolism. ALA levels in rapeseed and soybean oils are only slight when compared to flaxseed oil. Spirulina and Chlorella, biomasses of cyanobacteria and green algae, are important sources of n3-PUFAs; however, their benefits upon cardiometabolic markers are plausibly driven by their antioxidant potential combined with their n3-PUFA content. In humans, ALA is not sufficiently bioconverted into eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids. However, evidence suggests that plant sources of ALA are associated with favourable cardiometabolic status. ALA supplementation, or increased consumption of ALA-rich foodstuffs, combined with reduced omega-6 (n6) PUFAs intake, could improve the n3/n6 ratio and improve cardiometabolic and lipid profile. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Are marine n-3 fatty acids protective towards insulin resistance? From cell to human; Marine n-3 fatty acids improve most of the biochemical alterations associated with insulin resistance (IR). Experimental models of dietary-induced IR in rodents have shown their ability (often at a very high dose) to prevent IR, but with sometimes a tissue specific effect. However, in a high sucrose diet-induced IR rat model, they are unable to reverse IR once installed; in other rodent models (dexamethasone, Zucker rats), they are inefficacious perhaps because of the severity of IR. The very low incidence of type-2 diabetes (T2D) in Inuits in the 1960s, which largely increased over the following decades in parallel to the replacement of their traditional marine food for a western diet strongly suggests a protective effect of marine n-3 towards the risk of T2D; this was confirmed by reversal of its incidence in intervention studies reintroducing their traditional food. In healthy subjects and insulin-resistant non-diabetic patients, most trials and meta-analyses conclude to an insulin-sensitising effect and to a very probable preventive or alleviating effect towards IR. Concerning the risk of T2D, concordant data allow us to conclude the protective effect of marine n-3 in Asians while suspicion exists of an aggravation of risk in Westerners, but with the possibility that it could be explained by a high heterogeneity of studies performed in this population. Some longitudinal cohorts in US/European people showed no association or a decreased risk. Further studies using more homogeneous doses, sources of n-3 and assessment of insulin sensitivity methods are required to better delineate their effects in Westerners.  © 2020 The Author.
Gut Microbiome Critically Impacts PCB-induced Changes in Metabolic Fingerprints and the Hepatic Transcriptome in Mice; Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitously detected and have been linked to metabolic diseases. Gut microbiome is recognized as a critical regulator of disease susceptibility; however, little is known how PCBs and gut microbiome interact to modulate hepatic xenobiotic and intermediary metabolism. We hypothesized the gut microbiome regulates PCB-mediated changes in the metabolic fingerprints and hepatic transcriptome. Ninety-day-old female conventional and germ-free mice were orally exposed to the Fox River Mixture (synthetic PCB mixture, 6 or 30 mg/kg) or corn oil (vehicle control, 10 ml/kg), once daily for 3 consecutive days. RNA-seq was conducted in liver, and endogenous metabolites were measured in liver and serum by LC-MS. Prototypical target genes of aryl hydrocarbon receptor, pregnane X receptor, and constitutive androstane receptor were more readily upregulated by PCBs in conventional conditions, indicating PCBs, to the hepatic transcriptome, act partly through the gut microbiome. In a gut microbiome-dependent manner, xenobiotic, and steroid metabolism pathways were upregulated, whereas response to misfolded proteins-related pathways was downregulated by PCBs. At the high PCB dose, NADP, and arginine appear to interact with drug-metabolizing enzymes (ie, Cyp1–3 family), which are highly correlated with Ruminiclostridium and Roseburia, providing a novel explanation of gut-liver interaction from PCB-exposure. Utilizing the Library of Integrated Network-based Cellular Signatures L1000 database, therapeutics targeting anti-inflammatory and endoplasmic reticulum stress pathways are predicted to be remedies that can mitigate PCB toxicity. Our findings demonstrate that habitation of the gut microbiota drives PCB-mediated hepatic responses. Our study adds knowledge of physiological response differences from PCB exposure and considerations for further investigations for gut microbiome-dependent therapeutics. © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved.
Impact of different omega-3 fatty acid sources on lipid, hormonal, blood glucose, weight gain and histopathological damages profile in PCOS rat model; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids (ω-3 PUFAs) may help to improve health status in polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) by reducing numerous metabolic disorders (insulin sensitivity, hyperinsulinemia, lipid profile, obesity and inflammation). To evaluate the current objective, 16 weeks (6 weeks of adjustment period followed by 10 weeks of collection period) research trial was planned to check the impact of different sources of ω-3 PUFAs (synthetic ω-3, flaxseed and fish oil) on nutrient digestibility, weight gain, productive (lipid profile, glucose and insulin), reproductive profile (progesterone, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), estrogen, luteinizing hormone (LH) and prolactin) and histological study of ovarian tissues in Wistar female rats. Methods: Forty-five rats of 130 ± 10 g weight were divided into 5 groups, each having 9 rats: NC (negative control without PCOS), PC (positive control with PCOS), SO (synthetic omega-3 containing ALA, EPA and DHA), FO (flaxseed oil) and F (fish oil) fed at 300 mg/kg/orally/daily of these sources were added in the basal diets while PC and NC received only the basal diet. Food and water were offered ad libitum. PCOS was induced in the rats fed of PC, SO, FO and F diets group by single intramuscular injection of estradiol-valerate (4 mg/rat/IM). Body weight and blood glucose was recorded weekly. At 16th week of trial, blood samples were collected for lipid and hormonal analysis. Ovarian tissues were removed for pathological evaluation. Digestibility was measured by total collection method. Results: Cholesterol, triglycerides and low-density lipoproteins were reduced in SO, FO and F groups when compared with rats of PC group. However, increasing trend of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) was found in same groups. The highest HDL (36.83 ± 0.72 mg/dL) was observed in rats fed F diet. In case of a hormonal profile, testosterone, LH and insulin levels showed a significant reduction after treatments. Blood glucose results showed significantly reducing trend in all the rats fed with ω-3 PUFAs sources than PC from 5 to 10th week of trial. However, similar trend was noticed in rat's body weight at the end of 6th week. In ovarian morphology, different stages of follicles were observed in groups fed SO, FO and F diets. Nutrient digestibility in PCOS induced rats was remained non-significant. Conclusions: The three sources of ω-3 PUFAs had effective role in improving lipid and hormonal profile, reducing blood glucose, weight gain and histopathological damages in PCOS rats. However, fish oil source might be an innovative approach to cure PCOS via reducing the weight and metabolic anomalies due to EPA and DHA.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Early life exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and latent health outcomes: A review including the placenta as a target tissue and possible driver of peri- and postnatal effects; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are ubiquitous drinking water contaminants of concern due to mounting evidence implicating adverse health outcomes associated with exposure, including reduced kidney function, metabolic syndrome, thyroid disruption, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. PFAS have been produced in the U.S. since the 1940s and now encompass a growing chemical family comprised of diverse chemical moieties, yet the toxicological effects have been studied for relatively few compounds. Critically, exposures to some PFAS in utero are associated with adverse outcomes for both mother and offspring, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including preeclampsia, and low birth weight. Given the relationship between HDP, placental dysfunction, adverse health outcomes, and increased risk for chronic diseases in adulthood, the role of both developmental and lifelong exposure to PFAS likely contributes to disease risk in complex ways. Here, evidence for the role of some PFAS in disrupted thyroid function, kidney disease, and metabolic syndrome is synthesized with an emphasis on the placenta as a critical yet understudied target of PFAS and programming agent of adult disease. Future research efforts must continue to fill the knowledge gap between placental susceptibility to environmental exposures like PFAS, subsequent perinatal health risks for both mother and child, and latent health effects in adult offspring. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Perfluoroalkyl Substances (PFAS) and Their Effects on the Placenta, Pregnancy, and Child Development: a Potential Mechanistic Role for Placental Peroxisome Proliferator–Activated Receptors (PPARs); Purpose of Review: This review summarizes studies highlighting perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and their effects on the placenta, pregnancy outcomes, and child health. It highlights human population-based associations as well as in vitro-based experimental data to inform an understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying these health effects. Among the mechanisms by which PFAS may induce toxicity is via their interaction with the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), nuclear receptors that regulate lipid metabolism and placental functions important to healthy pregnancies, as well as fetal and child development. Recent Findings: In utero exposure to prevalent environmental contaminants such as PFAS is associated with negative health outcomes during pregnancy, birth outcomes, and later in life. Specifically, PFAS have been associated with increased incidence of gestational diabetes, childhood obesity, preeclampsia, and fetal growth restriction. In terms of placental molecular mechanisms underlying these associations, studies demonstrate that PFAS interfere with trophoblast lipid homeostasis, inflammation, and invasion. Moreover these effects could be mediated in part by the interaction between PFAS and PPARs, as well as other biological mechanisms. Summary: This review summarizes how PFAS, critical environmental contaminants, may contribute to diseases of pregnancy as well as early and later child health. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Multiple dietary fiber for gestational hyperinsulinism: A protocol of systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Introduction:Gestational hyperinsulinism is a metabolic disease which is widely concerned at home and abroad. It is a clinical consensus that the embryo implantation ability of patients with hyperinsulinemia is decreased and the abortion rate after implantation is high. The treatment of gestational hyperinsulinism with Multiple dietary fiber diets has been proven. However, due to the lack of evidence, there is no specific method or recommendation, it is necessary to carry out a systematic evaluation of Multiple dietary fiber diet, to provide effective evidence for further research.Methods and analysis:The following databases will be searched from their inception to August 2020: Electronic database includes PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Nature, Science online, Chinese Biomedical Database WanFang, VIP medicine information, and CNKI. Primary outcomes: Fasting glucose, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, glycosylated hemoglobin. Additional outcomes: Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL), High Density Lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides (TG), total serum cholesterol (TC). Data will be extracted by 2 researchers independently, risk of bias of the meta-analysis will be evaluated based on the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews (SR) of Interventions. All data analysis will be conducted by data statistics software Review Manager V.5.3. and Stata V.12.0.Results:The results of this study will systematically evaluate the effectiveness and safety of Multiple dietary fiber diet interventions in the treatment of gestational hyperinsulinism.Conclusion:The SR of this study will summarize the current published evidence of Multiple dietary fiber for the treatment of gestational hyperinsulinism, which can further guide the promotion and application of it.Ethics and dissemination:This study is a SR, the outcomes are based on the published evidence, so examination and agreement by the ethics committee are not required in this study. We intend to publish the study results in a journal or conference presentations.Open Science Fra network (OSF) registration number:August 19, 2020. osf.io/tbc7z. (https://osf.io/tbc7z). © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Fluoxetine regulates glucose and lipid metabolism via the PI3K‑AKT signaling pathway in diabetic rats; diabetes mellitus poses a major threat towards global heath due to a lack of effective treatment. Fluoxetine hydrochloride, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine reuptake inhibitor, is the most commonly used antidepressant in clinical therapy; however, the potential molecular mechanisms of fluoxetine in diabetes remain unknown. In the present study, reduced glucose, total cholesterol and triglyceride levels and lipid metabolism, as well as upregulated proliferator-activated receptor γ, fatty acid synthase and lipoprotein lipase, and downregulated sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1-c were detected in rats with streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes following treatment with fluoxetine. Furthermore, fluoxetine significantly inhibited the expression levels of glucose metabolism-associated proteins in liver tissues, including glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSK-3β), glucose-6 phosphatase catalytic subunit (G6Pc), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PePcK) and forkhead box protein o1 (FoXo1). in addition, fluoxetine treatment notably attenuated morphological liver damage in rats with STZ-induced diabetes. Additionally, fluoxetine could inhibit the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-protein kinase B (Pi3K-aKT) signaling pathway, whereas LY294002, a specific inhibitor of PI3K, suppressed the function of Pi3K-aKT signaling and suppressed the expression levels of glucose metabolism-associated proteins, including GSK-3β, G6Pc, PePcK and FoXo1 in Brl-3a cells. The results of the present study revealed that fluoxetine may regulate glucose and lipid metabolism via the Pi3K-aKT signaling pathway in diabetic rats. © 2020 Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Obesity-induced excess of 17-hydroxyprogesterone promotes hyperglycemia through activation of glucocorticoid receptor; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has become an expanding global public health problem. Although the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) is an important regulator of glucose metabolism, the relationship between circulating glucocorticoids (GCs) and the features of T2DM remains controversial. Here, we show that 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP), an intermediate steroid in the biosynthetic pathway that converts cholesterol to cortisol, binds to and stimulates the transcriptional activity of GR. Hepatic 17-OHP concentrations are increased in diabetic mice and patients due to aberrantly increased expression of Cyp17A1. Systemic administration of 17-OHP or overexpression of Cyp17A1 in the livers of lean mice promoted the pathogenesis of hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, whereas knockdown of Cyp17A1 abrogated metabolic disorders in obese mice. Therefore, our results identify a Cyp17A1/17-OHP/GR-dependent pathway in the liver that mediates obesity-induced hyperglycemia, suggesting that selectively targeting hepatic Cyp17A1 may provide a therapeutic avenue for treating T2DM. Copyright: © 2020, American Society for Clinical Investigation.
Changes of DNA Methylation Pattern in Metabolic Pathways Induced by High-Carbohydrate Diet Contribute to Hyperglycemia and Fat Deposition in Grass Carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus); Although studies have determined that epigenetics plays an essential role in regulating metabolism in mammals, research on nutrition-related DNA methylation remains to be lacking in teleosts. In the present study, we provided a hepatic whole-genome DNA methylation analysis in grass carp fed with moderate- or excessive-carbohydrate-level diet. Although a high-carbohydrate (HC) diet significantly changed the mRNA expression levels of metabolic genes, it did not affect the global genomic DNA methylation levels in grass carp liver. However, compared with the control group, 3,972 genes were hyper-methylated and 2,904 genes were hypo-methylated in the promoter region. Meanwhile, 10,711 genes were hyper-methylated and 6,764 genes were hypo-methylated in the gene body region in the HC group. These differentially methylated genes (DMGs) were enriched in multiple pathways, including carbohydrate metabolism, insulin pathway, lipid metabolism, and adipocytokine signaling pathway. In addition, the variations in DNA methylation significantly regulated the transcription levels of key genes of metabolism, which could affect the glucose concentrations and the lipid deposition of grass carp. Furthermore, we compared the DNA methylation alterations of genes in glucose metabolism and obesity pathways of grass carp with those of mammalian models in different nutritional states. The results showed that most of the DMGs in grass carp were also regulated by DNA methylation in mammals when the nutritional state changed. The findings revealed more differentially methylated regions and candidate genes for glucose metabolism and broken species boundaries. © Copyright © 2020 Cai, Liang, Yuan, Li and He.
Low vitamin b12 and lipid metabolism: Evidence from pre-clinical and clinical studies; Obesity is a worldwide epidemic responsible for 5% of global mortality. The risks of developing other key metabolic disorders like diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are increased by obesity, causing a great public health concern. A series of epidemiological studies and animal models have demonstrated a relationship between the importance of vitamin B12 (B12) and various components of metabolic syndrome. High prevalence of low B12 levels has been shown in European (27%) and South Indian (32%) patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). A longitudinal prospective study in pregnant women has shown that low B12 status could independently predict the development of T2D five years after delivery. Likewise, children born to mothers with low B12 levels may have excess fat accumulation which in turn can result in higher insulin resistance and risk of T2D and/or CVD in adulthood. However, the independent role of B12 on lipid metabolism, a key risk factor for cardiometabolic disorders, has not been explored to a larger extent. In this review, we provide evidence from pre-clinical and clinical studies on the role of low B12 status on lipid metabolism and insights on the possible epigenetic mechanisms including DNA methylation, micro-RNA and histone modifications. Although, there are only a few association studies of B12 on epigenetic mechanisms, novel approaches to understand the functional changes caused by these epigenetic markers are warranted. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Regulation of intestinal lipid metabolism by fusion-induced fatty liver based on graphene oxide nanopore DNA; The regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism by intestinal microorganisms is closely related to the occurrence of fatty liver. In order to explore the relationship between the distribution of intestinal ﬂora and the occurrence of fatty liver, we extracted fecal DNA from normal people (group C) and patients with fatty liver (group D), sequenced the collected samples with graphene oxide (GO) nano-solid nanopore, and sequenced the V3 and V4 regions of 16S. After screening the sequencing data, all tag sequences of all samples were clustered according to operational taxonomic units (OTUs) using UPARSE 9 software. After determining abundance of OTUs and species annotation of the sequencing results, alpha diversity was analyzed based on an OTU abundance table. Krona (V2.6) 18 software displayed the results of species annotation in an interactive and visual way, and species distribution among groups was compared. The LEfSe method was used to analyze the differences of species distribution among components. After cluster analysis, the number of OTUs in the normal population was 512, the number of intestinal species in fatty liver patients was 541, of which 262 were common species. Alpha diversity analysis revealed reduced relative abundance in the fatty liver patients. The abundance of phylum, class, order, family, genus, and species in each group were compared. The abundance of Pachytene and Proteus increased abnormally and the relative abundance of Clostridium decreased. In addition, the abundance of Enterobacteriaceae in Enterobacteriaceae and Fusobacteria in Fusobacteria decreased. The relative abundance of Bacteroidea, Bacteroideae, and Lachnospiraceae increased. The results of species distribution analysis conﬁrmed that the difference of Fusicantibacter distribution in Lachnospiraceae was signiﬁcant. Functional analysis of the distribution of the ﬂora revealed the principle role of the ﬂora in fat metabolism. Therefore, it was concluded that Fusicantibacter was the dominant ﬂora in patients with fatty liver, which promoted the formation of fatty liver by enhancing fat metabolism. The ﬁndings also demonstrated that GO nanopores can be used for DNA sequencing. © 2020 by American Scientific Publishers.
Impact of sex and age on the mevalonate pathway in the brain: A focus on effects induced by maternal exposure to exogenous compounds; The mevalonate pathway produces cholesterol and other compounds crucial for numerous cellular processes. It is well known that age and sex modulate this pathway in the liver. Recently, similar effects were also noted in different brain areas, suggesting that alterations of the mevalonate pathway are at the root of marked sex-specific disparities in some neurodevelopmental disorders related to disturbed cholesterol homeostasis. Here, we show how the mevalonate pathway is modulated in a sex-, age-and region-specific manner, and how maternal exposure to exogenous compounds can disturb the regulation of this pathway in the brain, possibly inducing functional alterations. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Review of methods for detecting glycemic disorders; Prediabetes (intermediate hyperglycemia) consists of two abnormalities, impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) detected by a standardized 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Individuals with isolated IGT or combined IFG and IGT have increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Diagnosing prediabetes early and accurately is critical in order to refer high-risk individuals for intensive lifestyle modification. However, there is currently no international consensus for diagnosing prediabetes with HbA1c or glucose measurements based upon American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria that identify different populations at risk for progressing to diabetes. Various caveats affecting the accuracy of interpreting the HbA1c including genetics complicate this further. This review describes established methods for detecting glucose disorders based upon glucose and HbA1c parameters as well as novel approaches including the 1-hour plasma glucose (1-h PG), glucose challenge test (GCT), shape of the glucose curve, genetics, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), measures of insulin secretion and sensitivity, metabolomics, and ancillary tools such as fructosamine, glycated albumin (GA), 1,5- anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG). Of the approaches considered, the 1-h PG has considerable potential as a biomarker for detecting glucose disorders if confirmed by additional data including health economic analysis. Whether the 1-h OGTT is superior to genetics and omics in providing greater precision for individualized treatment requires further investigation. These methods will need to demonstrate substantially superiority to simpler tools for detecting glucose disorders to justify their cost and complexity. © 2020
Resveratrol intake during pregnancy and lactation re-programs adiposity and ameliorates leptin resistance in male progeny induced by maternal high-fat/high sucrose plus postnatal high-fat/high sucrose diets via fat metabolism regulation; Background: Maternal obesity is an emerging problem in the modern world. Growing evidence suggests that intrauterine high-fat (HF) exposure may predispose progeny to subsequent metabolic challenges. Progeny born to mothers who ate an HF diet also tends to eat an HF diet when growing and aggravate metabolic issues. Thus, the generational transmission of obesity is cyclical. Developing a strategy to prevent the occurrence of metabolic syndrome related to prenatal and/or postnatal HF diet is important. In this study, the reprogramming effects of maternal resveratrol treatment for the progeny with maternal HF/postnatal HF diets were investigated. Methods: Sprague-Dawley dams were fed either a control or a high-fat/high sucrose diet (HFHS) from mating to lactation. After weaning, the progeny was fed chow or an HF diet. Four experimental groups were yielded: CC (maternal/postnatal control diet), HC (maternal HF/postnatal control diet), CH (maternal control/postnatal HFHS diet), and HH (maternal/postnatal HFHS diet). A fifth group (HRH) received a maternal HFHS diet plus maternal resveratrol treatment and a postnatal chow diet to study the effects of maternal resveratrol therapy. Results: Maternal resveratrol treatment lessened the weight and adiposity of progeny that were programmed by combined prenatal and postnatal HFHS diets. Maternal resveratrol therapy ameliorated the decreased abundance of the sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) enzyme in retroperitoneal tissue and the altered leptin/soluble leptin receptor ratio of progeny. Maternal resveratrol therapy also decreased lipogenesis and increased lipolysis for progeny. Conclusions: Maternal resveratrol intervention can prevent adiposity programmed by maternal and postnatal HFHS diets by inducing lipid metabolic modulation. This study offers a novel reprogramming role for the effect of maternal resveratrol supplements against obesity.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Long non-coding RNA cancer susceptibility candidate 2 (CASC2) alleviates the high glucose-induced injury of CIHP-1 cells via regulating miR-9-5p/PPARγaxis in diabetes nephropathy; Background: High glucose (HG) induced podocytes injury plays an important role in diabetes nephropathy (DN) development. Long noncoding RNA cancer susceptibility candidate 2 (CASC2) was found to be decreased in serum of DN patients. We aimed to explore the function and possible mechanism of CASC2 in HG induced podocytes injury. Methods: Under normal glucose (NG), HG and mannitol stimulated podocyte conditions, the levels of CASC2, microRNA-9-5p (miR-9-5p) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) were examined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Podocyte injury was evaluated by measuring cell viability and apoptosis of CIHP-1 cells were checked by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay and flow cytometry, respectively. Western blot was used to detect all protein levels. Dual-luciferase reporter, RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) and RNA pull-down assays were performed to confirm the relationship between CASC2 and miR-9-5p. Results: HG stimulation inhibited the expression levels of CASC2 and PPARγ, but promoted the expression of miR-9-5p. HG could restrain cell viability, autophagy and facilitate apoptosis in CIHP-1 cells, while CASC2 overexpression could reverse HG-induced podocytes injury. Furthermore, CASC2 could be used as a ceRNA to adsorb miR-9-5p, and miR-9-5p mimic overturned the effects of CASC2 on cell viability, autophagy and apoptosis in HG-stimulated podocytes. Additionally, PPARγwas a target gene of miR-9-5p, and CASC2 could weaken the HG-induced podocytes injury by up-regulating PPARγ. Conclusion: CASC2 increased cell viability, autophagy and inhibited cell apoptosis by regulating miR-9-5p/PPARγaxis, thus reducing the HG-induced podocytes injury. © 2020 The Author(s).
The Activation of Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptor γ Enhances Insulin Signaling Pathways Via Up-regulating Chemerin Expression in High Glucose Treated HTR-8/SVneo Cells; Objective:To investigate whether peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) agonists, rosiglitazone and GW1929, activate the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)-AKT/protein kinase B pathway and the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase1/2 (ERK1/2) pathway by upgrading the expression of chemerin.Methods:The HTR-8/SVneo trophoblastic cells were cultured in vitro in high glucose concentration (25 mmol/L) to mimic gestational diabetic phenotypes. We transfected small interfering RNA into HTR-8/SVneo cells to silence two receptors of chemerin, that are chemokine-like receptor 1 (CMKLR1) and G protein-coupled receptor1 (GPR1). And recombinant human chemerin, PPARγ agonists (rosiglitazone, 10 μmol/L and GW1929, 10 μmol/L) and PPARγ inhibitor (GW9662, 5 μmol/L) were additionally added to the medium, respectively. The existence of chemerin was verified by immunocytochemistry, and the expressions of PPARγ, chemerin, and its receptors as well as insulin signaling-related factors PI3K, AKT2, and MAPK (ERK1/2) were detected by real time quantitative-polymerase chain reaction and western blot.Results:Chemerin existed in the HTR-8/SVneo cells. Effects of chemerin on PI3K-AKT pathway and MAPK (ERK1/2) pathway were dependent on the density of chemerin. When rosiglitazone and GW1929 were added to the medium, the mRNA levels of PI3K, AKT2, and MAPK1 were upregulated (P < 0.05). Conversely, GW9662 downregulated the mRNA levels of AKT2 and MAPK1 (P < 0.05). Rosiglitazone and GW1929 increased the protein levels of PPARγ, chemerin, CMKLR1 and GPR1 (P < 0.05). Rosiglitazone and GW1929 had no effect on the expression of PI3K p110β and phospho-AKT2 without CMKLR1 (P > 0.05). Meanwhile, the expression of phospho-ERK2 remained unaffected in the absence of GPR1 (P > 0.05).Conclusion:Both rosiglitazone and GW1929 have the effect of improving insulin signaling pathways via upgrading the level of chemerin in high glucose treated HTR-8/SVneo cells. Copyright © 2020 The Chinese Medical Association, published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Metabolic role of PTEN in insulin signaling and resistance; Phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) is most prominently known for its function in tu-morigenesis. However, a metabolic role of PTEN is emerging as a result of its altered expression in type 2 diabetes (T2D), which results in impaired insulin signaling and promotion of insulin resistance during the pathogenesis of T2D. PTEN functions in regulating insulin signaling across different organs have been identified. Through the use of a variety of models, such as tissue-specific knockout (KO) mice and in vitro cell cultures, PTEN’s role in regulating insulin action has been elucidated across many cell types. Herein, we will review the recent advancements in the understanding of PTEN’s metabolic functions in each of the tissues and cell types that contribute to regulating systemic insulin sensitivity and discuss how PTEN may represent a promising therapeutic strategy for treatment or prevention of T2D. © 2020 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press; all rights reserved;.
Lycopene in protection against obesity and diabetes: A mechanistic review; Lycopene, a natural pigment that mainly exists in the mature fruit of tomatoes, has gained increasing attention due to its protective effects against obesity and diabetes. The aim of this review is to summarize the potential mechanisms in which lycopene exerts protection against obesity and diabetes, along with highlighting its bioavailability, synthesis and safety. Literature sources used in this review were from the PubMed Database, China Knowledge Resource Integrated Database, China Science and Technology Journal Database, National Science and Technology Library, Wanfang Data, and the Web of Science. For the inquiries, keywords such as lycopene, properties, synthesis, diabetes, obesity, and safety were used in various combinations. About 200 articles and reviews were evaluated. Lycopene exhibits anti-obesity and anti-diabetic activities in different organs and/or tissues, including adipose tissue, liver, kidney, pancreas, brain, ovaries, intestine, and eyes. The underlying mechanism may be attributed to its anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory properties and through its ability to regulate of AGE/RAGE, JNK/MAPK, PI3K/Akt, SIRT1/FoxO1/PPARγ signaling pathways and AchE activity. The epidemiological investigations support that lycopene consumption may contribute to lowering the risk of obesity and diabetes. The cis-isomers of lycopene are more bioavailable and better absorbed than trans-lycopene, and mainly distribute in liver and adipose tissue. Lycopene exhibits a good margin of safety and can be obtained by plant extraction, chemical synthesis and microbial fermentation. In summary, lycopene consumption beneficially contributes to protecting against diabetes and obesity in animal studies and epidemiological investigations, which supports the potential of this compound as a preventive/therapeutic agent against these disorders. Well-designed, prospective clinical studies are warranted to evaluate the potential therapeutic effect of lycopene against common metabolic diseases. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Klotho and fibroblast growth factors 19 and 21 serum concentrations in children and adolescents with normal body weight and obesity and their associations with metabolic parameters; Background: Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19), fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) and Klotho are regulators of energy homeostasis. However, in the pediatric population, the relationships between obesity, metabolic disorders and the aforementioned factors have not been clearly investigated. We analyzed the role of FGF19, FGF21 and Klotho protein in children with normal body weight as well as in overweight and obese subjects and explored their associations with insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MS) and its components. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in a group of hospitalized children and adolescents. Laboratory investigations included serum analysis of FGF19, FGF21, and Klotho with ELISA kits as well as the analysis of the lipid profile and ALT serum concentrations. Moreover, each subject underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with fasting insulinemia measurement to detect glucose tolerance abnormalities and calculate the Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) index. Furthermore, the clinical analysis included blood pressure measurement, body fat percentage estimation and assessment of the prevalence of MS and its components. Results: The study was conducted with 174 children/adolescents aged 6-17 years with normal body weight (N = 48), obesity (N = 92) and overweight (N = 34). Klotho concentration was significantly higher in the obese children [median 168.6 pg/ml (90.2 to 375.9)]) than in the overweight [131.3 pg/ml (78.0 to 313.0)] and normal-body-weight subjects [116.6 pg/ml (38.5 to 163.9)] (p = 0.0334) and was also significantly higher in insulin-resistant children than in insulin-sensitive children [185.3 pg/ml (102.1 to 398.2) vs 132.6 pg/ml (63.9 to 275.6), p = 0.0283]. FGF21 was elevated in patients with MS compared to the FGF21 levels in other subjects [136.2 pg/ml (86.5 to 239.9) vs 82.6 pg/ml (41.8 to 152.4), p = 0.0286]. The multivariable model showed that FGF19 was an independent predictor of IR after adjusting for pubertal stage and BMI Z-score. Conclusions: Klotho levels were associated with body weight status in children and adolescents. Moreover, Klotho, FGF19 and FGF21 concentrations correlated with IR status and/or components of MS.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Probiotics for the treatment of overweight and obesity in humans—a review of clinical trials; The World Health Organization (WHO) reports that 400 million people are obese, and over 1.6 billion adults are overweight worldwide. Annually, over 2.8 million people die from obesity-related diseases. The incidence of overweight and obesity is steadily increasing, and this phenomenon is referred to as a 21st-century pandemic. The main reason for this phenomenon is an easy access to high-energy, processed foods, and a low-activity lifestyle. These changes lead to an energy imbalance and, as a consequence, to the development of body fat. Weight gain contributes to the development of heart diseases, skeletal system disorders, metabolic disorders such as diabetes, and certain types of cancer. In recent years, there have been many works linking obesity with intestinal microbiota. Experiments on germ-free animals (GFs) have provided much evidence for the contribution of bacteria to obesity. The composition of the gut microbiota (GM) changes in obese people. These changes affect the degree of energy obtained from food, the composition and secretory functions of adipose tissue, carbohydrate, and lipid metabolism in the liver, and the activity of centers in the brain. The study aimed to present the current state of knowledge about the role of intestinal microbiota in the development of obesity and the impact of supplementation with probiotic bacteria on the health of overweight and obese patients. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Whole transcriptome expression profiles in placenta samples from women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/Introduction: Non-coding ribonucleic acids (ncRNAs) have recently been shown to be involved in various biological processes. However, most of these ncRNAs are of unknown function or without annotation. This study first investigated the whole transcriptome profiles of placentas to identify the potential functions that ncRNAs exerted in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and Methods: Six placenta samples from healthy pregnant women (n = 3) and GDM (n = 3) were collected to analyze the whole transcriptome profiles by high-throughput sequencing. Differentially expressed ncRNAs were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction on an independent set of normal (n = 20) and GDM (n = 20) placenta samples. Results: A total of 2,817 microRNAs (miRNAs), 23,339 long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) and 9,513 circular RNAs (circRNAs) were identified. There were 290 differentially expressed ncRNAs in GDM placentas compared with the placentas of healthy pregnant women. Two miRNAs, 86 lncRNAs and 55 circRNAs were upregulated, while two miRNAs, 86 lncRNAs and 59 circRNAs were downregulated in GDM. The expression of the selected ncRNAs, which were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, was consistent with the sequencing results. Gene Ontology and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway analysis showed that the major targets of these ncRNAs were associated with insulin resistance, and abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism. A GDM-related competing endogenous RNA network suggested the interactions between lncRNAs, circRNAs, messenger RNAs and miRNAs. Conclusions: The whole transcriptome profiles significantly differed in GDM placentas compared with the placentas of healthy pregnant women, which might be valuable for detecting novel ncRNAs, and providing new research insights into exploring the pathogenic mechanisms of GDM. © 2020 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
PTEN: A Thrifty Gene That Causes Disease in Times of Plenty?; The modern obesity epidemic with associated disorders of metabolism and cancer has been attributed to the presence of “thrifty genes”. In the distant past, these genes helped the organism to improve energy efficiency and store excess energy safely as fat to survive periods of famine, but in the present day obesogenic environment, have turned detrimental. I propose PTEN as the likely gene as it has functions that span metabolism, cancer and reproduction, all of which are deranged in obesity and insulin resistance. The activity of PTEN can be calibrated in utero by availability of nutrients by the methylation arm of the epigenetic pathway. Deficiency of protein and choline has been shown to upregulate DNA methyltransferases (DNMT), especially 1 and 3a; these can then methylate promoter region of PTEN and suppress its expression. Thus, the gene is tuned like a metabolic rheostat proportional to the availability of specific nutrients, and the resultant “dose” of the protein, which sits astride and negatively regulates the insulin-PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway, decides energy usage and proliferation. This “fixes” the metabolic capacity of the organism periconceptionally to a specific postnatal level of nutrition, but when faced with a discordant environment, leads to obesity related diseases. © Copyright © 2020 Venniyoor.
Need to establish a new adolescent suicide prevention programme in South Korea; Adolescent suicide is the leading cause of death among South Korean (Korean) youth. Despite great efforts being made towards suicide prevention in Korea, the suicide rate has not decreased significantly. There is an urgent need for a new adolescent suicide prevention strategy. This paper describes the seriousness of the issue of adolescent suicide in Korea, evaluates its current management by the SWOT analysis (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) and further recommends a new suicide prevention programme that integrates national/social involvement (State Suicide Intervention Committee, suicide posts' monitoring, parental divorce information sharing and Adolescence Mental Health Promotion Foundation), school-based programmes (continuous monitoring system, psychology consultation team and mental health educational curricula) and family-based programmes (parental education and family-school communication). In addition, genetic analysis, biochemical tests and psychological disease registration are the indispensable elements that aid in suicidal behaviour prevention and prediction.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Binding of cml-modified as well as heat-glycated β-lactoglobulin to receptors for ages is determined by charge and hydrophobicity; Intake of dietary advanced glycation end products (AGEs) is associated with inflammation-related health problems. Nε-carboxymethyl lysine (CML) is one of the best characterised AGEs in processed food. AGEs have been described as ligands for receptors present on antigen presenting cells. However, changes in protein secondary and tertiary structure also induce binding to AGE receptors. We aimed to discriminate the role of different protein modifications in binding to AGE receptors. Therefore, β-lactoglobulin was chemically modified with glyoxylic acid to produce CML and compared to β-lactoglobulin glycated with lactose. Secondary structure was monitored with circular dichroism, while hydrophobicity and formation of β-sheet structures was measured with ANS-assay and ThT-assay, respectively. Aggregation was monitored using native-PAGE. Binding to sRAGE, CD36, and galectin-3 was measured using inhibition ELISA. Even though no changes in secondary structure were observed in all tested samples, binding to AGE receptors increased with CML concentration of CML-modified β-lactoglobulin. The negative charge of CML was a crucial determinant for the binding of protein bound CML, while binding of glycated BLG was determined by increasing hydrophobicity. This shows that sRAGE, galectin-3, and CD36 bind to protein bound CML and points out the role of negatively charged AGEs in binding to AGE receptors. © MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Assessing the effect of MitoQ10 and Vitamin D3 on ovarian oxidative stress, steroidogenesis and histomorphology in DHEA induced PCOS mouse model; Biological sciences; Health sciences; Anatomy; Reproductive system; Endocrinology; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHA); Vitamin D3; mitoQ10, Oxidative stress (OS); Steroidogenesis © 2020 The Authors; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) continues to be one of the most complex reproductive and endocrine disorder among women of reproductive age. Recent reports have identified close interaction of Vitamin D deficiency and oxidative stress (OS) in exacerbating the pathophysiology of PCOS. This current study aims at assessing the combine effect of MitoQ10 and Vitamin D3 on dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) induced PCOS. Following successful induction of PCOS using DHEA, mice were organized into five groups (n = 8) namely: Negative Control (NC), Vitamin D3 Vehicle (VDV), Vitamin D3 (VD), MitoQ10 (MQ), Vitamin D3 plus MitoQ10 (V+M) and DHEA, ethanol and distilled water, Vitamin D3, MitoQ10 and Vitamin D3 plus MitoQ10 were respectively administered for 20 consecutive days. The study also included positive control (PC) group (n = 8) in which no treatment was applied. Treatment effects were assessed using hormonal assays, biochemical assays, Real-Time PCR, western blotting and histological analysis. Combination of Vitamin D3 and MitoQ10 significantly reduced levels of estradiol, progesterone, FSH, LH, LH/FSH, SOD and MDA. The expression rate of mRNAs of 3β-HSD, Cyp19a1, Cyp11a1, StAR, Keap1, HO-1 and Nrf2 were also significantly low in V+M group. Moreover, the histomorphological inspection of ovaries from this group revealed many healthy follicles at various stages of development including few atretic follicles, pre-antral and antral follicles and many corpora lutea. The characteristics observed in this group were in many ways similar to that of the PC group. The combination of MitoQ10 and Vitamin D3 may be potential candidate to ameliorate PCOS. © 2020 The Authors
Adipocytokines: Are they the Theory of Everything?; Introduction: Adipose tissue secretes various bioactive peptides/proteins, immune molecules and inflammatory mediators which are known as adipokines or adipocytokines. Adipokines play important roles in the maintenance of energy homeostasis, appetite, glucose and lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, angiogenesis, immunity and inflammation. Enormous number of studies from all over the world proved that adipocytokines are involved in the pathogenesis of diseases affecting nearly all body systems, which raises the question whether we can always blame adipocytokines as the triggering factor of every disease that may hit the body. Objective: Our review targeted the role played by adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of different diseases affecting different body systems including diabetes mellitus, kidney diseases, gynecological diseases, rheumatologic disorders, cancers, Alzheimer's, depression, muscle disorders, liver diseases, cardiovascular and lung diseases. Methodology: We cited more than 33 recent literature reviews that discussed the role played by adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of different diseases affecting different body systems. Conclusion: More evidence is being discovered to date about the role played by adipocytokines in more diseases and extra research is needed to explore hidden roles played by adipokine imbalance on disease pathogenesis. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Impact of short-term hypoxia on sirtuins as regulatory elements in huvecs; Background: Sirtuins (SIRT) are NAD+-dependent deacetylases that are involved in stress response, antioxidative defense, and longevity via posttranslational modifications. SIRT1 directly activates nitric oxide synthase (NOS). Aging is associated with a reduced sirtuin function and reduction of the cofactor NAD+. Age-related atherosclerosis and vascular diseases are linked to a compromised sirtuin function. Vascular events like stroke and cardiac infarction result in acute hypoxia, which can additionally impact sirtuins and thus the vascular function. This prompted us to study sirtuins in intact HUVECs, under acute, short-term hypoxic conditions. Methods: We measured intracellular sirtuin and NAD+ levels in HUVECs exposed to hypoxia (2% O2) for 10–120 min, compared to normoxic controls. SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4 were measured at the protein (Western Blot) and the transcript level (qRT-PCR), SIRT1 and SIRT3 at the enzyme level (fluorometrically), and NAD+ levels were measured spectrophotometrically. Results: We observed a reduction of SIRT1 and SIRT4 at the protein level, a downregulation of SIRT1 at the transcript level and increased NAD+ levels under hypoxia. SIRT3 was not affected by hypoxia. Conclusions: Downregulation of SIRT1 under hypoxia might reduce production of the reactive oxygen species (ROS) via the respiratory chain and inhibit the mitochondrial ATP-synthase, resulting in energy conservation. NOS might be impaired if SIRT1 is decreased. Increased NAD+ levels might compensate these effects. Hypoxic downregulation of SIRT4 might lead to mitochondrial uncoupling, hence endothelial dysfunction, and ADP/ATP-translocase 2 (ANT2)-inhibition. NAD+ upregulation might partly compensate this effect. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B-mediated autophagy regulates high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis; Diabetes is a recognized high-risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, in which macroautophagy/autophagy is emerging to play essential roles. The retention of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles in subendothelial space following transcytosis across the endothelium is the initial step of atherosclerosis. Here, we identified that high glucose could promote atherosclerosis by stimulating transcytosis of LDL. By inhibiting AMPK-MTOR-PIK3C3 pathway, high glucose suppresses the CAV-CAVIN-LC3B-mediated autophagic degradation of CAV1; therefore, more CAV1 is accumulated in the cytosol and utilized to form more caveolae in the cell membrane and facilitates the LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells. For a proof of concept, higher levels of lipids were accumulated in the subendothelial space of umbilical venous walls from pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared to those of pregnant women without GDM. Our results reveal that high glucose stimulates LDL transcytosis by a novel CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B signaling-mediated autophagic degradation pathway. Abbreviations: 3-MA: 3-methyladenine; ACTB: actin beta; AMPK: AMP-activated protein kinase; Bafi: bafilomycin A1; CAV1: caveolin-1; CAVIN1: caveolae associated protein 1; CSD: the CAV1 scaffolding domain; GDM: gestational diabetes mellitus; IMD: intramembrane domain; LIR: LC3-interacting region; MAP1LC3/LC3: microtubule- associated protein 1 light chain 3; MFI: mean fluorescence intensity; MTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase; PIK3C3/VPS34: phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase catalytic subunit type 3; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in women with higher prepregnancy ambient PM2.5 exposure; Background: Air pollution is a serious environmental problem in China. This study was designed to investigate whether exposure to particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter ≤ 2.5 μm (PM2.5) before pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and fasting glucose in China. Methods: We recruited subjects and collected clinical data from the Nanjing Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital from July 2016 to October 2017. A series of validated land-use regression (LUR) models were built to assess individual exposure to PM2.5 in a 1 × 1 km area at both work and home addresses following a time-weighted pattern. Multiple linear regression and logistic regression analyses were performed to examine the association between PM2.5 exposure and GDM and fasting glucose. Results: In total, 11,639 of 16,995 women were included in the final analysis. Among the 11,639 women, 2776 (23.85%) had GDM. Individual exposure to PM2.5 within three months before pregnancy ranged from 21.58 to 85.92 μg/m3. Positive associations were observed among the interquartile ranges (IQRs) of exposure to PM2.5 within three months before pregnancy and GDM (OR = 2.61, 95% CI: 1.40–4.93, p < .01) as well as fasting glucose levels (β = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.45–0.68, p < .01). The diabetogenic effects of PM2.5 gradually increased from the first month before pregnancy, peaked in the second month and then gradually decreased until the third month when the week-specific exposure were analyzed to identify the sensitive time window. Conclusion: Our study confirmed that higher exposure to PM2.5 within three months before pregnancy is significantly associated with increased risk of GDM and elevated fasting glucose levels, reflecting the importance of preconceptional environmental exposure in the development of maternal GDM. © 2018
Overweight and obesity status from the prenatal period to adolescence and its association with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in young adults: cohort study; Objective: To examine the associations of maternal and child overweight status across multiple time-points with liver fat content in the offspring during young adulthood. Design: Cohort study. Setting: ELEMENT Cohort in Mexico City. Population: Pregnant women with singleton births (n = 97). Methods: We quantified hepatic triglyceride content (liver fat content) by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H MRS) and conventional T2-weighted MRIs (3T scanner) in 97 young adults from the ELEMENT birth cohort in Mexico City. Historical records of the cohort were used as a source of pregnancy, and childhood and adolescence anthropometric information, overweight and obesity (OWOB) were defined. Adjusted structural equation models were run to identify the association between OWOB in different life stages with liver fat content (log-transformed) in young adulthood. Main outcome: Maternal OWOB at the time of delivery was directly and indirectly associated with the liver fat content in the offspring at young adulthood. Results: Seventeen percent of the participants were classified as having NAFLD. We found a strong association of OWOB between all periods assessed. Maternal OWOB at time of delivery (β = 1.97, 95% CI 1.28–3.05), and OWOB status in the offspring at young adulthood (β = 3.17, 95% CI 2.10–4.77) were directly associated with the liver fat content in the offspring. Also, maternal OWOB was indirectly associated with liver fat content through offspring OWOB status. Conclusion: We found that maternal OWOB status is related to fatty liver content in the offspring as young adults, even after taking into account OWOB status and lifestyle factors in the offspring. Tweetable abstract: There was an association between pre-pregnancy overweight and the development of NAFLD in adult offspring. © 2020 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Oral L-glutamine restores adenosine and glutathione content in the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue of insulin-resistant pregnant rats; Objectives: Mishandling of lipid and glycogen has been documented as a feature of metabolic tissues in insulin resistance-related disorders. However, reports exist detailing that L-glutamine (GLN) protects non-adipose tissue against the deleterious effects of metabolic disorders. Therefore, we hypothesized that GLN would protect skeletal muscle and adipose tissue against the deleterious effects of lipid and glycogen mishandlings by increasing adenosine and glutathione levels in pregnant rats exposed to fructose (FRU)-enriched drinks. Methods: Pregnant Wistar rats weighing 150 to 180 g were randomly assigned to control, GLN, FRU, and FRU + GLN groups (six rats/group). The groups received vehicle (P.o.), glutamine (1 g/kg), FRU (10%; w/v), and FRU + GLN, respectively, for 19 d. Results: Data show that FRU caused insulin resistance with corresponding increased blood glucose, circulating and pancreatic insulin levels, and lipid accumulation and glycogen depletion in skeletal muscle, but glycogen accumulation and a decreased lipid profile in adipose tissue. Adenosine and glutathione content decreased, whereas adenosine deaminase, xanthine oxidase, uric acid, and malondialdehyde concentrations increased in both tissues. In addition, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity decreased in skeletal muscle but remained unaltered in adipose tissue. However, supplementation with GLN improved perturbed lipid and glycogen with a corresponding increase in adenosine and glutathione. Conclusions: The present results collectively indicate that lipid and glycogen mishandlings caused by high gestational FRU intake result in the depletion of adenosine and glutathione in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. These findings also suggest that L-glutamine protects against skeletal muscle and adipose tissue dysmetabolism by enhancing adenosine and glutathione. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Altered metabolome of lipids and amino acids species: A source of early signature biomarkers of T2DM; Diabetes mellitus, a disease of modern civilization, is considered the major mainstay of mortalities around the globe. A great number of biochemical changes have been proposed to occur at metabolic levels between perturbed glucose, amino acid, and lipid metabolism to finally diagnoe diabetes mellitus. This window period, which varies from person to person, provides us with a unique opportunity for early detection, delaying, deferral and even prevention of diabetes. The early detection of hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia is based upon the detection and identification of biomarkers originating from perturbed glucose, amino acid, and lipid metabolism. The emerging “OMICS” technologies, such as metabolomics coupled with statistical and bioinformatics tools, proved to be quite useful to study changes in physiological and biochemical processes at the metabolic level prior to an eventual diagnosis of DM. Approximately 300–400 such metabolites have been reported in the literature and are considered as predicting or risk factor-reporting metabolic biomarkers for this metabolic disorder. Most of these metabolites belong to major classes of lipids, amino acids and glucose. Therefore, this review represents a snapshot of these perturbed plasma/serum/urinary metabolic biomarkers showing a significant correlation with the future onset of diabetes and providing a foundation for novel early diagnosis and monitoring the progress of metabolic syndrome at early symptomatic stages. As most metabolites also find their origin from gut microflora, metabolism and composition of gut microflora also vary between healthy and diabetic persons, so we also summarize the early changes in the gut microbiome which can be used for the early diagnosis of diabetes. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal Exercise Improves High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Abnormalities and Gut Microbiota Profiles in Mouse Dams and Offspring; Early-life overnutrition programs increased risks of metabolic disorders in adulthood. Regular exercise has been widely accepted to be an effective measure to maintain metabolic health. However, the intergenerational effects of maternal exercise and the specific mechanism are largely unclear. Our objective was to investigate whether maternal exercise could alleviate the metabolic disturbances induced by early-life overnutrition in both dams and offspring and to explore the role of gut microbiota in mediating the effects. C57BL/6 female mice were randomly divided into three groups: the control group, which were fed a normal control diet; high-fat group, which received a high-fat diet; and high-fat with exercise intervention group, which was fed a high-fat diet and received a voluntary wheel running training. The diet intervention started from 3 weeks prior to mating and lasted throughout pregnancy and lactation. The exercise intervention was only prior to and during pregnancy. The male offspring got free access to normal chow diet from weaning to 24 weeks of age. Glucose tolerance test and biochemical parameters were detected in dams at weaning and offspring at 8 and 24 weeks of age. Their cecal contents were collected for the 16 s rDNA amplicon sequencing. The results showed that maternal high-fat diet resulted in significant glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and lipid profiles disorders in both dams and offspring. Maternal exercise markedly improved insulin sensitivity in dams and metabolic disorders in offspring from young into adulthood. The decrease in unfavorable bacteria and the persistent enrichment of short-chain fatty acids-producers from mothers to adult offspring, particularly the genus Odoribacter, were all associated with the improvement of metabolism by maternal exercise. Overall, maternal exercise could significantly mitigate the detrimental effects of a maternal high-fat diet on metabolism in both dams and male offspring. The continuous alterations in gut microbiota might be a critical factor in deciphering the metabolic benefits of maternal exercise, which provides some novel evidence and targets for combating metabolic diseases. © Copyright © 2020 Zhou, Xiao, Li, Zhang, Yu, Zheng and Deng.
Short Sleep Duration is Associated with Central Arterial Stiffness in Children Independent of Other Lifestyle Behaviors; Purpose: Children require 9–11 h sleep to ensure adequate growth and development by optimizing the efficiency of a number of biological systems, including the cardiovascular system. The study aim was to determine whether short sleep duration (< 9 h) is associated with elevated aortic arterial stiffness in children aged 9–11 years, independent of other lifestyle behaviors, including physical activity, sedentary behaviour and dietary patterns. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 421 children (51% female) aged 9–11 years. Aortic arterial stiffness was measured using carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), sleep duration, time spent sedentary, and moderate-vigorous physical activity were measured using wrist actigraphy, and dietary patterns using a food frequency questionnaire. Associations between short sleep duration and cfPWV were examined using mixed effects regression. Results: There was a positive [unadjusted] association between short sleep duration and cfPWV (β = 0.245, 95% CI 0.093–0.396). This association persisted following adjustment for demographic factors and was strengthened following adjustment for lifestyle behaviors (β = 0.331, 95% CI 0.109–0.553). Conclusions: Short sleepers (< 9 h) had a clinically meaningful elevated aortic arterial stiffness in comparison to those sleeping the recommended daily 9–11 h. Sleep duration may be important for cardiovascular health independent of other lifestyle behaviors. © 2020, Beijing Sport University.
Beneficial effect of symbiotic supplementation during pregnancy in high fat diet-induced metabolic disorder in rats: Role of Chemerin; Objective: Metabolic disorders during pregnancy have detrimental effect on mother and her fetus. Symbiotic supplementation can improve metabolic disorders. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of symbiotic supplementation on the levels of Chemerin, lipid profile, glucose, and insulin resistance in pregnant rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Materials and methods: Thirty female Wistar rats (weighing 200–220 g) were randomly assigned into three groups: control group, HFD group, and HFD + symbiotic group. The control group received the regular diet (fed lab chow); the HFD group received HFD alone; and the HFD + symbiotic group that in addition to taking HFD, was gavaged daily during pregnancy with a symbiotic solution, which contained Lactobacillus rhamnosus and Bacillus coagulans at a concentration of 108 CFU/ml and fructooligosaccharide 10%. On the 10th day of the experiment, the animals became pregnant. At the end of pregnancy period, birth weight of offspring, levels of blood glucose, total cholesterol, triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), insulin, and chemerin level were measured. Results: Birth weight of offspring in the HFD + symbiotic group was significantly lower than in the HFD group (P < 0.02). Similarly, insulin, insulin resistance, TG, total cholesterol, and LDL levels in the HFD + symbiotic group were significantly lower than in the HFD group (all P < 0.01). Symbiotic supplementation significantly reduced chemerin concentration in HFD + symbiotic group than HFD group (P < 0.008). Chemerin levels had a significant and positive correlation with food intake in the first ten days of the experiment and gestation period (P < 0.01, P < 0.04), fasting blood sugar (FBS) (P < 0.01), Total cholesterol (P < 0.05) and homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index (P < 0.01). Moreover, chemerin levels had a significant and negative correlation with HDL (P < 0.01) and insulin (P < 0.02) levels. Conclusion: Based on our results, symbiotic supplementation has beneficial effects on metabolic disorders and improves weight gain during pregnancy, pup birth weight, FBS, insulin resistance and lipid profile. These advantages of symbiotic supplementation could be mediated by change in chemerin secretion. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
The effects of prebiotic supplementation with OMNi‐LOGiC® FIBRE on fecal microbiome, fecal volatile organic compounds, and gut permeability in murine neuroblastoma‐induced tumor‐associated cachexia; Malignant diseases can cause tumor‐associated cachexia (TAC). Supplementation with prebiotic non‐digestible carbohydrates exerts positive metabolic effects in experimental oncologic diseases. The aim of this project was to assess the effect of prebiotic supplementation with OMNi‐ LOGiC® FIBRE on intestinal microbiome, bacterial metabolism, gut permeability, and inflammation in a murine model of neuroblastoma (NB)‐associated TAC. For this study, 2,000,000 NB cells (MHH‐ NB11) were implanted into athymic mice followed by daily supplementation with water or 200 mg prebiotic oligosaccharide (POS) OMNi‐LOGiC® FIBRE (NB‐Aqua, n = 12; NB‐POS, n = 12). Three animals of each tumor group did not develop NB. The median time of tumor growth (first visibility to euthanasia) was 37 days (IQR 12.5 days) in the NB‐Aqua group and 37 days (IQR 36.5 days) in the NB‐POS group (p = 0.791). At euthanasia, fecal microbiome and volatile organic compounds (VOCs), gut permeability (fluorescein isothiocyanate‐dextran (FITC‐dextran), and gut barrier markers were measured. Values were compared to sham animals following injection of culture medium and gavage of either water or OMNi‐LOGiC® FIBRE (SH‐Aqua, n = 10; SH‐POS, n = 10). Alpha diversity did not differ significantly between the groups. Principal coordinate analysis (PCoA) revealed clustering differences between Aqua and POS animals. Both NB and POS supplementation led to taxonomic alterations of the fecal microbiome. Of 49 VOCs, 22 showed significant differences between the groups. NB animals had significantly higher gut permeability than Aqua animals; POS did not ameliorate these changes. The pore and leak pathways of tight junctions did not differ between groups. In conclusion, our results suggest that NB‐induced TAC causes increased gut permeability coupled with compositional changes in the fecal microbiome and VOC profile. Prebiotic supplementation with OMNi‐LOGiC® FIBRE seemed to induce modifications of the fecal microbiome and VOC profile but did not improve gut permeability. © 2020 by the authors.
Effects of nutritional status on serum fetuin-A level; Fetuin-A is a glycoprotein structured molecule which is mostly released by the liver. As a multifunctional protein, fetuin-A has positive effects on health such as calcification, cardiovascular diseases and tumor development processes with various mechanisms, whereas it plays a negative role in the processes of obesity, diabetes and fatty liver disease. There are a large number of studies reporting that serum fetuin-A levels are affected by several dietary factors. It is reported in some of these studies that several nutrients increase fetuin-A release, while some others have adverse effects. It is put forward that some nutrients such as dairy products, curcumin, niacin, palmitate, coffee and alcohol consumption decrease fetuin-A level, and dietary omega-3 fatty acids intake may increase fetuin-A concentration. In addition, it is indicated that high blood glucose levels increase hepatic fetuin-A release by activating extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 enzymes and increased plasma free fatty acids do the same effect by increasing NF-KB activity. Despite these studies in the literature, there is not any review evaluating fetuin-A, chronic diseases and nutrition together. Therefore, in this study, the relationship between serum fetuin levels and some diseases and the effects of nutrients on fetuin A levels were investigated with possible mechanisms. © 2019, © 2019 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The effect of probiotics and synbiotics on risk factors associated with cardiometabolic diseases in healthy people—a systematic review and meta-analysis with meta-regression of randomized controlled trials; We aimed to systematically review the effectiveness of probiotic/synbiotic formulations to counteract cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in healthy people not receiving adjunctive medication. The systematic search (PubMed/MEDLINE/Embase) until 1 August 2019 was performed for randomized controlled trials in >20 adult patients. Random-effect meta-analysis subgroup and meta-regression analysis of co-primary (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), glucose, insulin, body weight, waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI), cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), triglycerides, and blood pressure) and secondary outcomes (uric acid, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1–PAI-1, fibrinogen, and any variable related to inflammation/endothelial dysfunction). We included 61 trials (5422 persons). The mean time of probiotic administration was 67.01 ± 38.72 days. Most of probiotic strains were of Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium genera. The other strains were Streptococci, Enterococci, and Pediococci. The daily probiotic dose varied between 106 and 1010 colony-forming units (CFU)/gram. Probiotics/synbiotics counteracted CMR factors (endpoint data on BMI: standardized mean difference (SMD) = −0.156, p = 0.006 and difference in means (DM) = −0.45, p = 0.00 and on WC: SMD = −0.147, p = 0.05 and DM = −1.21, p = 0.02; change scores on WC: SMD = −0.166, p = 0.04 and DM = −1.35, p = 0.03) in healthy persons. Overweight/obese healthy people might additionally benefit from reducing total cholesterol concentration (change scores on WC in overweight/obese: SMD: −0.178, p = 0.049). Poor quality of probiotic-related trials make systematic reviews and meta-analyses difficult to conduct and draw definite conclusions. “Gold standard” methodology in probiotic studies awaits further development. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Targeting metabolic syndrome with phytochemicals: Focus on the role of molecular chaperones and hormesis in drug discovery; Adaptive cellular stress response confers stress tolerance against inflammatory and metabolic disorders. In response to metabolic stress, the key mediator of cellular adaptation and tolerance is a class of molecules called the molecular chaperones (MCs). MCs are highly conserved molecules that play critical role in maintaining protein stability and functionality. Hormesis in this context is a unique adaptation mechanism where a low dose of a stressor (which is toxic at high dose) confers a stress-resistant adaptive cellular phenotype. Hormesis can be observed at different level of biological organization at various measurable endpoints. The MCs are believed to play a key role in adaptation during hormesis. Several phytochemicals are known for their hormetic response and are called phytochemical hormetins. The role of phytochemical-mediated hormesis on the adaptive cellular processes is proposed as a potential therapeutic approach to target inflammation associated with metabolic syndrome. However, the screening of phytochemical hormetins would require a paradigm shift in the methods currently used in drug discovery. © 2020
Regulation of Glucose and Lipid Metabolism by Long Non-coding RNAs: Facts and Research Progress; Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are a type of non-coding RNA with a length that exceeds 200 nucleotides. Previous studies have shown that lncRNAs play an important role in the pathogenesis of various diseases. Research in both animal models and humans has begun to unravel the profound complexity of lncRNAs and demonstrated that lncRNAs exert direct effects on glucose and lipid metabolism both in vivo and in vitro. Such research has elucidated the regulatory role of lncRNAs in glucose and lipid metabolism in human disease. lncRNAs mediate glucose and lipid metabolism under physiological and pathological conditions and contribute to various metabolism disorders. This review provides an update on our understanding of the regulatory role of lncRNAs in glucose and lipid metabolism in various diseases. As our understanding of the function of lncRNAs improves, the future is promising for the development of new diagnostic biomarkers that utilize lncRNAs and treatments that target lncRNAs to improve clinical outcomes. © Copyright © 2020 Zhang, Wang, Yang, Huang and Liu.
Interventions to prevent women from developing gestational diabetes mellitus: an overview of Cochrane Reviews; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing, with approximately 15% of pregnant women affected worldwide, varying by country, ethnicity and diagnostic thresholds. There are associated short- and long-term health risks for women and their babies. Objectives: We aimed to summarise the evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews on the effects of interventions for preventing GDM. Methods: We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (6 August 2019) with key words ‘gestational diabetes’ OR ’GDM’ to identify reviews pre-specifying GDM as an outcome. We included reviews of interventions in women who were pregnant or planning a pregnancy, irrespective of their GDM risk status. Two overview authors independently assessed eligibility, extracted data and assessed quality of evidence using ROBIS and GRADE tools. We assigned interventions to categories with graphic icons to classify the effectiveness of interventions as: clear evidence of benefit or harm (GRADE moderate- or high-quality evidence with a confidence interval (CI) that did not cross the line of no effect); clear evidence of no effect or equivalence (GRADE moderate- or high-quality evidence with a narrow CI crossing the line of no effect); possible benefit or harm (low-quality evidence with a CI that did not cross the line of no effect or GRADE moderate- or high-quality evidence with a wide CI); or unknown benefit or harm (GRADE low-quality evidence with a wide CI or very low-quality evidence). Main results: We included 11 Cochrane Reviews (71 trials, 23,154 women) with data on GDM. Nine additional reviews pre-specified GDM as an outcome, but did not identify GDM data in included trials. Ten of the 11 reviews were judged to be at low risk of bias and one review at unclear risk of bias. Interventions assessed included diet, exercise, a combination of diet and exercise, dietary supplements, pharmaceuticals, and management of other health problems in pregnancy. The quality of evidence ranged from high to very low. Diet. Unknown benefit or harm: there was unknown benefit or harm of dietary advice versus standard care, on the risk of GDM: risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.04; 5 trials; 1279 women; very low-quality evidence. There was unknown benefit or harm of a low glycaemic index diet versus a moderate-high glycaemic index diet on the risk of GDM: RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.31; 4 trials; 912 women; low-quality evidence. Exercise. Unknown benefit or harm: there was unknown benefit or harm for exercise interventions versus standard antenatal care on the risk of GDM: RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.84; 3 trials; 826 women; low-quality evidence. Diet and exercise combined. Possible benefit: combined diet and exercise interventions during pregnancy versus standard care possibly reduced the risk of GDM: RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.01; 19 trials; 6633 women; moderate-quality evidence. Dietary supplements. Clear evidence of no effect: omega-3 fatty acid supplementation versus none in pregnancy had no effect on the risk of GDM: RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.26; 12 trials; 5235 women; high-quality evidence. Possible benefit: myo-inositol supplementation during pregnancy versus control possibly reduced the risk of GDM: RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.64; 3 trials; 502 women; low-quality evidence. Possible benefit: vitamin D supplementation versus placebo or control in pregnancy possibly reduced the risk of GDM: RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.97; 4 trials; 446 women; low-quality evidence. Unknown benefit or harm: there was unknown benefit or harm of probiotic with dietary intervention versus placebo with dietary intervention (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.89; 1 trial; 114 women; very low-quality evidence), or probiotic with dietary intervention versus control (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.92; 1 trial; 111 women; very low-quality evidence) on the risk of GDM. There was unknown benefit or harm of vitamin D + calcium supplementation versus placebo (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.84; 1 trial; 54 women; very low-quality evidence) or vitamin D + calcium + other minerals versus calcium + other minerals (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.10 to 1.73; 1 trial; 1298 women; very low-quality evidence) on the risk of GDM. Pharmaceutical. Possible benefit: metformin versus placebo given to obese pregnant women possibly reduced the risk of GDM: RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.19; 3 trials; 892 women; moderate-quality evidence. Unknown benefit or harm:eight small trials with low- to very low-quality evidence showed unknown benefit or harm for heparin, aspirin, leukocyte immunisation or IgG given to women with a previous stillbirth on the risk of GDM. Management of other health issues. Clear evidence of no effect: universal versus risk based screening of pregnant women for thyroid dysfunction had no effect on the risk of GDM: RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.25; 1 trial; 4516 women; moderate-quality evidence. Unknown benefit or harm: there was unknown benefit or harm of using fractional exhaled nitrogen oxide versus a clinical algorithm to adjust asthma therapy on the risk of GDM: RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.77; 1 trial; 210 women; low-quality evidence. There was unknown benefit or harm of pharmacist led multidisciplinary approach to management of maternal asthma versus standard care on the risk of GDM: RR 5.00, 95% CI 0.25 to 99.82; 1 trial; 58 women; low-quality evidence. Authors' conclusions: No interventions to prevent GDM in 11 systematic reviews were of clear benefit or harm. A combination of exercise and diet, supplementation with myo-inositol, supplementation with vitamin D and metformin were of possible benefit in reducing the risk of GDM, but further high-quality evidence is needed. Omega-3-fatty acid supplementation and universal screening for thyroid dysfunction did not alter the risk of GDM. There was insufficient high-quality evidence to establish the effect on the risk of GDM of diet or exercise alone, probiotics, vitamin D with calcium or other vitamins and minerals, interventions in pregnancy after a previous stillbirth, and different asthma management strategies in pregnancy. There is a lack of trials investigating the effect of interventions prior to or between pregnancies on risk of GDM. Copyright © 2020 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Bromocriptine mesylate improves glucose tolerance and disposal in a highfat-fed canine model; Bromocriptine mesylate improves glucose tolerance and disposal in a high-fat-fed canine model. Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab 319: E133-E145, 2020. First published May 27, 2020; doi:10.1152/ajpendo.00479. 2019.-Bromocriptine mesylate treatment was examined in dogs fed a high fat diet (HFD) for 8 wk. After 4 wk on HFD, daily bromocriptine (Bromo; n = 6) or vehicle (CTR; n = 5) injections were administered. Oral glucose tolerance tests were performed before beginning HFD (OGTT1), 4 wk after HFD began (Bromo only), and after 7.5 wk on HFD (OGTT3). After 8 wk on HFD, clamp studies were performed, with infusion of somatostatin and intraportal replacement of insulin (4× basal) and glucagon (basal). From 0 to 90 min (P1), glucose was infused via peripheral vein to double the hepatic glucose load; and from 90 to 180 min (P2), glucose was infused via the hepatic portal vein at 4 mg•kg-1•min-1, with the HGL maintained at 2× basal. Bromo decreased the OGTT glucose ΔAUC0-30 and ΔAUC0-120 by 62 and 27%, respectively, P < 0.05 for both) without significantly altering the insulin response. Bromo dogs exhibited enhanced net hepatic glucose uptake (NHGU) compared with CTR (~33 and 21% greater, P1 and P2, respectively, P < 0.05). Nonhepatic glucose uptake (non-HGU) was increased ~38% in Bromo in P2 (P < 0.05). Bromo vs. CTR had higher (P < 0.05) rates of glucose infusion (36 and 30%) and non-HGU (~40 and 27%) than CTR during P1 and P2, respectively. In Bromo vs. CTR, hepatic 18:0/16:0 and 16:1/16:0 ratios tended to be elevated in triglycerides and were higher (P < 0.05) in phospholipids, consistent with a beneficial effect of bromocriptine on liver fat accumulation. Thus, bromocriptine treatment improved glucose disposal in a glucose-intolerant model, enhancing both NHGU and non-HGU. © 2020 the American Physiological Society.
Triglycerides and the risk of developing metabolic glucose disorders; On the basis of available experimental and clinical evidence, the elevated plasma triglycerides levels seem to play an important role in the dysregulation of glucose homeostasis. With this regard, it has been reported that the increase of fatty acid oxidation, related to hypertriglyceridemia, inhibit several steps of glycolytic oxidation pathway and decreases of glucose transport into cell; phenomenon that results in the decrease of insulin sensitivity in the skeletal muscle that leads to hyperglycemia. Based on the close relationship between elevated triglycerides and insulin resistance, recently, we developed the triglycerides-to-glucose index as a biomarker for identifying insulin resistance. Furthermore, results of studies in adults showed that hypertriglyceridemia is an independent risk factor for the development of hyperglycemia, suggesting that elevated triglyceride levels may precede the appearance of glucose metabolic disorders. The above mentioned strongly suggests that hypertriglyceridemia may play an important role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Hence, in this chapter we review available data in order to evaluate the usefulness of the triglyceride-to-glucose index, and whether triglycerides per se directly contribute to the development of metabolic glucose disorders. © 2020 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Perinatal exposure to maternal obesity: Lasting cardiometabolic impact on offspring; Evidence from epidemiological, clinical, and animal model studies clearly demonstrates that prenatal and lactational maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption are associated with cardiometabolic morbidity in offspring. Fetal and offspring sex may be an important effect modifier. Adverse offspring cardiometabolic outcomes observed in the setting of maternal obesity include an increased risk for obesity, features of metabolic syndrome (hypertension, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, increased adiposity), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. This review article synthesizes human and animal data linking maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption in pregnancy and lactation to adverse cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring. We review key mechanisms underlying skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, pancreatic, liver, and central brain reward programming in obesity-exposed offspring, and how such malprogramming contributes to offspring cardiometabolic morbidity. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Anti-glycation effect and the α-amylase, lipase, and α-glycosidase inhibition properties of a polyphenolic fraction derived from citrus wastes; The advanced glycation end products (AGEs) constitute a wide variety of substances synthesized from interactions between amino groups of proteins and reducing sugars, which excess induces pathogenesis of chronic diseases. Brazil is the major producer of citrus, a low-cost source of hesperidin, which is a polyphenol recognized for its capacity to inhibit AGEs formation. This is the first work to evaluate the effects of a polyphenolic fraction derived from citrus wastes on the antiglycation and on the inhibition properties of digestive enzymes on the possibility to process these wastes in high value-added products. At concentrations of 10, 15 and 20 mg/mL inhibition of AGEs was higher than 60%. The extracts were able to inhibit by 76% the activity of pancreatic lipase and by 98% the activity of α-glucosidase. For the α-amylase the inhibition capacity was lower than 50%. Strong correlation was obtained among anti-glycation with polyphenolic content and antioxidant capacity. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 is related to atherosclerosis independent of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and predicts atherosclerotic cardiovascular events; BACKGROUND: FGF21 (fibroblast growth factor 21), a novel hepatokine regulating lipid metabolism, has been linked to atherosclerotic disease. However, whether this relationship exists in patients without nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is unclear. We assessed the association between serum FGF21 levels and atherosclerosis in patients without nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and investigated whether baseline FGF21 could predict incident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in a 7-year prospective cohort. METHODS AND RESULTS: Baseline serum FGF21 was measured in a cross-sectional cohort of 371 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus without nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (determined by hepatic magnetic resonance spectroscopy), and in a population-based prospective cohort of 705 patients from the Shanghai Diabetes Study. In the cross-sectional study, FGF21 was significantly higher in patients with than in those without subclinical carotid atherosclerosis (P<0.01). The association remained significant after adjusting for demographic and traditional cardiovascular risk factors. In the prospective cohort, 80 patients developed atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease during follow-up. Baseline FGF21 was significantly higher in those who developed ischemic heart disease or cerebral infarction than in those who did not. Using a cutoff serum concentration of 232.0 pg/mL, elevated baseline FGF21 independently predicted incident total atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease events, ischemic heart disease, and cerebral infarction in a nondiabetic population (all P<0.05), and significantly improved the discriminatory and reclassifying abilities of our prediction model after adjustment for established cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence that FGF21 levels are elevated in patients without nonalcoholic fatty liver disease with subclinical atherosclerosis. Baseline FGF21 is an independent predictor of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and represents a novel biomarker for primary prevention in the general population. © 2020 The Authors.
Health beneficial effects of resistant starch on diabetes and obesity: Via regulation of gut microbiota: A review; Resistant starch (RS) is well known to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity. Recently, attention has been paid to gut microbiota which mediates the RS's impact on T2DM and obesity, while a mechanistic understanding of how RS prevents T2DM and obesity through gut microbiota is not clear yet. Therefore, this review aims at exploring the underlying mechanisms of it. RS prevents T2DM and obesity through gut microbiota by modifying selective microbial composition to produce starch-degrading enzymes, promoting the production of intestinal metabolites, and improving gut barrier function. Therefore, RS possessing good functional features can be used to increase the fiber content of healthier food. Furthermore, achieving highly selective effects on gut microbiota based on the slight differences of RS's chemical structure and focusing on the effects of RS on strain-levels are essential to manipulate the microbiota for human health. © 2020 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Probiotic and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation reduces insulin resistance, improves glycemia and obesity parameters in individuals with type 2 diabetes: A randomised controlled trial; Background: Probiotics and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation (PUFA) have beneficial effect on obesity related disorders in animal models. Methods: A total of 54 patients met the criteria and were included in double-blind single centre RCT, to receive “Symbiter-Omega” (combination of multiprobiotics with omega-3 PUFA) or placebo for 8-weeks administered as a sachet formulation. The primary main outcome was the change HOMA2-IR. Results: Combined use of the probiotic mixture with omega-3 PUFA leads to a significant reduction of HOMA2-IR (р = 0.018) and improvement of insulin sensitivity (% S) (p = 0.010) after 8 weeks of treatment period. Simultaneously were detected lowering of HbA1c from 8.26 ± 0.82 to 7.80 ± 0.86% (р = 0.006). In secondary outcome analysis significant decrease of body weight, BMI and markers of chronic systemic inflammation in comparison with placebo were found. Conclusion: Probiotic combination with omega-3 PUFA modestly improved insulin resistance and obesity related parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Correlation between serum proinsulin levels and fatty liver: The Dynamics of Lifestyle and Neighborhood Community on Health Study Health Study; Aims/Introduction: We explored the association between fatty liver and pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in a general population. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study included 489 (53.8% women) community-dwelling Japanese adults. The extent of fatty liver was estimated using the fatty liver index (FLI). After all participants were divided into three groups – low (FLI <30), moderate (30 ≤FLI <60) or high (FLI ≥ 60) degree of fatty liver – serum proinsulin levels transformed into natural logarithms were compared among the three groups. To determine whether obesity modified the association of interest, the participants were stratified into two groups according to the median body mass index. Next, to determine whether hyperinsulinemia modified the association of interest, a similar stratified analysis was carried out using the median serum insulin level. Results: Logarithm (proinsulin) was significantly higher in the high FLI group than in the moderate and low groups, and it was significantly higher in the moderate group than in the low group after adjustment for age and sex (P < 0.05). Logarithm (proinsulin) was significantly higher in the high FLI group than in the low FLI group, regardless of body mass index, after adjustment for age and sex. A similar pattern was observed regardless of serum insulin levels. Conclusions: The degree of fatty liver was positively associated with proinsulin level, regardless of the presence of obesity or hyperinsulinemia, suggesting that fatty liver reflects pancreatic β-cell dysfunction. © 2020 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Elevated first-trimester neutrophil count is closely associated with the development of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and adverse pregnancy outcomes; Chronic low-grade inflammation plays a central role in the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To investigate the ability of different inflammatory blood cell parameters in predicting the development of GDM and pregnancy outcomes, 258 women with GDM and 1,154 women without were included in this retrospective study. First-trimester neutrophil count out-performed white blood cell count and the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio in the predictability for GDM. Subjects were grouped based on tertiles of neutrophil count during their first-trimester pregnancy. The results showed that as the neutrophil count increased, there was a stepwise increase in GDM incidence as well as in glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels, HOMA for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), macrosomia incidence, and newborn weight. Neutrophil count was positively associated with prepregnancy BMI, HOMA-IR, and newborn weight. Additionally, neutrophil count was an independent risk factor for the development of GDM, regardless of the history of GDM. Spline regression showed that there was a significant linear association between GDM incidence and the continuous neutrophil count when it was >5.0 ☓ 109/L. This work suggested that the first-trimester neutrophil count is closely associated with the development of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Maternal liver metabolic response to chronic Vitamin D deficiency is determined by mouse strain genetic background; Background: Liver metabolite concentrations have the potential to be key biomarkers of systemic metabolic dysfunction and overall health. However, for most conditions we do not know the extent to which genetic differences regulate susceptibility to metabolic responses. This limits our ability to detect and diagnose effects in heterogeneous populations. Objectives: Here, we investigated the extent to which naturally occurring genetic differences regulate maternal liver metabolic response to vitamin D deficiency (VDD), particularly during perinatal periods when such changes can adversely affect maternal and fetal health. Methods: We used a panel of 8 inbred Collaborative Cross (CC) mouse strains, each with a different genetic background (72 dams, 3-6/treatment group, per strain). We identified robust maternal liver metabolic responses to vitamin D depletion before and during gestation and lactation using a vitamin-D-deficient (VDD; 0 IU vitamin D3/kg) or -sufficient diet (1000 IU vitamin D3/kg). We then identified VDD-induced metabolite changes influenced by strain genetic background. Results: We detected a significant VDD effect by orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis (Q2 = 0.266, pQ2 = 0.002): primarily, altered concentrations of 78 metabolites involved in lipid, amino acid, and nucleotide metabolism (variable importance to projection score ≥1.5). Metabolites in unsaturated fatty acid and glycerophospholipid metabolism pathways were significantly enriched [False Discovery Rate (FDR) <0.05]. VDD also significantly altered concentrations of putative markers of uremic toxemia, acylglycerols, and dipeptides. The extent of the metabolic response to VDD was strongly dependent on genetic strain, ranging from robustly responsive to nonresponsive. Two strains (CC017/Unc and CC032/GeniUnc) were particularly sensitive to VDD; however, each strain altered different pathways. Conclusions: These novel findings demonstrate that maternal VDD induces different liver metabolic effects in different genetic backgrounds. Strains with differing susceptibility and metabolic response to VDD represent unique tools to identify causal susceptibility factors and further elucidate the role of VDD-induced metabolic changes in maternal and/or fetal health for ultimately translating findings to human populations. Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License
Naringenin Upregulates AMPK-Mediated Autophagy to Rescue Neuronal Cells From β-Amyloid (1–42) Evoked Neurotoxicity; Deposition of an amyloid-β peptide is one of the first events in the pathophysiology of Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and is clinically characterized by Aβ plaques, tau tangles, and behavioral impairments that lead to neuronal death. A substantial number of studies encourage targeting the skewness in the production and degradation of amyloid-β could be among the promising therapies in the disease. Neuronal autophagy has emerged for an essential role in the degradation of such toxic aggregate-prone proteins in various neurodegenerative diseases. We profiled a small library of common dietary compounds and identified those that can enhance autophagy in neuronal cells. Here we noted naringenin in silico exhibits a robust affinity with AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and upregulated AMPK-mediated autophagy signaling in neurons. Naringenin can induce autophagy promoting proteins such as ULK1, Beclin1, ATG5, and ATG7 in Neuro2a cells and primary mouse neurons as well. The knockdown of AMPK by siRNA-AMPK was complemented by naringenin that restored transcript levels of AMPK. Further, naringenin can reduce the levels of Aβ at a nontoxic concentration from neuronal cells. Moreover, it maintained the mitochondrial membrane potential and resisted reactive oxygen species production, which led to the protection against Aβ1–42 evoked neurotoxicity. This highlights the neuroprotective potential of naringenin that can be developed as an anti-amyloidogenic nutraceutical. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Maternal dietary resistant starch does not improve piglet's gut and liver metabolism when challenged with a high fat diet; Background: In the past several years, the use of resistant starch (RS) as prebiotic has extensively been studied in pigs, and this mostly in the critical period around weaning. RS is believed to exert beneficial effects on the gastrointestinal tract mainly due to higher levels of short chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and an improved microbiota profile. In this study, sows were fed digestible starch (DS) or RS during late gestation and lactation and the possible maternal effect of RS on the overall health of the progeny was assessed. Since RS is also described to have a positive effect on metabolism, and to investigate a metabolic programming of the progeny, half of the piglets per maternal diet were assigned to a high fat diet from weaning on to 10 weeks after. Results: No bodyweight differences were found between the four experimental piglet groups. The high fat diet did however impact back fat thickness and meat percentage whereas maternal diet did not influence these parameters. The impact of the high fat diet was also reflected in higher levels of serum cholesterol. No major differences in microbiota could be distinguished, although higher levels of SCFA were seen in the colon of piglets born from RS fed sows, and some differences in SCFA production were observed in the caecum, mainly due to piglet diet. RNA-sequencing on liver and colon scrapings revealed minor differences between the maternal diet groups. Merely a handful of genes was differentially expressed between piglets from DS and RS sows, and network analysis showed only one significant cluster of genes in the liver due to the maternal diet that did not point to meaningful biological pathways. However, the high fat diet resulted in liver gene clusters that were significantly correlated with piglet diet, of which one is annotated for lipid metabolic processes. These clusters were not correlated with maternal diet. Conclusions: There is only a minor impact of maternal dietary RS on the progeny, reflected in SCFA changes. A high fat diet given to the progeny directly evokes metabolic changes in the liver, without any maternal programming by a RS diet.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Ganoderic acid A from: Ganoderma lucidum ameliorates lipid metabolism and alters gut microbiota composition in hyperlipidemic mice fed a high-fat diet; Ganoderic acid A (GA) is one of the most abundant triterpenoids in Ganoderma lucidum, and has been proved to possess a wide range of beneficial health effects. The aim of the current study is to investigate the amelioration effects and mechanism of GA on improving hyperlipidemia in mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD). The results showed that GA intervention significantly inhibited the abnormal growth of body weight and epididymal white adipose tissue (eWAT), prevented the hypertrophy of epididymal adipocytes, and ameliorated the biochemical parameters of serum and liver related to lipid metabolism in HFD-fed mice. Histological analysis also showed that the excessive accumulation of lipid droplets in the liver induced by HFD-feeding was greatly alleviated by GA intervention. In addition, GA intervention also increased the level of short chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in the intestine and promoted the excretion of bile acids (BAs) through feces. High-throughput sequencing of bacterial full-length 16S rDNA revealed that daily supplementation with GA made significant structural changes in the gut microbial population of mice fed with HFD, in particular modulating the relative abundance of some function related microbial phylotypes. The relationships between lipid metabolic parameters and gut microbial phylotypes were also revealed by correlation analysis based on a heatmap and network. The result showed that 46 key gut microbial phylotypes (OTUs) were markedly correlated with at least one lipid metabolic parameter. Moreover, UPLC-QTOF/MS-based liver metabolomics showed that 111 biomarkers (47 up-regulated metabolites and 64 down-regulated metabolites) were significantly changed after high-dose GA intervention (75 mg kg-1 day-1), compared with the HFD-fed hyperlipidemic mice. Metabolic pathway enrichment analysis of the differential hepatic metabolites demonstrated that GA intervention had significant regulatory effects on primary bile acid biosynthesis, fatty acid biosynthesis, amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism, inositol phosphate metabolism, and so on. In addition, GA intervention regulated the mRNA levels of hepatic genes involved in fatty acid metabolism and bile acid homeostasis. These findings present new evidence supporting that GA from G. lucidum has the potential to alleviate lipid metabolic disorders and ameliorate the imbalance of gut microflora in a positive way. This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Associations of maternal and fetal SCD-1 markers with infant anthropometry and maternal diet: Findings from the ROLO study; Background: Elevated stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD-1) activity showed associations with obesity in cross-sectional studies. In non-pregnant populations, nutrition regulates SCD-1 transcription and activity. Objective: To investigate the longitudinal associations of maternal and fetal SCD-1 activity markers with infant anthropometry up to 2 years of age, and to explore how selected dietary intakes modulate SCD-1 activity in pregnancy. Methods: As a secondary analysis from the ROLO intervention study, which was conducted in a population at risk for macrosomia, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) from maternal plasma at 13 and 28 weeks' gestation and in cord blood were measured via liquid-chromatography-mass-spectrometry. Fatty acid ratios 18:1/18:0 and 16:1/16:0 were used as markers for SCD-1 activity (‘desaturation indices’, DIs). Relationships of DIs with infant anthropometry up to 2 years of age and maternal dietary parameters during pregnancy were investigated using adjusted linear regression models and p-values correction for multiple testing. Results: 18:1/18:0, but not 16:1/16:0, was associated with measures of infant anthropometry at birth (maternal and fetal markers) and up to 2 years of age (maternal markers only). Dietary intakes did not show strong associations with 18:1/18:0, but 16:1/16:0 was associated with absolute and relative dietary intakes. Conclusions: In a population at risk for macrosomia, maternal SCD-1 activity measured via 18:1/18:0 was involved in the fetal programming of infant obesity, but could not be substantially modulated by short-term diet in pregnancy. Clinical trial registration: ISRCTN Registration number: ISRCTN54392969 (http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN54392969). © 2019
Disruption of fertility, placenta, pregnancy outcome, and multigenerational inheritance of hepatic steatosis by organotin exposure from contaminated seafood in rats; Early life exposure to endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) is an emerging risk factor for development of complications later in life and in subsequent generations. We previously demonstrated that exposure to the EDC organotin (OT), which is present in contaminated seafood, resulted in reproductive abnormalities in female rats. However, few studies have explored the effect of OT accumulation in seafood on pregnancy outcomes. This led us to consider the potential effects of the OT present in seafood on fertility, pregnancy, the placenta, and the offspring. In this investigation, we assessed whether exposure to the OT in contaminated seafood resulted in abnormal fertility and pregnancy features and offspring complications. OT in contaminated seafood (LNI) was administered to female rats, and their fertility, pregnancy outcomes, and fetal liver morphology were assessed. LNI caused abnormal fertility, a reduction in the total number of pups, and an increase in serum testosterone levels compared to controls. Furthermore, LNI exposure caused irregular uterine morphology with inflammation and fibrosis and led to a reduction in embryonic implantation. In pregnant rats, LNI caused abnormal lipid profiles and livers with steatosis features. LNI exposure also causes placental morpho-physiology disruption, a high presence of glycogen and inflammatory cells, and irregular lipid profiles. In addition, LNI exposure caused an increase in large amounts of carbohydrate and lipid delivery to the fetus via an increase in placental nutrient sensor protein expressions (GLUT1, IRβ/mTOR and Akt). In both genders of offspring, LNI exposure led to an increase in body weights, liver megakaryocytes, lipid accumulation, and oxidative stress (OS) levels. Collectively, these data suggest that OT exposure from contaminated seafood in female rats leads to reduced fertility, uterine implantation failure, pregnancy and placental metabolic outcome irregularities, offspring adiposity, liver steatosis, and an increase in OS. Furthermore, some of the effects of OT may be the result of obesogenic and multigenerational effects of OT in adult female rats. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Overview of dietary supplements on patients with type 2 diabetes; Background and aims: The primary approach for managing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) involves lifestyle modification and diet therapy along with pharmacologic interventions. Many patients are interested to identify nutritional supplements that may provide benefit in prevention and management of diabetes. However, the efficacy and safety of nutritional supplements such as chromium, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), vitamin D, zinc and magnesium in disease treatment is a worrying and controversial matter. In this narrative review, patients and health care providers are introduced to the effects of mentioned dietary supplements that may help in choosing or not choosing these supplements in treatment of diabetes. Methods: This review was carried out using comprehensive and systematic literature reports on the dietary supplements in the management of diabetes. Empirical searches were conducted using Google Scholar, Science Direct and PubMed databases. Searches were also undertaken using keywords, in English, such as “chromium” OR “vitamin D” OR “omega-3 fatty acids” OR “zinc” OR “magnesium” in combination with “type 2 diabetes”. Results: The available evidence is insufficient to create a definite conclusion that nutritional supplements including chromium, n-3 PUFAs, vitamin D, zinc and magnesium might be beneficial for the prevention and treatment of T2DM and therefore, the general recommendation to use these supplements in the management of diabetes cannot be justified. The results of most studies lack uniformity across multiple aspects, including different dose and formation of supplements, duration, and subjects under intervention. Conclusions: There is a need for well-designed, high quality, large and long-term studies to strengthen the available evidence and ensure the safety and efficacy of products. © 2020
Clinical research linking Traditional Chinese Medicine constitution types with diseases: a literature review of 1639 observational studies; OBJECTIVE: To analyze clinical studies on correlations between Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) body constitution types and diseases published in the past 10 years, and to provide an evidence base to support the use of such correlations for health maintenance and disease prevention. METHODS: We searched five databases for the period April 2009 to December 2019: China National Knowledge Infrastructure Database, Wanfang Database, China Science and Technology Journal Database, PubMed and Embase. Three types of observational studies on correlation between constitution types and diseases were included: cross-sectional, case-control and cohort studies. Descriptive statistical methods were employed for data analysis. RESULTS: A total of 1639 clinical studies were identified: 1452 (88.59%) cross-sectional studies, 115 (7.02%) case-control studies and 72 (4.39%) cohort studies covering 30 regions of China and five other countries (Malaysia, South Korea, Singapore, Thailand and France). The collection of studies comprised 19 disease categories and 333 different diseases. The 10 most commonly studied diseases were hypertension, diabetes, stroke, coronary atherosclerotic heart disease (CAHD), sleep disorders, neoplasm of the breast, dysmenorrhea, fatty liver disease, chronic viral hepatitis B and dyslipidemia. We found high distributions for each biased constitution type in different patient populations as follows: Qi-deficiency constitution in stroke, diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and hypertension; Yang-deficiency constitution in female infertility, osteoporosis, irritable bowel syndrome, gonarthrosis and dysmenorrhea; Yin-deficiency constitution in hypertension, diabetes, constipation, female climacteric states and osteoporosis; phlegm- dampness constitution in hypertension, stroke, fatty liver disease, diabetes and metabolic syndrome; damp-heat constitution in acne, chronic gastritis, chronic viral hepatitis B, human papillomavirus infection and hyperuricemia; blood-stasis constitution in CAHD, endometriosis and stroke; Qi-stagnation constitution in hyperplasia and neoplasms of the breast, insomnia, depression and thyroid nodules; and inherited-special constitution in asthma and allergic rhinitis. CONCLUSION: Eight biased TCM constitutions were closely related to specific diseases, and could be used to guide individualized prevention and treatment. More rigorously designed studies are recommended to further verify the constitution-disease relationship. © 2020 JTCM. All rights reserved.
Research progress on the effect of vitamin D deficiency on polycystic ovary syndrome patients with insulin resistance; Insulin resistance (IR), as an important pathophysiological change in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), plays a crucial role in female metabolic and reproductive disorders. Vitamin D deficiency is commonly observed in PCOS patients which is associated with long-term complications such as IR, reproductive disorders and cardiovascular diseases. In this paper, we discuss the research progress on the effect of vitamin D deficiency on PCOS patients with IR, in order to provide a better theoretical basis of the pathological mechanisms, diagnosis and treatment for these patients. © 2020 Chinese Medical Association
Chitosan oligosaccharide ameliorated obesity by reducing endoplasmic reticulum stress in diet-induced obese rats; Objective: This study aimed to determine whether chitosan oligosaccharide (COST) improves overweight by reducing endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in the liver and liver cancer cells. Methods: An obesity model was established by feeding Sprague-Dawley rats (ORs) a high-fat diet (HFD) and treating them with COST for 8 weeks. A model of lipid accumulation in hepatocellular carcinoma cells was established by treating HepG2 cells with free fatty acids and COST for 24 h. Results: COST treatment of ORs reduced weight gain, inhibited adipose tissue hypertrophy and hyperplasia, and reduced the fat-to-weight ratio. COST improved dyslipidaemia, reduced liver weight and organ index, inhibited hepatic lipid accumulation, and prevented liver steatosis, and the high COST dose increased TC and TG excretion in the stool. Treatment of lipid accumulation in HepG2 cells with COST reduced lipid accumulation and TG levels. COST modulated the expression of genes related to fat metabolism and ER stress response pathway-related factors in liver tissue and HepG2 cells. Conclusions: COST can inhibit weight gain and improve dyslipidaemia and lipid metabolism in ORs. The COST-mediated regulation of hepatic and HepG2 cell lipid metabolism might be related to inhibition of fat synthesis, acceleration of lipid oxidative catabolism and reduction in ER stress. © 2020 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Saturated Fats and Health: A Reassessment and Proposal for Food-Based Recommendations: JACC State-of-the-Art Review; The recommendation to limit dietary saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake has persisted despite mounting evidence to the contrary. Most recent meta-analyses of randomized trials and observational studies found no beneficial effects of reducing SFA intake on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and total mortality, and instead found protective effects against stroke. Although SFAs increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, in most individuals, this is not due to increasing levels of small, dense LDL particles, but rather larger LDL particles, which are much less strongly related to CVD risk. It is also apparent that the health effects of foods cannot be predicted by their content in any nutrient group without considering the overall macronutrient distribution. Whole-fat dairy, unprocessed meat, and dark chocolate are SFA-rich foods with a complex matrix that are not associated with increased risk of CVD. The totality of available evidence does not support further limiting the intake of such foods. © 2020 The Authors
Consumption of wild rice (zizania latifolia) prevents metabolic associated fatty liver disease through the modulation of the gut microbiota in mice model; Metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) due to excess weight and obesity threatens public health worldwide. Gut microbiota dysbiosis contributes to obesity and related diseases. The cholesterol-lowering, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidant effects of wild rice have been reported in several studies; however, whether it has beneficial effects on the gut microbiota is unknown. Here, we show that wild rice reduces body weight, liver steatosis, and low-grade inflammation, and improves insulin resistance in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice. High-throughput 16S rRNA pyrosequencing demonstrated that wild rice treatment significantly changed the gut microbiota composition in mice fed an HFD. The richness and diversity of the gut microbiota were notably decreased upon wild rice consumption. Compared with a normal chow diet (NCD), HFD feeding altered 117 operational taxonomic units (OTUs), and wild rice supplementation reversed 90 OTUs to the configuration in the NCD group. Overall, our results suggest that wild rice may be used as a probiotic agent to reverse HFD-induced MAFLD through the modulation of the gut microbiota. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Endocrine disruption and obesity: A current review on environmental obesogens; Obesity represents an important public health concern because it substantially increases the risk of multiple chronic diseases and thereby contributing to a decline in both quality of life and life expectancy. Besides unhealthy diet, physical inactivity and genetic susceptibility, environmental pollutants also contribute to the rising prevalence of obesity epidemic. An environmental obesogen is defined as a chemical that can alter lipid homeostasis to promote adipogenesis and lipid accumulation whereas an endocrine disrupting chemical (EDC) is defined as a synthetic chemical that can interfere with the endocrine function and cause adverse health effects. Many obesogens are EDCs that interfere with normal endocrine regulation of metabolism, adipose tissue development and maintenance, appetite, weight and energy balance. An expanding body of scientific evidence from animal and epidemiological studies has begun to provide links between exposure to EDCs and obesity. Despite the significance of environmental obesogens in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases, the contribution of synthetic chemical exposure to obesity epidemic remains largely unrecognised. Hence, the purpose of this review is to provide a current update on the evidences from animal and human studies on the role of fourteen environmental obesogens in obesity, a comprehensive view of the mechanisms of action of these obesogens and current green and sustainable chemistry strategies to overcome chemical exposure to prevent obesity. Designing of safer version of obesogens through green chemistry approaches requires a collaborative undertaking to evaluate the toxicity of endocrine disruptors using appropriate experimental methods, which will help in developing a new generation of inherently safer chemicals. © 2020 The Author(s)
Obeticholic acid improves fetal bile acid profile in a mouse model of gestational hypercholanemia; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is characterized by elevated maternal circulating bile acid levels and associated dyslipidemia. ICP leads to accumulation of bile acids in the fetal compartment, and the elevated bile acid concentrations are associated with an increased risk of adverse fetal outcomes. The farnesoid X receptor agonist obeticholic acid (OCA) is efficient in the treatment of cholestatic conditions such as primary biliary cholangitis. We hypothesized that OCA administration during hypercholanemic pregnancy will improve maternal and fetal bile acid and lipid profiles. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed either a normal chow diet, a 0.5% cholic acid (CA)supplemented diet, a 0.03% OCA-supplemented diet, or a 0.5% CA + 0.03% OCA-supplemented diet for 1 wk before mating and throughout pregnancy until euthanization on day 18. The effects of CA and OCA feeding on maternal and fetal morphometry, bile acid and lipid levels, and cecal microbiota were investigated. OCA administration during gestation did not alter the maternal or fetal body weight or organ morphometry. OCA treatment during hypercholanemic pregnancy reduced bile acid levels in the fetal compartment. However, fetal dyslipidemia was not reversed, and OCA did not impact maternal bile acid levels or dyslipidemia. In conclusion, OCA administration during gestation had no apparent detrimental impact on maternal or fetal morphometry and improved fetal hypercholanemia. Because high serum bile acid concentrations in ICP are associated with increased rates of adverse fetal outcomes, further investigations into the potential use of OCA during cholestatic gestation are warranted. © the American Physiological Society.
Interleukin 1 Receptor 1 Knockout and Maternal High Fat Diet Exposure Induces Sex-Specific Effects on Adipose Tissue Adipogenic and Inflammatory Gene Expression in Adult Mouse Offspring; Background: The global incidence of obesity continues to rise, increasing the prevalence of metabolic diseases such as insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Low-grade chronic inflammation, associated with the obese state, also contributes to the development of these metabolic comorbidities. Interleukin-1-receptor-1 (IL-1R1), a pro-inflammatory mediator, bridges the metabolic and inflammatory systems. In young male mice, deficiency of IL-1R1 (IL-1R1−/−) paired with a high-fat diet (HFD) offered beneficial metabolic effects, however in female mice, the same pairing led to metabolic dysfunction. Therefore, we examined the contribution of maternal HFD in combination with IL1R1−/− to metabolic health in adult offspring. Methods: Female C57BL/6 and IL-1R1−/− mice were randomly assigned to a control diet (10% kcal from fat) or HFD (45% kcal from fat) 10 days prior to mating and throughout gestation and lactation. Male and female offspring were housed in same-sex pairs post-weaning and maintained on control diets until 16 weeks old. At 15 weeks, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed to assess glucose tolerance. Histological analysis was carried out to assess adipocyte size and gene expression of adipogenic and inflammatory markers were examined. Results: IL-1R1−/− contributed to increased body weight in male and female adult offspring, irrespective of maternal diet. IL-1R1−/− and maternal HFD increased adipocyte size in the gonadal fat depot of female, but not male offspring. In female offspring, there was reduced expression of genes involved in adipogenesis and lipid metabolism in response to IL1R1−/− and maternal HFD. While there was an increase in inflammatory gene expression in response to maternal HFD, this appeared to be reversed in IL1R1−/− female offspring. In male offspring, there was no significant impact on adipogenic or lipid metabolism pathways. There was an increase in inflammatory gene expression in IL1R1−/− male offspring from HFD-fed mothers. Conclusion: This study suggests that IL-1R1 plays a complex and important role in the metabolic health of offspring, impacting adipogenesis, lipogenesis, and inflammation in a sex-specific manner. © Copyright © 2020 Bridge-Comer, Plows, Ramzan, Patel, Ganapathy, Stanley, Vickers and Reynolds.
Lactation versus formula feeding: Insulin, glucose, and fatty acid metabolism during the postpartum period; Milk production may involve a transient development of insulin resistance in nonmammary tissues to support redistribution of maternal macronutrients to match the requirements of the lactating mammary gland. In the current study, adipose and liver metabolic responses were measured in the fasting state and during a two-step (10 and 20 mU/m2/min) hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp with stable isotopes, in 6-week postpartum women who were lactating (n = 12) or formula-feeding (n = 6) their infants and who were closely matched for baseline characteristics (e.g., parity, body composition, and intrahepatic lipid). When controlling for the low insulin concentrations of both groups, the lactating women exhibited a fasting rate of endogenous glucose production (EGP) that was 2.6-fold greater and a lipolysis rate that was 2.3-fold greater than the formula-feeding group. During the clamp, the groups exhibited similar suppression rates of EGP and lipolysis. In the lactating women only, higher prolactin concentrations were associated with greater suppression rates of lipolysis and lower intrahepatic lipid and plasma triacylglycerol concentra-tions. These data suggest that whole-body alterations in glucose transport may be organ specific and facilitate nutrient partitioning during lactation. Recapitulating a shift toward noninsulin-mediated glucose uptake could be an early postpartum strategy to enhance lactation success in women at risk for delayed onset of milk production. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association. Reader.
Bisphenol A-induced metabolic disorders: From exposure to mechanism of action; Bisphenol A (BPA) is considered as ubiquitous xenooestrogen and an endocrine disrupting chemical which has deleterious effects on endocrine functions. Human populations are continuously exposed to BPA as it is abundant in daily life. It has been found to be associated with wide range of metabolic disorders notably type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). Numerous epidemiological studies have been conducted to find its role in development of DM. Experimental studies have found that BPA exposure is associated with pathogenesis of DM and also considered as a risk factor for gestational diabetes. Being a lipophilic compound, BPA is preferably accumulated in adipose tissues where it alters the production of adipokines that play important roles in insulin resistance. BPA induces apoptosis by caspase activation after mitochondrial damage and it impairs insulin signaling pathways by altering associated ion channel activity especially potassium channels. Perinatal exposure of BPA makes offspring more susceptible to develop DM in early years. Epigenetic modifications are the key mechanisms for BPA-induced metabolic re-programming, where BPA alters the expression of DNA methyltransferases involved in methylation of various genes. In this way, DNA methyltransferase controls the expression of numerous genes including genes important for insulin secretion and signaling. Furthermore, BPA induces histone modifications and alters miRNA expression. In this article, we have briefly described the sources of BPA exposure to human being and summarized the evidence from epidemiological studies linking DM with BPA exposure. Additionally, we have also highlighted the potential molecular pathways for BPA-induced DM. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Effect of Zn Supplementation on Trace Element Status in Rats with Diet-Induced Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Abstract: The present study aimed to assess the effect of Zn supplementation on trace element levels in the liver, serum, and hair of rats with dietary-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). A total of 26 3-month-old female Wistar rats were divided into four groups: control, NAFLD, Zn-supplemented (227 mg/L zinc as Zn sulfate Zn(SO)4 dissolved in a drinking water), and NAFLD-Zn-supplemented. NAFLD was verified by histological assessment of liver samples. The serum was examined for routine biochemical parameters. Trace elements content was assessed using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). Zn treatment resulted in an improvement in liver weight and morphology. Dietary supplementation with Zn prevented NAFLD-induced decrease liver Co. The tendency to increase liver Fe in the Zn-treated group was observed. Zn treatment decreased hepatic Al and serum V levels. However, Zn administration did not affect NAFLD-induced I, Mn, and Se depletion in the liver. Hair Zn levels raised in Zn-supplemented groups. Conclusively, the results of the study indicate that Zn supplementation could have a beneficial effect in modulation of the altered trace element status and liver morphology. Highlights: •Zn treatment improved liver weight and morphology in rats with NAFLD. •Zn supplementation decreased liver Al in NAFLD. •Treatment by Zn prevented depletion of liver Co. •Zn decreased serum V and increased hair Zn levels. •No effect of Zn on NAFLD-induced hepatic I, Mn and Se depletion was observed. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Circulating levels of C1q/TNF-α-related protein 6 (CTRP6) in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine disorders affecting females of reproductive age. It has been associated with cardiometabolic disorders including diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disorders, and increases the risk of developing fecundity pathologies including recurrent pregnancy loss (RPL) and infertility. C1q/tumor necrosis factor-α-related protein-6 (CTRP6) is a novel adipokine involved in glucose and lipid metabolism, host inflammation, and organogenesis. In the present study, we aimed to determine the association of serum CTRP6 levels with some components of metabolic syndrome in PCOS patients (infertile PCOS [inf-PCOS] and PCOS-RPL). This case–control study included 120 PCOS patients (60 inf-PCOS and 60 PCOS-RPL) and 60 healthy controls. Serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and homocysteine were measured using commercial kits, while adiponectin and CTRP6 levels were assessed using ELISA technique. Inf-PCOS and PCOS-RPL individuals had higher levels of serum CTRP6 than controls (546.15 ± 125.02 ng/ml and 534.04 ± 144.19 ng/ml vs. 440.16 ± 159.24 ng/ml; both p <.001). Moreover, serum adiponectin levels were significantly reduced, while fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, free testosterone, and hs-CRP levels were significantly elevated in PCOS group, when compared with controls. Furthermore, serum CTRP6 positively associated with body mass index in all subjects. It showed an inverse correlation with adiponectin in PCOS group and subgroups. However, it had a direct association with hs-CRP in PCOS group and inf-PCOS subgroup, but not PCOS-RPL subgroup. These findings unravel a probable role of CTRP6 in PCOS pathogenesis, which poses a possibility to be a good diagnostic target. However, further investigation is needed. © 2020 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Ultrasound imaging, a stethoscope for body composition assessment; Dysregulation of the human's energy balance, mediated by non-performing endocrine organs (liver, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, above all), can be related to human metabolic disorders characterized by an impaired body composition (BC), such as obesity and sarcopenia. While it is possible to monitor the BC and its variations at different levels, the tissue-organ composition studies have been proven to provide the most clinically applicable information. Ultrasonography (US), a fast, non-invasive, low-cost and widely available technique, holds great potential in the study of BC, as it can directly measure muscles, organs, visceral and subcutaneous fat tissue in different sections of the abdomen and body, overcoming some limits of anthropometric evaluation and other imaging techniques. Purpose of this review article is to explore the technical aspects and the applied methods of US examination to assess the potential clinical role of this technique in the context of BC characterization, investigating four pivotal topics [abdominal fat compartments, subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skeletal muscle, liver]. © Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery. All rights reserved.
Early-life nutrition and metabolic disorders in later life: a new perspective on energy metabolism; Type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic disorders have become an epidemic globally. However, the pathogenesis remains largely unclear and the prevention and treatment are still limited. In addition to environmental factors during adulthood, early life is the critical developmental window with high tissue plasticity, which might be modified by external environmental cues. Substantial evidence has demonstrated the vital role of early-life nutrition in programming the metabolic disorders in later life. In this review, we aim to overview the concepts of fetal programming and investigate the effects of early-life nutrition on energy metabolism in later life and the potential epigenetic mechanism. The related studies published on PubMed database up to March 2020 were included. The results showed that both maternal overnutrition and undernutrition increased the riskes of metabolic disorders in offspring and epigenetic modifications, including DNA methylation, miRNAs, and histone modification, might be the vital mediators. The beneficial effects of early-life lifestyle modifications as well as dietary and nutritional interventions on these deleterious metabolic remolding were initially observed. Overall, characterizing the early-life malnutrition that reshapes metabolic disease trajectories may yield novel targets for early prevention and intervention and provide a new point of view to the energy metabolism. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Exploring the causes and consequences of maternal metabolic maladaptations during pregnancy: Lessons from animal models; Pregnancy is a remarkable physiological state, during which the metabolic system of the mother adapts to ensure that nutrients are made available for transfer to the fetus for growth and development. Adaptations of maternal metabolism during pregnancy are influenced by the metabolic and nutritional status of the mother and the production of endocrine factors by the placenta that exert metabolic effects. Insufficient or inappropriate adaptations in maternal metabolism during pregnancy may lead to pregnancy complications with important short- and long-term effects for both the health of the child and mother. This is very evident in gestational diabetes, which is marked by greater glucose intolerance and insulin resistance above that expected of a normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with increased fetal weight and/or increased adiposity, higher instrumented delivery rates and greater risks for both mother and child of developing type 2 diabetes in the long-term. However, despite the negative health impacts of such metabolic imbalances during pregnancy, the precise mechanisms responsible for orchestrating these changes remain largely unknown. The present review describes the dynamic pregnancy-specific changes that occur in the metabolic system of the mother during pregnancy. It also discusses findings using surgical, pharmacological, genetic and dietary methods in experimental animals that highlight the role of pathways in maternal tissues that lead to metabolic dysfunction, with a particular focus on gestational diabetes. Finally, it summarises the work largely employing gene targeting and hormone administration in rodents that have illuminated the involvement of placental endocrine function in driving maternal metabolic adaptations. While current animal models may not fully replicate what is observed in humans, these have been instrumental in showing that there is a dynamic interplay between changes in maternal metabolic physiology and the placental production of endocrine factors that govern the availability of nutrients to the growing fetus. However, more work is required to specifically identify the placenta-driven changes in maternal metabolic physiology that ensure the appropriate level of insulin production and action during pregnancy. In doing so, these studies may pave the way to understanding the development of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, as well as further our understanding of type-2 diabetes and the control of metabolic physiology more broadly. © 2020
Association between dietary patterns and prediabetes risk in a middle-Aged Chinese population; Background: Information regarding dietary patterns associated with prediabetes in the Chinese population is lacking. The objective of the present study was to explore the association between major dietary patterns and the risk of prediabetes in a middle-Aged Chinese population. Methods: A total of 1761 participants (aged 45 to 59 years) were recruited in Hangzhou city, the capital of Zhejiang Province, China from June 2015 to December 2016. Dietary information was obtained by interview using a 138-item, validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (SQFFQ). Multivariate logistic regression models were used to analyze the associations between dietary patterns and the risk of prediabetes with adjustment of potential confounding variables. Results: Three dietary patterns were ascertained by factor analysis and labeled as traditional southern Chinese, Western, and grains-vegetables patterns. After controlling of the potential confounders, participants in the top quartile of the Western pattern scores had greater odds ratio (OR) for prediabetes (OR = 1.54; 95% confidence interval (CI):1.068-2.059; P = 0.025) than did those in the bottom quartile. Compared with those in the bottom quartile, participants in the top quartile of the grains-vegetables pattern scores had a lower OR for prediabetes (OR = 0.83; 95% CI:0.747-0.965; P = 0.03). Besides, no statistically significant association was observed in the association between the traditional southern Chinese pattern and prediabetes risk (P > 0.05). Conclusions: The findings of this study showed that the Western pattern was associated with higher risk, and the grains-vegetables pattern was associated with lower risk of prediabetes. Future prospective studies are required to validate our findings.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Review article: chronic liver disease and pregnancy; Background: The prevalence of chronic liver disease in women of child bearing age is increasing, leading to a higher incidence of pregnancy in this cohort. Chronic medical conditions have a significant adverse effect on maternal morbidity and mortality. To date, reviews on this topic have been written either from a hepatology or obstetrics viewpoint, and no specific guidelines are available solely for the management of chronic liver disease in pregnancy. Aims: To produce a comprehensive review on the clinical management of women with chronic liver disease during pregnancy, addressing the risks of pregnancy to mother and child, how these risks can be ameliorated, and what additional considerations are required for management of chronic liver disease in pregnancy. Methods: Data were collected up to May 2020 from the biomedical database PubMed, national and international guidelines in gastroenterology and hepatology. Results: During pregnancy, women with cirrhosis are more likely to develop decompensated disease, worsening of portal hypertension, and to deliver premature infants. Conclusions: The risks associated with pregnancy can be ameliorated by advanced planning, assessing risk using the model for end stage liver disease score and risk reduction through varices screening. A multidisciplinary approach is paramount in order to minimise complications and maximise the chance of a safe pregnancy and birth for mother and baby. © 2020 The Authors. Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Effects of different exercise intensities on visfatin level and glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetic rats; BACKGROUND: Visfatin has an insulin-like hypoglycemic effect with positive significance in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Different exercise intensities have different effects on the level of visfatin. OBJECTIVE: To observe the effects of 6-week aerobic exercise of different intensities on glucose metabolism and the level of visfatin in type 2 diabetic rats and to explore the relationship between them. METHODS: The male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with high-fat diet and injected with streptozotocin to establish a type 2 diabetes model. The 43 model rats were randomly divided into quiet control group (n=10), exercise group I (n=11), exercise group II (n=11) and exercise group III (n=11). The exercise intensities of the three exercise groups were 10, 15, and 20 m/min, respectively. Exercises of different intensities were performed 1 h/d, 5 days per week, for 6 continuous weeks. Blood samples were collected at the end of 6 weeks for determination of glucose metabolism-related indicators and serum and visceral levels of visfatin. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The indexes related to glucose metabolism (fasting blood glucose, glycosylated serum protein, insulin, insulin resistance index, etc.) in the three exercise groups were improved. The serum level of visfatin in the exercise groups I and II were significantly decreased (P < 0.01), while the serum level of visfatin in the exercise group III was decreased to some extent, but not significantly (P > 0.05). There was a significant decrease in visfatin level in the three exercise groups (P < 0.05), especially in the exercise group II (P < 0.01). The results indicate that low-intensity aerobic exercise can effectively improve insulin resistance and reduce blood glucose concentration in type 2 diabetic rats, and it is related to the loss of visceral fat and the reduction of visfatin secretion, where visfatin may play a positive role. © 2020, Journal of Clinical Rehabilitative Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.
Elevated alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy and subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or metabolic syndrome in adults, but the clinical significance of ALT or NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy; 2) ALT levels were measured in antenatal outpatient clinic at 4-20 weeks of gestation; 3) patients were screened for gestational diabetes and delivered in Cheil General Hospital and Women's Healthcare Center. Cases with viral hepatitis or other liver diseases were excluded. The early ALT levels were divided into two groups (normal ALT [≤ 95th percentile] and elevated ALT [> 95th percentile]), and the frequency of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia was compared between the two groups of cases. Gestational diabetes was screened and diagnosed by two-step procedure (50 g oral glucose challenge test and 75 g glucose challenge test with World Health Organization [WHO] criteria). Results: A total of 2,322 women met the inclusion criteria. Cases with elevated early ALT levels (> 95th percentile) had a higher risk of subsequent gestational diabetes and preeclampsia (gestational diabetes by WHO criteria, 2.1% in normal ALT vs. 6.5% in elevated ALT, P < 0.01; preeclampsia, 1.0% in normal ALT vs. 4.1% in elevated ALT, P < 0.05). This relationship between elevated ALT and increased risk of gestational diabetes/preeclampsia remained significant after adjustment for maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index. Conclusion: Elevated unexplained ALT in early pregnancy is associated with the risk of subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in late pregnancy. © 2020 The Korean Academy of Medical Sciences.
Circulating Cell-Free Nucleic Acids as Epigenetic Biomarkers in Precision Medicine; The circulating cell-free nucleic acids (ccfNAs) are a mixture of single- or double-stranded nucleic acids, released into the blood plasma/serum by different tissues via apoptosis, necrosis, and secretions. Under healthy conditions, ccfNAs originate from the hematopoietic system, whereas under various clinical scenarios, the concomitant tissues release ccfNAs into the bloodstream. These ccfNAs include DNA, RNA, microRNA (miRNA), long non-coding RNA (lncRNA), fetal DNA/RNA, and mitochondrial DNA/RNA, and act as potential biomarkers in various clinical conditions. These are associated with different epigenetic modifications, which show disease-related variations and so finding their role as epigenetic biomarkers in clinical settings. This field has recently emerged as the latest advance in precision medicine because of its clinical relevance in diagnostic, prognostic, and predictive values. DNA methylation detected in ccfDNA has been widely used in personalized clinical diagnosis; furthermore, there is also the emerging role of ccfRNAs like miRNA and lncRNA as epigenetic biomarkers. This review focuses on the novel approaches for exploring ccfNAs as epigenetic biomarkers in personalized clinical diagnosis and prognosis, their potential as therapeutic targets and disease progression monitors, and reveals the tremendous potential that epigenetic biomarkers present to improve precision medicine. We explore the latest techniques for both quantitative and qualitative detection of epigenetic modifications in ccfNAs. The data on epigenetic modifications on ccfNAs are complex and often milieu-specific posing challenges for its understanding. Artificial intelligence and deep networks are the novel approaches for decoding complex data and providing insight into the decision-making in precision medicine. © Copyright © 2020 Rahat, Ali, Sapehia, Mahajan and Kaur.
Effect of Maternal Exercise on Diet-induced Redox Imbalance in Hippocampus of Adult Offspring; Physical exercise practice has been increasingly recommended in the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases, causing a positive effect from body weight/fat loss to improved cognitive function. Maternal exercise seems to induce the same positive lifelong adaptations to the offspring. We hypothesized that maternal exercise can prevent redox imbalance in adult offspring's hippocampus exposed to a high-fat diet (HFD). Female Wistar rats were divided into three groups before and during pregnancy: (1) sedentary, (2) swimming exercise, and (3) swimming exercise with overload. On 60 days of age, the male pups were divided into standard diet or HFD for one month, yielding normal and HFD subgroups for each maternal condition. Maternal interventions did not alter gestational parameters, birth outcomes, and offspring weight gain from weaning to 90 days of age. The HFD consumption increased body fat, which was not prevented by maternal exercise. Serum glucose levels were increased by HFD, an effect that was prevented by unload maternal exercise. In the hippocampus, both maternal exercise intensities could increase antioxidant defense. Hippocampal redox homeostasis was impaired by HFD, causing increased superoxide levels, which was prevented by exercise without load, while overload caused only a reduction of the effect. In summary, the practice of swimming exercise without overload during pregnancy seems to be more beneficial when evaluated in animal model, preventing HFD induced redox imbalance and increasing antioxidant defense while overload swimming exercise during pregnancy demonstrated a negative effect on offspring submitted to HFD consumption. © 2020 IBRO
Adherence to DASH dietary pattern is inversely associated with osteoarthritis in Americans; Osteoarthritis (OA) is one of the most common diseases that cause disability among older adults. The objective of this study was to assess the association between adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and OA in American adults. This study included adults (≥ aged 20 years) who participated in the National Health and Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007–2016 in the United States. Adherence to the DASH score was calculated from 8 food groups. Higher scores indicate better adherence to the DASH dietary pattern. Among the 21,901 participants included in this study, 10.26% reported having OA. Results of our multivariable logistic regression indicated a statistically significant inverse association between DASH score tertiles and OA. The adjusted ORs (95% CI) were 1.00 (ref), 0.89 (0.72; 1.10), and 0.78 (0.60; 1.00) across increasing DASH score tertiles (P for trend = 0.045). In this representative sample of American adults, greater adherence to the DASH dietary pattern was associated with lower likelihood of having OA. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Heme Oxygenase-1 in liver transplant ischemia-reperfusion injury: From bench-to-bedside; Hepatic ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI), a major risk factor for early allograft dysfunction (EAD) and acute or chronic graft rejection, contributes to donor organ shortage for life-saving orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT). The graft injury caused by local ischemia (warm and/or cold) leads to parenchymal cell death and release of danger-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs), followed by reperfusion-triggered production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), activation of inflammatory cells, hepatocellular damage and ultimate organ failure. Heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1), a heat shock protein-32 induced under IR-stress, is an essential component of the cytoprotective mechanism in stressed livers. HO-1 regulates anti-inflammatory responses and may be crucial in the pathogenesis of chronic diseases, such as arteriosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes and steatosis. An emerging area of study is macrophage-derived HO-1 and its pivotal intrahepatic homeostatic function played in IRI-OLT. Indeed, ectopic hepatic HO-1 overexpression activates intracellular SIRT1/autophagy axis to serve as a key cellular self-defense mechanism in both mouse and human OLT recipients. Recent translational studies in rodents and human liver transplant patients provide novel insights into HO-1 mediated cytoprotection against sterile hepatic inflammation. In this review, we summarize the current bench-to-bedside knowledge on HO-1 molecular signaling and discuss their future therapeutic potential to mitigate IRI in OLT. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Prebiotics and type 2 diabetes: targeting the gut microbiota for improved glycaemic control?; Changes to the gut microbiota are reported in type 2 diabetes. The activity of the microbiota is integral in maintaining intestinal barrier function, disruption to which is proposed as a risk factor for the low-grade inflammation associated with insulin resistance. Can we target the microbiota through diet, and more specifically with prebiotics to improve barrier function and ultimately glycaemic control? This narrative review will discuss the evidence for barrier dysfunction in human type 2 diabetes and outline the recent evidence from clinical trials investigating the efficacy of prebiotics in glucose management. Copyright © 2020 John Wiley & Sons. Copyright © 2020 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Comprehensive Lipidome Profiling of the Kidney in Early-Stage Diabetic Nephropathy; Metabolic changes associated with diabetes are reported to lead to the onset of early-stage diabetic nephropathy (DN). Furthermore, lipotoxicity is implicated in renal dysfunction. Most studies of DN have focused on a single or limited number of lipids, and the lipidome of the kidney during early-stage DN remains to be elucidated. In the present study, we aimed to comprehensively identify lipid abnormalities during early-stage DN; to this end, we established an early-stage DN rat model by feeding a high-sucrose and high-fat diet combined with administration of low-dose streptozotocin. Using a high-coverage, targeted lipidomic approach, we established the lipid profile, comprising 437 lipid species and 25 lipid classes, of the kidney cortex in normal rats and the DN rat model. Our findings additionally confirmed that the DN rat model had been successfully established. We observed distinct lipidomic signatures in the DN kidney, with characteristic alterations in side chain composition and degree of unsaturation. Glyceride lipids, especially cholesteryl esters, showed a significant increase in the DN kidney cortex. The levels of most phospholipids exhibited a decline, except those of phospholipids with side chain of 36:1. Furthermore, the levels of lyso-phospholipids and sphingolipids, including ceramide and its derivatives, were dramatically elevated in the present DN rat model. Our findings, which provide a comprehensive lipidome of the kidney cortex in rats with DN, are expected to be useful for the identification of pathologically relevant lipid species in DN. Furthermore, the results represent novel insights into the mechanistic basis of DN. © Copyright © 2020 Hou, He, Ma, Yang, Xu, Lam, Shui, Yang, Zhang, Qiang and Du.
Gestational diabetes insipidus: Diagnosis and management; In the pregnant patient, hypotonic polyuria in the setting of elevated serum osmolality and polydipsia should narrow the differential to causes related to diabetes insipidus (DI). Gestational DI, also called transient DI of pregnancy, is a distinct entity, unique from central DI or nephrogenic DI which may both become exacerbated during pregnancy. These three different processes relate to vasopressin, where increased metabolism, decreased production or altered renal sensitivity to this neuropeptide should be considered. Gestational DI involves progressively rising levels of placental vasopressinase throughout pregnancy, resulting in decreased endogenous vasopressin and resulting hypotonic polyuria worsening through the pregnancy. Gestational DI should be distinguished from central and nephrogenic DI that may be seen during pregnancy through use of clinical history, urine and serum osmolality measurements, response to desmopressin and potentially, the newer, emerging copeptin measurement. This review focuses on a brief overview of osmoregulatory and vasopressin physiology in pregnancy and how this relates to the clinical presentation, pathophysiology, diagnosis and management of gestational DI, with comparisons to the other forms of DI during pregnancy. Differentiating the subtypes of DI during pregnancy is critical in order to provide optimal management of DI in pregnancy and avoid dehydration and hypernatremia in this vulnerable population. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in the fetus; Background/objectives: Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or maternal obesity have been linked to the development of diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver disease later in life with sex-specific manifestations. Alterations in miRNA expression in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity and effects on hepatic development are unknown. Here, we describe how exposure to maternal obesity in utero leads to sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in human fetal liver. Methods: Candidate miRNA expression was measured in second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women with GDM. Targets of differentially expressed miRNAs were determined and pathway enrichment of target genes was performed. MiRNA and target gene expression were measured in a separate cohort of second trimester primary human fetal hepatocytes (PHFH) exposed to maternal obesity via qPCR and western blot. All studies were IRB approved. Results: GDM-exposed AF had significant increases in miRNAs 199a-3p, 503-5p, and 1268a (fold change (FC) ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female offspring-specific analysis showed enrichment in miRNAs 378a-3p, 885-5p, and 7-1-3p (p < 0.05). MiRNA gene targets were enriched in hepatic pathways. Key genes regulating de novo lipogenesis were upregulated in obesity-exposed PHFH, especially in males. Significantly altered miRNAs in GDM AF were measured in obese-exposed PHFH, with consistent increases in miRNAs 885-5p, 199-3p, 503-5p, 1268a, and 7-1-3p (FC ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female PHFH exposed to maternal obesity had increased expression of miR-885-5p, miR-199-3p, miR-503-5p, miR-1268s, and miR-7-1-3p (p < 0.05), corresponding to decreased target genes expression for ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR. In male PHFHs, no miRNA changes were measured but there was increased expression of ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Our data suggest sex-specific changes in miRNA and gene expression in PHFH may be one mechanism contributing to the sexual dimorphism of metabolic disease in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity in utero. © 2019, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Undercarboxylated osteocalcin correlates with insulin secretion in Japanese individuals with diabetes; Background: Undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) is a secreted protein produced by osteoblasts that regulates insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity in rodents. However, the significance of these effects on glucose metabolism in human remains unknown. Moreover, the pathophysiological roles of ucOC on varying degrees of glucose intolerance, including diabetes need to be elucidated. In the present study, correlations between ucOC and indices of insulin secretion and sensitivity were analyzed in normal glucose tolerance (NGT), impaired glucose metabolism (IGM), and diabetes mellitus (DM) groups. Methods: Based on 75 g OGTT data in Japanese individuals without diabetic medication, or medications which may affect ucOC levels, individuals were classified as having normal glucose tolerance (NGT), impaired glucose metabolism (IGM), or diabetes (DM). In each group, 25 individuals were consecutively recruited [total 75 individuals, age: 65 ± 11 (mean ± SD); BMI: 24.9 ± 3.8 kg/m2]. QUICKI and Matsuda index (MI) were calculated as insulin sensitivity indices. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-β and insulinogenic index (IGI) were calculated as insulin secretion indices. UcOC was measured using ECLIA. Normally-distributed loge-transformed (ln-) values were used for ucOC, HOMA-β, IGI, and MI. Results: The ucOC was not significantly different among the three groups. The results of multiple regression analysis showed that ln-ucOC did not significantly correlate with age, sex, BMI, waist circumference, fasting plasma glucose, plasma glucose 120 min after glucose loading, fasting plasma immunoreactive insulin, ln-HOMA-β, QUICKI, or ln-MI in any of the three groups. Interestingly, ln-ucOC correlated with ln-IGI (r = 0.422, P = 0.0354) and HbA1c (r = - 0.574, P = 0.0027) only in the DM group. There was no significant correlation between ln-IGI and age, sex, BMI, or HbA1c in the DM group. Further, the results of multiple regression analysis showed that ln-IGI could be independently predicted by BMI (β = 0.598, P = 0.0014) and ln-ucOC (β = 0.641, P = 0.0007) in the DM group (R2 = 0.488, P = 0.0006). Conclusion: In our study, ucOC positively correlated with insulin secretion independently of BMI in Japanese individuals with diabetes. These results suggest that ucOC plays more important roles in insulin secretion than in insulin sensitivity in individuals with diabetes.  © 2020 The Author(s).
The offspring from rats fed a fatty diet display impairments in the activation of liver peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha and features of fatty liver disease; Maternal obesity programs liver derangements similar to those of NAFLD. Our main goal was to evaluate whether these liver anomalies were related to aberrant PPARα function. Obesity was induced in female Albino-Wistar rats by a fatty diet (FD rats). Several parameters related to NAFLD were evaluated in both plasma and livers from fetuses of 21 days of gestation and 140-day-old offspring. FD fetuses and offspring developed increased levels of AST and ALT, signs of inflammation and oxidative and nitrative stress-related damage. FD offspring showed dysregulation of Plin2, CD36, Cyp4A, Aco, Cpt-1, Hadha and Acaa2 mRNA levels, genes involved in lipid metabolism and no catabolic effect of the PPARα agonist clofibrate. These results suggest that the FD offspring is prone to develop fatty liver, a susceptibility that can be linked to PPARα dysfunction, and that this could in turn be related to the liver impairments programmed by maternal obesity. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Prevalence of NAFLD in Guatemala following exposure to a protein-energy nutrition intervention in early life; Introduction and objectives: The global prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is approximately 25%, with Hispanic populations at greatest risk. We describe the prevalence of NAFLD in a cohort of Guatemalan adults and examine whether exposure to a protein-energy supplement from conception to two years is associated with lower prevalence of NAFLD. Materials and methods: From 1969 to 1977, four villages in Guatemala were cluster-randomized to receive a protein-energy supplement (Atole) or a no-protein, low-energy beverage (Fresco). We conducted a follow-up of participants from 2015 to 2017. We assessed blood samples (n = 1093; 61.1% women; aged 37–53 years) for alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and estimated NAFLD prevalence using the liver fat score. We used generalized linear and logistic models to estimate the difference-in-difference effect of Atole from conception to two years on NAFLD. Results: Median ALT and AST were 19.7 U/L (interquartile range, IQR: 14.1, 27.4) and 26.0 U/L (IQR: 21.4, 32.8), respectively. The median NAFLD liver fat score was 0.2 (IQR: −1.2, 1.6) in women and −1.2 (IQR: −2.2, 0.5) in men (p < 0.0001). The prevalence of NAFLD was 67.4% among women and 39.5% among men (p < 0.0001). The association between Atole exposure from conception to two years and NAFLD was not significant (OR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.50–1.63). Conclusions: NAFLD prevalence among Guatemalan adults exceeds the global average. Protein-energy supplementation in early life was not associated with later NAFLD. There is a need for further studies on the causes and onset of NAFLD throughout the life course. © 2020 Fundación Clínica Médica Sur, A.C.
Theabrownin from Pu-erh tea together with swinging exercise synergistically ameliorates obesity and insulin resistance in rats; Purpose: Theabrownin (TB)-containing Pu-erh tea has been shown to be hypolipidemic in rats fed a high-fat diet. Physical exercise such as swinging is also known to reduce obesity. We hypothesized that TB in combination with swinging can synergistically ameliorate obesity and insulin resistance in rats with metabolic syndrome. Methods: TB, rosiglitazone, or lovastatin (controls) was administered by gavage to rats fed a diet high in fat, sugar, and salt. A subgroup of the rats was subjected to a 30-min daily swinging exercise regimen, whereas the other rats did not exercise. Results: Theabrownin in combination with swinging was found to significantly improve serum lipid status and prevent development of obesity and insulin resistance in rats. Liver transcriptomics data suggested that theabrownin activated circadian rhythm, protein kinase A, the adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase, and insulin signaling pathways by enhancing cyclic adenosine monophosphate levels and, hence, accelerating nutrient metabolism and the consumption of sugar and fat. The serum dopamine levels in rats increased significantly after exercise. In parallel work, intraperitoneal dopamine injections were shown to significantly reduce weight gain and prevent the elevation in triglyceride levels that would otherwise be induced by the high fat-sugar–salt diet. Theabrownin prevented obesity and insulin resistance mainly by affecting the circadian rhythm, while swinging exercise stimulated the overproduction of dopamine to accelerate metabolism of glucose and lipid. Conclusions: Theabrownin and exercise synergistically ameliorated metabolic syndrome in rats and effectively prevented obesity. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Serum levels of retinol-binding protein 4 and the risk of non-small cell lung cancer: A case-control study; Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4), as an adipokine, has been identified to be associated with several types of cancer. However, no studies have assessed its effect on non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) risk. The objective of this study was to assess the association between serum RBP4 levels and the risk of NSCLC.A case-control study design was used to recruit 256 confirmed NSCLC cases and 256 age- and gender-matched healthy controls by frequency between August 2017 and January 2019. Serum RBP4 was measured using enzyme-linked immune absorbent assay before treatment. Unconditional logistic regression analysis was applied to estimate the odds ratio and 95% confidence interval (CI).Serum RBP4 level was significantly higher in NSCLC patients than those in the healthy control group (36.05 ± 8.28 vs 29.54 ± 7.71 μg/mL, P < .05). Higher serum RBP4 level was associated with increased risk of NSCLC (P trend = .001). Compare with those in the lowest tertile, the adjusted odds ratios were 1.85 (95% CIs 1.07-3.2) (P = .029) for the second tertile and 2.18 (95% CIs 1.37-3.45) (P = .001) for the highest tertile after adjusting for confounding variables. No interactions were observed after stratified analyses by body mass index and smoking status (P for interaction:.584 and.357).Our study indicated that serum RBP4 level was positively related to the risk of NSCLC. Additional studies with prospective design are required to confirm this finding. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Changes in metabolites during an oral glucose tolerance test in early and mid-pregnancy: Findings from the PEARLS randomized, controlled lifestyle trial; The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is used to diagnose gestational and other types of diabetes. We examined metabolite changes during an OGTT, and how a comprehensive diet and physical activity intervention may influence these changes in a population of overweight/obese Hispanic pregnant women. Integration of changes in metabolites during an OGTT may help us gain preliminary insights into how glucose metabolism changes during pregnancy. Among women from the Pregnancy and EARly Lifestyle improvement Study (PEARLS), we measured metabolites during a multipoint OGTT (fasting, 30, 60 and 120 min) at early and mid-pregnancy. Metabolite levels were measured by liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry in plasma samples in the lifestyle intervention (n = 13) and control (n = 16) arms of the study. A total of 65 candidate metabolites were selected that displayed changes during an OGTT in previous studies. Paired and unpaired t-tests were used to examine differences in ∆fast-120 min: (1) at early and mid-pregnancy; and (2) by intervention assignment. We applied principal component analysis (PCA) to identify those metabolites that differed by intervention assignment and OGTT time points. Most of the characteristic changes in metabolites post-OGTT were similar at both gestational time points. PCA identified characteristic metabolite patterns associated with OGTT time points at both early and mid-pregnancy. These metabolites included ketone bodies, tryptophan, acyl carnitines, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and biomarkers related to bile acid, urea cycle, arginine, and proline metabolism. PCA identified distinct ∆fast-120 min in fatty acid, acyl carnitine, bile acid, ketone body, and amino acid levels at mid-compared to early pregnancy. Participants in the intervention group did not display mean decreases in ∆fast-120 min of several long-chain acyl carnitines that were observed in the control group. These findings provide preliminary insight into metabolites, whose role in increased insulin resistance during pregnancy, should be explored further in future studies. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between high prepregnancy body mass index, excess gestational weight gain, and poor breastfeeding with overweight in Chilean children 3 to 4 y of age; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the association between prepregnancy body mass, gestational weight gain, and inadequate breastfeeding (BF) with overweight in Chilean children ages 3 to 4 y. Methods: This was an analytical and cross-sectional study with 560 participants. Age, residence, BF, and weight gain information were collected from child care records. The children's nutritional status (NS) was determined according to the weight-for-height z-score for sex. Bivariate relationships were evaluated by the χ2 test, and a multivariate logistic regression model was applied with the Stata version 15 software at α < 0.05. Results: Prepregnancy NS values were 37% normal and 63% overweight. Excess weight gain occurred in 75% of the mothers. The children's NS was related to the duration of BF (P = 0.002), prepregnancy NS (P = 0.002), and weight gain (P = 0.004). When adjusting the logistic regression model for sex and maternal age, the overweight prepregnancy NS increased up to twice the risk for OW in children (odds ratio [OR], 2; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3–4.1), as well as excess weight gain (OR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.5–5.9), and non-exclusive BF (OR, 2.4; 95% CI, 1.3–4.4). Conclusion: Children showing risk factors such as non-exclusive BF, prepregnancy NS with overweight, and excess gestational weight gain faced between 2 and 2.4 times more risk for overweight than children without these factors. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Impact of treatment with rutf on plasma lipid profiles of severely malnourished pakistani children; (1) Background: Little is known on impacts of ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) treatment on lipid metabolism in children with severe acute malnutrition (SAM). (2) Methods: We analyzed glycerophospholipid fatty acids (FA) and polar lipids in plasma of 41 Pakistani children with SAM before and after 3 months of RUTF treatment using gas chromatography and flow-injection analysis tandem mass spectrometry, respectively. Statistical analysis was performed using univariate, multivariate tests and evaluated for the impact of age, sex, breastfeeding status, hemoglobin, and anthropometry. (3) Results: Essential fatty acid (EFA) depletion at baseline was corrected by RUTF treatment which increased EFA. In addition, long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) and the ratio of arachidonic acid (AA)/linoleic acid increased reflecting greater EFA conversion to LC-PUFA, whereas Mead acid/AA decreased. Among phospholipids, lysophosphatidylcholines (lyso.PC) were most impacted by treatment; in particular, saturated lyso.PC decreased. Higher child age and breastfeeding were associated with great decrease in total saturated FA (ΣSFA) and lesser decrease in monounsaturated FA and total phosphatidylcholines (ΣPC). Conclusions: RUTF treatment improves EFA deficiency in SAM, appears to enhance EFA conversion to biologically active LC-PUFA, and reduces lipolysis reflected in decreased ΣSFA and saturated lyso.PC. Child age and breastfeeding modify treatment-induced changes in ΣSFA and ΣPC. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The intrinsic virtues of EGCG, an extremely good cell guardian, on prevention and treatment of diabesity complications; The pandemic proportion of diabesity-a combination of obesity and diabetes-sets a worldwide health issue. Experimental and clinical studies have progressively reinforced the pioneering epidemiological observation of an inverse relationship between consumption of polyphenol-rich nutraceutical agents and mortality from cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. With chemical identification of epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) as the most abundant catechin of green tea, a number of cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying the activities of this unique catechin have been proposed. Favorable effects of EGCG have been initially attributed to its scavenging effects on free radicals, inhibition of ROS-generating mechanisms and upregulation of antioxidant enzymes. Biologic actions of EGCG are concentration-dependent and under certain conditions EGCG may exert pro-oxidant activities, including generation of free radicals. The discovery of 67-kDa laminin as potential EGCG membrane target has broaden the likelihood that EGCG may function not only because of its highly reactive nature, but also via receptor-mediated activation of multiple signaling pathways involved in cell proliferation, angiogenesis and apoptosis. Finally, by acting as epigenetic modulator of DNA methylation and chromatin remodeling, EGCG may alter gene expression and modify miRNA activities. Despite unceasing research providing detailed insights, ECGC composite activities are still not completely understood. This review summarizes the most recent evidence on molecular mechanisms by which EGCG may activate signal transduction pathways, regulate transcription factors or promote epigenetic changes that may contribute to prevent pathologic processes involved in diabesity and its cardiovascular complications. © 2020 MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and Sarcopenic Obesity: Pathogenesis, Diagnosis, and Treatments; Sarcopenic obesity and diabetes are two increasing health problems worldwide, which both share many common risk factors, such as aging, and general obesity. The pathogenesis of sarcopenic obesity includes aging, physical inactivity, malnutrition, low-grade inflammation, insulin resistance, and hormonal changes. Nevertheless, there are two major reasons to cause diabetes: impaired insulin secretion and impaired insulin action. Furthermore, the individual diagnosis of obesity and sarcopenia should be combined to adequately define sarcopenic obesity. Also, the diagnosis of diabetes includes fasting plasma glucose test (FPG), 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), glycated hemoglobin (A1C), and random plasma glucose coupled with symptoms. Healthy diet and physical activity are beneficial to both sarcopenic obesity and diabetes, but there are only recommended drugs for diabetes. This review consolidates and discusses the latest research in pathogenesis, diagnosis, and treatments of diabetes and sarcopenic obesity. © Copyright © 2020 Wang, Tan, Shi, Wang, Liao and Wei.
Targeting of cd163+ macrophages in inflammatory and malignant diseases; The macrophage is a key cell in the pro-and anti-inflammatory response including that of the inflammatory microenvironment of malignant tumors. Much current drug development in chronic inflammatory diseases and cancer therefore focuses on the macrophage as a target for immunotherapy. However, this strategy is complicated by the pleiotropic phenotype of the macrophage that is highly responsive to its microenvironment. The plasticity leads to numerous types of macrophages with rather different and, to some extent, opposing functionalities, as evident by the existence of macrophages with either stimulating or down-regulating effect on inflammation and tumor growth. The phenotypes are characterized by different surface markers and the present review describes recent progress in drug-targeting of the surface marker CD163 expressed in a subpopulation of macrophages. CD163 is an abundant endocytic receptor for multiple ligands, quantitatively important being the haptoglobin-hemoglobin complex. The microenvironment of inflammation and tumorigenesis is particular rich in CD163+ macrophages. The use of antibodies for directing anti-inflammatory (e.g. glucocorticoids) or tumoricidal (e.g. doxorubicin) drugs to CD163+ macrophages in animal models of inflammation and cancer has demonstrated a high efficacy of the conjugate drugs. This macrophage-targeting approach has a low toxicity profile that may highly improve the therapeutic window of many current drugs and drug candidates. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Electrochemical Sensors Based on Carbon Nanomaterial Used in Diagnosing Metabolic Disease; Metabolic diseases have become common diseases with the improvement of living standards because of changed dietary habits and living habits, which seriously affect health. Currently, related biomarkers have been widely used as important indicators for clinical diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of metabolic diseases. Among all detection methods for biomarkers of metabolic diseases, electrochemical sensor technology has the advantages of simplicity, real-time analysis, and low cost. Carbon nanomaterials were preeminent materials for fabricating electrochemical sensors in order to enhance the performance. In this paper, we summarize the research progress in the past 3 years of electrochemical sensors based on carbon nanomaterials in detecting markers of metabolic diseases, which include carbon nanotubes, graphene, carbon quantum dots, fullerene, and carbon nitride. Additionally, we discuss the future prospects for this field. © Copyright © 2020 Zhang and Du.
Higher serum selenoprotein p level as a novel inductor of metabolic complications in psoriasis; Selenoprotein P (SeP), a member of hepatokines, is involved in the development of various metabolic diseases closely related to psoriasis, but it has not been explored in that dermatosis so far. The study aimed to evaluate the clinical value of serum SeP concentrations in patients with psoriasis and its interplay between disease activity, metabolic or inflammatory parameters and systemic therapy. The study included thirty-three patients with flared plaque-type psoriasis and fifteen healthy volunteers. Blood samples were collected before and after three months of treatment with methotrexate or acitretin. Serum SeP levels were evaluated using the immune–enzymatic method. SeP concentration was significantly higher in patients with psoriasis than in the controls (p < 0.05). Further, in patients with severe psoriasis, SeP was significantly increased, compared with the healthy volunteers before treatment, and significantly decreased after (p < 0.05, p = 0.041, respectively). SeP positively correlated with C-reactive protein and platelets and negatively with red blood counts (p = 0.008, p = 0.013, p = 0.022, respectively). Therapy resulted in a significant decrease in SeP level. Selenoprotein P may be a novel indicator of inflammation and the metabolic complications development in psoriatics, especially with severe form or with concomitant obesity. Classic systemic therapy has a beneficial effect on reducing the risk of comorbidities by inhibiting SeP. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Pharmacological management of vascular endothelial dysfunction in diabetes: TCM and western medicine compared based on biomarkers and biochemical parameters; Diabetes, a worldwide health concern while burdening significant populace of countries with time due to a hefty increase in both incidence and prevalence rates. Hyperglycemia has been buttressed both in clinical and experimental studies to modulate widespread molecular actions that effect macro and microvascular dysfunctions. Endothelial dysfunction, activation, inflammation, and endothelial barrier leakage are key factors contributing to vascular complications in diabetes, plus the development of diabetes-induced cardiovascular diseases. The recent increase in molecular, transcriptional, and clinical studies has brought a new scope to the understanding of molecular mechanisms and the therapeutic targets for endothelial dysfunction in diabetes. In this review, an attempt made to discuss up to date critical and emerging molecular signaling pathways involved in the pathophysiology of endothelial dysfunction and viable pharmacological management targets. Importantly, we exploit some Traditional Chinese Medicines (TCM)/TCM isolated bioactive compounds modulating effects on endothelial dysfunction in diabetes. Finally, clinical studies data on biomarkers and biochemical parameters involved in the assessment of the efficacy of treatment in vascular endothelial dysfunction in diabetes was compared between clinically used western hypoglycemic drugs and TCM formulas. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
The food-gut axis: Lactic acid bacteria and their link to food, the gut microbiome and human health; Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are present in foods, the environment and the animal gut, although fermented foods (FFs) are recognized as the primary niche of LAB activity. Several LAB strains have been studied for their health-promoting properties and are employed as probiotics. FFs are recognized for their potential beneficial effects, which we review in this article. They are also an important source of LAB, which are ingested daily upon FF consumption. In this review, we describe the diversity of LAB and their occurrence in food as well as the gut microbiome. We discuss the opportunities to study LAB diversity and functional properties by considering the availability of both genomic and metagenomic data in public repositories, as well as the different latest computational tools for data analysis. In addition, we discuss the role of LAB as potential probiotics by reporting the prevalence of key genomic features in public genomes and by surveying the outcomes of LAB use in clinical trials involving human subjects. Finally, we highlight the need for further studies aimed at improving our knowledge of the link between LAB-fermented foods and the human gut from the perspective of health promotion. © FEMS 2020.
Protective effect of quercetin on streptozotocin-induced diabetic peripheral neuropathy rats through modulating gut microbiota and reactive oxygen species level; Objective: Diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) is a prevalent complication of diabetes with no effective drug currently. As a powerful antioxidant, the ﬂavonoid quercetin has been demonstrated to have potential neuroprotective and prebiotic capacity. But the mechanism of its neuroprotective function and the link to the gut microbiota remains to be elucidated. Methods: The neuroprotective effect of quercetin was evaluated on streptozotocin(STZ)-induced DPN rats through electrophysiology, behavioristic, and pathomorphology studies. Serum and urine reactive oxygen species (ROS) production levels and fecal gut microbiota compositions were detected, and the relationship between them was analyzed by Spearman's correlation. Results: Quercetin not only reversed the decreased mechanical withdraw thresholds and intraepidermal nerve fiber densities in DPN rats, but also improved neurological morphology of sciatic nerves, accompanied with up-regulated percentage of paranodes at paranodal junctions, and down-regulated amyloid precursor protein and ionized calcium-binding adaptor molecule 1 in DPN rats. More importantly, quercetin rescued gut dysbiosis in DPN rats by decreasing four potential pathogenic species and enriching two prebiotic species associated with DPN phenotypes and ROS production levels. Conclusions: Quercetin exerts neuroprotective effect and modulates gut microbiota associated with DPN phenotypes and ROS production levels in STZ-induced DPN rats, suggesting the therapeutic application of quercetin for DPN prevention and treatment. © 2020 The Authors
Correlates of pentraxin 3 serum concentration in men and women with type 2 diabetes; Elevated levels of plasma pentraxin 3 (PTX3), a marker of inflammation, are associated with the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases in the general population, as well as in patients with type 2 diabetes (DM2). In this study, we aimed to determine factors associated with PTX3 serum concentrations in men and women with DM2. The study included 116 consecutive patients (67 men and 49 women) with DM2 from an outpatient diabetic clinic. Men were characterised by lower age and higher uric acid, creatinine and bilirubin concentrations and waist/hip ratio than women. In women, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels were higher than in men. In men, median (interquartile range) values of PTX3 concentration were 4.02 (1.99), and in women they were 4.53 (3.31) ng/ml (NS). In men, PTX3 concentrations correlated with total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, apolipoprotein (Apo) C3, Apo B48, Glc and creatinine levels. In women, PTX3 correlated significantly with TC and LDL-C and Apo B100. Partial regression analysis revealed that after adjusting for age, PTX3 concentrations in men were significantly associated with TC, LDL-C, triglycerides, creatinine, Apo C3 and Apo B48, while in women they were associated with TC, LDL-C and Apo B100. The results could be of importance in sex-specific prevention of vascular complications in DM2 patients. © The Author(s) 2019.
The role of epigenetics in the development of obesity; The epidemic of obesity has become pandemic, putting a significant burden on the world's healthcare system. While the heritability of the disease is high, all the identified genetic variants associated to obesity account for a very small percentage of phenotypic variation. The origins of the obesity pandemic cannot be explained exclusively due to genetic factors. In recent years, epigenetic studies have offered valuable information for a deeper understanding of the steep increase in global obesity rates. Existing evidence indicate that environmental exposures induce alterations to the epigenome, leading to the transmission of obesity risk across generations. In this review, we provide insight into the epigenetic disturbances associated with obesity and discuss the impact of harmful diets, particularly calorie-dense foods, in the epigenetic regulation of obesity. The epigenetics of obesity is an expanding area of research, and current reports suggest potential in the use of epigenetic mechanisms as clinical biomarkers and therapeutic candidates. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Macro-and micronutrients from traditional food plants could improve nutrition and reduce non-communicable diseases of islanders on atolls in the South Pacific; Pacific Islanders have paid dearly for abandoning traditional diets, with diabetes and other non-communicable diseases (NCD) widespread. Starchy root crops like sweet potato, taro, and cassava are difficult to grow on the potassium-deficient soils of atolls, and high energy, low nutrient imported foods and drinks are popular. Nutritious, leafy food plants adapted to alkaline, salty, coral soils could form part of a food system strategy to reduce NCD rates. This project targeted four atolls south of Tarawa, Kiribati, and was later extended to Tuvalu. Mineral levels in diverse, local leafy food plants were compared to reveal genotype–environment interactions. Food plants varied in ability to accumulate minerals in leaves and in tolerance of mineral-deficient soils. Awareness activities which included agriculture, health, and education officers targeted atoll communities. Agriculture staff grew planting material in nurseries and provided it to farmers. Rejuvenation of abandoned giant swamp taro pits to form diversified nutritious food gardens was encouraged. Factsheets promoted the most suitable species from 24 analyzed, with multiple samples of each. These included Cnidoscolus aconitifolius (chaya), Pseuderanthemum whartonianum (ofenga), Polyscias scutellaria (hedge panax), and Portulaca oleracea (purslane). The promoted plants have been shown in other studies to have anti-NCD effects. Inclusion of the findings in school curricula and practical application in the form of demonstration school food gardens, as well as increased uptake by farmers, are needed. Further research is needed on bioavailability of minerals in plants containing phytates and tannins. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Role of Histone Deacetylases in Skeletal Muscle Physiology and Systemic Energy Homeostasis: Implications for Metabolic Diseases and Therapy; Skeletal muscle is the largest metabolic organ in the human body and is able to rapidly adapt to drastic changes during exercise. Histone acetyltransferases (HATs) and histone deacetylases (HDACs), which target histone and non-histone proteins, are two major enzyme families that control the biological process of histone acetylation and deacetylation. Balance between these two enzymes serves as an essential element for gene expression and metabolic and physiological function. Genetic KO/TG murine models reveal that HDACs possess pivotal roles in maintaining skeletal muscles’ metabolic homeostasis, regulating skeletal muscles motor adaptation and exercise capacity. HDACs may be involved in mitochondrial remodeling, insulin sensitivity regulation, turn on/off of metabolic fuel switching and orchestrating physiological homeostasis of skeletal muscles from the process of myogenesis. Moreover, many myogenic factors and metabolic factors are modulated by HDACs. HDACs are considered as therapeutic targets in clinical research for treatment of cancer, inflammation, and neurological and metabolic-related diseases. This review will focus on physiological function of HDACs in skeletal muscles and provide new ideas for the treatment of metabolic diseases. © Copyright © 2020 Tian, Liu, Ren, Lee, Wang and Chen.
Acute fatty liver during pregnancy and gestational diabetes insipidus: A case report; Acute fatty liver during pregnancy (AFLP) is an emergency and potentially fatal condition occurring during the peripartum period. It is characterized by fatty microvascular infiltration of hepatocytes and has an incidence rate of approximately one in 7,000 to one in 20,000 pregnancies. It may induce profound liver failure and can be accompanied by renal failure, polydipsia/polyuria, disseminated intravascular coagulation, hypoglycemia, and encephalopathy. Emergency delivery at the appropriate time is crucial to control the development of AFLP. Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is another rare disorder characterized by polyuria, polydipsia, and dehydration. It has an incidence rate of 2–4 cases/100,000 pregnancies and develops during the third trimester. Here the authors present the case of a patient with AFLP and transient GDI complicated with non-reassuring fetal status. The conditions were resolved after delivery and multidisciplinary intensive care. © 2020 Wang et al.
GlycA, a novel marker for low grade inflammation, reflects gut microbiome diversity and is more accurate than high sensitive CRP in reflecting metabolomic profile; Introduction: Gut microbiota is, along with adipose tissue, recognized as a source for many metabolic and inflammatory disturbances that may contribute to the individual’s state of health. Objectives: We investigated in cross-sectional setting the feasibility of utilizing GlycA, a novel low grade inflammatory marker, and traditional low grade inflammatory marker, high sensitivity CRP (hsCRP), in reflecting serum metabolomics status and gut microbiome diversity. Methods: Fasting serum samples of overweight/obese pregnant women (n = 335, gestational weeks: mean 13.8) were analysed for hsCRP by immunoassay, GlycA and metabolomics status by NMR metabolomics and faecal samples for gut microbiome diversity by metagenomics. The benefits of GlycA as a metabolic marker were investigated against hsCRP. Results: The GlycA concentration correlated with more of the metabolomics markers (144 out of 157), than hsCRP (55 out of 157) (FDR < 0.05). The results remained essentially the same when potential confounding factors known to associate with GlycA and hsCRP levels were taken into account (P < 0.05). This was attributable to the detected correlations between GlycA and the constituents and concentrations of several sized VLDL-particles and branched chain amino acids, which were statistically non-significant with regard to hsCRP. GlycA, but not hsCRP, correlated inversely with gut microbiome diversity. Conclusion: GlycA is a superior marker than hsCRP in assessing the metabolomic profile and gut microbiome diversity. It is proposed that GlycA may act as a novel marker that reflects both the gut microbiome and adipose tissue originated metabolic aberrations; this proposal will need to be verified with regard to clinical outcomes. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01922791, August 14, 2013. © 2020, The Author(s).
Flavonoids from Aurantii Fructus Immaturus and Aurantii Fructus: Promising phytomedicines for the treatment of liver diseases; Background: Liver diseases and related complications are major sources of morbidity and mortality, which places a huge financial burden on patients and lead to nonnegligible social problems. Therefore, the discovery of novel therapeutic drugs for the treatment of liver diseases is urgently required. Aurantii Fructus Immaturus (AFI) and Aurantii Fructus (AF) are frequently used herbal medicines in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) formulas for the treatment of diverse ailments. A variety of bioactive ingredients have been isolated and identified from AFI and AF, including alkaloids, flavonoids, coumarins and volatile oils. Main body: Emerging evidence suggests that flavonoids, especially hesperidin (HD), naringenin (NIN), nobiletin (NOB), naringin (NRG), tangeretin (TN), hesperetin (HT) and eriodictyol (ED) are major representative bioactive ingredients that alleviate diseases through multi-targeting mechanisms, including anti-oxidative stress, anti-cytotoxicity, anti-inflammation, anti-fibrosis and anti-tumor mechanisms. In the current review, we summarize the recent progress in the research of hepatoprotective effects of HD, NIN, NOB, NRG, TN, HT and ED and highlight the potential underlying molecular mechanisms. We also point out the limitations of the current studies and shed light on further in-depth pharmacological and pharmacokinetic studies of these bioactive flavonoids. Conclusion: This review outlines the recent advances in the literature and highlights the potential of these flavonoids isolated from AFI and AF as therapeutic agents for the treatment of liver diseases. Further pharmacological studies will accelerate the development of natural products in AFI and AF and their derivatives as medicines with tantalizing prospects in the clinical application.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH): Potential mechanisms of action against risk factors of the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of disorders dominated by abdominal obesity, hypertriacylglycerolaemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high blood pressure and high fasting glucose. Diet modification is a safe and effective way to treat the metabolic syndrome. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) is a dietary pattern rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and low in meats and sweets. DASH provides good amounts of fibre, K, Ca and Mg, and limited quantities of total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol and Na. Although DASH was initially designed for the prevention or control of hypertension, using a DASH diet has other metabolic benefits. In the present review, the effect of each dietary component of DASH on the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome is discussed. Due to limited fat and high fibre and Ca content, individuals on the DASH diet are less prone to overweight and obesity and possess lower concentrations of total and LDL-cholesterol although changes in TAG and HDL-cholesterol have been less significant and available evidence in this regard is still inconclusive. Moreover, high amounts of fruit and vegetables in DASH provide great quantities of K, Mg and fibre, all of which have been shown to reduce blood pressure. K, Mg, fibre and antioxidants have also been effective in correcting glucose and insulin abnormalities. Evidence is provided from cross-sectional investigations, cohort studies and randomised controlled trials, and, where available, from published meta-analyses. Mechanisms are described according to human studies and, in the case of a lack of evidence, from animal and cell culture investigations. © 2019 The Author.
Association of proteins modulating immune response and insulin clearance during gestation with antenatal complications in patients with gestational or type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: The purpose of the study is to establish and quantitatively assess protein markers and their combination in association with insulin uptake that may be have value for early prospective recognition of diabetic fetopathy (DF) as a complication in patients with diabetes mellitus during gestation. Methods: Proteomic surveying and accurate quantitative measurement of selected proteins from plasma samples collected from the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) who gave birth of either healthy or affected by maternal diabetes newborns was performed using mass spectrometry. Results: We determined and quantitatively measured several proteins, including CRP, CEACAM1, CNDP1 and Ig-family that were significantly differed in patients that gave birth of newborns with signs of DF. We found that patients with newborns associated with DF are characterized by significantly decreased CEACAM1 (113.18 ± 16.23 ng/mL and 81.09 ± 10.54 ng/mL in GDM and T2DM, p < 0.005) in contrast to control group (515.6 ± 72.14 ng/mL, p < 0.005). On the contrary, the concentration of CNDP1 was increased in DF-associated groups and attained 49.3 ± 5.18 ng/mL and 37.7 ± 3.34 ng/mL (p < 0.005) in GDM and T2DM groups, respectively. Among other proteins, dramatically decreased concentration of IgG4 and IgA2 subclasses of immunoglobulins were noticed. Conclusion: The combination of the measured markers may assist (AUC = 0.893 (CI 95%, 0.785-0.980) in establishing the clinical finding of the developing DF especially in patients with GDM who are at the highest risk of chronic insulin resistance. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sestrin2 alleviates palmitate-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress, apoptosis, and defective invasion of human trophoblast cells; Problem: Maternal obesity induces elevated saturated fatty acid palmitate levels in the blood and causes pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, fetal growth abnormalities, and stillbirth. Sestrin2, a highly conserved stress-inducible protein, is involved in the cellular responses of various stress conditions and homeostatic regulation. However, the effects of Sestrin2 on trophoblast cells have not yet been investigated. Here, we investigated the role of Sestrin2 in palmitate-induced lipotoxicity and its underlying mechanisms in human first-trimester trophoblast cells (Sw.71). Method of study: Mouse placental tissues were obtained from low-fat diet-fed mice (n = 14) and high-fat diet-fed mice (n = 14) at gestation day 17.5. Sw.71 cells were treated with palmitate or bovine serum albumin as vehicle controls. The role of Sestrin2 in palmitate-induced lipotoxicity was examined by immunocytochemistry, immunoblot analysis, quantitative real-time PCR, and invasion assay. Results: Expression of placental Sestrin2 was elevated in high-fat diet-fed dams compared to that of low-fat diet-fed dams. Prolonged treatment of Sw.71 cells with palmitate-induced endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-dependent expressions of Sestrin2 protein and mRNA, and the treatment also triggered apoptosis. Knockdown of Sestrin2 increased palmitate-mediated ER stress, inflammatory signaling, and apoptosis. Furthermore, Sestrin2 suppressed impaired trophoblast invasion caused by palmitate and attenuated palmitate-induced ER stress and inflammation via AMPK/mTORC1 pathways. Conclusion: Our study provides the relationship between Sestrin2, AMPK/mTORC1 pathway, and trophoblast function, suggesting that Sestrin2 may be a novel potential therapeutic target for the prevention of pregnancy complications. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Differential effects of post-weaning diet and maternal obesity on mouse liver and brain metabolomes; Nutritional changes during developmental windows are of particular concern in offspring metabolic disease. Questions are emerging concerning the role of maternal weight changes before conception, particularly for weight loss, in the development of diet-related disorders. Understanding the physiological pathways affected by the maternal trajectories in the offspring is therefore essential, but a broad overview is still lacking. We recently reported both metabolic and behavioral negative outcomes in offspring born to obese or weight-loss mothers and fed a control of high-fat diet, suggesting long-term modeling of metabolic pathways needing to be further characterized. Using non-targeted LC–HRMS, we investigated the impact of maternal and post-weaning metabolic status on the adult male offspring’s metabolome in three tissues involved in energy homeostasis: liver, hypothalamus and olfactory bulb. We showed that post-weaning diet interfered with the abundance of several metabolites, including 1,5-anhydroglucitol, saccharopine and β-hydroxybutyrate, differential in the three tissues. Moreover, maternal diet had a unique impact on the abundance of two metabolites in the liver. Particularly, anserine abundance, lowered by maternal obesity, was normalized by a preconceptional weight loss, whatever the post-weaning diet. This study is the first to identify a programming long-term effect of maternal preconception obesity on the offspring metabolome. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Structural and functional alterations of gut microbiome in mice induced by chronic cadmium exposure; Mammalian gut microbiome is readily affected by acute or subchronic cadmium (Cd) intoxication, but it susceptibility following chronic Cd exposure at environmentally-relevant levels remains unknown. This study comprehensively assessed the effects of Cd exposure at doses of 10 and 50 ppm in drinking water for 20 weeks on gut microbiome in mice. Results showed that the Cd exposure induced alterations in gut morphology with potentially increased gut permeability and inflammation. These changes were accompanied by marked perturbation of gut microbiota characterized by significantly decreased gut microbial richness and lowered abundance of short chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria, resulting in reduced SCFAs production in the gut. Moreover, the Cd exposure caused substantial metabolic functional changes of the gut microbiome, with significant inhibitions on gene pathways associated with metabolism of amino acid, carbohydrate, and energy, as well as promotions on metabolic pathways such as glutathione metabolism and aminobenzoate degradation. Our findings provide new insights into the hazards assessment of environmental Cd exposure towards gut microbiome. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of Phytosterols supplementation on blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and insulin levels in humans: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: In the literature, there are still controversies regarding the effect of phytosterol(PS) supplementation on fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin levels and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in humans. We aimed to assess the impact of PS supplementation on FBS, HbA1c and insulin levels by conducting a systematic review and meta-analysis of the available randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted to identify all RCTs published up to May 2019 in the following databases: PubMed-MEDLINE, Web of Science, Cochrane Library and Scopus. The mean difference with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) was pooled using a random-effects model (DerSimonian-Laird method). Results: Twenty-six arms from 20 RCTs were included in the present meta-analysis. Our findings show that PS supplementation decreases insulin levels (mean difference [MD]: −6.426 μU/ml, 95% CI: −7.187, −5.665, P- value = 0.000). However, PS supplementation did not have significant effects on FBS and HbA1c levels. Following PS supplementation, significant changes in FBS (mean difference [MD]: −1.942 mg/dl, 95% CI: −3.637, −0.246, P- value = 0.025) and HbA1c (mean difference [MD]: −0.059%, 95% CI: −0.114, −0.004, P- value = 0.035) based on PS dosage (mg/d) were recorded. Conclusions: In patients with a baseline BMI <25 kg/m2, PS consumption significantly increased FBS levels. Patients who consumed 1–2 g/day of PS had a lower FBS and lower HbA1c levels. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
The association of plasma levels of liver enzymes and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis of observational studies; Aims: Relationship between liver enzymes such as gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST) and alkaline phosphatase and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a controversial issue. The aim of this systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis was to investigate the association between liver enzymes and risk of GDM in observational studies. Methods: A comprehensive systematic literature search was conducted in MEDLINE/PubMed, SCOPUS and Web of Science databases up to September 2019. Combined odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were evaluated by DerSimonian and Laird random-effects models. Dose–response analyses of these relationships were also carried out. Results: Eight studies with 25,451 participants containing 2549 cases were included in this study. Pooled results showed a significant association between GGT levels and risk of GDM (OR 2.10, 95% CI 1.14–3.86, I2 84%). In addition, random-effects model indicated a dramatic and direct significant association between GGT and risk of GDM in nonlinear (p < 0.001) and linear (p < 0.001) dose–response analysis. Associations between ALT and AST with risk of GDM were found to be non-significant (OR 1.32, 95% CI 0.91–1.90, I2 65% and OR 0.76, 95% CI 0.52–1.10, I2 16%, respectively). Conclusion: This systematic review and dose–response meta-analysis highlights GGT as a significant and robust predictor of the incidence of GDM in pregnant women. © 2019, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Chemerin in immune response and gastrointestinal pathophysiology; Chemerin is a multifunctional protein involved among others in adipogenesis, angiogenesis and lipid as well as glucose metabolism. Chemerin is an essential factor in promotion of chemotaxis of numerous immune cell types and plays an important role in several pathophysiologic conditions. Chemerin receptors are present on monocytes/macrophages, T cells, natural killer and dendritic cells as well as neutrophils. However, the role of chemerin and chemerin receptors in immune response and gastrointestinal diseases is still poorly understood. Accumulating, clinical and experimental studies observed disturbation of chemerin and chemerin receptors in a number of disorders including Barrett's esophagus, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer, hepatic dysfunction, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease and colorectal cancer. Moreover, chemerin and chemerin receptors have been shown to regulate proliferation, migration and invasion of gastrointestinal and immune cells as well as cancer-associated fibroblasts. In this review we present the current state of knowledge about the contribution of chemerin to immune response and gastrointestinal disorders. © 2020 The Author(s)
Soluble (pro)renin receptor treats metabolic syndrome in mice with diet-induced obesity via interaction with PPARγ; The therapies available for management of obesity and associated conditions are limited, because they are often directed toward an individual component of metabolic syndrome and are associated with adverse effects. Here, we report the multifaceted therapeutic potential of histidine-tagged recombinant soluble (pro)renin receptor (sPRR), termed sPRR-His, in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity (DIO). In the DIO model, 2-week administration of sPRR-His lowered body weight and remarkably improved multiple metabolic parameters in the absence of fluid retention. Conversely, inhibition of endogenous sPRR production by PF429242 induced diabetes and insulin resistance, both of which were reversed by the sPRR-His supplement. At the cellular level, sPRR-His enhanced insulin-induced increases in glucose uptake via upregulation of phosphorylated AKT and protein abundance of glucose transporter 4. Promoter and gene expression analysis revealed PRR as a direct target gene of PPARγ. Adipocyte-specific PPARγ deletion induced severe diabetes and insulin resistance associated with reduced adipose PRR expression and circulating sPRR. The sPRR-His supplement in the null mice nearly normalized blood glucose and insulin levels. Additionally, sPRR-His treatment suppressed DIO-induced renal sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) expression. Overall, sPRR-His exhibits a therapeutic potential in management of metabolic syndrome via interaction with PPARγ. Copyright: © 2020, American Society for Clinical Investigation.
Phytohormones: Multifunctional nutraceuticals against metabolic syndrome and comorbid diseases; Metabolic syndrome is characterized by the co-occurrence of diverse symptoms initiating the development of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and a variety of comorbid diseases. The complex constellation of numerous comorbidities makes it difficult to develop common therapeutic approaches that ameliorate these pathological features simultaneously. The plant hormones abscisic acid, salicylic acid, auxin, and cytokinins, have shown promising anti-inflammatory and pro-metabolic effects that could mitigate several disorders relevant to metabolic syndrome. Intriguingly, besides plants, human cells and gut microbes also endogenously produce these molecules, indicating a role in the complex interplay between inflammatory responses associated with metabolic syndrome, the gut microbiome, and nutrition. Here, we introduce how bioactive phytohormones can be generated endogenously and through the gut microbiome. These molecules subsequently influence immune responses and metabolism. We also elaborate on how phytohormones can beneficially modulate metabolic syndrome comorbidities, and propose them as nutraceuticals. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Lactation improves pancreatic β cell mass and function through serotonin production; Pregnancy imposes a substantial metabolic burden on women through weight gain and insulin resistance. Lactation reduces the risk of maternal postpartum diabetes, but the mechanisms underlying this benefit are unknown. Here, we identified long-term beneficial effects of lactation on β cell function, which last for years after the cessation of lactation. We analyzed metabolic phenotypes including β cell characteristics in lactating and non-lactating humans and mice. Lactating and non-lactating women showed comparable glucose tolerance at 2 months after delivery, but after a mean of 3.6 years, glucose tolerance in lactated women had improved compared to non-lactated women. In humans, the disposition index, a measure of insulin secretory function of β cells considering the degree of insulin sensitivity, was higher in lactated women at 3.6 years after delivery. In mice, lactation improved glucose tolerance and increased β cell mass at 3 weeks after delivery. Amelioration of glucose tolerance and insulin secretion were maintained up to 4 months after delivery in lactated mice. During lactation, prolactin induced serotonin production in β cells. Secreted serotonin stimulated β cell proliferation through serotonin receptor 2B in an autocrine and paracrine manner. In addition, intracellular serotonin acted as an antioxidant to mitigate oxidative stress and improved β cell survival. Together, our results suggest that serotonin mediates the long-term beneficial effects of lactation on female metabolic health by increasing β cell proliferation and reducing oxidative stress in β cells. Copyright © 2020 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government Works
Maternal exposure to air pollution during pregnancy and cortisol level in cord blood; Exposure to air pollution has been associated with disorders of the endocrine system and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis; however, the available evidence on these associations is still scarce. This study aimed to investigate, for the first time, the association of exposure to PM1, PM2.5, and PM10, as well as traffic indicators (distance to major roads and total street length in different buffers around maternal residential address) during pregnancy with cortisol level in cord blood samples. This cross-sectional study was carried out based on 150 mother-newborn pairs in Sabzevar, Iran (2018). Land use regression models were applied to estimate air pollution exposure during the entire pregnancy at maternal residential addresses. Multiple linear regression models were applied to estimate the association of exposure to air pollution during pregnancy and cord blood cortisol levels, controlled for relevant covariates. There was a significant positive association between exposure to PM2.5 and PM10 and cortisol levels in cord blood (β = 2.55, 95% confidence intervals (CI) = 0.57, 4.52, P-value = 0.01, and β = 3.09, 95% CI: 1.28, 4.90, P-value < 0.01, respectively). Moreover, there was a significant positive association between total street length in a 100 m buffer around maternal residence and cortisol level. Each one interquartile range (IQR) increase in distance from home to major roads was associated with a −2.58 (95% CI: −4.85, −0.30, P-value = 0.03) decrease in cord blood cortisol level. The median (IQR) of the cord blood cortisol levels for the first and fourth quartiles of distance to major roads were 50.7 (19.5) and 38.2 (20.4) ng/mL, respectively. The associations for total street length in 300 m and 500 m buffers and PM1 exposure were not statistically significant. Our findings suggest a direct association of exposure to air pollution during pregnancy and cortisol levels at cord blood. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
The associations between retinol binding protein-4 and cardiometabolic profile: Intertwined-intricate relationship; Retinol binding protein-4 (RBP4) is a new adipokine synthesized by the liver and adipose tissue, and its secretion depends on retinol concentrations and reflects visceral fat mass. RBP4 serum levels are regarded as a new biomarker in follow-up and diagnosis of overweight and obesity and other cardiometabolic disorders, such as hypertension, ischemic stroke, and dyslipidemia. Different drugs such as statins, fibrates, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPPIV) inhibitors, and thiazolidinediones (TZDs) have been reported to reduce RBP4 levels. The objectives of the present study were to illustrate the role of RBP4 in different cardiometabolic disorders and to explore the conflicting about the effect of different drug groups on the circulating RBP4 levels. A multiplicity of search strategies took on and assumed which included electronic database searches of Scopus, Web of Science, Medline, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and PubMed using MeSH terms, keywords, and title words during the search. RBP4 plasma levels are mainly correlated with visceral adiposity and less to the subcutaneous adipose tissue. Statins may reduce or increase RBP4 plasma levels. Fibrate drugs, TZDs, DPPIV inhibitors, and GLP-1 agonists reduce RBP4 plasma levels through suppression of adipose tissue RBP4 mRNA and elevation of adiponectin levels. Metformin reduces circulating RBP4 levels through the improvement of insulin sensitivity, upregulation of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4), and activation of adipocytes PPARα.  © 2020 Biomedical and Biotechnology Research Journal (BBRJ) | Published by Wolters Kluwer . Medknow.
Maternal diet intervention before pregnancy primes offspring lipid metabolism in liver; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has a developmental origin and is influenced in utero. We aimed to evaluate if maternal diet intervention before pregnancy would be beneficial to reduce the risk of offspring NAFLD. In our study, female mice were either on a normal-fat diet (NF group), or a high-fat diet for 12 weeks and continued on this diet throughout pregnancy and lactation (HF group), or switched from HF-to-NF diet 1 week (H1N group), or 9 weeks (H9N group) before pregnancy. Compared with the NF offspring, the H1N and HF, but not the H9N offspring, displayed more severe hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance. More specifically, an abnormal blood lipid panel was seen in the H1N offspring and abnormal hepatic free fatty acid composition was present in both the HF and H1N offspring, while the H9N offspring displayed both at normal levels. These physiological changes were associated with desensitized hepatic insulin/AKT signaling, increased expression of genes and proteins for de novo lipogenesis and cholesterol synthesis, decreased expression of genes and proteins for fatty acid oxidation, increased Pcsk9 expression, and hypoactivation of 5′ AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling in the HF and H1N offspring. However, these effects were completely or partially rescued in the H9N offspring. In summary, we found that early maternal diet intervention is effective in reducing the risk of offspring NAFLD caused by maternal HF diet. These findings provide significant support to develop effective diet intervention strategies and policies for prevention of obesity and NAFLD to promote optimal health outcomes for mothers and children. © 2019, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology.
An overview about DNA methylation in childhood obesity: Characteristics of the studies and main findings; Childhood obesity is a global burden affecting millions of children worldwide. It is well-known that the adiposity profile in children is critical for future occurrence of diseases. As a multifactorial disease, obesity is associated with genetic and environmental factors. Epigenetic mechanisms link the plethora of environmental clues to a given phenotype. DNA methylation is the most studied epigenetic mark and its importance in several diseases was acknowledged. In childhood obesity, specifically, the studies show a consistent association between adiposity and methylation at the gene and genome-wide scales. The relationship between DNA methylation and childhood obesity has been proved strong for some genes and pathways. However, the studies are heterogeneous in their design, methodologies, and results. The aim of this review is to discuss this heterogeneity and point out some aspects that should be considered in future studies to clarify the role of DNA methylation in childhood obesity. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Elevated glucose and insulin levels decrease DHA transfer across human trophoblasts via SIRT1-dependent mechanism; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) results in reduced docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) transfer to the fetus, likely due to placental dysfunction. Sirtuin-1 (SIRT1) is a nutrient sensor and regulator of lipid metabolism. This study investigated whether the high glucose and insulin condition of GDM regulates DHA transfer and expression of fatty acid transporters and if this effect is related to SIRT1 expression and function. Syncytialized primary human trophoblasts were treated with and without glucose (25 mmol/L) and insulin (10−7 mol/L) for 72 h to mimic the insulin-resistance conditions of GDM pregnancies. In control conditions, DHA transfer across trophoblasts increased in a time- and dose-dependent manner. Exposure to GDM conditions significantly decreased DHA transfer, but increased triglyceride accumulation and fatty acid transporter expression (CD36, FABP3, and FABP4). GDM conditions significantly suppressed SIRT1 mRNA and protein expression. The SIRT1 inhibitor decreased DHA transfer across control trophoblasts, and recombinant SIRT1 and SIRT1 activators restored the decreased DHA transport induced by GDM conditions. The results demonstrate a novel role of SIRT1 in the regulation of DHA transfer across trophoblasts. The suppressed SIRT1 expression and the resultant decrease in placental DHA transfer caused by high glucose and insulin levels suggest new insights of molecular mechanisms linking GDM to fetal DHA deficiency. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A high-throughput platform for detailed lipidomic analysis of a range of mouse and human tissues; Lipidomics is of increasing interest in studies of biological systems. However, high-throughput data collection and processing remains non-trivial, making assessment of phenotypes difficult. We describe a platform for surveying the lipid fraction for a range of tissues. These techniques are demonstrated on a set of seven different tissues (serum, brain, heart, kidney, adipose, liver, and vastus lateralis muscle) from post-weaning mouse dams that were either obese (> 12 g fat mass) or lean (<5 g fat mass). This showed that the lipid metabolism in some tissues is affected more by obesity than others. Analysis of human serum (healthy non-pregnant women and pregnant women at 28 weeks’ gestation) showed that the abundance of several phospholipids differed between groups. Human placenta from mothers with high and low BMI showed that lean placentae contain less polyunsaturated lipid. This platform offers a way to map lipid metabolism with immediate application in metabolic research and elsewhere. [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2020, The Author(s).
Maternal fats and pregnancy complications: Implications for long-term health; Pregnancy imposes increased nutritional requirements for the well being of the mother and fetus. Maternal lipid metabolism is critical for fetal development and long-term health of the offspring as it plays a key role in energy storage, tissue growth and cell signaling. Maternal fat composition is considered as a modifiable risk for abnormal lipid metabolism and glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Data derived from observational studies demonstrate that higher intake of saturated fats during pregnancy is associated with pregnancy complications (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm delivery) and poor birth outcomes (intra uterine growth retardation and large for gestational age babies). On the other hand, prenatal long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids status is shown to improve birth outome. In this article, we discuss the role of maternal lipids during pregnancy on fetal growth and development and its consequences on the health of the offspring. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Developments in the study of gastrointestinal microbiome disorders affected by FGF19 in the occurrence and development of colorectal neoplasms; Colorectal neoplasms are a type of malignant digestive system tumor that has become the third-highest morbidity tumor in China and the fourth leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. The role of the gastrointestinal (GI) microbiome in bile acid metabolism, inflammation, and insulin resistance and its strong correlation with the occurrence and development of colorectal neoplasms have gradually led to it becoming a target area of tumor research. Fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 19 is a hormone that is secreted in mainly the ileum and can regulate bile acid biosynthesis, improve inflammation, and regulate insulin resistance. The relationship of the GI microbiome, FGF19 and its carcinogenic activities in colorectal neoplasms enticed us to search for potential targets and research ideas for the clinical diagnosis and treatment of colorectal neoplasms. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Association between periodontal status and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in a Korean adult population: A nationwide cross-sectional study; Background: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between periodontal status and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) indicators in a representative Korean population. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 4061 participants >19 years of age using the 2010 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data. Periodontal status was assessed by trained dentists using the community periodontal index. To identify the presence of NAFLD, biochemical data were defined using two validated indicators: the fatty liver index (FLI) and the hepatic steatosis index (HSI). The associations of the presence of periodontal pockets with FLI and HSI were evaluated by multivariable logistic regression analysis after adjusting for age, income, education level, smoking status, alcohol consumption, physical activity, diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia. Results: The adjusted means in the FLI indicator increased in the presence of periodontal pockets, whereas there was no significant difference in the HSI (P = 0.005 for FLI; P = 0.142 for HSI). Periodontal pockets were consistently associated with the two NAFLD indicators in the sequential logistic models for women throughout the adjustment process. (OR = 1.77, 95% CI = 1.05 to 2.98 for FLI, OR = 1.64, 95% CI = 1.08 to 2.51 for HSI). Conclusions: Our findings showed that the presence of periodontal pockets may be independently associated with NAFLD indicators. Further study will be clarified by well-designed longitudinal studies. © 2019 American Academy of Periodontology
Plasma metabolome alterations associated with extrauterine growth restriction; Very preterm infants (VPI, born at or before 32 weeks of gestation) are at risk of adverse health outcomes, from which they might be partially protected with appropriate postnatal nutrition and growth. Metabolic processes or biochemical markers associated to extrauterine growth restriction (EUGR) have not been identified. We applied untargeted metabolomics to plasma samples of VPI with adequate weight for gestational age at birth and with different growth trajectories (29 well-grown, 22 EUGR) at the time of hospital discharge. A multivariate analysis showed significantly higher levels of amino-acids in well-grown patients. Other metabolites were also identified as statistically significant in the comparison between groups. Relevant differences (with corrections for multiple comparison) were found in levels of glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids and other lipids. Levels of many of the biochemical species decreased progressively as the level of growth restriction increased in severity. In conclusion, an untargeted metabolomic approach uncovered previously unknown differences in the levels of a range of plasma metabolites between well grown and EUGR infants at the time of discharge. Our findings open speculation about pathways involved in growth failure in preterm infants and the long-term relevance of this metabolic differences, as well as helping in the definition of potential biomarkers. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Machine learning approaches to predict peak demand days of cardiovascular admissions considering environmental exposure; Background: Accumulating evidence has linked environmental exposure, such as ambient air pollution and meteorological factors, to the development and severity of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), resulting in increased healthcare demand. Effective prediction of demand for healthcare services, particularly those associated with peak events of CVDs, can be useful in optimizing the allocation of medical resources. However, few studies have attempted to adopt machine learning approaches with excellent predictive abilities to forecast the healthcare demand for CVDs. This study aims to develop and compare several machine learning models in predicting the peak demand days of CVDs admissions using the hospital admissions data, air quality data and meteorological data in Chengdu, China from 2015 to 2017. Methods: Six machine learning algorithms, including logistic regression (LR), support vector machine (SVM), artificial neural network (ANN), random forest (RF), extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost), and light gradient boosting machine (LightGBM) were applied to build the predictive models with a unique feature set. The area under a receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), logarithmic loss function, accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, precision, and F1 score were used to evaluate the predictive performances of the six models. Results: The LightGBM model exhibited the highest AUC (0.940, 95% CI: 0.900-0.980), which was significantly higher than that of LR (0.842, 95% CI: 0.783-0.901), SVM (0.834, 95% CI: 0.774-0.894) and ANN (0.890, 95% CI: 0.836-0.944), but did not differ significantly from that of RF (0.926, 95% CI: 0.879-0.974) and XGBoost (0.930, 95% CI: 0.878-0.982). In addition, the LightGBM has the optimal logarithmic loss function (0.218), accuracy (91.3%), specificity (94.1%), precision (0.695), and F1 score (0.725). Feature importance identification indicated that the contribution rate of meteorological conditions and air pollutants for the prediction was 32 and 43%, respectively. Conclusion: This study suggests that ensemble learning models, especially the LightGBM model, can be used to effectively predict the peak events of CVDs admissions, and therefore could be a very useful decision-making tool for medical resource management. © 2020 The Author(s).
Intergenerational Transmission of Diet-Induced Obesity, Metabolic Imbalance, and Osteoarthritis in Mice; Objective: Obesity and osteoarthritis (OA) are 2 major public health issues affecting millions of people worldwide. Whereas parental obesity affects the predisposition to diseases such as cancer or diabetes in children, transgenerational influences on musculoskeletal conditions such as OA are poorly understood. This study was undertaken to assess the intergenerational effects of a parental/grandparental high-fat diet on the metabolic and skeletal phenotype, systemic inflammation, and predisposition to OA in 2 generations of offspring in mice. Methods: Metabolic phenotype and predisposition to OA were investigated in the first and second (F1 and F2) generations of offspring (n = 10–16 mice per sex per diet) bred from mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD) or a low-fat control diet. OA was induced by destabilizing the medial meniscus. OA, synovitis, and adipose tissue inflammation were determined histologically, while bone changes were measured using micro–computed tomography. Serum and synovial cytokines were measured by multiplex assay. Results: Parental high-fat feeding showed an intergenerational effect, with inheritance of increased weight gain (up to 19% in the F1 generation and 9% in F2), metabolic imbalance, and injury-induced OA in at least 2 generations of mice, despite the fact that the offspring were fed the low-fat diet. Strikingly, both F1 and F2 female mice showed an increased predisposition to injury-induced OA (48% higher predisposition in F1 and 19% in F2 female mice fed the HFD) and developed bone microarchitectural changes that were attributable to parental and grandparental high-fat feeding. Conclusion: The results of this study reveal a detrimental effect of parental HFD and obesity on the musculoskeletal integrity of 2 generations of offspring, indicating the importance of further investigation of these effects. An improved understanding of the mechanisms involved in the transmissibility of diet-induced changes through multiple generations may help in the development of future therapies that would target the effects of obesity on OA and related conditions. © 2019, American College of Rheumatology
Comparison of the effect of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet and American Diabetes Association nutrition guidelines on lipid profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes: A comparative clinical trial; Aim: The present study aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and American Diabetes Association (ADA) guidelines on the lipid profiles of patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In a 12-week clinical trial, 80 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 18–65 years were randomly allocated into the case (n = 40) and control (n = 40) groups. The case group received the DASH diet and the control group consumed a dietary pattern in accordance with the ADA guidelines. Fasting blood samples were measured for triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and free fatty acid (FFA). Moreover, physical activity and 24-hour dietary recall (24 hours) were assessed at baseline and end of the study. Results: The DASH diet and diabetic diet (in accordance with the ADA guidelines) for 12 weeks significantly decreased TG, TC and VLDL (P < 0.05). FFA showed a significant decrease in both the groups, which was greater in the cases compared with the control group (P = 0.049). Conclusions: Compliance with any DASH or diabetic diet for 12 weeks in patients with type 2 diabetes had beneficial effects on cardiometabolic risks. © 2019 Dietitians Association of Australia
Increased circulating cytokine levels in African American women with obesity and elevated HbA1c; Purpose: Obesity has emerged as one of the biggest health crisis and is the leading cause of death and disabilities around the world. BMI trends suggest that majority of the increase in T2D is resulting from the increased prevalence of obesity. In fact, 85.2% of people with T2D are overweight or obese. The highest prevalence for obesity is seen in non-Hispanic, African American women (56.6%). T2D is classified as an inflammatory disease because of elevated, circulating pro-inflammatory cytokines and acute-phase inflammatory proteins. This study was designed to determine how high HbA1c and serum glucose correlate with circulatory cytokine levels in obese, African American women. Methods: We investigated cytokine/chemokine serum levels using a multiplex assay. Then we used Pairwise Pearson Correlation Test to determine the relationship between clinical metabolic parameters and cytokine/chemokine serum levels. Results: The results indicated that participants with elevated HbA1c exhibited an up regulation of IL-3, IL-4, IL-7, TNF-α, IFN-α2 and CX3CL1 serum levels compared to participants with normal HbA1c. These cytokines were also correlated with several clinical metabolic parameters. Conclusions: The results suggest that IL-3, IL-4, IL-7, TNF-α, IFN-α2 and CX3CL1 serum levels may contribute to the development and onset of type 2 diabetes. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Triglyceride metabolism and angiopoietin-like proteins in lipoprotein lipase regulation; Hypertriglyceridemia is a risk factor for a series of diseases, such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Angiopoietin-like proteins (ANGPTLs) family, especially ANGPTL3, ANGPTL4 and ANGPTL8, which regulate lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity, play pivotal roles in triglyceride (TG) metabolism and related diseases/complications. There are many transcriptional and post-transcriptional factors that participate in physiological and pathological regulation of ANGPTLs to affect triglyceride metabolism. This review is intended to focus on the similarity and difference in the expression, structural features, regulation profile of the three ANGPTLs and inhibitory models for LPL. Description of the regulatory factors of ANGPTLs and the properties in regulating the lipid metabolism involved in the underlying mechanisms in pathological effects on diseases will provide potential therapeutic approaches for the treatment of dyslipidemia related diseases. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Biologic conditions for bone growth and maintenance: Managing the oxidative stress; This chapter highlights the relationship between biologic conditions, oxidative stress and long-term stability in bone management. Cholesterol and vitamin D have a major influence on bone and tissue metabolism. Anxiety is a major oxidative stress factor. The easiest way to decrease this stress and its effects on surgical outcomes is to perform pre and per-operative sedation, oral, or IV. Implants are placed in native or grafted bone. In case of tissue damage, inflammation and/or infection may secondarily develop and results in peri-implantitis. These complications have given rise to numerous theories, such as biomaterials resorbtion, inadequacy of protocols or the influence of a concomitant periodontal disease. Platelet rich fibrin (PRF) (leukocyte-PRF or L-PRF) additionally contains white blood cells; necessary cells involved in the wound healing process by improving defense immunity and secreting a large quantity of growth factors. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. All rights reserved.
Betaine: A Promising Micronutrient in Diet Intervention for Ameliorating Maternal Blood Biochemical Alterations in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exact pathophysiology remain elusive to date, nevertheless most of the studies are compatible with this fact that triggered β-cells dysfunction is the main cause of hyperglycemia in a background of a physiologically increased insulin resistance (IR). We examined betaine effects as a micronutrient on GDM by evaluation of insulin, homocysteine, HbA1c % concentrations and lipids profile in a animal model of rats. 32 pregnant rats divided into four equal groups: Control (C), Betaine (Bet. 1.5% w/w of diet), Gestational diabetes (GD) and gestational diabetes treated with betaine (GD + Bet.). GDM established by a single intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (65 mg/kg BW). Fasting blood sugar (FBS) and body weight (BW) screened during pregnancy. We also measured insulin, total homocysteine (tHcy), HbA1c%, glucose, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, Low density lipoprotein (LDL), and high density lipoprotein concentrations, postpartum. Betaine supplementation decreased FBS and recovered BW loss in GD + Bet. compared to GD group during pregnancy. Also, it increased insulin levels, restored tHcy normal concentration, improved insulin resistance (IR) and lipids profile characterized by decreased HbA1c%, FBS, TC, LDL concentrations and increased HDL level. Diet interventions suggested to be a good approach for alleviating maternal metabolic alterations in GDM. Current paper highlighted betaine beneficial effects on GDM via increasing insulin level, improving IR and regulation of Methionine-Homocysteine cycle. Thereby, we created a paradigm for future studies of betaine role as a micronutrient in GDM prevention and management. © 2019, Springer Nature B.V.
Functional characterization of human brown adipose tissue metabolism; Brown adipose tissue (BAT) has long been described according to its histological features as a multilocular, lipid-containing tissue, light brown in color, that is also responsive to the cold and found especially in hibernating mammals and human infants. Its presence in both hibernators and human infants, combined with its function as a heat-generating organ, raised many questions about its role in humans. Early characterizations of the tissue in humans focused on its progressive atrophy with age and its apparent importance for cold-exposed workers. However, the use of positron emission tomography (PET) with the glucose tracer [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose ([18F]FDG) made it possible to begin characterizing the possible function of BAT in adult humans, and whether it could play a role in the prevention or treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D). This review focuses on the in vivo functional characterization of human BAT, the methodological approaches applied to examine these features and addresses critical gaps that remain in moving the field forward. Specifically, we describe the anatomical and biomolecular features of human BAT, the modalities and applications of non-invasive tools such as PET and magnetic resonance imaging coupled with spectroscopy (MRI/MRS) to study BAT morphology and function in vivo, and finally describe the functional characteristics of human BAT that have only been possible through the development and application of such tools. © 2020 The Author(s).
Investigation of gut microbiome changes in type 1 diabetic mellitus rats based on high-throughput sequencing; The incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is increasing year by year, gut microbiota is considered to be closely related to the occurrence and development of T1DM in recent years. In this study, Sprague Dawley (SD) rats were intraperitoneally injected with 75mg/kg streptozotocin to establish T1DM model, fecal samples were collected and DNA were extracted, 16S rRNA microbial gene clone library were constructed, and lastly high-throughput sequencing and bioinformatics analysis were performed. The results showed that the abundances of pathogenic bacteria such as Ruminococcaceae, Shigella, Enterococcus, Streptococcus, Rothia and Alistipes associated with infection and inflammation in T1DM rats were up-regulated, while the abundances of beneficial bacteria such as Lactobacillus, Faecalitalea, Butyricicoccus and Allobaculum were reduced. Among them, Butyricicoccus and Allobaculum protect intestinal barrier function by producing short-chain fatty acids. This study suggests that intestinal inflammation and reduction of short chain fatty acids (SCFAs) caused by the imbalance of gut microbiota are crucial to the pathogenesis of T1DM. © 2020 The Author(s)
Metabolomic approach in milk from calorie-restricted rats during lactation: a potential link to the programming of a healthy phenotype in offspring; Purpose: Mild/moderate maternal calorie restriction during lactation in rats has been associated with a lower predisposition to obesity and a healthier metabolic profile in adult offspring. Here, we aimed to assess the impact of maternal calorie restriction during lactation on milk composition to identify potential candidate components that could be involved in the programming effects in offspring. Methods: An untargeted metabolomic approach in milk samples from 20%-calorie-restricted lactating (CRL) dams and their controls was performed. Levels of leptin, adiponectin, and irisin hormones in milk were also determined at lactating days 5, 10, and 15. Results: Metabolomic analyses revealed a different metabolite pattern in milk between controls and CRL dams. 29 differential metabolites were tentatively identified (p < 0.05, FC > 1.5). Among them, myo-inositol, which showed greater levels in milk from CRL rats than controls, may be highlighted as one of the biologically plausible candidates that could be related to the beneficial effects of CRL in offspring. Results regarding myo-inositol were validated spectrophotometrically at days 10 and 15 of lactation, and levels in milk were correlated with maternal plasma levels. In addition, milk from CRL dams presented increased levels of adiponectin, decreased levels of irisin, and no changes in leptin levels vs controls throughout lactation. Conclusion: These data reveal important changes in milk composition due to calorie restriction during lactation that may be involved in the metabolic programming of the healthier phenotype of adult offspring. However, the possible contribution of the specific components is yet to be determined. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Antidiabetic drug metformin affects the developmental competence of cleavage-stage embryos; Purpose: Metformin is the most commonly prescribed drug in the management of metabolic disorders such as polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes in women of reproductive age. Insulin-sensitizing effect of metformin helps in improving from PCOS features such as hyperandrogenism, anovulation, and infertility. However, its ability to cross placental barrier raises concern about safety of the drug on early embryonic development. In this study, we evaluated the effect of metformin on the ovarian function and embryo development. Methods: Adult Swiss albino female mice were administered with metformin (0, 50, 100, and 200 mg/kg body weight) for 4 weeks and assessed for reproductive function and preimplantation embryo development. Further, effect of metformin (0, 10, 25, 50, 100, 250, and 500 μg/mL) exposure to 2-cell-stage embryos was tested under in vitro conditions. Results: Metformin did not alter the body weight, blood glucose, ovarian weight, and follicular reserve. However, the early embryo development was significantly affected in mice treated with metformin in vivo at highest dose. Moreover, embryos which were exposed to metformin in vitro showed dose-dependent decline in blastocyst rate and hatching rate. Furthermore, at highest concentration of metformin (500 μg/mL), all the embryos were arrested at compaction stage. Conclusion: The study revealed that metformin affects the early embryonic development and raises concern about its use during conception. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Developmental programming of insulin resistance: Are androgens the culprits?; Insulin resistance is a common feature of many metabolic disorders. The dramatic rise in the incidence of insulin resistance over the past decade has enhanced focus on its developmental origins. Since various developmental insults ranging from maternal disease, stress, over/undernutrition, and exposure to environmental chemicals can all program the development of insulin resistance, common mechanisms may be involved. This review discusses the possibility that increases in maternal androgens associated with these various insults are key mediators in programming insulin resistance. Additionally, the intermediaries through which androgens misprogram tissue insulin sensitivity, such as changes in inflammatory, oxidative, and lipotoxic states, epigenetic, gut microbiome and insulin, as well as data gaps to be filled are also discussed. © 2020 Society for Endocrinology Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
RANKL induces beige adipocyte differentiation in preadipocytes; RANKL induces beige adipocyte differentiation in preadipocytes. Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab 318: E866-E877, 2020. First published April 21, 2020; doi: 10.1152/ajpendo.00397.2019.-The receptor activator of nuclear factor-B (NF-B) (RANK), its ligand (RANKL), and the decoy receptor osteoprotegerin (OPG) are a triad of proteins that regulate bone metabolism, and serum OPG is considered a biomarker for cardiovascular diseases and Type 2 diabetes; however, the implications of OPG in adipose tissue metabolism remains elusive. In this study, we investigate RANK-RANKL-OPG signaling in white adipose tissue browning. Histological analysis of osteoprotegerin knockout (OPG/) mice showed subcutaneous white adipose tissue (sWAT) browning, resistance for high-fat diet-induced weight gain, and preserved glucose metabolism compared with wild-Type (WT) mice. Stromal vascular fraction (SVF) cells from sWAT of OPG/ mice showed multilocular morphology and higher expression of brown adipocyte marker genes compared with those from the WT group. Infusion of RANKL induced browning and elevated respiratory rates in sWAT, along with increased whole body oxygen consumption in mice measured by indirect calorimetry. Subcutaneous WAT-derived SVF and 3T3-L1 cells, but not mature white adipocytes, differentiated into beige adipose tissue in the presence of RANKL. Moreover, SVF cells, even under white adipocyte differentiation, showed multilocular lipid droplet, lower lipid content, and increased expression of beige adipocyte markers with RANKL stimulation. In this study, we show for the first time the contribution of RANKL to increase energy expenditure by inducing beige adipocyte differentiation in preadipocytes. © 2020 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Vitamin B6 and diabetes: Relationship and molecular mechanisms; Vitamin B6 is a cofactor for approximately 150 reactions that regulate the metabolism of glucose, lipids, amino acids, DNA, and neurotransmitters. In addition, it plays the role of antioxidant by counteracting the formation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and advanced glycation end-products (AGEs). Epidemiological and experimental studies indicated an evident inverse association between vitamin B6 levels and diabetes, as well as a clear protective effect of vitamin B6 on diabetic complications. Interestingly, by exploring the mechanisms that govern the relationship between this vitamin and diabetes, vitamin B6 can be considered both a cause and effect of diabetes. This review aims to report the main evidence concerning the role of vitamin B6 in diabetes and to examine the underlying molecular and cellular mechanisms. In addition, the relationship between vitamin B6, genome integrity, and diabetes is examined. The protective role of this vitamin against diabetes and cancer is discussed. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A metabolically healthy profile is a transient stage when exercise and diet are not supervised: Long-term effects in the exerdiet-hta study; Metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO) is a regular state in people with primary hypertension (HTN), obesity, and who are physically inactive. To achieve and maintain a metabolically healthy overweight/obese (MHO) state should be a main treatment goal. The aims of the study were (1) to determine differences in metabolic profiles of overweight/obese, physically inactive individuals with HTN following a 16-week (POST) supervised aerobic exercise training (SupExT) intervention with an attentional control (AC) group, and (2) to determine whether the changes observed were maintained following six months (6 M) of unsupervised time. Participants (n = 219) were randomly assigned into AC or SupExT groups. All participants underwent a hypocaloric diet. At POST, all participants received diet and physical activity advice for the following 6 M, with no supervision. All measurements were assessed pre-intervention (PRE), POST, and after 6 M. From PRE to POST, MUO participants became MHO with improved (p < 0.05) total cholesterol (TC, ∆ = −12.1 mg/dL), alanine aminotransferase (∆ = −8.3 U/L), glucose (∆ = −5.5 mg/dL), C-reactive protein (∆ = −1.4 mg/dL), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) compared to unhealthy optimal cut-off values. However, after 6 M, TC, glucose, and SBP returned to unhealthy values (p < 0.05). In a non-physically active population with obesity and HTN, a 16-week SupExT and diet intervention significantly improves cardiometabolic profile from MUO to MHO. However, after 6 M of no supervision, participants returned to MUO. The findings of this study highlight the need for regular, systematic, and supervised diet and exercise programs to avoid subsequent declines in cardiometabolic health. © 2020 by the authors.
Mitochondrial superoxide/hydrogen peroxide: An emerging therapeutic target for metabolic diseases; Mitochondria are well known for their roles as energy and metabolic factory. Mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (mtROS) refer to superoxide anion radical (•O2 −) and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). They are byproducts of electron transport in mitochondrial respiratory chain and are implicated in the regulation of physiological and pathological signal transduction. Especially when mitochondrial •O2 −/H2O2 production is disturbed, this disturbance is closely related to the occurrence and development of metabolic diseases. In this review, the sources of mitochondrial •O2 −/H2O2 as well as mitochondrial antioxidant mechanisms are summarized. Furthermore, we particularly emphasize the essential role of mitochondrial •O2 −/H2O2 in metabolic diseases. Specifically, perturbed mitochondrial •O2 −/H2O2 regulation aggravates the progression of metabolic diseases, including diabetes, gout and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Given the deleterious effect of mitochondrial •O2 −/H2O2 in the development of metabolic diseases, antioxidants targeting mitochondrial •O2 −/H2O2 might be an attractive therapeutic approach for the prevention and treatment of metabolic diseases. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Determinants of intramyocellular lipid accumulation in early childhood; Background/Objectives: Accumulation of lipid droplets inside skeletal muscle fibers (intramyocellular lipids or IMCL) with increasing obesity has been linked to skeletal muscle insulin resistance and risk of type 2 diabetes in both adults and prepubertal children. We aimed to evaluate the associations of race, genotype, prenatal factors, and postnatal factors with IMCL in early childhood. Subjects/Methods: This study was a secondary analysis performed on the GUSTO birth cohort. Soleus muscle IMCL of 392 children at 4.5 years of age was measured by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, of which usable imaging data were obtained from 277 children (137 Chinese, 87 Malays, and 53 Indians). Metabolic assessments (fasting glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR) were performed at age 6. Results: The mean IMCL level at 4.5 years was 0.481 ± 0.279% of water resonance (mean ± sd). Corroborating with results from adults, Indian children had the highest IMCL levels compared with Malay and Chinese children. Among the prenatal factors, the rate of gestational weight gain (GWG rate) was associated with offspring IMCL (B = 0.396 (0.069, 0.724); p = 0.018). Both race and GWG rate continued to be associated with offspring IMCL even after accounting for current offspring BMI. Postnatally, IMCL was associated with shorter breastfeeding duration (B = 0.065 (0.001, 0.128); p = 0.045) and conditional relative weight gain between ages 2 and 3 (B = 0.052 (0.012, 0.093); p = 0.012). The associations with postnatal factors were attenuated after adjusting for current offspring BMI. IMCL was positively associated with offspring BMI (B = 0.028 (0.012, 0.044); p = 0.001). IMCL levels were not associated with fasting glucose, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR at age 6. Conclusion: This study provides evidence that IMCL accumulation occurs in early childhood and that developmental factors and race are associated with it. We also show that early childhood IMCL accumulation is well tolerated, suggesting that the adverse associations between IMCL and insulin resistance may emerge at older ages. © 2019, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Time for a New Perspective on Prolactin in Metabolism; The pituitary hormone prolactin (PRL) regulates a variety of functions beyond reproduction. The association between physiological (pregnancy) and pathological (prolactinoma) hyperprolactinemia and metabolic alterations led to the concept of this hormone being diabetogenic. However, large cohort clinical studies have recently shown that low circulating PRL levels are associated with metabolic disease and represent a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2D), whereas high PRL levels are beneficial. Moreover, PRL acts on the pancreas, liver, adipose tissue, and hypothalamus to maintain and promote metabolic homeostasis. By integrating basic and clinical evidence, we hypothesize that upregulation of PRL levels is a mechanism to maintain metabolic homeostasis and, thus, propose that the range of PRL levels considered physiological should be expanded to higher values. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Phenotypic classification and biochemical profile of obesity for cardiovascular prevention; Obesity is one of the major cardiovascular risk factors. The combination of obesity with other cardiovascular risk factors causes a systemic inflammation that increases the progression of cardiovascular disease. Ectopic fat plays a key role in inflammation and in the production of cytokines. There are various types of obesity and each phenotype has a different cardiometabolic risk. The clinical biochemistry laboratory is extremely relevant in the correct characterization of obesity phenotypes thanks to cardiometabolic markers. In fact, these markers quantify the metabolically active adipose tissue, which is responsible for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases. On the other hand, monitoring obesity patients through the activity of those markers can be of fundamental help in the follow-up of diet therapies and in the pharmacological approach. Patients with same weight and body mass index (BMI) may have different levels of biochemical markers and body composition, and therefore different profiles of cardiovascular risk. The aim of this paper is to characterize the biochemical markers of ectopic fat and any obesity phenotype for a correct cardiovascular prevention. © 2020 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA.
Metabolic changes during pregnancy in glucose-intolerant NZO mice: A polygenic model with prediabetic metabolism; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex metabolic disease involving genetic and environmental factors. Recent studies have underlined its heterogeneity, so it is reasonable to divide patients into subpopulations depending on whether an insulin secretion or sensitivity defect is predominant. Since testing for GDM is usually performed in the second trimester, misinterpretation of prediabetes as gestational diabetes may occur. As with type 2 diabetes (T2DM), rodent models are needed for both GDM and prediabetes, but few do exist. Here, we compared the metabolic changes in pregnant normal NMRI mice with those in New Zealand obese (NZO) mice. Male animals of this strain are an established model of T2DM, whereas female mice of this strain are protected from hyperglycemia and β-cell death. We demonstrate that female NZO mice exhibited impaired glucose tolerance, preconceptional hyperinsulinemia, and hyperglucagonemia without any signs of manifest diabetes. The NZO model showed, compared with the NMRI control strain, a reduced proliferative response of the Langerhans islets during pregnancy (3.7 ± 0.4 vs. 7.2 ± 0.8% Ki-67-positive nuclei, p =.004). However, oral glucose tolerance tests revealed improved stimulation of insulin secretion in both strains. But this adaption was not sufficient to prevent impaired glucose tolerance in NZO mice compared with the NMRI control (p =.0002). Interestingly, glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was blunted in isolated primary NZO islets in perifusion experiments. In summary, the NZO mouse reflects important characteristics of human GDM and prediabetes in pregnancy and serves as a model for subpopulations with early alterations in glucose metabolism and primary insulin secretion defect. © 2020 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society
Imbalance of drug transporter-cyp450s interplay by diabetes and its clinical significance; The pharmacokinetics of a drug is dependent upon the coordinate work of influx transporters, enzymes and efflux transporters (i.e., transporterenzyme interplay). The transporter– enzyme interplay may occur in liver, kidney and intestine. The influx transporters involving drug transport are organic anion transporting polypeptides (OATPs), peptide transporters (PepTs), organic anion transporters (OATs), monocarboxylate transporters (MCTs) and organic cation transporters (OCTs). The efflux transporters are Pglycoprotein (Pgp), multidrug/toxin extrusions (MATEs), multidrug resistanceassociated proteins (MRPs) and breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP). The enzymes related to drug metabolism are mainly cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP450s) and UDPglucuronosyltransferases (UGTs). Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that diabetes alters the expression and functions of CYP450s and transporters in a different manner, disordering the transporter–enzyme interplay, in turn affecting the pharmacokinetics of some drugs. We aimed to focus on (1) the imbalance of transporterCYP450 interplay in the liver, intestine and kidney due to altered expressions of influx transporters (OATPs, OCTs, OATs, PepTs and MCT6), efflux transporters (Pgp, BCRP and MRP2) and CYP450s (CYP3As, CYP1A2, CYP2E1 and CYP2Cs) under diabetic status; (2) the net contributions of these alterations in the expression and functions of transporters and CYP450s to drug disposition, therapeutic efficacy and drug toxicity; (3) application of a physiologicallybased pharmacokinetic model in transporter–enzyme interplay. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The role of prenatal melatonin in the regulation of childhood obesity; There is a growing awareness that pregnancy can set the foundations for an array of diverse medical conditions in the offspring, including obesity. A wide assortment of factors, including genetic, epigenetic, lifestyle, and diet can influence foetal outcomes. This article reviews the role of melatonin in the prenatal modulation of offspring obesity. A growing number of studies show that many prenatal risk factors for poor foetal metabolic outcomes, including gestational diabetes and night-shift work, are associated with a decrease in pineal gland-derived melatonin and associated alterations in the circadian rhythm. An important aspect of circadian melatonin's effects is mediated via the circadian gene, BMAL1, including in the regulation of mitochondrial metabolism and the mitochondrial melatoninergic pathway. Alterations in the regulation of mitochondrial metabolic shifts between glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation in immune and glia cells seem crucial to a host of human medical conditions, including in the development of obesity and the association of obesity with the risk of other medical conditions. The gut microbiome is another important hub in the pathoetiology and pathophysiology of many medical conditions, with negative consequences mediated by a decrease in the short-chain fatty acid, butyrate. The effects of butyrate are partly mediated via an increase in the melatoninergic pathway, indicating interactions of the gut microbiome with melatonin. Some of the effects of melatonin seem mediated via the alpha 7 nicotinic receptor, whilst both melatonin and butyrate may regulate obesity through the opioidergic system. Oxytocin, a recently recognized inhibitor of obesity, may also be acting via the opioidergic system. The early developmental regulation of these processes and factors by melatonin are crucial to the development of obesity and many diverse comorbidities. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A circadian rhythm-related MTNR1B genetic variant (rs10830963) modulate body weight change and insulin resistance after 9 months of a high protein/low carbohydrate vs a standard hypocaloric diet; Background & aims: The risk allele (G) of rs10830963 in the melatonin receptor 1 B (MTNR1B) gene presents an association with biochemical parameters and obesity. We study the effect of this SNP on insulin resistance and weight loss secondary to two hypocaloric diets. Methods: 270 obese subjects were randomly allocated during 9 months (Diet HP: a high protein/low carbohydrate vs. Diet S: a standard severe hypocaloric diets). Anthropometric parameters, fasting blood glucose, C-reactive protein (CRP), insulin concentration, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile and adipocytokines levels were measured. Genotype of MTNR1B gene polymorphism (rs10830963) was evaluated. Results: All adiposity parameters, systolic blood pressure and leptin levels decreased in all subjects after both diets. This improvement of adiposity parameters was higher in non-G allele carriers than G allele carriers. After weight loss with Diet HP, (CC vs. CG + GG at 9 months); total cholesterol (delta: −9.9 ± 2.4 mg/dl vs. −4.8 ± 2.2 mg/dl:p < 0.05), LDL-cholesterol (delta: −8.3 ± 1.9 mg/dl vs. −5.1 ± 2.2 mg/dl: p < 0.05), insulin (delta: −4.7 ± 0.8 UI/L vs. −0.9 ± 1.0 UI/L: p < 0.05), triglycerides (delta: −17.7 ± 3.9 mg/dl vs. −6.1 ± 2.8 mg/dl: p < 0.05) and HOMA IR (delta: −0.8 ± 0.2 units vs. −0.2 ± 0.1 units: p < 0.05) improved only in no G allele carriers. After weight loss with Diet S in non G allele carriers, insulin levels (delta (CC vs. CG + GG): −3.4 ± 0.6 UI/L vs. −1.2 ± 0.4 UI/L: p < 0.05), triglycerides (delta: −29.2 ± 3.4 mg/dl vs. −8.2 ± 3.8 mg/dl: p < 0.05), HOMA-IR (delta (CC vs. CG + GG): −1.1 ± 0.2 units vs. −0.1 ± 0.1 units: p < 0.05), total cholesterol (delta: −15.9 ± 7.4 mg/dl vs. −5.8 ± 2.9 mg/dl:ns) and LDL-cholesterol (delta: −13.7 ± 5.9 mg/dl vs. −6.0 ± 2.9 mg/dl: ns) decreased, too. Conclusions: our study detected a relationship of rs10830963 variant of MTNR1B gene with adiposity changes, cholesterol changes and insulin resistance modification induced by two different hypocaloric during 9 months. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
The effect of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication in pregnancy and affects 13% pregnant women around the world. GDM has both short-term and long-term negative effect on mother and offspring. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1 Ra) have shown many extra-benefits in diabetes patients, and may be a promising choice to GDM. Here, we conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials to investigate the effect of DPP-4 inhibitor and GLP-1 Ra in GDM. This project was conducted based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta Analyses (PRISMA) statement. We searched PubMed, EMBASE and Cochrane library up to November 8 2019 for eligible trials. A total of 982 records were identified and 4 trials (516 participants) met the criteria in the end. The results suggested that DPP-4 inhibitor and GLP-1 Ra can reduce the rate of developing postpartum diabetes, help to normalization of blood glucose and improve insulin resistance and β-cell function. Although the treatments showed beneficial effects in GDM patients, but the present data could not prove it use in GDM. Further clinical trials will be needed. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and obesity, type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a review of epidemiologic findings; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, a group of fluoro-surfactants widely detected in the environment, wildlife, and humans, have been linked to adverse health effects. A growing body of literature has addressed their effects on obesity, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease/non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. This review summarizes the brief historical use and chemistry of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, routes of human exposure, as well as the epidemiologic evidence for associations between exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and the development of obesity, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease/non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. We identified 22 studies on obesity and 32 studies on diabetes, while only 1 study was found for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease/non-alcoholic steatohepatitis by searching PubMed for human studies. Approximately two-third of studies reported positive associations between per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances exposure and the prevalence of obesity and/or type 2 diabetes. Causal links between per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and obesity, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease/non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, however, require further large-scale prospective cohort studies combined with mechanistic laboratory studies to better assess these associations. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Health impact of combined pesticide exposures; Occupational or environmental exposure to pesticides is a public health concern. Numerous epidemiologic studies show that occupational exposure to these substances is positively correlated with an increased risk of developing certain diseases. Epidemiologic studies among consumers of organic food products (which have greatly reduced pesticide levels) show an inverse relation with the rates of some cancers and metabolic diseases. Experimental studies provide arguments of a plausible link between pesticides and health. Pesticides are biologically active compounds that can individually exert specific effects on different targets that play a major role in cellular function and by extension in the physiological functions of the body. Consumers are exposed to low doses of mixtures of pesticides. When combined, they can interact with one another and induce synergistic effects. Their interactions are complex phenomena involving a network of targets and mechanisms at both the cell and organ levels. It is thus difficult to predict the effects of any given pesticide cocktail, given the diversity of their effects and interaction levels and of the organism's adaptability and biological responses. In a recent study, we showed that a cocktail of six pesticides, present in the diet of mice exposed for one year at non-toxic doses, induced metabolic disorders (diabetes and overweight) only in males. In exposed females, there was an impact on hepatic redox status and microbiota activity. Thus, chronic exposure to a combination of pesticides at doses considered non-toxic can affect human physiology. © 2020 John Libbey Eurotext. All rights reserved.
The effect of synbiotics pomegranate juice on cardiovascular risk factors in PCOS patients: a randomized, triple-blinded, controlled trial; Purpose: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common metabolic and endocrine disorders. Functional foods like pomegranate and probiotics are those that are considered to have beneficial effects on metabolic diseases beyond their basic nutritional value. So, we aimed to evaluate the effect of synbiotic pomegranate juice (SPJ) on cardiovascular risk factors on PCOS patients. Methods: This was a randomized, triple-blinded, 8-week trial. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 300 mL/day of pomegranate juice (PJ), synbiotic beverage (SB), synbiotic pomegranate juice (SPJ), or placebo beverage (PB). Biochemical indices (lipid profile, Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC), Malondialdehyde (MDA), high sensitive C-Reactive Protein (hs-CRP)) and blood pressure were assessed before and after the intervention. Results: Participants in the PJ, SB, and SPJ groups experienced improvement in their lipid profile, oxidative stress, inflammation, and blood pressure during the time. Compared to placebo, Total Cholesterol (TC) was lower in the SB group (P < 0.01), LDL-c was lower in the SPJ and SB groups (P < 0.01), and HDL-c was higher in the SPJ and PJ groups (P < 0.01). With regards to oxidative stress and inflammation, when compared with placebo, MDA was lower in the SPJ, SB, and PJ groups (P < 0.001), TAC was increased in the SPJ and PJ groups (P< 0.001), and hs-CRP was decreased in the PJ group (P = 0.02). Blood pressure (BP) was lower in the SPJ and PJ groups compared to placebo (P < 0.001; P < 0.01, respectively). Conclusions: Consuming daily SPJ for 8 weeks improved metabolic, oxidative, inflammatory, and BP outcomes in females with PCOS. This trial was registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20170207032439N2). © 2019, Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Alpha-lipoic acid effect on leptin and adiponectin concentrations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: New evidence suggests that dysregulation of adipocytokines caused by excess adiposity plays an important role in the pathogenesis of various obesity comorbidities. Our aim in this meta-analysis was to determine the effect of alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) supplementation on serum levels of leptin and adiponectin. Methods: We searched Scopus, PubMed, Google Scholar, and ISI Web of Science from inception up to July 2019. Mean difference for leptin and adiponectin were calculated by subtracting the change from baseline in each study group. Summary estimates for the overall effect of ALA on serum leptin and adiponectin concentrations were calculated using random effects model. Results were presented as weighted mean difference (WMD) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI). Between-study heterogeneity was examined using the I2 statistics. Result: Eight studies were included in systematic review and seven studies in meta-analysis. The overall effect suggested a significant decrement in serum leptin concentrations (WMD = − 3.63; 95% CI, − 5.63, − 1.64 μg/ml; I2 = 80.7%) and a significant increase in serum levels of adiponectin (WMD = 1.98 μg/ml; 95% CI, 0.92, 3.04; I2 = 95.7%). Subgroup analyses based on age showed a significant reduction in leptin levels only in younger adults, and subgroup analysis based on duration indicated in studies with a duration of more than 8 weeks adiponectin levels increased significantly and leptin levels decreased significantly. Conclusion: Our results revealed ALA decreased leptin and increased adiponectin especially in studies lasted more than 8 weeks. We still need more studies with different ALA dose, intervention duration, and separately on male and female. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Endocrine disruptors in food: Impact on gut microbiota and metabolic diseases; Endocrine disruptors (EDCs) have been associated with the increased incidence of metabolic disorders. In this work, we conducted a systematic review of the literature in order to identify the current knowledge of the interactions between EDCs in food, the gut microbiota, and metabolic disorders in order to shed light on this complex triad. Exposure to EDCs induces a series of changes including microbial dysbiosis and the induction of xenobiotic pathways and associated genes, enzymes, and metabolites involved in EDC metabolism. The products and by-products released following the microbial metabolism of EDCs can be taken up by the host; therefore, changes in the composition of the microbiota and in the production of microbial metabolites could have a major impact on host metabolism and the development of diseases. The remediation of EDC-induced changes in the gut microbiota might represent an alternative course for the treatment and prevention of metabolic diseases. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gene polymorphisms of Patatin-like phospholipase domain containing 3 (PNPLA3), adiponectin, leptin in diabetic obese patients; Obesity leads a crucial importance in metabolic disorders, as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus. Our present study was designed to assess the potential role of irisin, adiponectin, leptin and gene polymorphism of PNPLA3, leptin and adiponectin as predictive markers of diabetes associated with obesity. One hundred eighty subjects were distributed to three groups including; healthy non-diabetic non obese volunteers as a control group, diabetic non obese group, and diabetic obese group (n = 60 for each group). Fasting blood samples of all groups were collected to determine fasting blood glucose, insulin levels, insulin resistance, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triacylglycerol, irisin, adiponectin, leptin; as well as, polymorphism of PNPLA3, adiponectin and leptin. The results showed that glucose, insulin resistance, total cholesterol, irisin, leptin, LDL-C, triacylglycerol concentrations were significantly increased, however, insulin, HDL-C, adiponectin were significantly decreased in diabetic obese patients in relation to diabetic non-obese patients as well as in healthy volunteers. The polymorphism of PNPLA3 rs738409 was linearly related to irisin and leptin but was not related with circulating concentrations of adiponectin. We concluded that increased irisin and leptin levels can predict the insulin resistance in obese patients. Moreover, patients who have mutant genotype of PNPLA3 I148 gene (rs738409) C>G, ADIPOQ gene (rs266729) G>C and LEP gene (rs2167270) G>A showed a significant higher susceptibility rate for DM in obese people than those with wild type. This could be considered as an adjustable retort to counter the impact of obesity on glucose homeostasis. © 2020 Aly et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Health professions students demonstrate limited knowledge of health risks associated with early menarche; Objective: The documented decline in age at menarche is concerning as early pubertal development presents immediate and long-term health risks. Menarcheal timing is influenced by environmental factors, necessitating the importance of increased education within the health sciences curricula. This study examined health professions students’ awareness and knowledge of menarche, including factors that influence age at menarche and the health risks associated with early menarche (⩽11 years). Design: A mixed retrospective/prospective analysis using an on-line survey was employed to explore student knowledge. Setting: A public university in USA. Methods: Students enrolled in a general nutrition course at a US university were invited to complete a survey during class time. Pearson correlations were used to assess relationships among variables. Independent-samples t-tests compared knowledge to identify differences by gender and race, and χ2 tests compared frequency of correct knowledge answers according to race. Results: Participants included 126 students (88% female, 50% Caucasian), the majority (90%) of whom were enrolled in health sciences programmes. Nearly 25% of female participants reported early menarche; yet, reported age at menarche was not related to knowledge (r = –.056, n = 110, p >.05). Future health risks of early menarche were correctly identified by 16.7% of participants, all women. Knowledge of menarche differed according to race (p <.05). Conclusion: Discovery of knowledge gaps in this population may improve curriculum design and, ultimately, better prepare students for a future in health care. Future clinicians may benefit from training that addresses factors that influence pubertal timing and familiarises them with the health risks associated with earlier menarche. There is a need for knowledgeable and skilled health workers, which is why the inclusion of this subject in the preservice training curriculum is important. © The Author(s) 2019.
Melatonin: New insights on its therapeutic properties in diabetic complications; Diabetes and diabetic complications are considered as leading causes of both morbidity and mortality in the world. Unfortunately, routine medical treatments used for affected patients possess undesirable side effects, including kidney and liver damages as well as gastrointestinal adverse reactions. Therefore, exploring the novel therapeutic strategies for diabetic patients is a crucial issue. It has been recently shown that melatonin, as main product of the pineal gland, despite its various pharmacological features including anticancer, anti-Aging, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects, exerts anti-diabetic properties through regulating various cellular mechanisms. The aim of the present review is to describe potential roles of melatonin in the treatment of diabetes and its complications. © 2020 The Author(s).
How could metabolomics change pediatric health?; In the last years, 'omics' technologies, and especially metabolomics, emerged as expanding scientific disciplines and promising technologies in the characterization of several pathophysiological processes. In detail, metabolomics, able to detect in a dynamic way the whole set of molecules of low molecular weight in cells, tissues, organs, and biological fluids, can provide a detailed phenotypic portray, representing a metabolic "snapshot." Thanks to its numerous strength points, metabolomics could become a fundamental tool in human health, allowing the exact evaluation of individual metabolic responses to pathophysiological stimuli including drugs, environmental changes, lifestyle, a great number of diseases and other epigenetics factors. Moreover, if current metabolomics data will be confirmed on larger samples, such technology could become useful in the early diagnosis of diseases, maybe even before the clinical onset, allowing a clinical monitoring of disease progression and helping in performing the best therapeutic approach, potentially predicting the therapy response and avoiding overtreatments. Moreover, the application of metabolomics in nutrition could provide significant information on the best nutrition regimen, optimal infantile growth and even in the characterization and improvement of commercial products' composition. These are only some of the fields in which metabolomics was applied, in the perspective of a precision-based, personalized care of human health. In this review, we discuss the available literature on such topic and provide some evidence regarding clinical application of metabolomics in heart diseases, auditory disturbance, nephrouropathies, adult and pediatric cancer, obstetrics, perinatal conditions like asphyxia, neonatal nutrition, neonatal sepsis and even some neuropsychiatric disorders, including autism. Our research group has been interested in metabolomics since several years, performing a wide spectrum of experimental and clinical studies, including the first metabolomics analysis of human breast milk. In the future, it is reasonable to predict that the current knowledge could be applied in daily clinical practice, and that sensible metabolomics biomarkers could be easily detected through cheap and accurate sticks, evaluating biofluids at the patient's bed, improving diagnosis, management and prognosis of sick patients and allowing a personalized medicine. A dream? May be I am a dreamer, but I am not the only one. © 2020 The Author(s).
Of mice and men: The effect of maternal protein restriction on offspring’s kidney health. Are studies on rodents applicable to chronic kidney disease patients? A narrative review; In the almost 30 years that have passed since the postulation of the “Developmental Origins of Health and Disease” theory, it has been clearly demonstrated that a mother’s dietary habits during pregnancy have potential consequences for her offspring that go far beyond in utero development. Protein malnutrition during pregnancy, for instance, can cause severe alterations ranging from intrauterine growth retardation to organ damage and increased susceptibility to hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases and chronic kidney disease (CKD) later in life both in experimental animals and humans. Conversely, a balanced mild protein restriction in patients affected by CKD has been shown to mitigate the biochemical derangements associated with kidney disease and even slow its progression. The first reports on the management of pregnant CKD women with a moderately protein-restricted plant-based diet appeared in the literature a few years ago. Today, this approach is still being debated, as is the optimal source of protein during gestation in CKD. The aim of this report is to critically review the available literature on the topic, focusing on the similarities and differences between animal and clinical studies. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metformin and Its Benefits for Various Diseases; Metformin is a widely used biguanide drug due to its safety and low cost. It has been used for over 60 years to treat type 2 diabetes at the early stages because of its outstanding ability to decrease plasma glucose levels. Over time, different uses of metformin were discovered, and the benefits of metformin for various diseases and even aging were verified. These diseases include cancers (e.g., breast cancer, endometrial cancer, bone cancer, colorectal cancer, and melanoma), obesity, liver diseases, cardiovascular disease, and renal diseases. Metformin exerts different effects through different signaling pathways. However, the underlying mechanisms of these different benefits remain to be elucidated. The aim of this review is to provide a brief summary of the benefits of metformin and to discuss the possible underlying mechanisms. © Copyright © 2020 Lv and Guo.
In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors in youth: A longitudinal analysis in the EPOCH cohort; Objective: To examine associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring cardiovascular biomarkers from late childhood through adolescence. Methods: We used mixed effects linear regression models to examine associations of maternal GDM (n = 92 cases of 597) with average offspring levels of serum lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein [HDL], low-density lipoprotein [LDL], and triglycerides) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) across two research visits spanning approximately 10.6 and 16.9 years of age. In sex-stratified analysis, we evaluated the impact of adjustment for sociodemographic characteristics, pubertal status, physical activity and total energy intake, maternal body mass index (BMI), GDM treatment, and child's BMI. Results: After adjusting for child's age, pubertal status, race/ethnicity, and maternal education and smoking, GDM exposure was associated with higher total (0.38 [95% CI, 0.16-0.61] mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (0.34 [95% CI, 0.14-0.53] mmol/L) in girls. These estimates were robust to adjustment for lifestyle characteristics and maternal BMI but were attenuated after accounting for GDM treatment with no appreciable change following further adjustment for current BMI. In boys, maternal GDM corresponded with 4.50 (1.90-7.10) mmHg higher SBP. This association persisted after accounting for sociodemographic/lifestyle characteristics, maternal BMI, and GDM treatment but was attenuated after adjusting for current BMI. Conclusions: Maternal GDM is related to offspring lipid profile and SBP in a sex-specific manner. © 2020 World Obesity Federation
Different spexin level in obese vs normal weight children and its relationship with obesity related risk factors; Background and aims: Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide recently discovered as an important regulatory adipokine in obesity and related metabolic diseases. The aim of the current study was to determine the potential role of Circulating levels of SPX in obese children and explore its relationships with obesity-related risk factors, and its potential role in preventing obesity. Methods and results: Forty-five obese children and 45 normal-weight children of similar age and sex, with mean age of 13.73 (2.68) were recruited in this Study. Weight and height, blood pressure, resting metabolic rate (RMR), physical activity level, stress, anxiety and depression, appetite status, daily energy intake, pubertal stage, serum Spexin, Interleukin-10 (IL-10), IL-1β, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), fasting glucose, insulin and lipid profile, were measure during standard techniques. Median (IQR) of Spexin levels were significantly lower in obese vs. normal-weight children [120.70 (77.7) pg/mL vs.145 (186.7)pg/mL; P = 0.03]. Based on the tertiles of the serum Spexin levels, a protective independent effect was observed for the highest tertile of serum Spexin concentrations. Crude OR (CI): 0.33 (0.11–0.95), P-trend = 0.04. Model 1 OR (CI): 0.20 (0.05–0.73), P- trend = 0.01, Model 2 OR (CI): 0.22 (0.05–0.86), P -trend = 0.03. Serum Spexin concentration was significantly associated with IL-10, IL-1β, fasting Insulin and HOMA-IR (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The lower circulating levels of Spexin in obese children compared to their normal-weight peers, the protective independent effect found for the highest tertile of serum Spexin, and its association with glucose metabolism and immune function observed in our study, suggest a potential role for this novel peptide in childhood obesity and its related metabolic disorders. © 2020 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Endocrine-disrupting chemicals and insulin resistance in children; The purpose of this article is to review the evidence linking background exposure to endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) with insulin resistance in children. Although evidence in children is scarce since very few prospective studies exist even in adults, evidence that EDCs might be involved in the development of insulin resistance and related diseases such as obesity and diabetes is accumulating. We reviewed the literature on both cross-sectional and prospective studies in humans and experimental studies. Epidemiological studies show a statistical link between exposure to pesticides, polychlorinated bisphenyls, bisphenol A, phthalates, aromatic polycyclic hydrocarbides, or dioxins and insulin resistance. © 2020 by the authors.
Elevated maternal androgen is associated with dysfunctional placenta and lipid disorder in newborns of mothers with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To investigate the placental morphology alterations and identify the clinical characteristics of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and their newborns. Pregnant women with PCOS (n = 12) and pregnant women without PCOS (n = 11) were recruited. Then, the placenta, maternal blood and cord blood were collected after delivery. Design: Clinical observational study. Setting: Not applicable. Patient(s): In the present study, pregnant women with PCOS and healthy pregnant women were recruited from the clinic of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, First Affiliated Hospital, Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine, China, between February 2015 and October 2015. Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): A proteomic analysis was performed on the placenta in women with PCOS and healthy women. Result(s): The maternal testosterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, free androgen index, cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-I levels were significantly higher in the PCOS group than in the control group, and the offspring in the PCOS group had higher dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, high-density lipoprotein, and cholesterol levels, when compared with the control group. The placenta in the PCOS group demonstrated infarction, calcification, and a greater intervillous space, when compared with the control group. A higher level of estrogen receptor-β protein was observed in the placenta of women with PCOS, when compared with women without PCOS. A total of 258 proteins in the placenta were identified to be significantly different, when the PCOS and control groups were compared, and fibronectin 1 exhibited the closest relationship with other differential proteins. Conclusion(s): The overexposure to hyperandrogenism and hyperlipidemia affects the functions of the placenta, which are associated with the development of metabolic disorders in newborns. © 2020
Herbal Medicine for Cardiovascular Diseases: Efficacy, Mechanisms, and Safety; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a significant health burden with an ever-increasing prevalence. They remain the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The use of medicinal herbs continues to be an alternative treatment approach for several diseases including CVDs. Currently, there is an unprecedented drive for the use of herbal preparations in modern medicinal systems. This drive is powered by several aspects, prime among which are their cost-effective therapeutic promise compared to standard modern therapies and the general belief that they are safe. Nonetheless, the claimed safety of herbal preparations yet remains to be properly tested. Consequently, public awareness should be raised regarding medicinal herbs safety, toxicity, potentially life-threatening adverse effects, and possible herb–drug interactions. Over the years, laboratory data have shown that medicinal herbs may have therapeutic value in CVDs as they can interfere with several CVD risk factors. Accordingly, there have been many attempts to move studies on medicinal herbs from the bench to the bedside, in order to effectively employ herbs in CVD treatments. In this review, we introduce CVDs and their risk factors. Then we overview the use of herbs for disease treatment in general and CVDs in particular. Further, data on the ethnopharmacological therapeutic potentials and medicinal properties against CVDs of four widely used plants, namely Ginseng, Ginkgo biloba, Ganoderma lucidum, and Gynostemma pentaphyllum, are gathered and reviewed. In particular, the employment of these four plants in the context of CVDs, such as myocardial infarction, hypertension, peripheral vascular diseases, coronary heart disease, cardiomyopathies, and dyslipidemias has been reviewed, analyzed, and critically discussed. We also endeavor to document the recent studies aimed to dissect the cellular and molecular cardio-protective mechanisms of the four plants, using recently reported in vitro and in vivo studies. Finally, we reviewed and reported the results of the recent clinical trials that have been conducted using these four medicinal herbs with special emphasis on their efficacy, safety, and toxicity. © Copyright © 2020 Shaito, Thuan, Phu, Nguyen, Hasan, Halabi, Abdelhady, Nasrallah, Eid and Pintus.
Multistrain probiotic increases the gut microbiota diversity in obese pregnant women: Results from a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background: Maternal obesity is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Probiotic supplementation during pregnancy may have positive effects on blood glucose, gestational weight gain (GWG), and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c)]. Objectives: This feasibility study involved a daily probiotic intervention in obese pregnant women from the early second trimester until delivery. The primary aim was to investigate the effect on GWG and maternal glucose homeostasis (GDM and HbA1c). Secondary aims were the effect on infant birth weight, maternal gut microbiota, and other pregnancy outcomes. Methods: We carried out a randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled study in 50 obese pregnant women. Participants were randomly allocated (1:1) to multistrain probiotic (4 capsules of Vivomixx®; total of 450 billion CFU/d) or placebo at 14-20 weeks of gestation until delivery. Participants were followed with 2 predelivery visits at gestational week 27-30 and 36-37 and with 1 postdelivery visit. All visits included blood and fecal sampling. An oral-glucose-Tolerance test was performed at inclusion and gestational week 27-30. Results: Forty-nine participants completed the study. Thirty-eight participants took >80% of the capsules (n = 21), placebo (n = 17). There was no significant difference in GWG, GDM, HbA1c concentrations, and infant birth weight between groups. Fecal microbiota analyses showed an overall increase in α-diversity over time in the probiotic group only (P = 0.016). Conclusions: Administration of probiotics during pregnancy is feasible in obese women and the women were willing to participate in additional study visits and collection of fecal samples during pregnancy. Multistrain probiotic can modulate the gut microbiota in obese women during pregnancy. A larger study population is needed to uncover pregnancy effects after probiotic supplementation. This trial was registered at clincaltrials.gov as NCT02508844.  Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
Sedentary behavior research in the chinese population: A systematic scoping review; Background: The negative effects of sedentary behavior (SB) on public health have been extensively documented. A large number of studies have demonstrated that high prevalence of SB is a critical factor of all-cause mortality. Globally, the frequency of SB research has continued to rise, but little is known about SB in the Chinese population. Therefore, this review was conducted to scope the research situation and to fill the gaps related to the effects of SB in the Chinese population. Methods: Using a scoping review based on York methodology, a comprehensive search of published journal articles and grey literature was carried out through 12 databases. The literature research was conducted by two authors in July 2019, and included journal articles that targeted on the Chinese population were published between 1999 and 2019. The two authors screened the records independently and included those research topics related to SB in the Chinese population. Results: The number of included studies increased from 1 to 29 per year during the analyzed period, during which, a remarkable climb happened from 8 in 2013 to 19 in July 2019. Out of the 1303 screened studies, a total of 162 studies (81 English and 81 Chinese journal articles) met the inclusion criteria in this review. Most of the included studies (66.0%) reported the overall estimated prevalence of SB, in which, 43.2% of studies reported the average time of SB, and 40.0% of studies reported the cutoff point of SB. Besides this, 54.9% and 23.5% of studies focused on the outcomes and correlates/determinants of SB, and the proportions of studies based on testing the validation of measurement tools and on interventions were 3.7% and 4.9%, respectively. Nearly all of the reviewed articles used data from cross-sectional studies (75.9%) and longitudinal studies (13.6%), while intervention trials are less developed. The majority of the studies (64.8%) used self-reported surveys, and only 3.7% studies used device-based measurement tools. Furthermore, 35.8% of the included studies were focused on children and adolescents, while only a few studies investigated infants/toddlers and older adults. Both female and male were examined in most studies, and non-clinical populations were investigated in the context of SB in a relatively large number of studies. Conclusions: The number of research articles on SB in the Chinese population published per year has increased year by year, indicating a growing interest in this research area. More studies using population subgroup samples are needed, particularly among infants/toddlers, older adults, and clinical populations. To provide stronger evidence of the determinants and outcomes of SB, longitudinal studies using device-based measures of SB are required. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of sitagliptin on expression of skeletal muscle peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1α and irisin in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the effect of sitagliptin on skeletal muscle expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α), irisin, and phosphoadenylated adenylate activated protein kinase (p-AMPK) in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A high-fat diet/streptozotocin T2DM rat model was established. Rats were divided into T2DM, low-dose sitagliptin (ST1), high-dose sitagliptin (ST2), and normal control groups (NC). PGC-1α, irisin, and p-AMPK protein levels in skeletal muscle were measured by western blot, and PCG-1α and Fndc5 mRNA levels were assessed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Results: Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting insulin (FIns), homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) were significantly up-regulated in the T2DM compared with the other groups, and FPG, FIns, total cholesterol, triglycerides, TNF-α, and HOMA-IR were significantly down-regulated in the ST2 compared with the ST1 group. PGC-1α, irisin, and p-AMPK expression levels decreased successively in the ST2, ST1, and DM groups compared with the NC, and were all significantly up-regulated in the ST2 compared with the ST1 group. Conclusion: Down-regulation of PGC-1α and irisin in skeletal muscle may be involved in T2DM. Sitagliptin can dose-dependently up-regulate PCG-1α and irisin, potentially improving insulin resistance and glycolipid metabolism and inhibiting inflammation. © The Author(s) 2020.
A retrospective population study to develop a predictive model of prediabetes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus from a hospital database in Japan between 2004 and 2015; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a global public health problem. Prediabetes may be reversed by weight loss, diet, and lifestyle changes. However, without intervention, between 30-50% of individuals with prediabetes develop type 2 diabetes. This retrospective population study was conducted to develop a predictive model of prediabetes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus using data from 2004 to 2015 from the DRYAD Japanese hospital database. Material/Methods: A retrospective longitudinal population study was conducted using the DRYAD database from Murakami Memorial Hospital, Gifu, Japan, to construct a predictive model for prediabetes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in the population. Univariate analysis and multivariate analysis were performed to identify the variables that were associated with prediabetes. These variables were used to construct (75% samples) and verify (25% samples) the predictive model. Results: From 2004 to 2015, a total of 11,113 cases were identified. Multivariate logistic regression analysis included the six variables of age, waist circumference, smoking history, the presence of fatty liver, fasting blood glucose (FBG), and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level. Data were used to construct (75% samples) and verify (25% samples) in a predictive model. The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) of the predictive model was 0.87 (0.85-0.89) in the training cohort and 0.87 (0.86-0.90) in the validation cohort. Conclusions: A prognostic model based on six variables was predictive for incident type 2 diabetes mellitus and prediabetes in a healthy population in Japan. © 2020 International Scientific Information, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Liver Diseases in the Perinatal Period: Interactions Between Mother and Infant; Liver diseases affecting the mother and infant dyad may present in the perinatal period from 20 weeks of gestation to 28 days of life. This review will focus on the current approach to neonatal acute liver failure and the progress made in the diagnosis and management of gestational alloimmune liver disease. It will highlight mother-to-child transmission of viral hepatitis, both management and public health implications. Emerging concepts implicating maternal obesity and nutrition in the development of a rapidly progressive nonalcoholic steatohepatitis phenotype in the offspring will be discussed. Finally, the presentation and management of acute fatty liver of pregnancy and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and their impact on the fetus, will be reviewed. © 2020 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Animal Models to Understand the Etiology and Pathophysiology of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; More than 1 out of 10 women worldwide are diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), the leading cause of female reproductive and metabolic dysfunction. Despite its high prevalence, PCOS and its accompanying morbidities are likely underdiagnosed, averaging > 2 years and 3 physicians before women are diagnosed. Although it has been intensively researched, the underlying cause(s) of PCOS have yet to be defined. In order to understand PCOS pathophysiology, its developmental origins, and how to predict and prevent PCOS onset, there is an urgent need for safe and effective markers and treatments. In this review, we detail which animal models are more suitable for contributing to our understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of PCOS. We summarize and highlight advantages and limitations of hormonal or genetic manipulation of animal models, as well as of naturally occurring PCOS-like females. © 2020 Endocrine Society.
Circulating Cardiac Biomarkers in Diabetes Mellitus: A New Dawn for Risk Stratification—A Narrative Review; The aim of this narrative review is to update the current knowledge on the differential choice of circulating cardiac biomarkers in patients with prediabetes and established type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). There are numerous circulating biomarkers with unconfirmed abilities to predict clinical outcomes in pre-DM and DM individuals; the prognostication ability of the cardiac biomarkers reported here has been established, and they are still being studied. The conventional cardiac biomarkers, such as natriuretic peptides (NPs), soluble suppressor tumorigenisity-2, high-sensitivity circulating cardiac troponins and galectin-3, were useful to ascertain cardiovascular (CV) risk. Each cardiac biomarker has its strengths and weaknesses that affect the price of usage, specificity, sensitivity, predictive value and superiority in face-to-face comparisons. Additionally, there have been confusing reports regarding their abilities to be predictably relevant among patients without known CV disease. The large spectrum of promising cardiac biomarkers (growth/differential factor-15, heart-type fatty acid-binding protein, cardiotrophin-1, carboxy-terminal telopeptide of collagen type 1, apelin and non-coding RNAs) is discussed in the context of predicting CV diseases and events in patients with known prediabetes and T2DM. Various reasons have been critically discussed related to the variable findings regarding biomarker-based prediction of CV risk among patients with metabolic disease. It was found that NPs and hs-cTnT are still the most important tools that have an affordable price as well as high sensitivity and specificity to predict clinical outcomes among patients with pre-DM and DM in routine clinical practice, but other circulating biomarkers need to be carefully investigated in large trials in the future. © 2020, The Author(s).
Maternally expressed gene 3 in metabolic programming; Maternally Expressed Gene 3 (MEG3) is a long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) that coordinates a diverse array of cellular processes requiring epigenetic regulation of genes and interactions with key signaling proteins and by acting as a competitive endogenous (ce)RNA. Epigenetic modifications driven by in utero nutrition affect MEG3 expression and its role in the development of multiple metabolic disorders. This review examines how epigenetic modification of MEG3 expression can confer adaptedness to different metabolic environments. To this end, we discuss how nutritional status that leads to an increase of MEG3 expression can protect against cancer and metabolic dysfunctions, while interventions that promote MEG3 downregulation minimize the pleiotropic costs associated with its expression. Lastly, we identify research directions that would further shed light on the role of MEG3 in metabolic regulation and in functional imprinted gene networks. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: ncRNA in control of gene expression edited by Kotb Abdelmohsen. © 2019
Association of the SH2B1 RS7359397 gene polymorphism with steatosis severity in subjects with obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a major cause of liver disease worldwide. Some genetic variants might be involved in the progression of this disease. The study hypothesized that individuals with the rs7359397 T allele have a higher risk of developing severe stages of NAFLD compared with non-carriers where dietary intake according to genotypes could have a key role on the pathogenesis of the disease. SH2B1 genetic variant was genotyped in 110 overweight/obese subjects with NAFLD. Imaging techniques, lipidomic analysis and blood liver biomarkers were performed. Body composition, general biochemical and dietary variables were also determined. The SH2B1 risk genotype was associated with higher HOMA-IR p = 0.001; and Fatty Liver Index (FLI) p = 0.032. Higher protein consumption (p = 0.028), less mono-unsaturated fatty acid and fiber intake (p = 0.045 and p = 0.049, respectively), was also referred to in risk allele genotype. Lipidomic analysis showed that T allele carriers presented a higher frequency of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) (69.1% vs. 44.4%; p = 0.006). In the genotype risk group, adjusted logistic regression models indicated a higher risk of developing an advanced stage of NAFLD measured by FLI (OR 2.91) and ultrasonography (OR 4.15). Multinomial logistic regression models showed that risk allele carriers had higher liver fat accumulation risk (RRR 3.93) and an increased risk of NASH (RRR 7.88). Consequently, subjects carrying the T allele were associated with a higher risk of developing a severe stage of NAFLD. These results support the importance of considering genetic predisposition in combination with a healthy dietary pattern in the personalized evaluation and management of NAFLD. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of probiotic capsules on preventing gestational diabetes among high-risk prediabetic pregnant women; Introduction: Gestational diabetes is the most common medical condition in pregnancy. Since probiotics are viable microorganisms which have beneficial effects on microbial flora of the intestine, they affect glucose metabolism. Therefore, this study was performed with aim to determine the effect of probiotic capsule on the prevention of gestational diabetes in high risk pre-diabetes pregnant women. Methods: This double-blind clinical trial study was performed on 255 high risk pre-diabetic pregnant women in health centers covered by health center No.2 of Mashhad in 2018. In the probiotic group and the placebo group, in addition to routine care, one probiotic capsule and placebo were daily prescribed respectively from 14-16 weeks of gestation for 12 weeks. Then, glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed at week 26-28. The research tools included demographic and midwifery information form, checklist of pregnancy diabetes screening tests, drug use checklist, examination form and satisfaction form. Data were analyzed using SPSS software (version 22), and Chi-square, One-way ANOVA, Kruskal – Wallis and Mann-Whitney tests. P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: 21 patients (26.3%) in the probiotic group, 49 (59.8%) in the placebo group, and 55 (67.1%) in the control group had gestational diabetes (P<0.001). Gestational diabetes in the intervention group was significantly less than the placebo and control group. The results of the Chi-square Pearson test for two by two comparison of the groups showed significant difference in gestational diabetes mellitus between probiotic group with placebo (P <0.001) and probiotic group with control (P <0.001). Gestational diabetes in the intervention group in significance level of lower than 5% was lower than the placebo and control group. Conclusion: The use of probiotic capsules can be recommended to high risk pregnant women in preventing gestational diabetes. © 2020, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic effects of flavan-3-ols and their microbial metabolites; Diet is one of the pillars in the prevention and management of diabetes mellitus. Particularly, eating patterns characterized by a high consumption of foods such as fruits or vegetables and beverages such as coffee and tea could influence the development and progression of type 2 diabetes. Flavonoids, whose intake has been inversely associated with numerous negative health outcomes in the last few years, are a common constituent of these food items. Therefore, they could contribute to the observed positive effects of certain dietary habits in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Of all the different flavonoid subclasses, flavan-3-ols are consumed the most in the European region. However, a large proportion of the ingested flavan-3-ols is not absorbed. Therefore, the flavan-3-ols enter the large intestine where they become available to the colonic bacteria and are metabolized by the microbiota. For this reason, in addition to the parent compounds, the colonic metabolites of flavan-3-ols could take part in the prevention and management of diabetes. The aim of this review is to present the available literature on the effect of both the parent flavan-3-ol compounds found in different food sources as well as the specific microbial metabolites of diabetes in order to better understand their potential role in the prevention and treatment of the disease. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Animal Models of Preeclampsia: Causes, Consequences, and Interventions; Preeclampsia is a common pregnancy complication, affecting 2% to 8% of pregnancies worldwide, and is an important cause of both maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Importantly, although aspirin and calcium are able to prevent preeclampsia in some women, there is no cure apart from delivery of the placenta and fetus, often necessitating iatrogenic preterm birth. Preclinical models of preeclampsia are widely used to investigate the causes and consequences of preeclampsia and to evaluate safety and efficacy of potential preventative and therapeutic interventions. In this review, we provide a summary of the published preclinical models of preeclampsia that meet human diagnostic criteria, including the development of maternal hypertension, together with new-onset proteinuria, maternal organ dysfunction, and uteroplacental dysfunction. We then discuss evidence from preclinical models for multiple causal factors of preeclampsia, including those implicated in early-onset and late-onset preeclampsia. Next, we discuss the impact of exposure to a preeclampsia-like environment for later maternal and progeny health. The presence of long-term impairment, particularly cardiovascular outcomes, in mothers and progeny after an experimentally induced preeclampsia-like pregnancy, implies that later onset or reduced severity of preeclampsia will improve later maternal and progeny health. Finally, we summarize published intervention studies in preclinical models and identify gaps in knowledge that we consider should be targets for future research. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
EHBP1 SNPs, Their Haplotypes, and Gene-Environment Interactive Effects on Serum Lipid Levels; The associations between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) rs2710642 and rs10496099 and their effect on the EH domain-binding protein 1 (EHBP1) gene and serum lipid profiles remain uncertain. This study was performed to investigate the two EHBP1 SNPs in Han and Maonan populations, including their association, haplotypes, and effects on serum lipid levels. Two EHBP1 SNPs in 564 Han and 796 Maonan participants were genotyped by high-throughput sequencing, and then the genotype and haplotype distributions of two EHBP1 SNPs were analyzed. Moreover, risk factors and their effects on serum lipid levels were analyzed using multivariable linear regression and logistic regression analyses. In Han and Maonan populations, a significant difference was found in the allelic and genotypic frequencies of the EHBP1 rs2710642 and rs10496099 SNPs and the alternate alleles of rs2710642A and rs10496099C might be potentially beneficial for healthy lipid levels. Medium linkage disequilibrium between the two SNPs was noted in each ethnic group, and four main haplotypes were detected. The rs2710642G-rs10496099C haplotype was associated with high triglycerides (TGs) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and the rs2710642A-rs10496099C haplotype was associated with low TGs and high apolipoprotein A1. The rs2710642G-rs10496099C haplotype was a high-risk factor for hyperlipidemia, and it interacted with smoking, fasting blood glucose, and hypertension to increase but with the female factor to decrease the prevalence of hyperlipidemia in Han individuals. The EHBP1 rs2710642 and rs10496099 SNPs and gene-environment interactions were associated with serum lipid profiles and hyperlipidemia, which is of ethnic specificity to our study populations. Copyright © 2020 American Chemical Society.
Identification of RBP4 from bighead carp (Hypophthalmichthys nobilis) / silver carp (Hypophthalmichthys molitrix) and effects of CpG ODN on RBP4 expression under A. hydrophila challenge; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is known as a highly conserved adipokine for immune activation. Aeromonas hydrophila (A. hydrophila) is the most common zoonotic pathogen in aquaculture, which causes serious economic losses to aquaculture, especially to bighead carp (Hypophthalmichthys nobilis, H. nobilis) and silver carp (Hypophthalmichthys molitrix, H. molitrix). Recent studies along with our previous findings have shown that synthetic oligodeoxynucleotides containing CpG motifs (CpG ODN) can play a good role in aquatic animals against infection. In order to clarify the relationship between CpG ODN and RBP4 under A. hydrophila infection, firstly, full-length RBP4 cDNAs from H. nobilis and H. molitrix were cloned. And characteristics of RBP4, including sequence and structure, tissue distribution and genetic evolution were analyzed. In addition, mRNA expression levels of RBP4, cytokine, toll-like receptors (TLRs), morbidity and survival rates of H. nobilis and H. molitrix were observed post CpG ODN immunization or following challenge. The results indicated that hn/hm_RBP4 (RBP4 genes obtained from H. nobilis and H. molitrix) had the highest homology with Megalobrama amblycephala. Distribution data showed that the expression level of hn_RBP4 mRNA was higher than that of hm_RBP4. After CpG ODN immunization followed by A.hydrophila challenge, significantly higher survival was observed in both carps, together with up-regulated RBP4 expression. Meanwhile, hn/hm_IL-1β level was relatively flat (and decreased), hn/hm_IFN-γ, hn/hm_TLR4 and hn/hm_TLR9 levels increased significantly, but hn/hm_STRA6 showed no significant change, compared with control. Moreover, CpG ODN immunization could induce stronger immune protective responses (higher IFN-γ/gentle IL-1β level and lower morbidity/higher survival rate) against A. hydrophila in H. nobilis, along with higher RBP4 level, when compared with that in H. molitrix. These results demonstrated that RBP4 was well involved in the immune protection of CpG ODN. Based on the results, we speculated that in the case of A. hydrophila infection, TLR9 signaling pathway was activated by CpG ODN. Subsequently, CpG ODN up-regulated RBP4, and RBP4 activated TLR4 signaling pathway. Then TLR4 and TLR9 synergistically improved the anti-infection responses. Our findings have good significance for improving resistance to pathogen infection in freshwater fish. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Amino acid and lipid metabolism in postgestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: A metabolic profiling study; Background Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) during midlife and an elevated risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Glucose tolerance reclassification after delivery is recommended, but fewer than 40% of women with GDM are tested. Thus, improved risk stratification methods are needed, as is a deeper understanding of the pathology underlying the transition from GDM to T2D. We hypothesize that metabolites during the early postpartum period accurately distinguish risk of progression from GDM to T2D and that metabolite changes signify underlying pathophysiology for future disease development. Methods and findings The study utilized fasting plasma samples collected from a well-characterized prospective research study of 1,035 women diagnosed with GDM. The cohort included racially/ethnically diverse pregnant women (aged 20-45 years-33% primiparous, 37% biparous, 30% multiparous) who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. Participants attended in-person research visits including 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and annually thereafter for 2 years, and we retrieved diabetes diagnoses from electronic medical records for 8 years. In a nested case-control study design, we collected fasting plasma samples among women without diabetes at baseline (n = 1,010) to measure metabolites among those who later progressed to incident T2D or did not develop T2D (non-T2D). We studied 173 incident T2D cases and 485 controls (pair-matched on BMI, age, and race/ethnicity) to discover metabolites associated with new onset of T2D. Up to 2 years post-baseline, we analyzed samples from 98 T2D cases with 239 controls to reveal T2D-associated metabolic changes. The longitudinal analysis tracked metabolic changes within individuals from baseline to 2 years of follow-up as the trajectory of T2D progression. By building prediction models, we discovered a distinct metabolic signature in the early postpartum period that predicted future T2D with a median discriminating power area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.883 (95% CI 0.820-0.945, p < 0.001). At baseline, the most striking finding was an overall increase in amino acids (AAs) as well as diacyl-glycerophospholipids and a decrease in sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids among women with incident T2D. Pathway analysis revealed up-regulated AA metabolism, arginine/proline metabolism, and branched-chain AA (BCAA) metabolism at baseline. At follow-up after the onset of T2D, upregulation of AAs and down-regulation of sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids were sustained or strengthened. Notably, longitudinal analyses revealed only 10 metabolites associated with progression to T2D, implicating AA and phospholipid metabolism. A study limitation is that all of the analyses were performed with the same cohort. It would be ideal to validate our findings in an independent longitudinal cohort of women with GDM who had glucose tolerance tested during the early postpartum period. Conclusions In this study, we discovered a metabolic signature predicting the transition from GDM to T2D in the early postpartum period that was superior to clinical parameters (fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour plasma glucose). The findings suggest that metabolic dysregulation, particularly AA dysmetabolism, is present years prior to diabetes onset, and is revealed during the early postpartum period, preceding progression to T2D, among women with GDM. © 2020 Lai et al.
Selenoproteins and renal programming in metabolic syndrome-exposed rat offspring; Maternal metabolic syndrome (MS) during gestation and lactation leads to several cardiometabolic changes related to selenium (Se) status and selenoprotein expression in offspring. However, little is known about kidney programming and antioxidant selenoprotein status in MS pups. To gain more knowledge on this subject, two experimental groups of dam rats were used: Control (Se: 0.1 ppm) and MS (fructose 65% and Se: 0.1 ppm). At the end of lactation, Se deposits in kidneys, selenoprotein expression (GPx1, GPx3, GPx4 and selenoprotein P), oxidative balance and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and activated transcriptional factor NF-κB expression were measured. Kidney functional parameters, albuminuria, creatinine clearance, aldosteronemia, and water and electrolyte balance, were also evaluated. One week later systolic blood pressure was measured. Lipid peroxidation takes place in the kidneys of MS pups and Se, selenoproteins and NF-κB expression increased, while AMPK activation decreased. MS pups have albuminuria and low creatinine clearance which implies glomerular renal impairment with protein loss. They also present hypernatremia and hyperaldosteronemia, together with a high renal Na+ reabsorption, leading to a hypertensive status, which was detected in these animals one week later. Since these alterations seem to be related, at least in part, to oxidative stress, the increase in Se and selenoproteins found in the kidneys of these pups seems to be beneficial, avoiding a higher lipid oxidation. However, in order to analyze the possible global beneficial role of Se in kidneys during MS exposure, more data are necessary to document the relationships between GPx4 and NF-κB, and SelP and AMPK in kidneys. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
The pharmacological activity of camellia sinensis (L.) kuntze on metabolic and endocrine disorders: A systematic review; Tea made from Camellia sinensis leaves is one of the most consumed beverages worldwide. This systematic review aims to update Camellia sinensis pharmacological activity on metabolic and endocrine disorders. Inclusion criteria were preclinical and clinical studies of tea extracts and isolated compounds on osteoporosis, hypertension, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity written in English between 2014 and 2019 and published in Pubmed, Science Direct, and Scopus. From a total of 1384 studies, 80 reports met inclusion criteria. Most papers were published in 2015 (29.3%) and 2017 (20.6%), conducted in China (28.75%), US (12.5%), and South Korea (10%) and carried out with extracts (67.5%, especially green tea) and isolated compounds (41.25%, especially epigallocatechin gallate). Most pharmacological studies were in vitro and in vivo studies focused on diabetes and obesity. Clinical trials, although they have demonstrated promising results, are very limited. Future research should be aimed at providing more clinical evidence on less studied pathologies such as osteoporosis, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. Given the close relationship among all endocrine disorders, it would be of interest to find a standard dose of tea or their bioactive constituents that would be beneficial for all of them. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Alcohol and Tobacco: Medical and sociological aspects of use, abuse and addiction; This updated and revised second edition of "Alcohol and Tobacco" reflects the new ICD 11 and DSM V classifications and provides comprehensive descriptions of new therapeutic approaches, outlining the different interactions between personality, environment and the effects of the respective substance. In addition to new data on prevention-based therapies, especially for smoking addiction, the book also presents essential psychological and sociological strategies, and medication-based therapies. Particular attention is given to new medications and new compounds for e-cigarettes, while a broad overview of the American and European epidemiology of alcohol and nicotine addictions rounds out the coverage. Given the breadth and depth of its coverage, the book will appeal to a wide readership, from professionals to researchers and students. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2011, 2020. All rights reserved.
Maternal diets enriched in olive oil regulate lipid metabolism and levels of PPARs and their coactivators in the fetal liver in a rat model of gestational diabetes mellitus; In a rat model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programmed in the offspring of neonatal streptozotocin-induced (nSTZ) diabetic rats, lipids are accumulated in the fetal liver in a sex-dependent way. Here, we evaluated whether maternal diets enriched in olive oil in rats that will develop GDM ameliorate lipid metabolic impairments in the fetal livers. Pregnant offspring of control and nSTZ diabetic rats (F0) were fed a 6% olive oil-supplemented diet throughout the F1 gestation. We evaluated maternal metabolic parameters as well as lipid content, expression of lipid metabolizing enzymes and protein expression of PLIN2, PPARs and PPAR coactivators in the fetal livers. The offspring of nSTZ diabetic rats developed GDM regardless of the maternal treatment. Hypertriglyceridemia in GDM rats was prevented by the olive oil-enriched maternal treatment. In the livers of male fetuses of GDM rats, the maternal olive oil-supplemented diet prevented lipid overaccumulation and prevented the increase in PPARγ and PPARδ levels. In the livers of female fetuses of GDM rats, the maternal olive oil supplementation prevented the increase in PPARδ levels and the reduction in PGC1α levels, but did not prevent the reduced lipid content. Control and GDM rats showed a reduction of lipid metabolic enzymes in the fetal livers, which was associated with reduced levels of the PPAR coactivators PGC-1α and SRC-1 in males and of SRC-1 in females. These results suggest powerful effects of a maternal olive oil-supplemented diet in the fetal liver, possibly providing benefits in the fetuses and offspring from GDM rats. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Nesfatin-1 ameliorates type-2 diabetes-associated reproductive dysfunction in male mice; Purpose: The present study was aimed to demonstrate the recuperative effect of nesfatin-1 on testicular dysfunction in the high-fat diet (HFD)/streptozotocin (STZ)-induced type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) mice. Method and results: Three experimental groups were formed: (1) vehicle control (VC), (2) T2DM mice, (3) T2DM + nesf-1. The mice with blood glucose level higher than 300 mg/dL following HFD and a single dose of STZ were used for the experiment. The T2DM mice showed increases in body mass, blood glucose and insulin levels, reductions in spermatogenesis and steroidogenesis, production of antioxidative enzymes, and disturbed lipid profile. These alterations were all ameliorated by administration of nesfatin-1 at 20 μg/Kg BW for 15 days. Nesfatin-1 treatment also increased the production of testosterone (T), improved insulin sensitivity, and effectively ameliorated the testicular aberrations, and increased spermatogenesis and steroidogenesis. In addition, nesfatin-1 treatment upregulated the PCNA and Bcl2 expression and inhibited the caspase-3 and prohibitin expression in T2DM mice. Nesfatin-1 increased insulin receptor (IR) and GLUT8 expressions, and lactate production, the changes that further substantiate the increase of energy influx to the testis. Conclusion: Altogether, the results suggest the ameliorative effect of nesfatin-1 against T2DM-associated testicular dysfunctions and improved insulin sensitivity along with promoting T production and fertility in T2DM mice. © 2019, Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Developmental programming of mitochondrial biology: A conceptual framework and review; Research on mechanisms underlying the phenomenon of developmental programming of health and disease has focused primarily on processes that are specific to cell types, organs and phenotypes of interest. However, the observation that exposure to suboptimal or adverse developmental conditions concomitantly influences a broad range of phenotypes suggests that these exposures may additionally exert effects through cellular mechanisms that are common, or shared, across these different cell and tissue types. It is in this context that we focus on cellular bioenergetics and propose that mitochondria, bioenergetic and signalling organelles, may represent a key cellular target underlying developmental programming. In this review, we discuss empirical findings in animals and humans that suggest that key structural and functional features of mitochondrial biology exhibit developmental plasticity, and are influenced by the same physiological pathways that are implicated in susceptibility for complex, common age-related disorders, and that these targets of mitochondrial developmental programming exhibit long-term temporal stability. We conclude by articulating current knowledge gaps and propose future research directions to bridge these gaps. © 2020 The Author(s) Published by the Royal Society. All rights reserved.
Insulin as an immunomodulatory hormone; Insulin plays an indispensable role in the management of hyperglycaemia that arises in a variety of settings, including Type I and II diabetes, gestational diabetes, as well as is in hyperglycaemia following a severe inflammatory insult. However, insulin receptors are also expressed on a range of cells that are not canonically implicated in glucose homeostasis. This includes immune cells, where the anti-inflammatory effects of insulin have been repeatedly reported. However, recent findings have also implicated a more involved role for insulin in shaping the immune response during an infection. This includes the ability of insulin to modulate immune cell differentiation and polarisation as well as the modulation of effector functions such as biocidal ROS production. Finally, inflammatory mediators can through both direct and indirect mechanisms also regulate serum insulin levels, suggesting that insulin may be co-opted by the immune system during an infection to direct immunological operations. Collectively, these observations implicate insulin as a bona fide immune-modulating hormone and suggest that a better understanding of insulin's immunological function may aid in optimising insulin therapy in a range of clinical settings. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Polysaccharides isolated from Cordyceps Sinensis contribute to the progression of NASH by modifying the gut microbiota in mice fed a high-fat diet; Various dietary fibers are considered to prevent obesity by modulating the gut microbiota. Cordyceps sinensis polysaccharide (CSP) is a soluble dietary fiber known to have protective effects against obesity and related diseases, but whether these effects induce any side effects remains unknown. The function and safety of CSP were tested in high-fat diet (HFD)-feding C57BL/6J mice. The results revealed that even though CSP supplementation could prevent an increase in body weight, it aggravated liver fibrosis and steatosis as evidenced by increased inflammation, lipid metabolism markers, insulin resistance (IR) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) in HFD-induced obesity. 16S rDNA gene sequencing was used to analyze the gut microbiota composition, and the relative abundance of the Actinobacteria phylum, including the Olsenella genus, was significantly higher in CSP-treated mice than in HFD-fed mice. CSP supplementation may increase the proportion of Actinobacteria, which can degrade CSP. The high level of Actinobacteria aggravated the disorder of the intestinal flora and contributed to the progression from obesity to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and related diseases. © 2020 Chen et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Gut Microbiota and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Host-Gut Microbiota Interactions and Their Therapeutic Potential; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as impaired glucose tolerance recognized during pregnancy. GDM is associated with metabolic disorder phenotypes, such as obesity, low-grade inflammation, and insulin resistance. Following delivery, nearly half of the women with a history of GDM have persistent postpartum glucose intolerance and an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), as much as 7-fold. The alarming upward trend may worsen the socioeconomic burden worldwide. Accumulating evidence strongly associates gut microbiota dysbiosis in women with GDM, similar to the T2DM profile. Several metagenomics studies have shown gut microbiota, such as Ruminococcaceae, Parabacteroides distasonis, and Prevotella, were enriched in women with GDM. These microbiota populations are associated with metabolic pathways for carbohydrate metabolism and insulin signaling, suggesting a potential “gut microbiota signature” in women with GDM. Furthermore, elevated expression of serum zonulin, a marker of gut epithelial permeability, during early pregnancy in women with GDM indicates a possible link between gut microbiota and GDM. Nevertheless, few studies have revealed discrepant results, and the interplay between gut microbiota dysbiosis and host metabolism in women with GDM is yet to be elucidated. Lifestyle modification and pharmacological treatment with metformin showed evidence of modulation of gut microbiota and proved to be beneficial to maintain glucose homeostasis in T2DM. Nonetheless, post-GDM women have poor compliance toward lifestyle modification after delivery, and metformin treatment remains controversial as a T2DM preventive strategy. We hypothesized modulation of the composition of gut microbiota with probiotics supplementation may reverse postpartum glucose intolerance in post-GDM women. In this review, we addressed gut microbiota dysbiosis and the possible mechanistic links between the host and gut microbiota in women with GDM. Furthermore, this review highlights the potential therapeutic use of probiotics in post-GDM women as a T2DM preventive strategy. © Copyright © 2020 Hasain, Mokhtar, Kamaruddin, Mohamed Ismail, Razalli, Gnanou and Raja Ali.
Gut microbiota metabolism and interaction with food components; The human gut contains trillions of microbes that play a central role in host biology, including the provision of key nutrients from the diet. Food is a major source of precursors for metabolite production; in fact, diet modulates the gut microbiota (GM) as the nutrients, derived from dietary intake, reach the GM, affecting both the ecosystem and microbial metabolic profile. GM metabolic ability has an impact on human nutritional status from childhood. However, there is a wide variability of dietary patterns that exist among individuals. The study of interactions with the host via GM metabolic pathways is an interesting field of research in medicine, as microbiota members produce myriads of molecules with many bioactive properties. Indeed, much evidence has demonstrated the importance of metabolites produced by the bacterial metabolism from foods at the gut level that dynamically participate in various biochemical mechanisms of a cell as a reaction to environmental stimuli. Hence, the GM modulate homeostasis at the gut level, and the alteration in their composition can concur in disease onset or progression, including immunological, inflammatory, and metabolic disorders, as well as cancer. Understanding the gut microbe–nutrient interactions will increase our knowledge of how diet affects host health and disease, thus enabling personalized therapeutics and nutrition. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children: Unique Considerations and Challenges; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing in prevalence in concert with the global epidemic of obesity and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages. The unique histologic features and early presentation of disease in pediatrics suggest that children and adults may differ with regard to etiopathogenesis, with children displaying a greater vulnerability to genetic and environmental factors. Of significant relevance to pediatrics, in utero and perinatal stressors may alter the lifelong health trajectory of a child, increasing the risk of NAFLD and other cardiometabolic diseases. The development and progression of disease in childhood is likely to carry increased risk of long-term morbidity. Novel biomarkers and therapeutic agents are needed to avoid the otherwise inevitable health and societal consequences of this rapidly expanding pediatric population. © 2020
The role of diosgenin in diabetes and diabetic complications; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic and common metabolic disease that seriously endangers human health. Hyperglycemia and long-term metabolic disorders in diabetes will cause damage to the whole body tissues and organs, resulting in serious complications. Nowadays, drugs for treating diabetes on the market has strong side effects, new treatments thus are urgently needed. Natural therapy of natural ingredients is a promising avenue, this is because natural ingredients are safer and they also show strong activity in the treatment of diabetes. Diosgenin is such a very biologically active natural steroidal sapogenin. The research of diosgenin in the treatment of diabetes and its complications has been widely reported. This article reviews the effects of diosgenin through multiple targets and multiple pathways in diabetes and its complications which including diabetic nephropathy, diabetic liver disease, diabetic neuropathy, diabetic vascular disease, diabetic cardiomyopathy, diabetic reproductive dysfunction, and diabetic eye disease. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of Overweight and Obesity in Pregnancy on Health of the Offspring; Overweight and obesity in pregnancy confer a wide range of risks on mother, fetus, and offspring throughout their lives. In addition to compounding many common pregnancy complications, including both iatrogenic preterm delivery and cesarean delivery, obesity is associated with multiple fetal anomalies, metabolic sequelae including diabetes and obesity, allergy and asthma, attention-deficit disorder, and likely many other challenges for the offspring. As targeted interventions are being developed, encouraging solid nutrition and exercise in women of childbearing age may stave off risks and mitigate obesity in the next generation. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal Diabetes Mellitus and Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn: Accumulated Evidence From Observational Studies; Objectives: Maternal diabetes mellitus (including pre-existing and gestational diabetes mellitus) is linked with adverse infant outcomes. However, the question of whether maternal diabetes increases the risk of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) is unclear. Herein, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize clinical evidence to determine the association between maternal diabetes mellitus and PPHN. Methods: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science and Google Scholar to identify relevant studies according to predefined criteria. Data from selected studies were extracted, and meta-analysis was performed using fixed effects modelling. Results: In all, we included 7 unique studies with aggregated data on 2 million individuals and >5,000 cases of PPHN. Maternal diabetes was significantly associated with a higher risk of PPHN (risk ratio [RR], 1.37; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.23 to 1.51). Both case-control and cohort studies exhibited that the presence of maternal diabetes increased the risk of PPHN (case-control: RR, 1.91; 95% CI, 1.02 to 2.79; cohort: RR, 1.36; 95% CI, 1.22 to 1.50). By omitting 1 study at a time, sensitivity analysis made sure that no individual study was entirely responsible for the combined results. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes was associated with increased risk of PPHN. For babies with refractory hypoxemia, with mothers with diabetes, PPHN should be taken into consideration in clinical practice. © 2019 The Authors
Maternal exposure to ambient air pollution during pregnancy and lipid profile in umbilical cord blood samples; a cross-sectional study; Adverse health effects of exposure to air pollution have been investigated in many previous studies. However, there is no study available on the association between maternal exposure to air pollution during pregnancy and cord blood lipid profile. This study, based on 150 mother-newborn pairs residing in Sabzevar, Iran (2018), evaluated the association of exposure to ambient air pollution as well as traffic indicators (total street length in different buffers around residential address and distance to major roads) during entire pregnancy with lipid levels cord blood lipid profile. Concentrations of PM10, PM2.5, and PM1 at maternal residential address were estimated using land use regression (LUR) models. We measured triglyceride (TAG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC) levels and TC/HDL-C and TAG/HDL-C ratio in the cord blood samples to characterize their lipid profile. Multiple linear regression models were developed to estimate the association of exposure to air pollution and traffic indicators with cord blood lipid profile controlled for relevant covariates. Higher concentrations of PM2.5 and PM10 were associated with higher levels of TAG, TC, HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, and TAG/HDL-C in cord blood samples. Moreover, higher concentration of PM1 was associated with higher levels of TAG, TC and LDL-C. There was also a positive association between total street length in 100 m buffer around home and serum levels of TC, TAG, LDL-C and TC/HDL ratio (β = 3.73, 95% confidence intervals (CI): 1.76, 5.71; β = 2.75, 95% CI: 0.97, 4.53; β = 1.87, 95% CI: 0.64, 3.09; β = 0.06, 95% CI: 0.01, 0.11, respectively). However, the associations for total street length in larger buffers and distance to major roads were not statistically significant. Our findings support a relationship between exposure to air pollution during pregnancy and increase in cord blood lipid levels. Exposure to air pollution during entire pregnancy was associated with changes in lipid profile in cord blood samples. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, Male Sexual Dysfunction, and Infertility: Common Links, Common Problems; Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered a hallmark of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and a significant contributor to cardiovascular disease (CVD). With the alarming rates of obesity in the United States and worldwide, efforts at understanding, preventing, and treating MetS and its components are being increasingly undertaken by scientists and clinicians. A strong association between MetS and male sexual problems is already well established. More recent animal and human studies have further evaluated the relationship of NAFLD with male sexual problems and infertility. The molecular and physiological mechanisms correlating these conditions are incompletely established at this time, however. Aim: To review and analyze current literature associating NAFLD with andrologic disorders, including erectile dysfunction (ED), infertility, and hypogonadism. Methods: The PubMed database was searched using terms “erectile dysfunction,” “hypogonadism,” “male infertility,” and “nonalcoholic fatty liver disease” for articles published between January 1980 and June 2018. Main Outcome Measures: We present a summary of the recent clinical and experimental evidence and discuss the possible pathophysiological mechanisms relating NAFLD development and progression to ED, a hypogonadal state, and infertility. Results: A total of 132 articles were reviewed. These included human observational and clinical studies and animal and basic science research relating NAFLD to the development and progression of ED, hypogonadism, and infertility in men. Conclusion: There is growing evidence linking NAFLD to male sexual and reproductive dysfunction. A complex interplay of pathophysiological processes underlying these entities and further relating them to the MetS components may ultimately aid the identification and development of novel diagnostic and therapeutic approaches. Hawksworth DJ, Burnett AL. Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, Male Sexual Dysfunction, and Infertility: Common Links, Common Problems Sex Med Rev 2020;8:274–285. © 2019 The Authors
Non-coding RNAs as potential novel biomarkers for early diagnosis of hepatic insulin resistance; In the recent years, the prevalence of metabolic conditions such as type 2 Diabetes (T2D) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) raises. The impairment of liver metabolism resulting in hepatic insulin resistance is a common symptom and a critical step in the development of T2D and MetS. The liver plays a crucial role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. Hepatic insulin resistance can often be identified before other symptoms arrive; therefore, establishing methods for its early diagnosis would allow for the implementation of proper treatment in patients before the disease develops. Non-coding RNAs such as miRNAs (micro-RNA) and lncRNAs (long-non-coding RNA) are being recognized as promising novel biomarkers and therapeutic targets—especially due to their regulatory function. The dysregulation of miRNA and lncRNA activity has been reported in the livers of insulin-resistant patients. Many of those transcripts are involved in the regulation of the hepatic insulin signaling cascade. Furthermore, for several miRNAs (miR-802, miR-499-5p, and miR-122) and lncRNAs (H19 imprinted maternally expressed transcript (H19), maternally expressed gene 3 (MEG3), and metastasis associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1)), circulating levels were altered in patients with prediabetes, T2D, and MetS. In the course of this review, the role of the aforementioned ncRNAs in hepatic insulin signaling cascade, as well as their potential application in diagnostics, is discussed. Overall, circulating ncRNAs are precise indicators of hepatic insulin resistance in the development of metabolic diseases and could be applied as early diagnostic and/or therapeutic tools in conditions associated with insulin resistance. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Inositols and metabolic disorders: From farm to bedside; Inositol and its derivates are catching interest in metabolism since taking part in several physiological processes, including endocrine modulation. Through several mechanisms mostly mediated by insulin signaling, these compounds regulate the activities of several hormones and are essential in oocytes maturation. It is interesting to point out the contribution of an inositol deficiency in the development of several diseases, mainly in the metabolic and endocrine setting. Inositols derive from both diet and endogenous production; among causes of inositol deficiency reduced dietary intake, increased catabolism and/or excretion, decreased biosynthesis, inhibition of gut and cellular uptake and altered microbiota could be considered. Mounting direct and indirect evidence suggests that the two main isoforms (Myo-inositol-inositol, D-chiro-inositol) are implied in glycemic and lipidic metabolism and supplementation yield a beneficial effect on these parameters without hazards for health. Moreover, they have a role in polycystic ovary syndrome, acting as insulin-sensitizing agents and free radical scavengers, helping to regulate metabolism and promoting ovulation. The aim of this narrative review is to discuss the role of inositols in metabolic function disorders paying attention to whether these compounds could be efficacious and safe as a therapeutic agent with a focus on dietary intake and the role of gut microbiota. © 2020 Center for Food and Biomolecules, National Taiwan University
The effects of n-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil on genetic and metabolic profiles in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; The present study was performed to evaluate the effects of n-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil on genetic and metabolic profiles in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed in sixty women with GDM. Participants were randomly divided into two groups to intake either 2 × 1000 mg/d n-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil containing 400 mg α-linolenic acid in each capsule (n 30) or placebo (n 30) for 6 weeks. n-3 Fatty acid intake up-regulated PPAR-γ (P < 0·001) and LDL receptor (P = 0·004) and down-regulated gene expression of IL-1 (P = 0·002) and TNF-α (P = 0·001) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of subjects with GDM. In addition, n-3 fatty acid supplementation reduced fasting plasma glucose (P = 0·001), insulin levels (P = 0·001) and insulin resistance (P < 0·001) and increased insulin sensitivity (P = 0·005) when compared with the placebo. Additionally, n-3 fatty acid supplementation was associated with a decrease in TAG (P < 0·001), VLDL-cholesterol (P < 0·001), total cholesterol (P = 0·01) and total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0·01) when compared with placebo. n-3 Fatty acid administration was also associated with a significant reduction in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (P = 0·006) and malondialdehyde (P < 0·001), and an increase in total nitrite (P < 0·001) and total glutathione levels (P = 0·006) when compared with the placebo. n-3 Fatty acid supplementation for 6 weeks to women with GDM had beneficial effects on gene expression related to insulin, lipid and inflammation, glycaemic control, lipids, inflammatory markers and oxidative stress. © The Authors 2020.
Fructose-mediated effects on gene expression and epigenetic mechanisms associated with NAFLD pathogenesis; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic, frequently progressive condition that develops in response to excessive hepatocyte fat accumulation (i.e., steatosis) in the absence of significant alcohol consumption. Liver steatosis develops as a result of imbalanced lipid metabolism, driven largely by increased rates of de novo lipogenesis and hepatic fatty acid uptake and reduced fatty acid oxidation and/or disposal to the circulation. Fructose is a naturally occurring simple sugar, which is most commonly consumed in modern diets in the form of sucrose, a disaccharide comprised of one molecule of fructose covalently bonded with one molecule of glucose. A number of observational and experimental studies have demonstrated detrimental effects of dietary fructose consumption not only on diverse metabolic outcomes such as insulin resistance and obesity, but also on hepatic steatosis and NAFLD-related fibrosis. Despite the compelling evidence that excessive fructose consumption is associated with the presence of NAFLD and may even promote the development and progression of NAFLD to more clinically severe phenotypes, the molecular mechanisms by which fructose elicits effects on dysregulated liver metabolism remain unclear. Emerging data suggest that dietary fructose may directly alter the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism, including those that increase hepatic fat accumulation or reduce hepatic fat removal. The aim of this review is to summarize the current research supporting a role for dietary fructose intake in the modulation of transcriptomic and epigenetic mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of NAFLD. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Disruption of fasting and post-load glucose homeostasis are largely independent and sustained by distinct and early major beta-cell function defects: a cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of the Relationship between Insulin Sensitivity and Cardiovascular risk (RISC) study cohort; Background/aims: Uncertainty still exists on the earliest beta-cell defects at the bases of the type 2 diabetes. We assume that this depends on the inaccurate distinction between fasting and post-load glucose homeostasis and aim at providing a description of major beta-cell functions across the full physiologic spectrum of each condition. Methods: In 1320 non-diabetic individuals we performed an OGTT with insulin secretion modeling and a euglycemic insulin clamp, coupled in subgroups to glucose tracers and IVGTT; 1038 subjects underwent another OGTT after 3.5 years. Post-load glucose homeostasis was defined as mean plasma glucose above fasting levels (δOGTT). The analysis was performed by two-way ANCOVA. Results: Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and δOGTT were weakly related variables (stβ = 0.12) as were their changes over time (r = −0.08). Disruption of FPG control was associated with an isolated and progressive decline (approaching 60%) of the sensitivity of the beta-cell to glucose values within the normal fasting range. Disruption of post-load glucose control was characterized by a progressive decline (approaching 60%) of the slope of the full beta-cell vs glucose dose-response curve and an early minor (30%) decline of potentiation. The acute dynamic beta-cell responses, neither per se nor in relation to the degree of insulin resistance appeared to play a relevant role in disruption of fasting or post-load homeostasis. Follow-up data qualitatively and quantitatively confirmed the results of the cross-sectional analysis. Conclusion: In normal subjects fasting and post-load glucose homeostasis are largely independent, and their disruption is sustained by different and specific beta-cell defects. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Gut microbiota in early pregnancy among women with Hyperglycaemia vs. Normal blood glucose; Background: Recent studies suggest that there is a link between the gut microbiota and glucose metabolism. This study aimed to compare the gut microbiota during early pregnancy of women with hyperglycymia to those with normal blood glucose. Methods: Gut microbial composition was analysed in 22 women with hyperglycaemia and 28 age-matched healthy controls during their first prenatal visits (< 20 weeks) using high throughput sequencing of the V3-V4 region of the 16S ribosomal RNA gene. Hyperglycemia was diagnosed based on the criteria recommended by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups in 2010. Results: Women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP) had significantly lower microbial richness and diversity compared with healthy pregnant women. The proportions of the Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes phyla and the ratio of Firmicutes:Bacteroidetes were not different between the two groups. We observed that individuals with HIP had an increased abundance of Nocardiaceae, Fusobacteriaceae, etc., whereas healthy controls had significantly higher levels of Christensenellaceae, Clostridiales_vadinBB60_group, Coriobacteriaceae, etc. Similarly, levels of the members of the Ruminococcaceae family, including Ruminococcaceae_UCG-014, Ruminococcaceae_UCG-003, and Ruminococcaceae_UCG-002, were significantly reduced in the HIP group and were negatively correlated with HbA1c. HbA1c levels were positively correlated with Bacteroidaceae and Enterobacteriaceae and negatively correlated with Christensenellaceae, etc. CRP was positively correlated with the Bacteroidaceae and Fusobacteriaceae families and the Fusobacterium genus. Conclusions: Our study revealed that individuals with HIP have gut microbial dysbiosis and that certain bacterial groups are associated with glucose metabolism during pregnancy. Further study is needed to provide new ideas to control glucose by modifying the gut microbiota. © 2020 The Author(s).
Metabolic syndrome and pregnancy. Is there a gastroenterological trace?; In recent years, in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome (MS), great importance has been attached to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and violation of the intestinal microbial-tissue complex. This review summarizes current data on possible pathophysiological mechanisms that link NAFLD, pregnancy, and intestinal microbiota disorders. The clinical consequences of NAFLD influence on pregnancy and development of obstetric complications and adverse perinatal outcomes are analyzed. © 2020 Global Media Tekhnologii. All right reserved.
Exploration of the microbiota and metabolites within body fluids could pinpoint novel disease mechanisms; Thanks to the emergence and recent advances in high-throughput sequencing technologies, it is becoming more evident every day that changes in the microbiome composition are linked to a myriad of health conditions. Despite this, the mechanisms of host–microbiota signalling remain largely unknown. The microbiome has an extensive metabolic activity that leads to the generation of a large number of compounds that are likely to influence host health. Therefore, the microbiome–host cross-talk is in part mediated by microbial-derived metabolites. Unlike metagenomics, which only provides information about microbial genes and thus the microbiome functional potential, metabolic phenotyping is well suited to capture their actual metabolic activity. Here, we provide an overview of these approaches and propose an integration of metagenomics, as a microbiome compositional readout, with faecal and plasma/urine metabolomics, as a functional readout, to unravel novel mechanisms linking the microbiome to host health and disease. © 2019 Federation of European Biochemical Societies
The role of dietary carbohydrates in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is hyperglycemia that is recognized for the first time during pregnancy. GDM is associated with a wide range of short- and long-term adverse health consequences for both mother and offspring. It is a complex disease with a multifactorial etiology, with disturbances in glucose, lipid, inflammation and gut microbiota. Consequently, its management is complex, requiring patients to self-manage their diet, lifestyle and self-care behaviors in combination with use of insulin. In addition to nutritional recommendations for all pregnant women, special attention to dietary carbohydrate (CHO) amount and type on glucose levels is especially important in GDM. Dietary CHO are diverse, ranging from simple sugars to longer-chain oligo- and poly- saccharides which have diverse effects on blood glucose, microbial fermentation and bowel function. Studies have established that dietary CHO amount and type can impact maternal glucose and nutritional recommendations advise women with GDM to limit total intake or choose complex and low glycemic CHO. However, robust maternal and infant benefits are not consistently shown. Novel approaches which help women with GDM adhere to dietary recommendations such as diabetes-specific meal replacements (which provide a defined and complete nutritional composition with slowly-digested CHO) and continuous glucose monitors (which provide unlimited monitoring of maternal glycemic fluctuations) have shown benefits on both maternal and neonatal outcomes. Continued research is needed to understand and develop tools to facilitate patient adherence to treatment goals, individualize interventions and improve outcomes. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A systematic review of the association of neuregulin 4, a brown fat–enriched secreted factor, with obesity and related metabolic disturbances; Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4), a novel brown fat–enriched hormone, plays a key role in the modulation of glucose and lipid metabolism and energy balance. Recent data have demonstrated that the expression of Nrg4 is substantially down-regulated in mouse and human obesity, making its regulatory aspect intriguing. Because of the close relationship between Nrg4, obesity, and associated metabolic diseases, this systematic review aimed to assess the association of Nrg4 with obesity and related metabolic disturbances, emphasizing its possible mechanisms of action in these disorders. We searched PubMed/Medline, ScienceDirect, Scopus, EMBASE, ProQuest, and Google Scholar up until June 2019. The evidence reviewed here indicates that Nrg4 may contribute to the prevention of obesity and related metabolic complications by elevating brown adipose tissue activity, increasing the expression of thermogenic markers, decreasing the expression of lipogenic/adipogenic genes, exacerbating white adipose tissue browning, increasing the number of brite/beige adipocytes, promoting hepatic fat oxidation and ketogenesis, inducing neurite outgrowth, enhancing blood vessels in adipose tissue, increasing the circulatory levels of healthy adipokines, and improving glucose homeostasis. Thus, Nrg4 appears to be a novel therapeutic strategy for the treatment of obesity and associated metabolic complications. However, prospective cohort studies are warranted to confirm these outcomes. © 2019 World Obesity Federation
Circulating irisin levels of prenatal and postnatal patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: At present, there are few studies on the relationship between circulating irisin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the results are inconsistent. Therefore, this study conducts a systematic review and meta-analysis to comprehensively discuss the role of irisin in the occurrence and development of GDM. Methods: We searched the articles on the relationship between GDM and circulating irisin levels up to September 2019, using the CNKI, WANFANG-DATA, PubMed and the Web of Science databases. Results: Twenty two articles including 3563 participants were selected in the meta-analysis. Meta-analysis found the blood irisin levels for GDM group were significantly lower than that for control group during pregnancy(SMD = −0.88, 95%CI: −1.34, −0.42, P < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference of irisin levels in the postpartum blood and cord blood between the two groups (SMD = −1.44, 95 %CI: −3.79, 0.92, P = 0.23; SMD = −0.17, 95 %CI: −0.59, 0.25, P = 0.42, respectively). Conclusions: Compared with the control group, irisin levels in the GDM group during pregnancy are lower. However, it is no significant difference of irisin levels in the postpartum blood and cord blood. Irisin may play an important role in the occurrence and development of GDM, which needs further research to demonstrate. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Mechanisms of M1/M2 macrophage polarization in different diseases; Macrophages are one of the most important innate immune cells in human, which have high heterogeneity and plasticity. According to different micro-environmental stimuli conditions, macrophage polarization can be divided into Ml and M2 subsets. The M1/M2 phenotype of macrophages is related to the pathological process of various diseases, but the molecular mechanisms have not yet been elucidated. This article reviews macrophage polarization and the related diseases, such as tumors, metabolic diseases, inflammatory diseases, highlights the important role of M1/M2 balance, and provides a new target and direction for clinical treatment. © 2020 Publication Centre of Anhui Medical University. All rights reserved.
A highly sensitive red-emitting probe for the detection of viscosity changes in living cells, zebrafish, and human blood samples; Intracellular viscosity can be measured to reflect the state of living cells. Fluorescent probes are powerful tools for viscosity detection in vivo. Herein, we report on a novel red-emitting viscosity-sensitive probe DJH with a large Stokes shift of 165 nm, showing a 400-fold fluorescence enhancement from PBS solution to 90% glycerol. The probe was suitable for the visualization of the changes in viscosity within living cells and also in zebrafish treated with microplastics for the first time. Furthermore, the viscosity of fresh blood from diabetic mice and hypertensive and diabetic patients was first evaluated by using DJH. These results showed that the probe has a wide range of potential applications in basic research on environmental pollution and in the pre-diagnosis of patients. © 2020 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Selenium and selenoprotein P in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Conflicting data link nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a disease with no currently approved treatment, with selenium (Se) and selenoprotein P (SELENOP), a glycoprotein synthesized and primarily secreted by the hepatocytes, functioning as a Se transporter from the liver to other tissues. This review aims to summarize the evidence between Se, SELENOP, and NAFLD, which may hopefully clarify whether current data on Se and SELENOP in NAFLD warrant further investigation for their diagnostic and therapeutic potential. Most, albeit not all, experimental data show a favorable effect of Se on hepatic steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis. It seems that Se may exert an antioxidant effect on the liver, at least partly via increasing the activity of glutathione peroxidase, whose depletion contributes to the pathogenesis of hepatic inflammation and fibrosis. Se may also affect metalloproteinases, cytokines, and growth factors participating in the pathogenesis of NAFLD and, most importantly, may induce the apoptosis of hepatic stellate cells, the key players in hepatic fibrosis. However, the association between Se or SELENOP and insulin resistance, which is a principal pathogenetic factor of NAFLD, remains inconclusive. Clinical studies on Se or SELENOP in NAFLD are conflicting, apart from those in advanced liver disease (cirrhosis or hepatocellular carcinoma), in which lower circulating Se and SELENOP are constant findings. Existing data warrant further mechanistic studies in valid animal models of human NAFLD. Prospective cohort studies and possibly randomized controlled trials are also needed to elucidate the diagnostic and therapeutic potential of Se supplementation in selected NAFLD individuals with Se deficiency. © 2019, Hellenic Endocrine Society.
The Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS); PCOS is the commonest endocrine abnormality in women of reproductive age. It represents the major cause of anovulatory infertility and is also associated with hirsutism and acne. The typical biochemical features are elevated serum levels of testosterone and luteinizing hormone (LH) along with metabolic disturbances including insulin resistance and abnormalities of energy expenditure. PCOS is now recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease in later life. At least in part, this reflects the strong associations between PCOS and obesity, with the latter being an amplifier of PCOS. The etiology of PCOS is unclear, and it seems to be a complex disease resulting from a complex interplay between genetic and environmental factors. Moreover, there is evidence for familial clustering of endocrine and metabolic features of PCOS. Environmental factors such as diet and obesity might similarly contribute to the phenotype. Due to its heterogeneous nature, there have been historical disagreements about the definitions and how to diagnose PCOS. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involve restoring fertility, treatment of metabolic complaints, treatment of androgen excess, and providing endometrial protection. The complexity of the disorder, and the impact on quality of life, requires timely diagnosis, screening for complications, and management strategies of the long-term health issues associated with PCOS. The syndrome remains underdiagnosed, and women experience significant delays to diagnosis. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
HYPERGLYCEMIA IN PREGNANCY AMONG SOUTH ASIAN WOMEN: EXPERIENCE FROM UNIVERSAL SCREENING AND MULTI-DISCIPLINARY MANAGEMENT; Estimates indicate that South Asia accounts for over two fifths of the global burden of hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP). Considering the high risk for women of South Asian descent, universal screening for HIP is recommended. Optimal glycemic control preconception and throughout pregnancy improves pregnancy outcome. Abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy results in short- and long-term adverse outcomes for mother, fetus and offspring. Pregnancy is an excellent opportunity to recognize and institute preventive strategies to achieve primary and secondary prevention for the mothers and primordial prevention for the next generation. Multi-disciplinary and a life course approach with a holistic outlook in managing these women are advocated by many professional groups in South Asia. However, there are numerous challenges and barriers in managing these women. This chapter addresses background, pathophysiology, and impact of HIP, screening, diagnosis and multi-disciplinary management from preconception to postpartum follow up. It also describes the challenges and barriers in managing these women. © 2020 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
The prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and prediabetes in Eastern Mediterranean region (EMRO): A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Previous studies of diabetes in Eastern Mediterranean Region (EMRO) did not assess the prevalence of either unknown diabetes or prediabetes. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to estimate the prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and prediabetes as well as variations by region in EMRO, using the relevant publications since 2000. Methods: We carried out a comprehensive electronic search on electronic databases from January 1, 2000 to March 1, 2018. We selected cross-sectional and cohort studies reporting the prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, or both. Two independent reviewers initially screened the eligible articles; then, synthesized the target data from full papers. Random- or fixed-effect models, subgroup analysis on Human Development Index (HDI), and publication year and sensitivity analysis to minimize the plausible effect of outliers were used. Results: Amongst 849 identified citations, 55 articles were entered into meta-analysis, involving 567,025 individuals. The forest plots estimated 5.46% (confidence intervals [CI]: 4.77–6.14) undiagnosed diabetic and 12.19% (CI: 10.13–14.24) prediabetics in EMRO. Low HDI countries and high HDI countries had the highest (7.25%; CI: 4.59–9.92) and the lowest (3.98%; CI: 3.11–4.85) undiagnosed diabetes prevalence, respectively. Very high HDI countries and low HDI countries had the highest (13.50%; CI: 8.43–18.57) and the lowest (7.45%; 1.20–13.71) prediabetes prevalence, respectively. In addition, meta-regression analysis showed a statistically significant association between publication year and prevalence of prediabetes (Reg Coef = 0.059, P = 0.014). But such finding was not observed for undiagnosed diabetes and publication year (Reg Coef = 0.034, P = 0.124), prediabetes and HDI (Reg Coef = 0.128, P = 0.31) and undiagnosed diabetes and HDI (Reg Coef = − 0.04, P = 0.96). Conclusion: The prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes and prediabetes was high and increasing. The notion of universal health coverage is a priority; that is the integration of the primary, secondary and tertiary health levels, as well as employing the available action plans. Therefore, future studies, using identical screening tool and diagnostic criteria, are warranted to make an accurate picture of diabetes in EMRO. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Role of First-trimester serum C1q/TNF-Related protein 9 in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The current study aims to explore the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and C1q/TNF-related protein 9 (CTRP9) level in early pregnancy. Methods: Clinical data of 63 GDM patients and 70 normal pregnant women were included in the present study. Binary logistic regression analysis was used to explore the risk factors for GDM. To determine the value of CTPR9 for predicting GDM, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC-ROC) was analyzed. Pearson's correlation assay was performed to explore the relationship between serum CTRP9 and body mass index (BMI) or oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Results: Our data showed that the age, median maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, and fasting blood glucose during pregnancy of GDM group were significantly higher than those of the control group. ELISA showed the level of first-trimester serum CTRP9 was significantly decreased in GDM patients compared with that of healthy controls. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that first-trimester serum CTRP9 and BMI were risk factors of GDM. The AUC-ROC showed that the diagnostic efficiency of CTRP9 + BMI was much higher than that of BMI alone. Moreover, first-trimester serum CTRP9 was found to be negatively correlated with BMI or OGTT in GDM patients. Conclusions: Serum CTRP9 was an independent risk factor for the progression of GDM in pregnant women. Combined use of first-trimester serum CTRP9 and maternal pre-pregnancy BMI may be able to more accurately predict the occurrence of GDM.  Copyright © 2020 Clin. Lab.
Cardiometabolic-Based Chronic Disease, Adiposity and Dysglycemia Drivers: JACC State-of-the-Art Review; A new cardiometabolic-based chronic disease (CMBCD) model is presented that provides a basis for early and sustainable, evidence-based therapeutic targeting to promote cardiometabolic health and mitigate the development and ravages of cardiovascular disease. In the first part of this JACC State-of-the-Art Review, a framework is presented for CMBCD, focusing on 3 primary drivers (genetics, environment, and behavior) and 2 metabolic drivers (adiposity and dysglycemia) with applications to 3 cardiovascular endpoints (coronary heart disease, heart failure, and atrial fibrillation). Specific mechanistic pathways are presented configuring early primary drivers with subsequent adiposity, insulin resistance, β-cell dysfunction, and metabolic syndrome, leading to cardiovascular disease. The context for building this CMBCD model is to expose actionable targets for prevention to achieve optimal cardiovascular outcomes. The tactical implementation of this CMBCD model is the subject of second part of this JACC State-of-the-Art Review. © 2020 American College of Cardiology Foundation
Evaluation of the andrographolides role and its indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitory potential and attendant molecular mechanism against STZ-induced diabetic rats; The study is to scrutinize andrographolides with Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) inhibitory potential, its molecular mechanism against streptozotocin (STZ) diabetic retinopathy (DR) in Wistar rats. Oxidative stress markers such as Kynurenine metabolites, retinal histopathological changes have been studied. Further, IDO gene expression and docking studies have been performed. Andrographolide treated rats have been reducing the level of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances and protein carbonyls Kynurenine metabolites with an improvement in the level of GSH and expression of IDO as revealed by morphological changes in inner and outer nuclear layer of the retina. The current results of this study have been generated information about an activity of the andrographolide in the essential pocket of IDO. Our results explain, involving IDO and andrographolide would constitute an attempt to identify natural products with therapeutic value and further studies in this direction would be of immense significance in the administration of diabetes and its related problems. © 2019 The Author(s)
SCGRNs: Novel supervised inference of single-cell gene regulatory networks of complex diseases; Single-cell gene regulatory network (SCGRN) inference refers to the process of inferring gene regulatory networks from single-cell data, which are generated via single-cell RNA-sequencing (scRNA-seq) technologies. Although scRNA-seq leads to the generation of data pertaining to cells of particular interest, the single-cell data are noisy and highly sparse, which makes the analysis of such data a challenging task. In this study, we model an SCGRN as a directed graph where an edge from a source node (also called transcription factor (TF)) to a target node (also called target gene) indicates that a TF regulates a target gene. Inferring the SCGRN via predicting TF-target gene regulations would help biologists better understand various diseases in terms of networks. Following the modeling step, we propose three machine learning approaches. The first approach considers feature vectors encoding regulatory relationships of expressed TFs-target genes as input. The resulting model is then used to predict unseen TF-target gene regulations. The second machine learning approach constructs new feature vectors via incorporating features obtained from stacked autoencoders, which are provided to a machine learning algorithm to induce a model and predict unseen regulations of TFs-target genes. The third approach extends the second approach via including topological features extracted from an SCGRN. We perform an experimental study comparing our approaches against adapted unsupervised approaches. Experimental results on SCGRNs pertaining to healthy and type 2 pancreatic diabetes demonstrate the clinical importance and the accurate prediction performance of the proposed approaches. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of apigenin on insulin resistance and PI3K/Akt pathway in gestational diabetic rats; Objective To investigate the effect of apigenin on insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rats, and to explore the possible mechanism. Methods On the 5th day of pregnancy, GDM model rats were prepared by tail iv 35 mg/kg streptozotocin suspension, GDM model rats were randomly divided into model group, apigenin low, medium and high dose (10, 20 and 40 mg/kg) group and metformin group (positive control, 20 mg/kg). Normal pregnant rats were set as control group, with 12 rats in each group. The levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin (FINS), insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) and serum triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and high density lipoprotein (HDL-C) were measured by automatic biochemical method, the level of malondialdehyde (MDA) was measured by thiobarbituric acid method, superoxide dismutase (SOD) was detected by azoblue tetrazole colorimetry, histopathological changes of islets were observed by HE staining, semi-quantitative scoring was used to evaluate islet tissue injury, and the expressions of phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K), p-PI3K, protein kinase B (Akt) and p-Akt in islet tissues were detected by Western blotting. Results Compared with control group, FBG, FINS and HOMA-IR increased in GDM group, TC, TG and HDL-C increased, the level of SOD decreased, the level of MDA increased, the histopathological score of islets increased, and the phosphorylation levels of PI3K and Akt proteins in islet tissue decreased (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM group, FBG, FINS and HOMA-IR decreased in Apigenin low, medium and high dose groups and Metformin group, TC, TG and HDL-C decreased, the level of SOD increased, the level of MDA decreased, the histopathological score of islets decreased, and the phosphorylation levels of PI3K and Akt proteins in islet tissue increased (P < 0.05). Conclusions Apigenin can improve blood glucose and blood lipid, reduce insulin resistance and protect islet tissue. Its mechanism may be related to activation of PI3K/Akt signal pathway. © 2020 The authors.
Zebra Fish Model - Can It be used to Unlock the Research Insights of Obesity in Humans? Let’s Review; Genetic roots of human ailments were studied by using various laboratory methods. Animal models are required to define genetic mutations involved in manifestation of symptoms in patients. Obesity is a clinical condition characterized by subclinical inflammation due to the predominance of adipokines, often causing tissue damage and if not treated with adequate care can even lead to organ damage. The microarray investigation has demonstrated a specific gene pattern that was similar to human non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in diet-induced obesity zebrafish model. It is now well documented that there is an eighty percent resemblance with human genome, with complete sequencing of zebrafish genome as indication ropes the theory of positive association amid increased lipid content in food items, obesogenic pathways, abnormal regulation and weight gain and the development of cardiovascular diseases and hence findings in zebrafish could be extrapolated to human beings. Zebrafish model is now being preferred over other commonly used animal models because of its cost effectiveness and good genetic compatibility when compared with human species as evident from success of various translational research with zebrafish on disorders of nervous system in humans. © 2020
Adipocyte Fatty Acid-Binding Protein 4 is Altered in Growth Discordant Dichorionic, but not in Monochorionic Twins; Context: The fetal period has a critical and long-lasting impact on the regulation of metabolic processes and a life-long predisposition for obesity and metabolic syndrome. The exact mechanisms are unknown, but epigenetic regulation likely plays a major role. Twins represent an excellent model to study these mechanisms, as they share the same intrauterine environment and similar or even the same genetic information. We examined cord blood levels of adipocyte fatty-acid binding protein 4 (A-FABP or FABP4), a novel adipokine correlated with obesity and metabolic disease in children and adults. Objective: To examine A-FABP levels in the cord blood of twins with concordant and discordant growth and in singletons with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Design: Cohort study of 36 twin pairs (25 growth concordant and 11 growth discordant), and 42 singleton pregnancies (28 IUGR and 13 normally grown controls, 1 HELLP). Outcome Measures: Cord blood A-FABP levels measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: A-FABP levels were higher in the smaller of growth discordant dichorionic (DC) twins versus their co-twins (109.46 ± 62.80 ng/mL vs. 72.93 ± 36.66 ng/mL, P = 0.028). A-FABP was negatively correlated with birth weight and gestational age (P < 0.001), but not with birth weight z-score (P = 0.37). Conclusions: Increased A-FABP levels might be associated with an increased metabolic risk in growth-restricted (twins) and prematurely born infants. © Endocrine Society 2019.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS AND INFLAMMATION; Pregnancy regulates immune system and inflammatory processes. Low grade inflammation is responsible for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The process begins in first trimester and both T and B lymphocytes play role. Inflammation of the adipose tissue and liver is critical for the development of GDM. Obesity and excess weight gain contribute to development of inflammation. © 2020 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity programs offspring development and resveratrol potentially reprograms the effects of maternal obesity; Maternal obesity during pregnancy is a now a public health burden that may be the culprit underlying the ever-increasing rates of adult obesity worldwide. Understanding the association between maternal obesity and adult offspring’s obesity would inform policy and practice regarding offspring health through available resources and interventions. This review first summarizes the programming effects of maternal obesity and discusses the possible underlying mechanisms. We then summarize the current evidence suggesting that maternal consumption of resveratrol is helpful in maternal obesity and alleviates its consequences. In conclusion, maternal obesity can program offspring development in an adverse way. Maternal resveratrol could be considered as a potential regimen in reprogramming adverse outcomes in the context of maternal obesity. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adropin as a fat-burning hormone with multiple functions—review of a decade of research; Adropin is a unique hormone encoded by the energy homeostasis-associated (Enho) gene. Adropin is produced in the liver and brain, and also in peripheral tissues such as in the heart and gastrointestinal tract. Furthermore, adropin is present in the circulatory system. A decade after its discovery, there is evidence that adropin may contribute to body weight regulation, glucose and lipid homeostasis, and cardiovascular system functions. In this review, we summarize and discuss the physiological, metabolic, and pathophysiological factors regulating Enho as well as adropin. Furthermore, we review the literature addressing the role of adropin in adiposity and type 2 diabetes. Finally, we elaborate on the role of adropin in the context of the cardiovascular system, liver diseases, and cancer. © 2020 by the authors.
Liuwei Dihuang Pills alleviate the polycystic ovary syndrome with improved insulin sensitivity through PI3K/Akt signaling pathway; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex gynecological endocrine disease commonly occurred in women of childbearing age. The main hallmark of PCOS includes elevated androgen production and insulin resistance (IR). Liuwei Dihuang Pills (LWDH Pills), a commonly prescribed traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is widely used as a tonic prescription to treat diabetes, female menopause syndrome and other symptoms with‘Kidney-Yin’ deficiency. It has been reported the effects LWDH pills on PI3K/Akt signaling pathway in T2DM treatment. Recent studies have also indicated that the treatment of menopausal syndrome may be associated with the ovarian sexual hormone levels regulated by LWDH pills to alleviate female infertility. However, its potential benefits on PCOS have not been fully elucidated. Aim of the study: The primary aim of this study was to investigate the alterations of PI3K/Akt pathway in polycystic ovary syndrome-insulin resistance (PCOS-IR) progression induced by letrozole combined with high fat diet (HFD) and then to explore the detailed mechanism of LWDH Pills to alleviate PCOS. Materials and methods: The female Sprague-Dawley rats were continuously treated with letrozole (p.o administration at 1 mg kg−1·day−1) and HFD for 21 days to establish the PCOS-IR model. Concurrently, metformin (200 mg kg−1·day−1) or LWDH Pills was orally administrated (1.2 or 3.6 g kg−1·day−1) to intervene disease progression. The ovarian pathology was evaluated by HE (hematoxylin-eosin) staining. The serum sexual hormones, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), estradiol, testosterone, progesterone and fasting insulin (FINS) were determined by radioimmunoassay. The protein expressions of IRS-1, PI3Kp85α, Akt and FoxO1a were analyzed by western blotting, while the mRNA levels of follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR) and Cyp19a1 in ovarian tissue were measured by qPCR. Results: The upregulated phosphorylation of IRS-1 (S307), down-regulated phosphorylation of PI3Kp85α, Akt, and FoxO1a were significantly reversed by LWDH Pills (3.6 g kg−1·day−1) in PCOS-IR rats with up-regulated mRNA levels of FSHR and Cyp19a1 in ovary. Also, the index of insulin resistance was gradually adjusted to normal by LWDH Pills. The serum levels of FSH, estradiol, progesterone levels were significantly raised while LH, testosterone were reduced. The ovarian polycystic changes were alleviated while the atresia follicles were reduced. Conclusion: LWDH Pills therapy obviously improved the ovarian polycystic pathogenesis and regained the development of follicles via upregulating Cyp19a1, alleviated insulin resistance through acting on PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. These findings have provided scientific evidence for LWDH Pills to treat PCOS. © 2019
Chemical constituents and pharmacological activities of garlic (Allium sativum L.): A review; Medicinal plants have been used from ancient times for human healthcare as in the form of traditional medicines, spices, and other food components. Garlic (Allium sativum L.) is an aromatic herbaceous plant that is consumed worldwide as food and traditional remedy for various diseases. It has been reported to possess several biological properties including anticarcinogenic, antioxidant, antidiabetic, renoprotective, anti-atherosclerotic, antibacterial, antifungal, and antihypertensive activities in traditional medicines. A. sativum is rich in several sulfur-containing phytoconstituents such as alliin, allicin, ajoenes, vinyldithiins, and flavonoids such as quercetin. Extracts and isolated compounds of A. sativum have been evaluated for various biological activities including antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal, antiprotozoal, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anticancer activities among others. This review examines the phytochemical composition, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacological activities of A. sativum extracts as well as its main active constituent, allicin. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipose Tissue Distribution, Inflammation and Its Metabolic Consequences, Including Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease; Adipose tissue plays essential roles in maintaining lipid and glucose homeostasis. To date several types of adipose tissue have been identified, namely white, brown, and beige, that reside in various specific anatomical locations throughout the body. The cellular composition, secretome, and location of these adipose depots define their function in health and metabolic disease. In obesity, adipose tissue becomes dysfunctional, promoting a pro-inflammatory, hyperlipidemic and insulin resistant environment that contributes to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Concurrently, similar features that result from adipose tissue dysfunction also promote cardiovascular disease (CVD) by mechanisms that can be augmented by T2DM. The mechanisms by which dysfunctional adipose tissue simultaneously promote T2DM and CVD, focusing on adipose tissue depot-specific adipokines, inflammatory profiles, and metabolism, will be the focus of this review. The impact that various T2DM and CVD treatment strategies have on adipose tissue function and body weight also will be discussed. © Copyright © 2020 Chait and den Hartigh.
Sex Hormone-binding Globulin, Cardiometabolic Biomarkers, and Gestational Diabetes: A Longitudinal Study and Meta-Analysis; Objective:This study investigated the prospective associations of circulating levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels with cardiometabolic biomarkers and risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) during pregnancy. It also examines the longitudinal trajectory of SHBG in women with and without GDM.Methods:We conducted a nested case-control study of 107 incident GDM cases and 214 matched controls within the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singleton Cohort. The cohort enrolled non-obese and obese women aged 18-40 years with a singleton pregnancy between 8 and 13 weeks of gestation from 2009 to 2013. GDM was ascertained via medical records review. Blood samples were drawn four times at gestational weeks 10-14, 15-26, 23-31, and 33-39. The prospective associations between SHBG levels and cardiometabolic biomarkers were examined using the Spearman partial correlation among the controls. The longitudinal trajectories of SHBG levels were examined among the cases and the controls. Meta-Analysis of prospective studies were performed to examine the association between SHBG levels and GDM risk.Results:SHBG levels at gestational weeks 10-14 were significantly inversely associated with fasting insulin (r=-0.17, P=0.01) and insulin resistance as measured by HOMA-IR (r=-0.17, P=0.01) at gestational week 15-26. SHBG at gestational weeks 10-14 and 15-26 was lower in cases than controls (mean ± standard deviation: (204.0±97.6) vs. (220.9±102.5) nmol/L, P=0.16 and (305.6±124.3) vs. (322.7±105.1) nmol/L, P=0.14, respectively), yet the differences were not significant. In the meta-Analysis, SHBG was 41.5nmol/L (95% confidence interval: 23.9, 59.1, P<0.01) significantly lower among women with GDM than without, and each 50nmol/L increase in SHBG was significantly associated with an odds ratio of 0.85 (95% confidence interval: 0.76-0.95, P=0.01) for GDM.Conclusion:Lower SHBG levels in early pregnancy were prospectively associated with higher high insulin levels and insulin resistance in mid-pregnancy and subsequent risk of GDM, independent of adiposity. SHBG may serve as a marker for the identification of high-risk pregnancies during early pregnancy. Copyright © 2020 The Chinese Medical Association, published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Methods and rationale to assess the efficacy of a parenting intervention targeting diet improvement and substance use prevention among Latinx adolescents; Latinx adolescents are at higher risk for chronic diseases relative to adolescents of other ethnic groups, in part because of their lack of adherence to diet recommendations and their higher rates of substance use. Given the proximal influence of family factors during the developmental stage of adolescence, parenting interventions may be an effective way to promote healthy nutrition and substance use prevention simultaneously. This article describes the design and theoretical rationale of a study assessing the effects of Families Preparing the New Generation Plus (FPNG Plus), a 10-week culturally-tailored nutrition and substance use prevention parenting program, on diet and substance use outcomes among Latinx middle school students (6th–8th grade). The 3-arm cluster randomized controlled trial compares FPNG Plus (substance use prevention and healthy nutrition), FPNG (substance use prevention only), and a comparison condition (focusing on academic success) in 1494 parent-child dyads from 18 schools, randomized at the school level. Adolescents and parents will complete surveys pre- and post-intervention, and 16-weeks after program participation, regarding diet behaviors, substance use, and parenting practices. A random subsample of 126 dyads (42 from each program), will participate in additional data collection to assess the home food environment, detailed dietary intake (via two 24-h recalls), and provide biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk (blood pressure, total cholesterol and HbA1c). If successful, this study will provide evidence contributing to helping Latinx parents assist their adolescent children develop and maintain long-lasting positive lifestyle behaviors in order to prevent concurrent substance use and diet-related chronic diseases. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolically healthy obesity—Heterogeneity in definitions and unconventional factors; The concept of heterogeneity among obese individuals in their risk for developing metabolic dysfunction and associated complications has been recognized for decades. At the origin of the heterogeneity idea is the acknowledgement that individuals with central obesity are more prone to developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease than those with peripheral obesity. There have been attempts to categorize subjects according to their metabolic health and degree of obesity giving rise to different obese and non-obese phenotypes that include metabolically unhealthy normal-weight (MUHNW), metabolically healthy obese (MHO), and metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO). Individuals belonging to the MHO phenotype are obese according to their body mass index although exhibiting fewer or none metabolic anomalies such as type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and/or unfavorable inflammatory and fribinolytic profiles. However, some authors claim that MHO is only transient in nature. Additionally, the phenotype categorization is controversial as it lacks standardized definitions possibly blurring the distinction between obesity phenotypes and confounding the associations with health outcomes. To add to the discussion, the factors underlying the origin or protection from metabolic deterioration and cardiometabolic risk for these subclasses are being intensely investigated and several hypotheses have been put forward. In the present review, we compare the different definitions of obesity phenotypes and present several possible factors underlying them (adipose tissue distribution and cellularity, contaminant accumulation on the adipose tissue, dysbiosis and metabolic endotoxemia imposing on to the endocannabinoid tone and inflammasome, and nutrient intake and dietary patterns) having inflammatory activation at the center. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Circulating Wnt1-inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP-1/CCN4) is a novel biomarker of adiposity in subjects with type 2 diabetes; Background: Wnt1-inducible signaling pathway protein 1, or cellular communication network factor 4 (CCN4), a member of CCN family of secreted, extracellular matrix associated signaling proteins, recently was validated as a novel adipose tissue derived cytokine. Objective: To assess the relationships between circulating CCN4, adipose tissue distribution and function, and chronic low-grade inflammation in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Methods: We observed 156 patients with type 2 diabetes and 24 healthy controls. Serum levels of CCN4, hsCRP and alpha1-acid glycoprotein (alpha1-AGP) were measured by ELISA. Serum concentrations of leptin, resistin, visfatin, adipsin, adiponectin, IL-6, IL-8, IL-18 and TNF-alpha were determined by multiplex analysis. Fat mass and distribution was assessed by DEXA. Mean diameter of adipocytes was estimated in samples of subcutaneous adipose tissue. Results: Patients with diabetes had higher levels of circulating CCN4, leptin, resistin, adipsin, visfatin, hsCRP, alpha1-AGP, and IL-6 (all p < 0.02). The CCN4 concentration correlated positively with percentage of fat mass in central abdominal area, as well as with leptin, resistin and visfatin levels; negative correlation was found between CCN4 and mean adipocyte diameter. In multiple regression analysis fat mass in central abdominal area was independent predictor for CCN4 concentration. Conclusion: In subjects with type 2 diabetes serum levels of CCN4 are associated with central abdominal fat mass and adipose tissue dysfunction. © 2019, The International CCN Society.
Machine learning applications in endocrinology and metabolism research: An overview; Machine learning (ML) applications have received extensive attention in endocrinology research during the last decade. This review summarizes the basic concepts of ML and certain research topics in endocrinology and metabolism where ML principles have been actively deployed. Relevant studies are discussed to provide an overview of the methodology, main findings, and limitations of ML, with the goal of stimulating insights into future research directions. Clear, testable study hypotheses stem from unmet clinical needs, and the management of data quality (beyond a focus on quantity alone), open collaboration between clinical experts and ML engineers, the development of interpretable high-performance ML models beyond the black-box nature of some algorithms, and a creative environment are the core prerequisites for the foreseeable changes expected to be brought about by ML and artificial intelligence in the field of endocrinology and metabolism, with actual improvements in clinical practice beyond hype. Of note, endocrinologists will continue to play a central role in these developments as domain experts who can properly generate, refine, analyze, and interpret data with a combination of clinical expertise and scientific rigor. Copyright © 2020 Korean Endocrine Society
Angiopoietin-like proteins as therapeutic targets for cardiovascular disease: focus on lipid disorders; Introduction: Angiopoietin-like (ANGPTL) proteins belong to a family of eight secreted factors that are structurally related to proteins that modulate angiogenesi, commonly known as angiopoietins. Specifically, ANGPTL3, ANGPTL4, and ANGPTL8 (the ‘ANGPT L3-4-8 triad’), have surfaced as principal regulators of plasma lipid metabolism by functioning as potent inhibitors of lipoprotein lipase. The targeting of these proteins may open up future therapeutic avenues for metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Areas covered: This article systematically summarizes the compelling literature describing the mechanistic roles of ANGPTL3, 4, and 8 in lipid metabolism, emphasizing their importance in determining the risk of cardiovascular disease. We shed light on population-based studies linking loss-of-function variations in ANGPTL3, 4, and 8 with decreased risk of metabolic conditions and cardiovascular disorders. We also discuss how the strategies aiming at targeting the ANGPT L3-4-8 triad could offer therapeutic benefit in the clinical scenario. Expert opinion: Monoclonal antibodies and antisense oligonucleotides that target ANGPTL3, 4, and 8 are potentially an efficient therapeutic strategy for hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular risk reduction, especially in patients with limited treatment options. These innovative therapeutical approaches are at an embryonic stage in development and hence further investigations are necessary for eventual use in humans. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Perinatal nutritional intervention: Current and future perspectives; Fetal and infancy periods are critical for growth and organ functional development; some factors during early life are able to produce harmful effects with long-term and even intergenerational consequences. Observational studies performed in humans and experimental studies in animal models have provided evidences about how alterations in the early nutritional environment will produce epigenetic disturbances involved in energy expenditure regulation, immune system, and other systemic effects, promoting the development of certain diseases. Nonetheless, there are few intervention studies carried out in humans, analyzing epigenetic changes and their role on disease development. Furthermore, in previous research the role of gut microbiota throughout signaling of its metabolites on the developmental patterns of immune system related-diseases and noncommunicable diseases has been less studied. Here, we update the knowledge available from the perinatal nutritional intervention studies performed. The results coming out from these studies are generating new opportunities for future early personalized prevention and therapeutical strategies. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic Health, Insulin, and Breast Cancer: Why Oncologists Should Care About Insulin; Studies investigating the potential link between adult pre-menopausal obesity [as measured by body mass index (BMI)] and triple-negative breast cancer have been inconsistent. Recent studies show that BMI is not an exact measure of metabolic health; individuals can be obese (BMI > 30 kg/m2) and metabolically healthy or lean (BMI < 25 kg/m2) and metabolically unhealthy. Consequently, there is a need to better understand the molecular signaling pathways that might be activated in individuals that are metabolically unhealthy and how these signaling pathways may drive biologically aggressive breast cancer. One key driver of both type-2 diabetes and cancer is insulin. Insulin is a potent hormone that activates many pathways that drive aggressive breast cancer biology. Here, we review (1) the controversial relationship between obesity and breast cancer, (2) the impact of insulin on organs, subcellular components, and cancer processes, (3) the potential link between insulin-signaling and cancer, and (4) consider time points during breast cancer prevention and treatment where insulin-signaling could be better controlled, with the ultimate goal of improving overall health, optimizing breast cancer prevention, and improving breast cancer survival. © Copyright © 2020 Yee, Mortimer, Natarajan, Dietze and Seewaldt.
The potential role of metformin in the treatment of Parkinson's disease; The main treatments for Parkinson's disease (PD) currently include surgery, rehabilitation, and most commonly, drug therapy. However, the drugs that are currently used to treat PD provide only symptomatic relief and delayed disease progression but have no curative effect and cause many adverse reactions. When considering pathogenic factors and metabolic regulation, PD and type 2 diabetes have a high rate of comorbidity; this provides a theoretical basis for the treatment of PD with first-line antidiabetic drugs. Among these agents, metformin reduces neuronal damage in the brains of PD patients via neuroprotection and the inhibition of oxidative stress and inflammatory responses, thus providing a novel strategy for the clinical treatment of PD. Here, we present the current state of knowledge about the use of metformin to treat PD and discuss its clinical prospects. © 2020 Journal of Bio-X Research. All right reserved.
Adipokines in obesity and metabolic diseases; Adipose tissue secretes many adipokines that regulate important physiological functions. Growing studies have highlighted that these bioactive molecules may contribute to the development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Adipokines exert systemic metabolic effects and independent activity on numerous cells of the cardiovascular system, including cardiomyocytes and vascular cell walls. Adiponectin shows anti-inflammatory and anti-atherosclerotic activity on blood vessels. Conversely, resistin is endowed with pro-inflammatory effects and stimulates the proliferation of smooth muscle cells, thus promoting the development of atherosclerotic plaque. Leptin plays an important role in cardiac remodeling and blood pressure regulation through the activation of the sympathetic system. Obesity is a pathological condition associated with hypertrophy of white adipose tissue, which stimulates the production of pro-inflammatory adipokines while, it reduces the production of anti-inflammatory adipokines. The delicate balance among the production of pro-and anti-inflammatory molecules generated by adipose tissue affects, not only the development of metabolic complications associated with obesity, but also the onset and progression of atherosclerosis. Therefore, adipokines may be regarded as potential agents of clinical interest in the treatment of a wide range of metabolic disorders and as potential biomarkers useful for early detection of metabolic, cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases. © 2020
Correlative study on body mass index with sex hormone, leptin and adiponectin in girls with central precocious puberty; Objective To investigate the effects of body mass index (BMI) on serum levels of sex hormones, leptin and adiponectin(APN) in girls with central precocious puberty, in order to provide reference for appropriately analyzing GnRHa test result and illustrating the possible mechanism of leptin and adiponectin in adolescent development of obese children. Methods Totally 90 cases of idiopathic central precocious puberty girls who completed the gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue (GnRHa) test in the Affiliated Zhangjiagang Hospital of Soochow University from 2016 to 2018 were selected. According to body mass index (BMI), the participants were divided into normal weight group (n=40), overweight group (n=30) and obesity group (n=20). Serum levels of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), estradiol (E2), testosterone (T), leptin, APN were tested. The correlations between BMI and various hormone levels were analyzed by Spearman correlation analysis. Results The peaks of LH and APN in the overweight and obesity groups were significantly lower than those in the normal group (P<0.05), which was also significantly lower in obesity group than those in overweight group (P<0.05). The leptin level in the overweight group and obesity group was significantly higher than that in normal group (P<0.05). Moreover, obesity group had significantly higher levels of leptin than overweight group (P<0.05). There were positive correlations between BMI and E2, T and leptin levels (r=0.213, 0.250, 0.484, P<0.05), and had negative correlations with LH peak and APN levels (r=-0.417, -0.525, P<0.05). Conclusion It is supposed to take BMI into account when analyzing the result of the GnRHa agonist test and the levels of obesity-related hormones in girls with precocious puberty. © 2020 Editorial Office of Chinese Journal of Child Health Care. All rights reserved.
Emerging role of GIP and related gut hormones in fertility and PCOS; Gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) is best known as an incretin hormone released by enteroendocrine K-cells in response to feeding and stimulates insulin release to regulate blood glucose and nutrient homeostasis. More recently GIP has been ascribed a positive role in lipid metabolism, bone strength, cardiovascular function and cognition. The present paper considers an emerging role of GIP and related gut hormones in fertility and especially polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Key evidence concerns restoration of fertility in women with gross obesity and PCOS following bariatric surgery. This is considered to reflect indirect effects mediated by alleviation of insulin resistance together with possible direct effects of surgically induced changes of GIP, GLP-1 and related peptide hormones on ovaries and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. Further studies are required to determine inter-relationships between the hormones and cellular mechanisms involved but these observations suggest that GIP and other gut may provide a novel therapeutic approach for PCOS and other reproductive disorders. © 2020
Nutrition; The field of wellness has a challenge. This challenge involves connecting wellness with the topic of nutrition. Logic would intuitively connect how a patient eats with how much wellness and vitality they exude. But this challenge is much more complex. Not only is how the field of nutrition is analyzed, measured, and quantified a tremendous confusion, but one must also carefully consider the individual biases of the researchers and any bureaucratic/institutional influence on those researchers. From these multifactorial issues, many publications have arisen within the study of nutrition for each type of diet (or food consumption style) for humans. Each diet is “touted” as the best or most appropriate for some or all patients. Or certain foods are first banished as unhealthful, only to return to the limelight at a later date as now healthful. Obviously, these statements lead to significant and often contradictory messages to clinicians and patients alike. © Cambridge University Press 2020.
Thrombocytopenia in pregnancy: Diagnosis and approach to management; Thrombocytopenia during pregnancy presents unique challenges for the hematologist. Obstetricians generally manage many of the pregnancy-specific etiologies, ranging from the benign (gestational thrombocytopenia) to the life-threatening (preeclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets syndrome; and acute fatty liver of pregnancy). However, hematologists may be consulted for atypical and severe presentations and to help manage non-pregnancy specific etiologies, including immune thrombocytopenia, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, hemolytic uremic syndrome and antiphospholipid syndrome, among others, in which maternal and fetal risks must be considered. This review provides a general approach to the diagnosis and management of thrombocytopenia in pregnancy for the consulting hematologist. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Evening Primrose Oil Ameliorates Hyperleptinemia and Reproductive Hormone Disturbances in Obese Female Rats: Impact on Estrus Cyclicity; Obesity is a public health burden disturbing all body functions and reproductive hormones. As obesity increases among females, there will be a rising challenge to physicians in care from fertility problems. Evening primrose oil (EPR oil) contains essential fatty acids including omega-6 linoleic acid with strong anti-inflammatory activity. Since EPR oil has utility in alleviating dysmenorrhea, this study aimed to ascertain its modulatory effect on systemic inflammation, reproductive hormones and estrus cycle irregularity in female obese rats. Thirty-two female rats were distributed to 4 groups: (i) normal, (ii) dietary obese-control female rats, and (iii and iv) dietary obese female rats treated with EPR oil (5 or 10 g/kg). Rats were examined for estrus regularity by taking vaginal smears daily during the last 2 weeks of the experiment. Serum level of insulin, leptin, adiponectin, and inflammatory cytokines was measured. In addition, serum lipid profile, and liver enzyme activities were estimated. Adipose tissues were taken for histopathologic examination as well as determination of gene expression for leptin, leptin receptors, adiponectin, and visfatin. Obese rats exhibited significant weight gain (90.69 ± 8.9), irregular prolonged estrus cycles (83.33%), increased serum levels of insulin, leptin, prolactin and testosterone and decreased gonadotropin levels. EPR oil exhibited a curative effect on obesity-related irregularity in estrus cycle and ovarian pathology. The underlying molecular mechanism may be related to reduction of systemic inflammation, alleviating insulin resistance and modulation of adipokine expression. EPR oil may be considered as a promising therapeutic intervention against obesity-related female hormonal disturbances and estrus irregularity. © Copyright © 2020 Atteia, Alzahrani, El-Sherbeeny, Youssef, Farag, Mehanna, Elhawary, Ibrahim, Elmistekawy and Zaitone.
Relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during and after pregnancy; While non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-pregnant patients, the clinical significance of NAFLD during pregnancy is still unclear. We hypothesized that sonographic findings of NAFLD during pregnancy would be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and predict abnormal postpartum glucose metabolism. NAFLD was assessed by ultrasound during and after pregnancy. Standard 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was used during pregnancy and post partum to establish GDM and the diagnosis of normal, impaired fasting glucose, or DM. We also measured plasma insulin, C peptide, and free fatty acids (FFA) concentration during an OGTT to evaluate glucose tolerance, insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Of the 84 subjects, 12 had sonographic evidence of NAFLD (5 of whom had OGTT post partum). There was a non-significant trend toward higher mean weight and body mass index during and after gestation in the NAFLD group, but no statistically significant differences in mean age, ethnicity, prepregnancy and postpregnancy hemoglobin A1C values, and postpartum levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), glucose, insulin, or FFA. We did not find an association between sonographic evidence of NAFLD during the third trimester of pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during or after pregnancy. This study also suggests that while AST and ALT are not reliable diagnostic tools for NAFLD during the postpartum period, ultrasound is a reasonably safe, practical, and cost-effective modality to assess maternal hepatic fat during pregnancy. © American Federation for Medical Research 2020. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Evaluation of the effects of probiotic yoghurt on inflammation and cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with metabolic syndrome: A randomised controlled trial; This randomised, double blind study was conducted on 44 subjects with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Participants were randomly assigned to receive 300 g daily regular yoghurt or 300 g probiotic yoghurt for 8 weeks. Serum lipid profiles, blood pressure, anthropometric measurements, and serum inflammatory factors were evaluated before and after the intervention. The inflammatory factors, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, total cholesterol, body fat percentage and waist to hip ratio, were not significantly different within and between the groups after intervention. A significant decrease in weight, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, triglyceride, and a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were found in probiotic yoghurt group after intervention compared with baseline. Consuming probiotic yoghurt in MetS patients did not affect the inflammatory markers and cardiometabolic risk factors significantly. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Effect of maternal lifestyle intervention on metabolic health and adiposity of offspring: Findings from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL); Aim: To assess in women at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) the effect of a lifestyle intervention on the metabolic health of their offspring around 5 years after delivery. Methods: For the original Finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (RADIEL), 720 women with a prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2 and/or previous GDM were enrolled before or during early pregnancy and allocated to either an interventional (n = 126) or conventional (n = 133) care group. The present 5-year follow-up substudy assessed the metabolic health outcomes of their offspring. Age- and gender-standardized residuals of metabolic health components (waist circumference, mean arterial pressure, high-density lipoprotein and triglyceride levels, and fasting insulin/glucose ratio) were also combined to determine the accumulation of metabolic effects. Body composition was assessed by electrical bioimpedance. Results: Offspring of women in the intervention group had a less optimal metabolic profile after the 5-year follow-up compared with offspring in the usual care group (P = 0.014). This difference in metabolic health was primarily related to lipid metabolism, and was more prominent among boys (P = 0.001) than girls (P = 0.74). Neither GDM, gestational weight gain, prepregnancy BMI, offspring age nor timing of randomization (before or during pregnancy) could explain the detected difference, which was also more pronounced among the offspring of GDM pregnancies (P = 0.010). Offspring body composition was similar in both groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The lifestyle intervention aimed at GDM prevention was associated with unfavourable metabolic outcomes among offspring at around 5 years of age. © 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS
Perinatal nutrition and metabolic disease; With the worldwide increase in overnutrition rates, maternal obesity during pregnancy has also increased. This condition is related to increasing incidence of pregnancy and delivery complications, and it is associated to long-term vulnerability of the offspring to suffer metabolic impairments. In addition, nutrition of the newborn through maternal breast milk could be influenced by the nutritional status of the mother, thus adding another factor to be analyzed. In this chapter, we analyze how maternal obesity during pregnancy and composition of maternal milk can affect the newborn metabolic features. Then we discuss, using approaches in animal models and humans, how these alterations could be projected to the adult descendants. Finally, we discuss some of the possible treatments of maternal obesity with the aim to prevent the alterations in offspring. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
High plasmatic levels of advanced glycation end products are associated with metabolic alterations and insulin resistance in preeclamptic women; Aims: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between plasmatic levels of advanced end glycation products (AGEs) and the metabolic profile in subjects diagnosed with preeclampsia, due to the known relation of these molecules with oxidative stress and inflammation, which in turn are related with PE pathogenesis. Background: It has been reported that increased levels of AGEs are observed in patients with preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects, which was mainly associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. Besides, in women with preeclampsia, there are metabolic changes such as hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, among others, that are associated with an exacerbated insulin resistance. Additionally, some parameters indicate the alteration of hepatic function, such as increased levels of liver enzymes. However, the relationship of levels of AGEs with altered lipidic, hepatic, and glucose metabolism parameters in preeclampsia has not been evaluated. Objective: To investigate the association between plasmatic levels of AGEs and hepatic, lipid, and metabolic profiles in women diagnosed with preeclampsia. Methods: Plasma levels of AGEs were determined by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 15 patients diagnosed with preeclampsia and 28 normoevolutive pregnant subjects (control group). Hepatic (serum creatinine, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, uric acid, and lactate dehydrogenase), lipid (apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoproteins, and high-density lipoproteins), and metabolic variables (glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance) were assessed. Results: Plasmatic levels of AGEs were significantly higher in patients with preeclampsia as compared with the control. A positive correlation between circulating levels of AGEs and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, uric acid, glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR levels was found in patients with preeclampsia. In conclusion, circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, variables of hepatic and metabolic profile, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance. Conclusions: Circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, hepatic and metabolic profiles, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance, suggesting that excessive glycation and an impaired metabolic profile contribute to the physiopathology of preeclampsia. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Detection of early disease risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome: A new era with the NMR metabolomics assessment; The metabolic syndrome is a multifactorial disease developed due to accumulation and chronification of several risk factors associated with disrupted metabolism. The early detection of the biomarkers by NMR spectroscopy could be helpful to prevent multifactorial diseases. The exposure of each risk factor can be detected by traditional molecular markers but the current biomarkers have not been enough precise to detect the primary stages of disease. Thus, there is a need to obtain novel molecular markers of pre-disease stages. A promising source of new molecular markers are metabolomics standing out the research of biomarkers in NMR approaches. An increasing number of nutritionists integrate metabolomics into their study design, making nutrimetabolomics one of the most promising avenues for improving personalized nutrition. This review highlight the major five risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome and related diseases including carbohydrate dysfunction, dyslipidemia, oxidative stress, inflammation, and gut microbiota dysbiosis. Together, it is proposed a profile of metabolites of each risk factor obtained from NMR approaches to target them using personalized nutrition, which will improve the quality of life for these patients. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Supplementation of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane in high-fat diet-fed rats during pregnancy and lactation promotes brown/beige adipocyte development and prevents obesity in male offspring; Promoting brown adipose tissue (BAT) function or browning of white adipose tissue (WAT) provides a defense against obesity. The aim of the study was to investigate whether maternal polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane (MFGM-PL) supplementation to high-fat diet (HFD) rats during pregnancy and lactation could promote brown/beige adipogenesis and protect against HFD-induced adiposity in offspring. Female SD rats were fed a HFD for 8 weeks to induce obesity and, then, fed a HFD during pregnancy and lactation with or without MFGM-PL. Male offspring were weaned at postnatal Day 21 and then fed a HFD for 9 weeks. MFGM-PL treatment to HFD dams decreased the body weight gain and WAT mass as well as lowered the serum levels of insulin and triglycerides in male offspring at weaning. MFGM-PL+HFD offspring showed promoted thermogenic function in BAT and inguinal WAT through the upregulation of UCP1 and other thermogenic genes. In adulthood, maternal MFGM-PL supplementation reduced adiposity and increased oxygen consumption, respiratory exchange ratio, and heat production in male offspring. The enhancement of energy expenditure was correlated with elevated BAT activity and inguinal WAT thermogenic program. In conclusion, maternal MFGM-PL treatment activated thermogenesis in offspring, which exerted long-term beneficial effects against HFD-induced obesity in later life. © 2020 Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology
Myo-inositol: its metabolism and potential implications for poultry nutrition—a review; Myo-inositol (MI) has gained relevance in physiology research during the last decade. As a constituent of animal cells, MI was proven to be crucial in several metabolic and regulatory processes. Myo-inositol is involved in lipid signaling, osmolarity, glucose, and insulin metabolism. In humans and rodents, dietary MI was assessed to be important for health so that MI supplementation appeared to be a valuable alternative for treatment of several diseases as well as for improvements in metabolic performance. In poultry, there is a lack of evidence not only related to specific species-linked metabolic processes but also about the effects of dietary MI on performance and health. This review intends to provide information about the meaning of dietary MI in animal metabolism as well as to discuss potential implications of dietary MI in poultry health and performance with the aim to identify open questions in poultry research. © 2019
Efficacy of vitamin D3 buccal spray supplementation compared to other delivery methods: A systematic review of superiority randomized controlled trials; (1) Background: Vitamin D deficiency is an important public health concern and supplementation is common for this deficiency. Many different modes of delivering supplementation have been proposed in order to enhance absorption and utilization. The present review compared the efficacy of vitamin D3 buccal spray against other forms of supplementation delivery. (2) Methods: The protocol was registered at PROSPERO (CRD42019136146). Medline/PubMed, CENTRAL and clinicaltrials.gov were searched from their inception until September 2019, for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compare vitamin D3 delivery via sublingual spray against other delivery methods. Eligible RCTs involved humans, of any age and health status, published in any language that evaluated changes in plasma 25(OH)D concentrations. Three reviewers independently extracted data, assessed risk of bias (RoB) and the quality of the trials. (3) Results: Out of 9759 RCTs, four matched the predefined criteria. Intervention duration ranged from 30 days to 3 months whereas vitamin D3 dosage ranged between 800 and 3000 IU/day. One RCT advocated for the superiority of buccal spray in increasing plasma 25(OH)D concentrations, although several limitations were recorded in that trial. The rest failed to report differences in post-intervention 25(OH)D concentrations between delivery methods. Considerable clinical heterogeneity was observed due to study design, intervention duration and dosage, assays and labs used to perform the assays, population age and health status, not allowing for synthesis of the results. (4) Conclusions: Based on the available evidence, delivery of vitamin D3 via buccal spray does not appear superior to the other modes of delivery. Future RCTs avoiding the existing methodological shortcomings are warranted. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Reduction of blood glucose by plant extracts and their use in the treatment of diabetes mellitus; discrepancies in effectiveness between animal and human studies; Ethnopharmacological relevance: The global problem of diabetes, together with the limited access of large numbers of patients to conventional antidiabetic medicines, continues to drive the search for new agents. Ancient Asian systems such as traditional Chinese medicine, Japanese Kampo medicine, and Indian Ayurvedic medicine, as well as African traditional medicine and many others have identified numerous plants reported anecdotally to treat diabetes; there are probably more than 800 such plants for which there is scientific evidence for their activity, mostly from studies using various models of diabetes in experimental animals. Aim of the review: Rather than a comprehensive coverage of the literature, this article aims to identify discrepancies between findings in animal and human studies, and to highlight some of the problems in developing plant extract-based medicines that lower blood glucose in patients with diabetes, as well as to suggest potential ways forward. Methods: In addition to searching the 2018 PubMed literature using the terms ‘extract AND blood glucose, a search of the whole literature was conducted using the terms ‘plant extracts’ AND ‘blood glucose’ AND ‘diabetes’ AND ‘double blind’ with ‘clinical trials’ as a filter. A third search using PubMed and Medline was undertaken for systematic reviews and meta-analyses investigating the effects of plant extracts on blood glucose/glycosylated haemoglobin in patients with relevant metabolic pathologies. Findings: Despite numerous animal studies demonstrating the effects of plant extracts on blood glucose, few randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials have been conducted to confirm efficacy in treating humans with diabetes; there have been only a small number of systematic reviews with meta-analyses of clinical studies. Qualitative and quantitative discrepancies between animal and human clinical studies in some cases were marked; the factors contributing to this included variations in the products among different studies, the doses used, differences between animal models and the human disease, and the impact of concomitant therapy in patients, as well as differences in the duration of treatment, and the fact that treatment in animals may begin before or very soon after the induction of diabetes. Conclusion: The potential afforded by natural products has not yet been realised in the context of treating diabetes mellitus. A systematic, coordinated, international effort is required to achieve the goal of providing anti-diabetic treatments derived from medicinal plants. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Evidences for expression and location of ANGPTL8 in human adipose tissue; The metabolism of triglycerides (TGs) is regulated, among others, by the lipoprotein lipase (LPL) that hydrolyses the TGs on endothelial cells. In turn, LPL is inhibited by the ANGPTLs family of proteins, such as ANGPTL3, 4, and, 8; the latter is the least known. In this work, we have tried to establish the expression and localisation of the Angiopoietin‐like 8 (ANGPTL8) protein in the visceral adipose tissue (VAT) of morbid‐obese and non‐obese patients. 109 subjects (66 women and 43 men) undergoing laparoscopic surgery participated in this study. A blood sample and a portion of the VAT were obtained, and the patients were classified according to their Body Mass Index (BMI) as non‐obese (19.5–30 kg/m2) and morbid‐obese (40–50 kg/m2). No significant changes in ANGPTL8 plasma levels were determined by EIA in obese patients. The immunocytochemistry and Western blotting showed the presence of increased ANGPTL8 in morbid‐obese patients (p < 0.05). In‐situ hybridisation and a real time polymerase chain reaction (RT‐PCR) confirmed that the mRNA that encodes ANGPTL8 was present in adipocytes, without differences in their nutritional state (p = 0.89), and even in the endothelial cells. Our data suggests that ANGPT8 plasmatic levels do not change significantly in patients with morbid obesity, although there is a modest difference related to gender. Besides, we demonstrate that in visceral adipose tissue, ANGPTL8 is well defined in the cytoplasm of adipocytes coexisting with perilipin‐1 and its mRNA, also is present in endothelial cells. These findings suggest the possibility that among other functions, ANGPTL8 could perform either a paracrine and/or an endocrine role in the adipose tissue. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of hepatitis B virus infection, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase and gamma-glutamyl transferase on prediabetes and diabetes mellitus: A cohort study; Introduction and objectives: The purpose of this study was to confirm whether hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and the levels of liver enzymes would increase the risk of prediabetes and diabetes mellitus (DM) in China. Materials and methods: A total of 10,741 individuals was enrolled in this prospective cohort study. Cox regression analysis was used to calculate the Hazard ratios (HRs) to evaluate the relationships between HBV infection and the risk of DM and prediabetes. Decision trees and dose response analysis were used to explore the effects of liver enzymes levels on DM and prediabetes. Results: In baseline population, HBV infection ratio was 5.31%. In non-adjustment model, the HR of DM in HBV infection group was 1.312 (95% CI, 0.529–3.254). In model adjusted for gender, age and liver cirrhosis, the HR of DM in HBV infection group were 1.188 (95% CI, 0.478–2.951). In model adjusted for gender, age, liver cirrhosis, smoking, drinking, the HR of DM was 1.178 (95% CI, 0.473–2.934). In model further adjusted for education, family income and occupation, the HR of DM was 1.230 (95% CI, 0.493–3.067). With the increases of levels of Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and Gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), the risk of prediabetes was gradually increasing (Pnon-linearity < 0.05). There were dose-response relationships between ALT, GGT and the risk of DM (Pnon-linearity < 0.05). Conclusions: HBV infection was not associated with the risk of prediabetes and DM. The levels of liver enzymes increased the risk of prediabetes and DM. © 2019 Fundación Clínica Médica Sur, A.C.
Physical exercise and liver “fitness”: Role of mitochondrial function and epigenetics-related mechanisms in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Modern lifestyles, especially high-caloric intake and physical inactivity, contribute to the increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which becomes a significant health problem worldwide. Lifestyle changes, however, affect not only parental generation, but also their offspring, reinforcing the need for efficient preventive approaches to deal with this disease. This transgenerational influence of phenotypes dependent on parents (particularly maternal) behaviours may open additional research avenues. Despite persistent attempts to design an effective pharmacological therapy against NAFLD, physical activity, as a non-pharmacological approach, emerges as an exciting strategy. Scope of Review: Here we briefly review the effect of physical exercise on liver mitochondria adaptations in NAFLD, highlighting the importance of mitochondrial metabolism and transgenerational and epigenetic mechanisms in liver diseases. Major Conclusions: A deeper look into cellular mechanisms sheds a light on possible effects of physical activity in the prevention and treatment of NAFLD through modulation of function and structure of particular organelles, namely mitochondria. Additionally, despite of increasing evidence regarding the contribution of epigenetic mechanisms in the pathogenesis of different diseases, the role of microRNAs, DNA methylation, and histone modification in NAFLD pathogenesis still needs to be elucidated. © 2019 The Authors
A compendium of G-protein-coupled receptors and cyclic nucleotide regulation of adipose tissue metabolism and energy expenditure; With the ever-increasing burden of obesity and Type 2 diabetes, it is generally acknowledged that there remains a need for developing new therapeutics. One potential mechanism to combat obesity is to raise energy expenditure via increasing the amount of uncoupled respiration from the mitochondria-rich brown and beige adipocytes. With the recent appreciation of thermogenic adipocytes in humans, much effort is being made to elucidate the signaling pathways that regulate the browning of adipose tissue. In this review, we focus on the ligand-receptor signaling pathways that influence the cyclic nucleotides, cAMP and cGMP, in adipocytes. We chose to focus on G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR), guanylyl cyclase and phosphodiesterase regulation of adipocytes because they are the targets of a large proportion of all currently available therapeutics. Furthermore, there is a large overlap in their signaling pathways, as signaling events that raise cAMP or cGMP generally increase adipocyte lipolysis and cause changes that are commonly referred to as browning: Increasing mitochondrial biogenesis, uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) expression and respiration. © 2020 The Author(s).
The Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS); PCOS is the commonest endocrine abnormality in women of reproductive age. It represents the major cause of anovulatory infertility and is also associated with hirsutism and acne. The typical biochemical features are elevated serum levels of testosterone and luteinizing hormone (LH) along with metabolic disturbances including insulin resistance and abnormalities of energy expenditure. PCOS is now recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease in later life. At least in part, this reflects the strong associations between PCOS and obesity, with the latter being an amplifier of PCOS. The etiology of PCOS is unclear, and it seems to be a complex disease resulting from a complex interplay between genetic and environmental factors. Moreover, there is evidence for familial clustering of endocrine and metabolic features of PCOS. Environmental factors such as diet and obesity might similarly contribute to the phenotype. Due to its heterogeneous nature, there have been historical disagreements about the definitions and how to diagnose PCOS. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involve restoring fertility, treatment of metabolic complaints, treatment of androgen excess, and providing endometrial protection. The complexity of the disorder, and the impact on quality of life, requires timely diagnosis, screening for complications, and management strategies of the long-term health issues associated with PCOS. The syndrome remains underdiagnosed, and women experience significant delays to diagnosis. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
Antidiabetic activity (anti-hyperglycemic activity, anti-hyperlipidemic activity)/ agents from medicinal plants; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease caused by inherited or acquired deficiency in insulin secretion and by decreased insulin secretion by the organ. Insulin deficiency causes the DM. Synthetic drugs are widely used in the treatment of diabetes, but they have some side effects. The antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipedemic effects of the plants are related to their ability to maintain pancreatic function. Medicinal plants constituents such as glycosides, alkaloids, terpenoids, and flavonoids mitigate DM. B. ciliata inhibits the a-glucosidase and a-amylase. Cinnamon extracts improve insulin receptor function by activating insulin receptor kinase and inhibiting insulin receptor phosphatase, which lead to an increase in insulin sensitivity. Morinda lucida also had the highest antioxidant activity, and it also inhibited the a-glucosidase. Many plants have also been shown to antihyperlipedemic effects. Finally, it can be concluded that medicinal plants have that ability to treat or prevent DM. © 2020 by IGI Global.
Synthetic Chemicals and Cardiometabolic Health Across the Life Course Among Vulnerable Populations: a Review of the Literature from 2018 to 2019; Purpose of Review: Although vulnerable populations are disproportionately exposed to synthetic chemicals with endocrine disrupting properties, few recent reviews have summarized the impact of synthetic chemicals on cardiometabolic health among these groups. Recent Findings: Of 37 eligible epidemiological studies among vulnerable populations published between January 2018 and April 2019 in which over half were prospective, the most investigated populations were pregnant women and children. Racial/ethnic minorities, individuals of low socioeconomic status (SES), and those occupationally exposed were studied the least. The most studied persistent organic pollutants (POPs) were per-/poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and the most studied non-POPs were phenols. Across chemical classes, studies found certain POPs (e.g., PFAS) and non-POPs (i.e., phenols, phthalates, and parabens) to be associated with gestational diabetes and dysregulated glucose metabolism. Results for other cardiometabolic health outcomes were inconsistent but suggested certain chemicals may negatively affect cardiometabolic health. Summary: Synthetic chemicals likely adversely affect cardiometabolic health, but current findings were inconclusive. Few recent studies focused on racial/ethnic minorities, low SES, and occupationally exposed populations. To address poor cardiometabolic health and related disparities, more studies across vulnerable populations are warranted. © 2020, This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 enzyme inhibition by grape skin extracts affects membrane fluidity in human colon cancer cell lines; The polyphenolic compounds present in grape extracts have chemopreventive and anticancer properties. Here, we studied the ability of two grape skin extracts (GSEs), Autumn Royal and Egnatia, to influence the cell motility and membrane fluidity regulated by the enzyme Stearoyl- CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1) which increases with the cancer aggressiveness. Caco2 and SW480 human colon cancer cell lines were treated with increasing concentrations of GSEs to evaluate cell proliferation and motility. SCD1 levels were evaluated in both treated cell lines, by membrane lipidomic analysis conducted by gas chromatography. The expression levels of SCD1 and other factors involved in the reorganization of the cytoskeleton and focal adhesions were assessed by Real-time PCR, Western Blotting, and Immunofluorescence staining. High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analyses were performed to determine the phenolic composition in the GSEs, finding them more expressed in Autumn Royal than in Egnatia. Both treatments reduced the levels of SCD1, phospho-Rac1/Cdc42/Rac1/Cdc42 ratio, Cofilin, Vimentin, and phospho-Paxillin especially in Caco2 compared to SW480, showing a different behavior of the two cell lines to these natural compounds. Our findings show that GSEs block the cell migration and membrane fluidity through a new mechanism of action involving structural cellular components. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
MicroRNA miR-222 mediates pioglitazone beneficial effects on skeletal muscle of diet-induced obese mice; Pioglitazone belongs to the class of drugs thiazolidinediones (TZDs) and is an oral hypoglycemic drug, used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, which improves insulin sensitivity in target tissues. Adipose tissue is the main target of pioglitazone, a PPARg and PPARa agonist; however, studies also point to skeletal muscle as a target. Non-PPAR targets of TZDs have been described, thus we aimed to study the direct effects of pioglitazone on skeletal muscle and the possible role of microRNAs as targets of this drug. Pioglitazone treatment of obese mice increased insulin-mediated glucose transport as a result of increased fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial activity. PPARg blockage by treatment with GW9662 nullified pioglitazone's effect on systemic and muscle insulin sensitivity and citrate synthase activity of obese mice. After eight weeks of high-fat diet, miR-221–3p expression in soleus muscle was similar among the groups and miR-23b-3p and miR-222–3p were up-regulated in obese mice compared to the control group, and treatment with pioglitazone was able to reverse this condition. In vitro studies in C2C12 cells suggest that inhibition of miR-222–3p protects C2C12 cells from insulin resistance and increased non-mitochondrial respiration induced by palmitate. Together, these data demonstrate a role of pioglitazone in the downregulation of microRNAs that is not dependent on PPARg. Moreover, miR-222 may be a novel PPARg-independent mechanism through which pioglitazone improves insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Scope of Honey in Diabetes and Metabolic Disorders; Metabolic disorders occur when unusual chemical reactions take place in the body amend usual metabolic pathways. Diabetes mellitus a metabolic disorder is generally characterized by high glucose level in blood over longer period of time. In type 1 diabetes, pancreas fails to produce adequate insulin and the same effect is due to the loss of beta cells of pancreas. Type 2 diabetes begins with resistance to insulin and accordingly gives no response to insulin. Gestational diabetes mellitus is similar to type 2 diabetes in various aspects and is having combination of inadequate insulin and sensitivity to it. For many years, honey is being used as a substitute for sugar and for providing medicinal benefits. In animal as well as human studies, convincing evidence specifies that honey displays antidiabetic as well as hypoglycemic effects. Additionally, honey consumption improved other disorders related to metabolism and to diabetes such as reduced levels of HbA1c (glycosylated hemoglobin) and hepatic transaminases and increased HDL cholesterol. The same was in addition to lowering hyperglycemia and oxidative stress. Besides depicting hypoglycemic effect, research has indicated that honey improves lipid anomalies in rats and humans suffering from diabetes. The beneficial effects of honey could also be limiting other disorders of metabolism and lessening damaging effects on various organs of the body that ultimately result in diabetic complications. Although there are few studies in the literature which are contrary to the above-depicted discussions regarding the beneficial effects of honey and its use in diabetic disorder. Also the clinical trials or studies on humans (both diabetic and healthy) are rather very sparse. It is anticipated that this book chapter will encourage fundamental investigation intended at explicating the mode of actions by which oligosaccharides present in honey improves antidiabetic/hypoglycemic effects. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.
The roles of ADIPOQ rs266729 and MTNR1B rs10830963 polymorphisms in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis; Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the roles of adiponectin (ADIPOQ) rs266729 and melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) rs10830963 polymorphisms in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The databases including Web of science, PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Library were searched for case-control studies updating on Feb 15th, 2019. 12 studies were finally included containing 3759 GDM patients and 4422 controls. The associations between two polymorphic sites (rs266729 and rs10830963) and GDM susceptibility were analyzed according to the pooled odds ratios (OR) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Our pooled results indicated that ADIPOQ rs266729 can increase the GDM risk in Asian (dominant: GG+CG vs. CC, OR = 2.079, 95%CI: 1.012–4.270, P = 0.046) and European (allele: G vs. C, OR = 1.353, 95%CI: 1.001–1.829, P = 0.049 dominant: GG+CG vs. CC, OR = 1.522, 95%CI: 1.031–2.245, P = 0.034 heterozygote: CG vs. CC, OR = 1.517, 95%CI: 1.006–2.287, P = 0.047), but decrease in American population (allele: G vs. C, OR = 0.663, 95%CI: 0.501–0.878, P = 0.004 (dominant: GG+CG vs. CC, OR = 0.642, 95%CI: 0.456–0.903, P = 0.011 recessive: GG vs. CC+CG, OR = 0.496, 95%CI: 0.250–0.981, P = 0.044). The data demonstrated that the correlation between MTNR1B rs10830963 and GDM susceptibility is significant in Asian (allele: G vs. C, OR = 1.236, 95%CI: 1.109–1.378, P < 0.001 dominant: GG+CG vs. CC, OR = 1.285, 95%CI: 1.135–1.455, P < 0.001 recessive: GG vs. CC+CG, OR = 1.884, 95%CI: 1.307–2.716, P = 0.001 homozygote: GG vs. CC, OR = 1.514, 95%CI: 1.231–1.864, P < 0.001 heterozygote: CG vs. CC, OR = 1.198, 95%CI: 1.050–1.367, P = 0.007), and European (heterozygote: CG vs. CC, OR = 1.302, 95%CI: 1.011–1.677, P = 0.041). Conclusions: This Meta-analysis suggests that the variation of ADIPOQ rs266729 can increase the risk of GDM in Asian and European, while reduce in American population. Additionally, the association between MTNR1B rs10830963 and GDM susceptibility is significant in Asian, European and when using TaqMan assay. © 2019
Targeting the gut microbiota by Asian and Western dietary constituents: A new avenue for diabetes; Increasing numerous diabetes annually is a great concern in public health globally. Gut microbiota recently has been suggested to be an emerging organ acting as a critical regulator in diabetes. Notably, gut microbiota is closely affected through an individual s nutrient intake and dietary pattern. Moreover, the metabolites of diets through gut microbiota are closely associated with the development of diabetes. Increasing evidence has established the association of different dietary pattern with alterations of the gut microbiota profile, in particular, the Asian diet and Western diet are typically as essential components linked to the interactions between gut microbiota and induction of obesity which is a significant risk factor for diabetes. In addition, some bacteria-related therapeutic methods including probiotics, dietary short-chain fatty acids immunotherapy, and gut microbiome transfer would be applied in the clinical prevention and control diabetes. Taken together, based on current published observations, the gut microbiota may serve as regulator or targets by the Asian diet and Western diet, contributing to the prevention or induction of diabetes eventually. In general, in the upcoming future, one of the emerging strategies for the prevention and control of diabetes may modulate gut microbiota through precise dietary strategies. © 2020 Royal Society of Chemistry. All rights reserved.
Experts’ opinion on inositols in treating polycystic ovary syndrome and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: a further help for human reproduction and beyond; Introduction: This Experts’ opinion provides an updated scientific support to gynecologists, obstetricians, endocrinologists, nutritionists, neurologists and general practitioners on the use of Inositols in the therapy of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) and non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Areas covered: This paper summarizes the physiology of Myo-Inositol (MI) and D-Chiro-Inositol (DCI), two important molecules present in human organisms, and their therapeutic role, also for treating infertility. Some deep differences between the physiological functions of MI and DCI, as well as their safety and intestinal absorption are discussed. Updates include new evidence on the efficacy exerted in PCOS by the 40:1 MI/DCI ratio, and the innovative approach based on alpha-lactalbumin to overcome the decreased therapeutic efficacy of Inositols in some patients. Expert opinion: The evidence suggests that MI, alone or with DCI in the 40:1 ratio, offers a promising treatment for PCOS and NIDDM. However, additional studies need to evaluate some still unresolved issues, such as the best MI/DCI ratio for treating NIDDM, the potential cost-effectiveness of reduced gonadotropins administration in IVF due to MI treatment, or the benefit of MI supplementation in ovulation induction with clomiphene citrate in PCOS patients. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a multiple risk factor complex for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). These risk factors consist of atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, elevated plasma glucose, a prothrombotic state, and a pro-inflammatory state. The presence of the metabolic syndrome doubles the risk for ASCVD and causes a fivefold increase in the risk for type 2 diabetes. Multiple factors contribute to the syndrome. The most important is overnutrition combined with catabolic defects in individual risk parameters. The accumulation of ectopic lipid in target tissues appears to be a common denominator in risk factor development. Most individuals with metabolic syndrome exhibit insulin resistance, and most also manifest upper body obesity. Both these abnormalities are produced largely by overnutrition. Primary management of metabolic syndrome is caloric restriction combined with increased physical activity. If this approach does not eliminate affected risk factors, consideration must be given to the use of drug therapies to treat individual risk factors. © 2020, This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Olive in traditional Persian medicine: An overview; Traditional Persian medicine (TPM) is a holistic approach to medicine, and treatment of various diseases originates from humoral medicine. The base of TPM is prevention from illness. Therefore several remedies have been recommended for staying healthy. Olive is a highly used medicinal plant in TPM. In this setting, olive and olive-derived products were prescribed for the treatment of several diseases, including neurological disorders, oral cavity problems, gastrointestinal diseases, cardiovascular diseases, respiratory system disorders, skin diseases, urinary system disorders, obstetrics, and gynecology conditions. Many recent studies support the traditional medicinal use of olives. In this chapter, the authors try to describe the medicinal use of olives in TPM and to allude to evidence-based studies on this subject in conventional medicine. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of D-Chiro-Inositol on Glucose Metabolism in db/db Mice and the Associated Underlying Mechanisms; In this study, we observed the effect of D-chiro-inositol (DCI) on glucose consumption in type 2 diabetic db/db mice, and investigated the relevant mechanism. We discovered that the stability of 24-h blood glucose under the nonfasting condition and decreased glucose tolerance were both alleviated after treatment with DCI. Moreover, the content of glycosylated protein and advanced glycation end products in the serum was reduced, the damage in the liver tissue was alleviated, and the synthesis of liver glycogen was significantly promoted. In addition, DCI increased the expression of insulin receptor substrate 2 (IRS2), phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K), protein kinase B (AKT), glucose transporters 4 (GLUT4), and phospho-AKT (S473) protein. In contrast, DCI decreased the expression level of glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSK3β) protein in liver tissue to various degrees, as shown by immunohistochemistry and western blotting. Furthermore, DCI increased the mRNA expression of IRS2, PI3K, AKT, and GLUT4, and reduced that of GSK3β in liver tissue, as demonstrated by polymerase chain reaction. Finally, DCI promoted glucose consumption in high glucose-stimulating HepG2 cells and increased the expression of IRS2 protein in HepG2 cells, as revealed by fluorescence staining and flow cytometry. Our results indicate that DCI can significantly improve glucose metabolism in diabetic mice and HepG2 cells. This effect may be associated with the upregulation of IRS2, PI3K, AKT, and GLUT4 and downregulation of GSK3β. © Copyright © 2020 Fan, Liang, Wei, Gou, Han and Bai.
A Systematic Review of Medical Nutrition Therapy Guidelines for Liver Cirrhosis: Do We Agree?; Background: Nutrition can play a significant role in the management of liver cirrhosis and its complications. However, adherence to the clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) is essential for the practice of evidence-based medicine and is considered as a health-quality indicator. Methods: A systematic search was conducted in scientific databases, and retrieved CPGs fulfilling the inclusion criteria were independently reviewed and appraised from 3 experienced researchers, based on the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II instrument. Results: A total of 13 relevant CPGs were retrieved, published by 7 associations/societies, focusing on the nutrition management (enteral nutrition and/or parenteral nutrition) on cirrhosis, decompensated cirrhosis, liver transplantation, and cirrhosis-related complications. Most CPGs scored low in the stakeholder, rigor of development, and applicability domains. Half of the CPGs recognized the need for counseling patients with cirrhosis on nutrition-related issues. Small meals spread throughout the day, including a late-night snack, were suggested, with protein intake ranging between 1.2 and 1.5 g/kg of body weight. In ascites, Na restriction recommendation appeared unanimous. Conclusions: Several shortcomings and bias were recognized in cirrhosis-related medical nutrition therapy CPGs, indicating the need of improving CPG methodology. © 2019 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition
Global Health Complications of Obesity; Global Health Complications of Obesity presents a valuable resource for research scientists and clinicians by covering the burden of obesity and related diseases and serving as a starting point for in-depth discussions in academic settings and for obesity-treatment specialists. Obesity is associated with a statistically higher risk of heart disease, hypertension, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and many other diseases. This succinct resource focuses on the current data, research and management of obesity. It is essential reading for healthcare professionals, endocrinologists, nutritionists, public health students and medical students. © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal serum uric acid levels in pregnancy and fetal growth; Objective: Studies of maternal serum uric acid (UA) in pregnancy focus primarily on high levels of UA, however, both low and high UA levels can be markers of oxidative stress, a biological state potentially linked to fetal growth. We therefore aimed to test whether low and high maternal serum UA levels during pregnancy are associated with atypical fetal growth (unusually small or large) measured as birthweight (BW) for gestational age. Methods: The Pregnancy Outcomes and Community Health Study enrolled 3019 pregnant women between their 16th–27th week of pregnancy from 52 clinics in five Michigan communities (1998–2004). Maternal UA levels were measured in blood collected at enrollment among a subcohort of 1291 participants. Infant BW and gestational age were used to calculate gestational age-specific BW Z-score. Infants were grouped as small (SGA = BW < 10th percentile), appropriate (AGA = BW 10th–90th percentile), or large (LGA) = BW > 90th percentile) for their gestational age. Analyses considered multiple potential confounders. Linear spline or multiple linear regression models were applied to evaluate the relationship between maternal UA levels and BW Z-score overall and within SGA, AGA, and LGA groups. Model robustness was tested through bootstrap, sensitivity analysis, and cross-validation techniques. Results: The relation between maternal UA levels and BW Z-score varied by infant group. Among SGA infants, the relation was nonlinear (J-shape): both extremes of UA had lower BW Z-score with a breakpoint of 0.267 mmol/L UA (adjusted regression coefficient β = 2.32, p =.01 for lower UA; adjusted β = −37.38, p <.01 for higher UA). Among AGA infants, there was no significant association, and among LGA infants, the relation was linear (adjusted β = 2.86, p =.03). Conclusions: Future research on maternal UA levels in pregnancy may benefit from considering both very low and high levels, and identifying in utero conditions associated with the two extremes. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Perinatal lipid nutrition; Perinatal nutrition has long-term implications for neonates. Molecular and cellular pathways initiated during this period in which the fetal supply comes from the mother have the potential to generate lifelong phenotypic changes to infants. Dis-nutrition, either by a high caloric load or by deficiency of essential nutrients is associated with an increased risk of baby and adult-onset diseases. Essential fatty acid deficiency during early brain development has deleterious permanent effects later in life. Maternal obesity, as a disease, has direct negative influence on the fetal development. Beyond the existing differences between human and animals, the basic tissue, physiological and morphological placental developments are conserved between species. Therefore, animal models and a nutrigenetic approach in research are helpful when evaluating the impact of nutritional lipids and fatty acids on development, their epigenetic impact and their long-term influence on the offspring’s health and disease. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Vitamin D3 and calcium cosupplementation alleviates cadmium hepatotoxicity in the rat: Enhanced antioxidative and anti-inflammatory actions by remodeling cellular calcium pathways; Although vitamin D (VD) and calcium (Ca) attenuate cadmium (Cd) metabolism, their combined antioxidant and anti-inflammatory actions against Cd toxicity have not been previously explored. Hence, this study measured the protective effects of VD ± Ca supplements against Cd hepatotoxicity. Forty adult male rats were distributed to: negative controls (NCs), positive controls (PCs), VD, Ca, and VD3 and Ca (VDC) groups. All groups, except NC, received CdCl2 in drinking water (44 mg/L) for 4 weeks individually or concurrently with intramuscular VD3 (600 IU/kg; three times per week) and/or oral Ca (100 mg/kg; five times per week). The PC group showed abnormal hepatic biochemical parameters and increase in cellular cytochrome C, caspase-9, and caspase-3 alongside the apoptotic/necrotic cell numbers by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling technique. The PC hepatic tissue also had substantially elevated pro-oxidants (malondialdehyde [MDA]/H2O2/protein carbonyls) and inflammatory cytokines (interleukin 1β [IL-1β]/IL-6/IL17A/tumor necrosis factor-α), whereas the anti-inflammatory (IL-10/IL-22) and antioxidants (glutathione [GSH]/GPx/catalase enzyme [CAT]) markers declined. Hypovitaminosis D, low hepatic tissue Ca, aberrant hepatic expression of VD-metabolizing enzymes (Cyp2R1/Cyp27a1/cyp24a1), receptor and binding protein alongside Ca-membrane (CaV1.1/CaV3.1), and store-operated (RyR1/ITPR1) channels, and Ca-binding proteins (CAM/CAMKIIA/S100A1/S100B) were observed in the PC group. Both monotherapies decreased serum, but not tissue Cd levels, restored the targeted hepatic VD/Ca molecules' expression. However, these effects were more prominent in the VD group than the Ca group. The VDC group, contrariwise, disclosed the greatest alleviations on serum and tissue Cd, inflammatory and oxidative markers, the VD/Ca molecules and tissue integrity. In conclusion, this report is the first to reveal boosted protection for cosupplementing VD and Ca against Cd hepatotoxicity that could be due to enhanced antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, and modulation of the Ca pathways. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Proteomic and Degradomic Analysis of Body Fluids: Applications, Challenges and Considerations; Body fluids are rich sources for proteins originating from organs, tissues, and circulation. They are considered to reflect the state of those tissues and organs and to contain a vast pool of candidate biomarkers for a wide range of conditions. Thus, body fluids are regarded as highly attractive specimens for detecting disease disposition, to monitor markers of progression or to assess the efficacy of treatments. They provide several advantages for screening and clinical testing, such as low cost, minimum to low invasiveness and simple sample collection. However, body fluids are immensely complex mixtures, with most of them containing thousands of proteins and peptides. Therefore, sensitive and accurate high-throughput methods are required for deconvolution of body fluid proteome composition and differential protein abundances. Due to rapid developments in the field of mass spectrometry (MS), MS-based proteomics is deemed to be the most suitable methodology for systematic analysis of body fluid proteomes. In this chapter, we discuss different body fluids and their characteristics, advancements in MS and workflows suitable for body fluid analysis as well as sample preparation and applications in the field of body fluid proteomics and degradomics. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
Recent Advancements in the Development of Modern Probiotics for Restoring Human Gut Microbiome Dysbiosis; A healthy gut is predominantly occupied by bacteria which play a vital role in nutrition and health. Any change in normal gut homeostasis imposes gut dysbiosis. So far, efforts have been made to mitigate the gastrointestinal symptoms using modern day probiotics. The majority of the probiotics strains used currently belong to the genera Lactobacillus, Clostridium, Bifidobacterium and Streptococcus. Recent advancements in culturomics by implementing newer techniques coupled with the use of gnotobiotic animal models provide a subtle ground to develop novel host specific probiotics therapies. In this review article, the recent advances in the development of microbe-based therapies which can now be implemented to treat a wide spectrum of diseases have been discussed. However, these probiotics are not classified as drugs and there is a lack of stringent law enforcement to protect the end users against the pseudo-probiotic products. While modern probiotics hold strong promise for the future, more rigorous regulations are needed to develop genuine probiotic products and characterize novel probiotics using the latest research and technology. This article also highlights the possibility of reducing antibiotic usage by utilizing probiotics developed using the latest concepts of syn and ecobiotics. © 2019, Association of Microbiologists of India.
Malnutrition in obesity before and after bariatric surgery; Bariatric surgeries are considered the only effective way of weight loss therapy in morbidly obese patients, i.e. body mass index ≥ 35. However, micronutrient deficiencies and malnutrition are common after most bariatric procedures and thus, pre- and postoperative nutritional assessment and corrections are advised. The present review is presented in an effort to describe in some detail about prevalence, and mechanisms of macro- and micronutrient deficiencies in obese and post-bariatric surgery individuals. We also aimed to summarize the data on screening and supplementation of macro- and micronutrients before and after bariatric surgeries. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Effect of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammatory markers in health and disease status: A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials; The current systematic review and meta-analysis investigated the effect of probiotic/synbiotic on a wide range of inflammatory and anti-inflammatory markers in healthy and various disease conditions. PubMed, SCOPUS and Web of Science databases were searched. All clinical trials which investigated the effect of oral administration of probiotic or synbiotic on inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL) 1β, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) α, interferon (IFN) γ and transforming growth factor (TGF) β) for more than one week with concurrent control groups were included. One-hundred sixty seven publications was analysed. Results were as follows: CRP decreased in healthy, metabolic disorders, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), arthritis and critically ill condition but not in renal failure. IL-1B: no change in healthy subjects and arthritis. TNF-α: decreased in healthy, fatty liver, IBD and hepatic cirrhosis, no change in diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MS) + PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) and arthritis. IL-6: no change in healthy, metabolic disorders and arthritis, increased in cirrhosis and renal failure, decreased in PCOS + MS. IL-10: no change in healthy, IBD and metabolic disorders, increased in arthritis. IL-4, IL-8, IL-12, IFN-g and TGF-b: no change in healthy subjects. In conclusion, probiotic/synbiotic decreased some of the inflammatory markers. The intervention was most effective in CRP and TNF-α reduction in healthy or disease state. Moreover, the intervention decreased inflammation most effectively in the following disease conditions, respectively: IBD, arthritis, fatty liver. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42018088688. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Protective effects of evening primrose oil against cyclophosphamide‐induced biochemical, histopathological, and genotoxic alterations in mice; Cyclophosphamide (CP) is a well‐known antineoplastic agent; however, its clinical use can be associated with various organ toxicities. Evening primrose oil (EPO) contains several phytoconstituents with potent anti‐oxidant and anti‐inflammatory activities. This experimental study was performed to investigate the chemoprotective effects of EPO in the liver and pancreas of CP‐intoxicated mice. Thirty‐two albino mice were randomly divided into 4 equal groups: group I received saline (control mice), group II were treated with CP at 100 mg/kg/day for two subsequent days, and groups III and VI were treated with 5 and 10 mg/kg/day bw EPO, respectively for 14 days, followed by two doses of CP at the 15th and 16th days of the experiment. Then, mice were sacrificed and histopathological examinations, biochemical studies, and DNA laddering tests were conducted for hepatic and pancreatic tissues. Cyclophosphamide‐intoxicated mice showed significant increases (p < 0.05) in the serum levels of liver enzymes, pancreatic amylase and tissue levels of malondialdehyde, and TNF‐α, as well as a significant decrease (p < 0.05) in the serum insulin level. In addition, both hepatic and pancreatic tissues showed disturbed tissue architecture, hydropic degeneration, congested vessels, and inflammatory infiltrates, as well as increased DNA fragmentation. In a dose‐dependent manner, pretreatment with EPO was associated with significant improvements (p < 0.05) in all biochemical parameters and significant amelioration of histopathological alterations and DNA fragmentation in CP‐intoxicated mice. Pretreatment with EPO showed significant antioxidant, anti‐inflammatory, and genoprotective effects against the toxic effects of CP in mice hepatic and pancreatic tissues. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal circulating leptin profile during pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: To evaluate the difference in maternal circulating leptin profile between pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This is a nested case-control study embedded in the Born in Guangzhou Cohort Study in Guangzhou Women and Children's Medical Center, with 198 GDM cases and 192 controls included. Maternal plasma leptin profile was defined as leptin concentrations measured at early (baseline) and late pregnancy, as well as a ratio of concentration at late to that at early pregnancy (RL1L0). General linear regression was used to assess the associations between GDM and log-transformed leptin measurements. Results: Women with GDM had a higher baseline leptin concentration and lower RL1L0 compared to those without GDM. The log leptin concentration at baseline (β: 0.19, 95%CI: 0.04, 0.34) and the log RL1L0 (β: −0.22, 95%CI: −0.41, −0.03) were associated with GDM status. The RL1L0 decreased significantly along with the increase of 1-hour glucose and the difference between 1-hour and fasting glucose levels in both GDM and non-GDM women. Conclusions: Women with GDM had a certain profile of circulating leptin, with higher baseline concentration but less increase during pregnancy, suggesting an impaired compensatory response to increasing insulin resistance along with the progress of pregnancy. © 2020
Diabetes and insulin resistance; Diabetes can be classified into four categories, type 1 diabetes (T1D), type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes (GDM), and diabetes due to other causes. Insulin resistance is a physiological phenomenon that raises insulin levels and is primarily associated with T2D and GDM. T1D results from severe insulin deficiency and requires exogenous insulin therapy to manage the condition. In contrast, T2D and GDM are metabolic disorders characterized by hyperglycemia resulting from a combination of insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion. Prevention and management include lifestyle interventions with and without medications that achieve normal glucose levels and reduce the risk of complications. The molecular basis of insulin resistance, its role in health and disease, and the optimal diet composition for improving insulin sensitivity present continuing challenges to research scientists around the world. © 2020 International Life Sciences Institute (ILSI).
Height predict incident non-alcoholic fatty liver disease among general adult population in Tianjin, China, independent of body mass index, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, and metabolic syndrome; Background: Early-life hormonal and nutritional factors can greatly influence the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Adult height is a simple marker for these factors. This study aimed to investigate the association between adult height and NAFLD. Methods: We performed a prospective cohort study of 35,994 participants aged 25 years or over with measured height at baseline. NAFLD was diagnosed by abdominal ultrasound and self-reported history of alcohol intake. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression models were conducted to assess the gender-specific association between height and the risk of NAFLD. Results: During a follow-up period of 5.5 years, 6245 of 35,994 subjects developed NAFLD. The adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) of NAFLD for increasing quintiles of height were 1.00 (reference), 0.82 (0.73, 0.92), 0.84 (0.73, 0.97), 0.72 (0.61, 0.85) and 0.63 (0.50, 0.79) (P for trend < 0.0001) in males, and 1.00 (reference), 1.00 (reference), 0.80 (0.69, 0.91), 0.72 (0.61, 0.85), 0.60 (0.49, 0.74) and 0.45 (0.35, 0.59) (P for trend < 0.0001) in females, respectively. Conclusions: A higher adult height was associated with lower risk of NAFLD among males and females in Tianjin, China. © 2020 The Author(s).
Gestational Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes During Pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance that is first recognized in pregnancy. GDM is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for mothers and their offspring. The prevalence of GDM is rising, associated with changing environmental factors (e.g., increasing obesity, sedentary lifestyle, Western diet) and altered diagnostic criteria, and it continues to be associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Treatment of GDM includes intensive lifestyle management, followed by pharmacological intervention with insulin or selective oral antihyperglycemic agents if glycemic targets are not met. The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in pregnancy has also increased significantly in the past four decades, surpassing Type 1 diabetes (T1DM) in many countries. Despite advances in management, including insulin delivery systems and glucose monitoring, T2DM continues to result in a number of maternal and perinatal complications, resulting in poorer outcomes than women with T1DM. Exacerbating factors include less frequent uptake of preconception counseling and coexisting obesity. In this chapter, we review the changing epidemiology of GDM and T2DM in pregnancy, screening practices, and management. © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association between H. pylori infection and health Outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Objective Systematic reviews and meta-analyses have revealed the associations between H. pylori infection and various health outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the strength and breadth of evidence on the associations. Design Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Setting No settings. Participants No patients involved. Data sources Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library Databases, CNKI, VIP database and Wangfang database from inception to February 1, 2019. Outcomes measures Diverse diseases (such as cancer and ischaemic heart disease). Results Sixty articles reporting 88 unique outcomes met the eligible criteria. 74 unique outcomes had nominal significance (p<0.05). Of the outcomes with significance, 61 had harmful associations and 13 had beneficial associations. Furthermore, 73% (64) of the outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity. Of the these meta-analyses, 32 had moderate to high heterogeneity (I 2 =50%-75%) and 24 had high heterogeneity (I 2 >75%). Moreover, 20% exhibited publication bias (p<0.1). In addition, 97% of the methodological qualities were rated critically low'. 36% of the evidence qualities of outcomes were rated low', 56% of the evidence qualities were rated very low' and 8% of the evidence qualities were rated moderate'. H. pylori infection may be associated with an increased risk of five diseases and a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome. Conclusion Although 60 meta-analyses explored 88 unique outcomes, moderate quality evidence only existed for six outcomes with statistical significance. H. pylori infection may be associated with a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome and an increased risk of hypertriglyceridemia, chronic cholecystitis and cholelithiasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, gastric cancer and systemic sclerosis. Trial registration CRD42019124680. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020.
Liver Disease in Pregnancy: What's New; Liver disease in pregnancy may present as a disorder that is unique to pregnancy or as an acute or chronic liver disease occurring coincidentally in pregnancy. Hepatic diseases that are unique to pregnancy include hyperemesis gravidarum; preeclampsia/eclampsia; the syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets; intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Acute and chronic forms of primary hepatic disorders that are seen in pregnancy include viral hepatitis, autoimmune hepatitis, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and cirrhosis. Because of the need to consider both maternal and fetal health, there are special considerations for the implementation of diagnostic strategies and pharmacologic therapies for liver disease that occurs in pregnancy. An understanding of the pathogenesis and expression of liver diseases in pregnancy has been evolving, and various diagnostic and prognostic tools have been studied in order to determine noninvasive approaches to identifying and staging of such diseases. Investigations have also been underway to evaluate the safety and utility of existing and new therapeutic agents that previously were thought to not be compatible with pregnancy. This review will explore updates in the epidemiology, diagnosis, and management of various liver diseases seen in pregnancy. © 2020 The Authors. Hepatology Communications published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc., on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Nobiletin exerts anti-diabetic and anti-inflammatory effects in an in vitro human model and in vivo murine model of gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a global health issue, whereby pregnant women are afflicted with carbohydrate intolerance with first onset during pregnancy. GDM is characterized by maternal peripheral insulin resistance, thought to be driven by low-grade maternal inflammation. Nobiletin, a polymethoxylated flavonoid, possesses potent glucose-sensitizing and anti-inflammatory properties; however, its effects in GDM have not been assessed. The present study aimed to determine the effects of nobiletin on glucose metabolism and inflammation associated with GDM in both in vitro human tissues and an in vivo animal model of GDM. In vitro, treatment with nobiletin significantly improved TNF-impaired glucose uptake in human skeletal muscle, and suppressed mRNA expression and protein secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines in human placenta and visceral adipose tissue (VAT). Mechanistically, nobiletin significantly inhibited Akt and Erk activation in placenta, and NF-κB activation in VAT. In vivo, GDM mice treated with 50 mg/kg nobiletin daily via oral gavage from gestational day (gd) 1-17 or via i.p. injections from gd 10-17 significantly improved glucose tolerance. Pregnant GDM mice treated with nobiletin from either gd 1-17 or gd 10-17 exhibited significantly suppressed mRNA expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines in placenta, VAT and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT). Using a quantitative mass spectrometry approach, we identified differentially abundant proteins associated with the effect of nobiletin in vivo. Together, these studies demonstrate that nobiletin improves glucose metabolism and reduces inflammation associated with GDM and may be a novel therapeutic for the prevention of GDM. © 2020 The Author(s).
Structure-activity relationship between food components and metabolic syndrome; The various components of food proteins, such as fats, carbohydrates, dietary fiber, vitamins, minerals, and water are needed for the optimal performance of various organs of the body. Although each component of food has some particular function, all these components interact with each other so that their utilization and functions are optimal in such a way that health is maintained and recovery from diseases is quick and smooth. Each component of food seems to have an essential and specific role in the maintenance of immune response, and their deficiencies/imbalance may result in the development of metabolic syndrome, cancer, and other diseases. In this chapter, the role of various components of food in the pathobiology of metabolic syndrome is highlighted with particular attention to their role in the metabolism of essential fatty acids, an essential but often ignored component of food, and its impact on metabolic syndrome and cancer. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Adenosine kinase and cardiovascular fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a detrimental condition for human pregnancy associated with endothelial dysfunction and endothelial inflammation in the fetoplacental vasculature and leads to increased cardio-metabolic risk in the offspring. In the fetoplacental vasculature, GDM is associated with altered adenosine metabolism. Adenosine is an important vasoactive molecule and is an intermediary and final product of transmethylation reactions in the cell. Adenosine kinase is the major regulator of adenosine levels. Disruption of this enzyme is associated with alterations in methylation-dependent gene expression regulation mechanisms, which are associated with the fetal programming phenomenon. Here we propose that cellular and molecular alterations associated with GDM can dysregulate adenosine kinase leading to fetal programming in the fetoplacental vasculature. This can contribute to the cardio-metabolic long-term consequences observed in offspring after exposure to GDM. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
The role of GIP in α-cells and glucagon secretion; Glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) is an intestinally derived peptide that is secreted in response to feeding. The GIP receptor (GIPR) is expressed in many cell types involved in the regulation of metabolism, including α- and β-cells. Glucagon and insulin exert tremendous control over glucose metabolism. Thus, GIP action in islets strongly dictates metabolic control in the postprandial state. Loss of GIPR activity in β-cells is a characteristic of type 2 diabetes (T2D) which associates with reduced postprandial insulin secretion and hyperglycemia. Less is known about GIPR activity in α-cells or the control of glucagon secretion. GIP stimulates glucagon secretion in a glucose-dependent manner in healthy people, with enhanced activity at lower glycemia. However, GIP stimulates glucagon secretion even at hyperglycemia in people with T2D, suggesting that inappropriate GIPR activity in α-cells contributes to the pathogenesis of T2D. Here, we review the literature describing GIP action and GIPR activity in the α-cell, detailing the basic science that has shaped the view of how GIP regulates glucagon secretion. We also contrast the effects of GIP on glucagon secretion in healthy and T2D people. Finally, we contextualize these observations in light of recent work that redefines the role of glucagon in glucose homeostasis, suggesting that hyperglucagonemia per se does not drive hyperglycemia. As new medications for T2D that incorporate GIPR activity are being developed, it is clear that a better understanding of GIPR activity beyond the β-cell is necessary. This work highlights the importance of focusing on the GIPR in α-cells. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal obesity alters circRNA expression and the potential role of mmu_circRNA_0000660 via sponging miR_693 in offspring liver at weaning age; Background and Aims: Maternal obesity predispose offspring to metabolic disorders and obesity, but the mechanisms are not fully understood, especially during early life. Circular RNA (circRNA) can regulate the expression of target genes through the regulatory pathways of competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA). We hypothesized that the offspring of obese dams exhibit impaired metabolic health through the dysregulated expression of hepatic circRNA. Methods and Results: A high-fat diet (HFD) or standard chow diet (CD) were randomized to dams for 12 weeks before mating. Specific diets continued for each dam throughout pregnancy and lactation. Then, lipid metabolic parameters were assessed in dams and female offspring. We performed liver RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) for the offspring of HFD- and CD-dams to comprehensively identify differentially expressed (DE) circRNA and messenger RNA (mRNA). Further, ceRNA networks combining DE circRNA, mRNA, and microRNA were predicted based on MiRanda and TargetScan databases combined with the lipid metabolism-related pathway. As a result, the circRNA_0000660-miR_693-Igfbp1 regulatory pathway was selected from liver and AML12 cell line. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, dual luciferase reporter gene system, and Small interfering RNA for circRNA_0000660 transfection experiment were applied to validate. Conclusions: Our work investigated new mechanisms of the effect of maternal obesity on offspring's lipid metabolism. Several novel targets were uncovered to reverse the effect. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Obesity, Metabolic Syndrome and Disorders of Energy Balance; Energy balance is complex and regulated by neuroendocrine homeostatic mechanisms (primarily the leptin melanocortin pathway) and non-homeostatic mechanisms (such as hedonic reward pathways). The central nervous system plays a key role in controlling both energy intake and expenditure in response to peripheral cues of energy status. Imbalances in energy intake relative to expenditure can occur because of multiple etiologies (including biologic, behavioral, and environmental factors) and ultimately lead to obesity or underweight, both of which result in further derangements of endocrine function. Childhood obesity has become a serious global health problem, and pediatric endocrinologists are receiving increasing numbers of referrals for the management of obesity and related endocrine disorders, such as type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome. A classic endocrinopathy (glucocorticoid excess or deficiencies in thyroid or growth hormone), genetic obesity syndrome (e.g., Prader-Willi syndrome, ciliopathy, or monogenic leptin melanocortin pathway mutation), or hypothalamic lesion is important to rule out but is not generally found to be the cause of abnormal weight gain. However, recognizing obesity as a universal form of perhaps a more subtle chronic endocrine dysfunction that includes deficits in leptin melanocortin signaling and resistance to insulin action is critical for addressing obesity as a pathologic condition that will often require lifelong treatment. Conversely, cachexia can also be viewed as a condition driven by neuroendocrine dysfunction. Thus understanding energy balance and the disorders that impair its regulation are vital for identifying targeted approaches for the prevention and treatment of both obesity and underweight. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Flavonoids and type 2 diabetes: Evidence of efficacy in clinical and animal studies and delivery strategies to enhance their therapeutic efficacy; Diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM) is a metabolic disorder develops due to the overproduction of free radicals where oxidative stress could contribute it. Possible factors are defective insulin signals, glucose oxidation, and degradation of glycated proteins as well as alteration in glutathione metabolism which induced hyperglycemia. Previous studies revealed a link between T2DM with oxidative stress, inflammation and insulin resistance which are assumed to be regulated by numerous cellular networks such as NF-κB, PI3K/Akt, MAPK, GSK3 and PPARγ. Flavonoids are ubiquitously present in the nature and classified according to their chemical structures for example, flavonols, flavones, flavan-3-ols, anthocyanidins, flavanones, and isoflavones. Flavonoids indicate poor bioavailability which could be improved by employing various nano-delivery systems against the occurrences of T2DM. These bioactive compounds exert versatile anti-diabetic activities via modulating targeted cellular signaling networks, thereby, improving glucose metabolism, α -glycosidase, and glucose transport or aldose reductase by carbohydrate metabolic pathway in pancreatic β-cells, hepatocytes, adipocytes and skeletal myofibres. Moreover, anti-diabetic properties of flavonoids also encounter diabetic related complications. This review article has designed to shed light on the anti-diabetic potential of flavonoids, contribution of oxidative stress, evidence of efficacy in clinical, cellular and animal studies and nano-delivery approaches to enhance their therapeutic efficacy. This article might give some new insights for therapeutic intervention against T2DM in near future. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
The Response of the Gut Microbiota to Dietary Changes in the First Two Years of Life; The infant gut microbiota undergoes significant changes in the first two years of life in response to changes in the diet. The discontinuation of the milk-based diet of the first year and the introduction of solid foods in the second year of life results in a decline in bifidobacterium, a shift from infant strains of bifidobacterium to adult strains which preferentially metabolize oligosaccharides derived from plants rather than from milk, a surge in short chain fatty acids such as acetic, propionic and butyric acid from newly acquired commensal clostridium, and the transformation of primary bile acids into secondary bile acids by a limited number of newly acquired and highly specialized Clostridium spp. By 3 years of age, diet and gut microbiota closely resemble those of adults. Gut bacteria required for the production of SCFAs and secondary BAs are potential targets for the intervention of microbiome-related diseases. © Copyright © 2020 Li, Faden and Zhu.
Insulin resistance, beta-cell function, adipokine profiles and cardiometabolic risk factors among Chinese youth with isolated impaired fasting glucose versus impaired glucose tolerance: The BCAMS study; Objective Impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) may convey disparate risks of metabolic consequences. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), while an expedient screening procedure, may not adequately assess metabolic risk, particularly among youths. In order to inform a strategy for screening Chinese youth for pre-diabetes, we examined the relative value of IFG versus IGT to define metabolic risk by assessing their association with insulin resistance, beta-cell dysfunction, adverse adipokine profiles and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Research design and methods We recruited 542 subjects (age 14-28 years) from the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome study for an in-depth assessment of cardiometabolic risk factors, including a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test, liver ultrasound and serum levels of four adipokines. Results FPG failed to identify nearly all (32/33) youths with IGT, whereas 2-hour plasma glucose (2 h PG) missed 80.8% (21/26) of subjects with IFG. Impaired beta-cell function was evident from decreased oral disposition indices in those with isolated impaired fasting glucose (iIFG) or isolated impaired glucose tolerance (iIGT) versus normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (all p<0.001), whereas reduced insulin sensitivity (Matsuda) index was most pronounced in the iIGT group (p<0.01). Moreover, alterations in adipokine levels (fibroblast growth factor 21, adiponectin and leptin/adiponectin ratio) were associated with iIGT (p<0.05) but not iIFG. Youths with iIGT had a 2-fold to 32-fold increased incidence of hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension and metabolic syndrome (MetS) compared with those with NGT. In addition, subgroup analyses of participants with normal FPG revealed that the odds of having IGT increased 3-fold to 18-fold among those with elevated TGs, hypertension, moderate-to-severe non-alcoholic fatty liver disease or MetS. Conclusions Chinese youth with iIGT exhibit a higher cardiometabolic risk profile than those with iIFG. Thus, 2 h PG is preferred over FPG to identify the pre-diabetes phenotype at greatest risk of subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. Trial registration number NCT03421444. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Effect of different diet and exercise strategies on patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; The incidence rate of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)keeps increasing year by year, making NAFLD one of the most common liver diseases in the world. Reasonable diet and exercise are currently recognized as the most crucial step in the treatment of NAFLD and are the cornerstone of the management of NAFLD patients. However, diet and exercise regimens vary across countries, regions, and societies due to various objective reasons. This article reviews the diet and exercise regimens for NAFLD patients reported in different countries, regions, and literatures in recent years, in order to provide a basis for clinicians to guide NAFLD patients to develop reasonable diet and exercise strategies. © 2020 Editorial Board of Jilin University. All rights reserved.
MiR-130b is a potent stimulator of hepatic very-low-density lipoprotein assembly and secretion via marked induction of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein; miR-130b is a microRNA whose expression is particularly elevated within adipose tissue and in the circulation in diabetic states. Hepatic miR-130b expression has been linked to hepatocellular carcinoma and changes in lipid metabolism. Here, we investigated the role of miR-130b in hepatic lipid homeostasis and lipoprotein export. We observed that overexpression of miR-130b-3p or -5p in HepG2 cells markedly enhanced the secretion of very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles, enhanced the secretion of [3H]glycerol metabolically labeled triglyceride (TG), and significantly increased the number or the average size of lipid droplets (LDs), respectively. Overexpression of miR-130b also altered the expression of key genes involved in lipid metabolism and in particular markedly increased both mRNA and protein expression levels of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP). Conversely, the miR-130b inhibitor decreased mRNA levels of MTP and fatty acid synthase (FAS) in HepG2 cells. However, dual-luciferase reporter assays indicated that MTP is not a direct target of miR-130b-3p. miR-130b overexpression did not alter de novo synthesized TG or the stability and secretion of apolipoprotein B 100. Interestingly, knockdown of phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) blocked the upregulation of MTP mRNA induced by miR-130b. Finally, miR-130b-induced stimulation of VLDL secretion was also observed in a second hepatocyte cell culture model, immortalized human hepatocytes, confirming the effects observed in HepG2 cells. Overall, these data suggest a potential role for miR-130b in promoting hepatic VLDL assembly and secretion mediated by marked stimulation of MTP expression and TG mobilization. Thus miR-130b overexpression corrects the defect in VLDL production in HepG2 cells. © 2020 the American Physiological Society
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in CDKAL1 gene are not associated with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a group of Egyptian population; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a growing public health problem based on many causes, and its etiology still unclear. Genome-wide association (GWA) studies have revealed new single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that are associated with T2DM.? To evaluate the association between genetic polymorphisms of?CDKAL1?(rs7756992 and rs7754840) and the susceptibility to T2DM in a group of Egyptian patients. This case-control study included 75 patients with T2DM and 75 matched unrelated healthy controls. Genotyping was performed by using Real Time-PCR detected by Taqman probes. The frequency of genotypes, alleles, anthropometric measures, glycemic indices, HOMA-IR, and lipid profile was evaluated in patients and control. The odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence interval (95% CI) were calculated by logistical regression to determine the associations between genotypes and T2DM.?Regarding rs7756992, the frequency of AA, AG, and GG genotypes was?45.3%, 41.3%, and 13.3% respectively in diabetic patients and 57.3%, 37.3%, and 5.3% respectively in healthy control (P = 0.151). Also, the frequency of A and G allele was not significantly different between patients and control (OR = 1.631, 95% CI = 0.985-2.702, P = 0.056). Similarly, genotypes CC, CG, and GG frequency and C and G alleles of rs7754840 were not significantly different between the two studied groups (P = 0.179 and 0.187) respectively. CDKAL1 (rs7756992 and rs7754840) were not associated with susceptibility to T2DM in the studied population. Moreover, there was no association between any of CDKAL1 genotypes with HOMA-IR or HbA1C in patients with diabetes. © 2020 Oriental Scientific Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Metabolic Disorders and Shen in Integrative Cardiovascular Chinese Medicine: Volume 7; Metabolic Disorders and Shen in Integrative Cardiovascular Medicine, volume seven in the Integrative Cardiovascular Chinese Medicine series, presents the connection between metabolic diseases that affect the cardiovascular system and mental health through both Chinese and Western medicine explanations. Sections discuss the etiology of metabolic disorders of blood sugar disorders, lipid disorders, inflammatory disorders and shen, the clinical significance and differentiations in both Western and Chinese medicine, and prescriptions and the medicated diet, including main acupoints, remedies and medicines used in Western and Chinese medicine and the combination of medicinal herbs and food for Chinese diet therapy. This important reference will aid cardiovascular researchers in the study of integrative Chinese and Western medicine with its clear, structured base that not only guides clinical practice, but also encourages collaboration between Chinese and Western medicine practitioners. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Mineral oil: Safety and use as placebo in REDUCE-IT and other clinical studies; Mineral oil is often used as a clinical trial placebo. Pharmaceutical-grade mineral oil consists of a mixture of saturated hydrocarbons, with a purity and chemical structure that differs substantially from food-grade or technical-/industrial-grade mineral oils. Interest in mineral oil was piqued by suggestions that a portion of the substantially positive results of the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) might be attributable to the theoretical negative effects of mineral oil rather than being due to the clinical benefits of icosapent ethyl. The objective of this review was to explore possible mineral oil safety and efficacy effects and contextualize these findings in light of the REDUCE-IT conclusions. A literature search identified studies employing mineral oil placebos. Eighty studies were identified and relevant data extracted. Adverse events associated with mineral oil were generally gastrointestinal and consistent with use as a lubricant laxative. Changes in triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and other biomarkers were inconsistent and generally not statistically significant, or clinically meaningful with mineral oil, as were changes in blood pressure. There was no consistent evidence that mineral oil in the amounts used in the REDUCE-IT or Effect of Vascepa on Progression of Coronary Atherosclerosis in Patients With Elevated Triglycerides on Statin Therapy (EVAPORATE) trials affects absorption of essential nutrients or drugs, including statins. These results were then considered alongside publicly available data from REDUCE-IT. Based on available evidence, mineral oil does not appear to impact medication absorption or efficacy, or related clinical outcomes, and, therefore, does not meaningfully affect study conclusions when used as a placebo at the quantities used in clinical trials. © The Author(s) 2020.
Distinct developmental trajectories of body mass index and diabetes risk: A 5-year longitudinal study of Chinese adults; Aims/Introduction: This longitudinal study aimed to explore whether distinct developmental trajectories of body mass index (BMI) would be predictive of diabetes risk in general Chinese adults. Materials and Methods: A total of 4,519 participants aged >18 years who were free of diabetes in 2011 (baseline of the current analysis) were enrolled in this study. All participants completed a medical examination every year during 2011–2016, and BMI levels were measured two to six (average 5.6) times. Group-based trajectory modeling was applied to identify BMI trajectories over time. New-onset diabetes was confirmed in 2016. Results: During 2011–2016, four distinct BMI trajectories were identified according to BMI range and changing pattern over time: “low” (19.6%), “moderate” (33.4%), “moderate-high” (33.4%) and “high” (13.6%). A total of 168 (3.7%) new-onset diabetes cases were confirmed in 2016. Compared with the “low” BMI trajectory, participants in the “high” BMI trajectory were at significantly higher risk for new-onset diabetes (adjusted relative risk 3.24, 95% confidence interval 1.27–8.24). Notably, BMI trajectories based on the first four or three annual BMI tests yielded similar results. By contrast, no significant correlation was found between categories of baseline BMI and new-onset diabetes in 2016 after multivariate adjustment. Conclusions: The present results show that distinct BMI trajectories, even identified using just four or three annual BMI tests, are significantly associated with new-onset diabetes. Monitoring BMI trajectories over time might provide an important approach to identify subpopulations at higher risk for developing diabetes. © 2019 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Study of the relationship between vitamin d deficiency, sunlight incidence and skeletal/extra skeletal diseases; It is estimated that more than 1 billion people worldwide have vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency. Vitamin D participates in bone mineralization, and is therefore important in osteoporosis, osteomalacia and rickets prevention. However, vitamin D deficiency could also be associated with several other pathologies. The present study aimed to investigate the relationships between vitamin D deficiency and vitamin D deficiency-related disorders in patients. In addition, this study aims to verify if countries with low solar incidence have higher extraskeletal disease death rates when compared to countries with high solar incidence. The vitamin D concentrations were obtained from the Heart Hospital database (Natal/Brazil). The relationship between solar incidence and death rate for vitamin D deficiency-related disorders was verified. Death rate data were extracted from the ‘World Life Expectancy’ repository and data about solar incidence were obtained from NASA’s Surface Meteorology and Solar Energy project. These data were statistically processed with IBM SPSS v23.0 software and R programming language. Our results showed that patients with vitamin D insufficiency/deficiency showed significantly more bone diseases, thyroid diseases, hypercholesterolemy, hypertriglyceridemia, cancers, diabetes, hepatobiliary diseases, and urinary system diseases. Moreover, countries with high solar incidence have low cancer and multiple sclerosis death rates. This work suggests the participation of vitamin D and sunlight incidence in several diseases. © 2020, Eduem - Editora da Universidade Estadual de Maringa. All rights reserved.
Whole-Wheat Bread for Human Health; This book examines the effect of whole-wheat bread on health, with evidence linking the consumption of whole-wheat products to a decrease in the relative risk of non-communicable diseases in comparison with products baked from refined flour. The authors focus on key areas such as milling and refining procedures, bakery products, and assessment of the present consumption of wheat products. They offer a detailed description of all available ingredients of wheat-kernel, with particular attention paid to the health benefits of wheat-kernel antioxidants and dietary fiber ingredients. Vitamins, glutathione, choline and betaine, carotenoids, sterols and stanols are covered, and the book concludes with a general overview of the effect of whole-wheat bread on colon activity and immune capacity. Methods of improving bread nutritional quality, and the potential for the upgrading of the nutritional qualities of whole-bread, are also discussed. Consumption of whole-wheat in Western societies, however, has either not increased or increased very slightly. The authors intend for this book to highlight the health benefits of whole-wheat bread and the factors that contribute to these benefits. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020. All rights are reserved.
Correlation between spexin gene mutation and Iraqi children obesity; Obesity is a real health problems all over the world and many causes may lead to it, such as genetic, nutrition, feeding behavior, metabolism, physical activity, medication or others. This research focused on the Genetic side of Iraqi children obesity by determination the role of spexin gene mutations and its hormone expression serum's level in obese children.Blood samples of 40 Healthy children volunteers aged between 6-12 years had been taken, 20 normal weight (control group) which their BMI ranged (21.34-20.41)kg /m2 and 20 obese group with BMI ranged between (24.22_22.04) kg/m2, and have a positive family history of obesity treated in the national center of obesity in Mosul. These samples were divided into two parts, whole blood and serum, whole blood had been used to extract the DNA and other analysis, while the serum used to estimate spexin hormone level. Theoretically spexin gene sequences from National Center for Biotechnology Information NCBI had been divided into four parts, then specific primers for each part had been designed, and used to amplified every parts, then10 sample of each obese and normal group had been randomly selected and submitted to sequencing protocol by utilizing (DNA sequencer 3730XL). Circulating serum's Spexin level was significantly decreased in obese children (1119.4)pg/ml compared with the normal weight group (4410.64) pg/ ml Transition and transvertion mutations 70% were observed in the spexin gene sequences DNA of obesity group,while no mutation were recorded in the control most of the spexin gene recorded mutation of the obese children observed in the 5 untranslated region 5UTR and 3untranslated region 3UTR.While in the normal weight children no change recorded in the spexin gene sequences compared with the NCBI sequences of this gene. six transition and three transversion mutations found in the 5UTR in addition to one transversion mutation in the 3UTR. These results confirmed that these mutation in spexin gene may affected spexin hormone expression making its serum's level very low in the obese children compared with its level in control's serum which had been one of many causes of Iraqi children's obesity. © 2019 by Advance Scientific Research.
Sialic acids and sialoglycoconjugates in the biology of life, health and disease; Sialic Acids and Sialoglycoconjugates in the Biology of Life, Health and Disease enables the reader to understand the role of sialylation as a post translational modification. The book provides insights on the latest knowledge in the field of sialoglycobiology. Sialic acids as terminal residues of oligosaccharide chains play crucial roles in several cellular recognition events. Synthesized post translationally, they play an important role in recognition, signaling, immunological response and cell-cell interaction. Improper sialylations have been associated with several diseases including cancer. In the post genomics and proteomics era, sialoglybiology has become more and more important in deciphering health and disease conditionsl. © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic Potency, Antioxidant Effects, and Mode of Actions of Citrus reticulata Fruit Peel Hydroethanolic Extract, Hesperidin, and Quercetin in Nicotinamide/Streptozotocin-Induced Wistar Diabetic Rats; This study is aimed at assessing the antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic, and antioxidant effects of Citrus reticulata (C. reticulata) fruit peel hydroethanolic extract and two flavonoids, hesperidin and quercetin, in nicotinamide (NA)/streptozotocin- (STZ-) induced type 2 diabetic rats. In addition, GC-MS and HPLC-MS analyses of the extract were performed and the results indicated the presence of multiple flavonoids including hesperidin, quercetin, naringin, and polymethoxylated flavones (nobiletin and tangeretin). To achieve the aim of the study, diabetic rats with NA/STZ-induced T2DM were orally treated with C. reticulata fruit peel hydroethanolic extract, hesperidin, and quercetin at a dose of 100 mg/kg b.w./day for four weeks. The treatments with C. reticulata fruit peel extract, hesperidin, and quercetin significantly ameliorated the impaired oral glucose tolerance; the elevated serum fructosamine level; the diminished serum insulin and C-peptide levels; the altered HOMA-IR, HOMA-IS, and HOMA-β cell function; the decreased liver glycogen content; the increased liver glucose-6-phosphatase and glycogen phosphorylase activities; the deleteriously affected serum lipid profile; the elevated serum AST and ALT activities; and the raised serum creatinine and urea levels in the diabetic rats. The treatments also produced remarkable improvement in the antioxidant defense system manifested by a decrease in the elevated liver lipid peroxidation and an increase in the lowered glutathione content and GPx, GST, and SOD activities. Furthermore, the three treatments enhanced the mRNA expression of GLUT-4 and the insulin receptor β-subunit, but only quercetin produced a significant increase in the expression of adiponectin in adipose tissue of diabetic rats. In conclusion, C. reticulata fruit peel hydroethanolic extract, hesperidin, and quercetin have potent antidiabetic effects which may be mediated through their insulinotropic effects and insulin-sensitizing actions. In addition, the alleviation of the antioxidant defense system by the extract, hesperidin, and naringin may have an important action to enhance the antidiabetic actions and to improve liver and kidney functions in NA/STZ-induced diabetic rats.  © 2020 Alaa M. Ali et al.
Decreased Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin Indicated Worse Biometric, Lipid, Liver, and Renal Function Parameters in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Objective. To investigate the relationships between sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and comprehensive metabolic parameters including biometric, glycemic, lipid, liver, and renal functions of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Study Design and Methods. A total of 1000 women diagnosed as PCOS by modified Rotterdam criteria were enrolled in a randomized controlled trial. SHBG and comprehensive metabolic parameters were measured at the baseline visit. Metabolic parameters included biometric parameters, glucose and lipid panels, and liver and renal function parameters. An independent t-test and linear regression were performed to investigate the associations between SHBG and metabolic parameters. Logistic regression was used to detect the relationship between SHBG and the presence of metabolic syndrome. Results. In comparative analyses, PCOS women with lower SHBG levels had higher body mass index, waist circumference, insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B (APOB), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), aspartate transferase (AST), alanine transferase (ALT), and blood urea nitrogen (BUN), but lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1). In linear regression, SHBG was inversely associated with waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, LDL, APOB, ALT, AST, and BUN but positively associated with HDL and APOA1 after adjusting the BMI. In logistic regression, SHBG is a protective predictor for metabolic syndrome (odds ratio = 0.96; 95% confidence interval: 0.95-0.97). The area under the receiver-operator characteristic curve is 0.732 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.695-0.770. SHBG <26.75 mmol/L is the cutoff point with the best Youden index, which has a sensitivity of 0.656 and specificity of 0.698. Conclusions. Lower SHBG was associated with worsening biometric, lipid, liver, and renal functions but not glycemic parameters among women with PCOS. SHBG can be used as a tool to screen metabolic syndrome. This trial is registered with NCT01573858 and ChiCTR-TRC-12002081. © 2020 Xi Luo et al.
Collateral Damage: Maternal Obesity During Pregnancy Continues to Rise; Importance The pandemic of obesity during pregnancy now afflicts 1 out of every 2 pregnant women in the United States. Even though unintended pregnancy has decreased to 45% of all pregnancies, 50% of those unintended pregnancies occur in obese women. Objective This study aims to identify why current lifestyle interventions for obese pregnancy are not effective and what the newer complications are for obesity during pregnancy. Evidence Acquisition Available literatures on current treatments for maternal obesity were reviewed for effectiveness. Emerging maternal and infant complications from obesity during pregnancy were examined for significance. Results Limitations in successful interventions fell into 3 basic categories to include the following: (1) preconception weight loss; (2) bariatric surgery before pregnancy; and (3) prevention of excessive gestational weight gain during pregnancy. Emerging significant physiological changes from maternal obesity is composed of inflammation (placenta and human milk), metabolism (hormones, microbiome, fatty acids), and offspring outcomes (body composition, congenital malformations, chronic kidney disease, asthma, neurodevelopment, and behavior). Conclusions and Relevance Are current prepregnancy lifestyle and behavioral interventions feasible to prevent maternal obesity complications? Epigenetic and metabolomic research will be critical to determine what is needed to blunt the effects of maternal obesity and to discover successful treatment. Target Audience Obstetricians, gynecologists, family physicians, midwives, nurse practitioners, and dietitians Learning Objectives After participating in this activity, the learner should be better able to identify lifestyle interventions used to prevent complications from an obese pregnancy; describe emerging maternal obesity complications; classify the severity of maternal obesity in the United States; and explain barriers to lifestyle intervention success in obese pregnancy. © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Visfatin and rheumatoid arthritis: Pathogenetic implications and clinical utility; Objective: Analysis and generalization of data related to visfatin involvement in the pathogenesis of inflammation at various stages of rheumatoid arthritis. Data Synthesis: Visfatin is an adipocytokine which has also been identified in non-adipose tissues. It influences directly on the maturation of B cells, which are involved in autoantibody production and T cell activation. Visfatin can promote inflammation via regulation of pro-inflammatory cyto-kines including TNF, IL-1β and IL-6. The concentration of circulating visfatin in rheumatoid arthritis patients is higher compared to healthy individuals. Several studies suggest that visfatin level is associated with rheumatoid arthritis activity, and its elevation may precede clinical signs of the re-lapse. In murine collagen-induced arthritis, visfatin levels were also found to be elevated both in inflamed synovial cells and in joint vasculature. Visfatin blockers have been shown to confer fast and long-term attenuation of pathological processes; however, most of their effects are transient. Other factors responsible for hyperactivation of the immune system can participate in this process at a later stage. Treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with a combination of these blockers and inhibi-tors of other mediators of inflammation can potentially improve treatment outcomes compared to current therapeutic strategies. Recent advances in the treatment of experimental arthritis in mice as well as the application of emerging treatment strategies obtained from oncology for rheumatoid arthritis management could be a source of novel adipokine-mediated anti-rheumatic drugs. Conclusion: The ongoing surge of interest in anticytokine therapy makes further study of visfatin highly relevant as it may serve as a base for innovational RA treatment. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Galanin peptide family regulation of glucose metabolism; Recent preclinical and clinical studies have indicated that the galanin peptide family may regulate glucose metabolism and alleviate insulin resistance, which diminishes the probability of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The galanin was discovered in 1983 as a gut-derived peptide hormone. Subsequently, galanin peptide family was found to exert a series of metabolic effects, including the regulation of gut motility, body weight and glucose metabolism. The galanin peptide family in modulating glucose metabolism received recently increasing recognition because pharmacological activiation of galanin signaling might be of therapeutic value to improve insuin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. To date, however, few papers have summarized the role of the galanin peptide family in modulating glucose metabolism and insulin resistance. In this review we summarize the metabolic effect of galanin peptide family and highlight its glucoregulatory action and discuss the pharmacological value of galanin pathway activiation for the treatment of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Nutritional models of type 2 diabetes mellitus; In order to better understand the events that precede and precipitate the onset of type 2 diabetes (T2DM), several nutritional animal models have been developed. These models are generated by manipulating the diet of either the animal itself, or its mother during her pregnancy, and in comparison to traditional genetic and knock out models, have the advantage that they more accurately reflect the etiology of human T2DM. This chapter will discuss some of the most widely used nutritional models of T2DM: Diet-induced obesity (DIO) in adult rodents, and studies of offspring of mothers fed a low-protein, high-fat and/or high-sugar diet during pregnancy and/or lactation. Several common mechanisms have been identified through which these nutritional manipulations can lead to metabolic disease, including pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction, impaired insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, and the excess accumulation of visceral adipose tissue and consequent deposition of nonesterified fatty acids in peripheral tissues. In addition, there is an emerging concept that obesity/poor quality diets result in increased production and release of pro-inflammatory cytokines from adipose tissue leading to a state of chronic low-grade inflammation, and that this is likely to represent an important link between obesity/diet and metabolic dysfunction. The following chapter will discuss the most common nutritional models of T2DM in experimental animals, their application, and relationship to human etiology, and will highlight the important insights these models have provided into the pathogenesis of T2DM. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2020.
Health benefits and molecular mechanisms of resveratrol: A narrative review; Resveratrol is a bioactive compound in many foods. Since its anticancer activity was reported in 1997, its health benefits have been intensively investigated. Resveratrol has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory, glucose and lipid regulatory, neuroprotective, and cardiovascular protective effects, therefore, can protect against diverse chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), cancer, liver diseases, obesity, diabetes, Alzheimer’s disease, and Parkinson’s disease. This review summarizes the main findings of resveratrol-related health benefits in recent epidemiological surveys, experimental studies, and clinical trials, highlighting its related molecular mechanisms. Resveratrol, therefore, has been regarded as a potent candidate for the development of nutraceuticals and pharmaceuticals to prevent and treat certain chronic diseases. © 2020 by the authors.
The role of adiponectin in maintaining metabolic homeostasis; Background: Adiponectin is an adipocyte-derived cytokine closely associated with obesity, altered body adipose tissue distribution, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular diseases. Introduction: Evidence from animal and human studies demonstrate that adiponectin plays an important role in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. Adiponectin increases insulin sensitivity and improves systemic lipid metabolism. Although research efforts on adiponectin mostly aim towards its endocrine functions, this adipocyte-derived molecule also has profound autocrine and paracrine functions. Conclusion: In this review, our aim is to discuss the role of adiponectin in maintaining metabolic homeostasis and its association with cardiovascular health. The proper identification of these roles is of great importance, which has the potential to identify a wealth of novel targets for the treatment of diabetes and related cardio-metabolic diseases. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Insulin Resistance in Pregnancy: Implications for Mother and Offspring; In normal pregnancy, maternal metabolism transforms to one characterized by insulin resistance (IR) to promote nutrient availability to the fetus while supporting maternal metabolic needs. The rising global epidemic of obesity and overweight now approaches 60%, and this has changed the landscape of the pregnancy phenotype. With pre-pregnancy obesity comes heightened IR and, when compounded by pregnancy-induced IR, the intrauterine environment becomes characterized by nutrient excess in the form of glucose, lipids, and amino acids in parallel with metabolic derangements, including inflammation and oxidative stress. When a sedentary lifestyle, poor nutrition, and excess gestational weight gain (GWG) are added, the maternal metabolome and microbiome are further altered. This chapter will provide a discussion of IR in pregnancy and its mechanisms, including genetic/epigenetic, cellular, metabolic, and lifestyle factors. Importantly, the implications of IR in pregnancy on maternal and offspring outcomes will be highlighted. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Dyslipidemia as a cardiovascular risk factor: Use of probiotics in nutritional therapeutics; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are a global public health problem; today they constitute the first cause of disease and death in the western world. Currently in Latin America and the Caribbean, cardiovascular diseases account for 31% of all deaths. It is estimated that 20.7 million deaths from CVD will occur during the next 10 years. Dyslipidemia is a serious current problem because the condition an increase in mortality in adults. People affected with hypercholesterolemia can avoid cholesterol-lowering medications, with a diet based on functional foods (probiotics). Having a stable and balanced intestinal microbiota is a guarantee of health. Objective: To analyze the use of probiotics in nutritional therapy on dyslipidemia as a cardiovascular risk factor. Methodology: A retrospective and comparative descriptive bibliographic review study was carried out with the following descriptors: lipid profile, probiotics, dyslipidemias, which met the inclusion criteria. The search occurred between february 2019 a february 2020. For a total of: 135 articles published between: 1965 to 2020. Results: Researchers seek to develop therapeutic strategies to prevent and treat metabolic syndrome, with the use of probiotics. A current meta-analysis found that probiotics decreased serum levels of Total Cholesterol and LDL-col in hypercholesterolemic adults, which means that probiotics can reduce CVD morbidity. Conclusion: Probiotic supplementation could be taken as a new therapy for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. © 2020, Venezuelan Society of Pharmacology and Clinical and Therapeutic Pharmacology. All rights reserved.
Effect of One-Year Growth Hormone Therapy on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Boys with Obesity; It has been recognized that people with obesity are more likely to have low growth hormone secretion. Recent studies have also confirmed that the abnormalities of the growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor 1 axis were associated with cardiovascular complications in people with obesity. However, little is known about whether recombinant human growth hormone therapy could improve cardiovascular and metabolic risks in obese children. This study aims to evaluate the effect of one-year growth hormone therapy on obesity-related comorbidities and to assess the safety in Chinese boys with obesity. Eighteen boys with obesity were treated with recombinant human growth hormone for one year. Anthropometric measurements, endocrine testing, and cardiovascular risk markers were performed in all obese boys in baseline, and follow-up visits were performed at 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, and one year, respectively. After one year of recombinant human growth hormone treatment, the body mass index standard deviation scores decreased (P<0.001) and insulin-like growth factor 1 levels increased (P<0.001). GH treatment also reduced low density lipoprotein cholesterol (P<0.001), total cholesterol (P<0.001), triglycerides (P=0.042), and alanine aminotransferase (P=0.027) when compared with the baseline. One-year of recombinant human growth hormone treatment could improve cardiometabolic risk markers, without adverse effects on glucose homeostasis in boys with obesity. © 2020 Jing Wu et al.
The metabolome profiling of obese and non-obese individuals: Metabolically healthy obese and unhealthy non-obese paradox; Objective(s): The molecular basis of “metabolically healthy obese” and “metabolically unhealthy non-obese” phenotypes is not fully understood. Our objective was to identify metabolite patterns differing in obese (metabolically healthy vs unhealthy (MHO vs MUHO)) and non-obese (metabolically healthy vs unhealthy (MHNO vs MUHNO)) individuals. Materials and Methods: This case-control study was performed on 86 subjects stratified into four groups using anthropometric and clinical measurements: MHO (21), MUHO (21), MHNO (22), and MUHNO (22). Serum metabolites were profiled using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR). Multivariate analysis was applied to uncover discriminant metabolites, and enrichment analysis was performed to identify underlying pathways. Results: Significantly higher levels of glutamine, asparagine, alanine, L-glutathione reduced, 2-aminobutyrate, taurine, betaine, and choline, and lower level of D-sphingosine were observed in MHO group compared with MUHO. In comparison of MHNO and MUHNO groups, significantly lower levels of alanine, glycine, glutamine, histidine, L-glutathione reduced, and betaine, and higher levels of isoleucine, L-proline, cholic acid, and carnitine appeared in MUHNO individuals. Moreover, significantly affected pathways included amino acid metabolism, urea cycle and ammonia recycling in MUHO subjects and glutathione metabolism, amino acid metabolism, and ammonia recycling in MUHNO members. Conclusion: Literature review helped us to hint that altered levels of most metabolites might associate to insulin sensitivity and insulin resistance in MHO and MUHNO individuals, respectively. Besides, abnormal amino acid metabolism and ammonia recycling involved in unhealthy phenotypes (MUHO, MUHNO) might be associated with insulin resistance. © 2020 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Low serum amylase, lipase, and trypsin as biomarkers of metabolic disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: While there is plentiful evidence on elevated serum levels of amylase, lipase, and trypsin in acute illness, low serum levels of these digestive enzymes have been studied infrequently. The aim was to systematically review published studies on the relationship between low serum levels of amylase, lipase, or trypsin and metabolic disorders. Methods: The search was conducted in MEDLINE and Scopus databases. Studies in humans were included if they reported on the association between serum levels of amylase, lipase, or trypsin within normal range and metabolic disorders. Random-effects meta-analysis was conducted. Results: A total of 20 studies encompassing 20,916 participants were included. Compared with healthy individuals, individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (mean difference = −5.3; p < 0.001), metabolic syndrome (mean difference = −5.1; p < 0.001), and overweight/obesity (mean difference = −0.8; p = 0.02) had significantly lower serum levels of amylase. Both individuals with type 1 diabetes mellitus (mean difference = −1.8; p < 0.001) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (mean difference = −0.8; p < 0.001) had significantly lower serum levels of lipase compared with healthy individuals. Data on serum trypsin were not suitable for meta-analysis. In the pooled analysis, individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus had 3.1-times lower serum levels of amylase, 2.9-times lower serum levels of lipase, and 2.5-times lower serum levels of trypsin levels than the upper limits of normal for the three digestive enzymes. Conclusion: Low serum levels of amylase and lipase are significantly associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus, type 1 diabetes mellitus, excess adiposity, and metabolic syndrome. The role of digestive enzymes in the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders warrants further investigations. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Association of altered serum acylcarnitine levels in early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a high-prevalence disease and diagnosed in middle pregnancy. Acylcarnitines are a series of fatty acid esters of carnitine and play important roles in fatty acid and carbohydrate metabolism. However, the role of acylcarnitine on the development of GDM remains unclear. This case-control study involving 214 study participants (107 GDM cases and 107 matched controls) was conducted in a cohort, in China, from 2013 to 2015. The levels of carnitine and 36 acylcarnitines in serum samples collected at the early stage of pregnancy were determined by using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. The associations of the levels of the 37 targeted compounds with GDM risk were investigated by using binary conditional logistic regression models. Alterations in acylcarnitine levels were observed 9–17 weeks before GDM diagnosis. The increases in levels of propionyl-carnitine, malonyl-carnitine, isovaleryl-carnitine, palmitoyl-carnitine and linoleoyl-carnitine were associated with GDM risk with odds ratios (ORs) per standard deviation (SD) increment greater than 1 (p<0.05), after adjustment for potential confounding factors (pre-pregnancy body mass index and parity). On the contrary, the increases of decanoyl-carnitine, decenoyl-carnitine, tetradecenoyl-carnitine, tetradecandienoyl-carnitine levels were associated with the reduced risk for GDM (ORs per SD <1, p<0.05). To our knowledge, the present study is the largest case-control study to investigate the association between early-pregnancy acylcarnitine levels in serum and GDM risk. The findings add to the evidence for the association between acylcarnitine levels and GDM risk. © 2019, Science China Press and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Fundamental concepts and novel aspects of polycystic ovarian syndrome: Expert consensus resolutions; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a very common endocrine and metabolic disorder with the involvement of both genetic and environmental factors. Although much has been clarified on its pathogenesis, diagnosis, clinical manifestations, and therapy, there are still areas of uncertainty. To address fundamental concepts, novel aspects and hypotheses, and future perspectives, including the possible additional benefits of treatment with nutraceuticals, an expert consensus panel formed by endocrinologists and gynecologists was established. After an independent review of the literature, the panel convened electronically on February 3, 2020, and six resolutions were created, debated, and agreed upon discussion, and finally approved in their final formin a consensus livestreammeeting held on April 15. The summary of the resolutions are: (1) PCOS is a well-established medical condition that negatively affects reproduction, general health, sexual health, and quality of life; (2) the symptoms and signs of PCOS appear early in life especially in female newborns from PCOS carriers; (3) women with PCOS have significantly increased risk of pregnancy-related complications including gestational diabetesmellitus; (4) amale PCOS equivalent exists, and it may impact on metabolic health and probably on reproduction; (5) the evidence supports that medical therapy for PCOS is effective, rational, and evidence-based; (6) the evidence supports a major research initiative to explore possible benefits of nutraceutical therapy for PCOS. The proposed resolutions may be regarded as points of agreement based on the current scientific evidence available. © 2020 Aversa, La Vignera, Rago, Gambineri, Nappi, Calogero and Ferlin.
Prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and probiotics: Mechanism of action: A review; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a health problem that is increasing around the world. Introduction: Prevention of GDM, rather than treatment, could have several benefits in terms of both health and economic cost. Even a slight reduction in maternal glucose in non-diabetic women, particularly in women at high risk for GDM, may have significant benefits for pregnancy results and the future health of off-springs. Probiotics are a relatively new intervention, which are assessed by mothers’ metabolism, and can reduce blood sugar levels, prevent gestational diabetes and reduce the maternal and fetal complications resulting from it. The aim of this study was to review the studies on the prevention of gestational diabetes and assess the potential beneficial effects of probiotics on gestational diabetes and their possible mechanism of action. Methods: Articles compiled through clinical trials indexed in PubMed, Science Direct, Cochran, and Medlib between 2000 and 2017, with the keywords probiotics, prevention, and gestational diabetes mellitus were selected. Results: Considering the potential of probiotics in the modulation of gut microbiota, naturalization increases intestinal permeability, regulation of pro-inflammatory mediators’ secretion and thereby controlling local and systemic inflammation results in decreasing intestinal permeability, enhancing the immune system. It likely has the ability to prevent or control diabetes during pregnancy although confirmatory studies are still needed. Conclusion: Experimental and clinical evidence support the supposition that the modulation of the gut microbiota via probiotic microorganisms could be effective in the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Carotenoids Inhibit Fructose-Induced Inflammatory Response in Human Endothelial Cells and Monocytes; Objective. This research is aimed at determining the vascular health characteristics of carotenoids by evaluating their effect on excessive inflammatory response in endothelial and monocyte cells, the main factors of atherosclerosis. Methods. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) or U937 monocytes were treated with escalating concentrations (0.1, 0.5, and 1 μM) of five most common carotenoids in human plasma, i.e., α-carotene, β-carotene, β-cryptoxanthin, lutein, and lycopene prior to stimulation with 2 mM fructose. We examined the monocyte adhesion to endothelial cells (ECs) and relevant endothelial adhesion molecules. Chemokine and proinflammatory cytokine production as well as intracellular oxidative stress were also assessed in fructose-stimulated ECs and monocytes. Results. Carotenoids repressed monocyte adhesion to fructose-stimulated ECs dose dependently via decreasing primarily the expression of endothelial VCAM-1. In ECs and monocytes, three carotenoids, i.e., β-cryptoxanthin, lutein, and lycopene, suppressed the fructose-induced expression of chemokines MCP-1, M-CSF, and CXCL-10 and inflammatory cytokines TNF-α and IL-1β, with CXCL-10 being the most repressed inflammatory mediator. β-Cryptoxanthin, lutein, and lycopene dramatically downregulated the fructose-induced CXCL-10 expression in vascular cells. The reduction in the inflammatory response was associated with a slight but significant decrease of intracellular oxidative stress. Conclusions. Our results show that carotenoids have a variety of anti-inflammatory and antiatherosclerosis activities, which can help prevent or reduce fructose-induced inflammatory vascular diseases. © 2020 Ping Lin et al.
Traditional risk factors are causally related to carotid intima-media thickness progression: Inferences from observational cohort studies and interventional trials; In the present review, associations between traditional vascular risk factors (VRFs) and carotid intima-medial thickness progression (C-IMTp) as well as the effects of therapies for VRFs control on C-IMTp were appraised to infer causality between each VRF and C-IMTp. Cohort studies indicate that smoking, binge drinking, fatness, diabetes, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia are associated with accelerated C-IMTp. An exception is physical activity, with mixed data. Interventions for the control of obesity, diabetes, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia decelerate C-IMTp. Conversely, scarce information is available regarding the effect of smoking cessation, stop of excessive alcohol intake and management of the metabolic syndrome. Altogether, these data support a causative role of several traditional VRFs on C-IMTp. Shortcomings in study design and/or ultrasonographic protocols may account for most negative studies, which underlines the importance of careful consideration of methodological aspects in investigations using C-IMTp as the outcome. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Dysmetabolic iron overload in metabolic syndrome; Background: We sought to determine the association of dysmetabolic iron overload syndrome (DIOS) with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Methods: Several studies have shown that DIOS is associated with Mets, mainly through the pathogenesis of its components: type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), essential hypertension, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and polycystic ovary syndrome (POS). Results: Serum ferritin levels increase proportionally according to the degree of insulin resistance (IR) and the number of components of Mets. Moreover, DIOS predicts the onset of T2DM and NAFLD. Dysregulation of iron metabolism in DIOS is due to a multifactorial and dynamic process triggered by an unhealthy diet, facilitated by environmental and genetic cofactors, and resulting in a bidirectional relation between the liver and visceral adipose tissue (VAT). Iron removal combined with a healthy diet improved both insulin sensitivity and beta-cell fun-ction,3 but had no significant effect on blood glucose; however, phlebotomy therapy might be considered with conflicting results. Conclusion: Iron overload is closely associated with metabolic syndrome and its components; however, it re-mains under-appreciated in everyday clinical practice. Diet and lifestyle modification offer some clinical benefit; however, it is not adequate for successful management of the disease. The results of phlebotomy remain contro-versial, underlying the necessity of further efforts in this field. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Editorial on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of endocrine metabolic immune disorders-drug targets journal with a kaleidoscopic vision of selected publications; Over the past 20 years, Endocrine Metabolic Immune Disorders-Drug Targets (EMID-DT) journal has been covering a broad field of intertwined topics related to pathogenesis, diagno-sis, and therapy of endocrine, metabolic, and immune diseases. At first, the journal publications were restricted to reviews only and, then, original article submissions have also been accepted. EMIDDT represents as a successful journal in continuous expansion with 10 issues in 2020 and a current impact factor (IF) equal to 1.973. Moreover, since 2019, EMIDDT is the official journal of the Italian AME (Associazione Medici Endocrinologi), also linked to the American Association of Endocrinologists. Such a connection has given more impetus to the journal in terms of additional higher-quality submissions. In order to celebrate the 20th anniversary of EMIDDT, the content of some original representative articles published by the journal in the past and current years will be il-lustrated with special emphasis on cellular and molecular bases of drug targeting. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Adherence to healthy eating index-2015 and metabolic syndrome in a large sample of Iranian adults; Purpose: Dietary intake is a modifiable risk factor for metabolic syndrome (MetS). Therefore, this study aims to evaluate the association between the Healthy Eating Index-2015 (HEI-2015) and MetS. Design/methodology/approach: MetS was diagnosed among 2,326 adults. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire. The HEI-2015 was administered to assess the diet qualities. Multivariate logistic regression was also used to evaluate the relationship of HEI-2015 with MetS and its components. Findings: The odds of MetS was lower in women who were in the third quintile of HEI-2015 compared with those in the first quintile after adjusting for age and energy intake (OR: 0.62, CI: 0.41 to 0.93). In addition, moderate adherence to HEI-2015 reduced the odds of high fasting blood glucose levels in both men and women (OR men: 0.30, CI: 0.11 to 0.85 OR women: 0.34, CI: 0.14 to 0.79). However, these relations were not linear. Adherence to HEI-2015 had no significant relationship with the prevalence of MetS and its components in the whole population. Originality/value: A significant relationship was observed between moderate adherence to HEI-2015 and fasting blood glucose in both men and women. Moreover, moderate adherence to this dietary pattern decreased the prevalence of MetS in women. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Bisphenols as a legacy pollutant, and their effects on organ vulnerability; Bisphenols are widely used in the synthesis of polycarbonate plastics, epoxy resins, and thermal paper, which are used in manufacturing items of daily use. Packaged foods and drinks are the main sources of exposure to bisphenols. These chemicals affect humans and animals by disrupting the estrogen, androgen, progesterone, thyroid, and aryl hydrocarbon receptor functions. Bisphenols exert numerous harmful effects because of their interaction with receptors, reactive oxygen species (ROS) formation, lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial dysfunction, and cell signal alterations. Both cohort and case-control studies have determined an association between bisphenol exposure and increased risk of cardiovascular diseases, neurological disorders, reproductive abnormalities, obesity, and diabetes. Prenatal exposure to bisphenols results in developmental disorders in animals. These chemicals also affect the immune cells and play a significant role in initiating the inflammatory response. Exposure to bisphenols exhibit age, gender, and dose-dependent effects. Even at low concentrations, bisphenols exert toxicity, and hence deserve a critical assessment of their uses. Since bisphenols have a global influence on human health, the need to discover the underlying pathways involved in all disease conditions is essential. Furthermore, it is important to promote the use of alternatives for bisphenols, thereby restricting their uses. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Folate, vitamin B12, and choline: Essential nutrients before and during pregnancy and during lactation; Folate supplementation before and during pregnancy can prevent many birth defects such as spina bifida. The prevention of such defects on a population level is effective and aims at increasing folate intake in as many women as possible before they become pregnant. However, there are many anomalies that cannot be prevented by folate supplementation. Vitamin B12 deficiency causes disturbance in folate metabolism and utilization. Women who adhere to a vegan or a vegetarian diet could develop vitamin B12 deficiency and thereby could have higher risk for early abortion, preterm birth, low birth weight, and spina bifida despite that they have high intake of folate through the diet or supplements. In addition to folate, choline is a methyl donor that plays a significant role during the pregnancy, during the prenatal life, and for child development after birth. Folate and choline could show complementary and synergetic effects on the health of the mother and the child. Choline requirements increase during pregnancy and lactation. The diet and the estrogen-induced endogenous synthesis of choline in maternal liver are not sufficient to fulfill the needs in the pregnancy. The dietary intake of choline is often not sufficient during pregnancy. It is currently unclear whether low choline status during early pregnancy is associated with the risk of neural tube defects or congenital heart diseases. Results of upcoming studies are awaited. © 2020 Mediengruppe Oberfranken - Fachverlage GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
Insulin pump therapy would be favored by pregnant women with diabetes; To evaluate retrospectively the satisfaction of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) compared to multiple daily infusions in Japanese women with diabetes mellitus (DM) during pregnancy, we examined 27 women with type 1 (n = 20) or type 2 (n = 6) diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes (n = 1) who previously used CSII. Among these patients, 19 had used CSII during pregnancy, which accounted for 30 births. Questionnaires were retrospectively administered. The mean age of patients was 36.5 ± 7.0 years. The average birth weight was 3.1 ± 0.6 kg, with 62% of babies exhibiting complications. The satisfaction level of CSII for patients during pregnancy was 3.95 ± 0.26, whereas it was 1.84 ± 0.26 for multiple daily infusions (P < 0.001).CSII was generally viewed favorably by women with diabetes mellitus for glycemic management during pregnancy. © 2020 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license.
Vitamin d levels correlate with metabolic syndrome criteria in algerian patients: The ex-vivo immunomodulatory effect of α, 25 dihydroxyvitamin d3; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a combination of metabolic disorders with increased risks for several diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. It is associated with the presence of various inflammatory molecules. Vitamin D plays an important role in the regulation of metabolism homeostasis. Objective: The main goal of this work is to investigate vitamin D levels among Algerian MetS patients and its possible outcomes on key molecules of the immune response, as well, the immunomodulatory effects of its active metabolite. Methods: We evaluated vitamin D status by the electrochemiluminescence method, Nitric Oxide (NO) levels by the Griess method and Matrix Metalloproteinases (MMPs) activities such as MMP-2 and MMP-9 by zymography in plasma of patients and healthy controls (HC). The immunomodulatory effects of the active metabolite of vitamin D (α-25 (OH)2D3) on the production of NO, IL-6, IL-10, TGFβ and s-CTLA-4 were assessed by Griess method and ELISA, in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of Algerian MetS patients and HC. MMPs activities were also determined ex-vivo, while iNOS expression was assessed by immunofluorescence staining. Results: Severe vitamin D deficiency was registered in Algerian MetS patients. The deficiency was found to be associated with an elevated in vivo NO production and high MMPs activity. Interestingly, α-25 (OH)2D3 declined the NO/iNOS system and IL-6 production, as well as MMPs activities. However, the ex-vivo production of IL-10, TGF-β increased in response to the treatment. We observed in the same way, the implication of s-CTLA-4 in MetS, which was markedly up-regulated with α-25 (OH)2D3. Conclusion: Our report indicated the relationship between MetS factors and Vitamin D deficiency. The ex-vivo findings emphasize its impact on maintaining regulated immune balance. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
 1H-NMR based serum metabolomics highlights different specific biomarkers between early and advanced hepatocellular carcinoma stages; The application of non-targeted serum metabolomics profiling represents a noninvasive tool to identify new clinical biomarkers and to provide early diagnostic differentiation, and insight into the pathological mechanisms underlying hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) progression. In this study, we used proton Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (1H-NMR) Spectroscopy and multivariate data analysis to profile the serum metabolome of 64 HCC patients, in early (n = 28) and advanced (n = 36) disease stages. We found that1H-NMR metabolomics profiling could discriminate early from advanced HCC patients with a cross-validated accuracy close to 100%. Orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA) showed significant changes in serum glucose, lactate, lipids and some amino acids, such as alanine, glutamine, 1-methylhistidine, lysine and valine levels between advanced and early HCC patients. Moreover, in early HCC patients, Kaplan–Meier analysis highlighted the serum tyrosine level as a predictor for overall survival (OS). Overall, our analysis identified a set of metabolites with possible clinical and biological implication in HCC pathophysiology. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Biobehavioral factors related to the development and course of type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic impairment in adults: The critical role of weight, diet, physical activity, and other lifestyle behaviors; The purpose of this chapter is to review several individual-level, and potentially modifiable, behavioral factors known to be involved in the etiology of cardiometabolic impairments and type 2 diabetes in the context of aging. There is widespread acknowledgement that the dual epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes are interrelated and that lifestyle behaviors associated with excess weight play an integral role in the development, course, and outcomes of the physiological disease process. The study of diet, eating habits, and physical activity within a social-ecological framework has been central to advancing the scientific understanding of obesity and type 2 diabetes for over 50 years. The role of other behavioral lifestyle factors such as sleep, smoking, alcohol use, and psychosocial stress is less well understood but highly relevant because of their biological associations with obesity and the regulation of glucose and insulin. Furthermore, examining the individual-level lifestyle behaviors and associated pathophysiology (i.e., “biobehavioral factors”) most frequently implicated in the development and course of obesity and type 2 diabetes is essential for improved chronic disease prevention and control. Therefore, this chapter has three primary aims. We will (1) review and discuss the biological impact of several key lifestyle behaviors that have been shown to be significant in weight self-regulation and discuss their biological relationship to type 2 diabetes in adults; (2) critically evaluate research findings of the last 10 years that highlight the importance and significance of the biobehavioral relationships associated with type 2 diabetes; and (3) summarize promising research directions that are likely to yield important insights regarding behavioral lifestyle factors for type 2 diabetes prevention and management. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
Is Extra Virgin Olive Oil an Ally for Women's and Men's Cardiovascular Health?; Noncommunicable diseases are long-lasting and slowly progressive and are the leading causes of death and disability. They include cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and diabetes mellitus (DM) that are rising worldwide, with CVD being the leading cause of death in developed countries. Thus, there is a need to find new preventive and therapeutic approaches. Polyphenols seem to have cardioprotective properties; among them, polyphenols and/or minor polar compounds of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) are attracting special interest. In consideration of numerous sex differences present in CVD and DM, in this narrative review, we applied "gender glasses." Globally, it emerges that olive oil and its derivatives exert some anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects, modulate glucose metabolism, and ameliorate endothelial dysfunction. However, as in prescription drugs, also in this case there is an important gender bias because the majority of the preclinical studies are performed on male animals, and the sex of donors of cells is not often known; thus a sex/gender bias characterizes preclinical research. There are numerous clinical studies that seem to suggest the benefits of EVOO and its derivatives in CVD; however, these studies have numerous limitations, presenting also a considerable heterogeneity across the interventions. Among limitations, one of the most relevant in the era of personalized medicine, is the non-attention versus women that are few and, also when they are enrolled, sex analysis is lacking. Therefore, in our opinion, it is time to perform more long, extensive and lessheterogeneous trials enrolling both women and men. © 2020 Flavia Franconi et al.
Prenatal choline supplementation during high-fat feeding improves long-term blood glucose control in male mouse offspring; Maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic dysregulation in rodent offspring, especially when offspring are exposed to a high-fat (HF), obesogenic diet later in life. We previously demonstrated that maternal choline supplementation (MCS) in HF-fed mouse dams during gestation prevents fetal overgrowth and excess adiposity. In this study, we examined the long-term metabolic influence of MCS. C57BL/6J mice were fed a HF diet with or without choline supplementation prior to and during gestation. After weaning, their pups were exposed to either a HF or control diet for 6 weeks before measurements. Prenatal and post-weaning dietary treatments led to sexually dimorphic responses. In male offspring, while post-weaning HF led to impaired fasting glucose and worse glucose tolerance (p < 0.05), MCS in HF dams (HFCS) attenuated these changes. HFCS (versus maternal normal fat control) appeared to improve metabolic functioning of visceral adipose tissue during post-weaning HF feeding, preventing the elevation in leptin and increasing (p < 0.05) mRNA expression of insulin receptor substrate 1 (Irs1) that promotes peripheral insulin signaling in male offspring. In contrast, MCS had minimal effects on metabolic outcomes of female offspring. In conclusion, MCS during HF feeding in mice improves long-term blood glucose homeostasis in male offspring when they are faced with a postnatal obesogenic environment. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Antidiabetic effects of physical activity: How it helps to control type 2 diabetes; Despite the improvements in clinical care of the patients, research updates, and public health interventions, there is still an increase in the prevalence, incidence, and mortality because of diabetes mellitus (DM). DM is a public health problem in both developed and developing countries. It has increased alarmingly, putting this disease in the dimension of an epidemic. Diabetes is associated with several complications which increase the risk of many serious health problems on the other side. Therefore, this review was aimed to discuss the antidiabetic effects of physical activity (PA) on type 2 DM (T2DM) by summarizing the significant studies on this topic. This review found that several studies have recommended the utilization of PA for the effective management of T2DM. PA is a non-pharmacologic therapy which is a significant strategy for the management of T2DM and is an appropriate lifestyle modification approach to be practiced by these patients. The studies showed that PA has antidiabetic effects which are evidenced by its substantial role in improving the blood glucose (BG) levels of the individuals with T2DM where it helps them to control their levels of glucose in the blood. It plays a significant role in glycemic control of this disease by lowering the BG levels through possible mechanisms such as decreasing insulin resistance, increasing production of glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT-4), lowering visceral adipose tissue (VAT), increasing pancreatic β-cell functions, using glucose for energy, and so on. In turn, the controlled glycemia helps to prevent the complications associated with uncontrolled T2DM and this would further improve the overall health of the patients and the burden on the health professionals as well. Finally, this review concludes that PA is the cornerstone in the management of T2DM. It also suggests that more attention is needed to its significance in the prevention, glycemic control, and its role in the management of the morbidity and mortality associated with T2DM. Practical PA recommendations and suggestions for the future direction of research in this area are also provided. © 2020 Wake.
The oral glucose tolerance test: 100 years later; For over 100 years, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) has been the cornerstone for detecting prediabetes and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). In recent decades, controversies have arisen identifying internationally acceptable cut points using fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 2-h post-load glucose (2-h PG), and/or HbA1c for defining intermediate hyperglycemia (prediabetes). Despite this, there has been a steadfast global consensus of the 2-h PG for defining dysglycemic states during the OGTT. This article reviews the history of the OGTT and recent advances in its application, including the glucose challenge test and mathematical modeling for determining the shape of the glucose curve. Pitfalls of the FPG, 2-h PG during the OGTT, and HbA1c are considered as well. Finally, the associations between the 30-minute and 1-hour plasma glucose (1-h PG) levels derived from the OGTT and incidence of diabetes and its complications will be reviewed. The considerable evidence base supports modifying current screening and diagnostic recommendations with the use of the 1-h PG. Measurement of the 1-h PG level could increase the likelihood of identifying high-risk individuals when the pancreatic ß-cell function is substantially more intact with the added practical advantage of potentially replacing the conventional 2-h OGTT making it more acceptable in the clinical setting. © 2020 Jagannathan et al.
Role and Significance of Circulating Biomarkers: MiRNA and E2F1 mRNA Expression and Their Association with Type-2 Diabetic Complications; Background. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has emerged as an epidemic affecting more than four hundred million people throughout the world. It is a multifactorial disease with range of environmental and genetic factors responsible for its prevalence. In search of novel biomarkers for recording progress of various metabolic diseases, small noncoding RNA in general and microRNAs (miRNAs) in particular have emerged as the most promising biomarkers for diagnosing variety of diseases including diabetes. An increasing number of studies have been published, reporting the quantification of miRNAs in blood of subjects with diabetes and mostly aimed at identifying miRNA modulation in chronic diabetic complications. Due to its association with immune system homeostasis and potential capability to predict diabetes development, the profile of circulating miRNAs may also provide useful information about diabetes pathogenic mechanisms. Thus, the present study aimed to understand the role and expression of microRNA330 and E2F1 mRNA expression in patients with T2DM. Methodology. The present study includes a total of 200 individuals: 100 "individuals with T2DM referred to as "cases"and 100 healthy individuals referred to as "controls". Extracted RNA was used to synthesise the cDNA for microRNA-330 and E2F1 mRNA expression. Taqman assay method has been used to analyse the microRNA-330 expression in the cases and controls and SYBR green dye was used to study the E2F1 mRNA expression. Results. Statistically significant difference was observed in all the selected 5 biochemical parameters among T2DM cases and healthy controls. Risk factors like hypertension were observed to be significantly associated with reduced HDL (p=0.01), increased TG (p=0.0008), and cholesterol (p<0.0001) in hypertensive T2DM cases as compared to nonhypertensive T2DM cases. Obese patients showed significant increase in TG (p=0.01) and cholesterol (p<0.0001) as compared to nonobese patients. Similarly, increased TG (p=0.001) and cholesterol (p<0.0001) was observed in the case of alcoholic patients as compared to nonalcoholic patients. Also, patients with smoking habit showed increased TG (p=0.009p = 0.009), cholesterol (p<0.0001), and VLDL (p=0.01) as compared to nonsmokers and differences among them was found to be statistically significant. Besides this, significant impact of risk factors like hypertension, obesity, alcoholism, and smoking were observed on microRNA-330 expression and E2F1 mRNA expression. A 7.72-fold increased microRNA-330 and 0.05-fold decreased E2F1 mRNA expression was observed among T2DM cases as compared to healthy controls. Increased expression of microRNA-330 was observed in hypertensive cases (9.61-fold, p<0.0001), obese cases (9.33-fold, p=0.0008, alcoholic cases (9.07-fold, p<0.0001), and smoking cases (8.41-fold, p=0.01) as compared to nonhypertensive, nonobese nonalcoholic, and nonsmoking cases, and differences among them were found to be significant. Decreased expression of E2F1 mRNA expression was observed in patients with alcoholism (0.03-fold, p=0.002) and smoking (0.03fold, p<0.0001) while patients who were nonalcoholic and nonsmokers showed 0.07-fold increase in expression, and differences among them were found to be statistically significant. Conclusion. The present study demonstrated that increased level of microRNA-330 and decreased level of E2F1 mRNA expression were found to be associated with pathogenesis of T2DM patients. Risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, alcoholism, and smoking may be were found to be associated with microRNA-330 and E2F1 mRNA expressions, and it can prove a reliable biomarker for T2DM disease progression could be linked to chronic diabetic complications.  © 2020 Mirza Masroor Ali Beg et al.
The level of bile salt-stimulated lipase in the milk of Chinese women and its association with maternal BMI; This study aimed to investigate the bile salt-stimulated lipase (BSSL) concentration in the milk of Chinese women and its correlation with maternal body mass index (BMI), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertensive disorder (GHD). The BSSL levels in the milk samples were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). BSSL level in colostrum milk of mothers with full-term infants was positively correlated with pregnancy week and negatively correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and BMI late in pregnancy. Moreover, the BSSL concentration in mature milk was positively correlated with BMI gain during pregnancy. The BSSL concentration in colostrum milk was lower in GDM mothers than in normal mothers. The BSSL helps infants digest fat in early life and its level was associated with lactation. The changes in BSSL characteristics with maternal BMI and GDM in this study may have clinical implications regarding the effects of pregnancy weight and metabolism on the nutrition and health of the offspring © 2020 by the Journal of Biomedical Research
Implicating androgen excess in propagating metabolic disease in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been traditionally perceived as a reproductive disorder due to its most common presentation with menstrual dysfunction and infertility. However, it is now clear that women with PCOS are at increased risk of metabolic dysfunction, from impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and cardiovascular disease. PCOS is characterised by androgen excess, with cross-sectional data showing that hyperandrogenism is directly complicit in the development of metabolic complications. Recent studies have also shown that C11-oxy C19 androgens are emerging to be clinically and biochemically significant in PCOS, thus emphasising the importance of understanding the impact of both classic and C11-oxy C19 androgens on women’s health. Here we discuss androgen metabolism in the context of PCOS, and dissect the role played by androgens in the development of metabolic disease through their effects on metabolic target tissues in women. © The Author(s), 2020.
Solute carrier transporters as potential targets for the treatment of metabolic disease; The solute carrier (SLC) superfamily comprises more than 400 transport proteins mediating the influx and efflux of substances such as ions, nucleotides, and sugars across biological membranes. Over 80 SLC transporters have been linked to human diseases, including obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D). This observation highlights the importance of SLCs for human (patho)physiology. Yet, only a small number of SLC proteins are validated drug targets. The most recent drug class approved for the treatment of T2D targets sodium–glucose cotransporter 2, product of the SLC5A2 gene. There is great interest in identifying other SLC transporters as potential targets for the treatment of metabolic diseases. Finding better treatments will prove essential in future years, given the enormous personal and socioeconomic burden posed by more than 500 million patients with T2D by 2040 worldwide. In this review, we summarize the evidence for SLC transporters as target structures in metabolic disease. To this end, we identified SLC13A5/sodium-coupled citrate transporter, and recent proof-of-concept studies confirm its therapeutic potential in T2D and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Further SLC transporters were linked in multiple genome-wide association studies to T2D or related metabolic disorders. In addition to presenting better-characterized potential therapeutic targets, we discuss the likely unnoticed link between other SLC transporters and metabolic disease. Recognition of their potential may promote research on these proteins for future medical management of human metabolicdiseasessuchasobesity, fattyliverdisease, and T2D. Significance Statement——Given the fact that the prevalence of human metabolic diseases such as obesity and type 2 diabetes has dramatically risen, pharmacological intervention will be a key future approach to managing their burden and reducing mortality. In this review, we present the evidence for solute carrier (SLC) genes associated with human metabolic diseases and discuss the potential of SLC transporters as therapeutic target structures. © 2019 by The Author(s).
Dietary Total Antioxidant Capacity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study; Background. Elevated oxidative stress status has been reported among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). In diabetic condition, glucose and lipid peroxidation, and alteration in antioxidant defense lead to increased free radicals. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between dietary total antioxidant capacity (DTAC) and GDM. Methods. This hospital-based case-control study was conducted in 463 pregnant women (healthy, n=263; GDM, n=200). Anthropometric indices, blood pressure, and biochemical analyses were measured. Dietary intake was assessed by the average of three 24-hour dietary intake records. DTAC was calculated by three indices: ferric reducing ability of plasma (FRAP), total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP), and Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC). Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the relationship between DTAC and GDM risk in crude and adjusted models. Results. The mean age and BMI were 28.33±6.23 years and 29.67±4.73 kg/m2, respectively. Total energy, protein, and selenium intakes were significantly higher in cases than controls (P<0.05). Moreover, intakes of carbohydrate, vitamins C, B6, and A, manganese, fruits, fruit juices, vegetables, legumes, and FRAP were significantly lower in cases than controls (P<0.05). The risk of gestational diabetes mellitus was 85% lower among those in the highest tertile of FRAP (OR: 0.15; 95% CI: 0.08-0.29). There was no significant association between the risk of GDM and TRAP (OR: 1.62; 95% CI: 0.94-2.79) as well as TEAC (OR: 1.56; 95% CI: 0.89-2.72). Conclusion. Pregnant women who were in the highest tertile of FRAP were at lower risk of GDM. However, larger prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings. © 2020 Elnaz Daneshzad et al.
Serum and adipose tissue chemerin is differentially related to insulin sensitivity; Objective: The aim of the study was to assess serum chemerin concentration and s.c. adipose tissue (SAT) chemerin expression in relation to insulin sensitivity and obesity in young healthy subjects. Design: We performed a cross-sectional study including 128 subjects, 44 with normal weight, 44 with overweight and 40 with obesity. Methods: Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp and SAT biopsy were performed. Next, 30 subjects with obesity underwent 12-week weight-reducing dietary intervention. Results: Serum chemerin was higher and SAT chemerin expression was lower in subjects with obesity in comparison with other groups. The relationship of serum chemerin with SAT expression and insulin sensitivity were positive in normal weight and overweight individuals, and negative in individuals with obesity. In the entire study population, serum chemerin was also positively related to hsCRP, serum fetuin A and alanine aminotransferase. SAT chemerin was positively related to insulin sensitivity, SAT insulin signaling and adipogenic genes. Weight loss decreased serum chemerin, whereas SAT chemerin increased in subjects with the highest increase in insulin sensitivity. Conclusions: Serum and SAT chemerin is differentially associated with insulin sensitivity and the relationship between serum chemerin and insulin sensitivity depends on adiposity. SAT chemerin is positively associated with insulin sensitivity across a wide range of BMIs and may be proposed as a biomarker of metabolically healthy SAT. Our results suggest that SAT is not the main source of serum chemerin in obesity. © 2020 The authors.
Down-regulated MiR-21 in gestational diabetes mellitus placenta induces ppar-α to inhibit cell proliferation and infiltration; Purpose: This study aimed to investigate the role of miR-21 expression in the reduction of placental function in GDM patients. Materials and Methods: qRT-PCR was used to detect the differential expression of miR-21 in the serum of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and normal pregnant women, and to verify the functional target gene PPAR-α of miR-21 by double fluorescence experiments. Cellular experiments were performed to verify the effect of PPAR-α on cell function. Results: miR-21 is down-regulated in the serum and placenta of GDM patients compared to normal pregnant women. In the case of insulin resistance, miR-21-5p knockdown promoted glucose uptake, but no significant effect was found under physiological condition. Functional studies have shown that reduced PPAR-α expression can restore miR-21 knockdown-mediated cell growth and metastasis inhibition. Additionally, decreased expression of miR-21 but increased expression of-PPAR-α was observed in patients with GDM and GDM rats. Conclusion: The expression of the placental miR-21-5p, which inhibits cell growth and infiltration by up-regulating PPAR-α, is downregulated in pregnant GDM patients, which in turn may affect the placental function. © 2020 Guan et al.
Effects of α-linolenic acid intake on blood lipid profiles：a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; To investigate the effect of ALA intake on blood lipid profiles, including triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL-C) and ratio of TC to HDL-C. We systematically searched randomized controlled trials of ALA intervention on PubMed, Embase, Cochrane library and related references up to March 2018. The final values were calculated as weighted mean difference (WMD) by using a random effects model. Subgroup analysis and meta-regression were used to explore the source of heterogeneity. Generalized least square was performed for dose–response analysis. Forty-seven studies with 1305 individuals in the ALA arm and 1325 individuals in the control arm were identified. Compared with control group, dietary intake of ALA significantly reduced the concentrations of TG (WMD −0.101 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.158 to −0.044 mmol/L; P = 0.001), TC (WMD −0.140 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.224 to −0.056 mmol/L; P = 0.001), LDL-C (WMD −0.131 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.191 to −0.071 mmol/L; P < 0.001), VLDL-C (WMD −0.121 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.170 to −0.073 mmol/L; P < 0.001), TC/HDL-C ratio (WMD −0.165 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.317 to −0.013 mmol/L; P = 0.033) and LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (WMD −0.158 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.291 to −0.025 mmol/L; P = 0.02). There is no effect of ALA intake on HDL-C (WMD 0.008 mmol/L; 95% CI: −0.018 to 0.034 mmol/L; P = 0.541). Dose–response analysis indicated that 1 g per day increment of ALA was associated with a 0.0016 mmol/L, 0.0071 mmol/L, 0.0015 and 0.0061 mmol/L reduction in TG (95% CI: −0.0029 to −0.0002 mmol/L), TC (95% CI: −0.0085 to −0.0058 mmol/L), HDL-C (95% CI: −0.0020 to −0.0011 mmol/L) and LDL-C (95% CI: −0.0073 to −0.0049 mmol/L) levels, respectively. The effects of ALA intake on TG, TC and LDL-C concentrations were more obvious among Asian participants, and also more obvious on patients with hyperlipidemia or hyperglycemia compared to healthy individuals. Dietary ALA intervention improves blood lipid profiles by decreasing levels of TG, TC, LDL and VLDL-C. Our findings add to the evidence that increasing ALA intake could potentially prevent risk of cardiovascular diseases. © 2020, © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Common variation at 16p11.2 is associated with glycosuria in pregnancy: Findings from a genome-wide association study in European women; Glycosuria is a condition where glucose is detected in urine at higher concentrations than normal (i.e. not detectable). Glycosuria at some point during pregnancy has an estimated prevalence of 50% and is associated with adverse outcomes in both mothers and offspring. Little is currently known about the genetic contribution to this trait or the extent to which it overlaps with other seemingly related traits, e.g. diabetes.We performed a genome-wide association study (GWAS) for self-reported glycosuria in pregnant mothers from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (cases/controls=1249/5140).We identified two loci, one of which (lead SNP=rs13337037; chromosome 16; odds ratio of glycosuria per effect allele: 1.42; 95% CI: 1.30, 1.56; P=1.97×10-13) was then validated using an obstetric measure of glycosuria measured in the same cohort (227/6639).We performed a secondary GWAS in the 1986 Northern Finland Birth Cohort (NFBC1986; 747/2991) using midwife-reported glycosuria and offspring genotype as a proxy for maternal genotype. The combined results revealed evidence for a consistent effect on glycosuria at the chromosome 16 locus. In follow-up analyses, we saw little evidence of shared genetic underpinnings with the exception of urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (Rg =0.64; SE=0.22; P=0.0042), a biomarker of kidney disease. In conclusion, we identified a genetic association with self-reported glycosuria during pregnancy, with the lead SNP located 15kB upstream of SLC5A2, a target of antidiabetic drugs. The lack of strong genetic correlation with seemingly related traits such as type 2 diabetes suggests different genetic risk factors exist for glycosuria during pregnancy. © The Author(s) 2020.
Physical exercise and metformin in gestational obesity and prevention on gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review; Objectives: Identify the action of metformin and physical activities to reduce weight gain and prevent mellitus diabetes in obese pregnant women. Methods: The electronic search was performed in PubMed/MEDLINE, LILACS, Web of Science, Scopus and Cochrane library databases between 2008 and 2018. The selection took place between April and July 2018, through the descriptors "pregnancy, obesity, metformin, treatment, exercise". A protocol was programmed and consecutively a selective research on the inclusion/exclusion phase. The "PICO" strategy was used. Population: Obese pregnant women. Intervention: Physical exercises and metformin. Control: The main indicator established was therapeutic outcomes with physical activity and metformin. Outcome of interest: Body weight control. Results: By selecting the database, 3,983 articles were identified on the topic of interest. After selecting and eligibility, only 16 scientific studies were selected, of which 81.25% were clinical trials related to diet programs, physical activity, metformin use and possible outcomes, 18.75% were prospective cohort on causes of obesity in gestation and its association with gestational mellitus diabetes and preventive therapies. The study pointed out the possibility of adapting physical therapy programs with the correct metformin dosage for a greater control in gestational weight gain. However, there is a need for greater awareness and changes in habits for obese woman during the gestational period. Conclusions: The drug presents similarity to physical activity by activating AMPK and may be added to treatments that propose changes in pregnant women’s lifestyle to reduce weight gain and prevent gestational diabetes mellitus with a better understanding of the optimal dosage. Thus, the study suggests the use of metformin is not only for the prevention and the intercurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus, but a strictly careful investigation allowing its use to non-diabetic obese pregnant women. © 2020, Instituto Materno Infantil Professor Fernando Figueira. All rights reserved.
Biological investigations on therapeutic effect of chitosan encapsulated nano resveratrol against gestational diabetes mellitus rats induced by streptozotocin; The chitosan encapsulation with bioactive compounds (resveratrol) is a significant method that can be used to raise the stability and effectiveness of substances in gestational diabetes management. In this study, the resveratrol–zinc oxide complex is encapsulated with chitosan (CS–ZnO–RS). The synthesized CS–ZnO–RS could be used to deliver the resveratrol with minimized side effects and also improved bioavailability. CS–ZnO–RS were characterized by various techniques such as particle size analyzer, DSC, FT-IR, TEM, SEM, and AFM. The electron microscopic and particle analyzer confirmed that the synthesized CS–ZnO–RS were monodispersed, spherical and its average size was 38 nm. The drug-releasing profile showed that 95% of RS is released from CS–ZnO–RS within 24 h. In vitro studies confirmed that α-glucosidase and α-amylase inhibitory activities were closely related to the concentration of CS–ZnO–RS. The highest inhibition of α-glucosidase (77.32%) and α-amylase (78.4%) was observed at 500 μg/mL. Furthermore, the treatment of CS–ZnO–RS significantly decreased the blood glucose levels in gestational diabetes mellitus induced rats and maintained the lipid content toward the normal rats. In addition, the CS–ZnO–RS reduced the level of inflammation factors (IL-6 and MCP-1) and endoplasmic reticulum stress (GRP78, p-IRE1α, p-eIF2α, and p-PERK). © 2020, © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Effects of High-Fat Diet and Exercise Intervention on the Metabolism Regulation of Infant Mice; Maternal exercise is crucial for promoting the health of the offspring. Previous studies showed that long-term maternal exercise improves energy metabolism during pregnancy. Whether swimming exercise can reverse the metabolic disorders caused by high-fat exposure in the early life of the offspring is yet to be elucidated. Three-week-old C57BL/6 female mice were randomly assigned to the standard chow diet group (SC), standard chow diet and exercise group (SC-Ex), high-fat diet group (HFD), and high-fat diet and exercise group (HFD-Ex). After swimming intervention for 13 weeks, male and female mice were caged, and the exercise intervention lasted until delivery. Then, the mothers were fed standard chow diet. A total of 8 offsprings/group were randomly selected after 4 weeks of lactation for GTT and ITT. After body composition analysis, the mice were sacrificed to obtain specimens. The levels of metabolism factors and IL-6 were measured by suspension microarray. Subsequently, 15 min after starting the GTT and ITT, the curve detected significant difference between the HFD and other groups. The body fat percentage of the HFD-Ex offspring was significantly lower than that of HFD offspring (p<0.05) irrespective of the gender. The levels of IL-6 and TG in the male offspring in the HFD-Ex group were improved significantly (p<0.05). Compared to the HFD offspring, serum glucose and GIP in the female offspring in the HFD-Ex group was significantly reduced (p<0.05). Long-term exercise of the mother effectively improved the metabolic disorder caused by high-fat exposure in the infant offspring. Thus, the metabolic inheritance of the offspring is gender-dependent; the maternal metabolism can make male offspring genetically susceptible. © 2020 Xiaofeng Zhu et al.
Current understanding of the role of adipose-derived extracellular vesicles in metabolic homeostasis and diseases: Communication from the distance between cells/tissues; Extracellular vesicles (EVs) including exosomes, microvesicles (MVs), and apoptotic bodies, are small membrane vesicular structures that are released during cell activation, senescence, or programmed cell death, including apoptosis, necroptosis, and pyroptosis. EVs serve as novel mediators for long-distance cell-to-cell communications and can transfer various bioactive molecules, such as encapsulated cytokines and genetic information from their parental cells to distant target cells. In the context of obesity, adipocyte-derived EVs are implicated in metabolic homeostasis serving as novel adipokines. In particular, EVs released from brown adipose tissue or adipose-derived stem cells may help control the remolding of white adipose tissue towards browning and maintaining metabolic homeostasis. Interestingly, EVs may even serve as mediators for the transmission of metabolic dysfunction across generations. Also, EVs have been recognized as novel modulators in various metabolic disorders, including insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In this review, we summarize the latest progress from basic and translational studies regarding the novel effects of EVs on metabolic diseases. We also discuss EV-mediated cross-talk between adipose tissue and other organs/tissues that are relevant to obesity and metabolic diseases, as well as the relevant mechanisms, providing insight into the development of new therapeutic strategies in obesity and metabolic diseases. © The author(s). This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). See http://ivyspring.com/terms for full terms and conditions.
Promotion of adropin expression by hyperglycemia is associated with STAT3 activation in diabetic rats; Background: Adropin is a secreted polypeptide that has been demonstrated to play an important role in energy homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) may promote the transcription of target genes including adropin. In the current study, we investigated the effect of adropin on glucose metabolism in diabetic rats and the mechanism that governs this effect was subsequently assessed. Materials and Methods: Rats received a single injection of streptozotocin to induce type 1 diabetes. The diabetic rats were treated with insulin or phloridzin, another antidiabetic agent through inhibition of glucose reabsorption, for 7 days. Plasma glucose levels and adropin levels were measured. The interaction between STAT3 and adropin was evaluated using the human hepatoma HepG2 cell line. HepG2 cells were pretreated with the specific antagonist Stattic or with STAT3-specific siRNAs to knockout STAT3. Changes in energy homeostasis-associated gene expression were measured using real-time PCR. The protein expression levels of pSTAT3 and STAT3 were measured using Western blotting. Results: In diabetic rats, the serum concentrations of adropin were increased in the vehicle-treated group and decreased in the insulin-or phloridzin-treated group. In liver tissues, the Enho expression level and the activity of STAT3 also showed similar tendencies. After HepG2 cells were treated with medium containing high glucose, the ratio of p-STAT3 to STAT3, Enho mRNA levels and reactive oxygen species expression levels in HepG2 cells were significantly increased in conjunction with increased glucose levels. The effect was inhibited after pretreatment with Stattic or knockdown with STAT3-specific siRNAs. Conclusion: STAT3 is involved in the genetic regulation of adropin, increasing the levels of circulating adropin and promoting Enho expression in the livers of diabetic rats. © 2020 Kuo et al.
Neonatal iron: Factors influencing its level and associated complications - A review article; Background: Iron is an essential micronutrient which plays a significant role, particularly vital for early brain growth and function. Maternal iron condition influences the iron status of neonates since iron transferred from the mother is the only source for fetal iron. A depletion in iron as a result of rapid growth leads to iron deficiency which is common in neonates. Although there are inconsistencies with regard to the normal reference ranges for neonatal iron level, the current review summarized literature to provide compressive information about neonatal iron status and factors that influence its level. Methods: This is a narrative review on the basis of relevant literatures mainly on neonatal iron from peer-reviewed journals. Electronic databases such as PubMed, PMC, Scopus, Science Direct, Google scholar, Google, and Yahoo were used to retrieve relevant literatures using key terms like “newborn iron, neonatal iron, iron overload, maternal factors, complication, iron level and neonates” separately and in combination. Results: Several factors had been postulated as factors associated with neonatal iron status. The current review figured out that maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, placental transferrin receptor, inappropriate iron supplementation, use of iron fortified formula, uses of recombinant erythropoietin therapy, smoking, maternal iron deficiency anemia, umbilical cord clamping, and transfusion are the major factors which can influence neonatal iron level. These factors may have either positive or negative effects on neonatal iron level. Both iron deficiency and iron overload at some stage in the fetal development or at early stage of neonatal development cause abnormal functions of multiple organ system of neonates and subsequently contributed to neonatal and childhood morbidity and mortality. Conclusions: By one and other means insufficient, late and extra maternal iron supplementation, early and delayed umbilical cord clamping have negative effects on the iron level of neonates. Therefore, careful prenatal and antenatal follow-up need to be strengthened with due emphasis for maternal iron assessment. © 2020 Verlag Klinisches Labor GmbH. All rights reserved.
Pd-1/pd-l1 affects graves progression through lymphocytes on the proliferation, apoptosis and inflammatory cytokine secretion of thyroid follicular epithelial cells; — We aimed to investigate the role of programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) and T lym-phocytes in the proliferation, apoptosis and secretion of cells from patients and mice with Graves’ disease (GD). The levels of serum hormones, related antibodies and inflammatory cytokines in GD patients were determined by electrochemiluminescence immunoassay and ELISA. The percentages of CD4 and CD8 T-lymphocytes and PD-1 expression were examined by flow cytometry. A GD mouse model, a thyroid follicular epithelial cell, and a CD4+PD-1+, CD4+PD-1-and CD8+PD-1+, CD8+PD-1-T lymphocyte co-culture system were constructed. The viability, apoptosis-related markers, serum hormones, related antibodies and inflammatory cytokines in thyroid follicular epithelial cells were determined by CCK-8, Western blot, qTR-PCR, electrochemiluminescence immunoassay and ELISA. Elevated free thyroid hormones (FT3, FT4), thyroid hormone antibodies (TRAb, TPOAb and TGAb), inflammatory cytokines, and inhibited TSH were observed in GD patients. The percentage of CD4+ T cells was increased, while that of CD8+ T cells was reduced in GD patients. PD-1 expression level was lifted in both CD4+ and CD8+ cells from GD patients. In mouse thyroid follicular epithelial cells co-cultured with CD4+PD-1+ and CD8+PD-1+ T lymphocytes, the cell viability, TH and TRAb levels and inflammatory cytokines level were the highest, while the TSH level and apoptosis were the lowest. PD-1 positive T lymphocytes were able to promote viability and inhibit apoptosis of thyroid follicular epithelial cells, which further caused a more accelerat-ed development of GD. © 2020, Japanese Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved.
Extracellular vesicle-associated proteins as potential biomarkers; Every cell in the body secretes extracellular vesicles (EVs) possibly as cellular signaling components and these cell-derivatives can be found in multiple numbers in biological fluids. EVs have in the scientific field received great attention in relation to pathophysiology and disease diagnostics. Altered protein expressions associated with circulating EVs in diseased individuals can serve as biomarkers for different disease states. This capacity paves the way for non-invasive screening tools and early diagnostic markers. However, no isolation method of EVs has been acknowledged as the “golden standard,” thus reproducibility of the studies remains inadequate. Increasing interest in EV proteins as disease biomarkers could give rise to more scientific knowledge with diagnostic applicability. In this chapter, studies of proteins believed to be associated with EVs within cancer, autoimmunity, metabolic and neurodegenerative diseases have been outlined. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Insulin clearance in women with a history of gestational diabetes assessed by mathematical model analyses of intravenous glucose tolerance test; Circulating concentrations of insulin are determined by a balance between the secretion rate of insulin from pancreatic beta-cells and insulin degradation (“clearance”). However, limited attention has been devoted to the study of insulin clearance in women with former gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which are known to be at increased type 2 diabetes risk. The aim of this study was to provide a detailed analysis of insulin clearance in women with former GDM. A population of 156 white Caucasian women, was analyzed early postpartum (4–6 months after delivery) and classified in two groups: women with previous GDM (pGDM, n = 115) and women that remain healthy during pregnancy (CNT, n = 41). All women underwent a 3-hour Insulin-Modified Intravenous Glucose Tolerance Test (IM-IVGTT). Insulin clearance temporal patterns were derived by mathematical modelling of IM-IVGTT data; average insulin clearance values were also considered during the whole test, and in the first - (0–10 min) and second phase (10–180 min). Insulin clearance temporal patterns were found to be different between CNT and pGDM group (p &lt; 0.0001). Average insulin clearance was found different over the second phase of the test (p = 0.04), being equal to 0.54 [0.41] and 0.59 [0.41] l·min−1 in CNT and pGDM group, respectively. In conclusion, some abnormalities in former GDM women, compared to a group of healthy women were detected. This may be of relevance for more accurate estimation of type 2 diabetes risk. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Placentae for Low Birth Weight Piglets Are Vulnerable to Oxidative Stress, Mitochondrial Dysfunction, and Impaired Angiogenesis; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with fetal mortality and morbidity. One of the most common causes of IUGR is placental insufficiency, including placental vascular defects, and mitochondrial dysfunction. In addition, a high level of oxidative stress induces placental vascular lesions. Here, we evaluated the oxidative stress status, mitochondrial function, angiogenesis, and nutrient transporters in placentae of piglets with different birth weights: <500 g (L), 500-600 g (LM), 600-700 g (M), and >700 g (H). Results showed that placentae from the L group had higher oxidative damage, lower adenosine triphosphate and citrate synthase levels, and lower vascular density, compared to those from the other groups. Protein expression of angiogenic markers, including vascular endothelial cadherin, vascular endothelial growth factor A, and platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1, was the lowest in the L group placentae compared to the other groups. In addition, the protein levels of glucose transporters GLUT1 and GLUT3 were downregulated in the L group, compared to the other groups. Furthermore, oxidative stress induced by H2O2 inhibited tube formation and migration in porcine vascular endothelial cells. Collectively, placentae for lower birth weight neonates are vulnerable to oxidative damage, mitochondrial dysfunction, and impaired angiogenesis.  © 2020 Chengjun Hu et al.
Fourteen steps to relevance: taking probiotics from the bench to the consumer; Much is made of the need to translate scientific research into improved care of people or other life forms. Grant applications invariably start with the extent of a problem and end by claiming that their work will or could result in making an impact. In truth, very few projects ever lead to translation at the level of the host, nor was that really their intent. For those who are focused on applied science, there are many ways to reach the desired goal, sometimes through serendipity or by logical stepwise progress. The following paper will provide personal insight into the stages, pitfalls, and ultimate assessment of relevance in the context of using probiotic lactobacilli for human health and other applications. © 2020, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
Flaxseed for health and disease: Review of clinical trials; Background: Flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum) is an oil-based seed that contains high amounts of alpha-linolenic acid, linoleic acid, lignans, fiber and many other bioactive components which is suggested for a healthier life. Nowadays, flaxseed is known as a remarkable functional food with different health benefits for humans and protects against cardiovascular disease, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity and altogether metabolic syndrome. Methods: To review the bioactive components of flaxseed and their potential health effects, PubMed and Scopus were searched from commencement to July 2019. Keywords including: "flaxseed", "Linum usitatissimum", "metabolic syndrome", "obesity", "inflammation", "insulin resistance", "diabetes", "hyperlipidemia" and "menopause" were searched in the databases with varying combinations. Conclusion: Consumption of flaxseed in different forms has valuable effects and protects against cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, inflammation and some other complications. Flaxseed can serve as a promising candidate for the management of metabolic syndrome to control blood lipid levels, fasting blood sugar, insulin resistance, body weight, waist circumference, body mass and blood pressure. © 2020, Bentham Science Publishers. All rights reserved.
Dietary and policy priorities to reduce the global crises of obesity and diabetes; The world faces a global nutrition crisis, most clearly evidenced by the twin pandemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Yet, substantial confusion and controversy exist about optimal dietary priorities and policy approaches to address these challenges. This paper reviews the evolution of nutritional evidence, emerging areas and corresponding policy lessons to address obesity and T2DM. This includes the complexity of diet–health pathways for long-term weight maintenance and metabolic health; a need to focus on both increasing protective foods (for example, minimally processed, phytochemical-rich foods) and reducing detrimental factors (for example, refined starches, added sugars and processed meats); and critical assessment of popular diets for weight-loss and metabolic health. Emerging evidence highlights areas for further research, including those related to food processing, non-nutritive sweeteners, emulsifiers, the microbiome, flavonoids and personalized nutrition. Evidence-based, multi-sectoral policy actions to address the global nutrition crisis are shown to span several domains, including health systems, economic incentives, school and workplace environments, quality and labelling standards, and innovation and entrepreneurship. © 2020, Springer Nature Limited.
Clusterin as a Potential Biomarker of Obesity-Related Alzheimer’s Disease Risk; Over 35% of the adult US population is obese. In turn, excess adiposity increases the risk of multiple complications including type 2 diabetes (T2D), insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease; yet, obesity also independently heightens risk of Alzheimer’s Disease (AD), even after adjusting for other important confounding risk factors including blood pressure, sociodemographics, cholesterol levels, smoking status, and Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) genotype. Among patients over the age of 65 with dementia, 37% have coexisting diabetes, and an estimated 7.3% of cases of AD are directly attributable to midlife obesity. Clusterin, also known as apolipoprotein J (ApoJ), is a multifunctional glycoprotein that acts as a molecular chaperone, assisting folding of secreted proteins. Clusterin has been implicated in several physiological and pathological states, including AD, metabolic disease, and cardiovascular disease. Despite long-standing interest in elucidating clusterin’s relationship with amyloid beta (Aβ) aggregation/clearance and toxicity, significant knowledge gaps still exist. Altered clusterin expression and protein levels have been linked with cognitive and memory function, disrupted central nervous system lipid flux, as well as pathogenic brain structure; and its role in cardiometabolic disease suggests that it may be a link between insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and AD. Here, we briefly highlight clusterin’s relevance to AD by presenting existing evidence linking clusterin to AD and cardiometabolic disease, and discussing its potential utility as a biomarker for AD in the presence of obesity-related metabolic disease. © The Author(s) 2020.
NAFLD at the interface of the mother-infant dyad; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers’ health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
The Role of Circulating RBP4 in the Type 2 Diabetes Patients with Kidney Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background. Diabetic nephropathy is a common and serious complication of diabetes mellitus (DM) and is one of the leading causes of end-stage renal disease worldwide. Although there have been many investigations on biomarkers for DN, there is no consistent conclusion about reliable biomarkers. The purpose of this study was to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of the role of circulating retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) in the type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with kidney diseases. Materials and Methods. We searched the PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases for publications. For the 12 cross-sectional studies that we included in the review, we calculated standard mean differences (SMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for continuous data when the applied scales were different. Risk of bias of included trials was assessed by using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Results. RBP4 concentrations in the micro-, macro-, or micro+macroalbuminuria groups were significantly higher than those in the normal albuminuria group of T2DM patients [P=0.001, SMD 1.07, 95% CI (0.41, 1.73)]. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was negatively associated with circulating RBP4 concentrations in patients with T2DM [summary Fisher's Z=-0.48, 95% CI (-0.69, -0.26), P<0.0001]. The albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) was positively associated with circulating RBP4 concentrations in patients with T2DM [summary Fisher's Z=0.20, 95% CI (0.08, 0.32), P=0.001]. Conclusion. The levels of circulating RBP4 were significantly higher both in T2DM subjects with micro/macroalbuminuria and in T2DM subjects with declined eGFR. The levels of circulating RBP4 were positively correlated with ACR but negatively correlated with eGFR. Circulating RBP4 could be a reliable biomarker for kidney diseases in T2DM. © 2020 Li Zhang et al.
Adipokines: A rainbow of proteins with metabolic and endocrine functions; Obesity represents one of the most important health problems worldwide with increas-ing morbidity and mortality. Widespread prevalence of this disease justifies its actual definition of a “global epidemic”. Adipose tissue is nowadays considered a complex organ with lots of endocrine and metabolic functions. In addition to fulfilling its task for energy storage and thermal regulation, by virtue of its constituent white and brown cells, adipose tissue represents, considering its size, the biggest endocrine gland in the body. Both adipocytes and surrounding resident cells (macrophages, endothelial cells and others) produce a huge number of molecules, or adipokines, with endocrine or paracrine functions, that regulate various aspects of metabolism whose clinical relevance is emerging. By balancing pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects, the adipokines control insulin sensitivity and related glucose metabolism changes, lipid accumulation in the liver and other organs, and finally gonadal function. Collectively, literature data remains cloudy because of still conflicting results of pre-clinical and clinical studies. The aim of this review was to summarize scientific evidence about adipokines’ effects on human metabolism, by focusing on their role on either Metabolic Syndrome and NAFLD, or insulin-resistance in pregnancy, or finally, reproductive function disorders. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Could phthalates exposure contribute to the development of metabolic syndrome and liver disease in humans?; In the study, 305 patients of both genders were enrolled and divided into three groups: obese (BMI > 30 kg/m2), patients who were diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and control, normal weight healthy volunteers. At least one of ten different phthalate metabolites was determined in the urine samples of 49.84% all enrolled participants. In the obese subgroup, the sum of all urinary phthalate metabolites was positively associated with TG levels (p = 0.031) together with derived TC/HDL and TG/HDL ratios (p = 0.023 and 0.015), respectively. Urinary MEP concentration was positively correlated with the HOMA-IR in T2DM subgroup (p = 0.016) while in the control subgroup, log10MEP levels were negatively correlated with total cholesterol (p = 0.0051), and LDL serum levels (p = 0.0015), respectively. Also, in the control subgroup, positive linear correlations between urinary log10MEP levels and TyG and TYG-BMI values (p = 0.028 and p = 0.027), respectively, were determined. Urinary MEHP levels were associated with glucose serum levels (p = 0.02) in T2DM subgroup, while in the control HDL values were negatively associated with log10MEHP (p = 0.0035). Healthy volunteers exposed to phthalates had elevated AST levels in comparison to non-exposed ones (p = 0.023). In control subgroup, ALT and AST values were increased (p = 0.02 and p = 0.01, respectively) in MEP exposed while GGT levels were enhanced (p = 0.017) in MEHP exposed in comparison with non-exposed. Combined phthalates influence on glucose and lipid metabolism may increase the possibility for NAFLD and insulin resistance development among exposed individuals. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Fighting diabetes mellitus: Pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches; Background: The increasing worldwide prevalence of diabetes mellitus confers heavy public health issues and points to a large medical need for effective and novel anti-diabetic approaches with negligible adverse effects. Developing effective and novel anti-diabetic approaches to curb diabetes is one of the most foremost scientific challenges. Objectives: This article aims to provide an overview of current pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches available for the management of diabetes mellitus. Methods: Research articles that focused on pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for diabetes were collected from various search engines such as Science Direct and Scopus, using keywords like diabetes, glucagon-like peptide-1, glucose homeostasis, etc. Results: We review in detail several key pathways and pharmacological targets (e.g., the G protein-coupled receptors-cyclic adenosine monophosphate, 5′-adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase, sodium-glucose cotransporters 2, and peroxisome proliferator activated-receptor gamma signaling pathways) that are vital in the regulation of glucose homeostasis. The currently approved diabetes medications, the pharmacological potentials of naturally occurring compounds as promising interventions for diabetes, and the non-pharmacological methods designed to mitigate diabetes are summarized and discussed. Conclusion: Pharmacological-based approaches such as insulin, metformin, sodium-glucose cotransporters 2 inhibitor, sulfonylureas, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, and dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors represent the most important strategies in diabetes management. These approved diabetes medications work via targeting the central signaling pathways related to the etiology of diabetes. Non-pharmacological approaches, including dietary modification, increased physical activity, and microbiota-based therapy are the other cornerstones for diabetes treatment. Pharmacological-based approaches may be incorporated when lifestyle modification alone is insufficient to achieve positive outcomes. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
The hepatic lipidome and hnf4α and shbg expression in human liver; Low plasma levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) are a marker for obesity, insulin resistance, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and type 2 diabetes. The transcription factor HNF4α is a major determinant of hepatic SHBG expression and thereby serum SHBG levels, and mediates in part the association of low SHBG with hyperinsulinemia and hepatic steatosis. We analyzed the lipidome in human liver specimens from a cohort of patients who underwent hepatic resection as a treatment for cancer, providing insight into hepatic lipids in those without extreme obesity or the clinical diagnosis of NAFLD or non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. Both steatosis and high HOMA-IR were associated with higher levels of saturated and unsaturated FA, other than arachidonic, with the most dramatic rise in 18:1 oleate, consistent with increased stearoyl-CoA desaturase activity. Individuals with low HOMA-IR had low levels of total hepatic fatty acids, while both low and high fatty acid levels characterized the high HOMA-IR group. Both insulin resistance and high levels of hepatic fat were associated with low expression levels of HNF4α and thereby SHBG, but the expression of these genes was also low in the absence of these determinants, implying additional regulatory mechanisms that remain to be determined. The relationship of all FA studied to HNFα and SHBG mRNAs was inverse, and similar to that for total triglyceride concentrations, irrespective of chain length and saturation vs unsaturation. © 2020 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Elevated Circulating Fetuin-B Levels Are Associated with Insulin Resistance and Reduced by GLP-1RA in Newly Diagnosed PCOS Women; Background. Previous studies have suggested that Fetuin-B seems to be a secreted adipokine related to metabolic diseases. However, the results have been inconsistent. Here, our objective is to investigate the changes in circulating Fetuin-B levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and analyze the association of Fetuin-B and insulin resistance (IR). Methods. The current study is comprised of a cross-sectional study and a series of interventional studies. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp (EHC) were engaged to assess glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. Serum Fetuin-B levels were determined by ELISA. Results. Serum Fetuin-B and TNF-α levels were markedly increased in women with PCOS compared to healthy women. Circulating Fetuin-B was positively associated with body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, the percentage of body fat (FAT%), systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, fasting blood glucose, 2 h blood glucose after glucose overload, fasting insulin, 2 h insulin after glucose overload, HOMA-insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), the area under the curve for insulin (AUCi), AUCg, and TNF-α, while negatively associated with M value and follicular stimulating hormone (FSH). During the EHC, Fetuin-B levels were found to be significantly increased in PCOS women. After a glucose challenge, serum Fetuin-B levels in healthy women were significantly increased. Lipid infusion reduced serum Fetuin-B levels in 30 healthy subjects. After six months of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1RA) intervention, serum Fetuin-B concentrations in PCOS women markedly decreased following ameliorated IR. Conclusion. Our results indicate that Fetuin-B may be a biomarker of IR in individuals with PCOS. This trial is registered with ChiCTR-IIR-16007901.  © 2020 Mani Mokou et al.
An investigation of saliva and plasma levels of urotensin 2 in recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus patients on metformin treatment; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a primary disease of the carbohydrate metabolism that is characterised by absolute or relative insulin deficiency, or insulin resistance. Although life expectancy is low for diabetic patients, the prognosis has been improved in recent decades. Metformin is an oral antidiabetic that reduces insulin resistance and plasma glucose levels by decreasing glucose production in the liver. It can be used as a standalone treatment or in combination with other antidiabetic medications or insulin. Urotensin 2 (U-II), which is one of the most effective known vasoconstrictor peptides, was observed to act as a vasoconstrictor in diseases such as hypertension and heart failure, and to induce vasodilation in healthy volunteers. Some studies have proposed that the activation of the U-II system could lead to metabolic syndrome. Certain studies have determined a link between DM and U-II. However, there exist no studies on the effects of U-II in recently diagnosed type 2 DM patients after metformin treatment. This study aims to investigate the plasma and saliva levels of U-II at diagnosis and after a three-month metformin treatment in recently diagnosed type 2 DM patients, and to compare these levels to those of healthy volunteers. Material and methods: Our study compared 30 recently diagnosed type 2 DM patients to their states after three-month metformin treatment and 30 healthy volunteers. Results: When compared with the control group, there was no significant increase in the plasma and saliva U-II levels of recently diagnosed type 2 DM patients. We determined a statistically significant increase in the plasma and saliva ureotensin-2 levels of recently diagnosed type 2 DM patients after a three-month metformin treatment (p < 0.05). Conclusions: It was concluded that the patients with type 2 DM have a multifactorial aetiopathogenesis and an increase in U-II levels after metformin treatment. Metformin has no known effect on the U-II metabolism; therefore, the findings need confirmation through more clinical and experimental studies with more participants. © 2020 Via Medica. All rights reserved.
Medicinal mushroom, grifola gargal (Agaricomycetes), lowers triglyceride in animal models of obesity and diabetes and in adults with prediabetes; Grifola gargal is a medicinal mushroom with biological effects, such as antiatherogenic activity, and is used as a treatment for various chronic inflammatory diseases. The aim of this study is to investigate the antidiabetic and antiobesity effects of a low–molecular weight hot water extract from G. gargal (GGL) against diabetes type 2. In a human clinical trial, 10 subjects with prediabetes consumed 9.2 g of GGL daily for 4 weeks. The significant beneficial health effects observed were decreases in triglyceride levels. This is the first report of these results in humans. Moreover, in animal experiments, we investigated the influence of administered feed with 2% (w/w) GGL for 42 days by using KK-Ay and ob/ ob mice as animal models of obesity and diabetes. Results showed that GGL reduces blood glucose and triglyceride levels and adipose tissue. GGL (2.0 mg/mL) significantly suppressed the expression of the cytokine interleukin-6 in 3T3-L1 cells compared with control cells. Thus, the results indicate that G. gargal may be used as a safe and healthy medicinal food to prevent and improve diabetes-and obesity-related metabolic syndrome. © 2020 by Begell House, Inc.
Palmitic acid activates NLRP3 inflammasome and induces placental inflammation during pregnancy in mice; Maternal obesity is one of the major risk factors for pregnancy complications and is associated with low-grade chronic systemic inflammation due to higher levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin (IL)-1β. Pregnant women with obesity have abnormal lipid profiles, characterized by higher levels of free fatty acids, especially palmitic acid (PA). Previously, we reported that PA stimulated IL-1β secretion via activation of NLRP3 inflammasome in human placental cells. These observations led us to hypothesize that higher levels of PA induce NLRP3 inflammasome activation and placental inflammation, resulting in pregnancy complications. However, the effects of PA on NLRP3 inflammasome during pregnancy in vivo remain unclear. Therefore, PA solutions were administered intravenously into pregnant mice on day 12 of gestation. Maternal body weight was significantly decreased and absorption rates were significantly higher in PA-injected mice. The administration of PA significantly increased IL-1β protein and the mRNA expression of NLRP3 inflammasome components (NLRP3, ASC, and caspase-1) within the placenta. In murine placental cell culture, PA significantly stimulated IL-1β secretion, and this secretion was suppressed by a specific NLRP3 inhibitor (MCC950). Simultaneously, the number of macrophages/ monocytes and neutrophils, together with the mRNA expression of these chemokines increased significantly in the placentas of PA-treated mice. Treatment with PA induced ASC assembling and IL-1β secretion in macrophages, and this PA-induced IL-1β secretion was significantly suppressed in NLRP3-knockdown macrophages. These results indicate that transient higher levels of PA exposure in pregnant mice activates NLRP3 inflammasome and induces placental inflammation, resulting in the incidence of absorption. © 2020 by the Society for Reproduction and Development.
Modulatory nano/micro effects of diabetes development on pharmacology of primary and secondary bile acids concentrations; Background: Recent studies have suggested that hyperglycaemia influences the bile acid profile and concentrations of secondary bile acids in the gut. Introduction: This study aimed to measure changes in the bile acid profile in the gut, tissues, and faeces in type 1 Diabetes (T1D) and Type 2 Diabetes (T2D). Methods: T1D and T2D were established in a mouse model. Twenty-one seven-weeks old balb/c mice were randomly divided into three equal groups, healthy, T1D and T2D. Blood, tissue, urine and faeces samples were collected for bile acid measurements. Results: Compared with healthy mice, T1D and T2D mice showed lower levels of the primary bile acid, chenodeoxycholic acid, in the plasma, intestine, and brain, and higher levels of the secondary bile acid, lithocholic acid, in the plasma and pancreas. Levels of the bile acid ursodeoxycholic acid were undetected in healthy mice but were found to be elevated in T1D and T2D mice. Conclusion: Bile acid profiles in other organs were variably influenced by T1D and T2D development, which suggests similarity in effects of T1D and T2D on the bile acid profile, but these effects were not always consistent among all organs, possibly since feedback mechanisms controlling enterohepatic re-circulation and bile acid profiles and biotransformation are different in T1D and T2D. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
The effects of myo-inositol and probiotic supplementation in a high-fat-fed preclinical model of glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Glucose intolerance during pregnancy - a major driver of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) - has significant short- and long-term health consequences for both the mother and child. As GDM prevalence continues to escalate, there is growing need for preventative strategies. There is limited but suggestive evidence that myo-inositol (MI) and probiotics (PB) could improve glucose tolerance during pregnancy. The present study tested the hypothesis that MI and/or PB supplementation would reduce the risk of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Female C57BL/6 mice were randomised to receive either no treatment, MI, PB (Lactobacillus rhamnosus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or both (MIPB) for 5 weeks. They were then provided with a high-fat diet for 1 week before mating commenced and throughout mating/gestation, while remaining on their respective treatments. An oral glucose tolerance test occurred at gestational day (GD) 16·5 and tissue collection at GD 18·5. Neither MI nor PB, separately or combined, improved glucose tolerance. However, MI and PB both independently increased adipose tissue expression of Ir, Irs1, Akt2 and Pck1, and PB also increased Pparγ. MI was associated with reduced gestational weight gain, whilst PB was associated with increased maternal fasting glucose, total cholesterol and pancreas weight. These results suggest that MI and PB may improve insulin intracellular signalling in adipose tissue but this did not translate to meaningful differences in glucose tolerance. The absence of fasting hyperglycaemia or insulin resistance suggests this is a very mild model of GDM, which may have affected our ability to assess the impact of these nutrients. © The Authors 2019.
The chemical exposome of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Opportunities and challenges in the omics era; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a global silent killer, with > 450 million affected adults worldwide. A diverse array of non-modifiable risk factors such as family history, age (> 45 yrs), race/ethnicity, genetics, and history of gestational diabetes and modifiable risk factors such as physical inactivity, high body fat, body weight, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol for progression of prediabetes to T2DM. Given, that the modern world human population is constantly exposed to multiple stressors in the form of physical (i.e., sound, weather etc.) and chemical environment (i.e., diet, pollutants etc.), industrialization, and modernization has led to form a basis for exposomal correlation with T2DM incidence. Over the past decade, there have been emerging reports on association of levels of persistent organic pollutants (POPs), phthalates, antibiotics, drugs, air pollution, pesticides, and heavy metals with T2DM. In this review, we discuss the well known chemical exposome that has been associated with T2DM; the tools and approaches to capture this chemical exposome, and future opportunities and challenges in this exciting area of research. We further provide a window of thoughts, whether omics technologies can help fill in the gaps to help provide high throughput exposomics datasets in an unbiased manner to help understand T2DM pathophysiology in the context of industrialization, drastic lifestyle changes, urbanization, and pollution. We also discuss and provide guidelines/call to action for future exposomics studies investigating the association of T2DM with exposomes in the context of both epidemiological and experimental approaches. © 2019 Diabetes India
Exosomal MicroRNA Expression Profiling Analysis of the Effects of Lycium Barbarum Polysaccharide on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Mice; Objective. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition, affecting an increasing number of pregnant women worldwide. Safe and effective treatment for GDM is very important for the public health. In this study, we utilized a high-fat diet-induced GDM model to evaluate the effects of LBP on GDM and examined the changes of exosomal microRNA expression profiling to decipher the potential underlying mechanism of LBP. Methods. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed a control diet, HFD, or 150 mg/kg LBP-supplemented HFD for 6 weeks before conception and throughout gestation. Oral glucose tolerance test and plasma lipid levels were determined, and liver histopathology was assessed. Sequencing was used to define the microRNA expression profiling of plasma exosomes in the three groups of mice, and protein expression levels of the candidate target genes were analyzed. Results. LBP significantly relieved glucose intolerance, abnormal plasma lipid levels, and pathomorphological changes of liver histopathology in HFD-induced GDM mice. Moreover, we found that this effect of LBP was mediated by downregulation of the increase of 6 miRNAs (miR-93-3p, miR-188-5p, miR-466k, miR-1188-5p, miR-7001-3p, and miR-7115-5p) and reversing the increase of the protein expression of CPT1A, which is the target gene of miR-188-5p. Conclusions. Our findings provide novel insights into the biological activities of LBP in the treatment of GDM.  © 2020 Ya Xiao et al.
Key relevance of epigenetic programming of adiponectin gene in pathogenesis of metabolic disorders; Background & Objective: Significant health and social burdens have been created by the growth of metabolic disorders like type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), atherosclerosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, worldwide. The number of the affected population is as yet rising, and it is assessed that until 2030, 4-5 million individuals will acquire diabetes. A blend of environmental, genetic, epigenetic, and other factors, such as diet, are accountable for the initiation and progression of metabolic disorders. Several researches have shown strong relevance of adiponectin gene and metabolic disorders. In this review, the potential influence of epigenetic mechanisms of adiponectin gene “ADIPOQ” on increasing the risk of developing metabolic disorders and their potential in treating this major disorder are discussed. Results & Conclusion: Various studies have postulated that a series of factors such as maternal High fat diet (HFD), oxidative stress, pro-inflammatory mediators, sleep fragmentation throughout lifetime, from gestation to old age, could accumulate epigenetic marks, including histone remodeling, DNA methylation, and microRNAs (miRNAs) that, in turn, alter the expression of ADIPOQ gene and result in hypoadiponectinemia which precipitates insulin resistance (IR) that in turn might induce or accelerate the onset and development of metabolic disorder. A better understanding of global patterns of epigenetic modifications and further their alterations in metabolic disorders will bestow better treatment strategies design. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Clinically confirmed DEL-1 as a myokine attenuates lipid-induced inflammation and insulin resistance in 3T3-L1 adipocytes via AMPK/HO-1- pathway; Regular exercise is the first line of therapy for treating obesity-mediated metabolic disorders, including insulin resistance. It has been reported that developmental endothelial locus-1 (DEL-1) enhances macrophage efferocytosis, resulting in inflammation clearance as well as improves insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. However, the relationship between exercise and DEL-1, and the effects of DEL-1 on insulin signalling in adipocytes have not been fully elucidated to date. Protein expression levels were determined by Western blot analysis. Cells were transfected with small interfering (si) RNA to suppress gene expression. Lipid accumulation levels were detected using Oil red-O staining. Proinflammatory cytokine secretion levels were measured using ELISA. DEL-1 expression levels were induced in the skeletal muscle of people who exercised using microarray analysis. Recombinant DEL-1 augmented AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) phosphorylation and haem oxygenase (HO)-1 expression to alleviating inflammation and impairment of insulin signalling in 3T3-L1 adipocytes treated with palmitate. siRNA of AMPK or HO-1 also mitigated the effects of DEL-1 on inflammation and insulin resistance. DEL-1 ameliorates inflammation and insulin resistance in differentiated 3T3-L1 cells via AMPK/HO-1 signalling, suggesting that DEL-1 may be the exercise-mediated therapeutic target for treating insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Resveratrol treatment improves the altered metabolism and related dysbiosis of gut programed by prenatal high-fat diet and postnatal high-fat diet exposure; A maternal high-fat (HF) diet sensitizes offspring to the adverse effects of postnatal HF intake and can lead to metabolic dysregulation. Resveratrol, a natural polyphenolic compound found in grapes and red wine, could help to relieve metabolic syndrome dysregulation. Since the gut microbiota is known to be closely related to metabolic homeostasis, this study aimed to investigate the impact of a combination of maternal and postweaning HF diets on the gut microbiota and whether resveratrol could relieve the gut dysbiosis associated with metabolic dysregulation. Sprague–Dawley dams were sustained on either a chow or HF diet before mating, during pregnancy and during lactation. Their offspring were randomly fed chow or a HF diet after weaning. Four experimental groups were generated: CC (maternal/postnatal chow diet), HC (maternal HF/postnatal chow diet), CH (maternal chow/postnatal high-fat diet) and HH (maternal/postnatal HF diet). A fifth group consisted of HH with resveratrol treatment. We found that both maternal and postnatal HF exposure has a distinct effect on the gut microbiota metagenome of offspring. Maternal HF diet exposure decreased plasma acetate, propionate and butyrate level, while postnatal HF diet exposure decreased plasma acetate level in adult life. The metabolic dysregulation programed by the maternal and postnatal HF diets was related to the relevant gut microbiota. Resveratrol treatment ameliorated the altered plasma propionate level related to maternal HF and postnatal HF diet treatment. Resveratrol treatment also improved most of the altered metabolic dysregulation and related dysbiosis programmed by maternal and postnatal HF diet exposure. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Osteocalcin: A protein hormone connecting metabolism, bone and testis function; During the last decade, the disclosure of systemic effects of osteocalcin (OCN) in its un-dercarboxylated form contributed to switch the concept of bone from a merely structural apparatus to a fully endocrine organ involved in the regulation of systemic functions. Since that time, the role of OCN as osteokine has been more and more widened appreciated and detailed by the major use of animal models, starting from the original function in the bone extracellular matrix as Gla-protein and spanning from the protective effects towards weight gain, insulin sensitivity and glucose home-ostasis, to the anabolic and metabolic roles in skeletal muscle, to the stimulating effects on the testis endocrine function and male fertility, to the most recent preservation from anxious and de-pressive states through a direct activity on the central nervous system. In this review, experimental data supporting the inter-organ communication roles of this protein are discussed, together with the available data supporting the consistency between experimental data obtained in animals and those reported in humans. In addition, a specific session has been devoted to the possible significance the OCN as a template agonist on its receptor GPRC6A, for the development of novel therapeutic and pharmacological approaches for the treatment of dismetabolic states and male infertility. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Proteomics analysis of potential serum biomarkers for insulin resistance in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Theaimofthepresentstudywastoidentifypotential serum biomarkers for insulin resistance (IR) in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) by comparing the differencesinserumproteinexpressionlevelsbetweenPCOSpatients with and without IR. PCOS patients aged from 18 to 35 years were recruited at Guangdong Women and Children's Hospital from January, 2013 to February, 2014. A total of 218 PCOS patients were enrolled and divided into the insulin resistance (PCOS-IR) and non-insulin resistance (PCOS-NIR) groups according to their homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Two-dimensional difference gel electrophoresis (2D-DIGE) and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF-MS/MS) techniques were used to identify differences in protein expression levels between the PCOS-IR and PCOS-NIR groups. The present study demonstrated that the total cholesterol (TCH), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 3-h blood glucose (3hBG) and uric acid (UA) levels in the PCOS-IR group were higher than those in the PCOS-NIR group (P<0.05). Between the PCOS-IR and PCOS-NIR groups, a total of 20 differentially expressed protein spots were detected by 2D-DIGE. Among these, 4 proteins, namely afamin, serotransferrin, complement C3 and apolipoprotein C3 (APOC3), were also identified by MALDI-TOF-MS/MS. The alteration of APOC3 was further confirmed by western blot analysis and enzyme–linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The present study also confirmed that the expression level of APOC3 was positively associated with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). On the whole, the data indicate that APOC3 may be a potential diagnostic marker for PCOS-IR patients. © 2020 Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Stillbirth: Prerequisites and risk factors; Here we analyze prerequisites and risk factors resulting in stillbirth. For this, we searched for key words in the electronic databases Scopus, MedLine, The Cochrane Library, CyberLeninka, RSCI etc. Social and medical history (obstetric and gynecological history, previous and identified extragenital diseases prior to pregnancy), bad habits, anthropometry data and pregnancy complications were assessed. Factors unambiguously linked to increased risk of stillbirth were identified. © 2020 Limited Liability Company KlinMed Consulting.
Gut microbiota-derived metabolites in obesity: A systematic review; Recent evidence suggests that gut microbiota-derived metabolites affect many biological processes of the host, including appetite control and weight management. Dysbiosis of the gut microbiome in obesity influences the metabolism and excretion of gut microbiota byproducts and consequently affects the physiology of the host. Since identification of the gut microbiota-host co-metabolites is essential for clarifying the interactions between the intestinal flora and the host, we conducted this systematic review to summarize all human studies that characterized the gut microbiota-related metabolites in overweight and obese individuals. A comprehensive search of the PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases yielded 2,137 articles documented up to July 2018. After screening abstracts and full texts, 12 articles that used different biosamples and methodologies of metabolic profiling and fecal microbiota analysis were included. Amino acids and byproducts of amino acids, lipids and lipid-like metabolites, bile acids derivatives, and other metabolites derived from degradation of carnitine, choline, polyphenols, and purines are among the gut microbiota-derived metabolites which showed alterations in obesity. These metabolites play an important role in metabolic complications of obesity, including insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, and dyslipidemia. The results of this study could be useful in development of therapeutic strategies with the aim of modulating gut microbiota and consequently the metabolic profile in obesity. © 2020 BMFH Press.
Association of WISP1/CCN4 with Risk of Overweight and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Pregnant Women; Background. Obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of adverse outcomes than women with obesity or GDM alone. Our study is aimed at investigating the discriminatory power of circulatory Wnt1-inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1), a novel adipocytokine, on the copresence of prepregnancy overweight/obesity and GDM and at clarifying the relationship between the WISP1 level and clinical cardiometabolic parameters. Methods. A total of 313 participants were screened from a multicenter prospective prebirth cohort: Born in Shenyang Cohort Study (BISCS). Subjects were examined with a 2×2 factorial design for body mass index BMI≥24 and GDM. Between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy, follow-up individuals underwent an OGTT and blood sampling for cardiometabolic characterization. Results. We observed that the WISP1 levels were elevated in prepregnancy overweight/obesity patients with GDM, compared with nonoverweight subjects with normal blood glucose (3.45±0.89 vs. 2.91±0.75 ng/mL). Multilogistic regression analyses after adjustments for potential confounding factors revealed that WISP1 was a strong and independent risk factor for prepregnancy overweight/obesity with GDM (all ORs>1). In addition, the results of the ROC analysis indicated that WISP1 exhibited the capability to identify individuals with prepregnancy overweight/obesity and GDM (all AUC>0.5). Finally, univariate and multivariate linear regression showed that WISP1 level was positively and independently correlated with fasting blood glucose, systolic blood pressure, and aspartate aminotransferase and was negatively correlated with HDL-C and complement C1q. Conclusions. WISP1 may be critical for the prediction, diagnosis, and therapeutic strategies against obesity and GDM in pregnant women. © 2020 Lei Liu et al.
Effect of probiotics supplementation on adipokine profile (Visfatin, adiponectin and chemerin), intestinal (citrulline) and thyroid function in japanese quail subjected to heat stress; In this study, we aimed to determine the effect of probiotic supplementation of Lactobacillus reuteri E81 (LRE; 200, 400, 600 mg/kg) to the diets of Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica) reared under heat stress (HS) on serum adipokine (visfatin, adiponectin and chemerin), intestinal (citrulline) and thyroid hormone levels. On day 7 of the trial, the animals were assigned to 8 groups [Control temperature (CT): control (C, without LRE supplementation), LRE-200, LRE-400 and LRE-600 and HS: control (HSC), SLRE-200, SLRE-400 and SLRE-600], each composed of 56 animals of equal body weight. Each group was divided into 4 subgroups withg 14 animals per compartment. During the experiments, the temperature applied to the CT-groups C, LRE-200, LRE-400 and LRE-600 was 25°C and to the HS-groups HSC, SLRE-200, SLRE-400 and SLRE-600 was 37°C. At the end of the study (days 21 and 42), a dose-dependent decrease in citrulline, chemerin, adiponectin, and thyroid hormones and a dose-dependent increase in the visfatin hormone level (p < 0.01) due to LRE supplementation were observed in the HS and CT groups compared to its control. In conclusion, the present study showed that dietary supplementation with 600 mg/kg of LRE affected serum chemerin, adiponectin, T3, T4, TSH and visfatin levels in Japanese quail raised under heat stress (p < 0.001). © Verlag Eugen Ulmer, Stuttgart.
Protective effects of pomegranate in endothelial dysfunction; Background: Punica granatum L. is an infructescence native of occidental Asia and Mediterranean Europe, popularly referred to as pomegranate. It has been used in ethnomedicine for several applications, including the treatment of obesity, inflammation, diabetes, and the regulation of blood lipid parameters. Thus, pomegranate has been linked to the treatment of cardiovascular diseases that have endothelial dysfunction as a common factor acting mainly against oxidative stress due to its high polyphenol content. Its biocomponents have anti-hypertensive, antiatherogenic, antihyperglycemic, and anti-inflammatory properties, which promote cardiovascular protection through the improvement of endothelial function. Methods: Different electronic databases were searched in a non-systematic way to uncover the literature of inter-est. Conclusion: This review article presents updated information on the role of pomegranate in the context of endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular diseases. We have shown that pomegranate, or rather its components (e.g., tannins, flavonoids, phytoestrogens, anthocyanins, alkaloids, etc.), have beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system, improving parameters such as oxidative stress and the enzymatic antioxidant system, reducing reactive oxygen species formation and acting in an anti-inflammatory way. Thus, this review may contribute to a better understanding of pomegranate's beneficial actions on endothelial function and possibly to the development of strategies associated with conventional treatments of cardiovascular diseases. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
The effects of synbiotic supplementation on serum inflammatory markers and edema volume in breast cancer survivors with lymphedema; Breast cancer-related lymphedema (BCRL) is one of the most common complications of breast cancer treatments, which may be exacerbated by obesity. Dysbiosis may negatively impact the management of obesity and lymphedema by increasing inflammation. The objective of this study was to assess the effects of supplementation with synbiotics on inflammatory markers, serum leptin concentration and edema volume in overweight and obese BCRL women following a low-calorie diet (LCD). In a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial, 88 breast cancer survivors with lymphedema were supplemented once a day for 10 weeks with either a synbiotic or a placebo capsule. Both groups were under a low-calorie diet (LCD). At the end of the study, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in leptin (P=0.003) and TNF-α (P=0.039) between the study groups. Besides, edema volume was significantly reduced within the synbiotic group after the intervention. We did not observe any significant effects of the synbiotic supplementation in hs-CRP, and IL-1β between the study groups (P=0.550, P=0.118 respectively). Conclusively, synbiotic supplementation along with an LCD program in breast cancer survivors with lymphedema had beneficial effects on the concentration of serum inflammatory markers and edema volume. © 2020, Leibniz Research Centre for Working Environment and Human Factors. All rights reserved.
Maternal exercise and its beneficial effects on glucose metabolism in offspring; AbstractIt shows that detrimental exposures and conditions in mothers can lead to the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring. This can lead to a vicious cycle of metabolic dysfunction, where rising rates of obesity, pre-diabetes, and diabetes in individuals of reproductive age, propagating risks to subsequent generations. It is well established that regular exercise has important health benefits for people with obesity and type 2 diabetes. Recently, increasing studies aim to examine the effects of maternal exercise on metabolic health in offspring. This review aims to demonstrate the evidence linking maternal exercise during critical periods of development and its implications for glucose metabolism in offspring, including intervention timing, sexual dimorphism, different exercise type, and intensity. Then we further examine the potential role of epigenetic modifications in this process. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Curtailing PCOS; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), characterized by hormonal imbalance and ovarian dysfunction, often starts during adolescence. Inconsistent diagnostic criteria, variable provider knowledge, and lack of consensus pose specific challenges for the care of women with PCOS. These factors encourage inaccurate diagnosis with both under and overdiagnosis. This unfavorable diagnostic experience exasperates affected women and limits timely opportunities for intervention to minimize associated comorbidities, especially during the transition from pediatric to adult care. Recognition of these issues in the care of adolescents and women with PCOS inspired the development of the International Evidence-Based PCOS Guidelines, which emphasize the prevention, screening, and treatment of PCOS across the reproductive lifespan. The Guidelines and accompanying meta-analyses focus on three major categories of associated comorbidities: (1) reproductive; (2) metabolic; and (3) psychological. With the exception of infertility, this article considers common manifestations and comorbidities associated with PCOS throughout the lifecycle. Healthy lifestyle interventions with prevention of excess weight gain comprise the primary intervention for all comorbidities. Hence, early identification of girls “at risk” for PCOS and those with PCOS is a priority. Extensive guidelines for provider and patient education aim to decrease the medical, psychosocial, and economic burdens attributable to PCOS and its associated comorbidities. © 2019, International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Elucidation of the Mechanisms and Molecular Targets of Sanhuang Xiexin Decoction for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Based on Network Pharmacology; Sanhuang Xiexin Decoction (SXD) is commonly used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in clinical practice of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). In order to elucidate the specific analysis mechanisms of SXD for T2DM, the method of network pharmacology was applied to this article. First, the effective ingredients of SXD were obtained and their targets were identified based on the TCMSP database. The T2DM-related targets screened from the GEO database were also collected by comparing the differential expressed genes between T2DM patients and healthy individuals. Then, the common targets in SXD-treated T2DM were obtained by intersecting the putative targets of SXD and the differential expressed genes of T2DM. And the protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was established using the above common targets to screen key genes through protein interactions. Meanwhile, these common targets were used for GO and KEGG analyses to further elucidate how they exert antidiabetic effects. Finally, a gene pathway network was established to capture the core one in common targets enriched in the major pathways to further illustrate the role of specific genes. Based on the data obtained, a total of 67 active compounds and 906 targets of SXD were identified. Four thousand one hundred and seventy-six differentially expressed genes with a P value < 0.005 and |log2fold change|>0.5 were determined between T2DM patients and control groups. After further screening, thirty-seven common targets related to T2DM in SXD were finally identified. Through protein interactions, the top 5 genes (YWHAZ, HNRNPA1, HSPA8, HSP90AA1, and HSPA5) were identified. It was found that the functional annotations of target genes were associated with oxygen levels, protein kinase regulator, mitochondria, and so on. The top 20 pathways including the PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, cancers, HIF-1 signaling pathway, and JAK-STAT signaling pathway were significantly enriched. CDKN1A was shown to be the core gene in the gene-pathway network, and other several genes such as CCND1, ERBB2, RAF1, EGF, and VEGFA were the key genes for SXD against T2DM. Based on the network pharmacology approach, we identified key genes and pathways related to the prognosis and pathogenesis of T2DM and also provided a feasible method for further studying the chemical basis and pharmacology of SXD.  © 2020 Manman Xu et al.
Antidiabetic effects of a lipophilic extract obtained from flowers of wisteria sinensis by activating akt/glut4 and akt/gsk3β; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus is primarily caused by insulin resistance (IR) in insulin-sensitive tissues, including liver, white adipose tissues (WAT), and skeletal muscles. Discovering nutritious foods with antidi-abetic effects is of great significance. Numerous published reports indicated that protein kinase B (Akt) and glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) play crucial roles in ameliorating IR and diabetic symptoms. Objective: In the present study, antidiabetic effects and the potential mechanism of action of WS-PE (a lipophilic extract from edible flowers of Wisteria sinensis) were explored with L6 cells in vitro and in high-fat diet (HFD) + Streptozocin (STZ)-induced diabetic mice in vivo. Design: In vivo, HFD + STZ-induced diabetic mice were used as diabetic models to investigate the potential antidiabetic and antidyslipidemic activities. In vitro, a novel GLUT4 translocation assay system was estab-lished to evaluate the potential effects of WS-PE on GLUT4 translocation. Western blot analysis was adopted to investigate the molecular mechanisms of WS-PE both in vivo and in vitro. Results: In vitro, WS-PE increased glucose uptake by stimulating GLUT4 expression and translocation, which were regulated by Akt phosphorylation. In vivo, the WS-PE treatment ameliorated the hyperglycemia, IR, and dyslipidemia and reversed hepatic steatosis and pancreatic damage in diabetic mice. The WS-PE treatment increased GLUT4 expression by Akt activation in WAT and skeletal muscle. Akt activation stimulated GSK3β phosphorylation in liver and skeletal muscles, indicating that WS-PE showed regulatory effects on glycogen synthesis in liver and skeletal muscles. Conclusion: These in vitro and in vivo results indicated that the WS-PE treatment exerted antidiabetic effects by activating Akt/GLUT4 and Akt/GSK3β. © 2020 Yibing Lv et al.
Umbilical cord-mesenchymal stem cell-conditioned medium improves insulin resistance in c2c12 cell; Background: Umbilical cord-mesenchymal stem cell-conditioned medium (UC-MSC-CM) has emerged as a promising cell-free therapy. The aim of this study was to explore the therapeutic effects of UC-MSC-CM on insulin resistance in C2C12 cell. Methods: Insulin resistance was induced by palmitate. Effects of UC-MSC-CM on insulin resistance were evaluated using glucose uptake, glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) translocation, the insulin-signaling pathway, and mitochondrial contents and functions in C2C12 cell. Results: Glucose uptake was improved by UC-MSC-CM. UC-MSC-CM treatment increased only in membranous GLUT4 expression, not in cytosolic GLUT4 expression. It restored the insulin-signaling pathway in insulin receptor substrate 1 and protein kinase B. Mitochondrial contents evaluated by mitochondrial transcription factor A, mitochondrial DNA copy number, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1-alpha were increased by UC-MSC-CM. In addition, UC-MSC-CM significantly decreased mitochondrial reactive oxygen species and increased fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial membrane potential. There was no improvement in adenosine triphosphate (ATP) contents, but ATP synthesis was improved by UC-MSC-CM. Cytokine and active factor analysis of UC-MSC-CM showed that it contained many regulators inhibiting insulin resistance. Conclusion: UC-MSC-CM improves insulin resistance with multiple mechanisms in C2C12 cell. © 2020 Korean Diabetes Association
The regulatory effect of sirt1 on extracellular microenvironment remodeling; The sirtuins family is well known by its unique nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+)-dependent deacetylase function. The most-investigated member of the family, Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1), accounts for deacetylating a broad range of transcription factors and coregulators, such as p53, the Forkhead box O (FOXO), and so on. It serves as a pivotal regulator in various intracellular biological processes, including energy metabolism, DNA damage response, genome stability maintenance and tumorigenesis. Although the most attention has been focused on its intracellular functions, the regulatory effect on extracellular microenvironment remodeling of SIRT1 has been recognized by researchers recently. SIRT1 can regulate cell secretion process and participate in glucose metabolism, neuroendocrine function, inflammation and tumorigenesis. Here, we review the advances in the understanding of SIRT1 on remodeling the extracellular microenvironment, which may provide new ideas for pathogenesis investigation and guidance for clinical treatment. © The author(s).
The Impact of Psoriasis and Metabolic Syndrome on the Systemic Inflammation and Oxidative Damage to Nucleic Acids; Background. Psoriasis is a chronic systemic inflammatory disease associated with a wide range of comorbidities, including metabolic syndrome (MetS). Serum calprotectin, ANGPTL8, and oxidative damage to nucleic acids might be associated with both diseases. The presented study describes the influence of psoriasis and MetS on the serum levels of markers of systemic inflammation (calprotectin and ANGPTL8) and markers of oxidative damage to nucleic acids. The applicability of serum levels of calprotectin and ANGPTL8 for monitoring of the activity of psoriasis (diagnostic markers) is also evaluated. Methods. Clinical examination (PASI score, MetS), enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), and Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA). Serum calprotectin, ANGPTL8, 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine, 8-hydroxyguanosine, and 8-hydroxyguanine. Results and Conclusions. The psoriasis significantly increased the serum level of calprotectin and the serum level of oxidative damage to nucleic acids, however not the serum level of ANGPTL8. The presence of MetS did not significantly affect the serum levels of calprotectin, ANGPTL8, and oxidative damage to nucleic acids in either psoriasis patients or controls. It seems that the serum level of calprotectin (but not the serum level of ANGPTL8) could be used as a biomarker for monitoring the activity of psoriasis. © 2020 Drahomira Holmannova et al.
Roles of galectin-3 in metabolic disorders and tumor cell metabolism; The galactoside-binding protein galectin-3 is commonly overexpressed by cancer cells and promotes cancer progression and metastasis. Over the past few years, evidence has emerged that galectin-3 is also overexpressed in several metabolic malfunction conditions such as diabetes, obesity and atherosclerosis and is involved in the regulation of the occurrence and development of these diseases. Recently, Galectin-3 expression is shown also to be associated with glycolysis and mitochondrial metabolism in tumors, and promotes tumor metabolic reprogramming for their adaption to the microenvironment stress imposed by oxygen and nutrients deprivation. This brief review summarizes the current understanding of the roles and actions of galectin-3 in these metabolic diseases and in tumor metabolism. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
All disease begins in the (leaky) gut: Role of zonulin-mediated gut permeability in the pathogenesis of some chronic inflammatory diseases; Improved hygiene leading to reduced exposure to microorganisms has been implicated as one possible cause for the recent “epidemic” of chronic inflammatory diseases (CIDs) in industrialized countries. That is the essence of the hygiene hypothesis that argues that rising incidence of CIDs may be, at least in part, the result of lifestyle and environmental changes that have made us too “clean” for our own good, so causing changes in our microbiota. Apart from genetic makeup and exposure to environmental triggers, inappropriate increase in intestinal permeability (which may be influenced by the composition of the gut microbiota), a “hyper-belligerent” immune system responsible for the tolerance-immune response balance, and the composition of gut microbiome and its epigenetic influence on the host genomic expression have been identified as three additional elements in causing CIDs. During the past decade, a growing number of publications have focused on human genetics, the gut microbiome, and proteomics, suggesting that loss of mucosal barrier function, particularly in the gastrointestinal tract, may substantially affect antigen trafficking, ultimately influencing the close bidirectional interaction between gut microbiome and our immune system. This cross-talk is highly influential in shaping the host gut immune system function and ultimately shifting genetic predisposition to clinical outcome. This observation led to a re-visitation of the possible causes of CIDs epidemics, suggesting a key pathogenic role of gut permeability. Pre-clinical and clinical studies have shown that the zonulin family, a group of proteins modulating gut permeability, is implicated in a variety of CIDs, including autoimmune, infective, metabolic, and tumoral diseases. These data offer novel therapeutic targets for a variety of CIDs in which the zonulin pathway is implicated in their pathogenesis. © 2020 Fasano A.
Association of rs11558471 in SLC30A8 gene with interleukin 17 serum levels and insulin resistance in iranian patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: According to genome wide association studies, SLC30A8 is among the loci containing SNPs associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. This gene encodes an islet zinc transporter (ZnT8). Objective: To provide new information on the association of the SNP rs11558471 in SLC30A8 gene with IL-17 levels and insulin resistance in an Iranian population with T2D. Methods: A total of 133 patients with T2D and 128 control subjects were included in this study. Insulin and IL-17 concentrations were determined using ELISA. Insulin and fasting blood glucose levels were employed to determine homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMAIR). PCR-based restriction fragment length polymorphism was performed to determine rs11558471 polymorphism. Results: The risk allele frequency of rs11558471 in studied population was among the highest frequencies in different populations. In T2D patients, compared with the GG genotypes, IL-17 concentrations were significantly higher in the GA+AA group (p=0.042). According to the genotypes of this SNP, IL-17 concentrations, fasting blood glucose and HOMA-IR increased with the following order: GG<GA<AA. A multiple regression revealed that following an adjustment for age and gender, rs11558471 as an independent variable was significantly associated with IL-17 (p=0.039), fasting blood glucose (p=0.003) and HOMA-IR (p=0.042) as the dependent variables. Conclusion: The present study demonstrated for the first time, the genetic association of rs11558471 with IL-17 and glycemic traits in Iranian patients with T2D. The association of rs11558471 with glycemic traits showed that it might be useful for the identification of individuals who are at high risk for the development of T2D. © 2020, Shriaz University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Relevance of the assessment of natriuretic peptide plasma concentrations in hypertensive pregnant women; Assessment of the plasma concentrations of natriuretic peptides (NPs) is widely used to diagnose and evaluate the progression of cardiac failure, and their potential as markers of preeclampsia (PE) has been examined in recent years. It has been established that plasma concentrations of NPs do not change in the course of normal pregnancy. However, elevated levels of these peptides may have a prognostic value in patients with PE. This study presents information about the relevance of NPs assessment in the evaluation of physiological pregnancy, as well as in pregnancy complicated with arterial hypertension. The most commonly examined NPs is the N-terminal fragment of the brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), and it may be prognostic marker of PE and other complications of pregnancy. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Heart disease and stroke statistics—2020 update a report from the American Heart Association; BACKGROUND: The American Heart Association, in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health, annually reports on the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular risk factors, including core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure, valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). METHODS: The American Heart Association, through its Statistics Committee, continuously monitors and evaluates sources of data on heart disease and stroke in the United States to provide the most current information available in the annual Statistical Update. The 2020 Statistical Update is the product of a full year’s worth of effort by dedicated volunteer clinicians and scientists, committed government professionals, and American Heart Association staff members. This year’s edition includes data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population, metrics to assess and monitor healthy diets, an enhanced focus on social determinants of health, a focus on the global burden of cardiovascular disease, and further evidence-based approaches to changing behaviors, implementation strategies, and implications of the American Heart Association’s 2020 Impact Goals. RESULTS: Each of the 26 chapters in the Statistical Update focuses on a different topic related to heart disease and stroke statistics. CONCLUSIONS: The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policy makers, media professionals, clinicians, healthcare administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions. © 2020 American Heart Association, Inc.
Haem oxygenases play a pivotal role in placental physiology and pathology; BACKGROUND: Haem oxygenases (HO) catabolise haem, which is the prosthetic group of numerous haemoproteins. Thus, multiple primary cellular pathways and functions rely on haem availability. HO exists in two isoforms, both expressed in the placenta, namely HO-1 and HO-2, the first being inducible. Haem oxygenases, particularly HO-1, have garnered specific interest in the field of physiological and pathological placental function. These enzymes mediate haem degradation by cleaving the alpha methene bridge to produce biliverdin, which is subsequently converted to bilirubin, carbon monoxide and iron. HO-1 has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities. SEARCH METHODS: An initial literature analysis was performed using PubMed on 3 October 2018 using key terms such as 'haem oxygenase and pregnancy', 'haem oxygenase and placenta', 'HO-1 and pregnancy', 'HO-1 and placenta', 'HO and placenta', 'HO and pregnancy', 'genetic variant and HO', 'CO and pregnancy', 'CO and placenta', 'Bilirubin and pregnancy', 'Iron and pregnancy' and 'PPAR and Haem', selecting consensus conferences, recommendations, meta-analyses, practical recommendations and reviews. A second literature analysis was performed, including notable miscarriages, foetal loss and diabetes mellitus, on 20 December 2019. The three authors studied the publications independently to decipher whether they should be included in the manuscript. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: This review aimed to summarise current pieces of knowledge of haem oxygenase location, function and regulation in the placenta, either in healthy pregnancies or those associated with miscarriages and foetal loss, pre-eclampsia, foetal growth restriction and diabetes mellitus. OUTCOMES: HO-1 exerts some protective effects on the placentation, probably by a combination of factors, including its interrelation with the PGC-1α/PPAR pathway and the sFlt1/PlGF balance, and through its primary metabolites, notably carbon monoxide and bilirubin. Its protective role has been highlighted in numerous pregnancy conditions, including pre-eclampsia, foetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus and miscarriages. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: HO-1 is a crucial enzyme in physiological and pathological placentation. This protective enzyme is currently considered a potential therapeutic target in various pregnancy diseases. © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Maternal irisin level in last trimester isolated intrauterine growth-restriction; Purpose: Intrauterine Growth Restriction (IUGR) is the inability of the fetus to achieve the biologically accessible growth potential. Irisin is a recently discovered adipomyokine with a crucial role in energy metabolism. Our current study aimed to investigate the relationship between the isolated IUGR in the third trimester and maternal serum irisin level. Materials and methods: This prospective case-control study included total 137 pregnant women who were between the 24th and 39th gestational weeks and who applied to the University of Health Sciences, Ankara Zekai Tahir Burak Women's Health Training and Research Center, between 2016 October-2017 May. The Study Group consisted of 68 pregnant women who were diagnosed with Isolated IUGR with Estimated Fetal Weight (EFW) <10th percentile. The Control Group consisted of 69 low-risk uncomplicated pregnant women, matched with the Study Group in terms of gestational week, and with EFW between 10th and 90th percentiles. Demographic data, clinical findings, fetal Doppler parameters, and obstetric-neonatal outcomes were evaluated. Maternal serum irisin levels were measured by ELISA (Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay) Method and compared between the groups. Results: Maternal serum irisin level was found to be significantly lower in IUGR Group as compared to the Control (3.83 ng/ml vs. 4.78 ng/ml, p <.001, respectively). There was a positive correlation between maternal serum irisin level and duration of pregnancy, the weight gain during pregnancy, birth weight, fetal abdominal circumference measurement and cerebroplacental ratio (r = 0.18, p =.03; r = 0.17, p =.04; r = 0.37, p <.001; r = 0.35, p <.001; r = 0.27, p =.001, respectively). Binary Logistic Regression Analysis showed that maternal serum irisin level is an independent estimator of IUGR [OR %95 CI: 8.33 (3.22 − 25.01)]. AUC (Area Under the Curve) analysis of maternal irisin for IUGR estimation was 0.75 (p <.001, 95% CI = 0.67 − 0.82). The optimal cutoff value was below 3.86 ng/ml for maternal irisin level with a sensitivity of 54.41% and a specificity of 88.41%, positive predictive value of 82.22% and negative predictive value of 66.30%. Conclusion: Low level of maternal serum irisin in pregnancies with isolated IUGR was consistent with the role of irisin in metabolic pathways and with the increased risk of metabolic diseases in the future life of IUGR fetuses and their mothers. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Mogroside IIIE alleviates high glucose-induced inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis of podocytes by the activation of AMPK/SIRT1 signaling pathway; Background: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is the leading cause of impaired renal function. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of Mogroside IIIE (MG IIIE), a cucurbitane-type compound isolated from Siraitia grosvenorii, in high glucose (HG)- induced podocytes and the possible mechanisms. Methods: MPC-5 cells were cultured under normal glucose or HG conditions. After treatment with MG IIIE, cell viability was examined using a cell counting kit-8 assay. The contents of inflammatory factors and oxidative stress-related markers were determined using the corresponding kits. Additionally, apoptosis of MPC-5 cells was determined using flow cytometry assay and the levels of apoptosis-associated proteins were evaluated by Western blot analysis. Moreover, the expression of proteins in AMPK/SIRT1 signaling was tested and the compound C, an AMPK inhibitor, was used to study whether the effects of MG IIIE on HG-induced MPC-5 cells were mediated by activation of the AMPK/SIRT1 signaling pathway. Results: MG IIIE elevated the cell viability of HG-induced MPC-5 cells, reduced the concentrations of inflammatory cytokines and decreased the levels of oxidative stress- related markers. What’s more, the apoptosis of podocytes induced by HG was inhibited after MG IIIE intervention, accompanied by the upregulated expression of Bcl-2 and down- regulated expression of Bax, cleaved caspase-3 and cleaved caspase-9. It was also found that MG IIIE could activate the AMPK/SIRT1 signaling, but compound C inhibited this pathway and reversed the inhibitory effects of MG IIIE on inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis in HG-stimulated podocytes. Conclusion: MG IIIE can alleviate HG-induced inflammation and oxidative stress of podocytes by the activation of AMPK-SIRT1 signaling. © 2020 Xue et al.
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes; Purpose of Review: This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. Recent Findings: There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring’s adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Summary: Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Potential roles of chromium on inflammatory biomarkers in diabetes: A Systematic; Diabetes, as a low-grade chronic inflammatory disease, causes disruption in proper function of immune and metabolic system. Chromium is an important element required for normal lipid and glucose metabolism. Chromium deficiency is correlated with elevation in cardiometabolic risk, which results from increased inflammation. This systematic review was conducted to discover the potential roles of chromium on inflammatory biomarkers. Eligible studies were all in vitro, animal and human studies published in English-language journals from inception until October 2018. PubMed, Scopus, Embase, ProQuest and Google Scholar databases were searched to fined interventional studies from the effects of chromium on inflammatory biomarkers such as tumour necrosis factor a (TNF-a), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukins, monocyte chemoattractant protein–1 (MCP-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and adipocytokines in hyperglycaemia and diabetes. Out of 647 articles found in the search, only 14 articles were eligible for analysis, three in vitro studies, eight animal studies and three human studies. Twelve of the 14 studies included in this review, chromium significantly decreased inflammatory factors. The findings of this review indicate, based on in vitro and in vivo studies, that chromium might have potential anti-inflammatory properties, but some of the studies did not show anti-inflammatory effects for chromium (two studies). There are only three studies in humans with controversial results. Therefore, more consistent randomized double-blind controlled trials are needed to reach relevant clinical recommendations, as well as to determine the precise mechanism, of chromium on inflammation in diabetes. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
A mini-review of human studies on cholesterol-lowering properties of probiotics; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the major health issue of modernized society with a high mortality rate. Lifestyle, genetic makeup, and diet are some of the major influencing factors associated with CVD. The dyslipidemia is one such factor related to the development of several CVD. Many studies proved that the consumption of probiotics confers several health benefits. Several studies reported the evaluation of the cholesterol-lowering ability of probiotics (probiotics that showed positive effect in vitro and in vivo studies) in human volunteers. The current review summarizes the outcomes of human studies on the cholesterol-lowering property of probiotics. Probiotic consumption significantly improved the health status of hypercholesteremic patients by reducing the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglyceride levels, and increased the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The probiotic supplementation improved the lipid profile of diabetic patients, and obese people as well. However, not all probiotic interventions are effective against dyslipidemia. The results are controversial and depend on several factors such as probiotic strain, dose, duration of the treatment, lifestyle changes, etc. This literature survey indorses additional studies on the cholesterol-lowering property of probiotics, which could help to reduce the risk of CVD and other dyslipidemia associated health issues. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Silencing of maternal hepatic glucocorticoid receptor is essential for normal fetal development in mice; Excessive or chronic stress can lead to a variety of diseases due to aberrant activation of the glucocorticoid receptor (GR), a ligand activated transcription factor. Pregnancy represents a particular window of sensitivity in which excessive stress can have adverse outcomes, particularly on the developing fetus. Here we show maternal hepatic stress hormone responsiveness is diminished via epigenetic silencing of the glucocorticoid receptor during pregnancy. Provocatively, reinstallation of GR to hepatocytes during pregnancy by adeno-associated viral transduction dysregulates genes involved in proliferation, resulting in impaired pregnancy-induced hepatomegaly. Disruption of the maternal hepatic adaptation to pregnancy results in in utero growth restriction (IUGR). These data demonstrate pregnancy antagonizes the liver-specific effects of stress hormone signaling in the maternal compartment to ultimately support the healthy development of embryos. © 2019, This is a U.S. government work and not under copyright protection in the U.S.; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Plasmodium Infection Induces Dyslipidemia and a Hepatic Lipogenic State in the Host through the Inhibition of the AMPK-ACC Pathway; Malaria is a major parasitic disease of humans and is a health public problem that affects more than 100 countries. In 2017, it caused nearly half a million deaths out of 219 million infections. Malaria is caused by the protozoan parasites of the genus Plasmodium and is transmitted by female mosquitoes of the genus Anopheles. Once in the bloodstream, Plasmodium merozoites invade erythrocytes and proliferate until the cells lyses and release new parasites that invade other erythrocytes. Remarkably, they can manipulate the vertebrate host’s lipid metabolism pathways, since they cannot synthesize lipid classes that are essential for their development and replication. In this study, we show that mice infected with Plasmodium chabaudi present a completely different plasma profile from control mice, with marked hyperproteinemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypoglycemia, and hypocholesterolemia. In addition, white adipose and hepatic tissue and analyses from infected animals revealed the accumulation of triacylglycerol in both tissues and free fatty acids and free cholesterol in the liver. Hepatic mRNA and protein expression of key enzymes and transcription factors involved in lipid metabolism were also altered by P. chabaudi infection, leading to a lipogenic state. The enzyme 5′ AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a master regulator of cell energetic metabolism, was also modulated by the parasite, which reduced AMPK phosphorylation levels upon infection. Pretreatment with metformin for 21 days followed by infection with P. chabaudi was effective in preventing infection of mice and also lowered the hepatic accumulation of lipids while activating AMPK. Together, these results provide new and important information on the specific molecular mechanisms induced by the malaria parasite to regulate hepatic lipid metabolism in order to facilitate its development, proliferation, and lifespan in its vertebrate host. © 2019, The Author(s).
Epigenetic Programming and Fetal Metabolic Programming; Fetal metabolic programming caused by the adverse intrauterine environment can induce metabolic syndrome in adult offspring. Adverse intrauterine environment introduces fetal long-term relatively irreversible changes in organs and metabolism, and thus causes fetal metabolic programming leading metabolic syndrome in adult offspring. Fetal metabolic programming of obesity and insulin resistance plays a key role in this process. The mechanism of fetal metabolic programming is still not very clear. It is suggested that epigenetic programming, also induced by the adverse intrauterine environment, is a critical underlying mechanism of fetal metabolic programming. Fetal epigenetic programming affects gene expression changes and cellular function through epigenetic modifications without DNA nucleotide sequence changes. Epigenetic modifications can be relatively stably retained and transmitted through mitosis and generations, and thereby induce the development of metabolic syndrome in adult offspring. This manuscript provides an overview of the critical role of epigenetic programming in fetal metabolic programming. © Copyright © 2019 Zhu, Cao and Li.
Atg7 Knockdown Reduces Chemerin Secretion in Murine Adipocytes; Context: In individuals with obesity, adipocyte endocrine function is affected by altered autophagy. Genetic variants in autophagy-related gene 7 (ATG7) correlated with serum chemerin (RARRES2) concentrations. Objectives: To investigate a functional interplay between chemerin and ATG7, how it may relate to autophagy-mediated adipocyte dysfunction in obesity, and the relevance of genetic ATG7 variants in chemerin physiology. Design: Adipose ATG7 mRNA expression and adiposity measures were available in two human study cohorts. The effect of a high-calorie diet on adipose Rarres2 and Atg7 expression was investigated in mice. In 3T3-L1 adipocytes, the effect of Atg7 knockdown on chemerin expression and secretion was studied. The influence of single nucleotide polymorphisms on ATG7 transcription and chemerin physiology was investigated using a luciferase assay. Setting: Mouse model, clinical trials, in vitro studies. Participants: Native American (n = 83) and white (n = 100) cohorts. Main outcome measure: Adipocyte chemerin expression and secretion. Results: In mice fed a high-calorie diet, adipose Atg7 mRNA expression did not parallel an increase in Rarres2 mRNA expression. ATG7 mRNA expression in human subcutaneous adipose tissue correlated with body mass index, fat mass (r > 0.27; P < 0.01), and adipocyte cell size (r > 0.24; P < 0.02). Atg7 knockdown in 3T3-L1 adipocytes decreased chemerin secretion by 22% (P < 0.04). Rs2606729 in ATG7 was predicted to alter ATG7 transcription and induced higher luciferase activity in vitro (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Human adipose ATG7 mRNA expression relates to measures of adiposity. Atg7 knockdown reduces chemerin secretion from adipocytes in vitro, supportive of a functional interplay between ATG7 and chemerin in autophagy-mediated adipocyte dysfunction. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Therapy to Obese Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: How Far Will We Go Down the Wrong Road?; Traditional glucose-lowering chemical agents, including various types of insulin and insulin secretagogues, insulin sensitizers, gliptins, etc., are based on diabetic pathogenesis of insulin resistance (IR) and islet insufficiency. Numerous evidence-based medical studies have shown that these traditional hypoglycemic chemical agents do not provide cardiovascular benefit to patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and may even increase the risk of all-cause mortality. Based on research evidence published to date, these studies show that overload of energy could increase the incidence and prevalence of T2DM, and reduction in the heat load can significantly reduce the incidence of T2DM. Therefore, the essence of T2DM is heat overload, meaning heat overload is the etiology of obese T2DM. At the same time, results of numerous studies show that heat overloading is the cause of IR. IR and islet dysfunction are protective factors in intervening with heat overload. These drugs, which are based on the mechanisms of IR and islet insufficiency, increase caloric reserve and cause or worsen obesity, which is equivalent to exacerbating the basic etiology and the cardiovascular risk factor of T2DM. Thus, a reasonable strategy for prevention and treatment of obese T2DM appears to promote the negative balance of calories and the elimination of caloric reserves. Chinese herbal medicines can promote negative balance of heat in many aspects, which can bring new hope for prevention and treatment of T2DM. © 2018, The Chinese Journal of Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine Press and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
NAFLD in Women: Unique Pathways, Biomarkers, and Therapeutic Opportunities; Purpose of review: In this review article, we evaluate sex differences in the natural history of NAFLD and highlight distinct risk profiles of women with NAFLD, as well as unique treatment considerations and research gaps. Summary of Findings: Reproductive factors, such as menopausal status, should be considered when evaluating NAFLD risk in women, as well as additional reproductive risk factors such as age at menarche, presence of polycystic ovary syndrome, and gestational diabetes. Women do appear to have lower risk for hepatocellular carcinoma from NASH, as well as lower mortality from NASH cirrhosis than men, although among women, NASH is now the leading indication for liver transplant. Data on sex differences in biomarker development and clinical trials are lacking, and researchers should be encouraged to evaluate biomarker performance by sex, and specifically report clinical trial endpoints in women. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2019.
The study of malondialdehyde, uric acid, and C-reactive protein in obese and healthy pregnant women in different trimesters; Pregnancy or gestation is a complex period of human growth and development. It is a physiological process associated with the development of maternal pathologies, such as metabolic disorders (i.e. maternal obesity and hypercholesterolemia), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus. Obesity is a worldwide epidemic, it is considered a most common medical condition in women of reproductive age, during pregnancy has short term and long term adverse consequences for both mother and child, it is caused insulin resistance. There area closes relationship between the obesity, OS, antioxidants and inflammation. The aim of this study was the assessment to oxidative stress factor changes, uric acid and CRP in obese pregnant women in Misan province.The study included (60) obese pregnant women, aged (25 -35) years. The study conducted duringNovember2018to February 2019. Diagnosed parameters done using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and mind ray (BS -230). Our results reveledalmostparameters increased during pregnancy, highestincrease in the third trimesters, it is increased significantly (p ≤0.05) in comparison with the first and second trimesters. Results of current study showed clearly the following conclusion in obese pregnant women all parameters in our study elevatedduringtrimesters. © Annals of Tropical Medicine & Public Health S240
Weight loss interventions for Hispanic women in the USA: A protocol for a systematic review; Background: In the U.S., Hispanic women experience a disproportionate rate of obesity and obesity-related chronic diseases. At the same time, Hispanic women remain considerably underrepresented in behavioral weight loss interventions. The purpose of this review is to systematically evaluate the evidence related to the effectiveness of weight loss interventions among Hispanic women in the U.S. This review will identify elements of successful weight loss interventions as well as areas for future research. Methods/Design: The following databases will be searched to identify all relevant articles (from inception onwards): PubMed, Embase, Scopus, Web of Science (Science Citation Index and Social Sciences Citation Index), PsycINFO, CINAHL, Chicano Database, SPORTDiscus, CAB Abstracts, and Google Scholar. We will include randomized controlled trials and quasi-experimental studies of adult women (> 18 years) from Hispanic/Latino background living in the United States. Eligible interventions will target weight-related behaviors (including diet, physical activity, behavior modification and/or their combinations). The review's primary outcome will be weight change (expressed as change in lbs/kg or body mass index (BMI) (kg/m2)). Three reviewers will independently screen and select data and two will extract data. The methodological quality (or risk of bias) of individual studies will be appraised using the Effective Public Health Practice Project Quality Assessment Tool. A narrative synthesis will describe quality and content of the evidence. Discussion: The aim of this systematic review is to critically examine existing weight loss interventions for Hispanic women in the U.S. and provide quality evidence for the effectiveness of these interventions on weight loss. Further, this review seeks to identify characteristics of effective interventions and suggest future directions for research efforts targeting weight loss in this population. This review will inform the development of future weight loss interventions for this population. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42019119094 © 2019 The Author(s).
New advances in analytical methods for mass spectrometry-based large-scale metabolomics study; Large-scale metabolomics study based on large population cohorts is increasingly applied to identify important metabolites or critical metabolic alterations related to the metabolite perturbation in disease states or under interventions and to investigate metabolic difference and stimuli response in genetically different individuals. Mass spectrometry (MS) coupled with different chromatographic methods, is suitable for large-scale metabolomics study due to its high sensitivity and selectivity, wide dynamic range, and rich information. However, there are still a series of challenges for really realizing large-scale metabolomics applications. Hence, in this review, we mainly focused on new advances in sample pretreatment methods, nontargeted, targeted and pseudotargeted metabolic data collection techniques, and data correction methods used for MS-based large-scale metabolomics study. Typical applications of MS-based large-scale metabolomics methods in molecular epidemiology, precision medicine, and genome-wide association studies with metabolomics (mGWAS) are also given. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
RSSDI consensus recommendations on insulin therapy in the management of diabetes; The Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India (RSSDI) has regularly updated its Clinical Practice Guidelines on various aspects of diabetes. The pharmacotherapeutic management of diabetes involves a plethora of agents targeting different aetiopathogenic mechanisms administered orally or via injections as well as insulin. While most people with type 1 diabetes need complete insulin replacement therapy with multiple-daily subcutaneous injections of insulin or a continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion pump, patients with type 2 diabetes may also need insulin as and when needed, especially owing to the declining beta cell function due to the progressive nature of their diabetes. To date, various insulin regimens including basal-bolus, split-mixed, premix, and prandial therapy are available which can be individualized based on the patient profile though their prescription is often perceived as complex for management of diabetes, forming a major barrier in the acceptability of insulin. In order to provide physicians with a simple guidance on different aspects of insulin use including choosing the right insulin and regime to match the individual patient, the RSSDI for the first time has formulated this guideline on insulin therapy using simple algorithms for insulin initiation as well as titrations based on a systematic literature search of new clinical evidences on all aspects of insulin use. Insulin therapy is hereby proposed as easy to initiate and maintain, efficacious, and a safer option which when administered appropriately can almost mimic physiological insulin secretion in diabetic patients and help them achieve target glucose control and minimize complications while improving their quality of life. © 2019, Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Guidelines on standard and therapeutic diets in hospitals; Aim: Hospital food is subject to multiple constraints (meal production, organisation, health safety, environmental respect) that influence the meal tray offered to the patient. Multiple diets can add complexity and contribute to non-consumption of the meal. To avoid undernutrition, it appeared necessary to propose guidelines for foods and diets in hospitals. Methods: These guidelines were developed using the Delphi method, as recommended by the HAS (French Authority of Health), based on a formal consensus of experts and led by a group of practitioners and dietitians from AFDN (French dietitian association) and SFNCM (French Society of Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism). Results: Twenty-three recommendations were considered appropriate and validated by a panel of 50 national experts, following 3 rounds of consultation, modifications and arguments. Recommendations aim to define in adults: 1/vocabulary related to food and diets in hospitals, 2/quantitative and qualitative food propositions, 3/nutritional prescription, 4/diet patterns and patient adaptations, 5/limiting restrictions to reduce unnecessary diets and without scientific evidence, 6/emphasizing the place of enriched and adapted diet for at risk and malnourished patients. Conclusion: These guidelines will enable catering services and health-care teams, to rationalise hospital food and therapeutic food prescriptions, in order to focus on individual needs and tasty foods. © 2019 Société francophone nutrition clinique et métabolisme (SFNCM)
Dietary Patterns Emphasizing the Consumption of Plant Foods in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes: A Narrative Review; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing worldwide. This complex and multifactorial metabolic condition affects both the quality and expectancy of life in adults. Therefore, appropriate lifestyle strategies are needed in order to reduce the burden of T2D. Dietary patterns characterized by a high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, and seeds, and a minimal consumption of animal products, have been suggested as a dietary approach to prevent and control T2D and related micro- and macrovascular complications. This narrative review summarizes epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence on the role of the most widely studied dietary patterns that emphasize the consumption of plant foods [vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean, and DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diets] in the management of T2D and its complications. Furthermore, their potential underlying mechanisms are discussed. Dietary patterns emphasizing the consumption of plant foods appear to confer beneficial effects on glycemic control in different diabetic populations. Several components of these dietary patterns might confer benefits on glycemia and counterbalance the detrimental effects of animal-based foods. The limited evidence on T2D-related complications makes it difficult to draw solid conclusions. © The Author(s) 2019.
Impact of pregravid obesity on maternal and fetal immunity: Fertile grounds for reprogramming; Maternal pregravid obesity results in several adverse health outcomes during pregnancy, including increased risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placental abruption, and complications at delivery. Additionally, pregravid obesity and in utero exposure to high fat diet have been shown to have detrimental effects on fetal programming, predisposing the offspring to adverse cardiometabolic, endocrine, and neurodevelopmental outcomes. More recently, a deeper appreciation for the modulation of offspring immunity and infectious disease-related outcomes by maternal pregravid obesity has emerged. This review will describe currently available animal models for studying the impact of maternal pregravid obesity on fetal immunity and review the data from clinical and animal model studies. We also examine the burden of pregravid obesity on the maternal–fetal interface and the link between placental and systemic inflammation. Finally, we discuss future studies needed to identify key mechanistic underpinnings that link maternal inflammatory changes and fetal cellular reprogramming events. ©2019 Society for Leukocyte Biology
Metformin in colorectal cancer: molecular mechanism, preclinical and clinical aspects; Growing evidence showed the increased prevalence of cancer incidents, particularly colorectal cancer, among type 2 diabetic mellitus patients. Antidiabetic medications such as, insulin, sulfonylureas, dipeptyl peptidase (DPP) 4 inhibitors and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GLP-1) analogues increased the additional risk of different cancers to diabetic patients. Conversely, metformin has drawn attention among physicians and researchers since its use as antidiabetic drug exhibited beneficial effect in the prevention and treatment of cancer in diabetic patients as well as an independent anticancer drug. This review aims to provide the comprehensive information on the use of metformin at preclinical and clinical stages among colorectal cancer patients. We highlight the efficacy of metformin as an anti-proliferative, chemopreventive, apoptosis inducing agent, adjuvant, and radio-chemosensitizer in various colorectal cancer models. This multifarious effects of metformin is largely attributed to its capability in modulating upstream and downstream molecular targets involved in apoptosis, autophagy, cell cycle, oxidative stress, inflammation, metabolic homeostasis, and epigenetic regulation. Moreover, the review highlights metformin intake and colorectal cancer risk based on different clinical and epidemiologic results from different gender and specific population background among diabetic and non-diabetic patients. The improved understanding of metformin as a potential chemotherapeutic drug or as neo-adjuvant will provide better information for it to be used globally as an affordable, well-tolerated, and effective anticancer agent for colorectal cancer. © 2019 The Author(s).
Organophosphorus pesticides can influence the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes with concomitant metabolic changes; Widespread use and the bioaccumulation of pesticides in the environment lead to the contamination of air, water, soil and agricultural resources. A huge body of evidence points to the association between the pesticide exposure and increase in the incidence of chronic diseases, e.g. cancer, birth defects, reproductive disorders, neurodegenerative, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, developmental disorders, metabolic disorders, chronic renal disorders or autoimmune diseases. Organophosphorus compounds are among the most widely used pesticides. A growing body of evidence is suggesting the potential interdependence between the organophosphorus pesticides (OPs) exposure and risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This article reviews the current literature to highlight the latest in vitro and in vivo evidences on the possible influence of OPs on obesity and T2DM development, as well as epidemiological evidence for the metabolic toxicity of OPs in humans. The article also draws attention to the influence of maternal OPs exposure on offspring. Summarized studies suggest that OPs exposure is associated with metabolic changes linked with obesity and T2DM indicated that such exposures may increase risk or vulnerability to other contributory components. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Molecular cloning, characterisation, and expression analysis of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein gene in Xupu goose (Anser cygnoides domesticus); 1. Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (A-FABP) plays a key role in fatty acid uptake and intracellular transport. The objective of the present study was to identify and characterise the A-FABP gene in Xupu goose. 2. The full-length cDNA of goose A-FABP gene was cloned from the liver tissue using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE). The distribution of the goose A-FABP in different tissues was determined by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). 3. The results showed that the full-length cDNA sequence of goose A-FABP was 657 bp, containing a 5ʹ-UTR of 52 bp, a 3ʹ-UTR of 206 bp and an open reading frame (ORF) of 399 bp, which encoded a polypeptide of 132 amino acids (AA). 4. The AA sequence of goose A-FABP showed 76.52%, 75.00%, 93.18% and 99.24% identities with previously described homologues from humans (Homo sapiens), mouse (Mus musculus), chicken (Gallus gallus), and duck (Anas platyrhynchos), respectively, and phylogenetic analysis revealed a close relationship among them. The transcript of Xupu goose A-FABP was ubiquitously expressed in all tested tissues, and showed a high-level expression in abdominal fat, sebum and liver. 5. A significant positive correlation was identified between A-FABP mRNA abundance in the three adipose tissues and liver weight, ratio of liver to body weight, TG content, and VLDL concentration in the plasma of Xupu goose. A significant negative correlation was observed between the mRNA level of A-FABP and HDL concentration in the plasma of Xupu goose. 6. These findings provide a foundation for further research on the function and mechanism of A-FABP in the fat deposition process. © 2019, © 2019 British Poultry Science Ltd.
Effects of first-generation in utero exposure to diesel engine exhaust on second-generation placental function, fatty acid profiles and foetal metabolism in rabbits: preliminary results; Atmospheric pollution has major health effects on directly exposed subjects but intergenerational consequences are poorly characterized. We previously reported that diesel engine exhaust (DE) could lead to structural changes in the placenta of in utero exposed rabbits (first generation, F1). The effects of maternal exposure to DE were further studied on second-generation (F2) rabbits. Pregnant F0 females were exposed to filtered, diluted DE (1 mg/m3, median particle diameter: 69 nm) or clean filtered air (controls) for 2 h/day, 5 days/week by nose-only exposure during days 3–27 post-conception (dpc). Adult female offspring (F1) were mated to control males: F1 tissues and F2 foeto-placental units were collected at 28 dpc and placental structure and gene expression (microarray) analysed. Fatty acid profiles were determined in foetal and maternal plasma, maternal liver and placenta. In F1, compared to controls, hepatic neutral lipid contents were increased in exposed animals without change in the blood biochemistry. In F2, the placental lipid contents were higher, with higher monounsaturated fatty acids and reduced pro-inflammatory arachidonic acid (AA), without placental structural changes. Conversely, the proportion of anti-inflammatory n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in F2 plasma was increased while that of AA was decreased. Gene set enrichment analyses (GSEA) of F2 placenta transcriptomic data identified that the proteasome complex and ubiquitin pathways genes were over-represented and ion channel function and inflammation pathways genes were under-represented in exposed animals. These preliminary results demonstrate that diesel engine exhaust exposure and in utero indirect exposure should be considered as a programming factor within the context of the DOHaD (Developmental Origins of Health and Disease) with a probable intergenerational transmission. © 2019, The Author(s).
Histology and molecular biology studies on the expression and localization of angiopoietin-like protein 8 in human tissues; Angiopoietin-like protein (ANGPTL) 8 regulates the partitioning of triglycerides by inhibiting lipoprotein lipase in muscle and adipose tissues. ANGPTL8 is expressed in the liver and adipose tissue and secreted into the blood. However, the precise localization of ANGPTL8-expressing cells in these tissues remains unknown. The aim of the present study was to investigate the localization of ANGPTL8-expressing cells in human tissues. Using formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded human tissue specimens, the expression of ANGPTL8 was investigated by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR), immunohistochemistry (IHC) and in situ hybridization (ISH). The expression level of ANGPTL8 mRNA was the highest in the liver, followed by lipoma, hibernoma and normal adipose tissue. In the liver, wild type (KF809856) and two splice variants of ANGPTL8 mRNA (KF809857 and KF809858) were found to be expressed. The expression level of the splice variant KF809858, which produces a short form of ANGPTL8, accounted for <1% of ANGPTL8 in the liver. IHC revealed that ANGPTL8 was expressed in hepatocytes in zone 1 of the hepatic acinus in the liver. In the adipose tissue, mature adipocytes weakly expressed ANGPTL8, while immature adipocytes strongly expressed it. ISH confirmed ANGPTL8 mRNA expression in portal hepatocytes and immature adipocytes. ANGPTL8 was expressed in the cells, which actively uptake and metabolize triglycerides. In hibernoma, the ANGPTL8 protein and mRNA were homogeneously expressed in tumor cells. The expression of ANGPTL8 was associated with the differentiation state and activity of lipid metabolism in a subpopulation of cells in the liver and adipose tissue. The association may be helpful for the understanding of local metabolic state in organs and diseases associated with the lipid metabolism. © 2019, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Selenium and iodine in diabetes mellitus with a focus on the interplay and speciation of the elements; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease caused by insulin deficiency (type I) or dysfunction (type II). Diabetes is a threatening public health concern. It is considered as one of the priority non-communicable diseases, due to its high and increasing incidence, the associated healthcare costs, and threatening medical complications. Two trace elements selenium (Se) and iodine (I) were intensively discussed in the context of diabetic pathology and, possibly, etiology. It seems there is a multilayer involvement of these essential nutrients in glucose tolerance, energy metabolism, insulin signaling and resistance, which are mainly related to the antioxidant selenoenzymes and the thyroid hormones. Other factors might be related to (auto)immunity, protection against endoplasmic reticulum stress, and leptin signaling. The aim of the current review is to evaluate the current understanding of the role of selenium and iodine in diabetes with a focus on the biochemical interplay between the elements, their possible role as biomarkers, and their chemical speciation. Possible impacts from novel analytical techniques related to trace element speciation and isotopic analysis are outlined. © 2019 Elsevier GmbH
Maternal Eicosapentaenoic Acid Feeding Decreases Placental Lipid Deposition and Improves the Homeostasis of Oxidative Stress Through a Sirtuin-1 (SIRT1) Independent Manner; Scope: Maternal obesity has been associated with increased placental lipotoxicity and impaired mitochondrial function. Sirtuin-1 (SIRT1) is an important regulator of both lipid metabolism and mitochondrial biogenesis. The present study aims to determine whether supplementation of the maternal diet with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) can decrease placental lipid deposition and improve antioxidant ability, in a SIRT1-dependent manner. Methods and results: Pregnant SIRT1+/− mice (mated with male SIRT1+/−) are fed a high-fat diet consisting of 60% of the kcal from fat, or an equienergy EPA diet for 18.5 d. Supplementation with EPA significantly changes maternal plasma, placental and fetal fatty acid composition, and decreases placental and fetal lipid content. In addition, placental antioxidant capacity and lipid peroxidation products are increased, placental uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) and PPARγ coactivator-1 α (PGC1α) expression are activated, and mitochondrial swelling decreases. While SIRT1 deficiency has little effect on placental fatty acid composition and lipid content, decreased fetal lipid deposition is observed, placental PGC1α expression decreases, mitochondrial swelling increases, and placental total superoxide dismutase (T-SOD) activity increases. Both EPA and SIRT1 have no effect on BODIPY-FL-C16 uptake. Interestingly, there is no significant interaction between diet and genotype. Conclusion: Maternal EPA feeding decreases placental lipid deposition and improves placental oxidative stress homeostasis independent of SIRT1. © 2019 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and metabolic properties of tocopherols and tocotrienols: Clinical implications for vitamin E supplementation in diabetic kidney disease; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder characterized by the development of vascular complications associated with high morbidity and mortality and the consequent relevant costs for the public health systems. Diabetic kidney disease is one of these complications that represent the main cause of end-stage renal disease in Western countries. Hyperglycemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress contribute to its physiopathology, and several investigations have been performed to evaluate the role of antioxidant supplementation as a complementary approach for the prevention and control of diabetes and associated disturbances. Vitamin E compounds, including different types of tocopherols and tocotrienols, have been considered as a treatment to tackle major cardiovascular outcomes in diabetic subjects, but often with conflicting or even negative results. However, their effects on diabetic nephropathy are even less clear, despite several intervention studies that showed the improvement of renal parameters after supplementation in patients with diabetic kidney disease. Then we performed a review of the literature about the role of vitamin E supplementation on diabetic nephropathy, also describing the underlying antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and metabolic mechanisms to evaluate the possible use of tocopherols and tocotrienols in clinical practice. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2: The story continues; Inflammation is thought to play an important role in the pathogenesis of vascular diseases. Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) mediates vascular inflammation through the regulation of lipid metabolism in blood, thus, it has been extensively investigated to identify its role in vascular inflammation-related diseases, mainly atherosclerosis. Although darapladib, the most advanced Lp-PLA2 inhibitor, failed to meet the primary endpoints of two large phase III trials in atherosclerosis patients cotreated with standard medical care, the research on Lp-PLA2 has not been terminated. Novel pathogenic, epidemiologic, genetic, and crystallographic studies regarding Lp-PLA2 have been reported recently, while novel inhibitors were identified through a fragment-based lead discovery strategy. More strikingly, recent clinical and preclinical studies revealed that Lp-PLA2 inhibition showed promising therapeutic effects in diabetic macular edema and Alzheimer's disease. In this review, we not only summarized the knowledge of Lp-PLA2 established in the past decades but also emphasized new findings in recent years. We hope this review could be valuable for helping researchers acquire a much deeper insight into the nature of Lp-PLA2, identify more potent and selective Lp-PLA2 inhibitors, and discover the potential indications of Lp-PLA2 inhibitors. © 2019 The Authors. Medicinal Research Reviews Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
A review of the putative causal mechanisms associated with lower macular pigment in diabetes mellitus; Macular pigment (MP) confers potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects at the macula, and may therefore protect retinal tissue from the oxidative stress and inflammation associated with ocular disease and ageing. There is a body of evidence implicating oxidative damage and inflammation as underlying pathological processes in diabetic retinopathy. MP has therefore become a focus of research in diabetes, with recent evidence suggesting that individuals with diabetes, particularly type 2 diabetes, have lower MP relative to healthy controls. The present review explores the currently available evidence to illuminate the metabolic perturbations that may possibly be involved in MP's depletion. Metabolic co-morbidities commonly associated with type 2 diabetes, such as overweight/obesity, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance, may have related and independent relationships with MP. Increased adiposity and dyslipidaemia may adversely affect MP by compromising the availability, transport and assimilation of these dietary carotenoids in the retina. Furthermore, carotenoid intake may be compromised by the dietary deficiencies characteristic of type 2 diabetes, thereby further compromising redox homeostasis. Candidate causal mechanisms to explain the lower MP levels reported in diabetes include increased oxidative stress, inflammation, hyperglycaemia, insulin resistance, overweight/obesity and dyslipidaemia; factors that may negatively affect redox status, and the availability, transport and stabilisation of carotenoids in the retina. Further study in diabetic populations is warranted to fully elucidate these relationships. © © The Authors 2019 .
Identification of diagnostic biomarkers in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus based on transcriptome gene expression and methylation correlation analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a high prevalence in the period of pregnancy. However, the lack of gold standards in current screening and diagnostic methods posed the biggest limitation. Regulation of gene expression caused by DNA methylation plays an important role in metabolic diseases. In this study, we aimed to screen GDM diagnostic markers, and establish a diagnostic model for predicting GDM. Methods: First, we acquired data of DNA methylation and gene expression in GDM samples (N = 41) and normal samples (N = 41) from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database. After pre-processing the data, linear models were used to identify differentially expressed genes (DEGs). Then we performed pathway enrichment analysis to extract relationships among genes from pathways, construct pathway networks, and further analyzed the relationship between gene expression and methylation of promoter regions. We screened for genes which are significantly negatively correlated with methylation and established mRNA-mRNA-CpGs network. The network topology was further analyzed to screen hub genes which were recognized as robust GDM biomarkers. Finally, the samples were randomly divided into training set (N = 28) and internal verification set (N = 27), and the support vector machine (SVM) ten-fold cross-validation method was used to establish a diagnostic classifier, which verified on internal and external data sets. Results: In this study, we identified 465 significant DEGs. Functional enrichment analysis revealed that these genes were associated with Type I diabetes mellitus and immunization. And we constructed an interactional network including 1091 genes by using the regulatory relationships of all 30 enriched pathways. 184 epigenetics regulated genes were screened by analyzing the relationship between gene expression and promoter regions' methylation in the network. Moreover, the accuracy rate in the training data set was increased up to 96.3, and 82.1% in the internal validation set, and 97.3% in external validation data sets after establishing diagnostic classifiers which were performed by analyzing the gene expression profiles of obtained 10 hub genes from this network, combined with SVM. Conclusions: This study provided new features for the diagnosis of GDM and may contribute to the diagnosis and personalized treatment of GDM. © 2019 The Author(s).
Circulating exosomal miRNAs: clinical significance in human cancers; Introduction: The identification of novel noninvasive biomarkers to ameliorate early-diagnosis, and disease prognosis, as well as to support personalized treatment and monitoring decisions is of first clinical priority for cancer patients’ care. Exosomes are natural endosome-derived extracellular vesicles that have emerged as crucial mediators of intercellular communication and tumor progression. Considering that deregulated miRNA levels have been described in numerous human malignancies and that tumor-derived exosomes reflect miRNA expression of donor tumor cells, the evaluation of exosome-derived circulating miRNAs (exomiRs) may offer a new promising class of noninvasive molecular markers to improve patients’ management and quality-of-life. Areas covered: In the current review we have summarized the existing knowledge on the clinical relevance of circulating exosomal miRNAs in improving cancer diagnosis and prognosis, and thus supporting personalized patients’ management Expert commentary: Cancer research has highlighted the abundance of exomiRs in patients’ plasma and serum samples, as well as their biomarker capabilities in the vast majority of human malignancies studied so far. Their analytical stability constitutes exomiRs ideal molecular markers to overcome numerous limitations of cancer clinical management, while future large-scale studies should unveil exomiRs translational utility in modern cancer molecular diagnostics. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Metabolic Messengers: ceramides; Ceramides are products of metabolism that accumulate in individuals with obesity or dyslipidaemia and alter cellular processes in response to fuel surplus. Their actions, when prolonged, elicit the tissue dysfunction that underlies diabetes and heart disease. Here, we review the history of research on these enigmatic molecules, exploring their discovery and mechanisms of action, the evolutionary pressures that have given them their unique attributes and the potential of ceramide-reduction therapies as treatments for cardiometabolic disease. © 2019, Springer Nature Limited.
Ratio of Conjugated Chenodeoxycholic to Muricholic Acids is Associated with Severity of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis; Objective: Bile acids (BAs) are important molecules in the progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. This study aimed to investigate BA profile alterations in Chinese nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) patients. Methods: BA profiles in serum and liver tissues were determined by ultraperformance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry in patients from two different clinical centers. Results: A total of 134 participants were enrolled in this study to serve as the training (n = 87) and validation (n = 47) cohorts. The ratio of circulating conjugated chenodeoxycholic acids to muricholic acids (P = 0.001) was elevated from healthy controls to non-NASH individuals to NASH individuals in a stepwise manner in the training cohort and was positively associated with the histological severity of NASH: steatosis (R2 = 0.12), lobular inflammation (R2 = 0.12), ballooning (R2 = 0.11), and fibrosis stage (R2 = 0.18). The ratio was elevated in the validation cohort of NASH patients (P < 0.001), and it was able to predict NASH (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve: 75%) and significant fibrosis (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve: 71%) in these two cohorts. Moreover, this elevated ratio and impaired farnesoid X receptor signaling were found in the NASH liver. Conclusions: Altered BA profile in NASH is closely associated with the severity of liver lesions, and it has the potential for predicting NASH development. © 2019 The Obesity Society
A clinical research study on the respective relationships between visfatin and human fetuin A and pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim was to determine the role of visfatin (VF) and human fetuin A (AHSG) in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to explore the association between these variables and adverse outcomes. Materials and methods: We carried out our study on 68 cases of GDM pregnant women and 42 cases of healthy pregnant women, including 56 cases with diet control and 12 cases with insulin treatment. Enzyme-linked immunoassay (ELISA) was used to test the expression levels of VF and AHSG in maternal and umbilical cord serum. Immunohistochemistry (ICH) was used to test the expression level of the VF protein in placental tissue. Results: The expression levels of VF and AHSG in maternal and umbilical cord serum and the expression level of VF in placental tissue in GDM pregnant women were higher than those in healthy pregnant women. The incidence of adverse outcomes in the GDM pregnant women was higher than that in healthy pregnant women, and these differences were statistically significant (P < 0.05). Those who had higher expression levels of VF or AHSG had a higher incidence of adverse outcomes (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The expression of VF and AHSG may participate in the development of GDM. A test of VF and AHSG in GDM pregnant women may have some predictive value for the occurrence of adverse outcomes. © 2019
Developmental origins of type 2 diabetes: Focus on epigenetics; Traditionally, genetics and lifestyle are considered as main determinants of aging-associated pathological conditions. Accumulating evidence, however, suggests that risk of many age-related diseases is not only determined by genetic and adult lifestyle factors but also by factors acting during early development. Type 2 diabetes (T2D), an age-related disease generally manifested after the age of 40, is among such disorders. Since several age-related conditions, such as pro-inflammatory states, are characteristic of both T2D and aging, this disease is conceptualized by many authors as a kind of premature or accelerated aging. There is substantial evidence that intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), induced by poor or unbalanced nutrient intake, exposure to xenobiotics, maternal substance abuse etc., may impair fetal development, thereby causing the fetal adipose tissue and pancreatic beta cell dysfunction. Consequently, persisting adaptive changes may occur in the glucose–insulin metabolism, including reduced capacity for insulin secretion and insulin resistance. These changes can lead to an improved ability to store fat, thus predisposing to T2D development in later life. The modulation of epigenetic regulation of gene expression likely plays a central role in linking the adverse environmental conditions early in life to the risk of T2D in adulthood. In animal models of IUGR, long-term persistent changes in both DNA methylation and expression of genes implicated in metabolic processes have been repeatedly reported. Findings from human studies confirming the role of epigenetic mechanisms in linking early-life adverse experiences to the risk for T2D in adult life are scarce compared to data from animal studies, mainly because of limited access to suitable biological samples. It is, however, convincing evidence that these mechanisms may also operate in human beings. In this review, theoretical models and research findings evidencing the role of developmental epigenetic variation in the pathogenesis of T2D are summarized and discussed. © 2019
Nutraceuticals and diet-based phytochemicals in type 2 diabetes mellitus: From whole food to components with defined roles and mechanisms; Background: Over the past decades, the development and use of an array of prescription medications have considerably improved the clinical management of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the quality of life of patients. However, as our knowledge of the associated risk factors and approaches to its management increases, the increasing roles of diet and the composition of the diet in the etiology and successful management of diabetes mellitus are being illuminated. Presently, a lot of attention is being given to nutraceuticals and certain phytochemicals that are integral parts of the human diet. It is believed that a clearer understanding of their roles may be crucial to ‘non-invasive’ or minimally-intrusive management, with regards to daily living of patients. In this review, an overview of nutraceutical components and phytochemicals that may be of benefit, or had been known to be beneficial in diabetes mellitus is given. Also, how the roles of such dietary components are evolving in the management of this disorder is highlighted. Lastly, the obstacles that need to be overcome before nutraceuticals can be considered as options for the clinical management of diabetes mellitus areconsidered. Conclusion: Despite studies that demonstrate their efficacy, no nutraceutical or food-derived compound has been formally adopted as a direct replacement for any class of antidiabetic drugs. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Effect of elateriospermum tapos extract as coadjuvant in ameliorating maternal obesity on female offspring at weaning; This study is aimed to investigate the effect of Elateriospermum tapos supplementation prior to pregnancy stage among obese rats and its association with their offspring. Thirty adult female Sprague Dawley rats were assigned to 2 groups, 6 rats were assigned to normal control group (DCG) which were fed with standard chow and the remaining rats were assigned to highfat diet group (HFD) and cafeteria food to generate obesity for a duration of 5 weeks. These obese rats were further divided into 4 groups for treatment phase. Negative control (DNG) rats were administered with normal saline, positive control (DPG) with 200mg/kg of orlistat drug, treatment 1 (DTX1) with 200 mg/kg of E.tapos seed and treatment 2 (DTX2) with 200 mg/kg of E.tapos shell daily for 6 weeks. Two female rats were placed in cage with one male rats for 24 hours mating. After confirmation of mating, all dams were designated as day 0 for gestation stage. There was a significant decreased on total cholesterol among DTX2 treated dams and their offspring also were observed. Histopathological grading of the liver section of DNG, ONG and offspring from positive (OPG) displayed changes with score 1 with the presence of ballooning hepatocytes. Histology of RpWAT of DTX1, DTX2, OTX1 and OTX2 showed normal adipocytes with similar pattern of DCG and offspring from control OCG group. In conclusion, E.tapos shell had a greater effect on ameliorating maternal obesity on female offspring at postnatal day 21. © Malaysian Journal of Microscopy (2018). All rights reserved.
The Burden of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in South Asians Residing in Canada: A Reflection From the South Asian Heart Alliance; South Asians (SAs), originating from the Indian subcontinent (India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, and Bhutan), represent one quarter of the global population and are the largest visible minority in Canada. SAs experience the highest rates of coronary artery disease in Canada. Although conventional cardiovascular risk factors remain predictive in SA, the excess risk is not fully explained by these risk factors alone. Abdominal obesity, metabolic syndrome, and insulin resistance likely contribute a greater risk in SAs than in other populations. The South Asian Heart Alliance has been recently formed to investigate and recommend the best strategies for the prevention of cardiometabolic disease in SAs in Canada. This topic review represents a comprehensive overview of the magnitude of cardiovascular disease in SAs in Canada, with a review of conventional and novel risk markers in the SA population. Both primary and secondary prevention strategies are suggested and when possible, adapted specifically for the SA population. The need for SAs and their healthcare professionals to be more aware of the problem and potential solutions, along with the need for population-specific research, is highlighted. © 2019 Canadian Cardiovascular Society
Maternal obesity accelerates rat offspring metabolic ageing in a sex-dependent manner; Key points: Maternal obesity predisposes to metabolic dysfunction in male and female offspring Maternal high-fat diet consumption prior to and throughout pregnancy and lactation accelerates offspring metabolic ageing in a sex-dependent manner This study provides evidence for programming-ageing interactions. Abstract: Human epidemiological studies show that maternal obesity (MO) shortens offspring life and health span. Life course cellular mechanisms involved in this developmental programming-ageing interaction are poorly understood. In a well-established rat MO model, female Wistar rats ate chow (controls (C)) or high energy, obesogenic diet to induce MO from weaning through pregnancy and lactation. Females were bred at postnatal day (PND) 120. Offspring (F1) of mothers on control diet (CF1) and MO diet (MOF1) delivered spontaneously at terms. Both CF1 and MOF1 ate C diet from weaning throughout the study. Offspring were killed at PND 36, 110, 450 and 650. We determined body and liver weights, liver and serum metabolite concentrations, hormones and oxidative stress biomarkers. Male and female CF1 body weight, total fat, adiposity index, serum leptin, insulin, insulin resistance, and liver weight, fat, triglycerides, malondialdehyde, reactive oxygen species and nitrotyrosine all rose with differing ageing trajectories. Female CF1 triglycerides were unchanged with age. Age-related increases were greater in MOF1 than CF1 in both sexes for all variables except glucose in males and females and cholesterol in males. Cholesterol fell in CF1 females but not MOF1. Serum corticosterone levels were higher in male and female MOF1 than CF1 and declined with age. DHEA serum levels were lower in male and female MOF1 than CF1. Liver antioxidant enzymes decreased with age (CF1 and MOF1). Conclusions: exposure to the developmental challenge of MO accelerates progeny ageing metabolic and endocrine profiles in a sex specific manner, providing evidence for programming-ageing interactions. © 2019 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2019 The Physiological Society
Beneficial Effects of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Offspring's Pancreas of Gestational Diabetes Rats; We studied the long-term influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the pancreas of offspring and the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on offspring's pancreas. GDM offspring were divided into three groups: GDM offspring, n-3 PUFA-adequate-GDM offspring, and n-3 PUFA-deficient GDM offspring. All healthy and GDM offspring were fed up to 11 months old. The pancreas of GDM offspring exhibited fatty infiltration at 11 months old, whereas n-3 PUFA improved the pancreatic fatty infiltration. n-3 PUFA lowered the pancreatic oxidative stress and inflammation. Surprisingly, n-3 PUFA postponed pancreatic telomere shortening of GDM offspring at old age. Nontargeted metabolomics showed that many metabolites were altered in the pancreas of GDM offspring at old age, including l-valine, ceramide, acylcarnitines, tocotrienol, cholesteryl acetate, and biotin. n-3 PUFA modulated some altered metabolites and metabolic pathways. Therefore, GDM caused the long-term effects on offspring's pancreas, whereas n-3 PUFA played a beneficial role. Copyright © 2019 American Chemical Society.
Treatment strategies against diabetes: Success so far and challenges ahead; The growing disease burden of diabetes mellitus is an important public health concern, affecting over 400 million people globally. This epidemic, if not controlled in time, leads to life threatening complications, compromise in quality of life, and eventually mortality. Over time, many attempts have been made for the effective treatment of diabetes but true success has never been achieved. Pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches for the treatment of hyperglycaemia have been ever-evolving due to limitations of current therapies. Non pharmacological management which includes diet management and exercise, has been the primary focus for self-management of diabetes. The pharmacological management includes oral antihyperglycaemics, phytoconstituents, and combination products. Advancements such as nanocarrier delivery systems have been made in drug delivery to overcome the challenges such as poor bioavailability associated with conventional dosage forms currently employed in diabetes treatment. In recent years, much emphasis has been given to synbiotics that act on gut microbiota, as an emerging therapy for diabetes. The current review discusses different treatment strategies for diabetes management starting from insulin therapy to synbiotics. The combination of herbal phytoconstituents with synthetic drugs, synthetic drug combinations, novel drug delivery systems for insulin are highlighted. Moreover, the role of gut dysbiosis in diabetes and its treatment by administration of synbiotics in various clinical as well as non clinical studies has been discussed in detail. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Evidence from 3-month-old infants shows that a combination of postnatal feeding and exposures in utero shape lipid metabolism; We tested the hypothesis that both postnatal feeding and conditions in utero affect lipid metabolism in infants. Infants who experienced restrictive growth conditions in utero and others exposed to maternal hyperglycaemia were compared to a control group with respect to feeding mode. Dried blood spots were collected from a pilot subset of infant participants of the Cambridge Baby Growth Study at 3mo. Groups: (a) a normal gestation (control, n = 40), (b) small for gestational age (SGA, n = 34) and (c) whose mothers developed hyperglycaemia (n = 59). These groups were further stratified by feeding mode; breastfed, formula-fed or received a mixed intake. Their phospholipid, glyceride and sterol fractions were profiled using direct infusion mass spectrometry. Statistical tests were used to identify molecular species that indicated differences in lipid metabolism. The abundance of several phospholipids identified by multivariate analysis, PC(34:1), PC(34:2) and PC-O(34:1), was 30–100% higher across all experimental groups. SM(39:1) was around half as abundant in in utero groups among breastfed infants only. The evidence from this pilot study shows that phospholipid metabolism is modulated by both conditions in utero and postnatal feeding in a cohort of 133 Caucasian infants, three months post partum. © 2019, The Author(s).
The role of microRNAs in the regulation of insulin signaling pathway with respect to metabolic and mitogenic cascades: A review; Insulin resistance (IR) is a shared pathological condition among type 2 diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and other metabolic disorders. It is growing significantly all over the world and consequently, a substantial effort is needed for developing the potential novel diagnostics and therapeutics. An insulin signaling pathway is tightly modulated by different mechanisms including the epigenetic modifications. Today, a deal of great attention has been shifted towards the regulatory role of noncoding RNAs on target proteins of the insulin signaling pathway. Noncoding RNAs are a major area of the epigenetics which control gene expression at the posttranscriptional levels and include a large class of microRNAs (miRNAs). With this in view, many studies have implicated the mediatory effects of miRNAs on the downstream metabolic and mitogenic proteins of the insulin signaling pathway. Since providing new biomarkers for the early diagnosis of IR and related metabolic traits are very significant, we intended to review the possible role of miRNAs in the regulation of the insulin signaling pathway, with a primary focus on the downstream target proteins of the metabolic and mitogenic cascades. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Shared pathways for neuroprogression and somatoprogression in neuropsychiatric disorders; Activated immune-inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative stress (IO&NS) pathways and consequent mitochondrial aberrations are involved in the pathophysiology of psychiatric disorders including major depression, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. They offer independent and shared contributions to pathways underpinning medical comorbidities including insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, obesity and cardiovascular disease - herein conceptualized as somatoprogression. This narrative review of human studies aims to summarize relationships between IO&NS pathways, neuroprogression and somatoprogression. Activated IO&NS pathways, implicated in the neuroprogression of psychiatric disorders, affect the pathogenesis of comorbidities including insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia, obesity and hypertension, and by inference, metabolic syndrome. These conditions activate IO&NS pathways, exacerbating neuroprogression in psychiatric disorders. The processes whereby proinflammatory cytokines, nitrosative and endoplasmic reticulum stress, NADPH oxidase isoforms, PPARγ inactivation, SIRT1 deficiency and intracellular signalling pathways impact lipid metabolism and storage are considered. Through associations between body mass index, chronic neuroinflammation and FTO expression, activation of IO&NS pathways arising from somatoprogression may contribute to neuroprogression. Early evidence highlights the potential of adjuvants targeting IO&NS pathways for treating somatoprogression and neuroprogression. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Gestational Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes During Pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance that is first recognized in pregnancy. GDM is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for mothers and their offspring. The prevalence of GDM is rising, associated with changing environmental factors (e.g., increasing obesity, sedentary lifestyle, Western diet) and altered diagnostic criteria, and it continues to be associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Treatment of GDM includes intensive lifestyle management, followed by pharmacological intervention with insulin or selective oral antihyperglycemic agents if glycemic targets are not met. The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in pregnancy has also increased significantly in the past four decades, surpassing Type 1 diabetes (T1DM) in many countries. Despite advances in management, including insulin delivery systems and glucose monitoring, T2DM continues to result in a number of maternal and perinatal complications, resulting in poorer outcomes than women with T1DM. Exacerbating factors include less frequent uptake of preconception counseling and coexisting obesity. In this chapter, we review the changing epidemiology of GDM and T2DM in pregnancy, screening practices, and management. © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved..
Profiling solute-carrier transporters in key metabolic tissues during the postpartum evolution of mammary epithelial cells from nonsecretory to secretory; Modifications in the abundance of solute-carrier (SLC) transcripts in tandem with adjustments in genesassociated with energy homeostasis during the postpartum transition of the mammary epithelial cells (MEC) from nonsecretory to secretory is pivotal for supporting milk synthesis. The goal of this study was to identify differentially expressed SLC genes across key metabolic tissues between late pregnancy and onset of lactation. Total RNA was isolated from the mammary, liver, and adipose tissues collected from rat dams on day 20 of pregnancy (P20) and day 1 of lactation (L1) and gene expression was measured with Rat 230 2.0 Affymetrix GeneChips. LIMMA was utilized to identify the differential gene expression patterns between P20 and L1 tissues. Transcripts engaged in conveying anions, cations, carboxylates, sugars, amino acids, metals, nucleosides, vitamins, and fatty acids were significantly increased (P < 0.05) in MEC during the P20 to L1 shift. Downregulated (P < 0.05) genes in the mammary during the physiological transition included GLUT8 and SLC45a3. In the liver, SLC genes encoding for anion, carbonyl, and nucleotide sugar transporters were upregulated (P < 0.05) at L1. while genes facilitating transportation of anions and hexose were increased (P < 0.05), from P20 to L1 in the adipose tissue. GLUT1 and GLUT4 in the liver, along with GLUT4 and SGLT2 in the adipose tissue, were repressed (P < 0.05) at L1. Our results illustrate that MEC exhibit dynamic molecular plasticity during the nonsecretory to secretory transition and increase biosynthetic capacity through a coordinated tissue specific SLC transcriptome modification to facilitate substrate transfer. © 2019 the American Physiological Society.
Dietary-fat effect of the rs10830963 polymorphism in MTNR1B on insulin resistance in response to 3 months weight-loss diets; Background & aims: The risk allele (G) of rs10830963 in the melatonin receptor 1 B (MTNR1B) gene presents an association with obesity. We study the effect of this SNP on cardiovascular risk factors and weight loss secondary to 2 hypocaloric diets. Methods: 361 obese subjects were randomly allocated during 3 months (Diet M - high monounsaturated fat hypocaloric diet vs. Diet P – high polyunsaturated fat hypocaloric diet). Anthropometric parameters, fasting blood glucose, C-reactive protein (CRP), insulin concentration, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile and adipocytokines levels were measured. Genotype of MTNR1B gene polymorphism (rs10830963) was evaluated. Results: All anthropometric parameters, systolic blood pressure and leptin levels decreased in all subjects after both diets. This improvement of anthropometric parameters was higher in non G allele carriers than G allele carriers. After dietary intervention with Diet M, (CC vs. CG + GG); total cholesterol (delta: -10.4 ± 2.1 mg/dl vs. -6.4 ± 1.2 mg/dl: P <.05), LDL-cholesterol (delta:-7.1 ± 0.9 mg/dl vs. -2.8 ± 0.8 mg/dl: P <.05), insulin (delta:-3.0 ± 0.8 UI/L vs. -2.0 ± 1.0 UI/L: P<.05) and HOMA-IR (delta:-3.4 ± 1.0 units vs. -2.9 ± 0.9 units: P<.05) improved in no G allele carriers. After Diet P, in the group of subjects without G allele CC, insulin levels (delta: -2.9 ± 1.0 UI/L vs. -0.6 ± 0.2 UI/L: P <.05) and HOMA-IR (delta (CC vs. CG + GG): -0.8 ± 0.2 units vs. -0.4 ± 0.3 units: P <.05) decreased, too. Conclusions: Our study detected a relationship of rs10830963 MTNR1B SNP with body weight loss and insulin resistance modification induced by 2 different hypocaloric. Only monounsaturated enriched hypocaloric diet and in no-G allele carriers showed a significant effect on lipoproteins. © 2019 SEEN y SED
Hypoglycemic activity of CPU2206: A novel peptide from sika (Cervus nippon Temminck) antler; Previous work had extracted and purified an antidiabetic peptide named CPU2206 with 7,127.6 Da. In this work, the toxicity of CPU2206 was first evaluated by daily administration to ICR mice, and after 28 days of administration, the body weight and lipid metabolism of the mice did not change significantly, which proved its safety and reliability. Second, further studies have focused on its hypoglycemic effects by daily intraperitoneal injection to alloxan-induced diabetic mice and KK-Ay mice, showing that CPU2206 effectively decreased the blood glucose and corresponding indicators of diabetic mice. Daily administration of CPU2206 nearly normalized the lipid metabolic parameters in diabetic mice. Histological examination also validated that CPU2206 ameliorated the pancreas injuries induced by alloxan or alleviated islet hypertrophy caused by insulin resistance in KK-Ay mice. To sum up, a totally new bioactive peptide CPU2206 obtained from sika antler showed significantly antidiabetic as well as lipid-lowering effects in diabetic mice. Practical applications: Antler has been used as a traditional Chinese medicine to invigorate primordial energy, enrich the blood, strengthen bones, and improve both male and female sexual functions for thousands of years. Traditionally, velvet antler can be grinded directly and taken orally, or used in porridge, wine and meat stew. Our experiment enriches the research on the function of edible antlers, provides the basis for developing it into functional health food, and on the other hand, provides an idea for finding new antidiabetic drugs. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Sick fat: the good and the bad of old and new circulating markers of adipose tissue inflammation; Adipose tissue (AT) is one of the largest endocrine organs contributing to metabolic homeostasis. The functional pleiotropism of AT depends on its ability to secrete a large number of hormones, cytokines, extracellular matrix proteins and growth factors, all influencing many local and systemic physiological and pathophysiological processes. In condition of chronic positive energy balance, adipocyte expansion, hypoxia, apoptosis and stress all lead to AT inflammation and dysfunction, and it has been demonstrated that this sick fat is a main risk factor for many metabolic disorders, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, fatty liver, cardiovascular disease and cancer. AT dysfunction is tightly associated with aberrant secretion of bioactive peptides, the adipocytokines, and their blood concentrations often reflect the expression in the AT. Despite the existence of an association between AT dysfunction and systemic pro-inflammatory state, most of the circulating molecules detectable in obese and dysmetabolic individuals do not identify specifically the condition of sick fat. Based on this premise, this review provides a concise overview of “classic” and novel promising adipocytokines associated with AT inflammation and discusses possible critical approaches to their interpretation in clinical practice. © 2019, Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
The metabolic fingerprints of HCV and HBV infections studied by Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy;                              Few studies are available on metabolic changes in liver injuries and this is the first metabolomic study evaluating a group of HCV-positive patients, before and after viral eradication via DAA IFN-free regimens, using                              1                             H-NMR to characterize and compare their serum fingerprints to naïve HBV-patients and healthy donors. The investigation clearly shows differences in the metabolomic profile of HCV patients before and after effective DAA treatment. Significant changes in metabolites levels in patients undergoing therapy suggest alterations in several metabolic pathways. It has been shown that                              1                             H-NMR fingerprinting approach is an optimal technique in predicting the specific infection and the healthy status of studied subjects (Monte-Carlo cross validated accuracies: 86% in the HCV vs HBV model, 98.7% in the HCV vs HC model). Metabolite data collected support the hypothesis that the HCV virus induces glycolysis over oxidative phosphorylation in a similar manner to the Warburg effect in cancer, moreover our results have demonstrated a different action of the two viruses on cellular metabolism, corroborating the hypothesis that the metabolic perturbation on patients could be attributed to a direct role in viral infection. This metabolomic study has revealed some alteration in metabolites for the first time (2-oxoglutarate and 3-hydroxybutrate) concerning the HCV-infection model that could explain several extrahepatic manifestations associated with such an infection.                          © 2019, The Author(s).
Low birth weight, a risk factor for diseases in later life, is a surrogate of insulin resistance at birth; Low birth weight (LBW) is associated with diseases in adulthood. The birthweight attributed risk is independent of confounding such as gestational age, sex of the newborn but also social factors. The birthweight attributed risk for diseases in later life holds for the whole spectrum of birthweight. This raises the question what pathophysiological principle is actually behind the association. In this review, we provide evidence that LBW is a surrogate of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance has been identified as a key factor leading to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease as well as kidney diseases. We first provide evidence linking LBW to insulin resistance during intrauterine life. This might be caused by both genetic (genetic variations of genes controlling glucose homeostasis) and/or environmental factors (due to alterations of macronutrition and micronutrition of the mother during pregnancy, but also effects of paternal nutrition prior to conception) leading via epigenetic modifications to early life insulin resistance and alterations of intrauterine growth, as insulin is a growth factor in early life. LBW is rather a surrogate of insulin resistance in early life-either due to inborn genetic or environmental reasons-rather than a player on its own. © 2019 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
The therapeutic potential of metformin in breast and ovarian cancer; Metformin is the first-line drug used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes with more than six decades of clinical use. It is a relatively safe drug, with known pharmacokinetics and a favorable safety profile. In recent years, in addition to hypoglycemic effect, several epidemiological studies have highlighted the therapeutic potential of metformin in the context of other diseases, especially in breast and ovarian cancers; thus, demonstrating its beneficial actions on survival outcome and prevention of these highly lethal malignancies. Recent and robust data support the fact that metformin would provide invaluable benefits when administrated along with conventional adjuvant therapy against the breast and ovarian cancers. Metformin impairs cellular metabolism, suppresses oncogenic signaling pathways, inhibits cell growth and metastasis, as well as reverses chemoresistance. Thus, improving treatment efficacy and allowing the prescription of lower doses of highly toxic antineoplastic agents. Altogether, the aforementioned information points out metformin as an anticancer agent. Of clinical interest, it arises as a therapeutic possibility in the fight against poor prognosis diseases, such as triplenegative breast cancer and high grade serous ovarian cancer. In the present chapter, we summarized the molecular mechanisms underlying the anticancer effects of metformin in breast and ovarian cancers. Furthermore, we discuss the potential anticancer applications of metformin-based combinatorial chemotherapy. © 2020 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis of hepatocellular adenoma in men before onset of diabetes in HNF1A-MODY: Watch out for winkers; Hepatocyte nuclear factor 1A (HNF1A) maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a monogenetic, autosomal dominantly inherited form of diabetes. HNF1A-MODY is associated with HNF1A-inactivated hepatocellular adenoma (H-HCA) formation. Hepatocellular adenoma (HCA) are benign liver tumours and related complications are rare but serious: hepatic haemorrhage and malignant transformation. Guidelines recommend resection of all HCA in men and do not take any co-occurring metabolic disorders into account. We report a family with HCA preceding diabetes mellitus. Male index patient presented with numerous, irresectable HCA. After initial diagnostic and aetiologic uncertainty HNF1A germline mutation c.815G>A (p.Arg272His) was confirmed 8 years later. No HCA-related complications occurred. His diabetic mother was diagnosed with HCA after severe hepatic haemorrhage years before. HNF1A-MODY should be considered in (non-)diabetic (male) patients with H-HCA. We advocate liver biopsy and, if necessary, genetic analysis to precede any intervention for HCA in males and screening for HCA in HNF1A-MODY patients. © 2019 The Authors. Liver International published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Omics analysis of oxysterols to better understand their pathophysiological role; High amounts of cholesterol have been definitely associated with the pathogenesis of several diseases, including metabolic and neurodegenerative disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer. In all these pathologies the exacerbation of pro-oxidant and inflammatory responses is a consistent feature. In this scenario, species derived from enzymatic and non-enzymatic cholesterol oxidation, namely oxysterols, are strongly suspected to play a primary role. The consideration of these bioactive lipids is therefore helpful in investigating pathological mechanisms and may also acquire clinical value for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases. For this purpose and considering that a great number of oxysterols may be present together in the body, the employment of lipidomics technology certainly represents a powerful strategy for the simultaneous detection and characterization of these compounds in biological specimens. In this review, we will discuss the applicability of the lipidomics approach in the study of the association between oxysterols and diseases. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Omentin-1 in diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective Previous studies found inconsistent results on the relationship between diabetes mellitus and concentrations of omentin-1. This study performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize previous findings on this relationship. Methods Studies related to this outcome were obtained using a systematic search in the electronic databases of Cochrane Library, PubMed, Embase, SCOPUS, Google Scholar, gray literature and Web of Science in September 2019. The random effects model was used to measure the strength of the association between diabetes mellitus and concentrations of omentin-1, using standardized mean difference. Results Forty-two eligible studies were included in the final meta-analysis. There was no significant difference in omentin-1 concentration between patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and the controls. On the other hand, lower concentration levels of omentin-1 were observed in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (standardized mean difference:-0.44, 95% confidence interval:-0.76; -0.12, p = 0.007), or type 2 diabetes mellitus (standardized mean difference: -1.74, 95% confidence interval: -2.31; -1.16, p< 0.001) than in the controls. Conclusion Decreased omentin-1 concentrations may be an important indicator for gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus. More studies are needed to validate this hypothesis and evaluate the role of omentin-1 concentrations in type 1 diabetes mellitus. © 2019 Pan et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Hyperandrogenemia and insulin resistance: The chief culprit of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common systemic reproductive endocrine diseases, which has a variety of effects on a woman's health. Because of the involvement of multiple pathways and the lack of common clues, PCOS demonstrates multifactorial properties and heterogeneity of symptoms. Recent studies have demonstrated that the core etiology and primary endocrine characteristics of PCOS are hyperandrogenemia (HA) and insulin resistance (IR). HA and IR are the main causes of PCOS and they can interplay each other in the occurrence and development of PCOS. Just because of this, the study about the effects of HA and IR on pathophysiology of various related symptoms of PCOS is very important to understand the pathogenesis of PCOS. This paper reviews the main symptoms of PCOS, including neuroendocrine disorders, reproductive processes, dyslipidemia, obesity, hypertension, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and sleep disordered breathing, which seriously affect the physical and mental health of PCOS women. The increasing knowledge of the development pattern of HA and IR in PCOS suggests that changes in diet and lifestyle, and the discovery of potential therapeutic agents may improve PCOS. However, further studies are needed to clarify the mutual influence and relation of HA and IR in development of PCOS. This review provides an overview of the current knowledge about the effects of HA and IR on PCOS. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Umbilical Cord miRNAs in Small-for-Gestational-Age Children and Association with Catch-Up Growth: A Pilot Study; Context: Catch-up growth in infants who are small for gestational age (SGA) is a risk factor for the development of cardiometabolic diseases in adulthood. The basis and mechanisms underpinning catch-up growth in newborns who are SGA are unknown. Objective: To identify umbilical cord miRNAs associated with catch-up growth in infants who are SGA and study their relationship with offspring's cardiometabolic parameters. Design: miRNA PCR panels were used to study the miRNA profile in umbilical cord tissue of five infants who were SGA with catch-up (SGA-CU), five without catch-up (SGA-nonCU), and five control infants [appropriate for gestational age (AGA)]. The miRNAs with the smallest nominal P values were validated in 64 infants (22 AGA, 18 SGA-nonCU, and 24 SGA-CU) and correlated with anthropometric parameters at 1 (n = 64) and 6 years of age (n = 30). Results: miR-501-3p, miR-576-5p, miR-770-5p, and miR-876-3p had nominally significant associations with increased weight, height, weight catch-up, and height catch-up at 1 year, and miR-374b-3p, miR-548c-5p, and miR-576-5p had nominally significant associations with increased weight, height, waist, hip, and renal fat at 6 years. Multivariate analysis suggested miR-576-5p as a predictor of weight catch-up and height catch-up at 1 year, as well as weight, waist, and renal fat at 6 years. In silico studies suggested that miR-576-5p participates in the regulation of inflammatory, growth, and proliferation signaling pathways. Conclusions: Umbilical cord miRNAs could be novel biomarkers for the early identification of catch-up growth in infants who are SGA. miR-576-5p may contribute to the regulation of postnatal growth and influence the risk for cardiometabolic diseases associated with a mismatch between prenatal and postnatal weight gain. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Physicochemical and pharmacokinetic properties of metformin hydrochloride; Metformin hydrochloride is a widely used biguanide derivative antidiabetic agent for the treatment type 2 diabetes mellitus. Metformin does not improve insulin secretion and produce normally hypoglycemia. Metformin decreases blood glucose levels by increasing skeletal muscle uptake of glucose, decreasing gluconeogenesis and absorption of glucose. Metformin has been found to be effective in the treatment of especially prostate, colon and breast cancer. Also, it is reported that metformin treatment decreases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome. Metformin has a cationic charge at physiological pH and has very limited passive diffusion across cell membranes. According to Biopharmaceutics Classification System, metformin hydrochloride is a class 3 drug with high solubility and low permeability properties. Its absorption is slow and incomplete, and thus has low bioavailability (50-60%) following oral administration. Metformin is a substrate of organic cation transporters 1, 2 and 3 (OCT1-3) and its oral absorption, hepatic uptake and renal excretion occur mainly via these transporters. Membrane monoamine transporter (PMAT) expressed in human intestine may play a role in the intestinal absorption of metformin. Additionally, metformin is a good substrate for human multidrug and toxin extrusion 1 (MATE1) and MATE2-K. Metformin displays flip-flop kinetics (in human t1/2, po/t1/2, iv =4.1) after oral administration. Its binding to human plasma proteins is negligible after absorption. Metformin accumulates in the kidney, salivary glands and walls of the small intestine, and it has a large apparent volume of distribution. The average elimination half-life in plasma is about 6 hours. Metformin is not metabolized, and it is eliminated from the body by tubular secretion and excreted unchanged in the urine. Physicochemical, pharmacological, and pharmacokinetic properties of metformin will be reviewed this chapter. © 2020 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Engaging the ASEAN diaspora: Type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the United States; Type 2 diabetes prevalence is rising rapidly in Southeast Asia (SEA) where urbanization and adoption of ‘western’ behavioral lifestyles are attributed as predominant risk factors. The Southeast Asian diaspora to the United States has resulted in a sizable portion of migrant and US born SEAs, with approximately 4 million Filipino Americans, 2 million Vietnamese-Americans, Cambodians (330,000), and Thai (300,000) as the most populous. Their longer exposure to a western lifestyle and participation in clinical studies with other racial/ethnic groups, provide opportunities to evaluate etiologic factors which might inform trends and intervention opportunities among residents of Southeast Asia. Epidemiologic studies in the US have identified higher T2D prevalence among Filipinos (16.1%) compared to groups perceived to be at highest risk for T2D, namely Latinos (14.0%), Black (13.7%), and Native Americans (13.4%), while SEAs (including Burmese, Cambodian, Indonesian, Laotian, Malaysian, and Thai, 10.5%) and Vietnamese (9.9%) had higher T2D risk compared to Whites (7.7%), despite their absence of general obesity. Asian-Americans, including SEAs, East and South Asians, collectively have higher rates of undiagnosed T2D compared to other racial/ethnic groups in the US. Almost half (44%) of Filipinos with newly diagnosed T2D have isolated post-challenge hyperglycemia and will remain undiagnosed if current screening practices remain limited to measures of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting plasma glucose. The University of California San Diego Filipino Health Study found excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, low ratio of muscle to total abdominal mass area, low adiponectin concentration, multiparity (≥ 6 live births), and sleep insufficiency (<7 hours) to be unique T2D risk factors among Filipino-American women, even after adjusting for established T2D risk factors including hypertension and parental history of T2D. Social determinants such as low educational attainment (less than college completion), and sustained social disadvantage during childhood and adulthood were independently associated with T2D risk. Gestational diabetes is a known risk factor for future T2DM among women; Northern California data shows that following Asian Indians, gestational diabetes was highest among Filipina and SEA parturients, who had twice the GDM prevalence as Black, Hispanic, and White women. Identification of novel T2D risk factors among SEAs may guide early diagnosis, inform pathophysiology, and identify unique opportunities for T2D prevention and management. © 2019 by the JAFES.
Determinants of longitudinal change in insulin clearance: The Prospective Metabolism and Islet Cell Evaluation cohort; Objective To evaluate multiple determinants of the longitudinal change in insulin clearance (IC) in subjects at high risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D). Research design and methods Adults (n=492) at risk for T2D in the Prospective Metabolism and Islet Cell Evaluation cohort, a longitudinal observational cohort, had four visits over 9 years. Values from oral glucose tolerance tests collected at each assessment were used to calculate the ratios of both fasting C peptide-to-insulin (IC FASTING) and areas under the curve of C peptide-to-insulin (IC AUC). Generalized estimating equations (GEE) evaluated multiple determinants of longitudinal changes in IC. Results IC declined by 20% over the 9-year follow-up period (p<0.05). Primary GEE results indicated that non-European ethnicity, as well as increases in baseline measures of waist circumference, white cell count, and alanine aminotransferase, was associated with declines in IC FASTING and IC AUC over time (all p<0.05). There were no significant associations of IC with sex, age, physical activity, smoking, or family history of T2D. Both baseline and longitudinal IC were associated with incident dysglycemia. Conclusions Our findings suggest that non-European ethnicity and components of the metabolic syndrome, including central obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and subclinical inflammation, may be related to longitudinal declines in IC. © 2019 Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Observation of the effect of the pregnancy complicated with the hepatitis B infection on the lying-in women and neonates; Objective: To investigate the effect of pregnancy complicated with the hepatitis B infection on the pregnancy outcome, immunological factors and the subgroup of lymphocytes in neonates. Methods: Subjects admitting to this hospital between January 1, 2016 and January 1, 2018 in this study were divided into two groups according to the hepatitis B infection, i.e. the observation group (infection) and the control group (healthy), with 60 subjects in each group. Pregnancy complications and the neonatal complications were all recorded, and furthermore, the subgroups of lymphocytes and the levels of immunoglobin in the umbilical cord blood were measured. Results: The incidence rates of the premature rupture of fetal membranes, premature delivery, postpartum hemorrhage and pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome in the observation group were all higher than those in the control group, and the differences had statistical significance. In the observation group, the incidence rates of the neonatal distress and asphyxia, and the levels of neonatal CD3＋, CD4＋, CD19＋, IgA and IgM varied significantly from those in the control group, and the differences showed statistical significance. However, no significant differences were identified in comparison of the incidence rate of the cesarean delivery, neonatal deformity, neonatal death, or levels of neonatal CD8+ and IgG. Conclusion: During pregnancy, complications of hepatitis B infection results in the increases in the incidence rates of the premature rupture of fetal membranes and neonatal asphyxia, with influences on the levels of immunological factors and lymphocyte subgroups in the umbilical cord blood. © 2019
The latest insights into adipokines in diabetes; The Special Issue “Pathogenetic and Therapeutic Significance of Adipokines in Diabetes” focused on adipokines as shared diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets for both obesity and type 2 diabetes. Experts discussed the pathological role of adipokines in their studies associated with diabetes. It provided new insights into the role of adipokines in diabetes. In this commentary and review, these studies will be summarized and the novel roles of adipokines will be discussed. This will also confirm the role of adipokines as biomarkers for diagnosis and prediction, and as therapeutic targets of diabetes and its related pathogenic phenomena. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Inflammaging as a common ground for the development and maintenance of sarcopenia, obesity, cardiomyopathy and dysbiosis; Sarcopenia, obesity and their coexistence, obese sarcopenia (OBSP) as well as atherosclerosis-related cardio-vascular diseases (ACVDs), including chronic heart failure (CHF), are among the greatest public health concerns in the ageing population. A clear age-dependent increased prevalence of sarcopenia and OBSP has been registered in CHF patients, suggesting mechanistic relationships. Development of OBSP could be mediated by a crosstalk between the visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue (AT) and the skeletal muscle under conditions of low-grade local and systemic inflammation, inflammaging. The present review summarizes the emerging data supporting the idea that inflammaging may serve as a mutual mechanism governing the development of sarcopenia, OBSP and ACVDs. In support of this hypothesis, various immune cells release pro-inflammatory mediators in the skeletal muscle and myocardium. Subsequently, the endothelial structure is disrupted, and cellular processes, such as mitochondrial activity, mitophagy, and autophagy are impaired. Inflamed myocytes lose their contractile properties, which is characteristic of sarcopenia and CHF. Inflammation may increase the risk of ACVD events in a hyperlipidemia-independent manner. Significant reduction of ACVD event rates, without the lowering of plasma lipids, following a specific targeting of key pro-inflammatory cytokines confirms a key role of inflammation in ACVD pathogenesis. Gut dysbiosis, an imbalanced gut microbial community, is known to be deeply involved in the pathogenesis of age-associated sarcopenia and ACVDs by inducing and supporting inflammaging. Dysbiosis induces the production of trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO), which is implicated in atherosclerosis, thrombosis, metabolic syndrome, hypertension and poor CHF prognosis. In OBSP, AT dysfunction and inflammation induce, in concert with dysbiosis, lipotoxicity and other pathophysiological processes, thus exacerbating sarcopenia and CHF. Administration of specialized, inflammation pro-resolving mediators has been shown to ameliorate the inflammatory manifestations. Considering all these findings, we hypothesize that sarcopenia, OBSP, CHF and dysbiosis are inflammaging-oriented disorders, whereby inflammaging is common and most probably the causative mechanism driving their pathogenesis. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
High- and low- selenium diets affect endocrine energy balance during early programming; High- and low- Se diets received by dams during gestation and lactation are related to insulin resistance in their pups. High-Se diet leads to an increase in serum insulin levels, which does not function properly, and an anabolic process. Low-Se diet is related to very low insulin values and an extreme catabolic energy imbalance. Selenoproteins have been implicated directly in the general endocrine regulation of appetite and energy homeostasis. To obtain information concerning how Se intake by dams is involved in regulating endocrine energy balance in progeny, three experimental groups of dam rats were used: control (Se: 0.1 ppm), Se-supplemented (Se: 0.5 ppm) and Se-deficient (Se: 0.01 ppm). At the end of lactation (21d old), the pups' appetite profile, Se levels, peptides from gastrointestinal tract (including pancreas), leptin, thyroid hormones, skeletal growth markers and cytokines in serum were measured. Low-Se diet leads to severe growth retardation, underdeveloped glands, a non-functional pancreas, non-operative high serum leptin levels and low GIT-anorexigenic signals. High-Se diet leads to non-operative high insulin secretion, obesity, inflammation and low leptin levels. These results point to Se as an important marker and a possible dietary supplementation treatment for gestating and lactating mothers in order to avoid metabolic disorders such as gestational diabetes or intrauterine growth retardation which could affect their progeny's future health in adulthood. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Childhood and Adolescent Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Is It Different from Adults?; Paediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease in childhood and adolescence. Although the condition is similar in many ways to NAFLD in adults, there are important differences in predisposition, presentation, differential diagnosis and potentially also in optimal management. Antenatal and early childhood exposures and the particular vulnerabilities to environmental influences in a growing child, present unique opportunities for intervention and modification of risk. The prevalence of significant fibrosis on biopsy in preadolescent children in the context of NAFLD should not be ignored, but the relevance of this fibrosis to long-term outcome is as yet unknown. The approach to children and adolescents with suspected NAFLD needs to include an assessment of risk factors in addition to exclusion of alternative or coexisting liver diseases. Liver biopsy is indicated for younger children and for those without clear predisposing factors leading to metabolic syndrome, also for those in whom significant fibrosis is suspected. The histology in children and adolescents differs from adults in whom type 2 NAFLD may be more prevalent, which is associated in turn with more significant fibrosis. Management in children and adolescents needs to focus on lifestyle intervention, which when weight loss is achieved, demonstrates excellent results in terms of resolution of disease. Appropriate intervention in childhood and adolescence may prove instrumental in avoiding the need for later transplantation while also decreasing all-cause mortality in these at-risk individuals. © 2019 Indian National Association for Study of the Liver
Bile acids in glucose metabolism and insulin signalling — mechanisms and research needs; Of all the novel glucoregulatory molecules discovered in the past 20 years, bile acids (BAs) are notable for the fact that they were hiding in plain sight. BAs were well known for their requirement in dietary lipid absorption and biliary cholesterol secretion, due to their micelle-forming properties. However, it was not until 1999 that BAs were discovered to be endogenous ligands for the nuclear receptor FXR. Since that time, BAs have been shown to act through multiple receptors (PXR, VDR, TGR5 and S1PR2), as well as to have receptor-independent mechanisms (membrane dynamics, allosteric modulation of N-acyl phosphatidylethanolamine phospholipase D). We now also have an appreciation of the range of physiological, pathophysiological and therapeutic conditions in which endogenous BAs are altered, raising the possibility that BAs contribute to the effects of these conditions on glycaemia. In this Review, we highlight the mechanisms by which BAs regulate glucose homeostasis and the settings in which endogenous BAs are altered, and provide suggestions for future research. © 2019, Springer Nature Limited.
Predicting metabolite-disease associations based on KATZ model; Background: Increasing numbers of evidences have illuminated that metabolites can respond to pathological changes. However, identifying the diseases-related metabolites is a magnificent challenge in the field of biology and medicine. Traditional medical equipment not only has the limitation of its accuracy but also is expensive and time-consuming. Therefore, it's necessary to take advantage of computational methods for predicting potential associations between metabolites and diseases. Results: In this study, we develop a computational method based on KATZ algorithm to predict metabolite-disease associations (KATZMDA). Firstly, we extract data about metabolite-disease pairs from the latest version of HMDB database for the materials of prediction. Then we take advantage of disease semantic similarity and the improved disease Gaussian Interaction Profile (GIP) kernel similarity to obtain more reliable disease similarity and enhance the predictive performance of our proposed computational method. Simultaneously, KATZ algorithm is applied in the domains of metabolomics for the first time. Conclusions: According to three kinds of cross validations and case studies of three common diseases, KATZMDA is worth serving as an impactful measuring tool for predicting the potential associations between metabolites and diseases. © 2019 The Author(s).
Exposure to Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs) and Their Relationship to Hepatic Fat and Insulin Insensitivity among Asian Indian Immigrants in the United States; Persistent organic pollutants (POPs), such as dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) and other organochlorine compounds, are abundant in the environment and in foodstuffs from the Indian subcontinent. These environmental contaminants have been associated with a higher risk of diabetes in numerous studies. Asian Indians are well known to have a high risk of diabetes compared with other populations, and this risk is also found in migrant populations of Asian Indians in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere. We hypothesized that high plasma concentrations of POPs in Asian Indian migrants are linked to a variety of diabetes-related pathologies and explored the mechanism for the induction of these effects. We measured 30 environmental pollutants in plasma samples obtained from 147 participants in the Metabolic syndrome and Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America pilot study using a gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry analytical method that uses less than 0.5 mL of plasma. We found that plasma levels of o,p′-DDT and p,p′-DDT were independently associated with both body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference. Doubling the levels of the sums of these DDTs was associated with insulin insensitivity (-0.38 Matsuda index, p = 0.001), increased adiposity (1.26 kg/m2 BMI and 3.58 cm waist circumference increase, p < 0.0001), circulating insulin (12.9 mIU/L, p = 0.002), hepatic fat (-0.051 HU, p = 0.001), as well as increased odds of obesity (OR = 2.17, p < 0.001, BMI-based; OR = 2.37, p = 0.001, waist-based), prediabetes (OR = 1.55, p = 0.02), diabetes (OR = 1.72, p = 0.01), and fatty liver (OR = 1.66, p = 0.01) in multivariable models accounting for confounding by age, sex, years in the US, education, and fish protein. Furthermore, levels of DDTs were associated with increased hepatic fat and circulating insulin, independent of obesity and confounders. These findings suggest that exposure to DDTs may contribute to the risk of metabolic disease among Asian Indians by affecting hepatic fat levels independent of obesity. Copyright © 2019 American Chemical Society.
Metformin for prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its associated complications in persons at increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: The projected rise in the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) could develop into a substantial health problem worldwide. Whether metformin can prevent or delay T2DM and its complications in people with increased risk of developing T2DM is unknown. Objectives: To assess the effects of metformin for the prevention or delay of T2DM and its associated complications in persons at increased risk for the T2DM. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, Scopus, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform and the reference lists of systematic reviews, articles and health technology assessment reports. We asked investigators of the included trials for information about additional trials. The date of the last search of all databases was March 2019. Selection criteria: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a duration of one year or more comparing metformin with any pharmacological glucose-lowering intervention, behaviour-changing intervention, placebo or standard care in people with impaired glucose tolerance, impaired fasting glucose, moderately elevated glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) or combinations of these. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors read all abstracts and full-text articles and records, assessed risk of bias and extracted outcome data independently. We used a random-effects model to perform meta-analysis and calculated risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for continuous outcomes, using 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for effect estimates. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results: We included 20 RCTs randomising 6774 participants. One trial contributed 48% of all participants. The duration of intervention in the trials varied from one to five years. We judged none of the trials to be at low risk of bias in all 'Risk of bias' domains. Our main outcome measures were all-cause mortality, incidence of T2DM, serious adverse events (SAEs), cardiovascular mortality, non-fatal myocardial infarction or stroke, health-related quality of life and socioeconomic effects.The following comparisons mostly reported only a fraction of our main outcome set.  Fifteen RCTs compared metformin with diet and exercise with or without placebo: all-cause mortality was 7/1353 versus 7/1480 (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.41 to 3.01; P = 0.83; 2833 participants, 5 trials; very low-quality evidence); incidence of T2DM was 324/1751 versus 529/1881 participants (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.65; P < 0.001; 3632 participants, 12 trials; moderate-quality evidence); the reporting of SAEs was insufficient and diverse and meta-analysis could not be performed (reported numbers were 4/118 versus 2/191; 309 participants; 4 trials; very low-quality evidence); cardiovascular mortality was 1/1073 versus 4/1082 (2416 participants; 2 trials; very low-quality evidence). One trial reported no clear difference in health-related quality of life after 3.2 years of follow-up (very low-quality evidence). Two trials estimated the direct medical costs (DMC) per participant for metformin varying from $220 to $1177 versus $61 to $184 in the comparator group (2416 participants; 2 trials; low-quality evidence). Eight RCTs compared metformin with intensive diet and exercise: all-cause mortality was 7/1278 versus 4/1272 (RR 1.61, 95% CI 0.50 to 5.23; P = 0.43; 2550 participants, 4 trials; very low-quality evidence); incidence of T2DM was 304/1455 versus 251/1505 (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.37; P = 0.42; 2960 participants, 7 trials; moderate-quality evidence); the reporting of SAEs was sparse and meta-analysis could not be performed (one trial reported 1/44 in the metformin group versus 0/36 in the intensive exercise and diet group with SAEs). One trial reported that 1/1073 participants in the metformin group compared with 2/1079 participants in the comparator group died from cardiovascular causes. One trial reported that no participant died due to cardiovascular causes (very low-quality evidence). Two trials estimated the DMC per participant for metformin varying from $220 to $1177 versus $225 to $3628 in the comparator group (2400 participants; 2 trials; very low-quality evidence). Three RCTs compared metformin with acarbose: all-cause mortality was 1/44 versus 0/45 (89 participants; 1 trial; very low-quality evidence); incidence of T2DM was 12/147 versus 7/148 (RR 1.72, 95% CI 0.72 to 4.14; P = 0.22; 295 participants; 3 trials; low-quality evidence); SAEs were 1/51 versus 2/50 (101 participants; 1 trial; very low-quality evidence). Three RCTs compared metformin with thiazolidinediones: incidence of T2DM was 9/161 versus 9/159 (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.41 to 2.40; P = 0.98; 320 participants; 3 trials; low-quality evidence). SAEs were 3/45 versus 0/41 (86 participants; 1 trial; very low-quality evidence). Three RCTs compared metformin plus intensive diet and exercise with identical intensive diet and exercise: all-cause mortality was 1/121 versus 1/120 participants (450 participants; 2 trials; very low-quality evidence); incidence of T2DM was 48/166 versus 53/166 (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.10 to 2.92; P = 0.49; 332 participants; 2 trials; very low-quality evidence). One trial estimated the DMC of metformin plus intensive diet and exercise to be $270 per participant compared with $225 in the comparator group (94 participants; 1 trial; very-low quality evidence). One trial in 45 participants compared metformin with a sulphonylurea. The trial reported no patient-important outcomes. For all comparisons there were no data on non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke or microvascular complications. We identified 11 ongoing trials which potentially could provide data of interest for this review. These trials will add a total of 17,853 participants in future updates of this review. Authors' conclusions: Metformin compared with placebo or diet and exercise reduced or delayed the risk of T2DM in people at increased risk for the development of T2DM (moderate-quality evidence). However, metformin compared to intensive diet and exercise did not reduce or delay the risk of T2DM (moderate-quality evidence). Likewise, the combination of metformin and intensive diet and exercise compared to intensive diet and exercise only neither showed an advantage or disadvantage regarding the development of T2DM (very low-quality evidence). Data on patient-important outcomes such as mortality, macrovascular and microvascular diabetic complications and health-related quality of life were sparse or missing. Copyright © 2019 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
PFOS Modulates Interactive Epigenetic Regulation in First-Trimester Human Trophoblast Cell Line HTR-8/SVneo; Organic compounds have been linked to adverse pregnancy complications. Perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS), a man-made fluorosurfactant and global pollutant, has been shown to induce oxidative stress in various cell types. Oxidative stress plays a key role in leading several placental diseases including preeclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes, spontaneous abortion, preterm labor, and intrauterine growth restriction. Recently, epigenetic regulation such as histone modifications, DNA methylation, and microRNAs (miRNAs), are shown to be associated with oxidative stress as well as pregnancy complications such as PE. However, whether PFOS exerts its detrimental effects in the placenta through epigenetics remains to be unveiled. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the effect of PFOS-induced reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation in first trimester human trophoblast cell line (HTR-8/SVneo) and whether epigenetic regulation is involved in this process. When treated with a range of PFOS doses at 24 and 48 h, even at 10 μM, it significantly increased the ROS production and decreased gene and protein expression, respectively, of the DNA methyltransferases DNMT1 (p < 0.001; p < 0.05), DNMT3A (p < 0.001; p < 0.05), and DNMT3B (p < 0.01; p < 0.01) and the sirtuins, for example, SIRT1 (p < 0.001; p < 0.001) and SIRT3 (p < 0.001; p < 0.05), while reducing global DNA methylation (p < 0.01) and increasing protein lysine acetylation (p < 0.001) as compared to vehicle controls. Interestingly, PFOS (10 μM) significantly increased miR29-b (p < 0.01), which has been previously reported to be associated with PE. The observed epigenetic effects were shown to be dependent on the expression of miR-29b, as knockdown of miR-29b significantly alters the gene and protein expression of DNMT1, DNMT3A, DNMT3B, SIRT1, and SIRT3 and ROS production as well as global DNA methylation and protein acetylation. This study provides for the first time a novel insight into PFOS-induced ROS generation via regulation of sets of the interactive epigenetic circuit in the placenta, which may lead to pregnancy complications. © 2019 American Chemical Society.
Connecting pancreatic islet lipid metabolism with insulin secretion and the development of type 2 diabetes; Obesity is the major contributing factor for the increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in recent years. Sustained positive influx of lipids is considered to be a precipitating factor for beta cell dysfunction and serves as a connection between obesity and T2D. Importantly, fatty acids (FA), a key building block of lipids, are a double-edged sword for beta cells. FA acutely increase glucose-stimulated insulin secretion through cell-surface receptor and intracellular pathways. However, chronic exposure to FA, combined with elevated glucose, impair the viability and function of beta cells in vitro and in animal models of obesity (glucolipotoxicity), providing an experimental basis for the propensity of beta cell demise under obesity in humans. To better understand the two-sided relationship between lipids and beta cells, we present a current view of acute and chronic handling of lipids by beta cells and implications for beta cell function and health. We also discuss an emerging role for lipid droplets (LD) in the dynamic regulation of lipid metabolism in beta cells and insulin secretion, along with a potential role for LD under nutritional stress in beta cells, and incorporate recent advancement in the field of lipid droplet biology. © 2019 New York Academy of Sciences.
Assessment of circulating betatrophin levels in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Objective: To investigate maternal serum levels of betatrophin and their relationship with total bile acid (TBA) levels in patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Materials and methods: Fifty-nine pregnant women with ICP (31 patients with severe and 28 patients with mild disease classifications) and 23 healthy women with uncomplicated pregnancies as the control group included the study. The maternal betatrophin, fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin (FI), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels of the groups were compared. Results: Serum betatrophin levels were significantly higher in the ICP groups than in the control group (p =.04 and p <.001, respectively). The FI levels and HOMA-IR values were significantly higher in the severe ICP group than in the control group (p =.006 and p =.001, respectively). While a significant positive correlation was found between betatrophin levels and fasting and postprandial TBA levels, there was no significant correlation among betatrophin and HOMA-IR or FI levels. Conclusions: Betatrophin levels were shown to correlate with TBA levels, it provides a model for future studies to understand the physiopathology of ICP, a complex metabolic disease. Changes in betatrophin levels may shed light on the pathogenesis of ICP. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Macrophage Function in the Pathogenesis of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Mac Attack; Obesity is a prevalent predisposing factor to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic liver disease in the developed world. NAFLD spectrum of disease involves progression from steatosis (NAFL), to steatohepatitis (NASH), cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Despite clinical and public health significance, current FDA approved therapies for NAFLD are lacking in part due to insufficient understanding of pathogenic mechanisms driving disease progression. The etiology of NAFLD is multifactorial. The induction of both systemic and tissue inflammation consequential of skewed immune cell metabolic state, polarization, tissue recruitment, and activation are central to NAFLD progression. Here, we review the current understanding of the above stated cellular and molecular processes that govern macrophage contribution to NAFLD pathogenesis and how adipose tissue and liver crosstalk modulates macrophage function. Notably, the manipulation of such events may lead to the development of new therapies for NAFLD. © Copyright © 2019 Oates, McKell, Moreno-Fernandez, Damen, Deepe, Qualls and Divanovic.
Association between the perturbation of bile acid homeostasis and valproic acid-induced hepatotoxicity; Valproic acid (VPA), a widely prescribed antiepileptic drug, is known to induce hepatotoxicity. However, the mechanisms underlying this toxicity are not well understood. In this study, we performed a nontargeted metabolomic analysis of children with epilepsy treated with VPA (n = 23). Metabolic pathway analysis showed that the fatty acid pathway, citrate cycle, urea cycle, amino acid metabolism, and bile acid pathway were altered in children with epilepsy exhibiting VPA hepatotoxicity. In particular, the VPA-induced perturbation of bile acid homeostasis has not been observed previously. Based on these findings, we performed a targeted metabolomic analysis to characterize bile acid profiles and further determined the effects of VPA on the synthesis, transport, and regulation of bile acids in mice. The bile acid metabolomic profiles of the livers of mice treated with VPA indicated an increase in most bile acids, especially chenodeoxycholic acid (CDCA) and deoxycholic acid (DCA), as well as unconjugated bile acids. The upregulation of genes related to bile acid synthesis (CYP7A1 and CYP8B1) and the downregulation of genes related to conjugation (BAAT and BACS) and regulation (FXR and SHP) were detected in the liver, suggesting that hydrophobic bile acid production was increased and FXR signaling was impaired. Our results suggest that the perturbation of bile acid homeostasis and impaired FXR signaling are involved in VPA-induced hepatotoxicity, providing a novel insight into VPA hepatotoxicity. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Body muscle-to-fat ratio gender-specific cut-off values for impaired insulin sensitivity in patients with treatment-naïve type 2 diabetes mellitus; Purpose: We previously reported that the body muscle-to-fat ratio (BMFR), measured using bioelectrical impedance, significantly correlated with whole-body insulin sensitivity. We examined BMFR gender-specific cut-off values for impaired insulin sensitivity in treatment-naïve type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Methods: Subjects included 101 untreated T2DM patients (male, 66; female, 35). We performed a hyperinsulinemic–euglycemic clamp examination to measure the steady-state glucose infusion rate (M value) as an indicator of whole-body insulin resistance. We defined the M value divided by the steady-state serum insulin value as the M/I value. We defined the existence of insulin resistance using an M/I ratio <9.0. The optimal cut-off value for BMFR was calculated by receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis. Results: The cut-off value of the BMFR for insulin resistance was 2.75 (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.83, sensitivity 75%, and specificity 76%, P < 0.001) for males and 1.65 (AUC = 0.87, sensitivity 84%, and specificity 81%, P < 0.001) for females. Simple linear regression analysis showed that BMFR was significantly correlated with the M/I value in both genders (males, B = 0.77, P< 0.01; females, B = 0.83, P< 0.01). Conclusions: BMFR cut-off values for impaired insulin sensitivity in treatment-naïve T2DM patients were 2.75 for males and 1.65 for females. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
A Systematic Review of Vascular Structure and Function in Pre-eclampsia: Non-invasive Assessment and Mechanistic Links; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia, are known to be independently associated with the development of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. In pre-eclampsia, the placenta secretes excess anti-angiogenic factors into the maternal circulation, leading to widespread endothelial damage, and inflammation. This endothelial damage is evidenced to persist beyond the acute illness. However, whether it is permanent and responsible for the elevated rates of premature CVD seen in this at-risk group remains unclear. A systematic review of the available literature with respect to vascular structure and function prior to, during and after a pregnancy complicated by pre-eclampsia was performed. Studies non-invasively assessing vascular structure using carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), retinal microvasculature caliber, CT coronary angiogram, or coronary calcium scores were included. Vascular function was assessed using brachial flow-mediated dilation (FMD), pulse wave analysis (PWA), and peripheral arterial tonometry (PAT). In total 59 articles were included (13 CIMT, 5 CTCA/Ca score, five retinal microvasculature, 27 FMD, 7 PAT, and 14 PWV/PWA), consisting of prospective and retrospective cohort, and case-control studies. Change in vascular structure was evidenced with significant increases in CIMT by 73–180 μm greater than that of non-affected women. This is tempered by other studies reporting resolution of structural changes postpartum, highlighting the need for further research. Accelerated coronary calcification and plaque deposition was identified, with greater rates of increased calcium scores and subclinical coronary artery disease shown by CTCA in women with a history of pre-eclampsia at 30 years postpartum. Impaired endothelial function was consistently reported prior to, during and immediately after pregnancy as evidenced by differences in FMD of 1.7–12.2% less than non-affected women, an increase in PWV by 13.2–26%, and reduced retinal microvascular caliber and arterial elasticity indices. The evidence was less conclusive for the persistence of long-term endothelial dysfunction. Understanding the underlying mechanistic links between pre-eclampsia and CVD is a key step to identifying targeted therapies aimed at “repairing the endothelium” and attenuating risk. This review has highlighted the need for a greater understanding of vascular structure and function following pre-eclampsia through high quality studies with large sample sizes, particularly in the longer postpartum period when clinical CVD disease starts to manifest. © Copyright © 2019 Kirollos, Skilton, Patel and Arnott.
The role of environmental exposures and the epigenome in health and disease; The genetic material of every organism exists within the context of regulatory networks that govern gene expression, collectively called the epigenome. Epigenetics has taken center stage in the study of diseases such as cancer and diabetes, but its integration into the field of environmental health is still emerging. As the Environmental Mutagenesis and Genomics Society (EMGS) celebrates its 50th Anniversary this year, we have come together to review and summarize the seminal advances in the field of environmental epigenomics. Specifically, we focus on the role epigenetics may play in multigenerational and transgenerational transmission of environmentally induced health effects. We also summarize state of the art techniques for evaluating the epigenome, environmental epigenetic analysis, and the emerging field of epigenome editing. Finally, we evaluate transposon epigenetics as they relate to environmental exposures and explore the role of noncoding RNA as biomarkers of environmental exposures. Although the field has advanced over the past several decades, including being recognized by EMGS with its own Special Interest Group, recently renamed Epigenomics, we are excited about the opportunities for environmental epigenetic science in the next 50 years. Environ. Mol. Mutagen. 61:176–192, 2020. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Negative association between serum adropin and hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy; Objective: Study the association of adropin and hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy (HDCP). Methods: Patients with HDCP were matched with normotensive women (47 pairs). Adropin concentrations were detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Compared with the controls, the serum adropin levels were lower in the HDCP group (P < 0.001) and in HDCP subgroups (gestational hypertension, mild preeclampisa, and severe preeclampsia, term, preterm, early onset, and late onset) (all P < 0.05). After adjustment for confounders, adropin remained negatively associated with HDCP (P = 0.027). Conclusion: Lower adropin concentration is significantly associated with HDCP, suggesting that higher or normal adropin levels may be protective against HDCP. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Regulatory peptide Nesfatin-1 and its relationship with metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome is associated with a group of conditions abdominal obesity, high triglyceride levels, reduction in low-density lipoprotein, increased blood pressure, and increased fasting blood glucose. Hence, it poses a risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome increases with age. Nesfatin-1, which affects different systems, has recently been discovered as a regulatory peptide molecule. With the discovery of nesfatin-1, it has been reported to inhibit the intake of nutrients and have significant regulatory effects on energy metabolism. As nesfatin-1 is present in both central and peripheral tissues, it is thought to have many functions. In addition to its suppressive effect on food intake, nesfatin-1 has also been reported to have an effect on the blood glucose level for regulating cardiac functions and affecting obesity by providing weight loss. Considering the effects of nesfatin-1, it may be associated with metabolic syndrome. © 2019, AVES. All rights reserved.
Can functional oligosaccharides reduce the risk of diabetes mellitus?; Diabetes significantly affects the life quality and length of patients with diabetes, and almost half of the 4 million people who die from diabetes are under the age of 60. Because of the increasing number of patients with diabetes and the side effects of antidiabetic drugs, the search for new dietary supplementation from natural resources, especially functional oligosaccharides, has attracted much attention among scientific researchers. Functional oligosaccharides are potential antidiabetic treatments because of their nondigestible, low-calorie, and probiotic features. The antidiabetic activity of multiple functional oligosaccharides such as fructo-oligosaccharides, galacto-oligosaccharides, and xylo-oligosaccharides has been reviewed in this paper. Molecular mechanisms involved in the antidiabetic activity of oligosaccharides have been systematically discussed from multiple perspectives, including the improvement of pancreas function, α-glucosidase inhibition, the relief of insulin and leptin resistance, anti-inflammatory effects, regulation of gut microbiota and hormones, and the intervention of diabetic risk factors. In addition, the antidiabetic effects of functional oligosaccharides through the complex gut-brain-liver axis are summarized. The concepts addressed in this review have important clinical implications, although more works are needed to confirm the antidiabetic mechanisms of functional oligosaccharides, standardize safe dose levels, and clarify their metabolism in the human body.—Zhu, D., Yan, Q., Liu, J., Wu, X., Jiang, Z. Can functional oligosaccharides reduce the risk of diabetes mellitus? FASEB J. 33, 11655-11667 (2019). www.fasebj.org. © FASEB
Association of Prenatal and Perinatal Exposures to Particulate Matter with Changes in Hemoglobin A1c Levels in Children Aged 4 to 6 Years; Importance: Environmental risk factors for childhood type 2 diabetes, an increasing global problem, are understudied. Air pollution exposure has been reported to be a risk factor for this condition. Objective: To examine the association between prenatal and perinatal exposures to fine particulate matter with a diameter less than 2.5 μm (PM2.5) and changes in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), a measure of glycated hemoglobin and marker of glucose dysregulation, in children aged 4 to 7 years. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Programming Research in Obesity, Growth, Environment, and Social Stressors (PROGRESS) study, a birth cohort study conducted in Mexico City, Mexico, recruited pregnant women from July 3, 2007, to February 21, 2011, through public health maternity clinics. The present analysis includes 365 mother-child pairs followed up until the child was approximately 7 years of age. This study included data from only study visits at approximately 4 to 5 years (visit 1) and 6 to 7 years (visit 2) post partum because HbA1c levels were not measured in earlier visits. The data were analyzed from March 11, 2018, to May 3, 2019. Exposures: Daily PM2.5 exposure estimates at participants' home addresses from 4 weeks prior to mothers' date of last menstrual period (LMP), a marker of the beginning of pregnancy, to 12 weeks after the due date. Exposure was estimated from satellite measurements and calibrated against ground PM2.5 measurements, land use, and meteorological variables. Main Outcomes and Measures: Outcomes included HbA1c levels at 4 to 5 years and 6 to 7 years of age, and the change in the level from the former age group to the latter. Results: The sample included 365 children, of whom 184 (50.4%) were girls. The mean (range) age of the children was 4.8 (4.0-6.4) years at visit 1, and 6.7 (6.0-9.7) years at visit 2. At the time of delivery, the mean (range) age of the mothers was 27.7 (18.3-44.4) years, with a mean (range) prepregnancy body mass index of 26.4 (18.5-43.5). The mean (SD) prenatal PM2.5 exposure (22.4 μg/m3 [2.7 μg/m3]) was associated with an annual increase in HbA1c levels of 0.25% (95% CI, 0.004%-0.50%) from age 4 to 5 years to 6 to 7 years compared with exposure at 12 μg/m3, the national regulatory standard in Mexico. Sex-specific effect estimates were statistically significant for girls (β = 0.21%; 95% CI, 0.10% to 0.32%) but not for boys (β = 0.31%; 95% CI, -0.09% to 0.72%). The statistically significant windows of exposure were from week 28 to 50.6 after the mother's LMP for the overall cohort and from week 11 to the end of the study period for girls. Lower HbA1c levels were observed at age 4 to 5 years in girls (β = -0.72%; 95% CI, -1.31% to -0.13%, exposure window from week 16 to 37.3) and boys (β = -0.98%; 95% CI, -1.70% to -0.26%, exposure window from the beginning of the study period to week 32.7), but no significant association was found in the overall cohort (β = -0.13%; 95% CI, -1.27% to 1.01%). There was no significant association between PM2.5 exposure and HbA1c level at age 6 to 7 years in any group. Conclusions and Relevance: The findings of this study suggest that prenatal and perinatal exposures to PM2.5 are associated with changes in HbA1c, which are indicative of glucose dysregulation, in early childhood. Further research is needed because this finding may represent a risk factor for childhood or adolescent diabetes..
Mechanism of dyslipidemia in obesity—unique regulation of ileal villus cell brush border membrane sodium–bile acid cotransport; In obesity, increased absorption of dietary fat contributes to altered lipid homeostasis. In turn, dyslipidemia of obesity leads to many of the complications of obesity. Bile acids are necessary for the absorption of dietary fat. In the mammalian intestine, apical sodium-dependent bile acid cotransporter (ASBT; SLC10A2) is exclusively responsible for the reabsorption of bile acids in the terminal ileum. In rat and mice models of obesity and importantly in obese humans, ASBT was increased in ileal villus cells. The mechanism of stimulation of ASBT was secondary to an increase in ASBT expression in villus cell brush border membrane. The stimulation of ASBT was not secondary to the altered Na-extruding capacity of villus cells during obesity. Further, increased Farnesoid X receptor (FXR) expression in villus cells during obesity likely mediated the increase in ASBT. Moreover, enhanced FXR expression increased the expression of bile-acid-associated proteins (IBABP and OSTα) that are responsible for handling bile acids absorbed via ASBT in villus cells during obesity. Thus, this study demonstrated that in an epidemic condition, obesity, the dyslipidemia that leads to many of the complications of the condition, may, at least in part, be due to deregulation of intestinal bile acid absorption. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Inulin-type fructans supplementation improves glycemic control for the prediabetes and type 2 diabetes populations: Results from a GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of 33 randomized controlled trials; Background: Currently, many clinical trials have shown that inulin-type fructans (ITF) supplementation is associated with glycemic control; nevertheless, the results are inconclusive. The aim of this meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was to assess the effects of ITF supplementation on glycemic control. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE and the Cochrane Library were searched for eligible articles up to March 6, 2019. A random-effects model was used to analyze the pooled results, and the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system was applied to assess the quality of evidence. The dose-response model was used to recommend the daily dose and duration for ITF supplementation. Results: Thirty-three trials involving 1346 participants were included. Overall, ITF supplementation could significantly reduce concentrations of fasting blood glucose (FBG), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting insulin (FINS) and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). In the prediabetes and type 2 diabetes (T2DM) population, a more significant reduction in FBG [weighted mean difference (WMD): - 0.60 mmol/l; 95% CI - 0.71, - 0.48 mmol/l; high rate], HbA1c (WMD: - 0.58%; 95% CI - 0.83, - 0.32%; high rate), FINS (WMD: - 1.75 μU/ml; 95% CI - 2.87, - 0.63 μU/ml; low rate), and HOMA-IR (WMD: - 0.69; 95% CI - 1.10, - 0.28; low rate) were observed, and ITF supplementation with a daily dose of 10 g for a duration of 6 weeks and longer was recommended. Moreover, subgroup analyses suggested that the effects of glycemic control were significantly influenced by the sex of the subjects and the type and the method of intake of ITF. Conclusions: Our analyses confirmed that these four main glycemic indicators were significantly reduced by ITF supplementation, particularly in the prediabetes and T2DM population. Evidence supports that reasonable administration of ITF supplementation may have potential clinical value as an adjuvant therapy for prediabetes and T2DM management. Trial registration The trial was registered at PROSPERO as CRD42018115875 on November 23, 2018. © 2019 The Author(s).
Type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-Analysis of prevalence studies in women of childbearing age in the Middle East and North Africa, 2000-2018; Background: Investing in women's health is an inevitable investment in our future. We systematically reviewed the available evidence and summarized the weighted prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and pre-diabetes mellitus (pre-DM) in women of childbearing age (15-49 years) in the Middle East and North African (MENA) region. Methods: We comprehensively searched six electronic databases to retrieve published literature and prevalence studies on T2DM and pre-DM in women of childbearing age in the MENA. Retrieved citations were screened and data were extracted by at least two independent reviewers. Weighted T2DM and pre-DM prevalence was estimated using the random-effects model. Results: Of the 10,010 screened citations, 48 research reports were eligible. Respectively, 46 and 24 research reports on T2DM and pre-DM prevalence estimates, from 14 and 10 countries, were included. Overall, the weighted T2DM and pre-DM prevalence in 14 and 10 MENA countries, respectively, were 7.5% (95% confidence interval [CI], 6.1-9.0) and 7.6% (95% CI, 5.2-10.4). In women sampled from general populations, T2DM prevalence ranged from 0.0 to 35.2% (pooled, 7.7%; 95% CI, 6.1-9.4%) and pre-DM prevalence ranged from 0.0 to 40.0% (pooled, 7.9%; 95% CI, 5.3-11.0%). T2DM was more common in the Fertile Crescent countries (10.7%, 95% CI, 5.2-17.7%), followed by the Arab Peninsula countries (7.6%, 95% CI, 5.9-9.5%) and North African countries and Iran (6.5%, 95% CI, 4.3-9.1%). Pre-DM prevalence was highest in the Fertile Crescent countries (22.7%, 95% CI, 14.2-32.4%), followed by the Arab Peninsula countries (8.6%, 95% CI, 5.5-12.1%) and North Africa and Iran (3.3%, 95% CI, 1.0-6.7%). Conclusions: T2DM and pre-DM are common in women of childbearing age in MENA countries. The high DM burden in this vital population group could lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and acceleration of the intergenerational risk of DM. Our review presented data and highlighted gaps in the evidence of the DM burden in women of childbearing age, to inform policy-makers and researchers. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42017069231 © 2019 The Author(s).
Maternal selenium status is profoundly involved in metabolic fetal programming by modulating insulin resistance, oxidative balance and energy homeostasis; Purpose: High and low levels of selenium (Se) have been related to metabolic disorders in dams and in their offspring. Their relationship to oxidative balance and to AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is some of the mechanisms proposed. The aim of this study is to acquire information about how Se is involved in metabolic programming. Methods: Three experimental groups of dam rats were used: control (Se: 0.1 ppm), Se supplemented (Se: 0.5 ppm) and Se deficient (Se: 0.01 ppm). At the end of lactation, the pups’ metabolic profile, oxidative balance, Se levels, selenoproteins and IRS-1 hepatic expression, as well as hepatic AMPK activation were measured. Results: The experimental groups present deep changes in Se homeostasis, selenoproteins and IRS-1 hepatic expression, oxidative balance, AMPK activation ratio and insulin levels. They do, however, have different metabolic profiles. Conclusions: High- and low-Se diets are linked to insulin resistance, yet the mechanisms involved are completely opposite. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Effect of selenium supplementation on glycemic indices: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Purpose: The association between selenium supplementation and glycemic indices seems to be a controversial issue. This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate the effect of selenium supplementation on glycemic indices. Methods: We systematically searched PubMed/MEDLINE, ISI/WOS, and Scopus (from their commencements up to Jan 2016) for relevant studies examining the association between intake of selenium and glycemic indices. The data were extracted from relevant qualified studies and estimated using the random-effect or pooled model and standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: Twelve articles published between 2004 and 2016 were included. In all the studies, the participants were randomly assigned to an intervention group (n = 757) or a control group(n = 684). All the studies were double blind, placebo controlled trials. Selenium supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in homeostasis model of assessment-estimated β-cell function (HOMA-B) (SMD: -0.63; 95%CI: −0.89 to −0.38) and a significant increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (SMD: by 0.74; 95%CI: 0.49 to 0.1) as compared with the controls. There were no statistically significant improvements in glycemic indices, such as fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin, homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and adiponectin. Conclusion: This meta-analysis indicated that selenium supplementation significantly decreased HOMA-B and increased QUICKI score. There was no statistically significant improvement in FPG, insulin, HOMA-IR, HbA1c and adiponectin indices following selenium supplementation. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Favorable Changes in Fasting Glucose in a 6-month Self-Monitored Lifestyle Modification Programme Inversely Affects Spexin Levels in Females with Prediabetes; Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide thought to have a role in various metabolic regulations. Given its presumed body-weight regulatory functions, we aimed to determine whether lifestyle intervention programs on weight loss and fasting glucose (FG) improvement among people with impaired glucose regulation also alter levels of circulating SPX. A total of 160 Saudi adult males and females with prediabetes were randomly selected from a larger cohort (N = 294) who underwent a 6-month lifestyle modification program to improve their glycemic status. Participants were split into two groups based on differences in glucose levels post-intervention, with the first 50% (improved group) having the most significant reduction in FG. SPX was measured at baseline and after 6 months. Changes in SPX was significant only in the improved group [baseline: median (Q1–Q3) of 164 pg/ml (136–227) vs follow-up: 176 pg/ml (146–285); p < 0.01]. When stratified by sex, the significant increase was observed only in females [159 pg/ml (127–252) vs 182.5 (152,369.1); p < 0.01]. Furthermore, SPX levels showed a significant inverse association with FG (β = −0.22, p = 0.003) even after adjustment with age and BMI, again only in females. Circulating SPX levels increase over time in people with prediabetes, particularly women who responded favorably in a 6-month lifestyle intervention program. Whether an unknown mechanism regulating the sexual disparity seen in SPX levels post-intervention exists should be further investigated using a larger sample size. © 2019, The Author(s).
The intestinal microbiota fuelling metabolic inflammation; Low-grade inflammation is the hallmark of metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Emerging evidence indicates that these disorders are characterized by alterations in the intestinal microbiota composition and its metabolites, which translocate from the gut across a disrupted intestinal barrier to affect various metabolic organs, such as the liver and adipose tissue, thereby contributing to metabolic inflammation. Here, we discuss some of the recently identified mechanisms that showcase the role of the intestinal microbiota and barrier dysfunction in metabolic inflammation. We propose a concept by which the gut microbiota fuels metabolic inflammation and dysregulation. © 2019, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Metabolic Status in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: a Randomized Double-Blind Clinical Trial; Data on the effects of synbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles, and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are limited. The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of synbiotic supplementation on glycemic control and lipid profiles in women with PCOS. A prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was done at the Naghavi Hospital affiliated to Kashan University of Medical Sciences, Kashan, Iran, between April 2017 and June 2017. Sixty women with PCOS were randomized to intake synbiotic capsule containing Lactobacillus acidophilus strain T16 (IBRC-M10785), Lactobacillus casei strain T2 (IBRC-M10783), and Bifidobacterium bifidum strain T1 (IBRC-M10771) (2 × 109 CFU/g each) plus 800 mg inulin (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 12-week intervention to determine related variables. Compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in serum insulin concentrations (− 2.8 ± 4.1 vs. + 1.8 ± 6.4 μIU/mL, P = 0.002) and homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (− 0.7 ± 1.0 vs. + 0.4 ± 1.5, P = 0.002), and a significant elevation in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+ 0.01 ± 0.01 vs. − 0.01 ± 0.03, P < 0.001). In addition, significant decreases in serum triglycerides (− 16.2 ± 31.4 vs. + 5.8 ± 23.1 mg/dL, P = 0.003), VLDL-cholesterol concentrations (− 3.3 ± 6.3 vs. + 1.1 ± 4.6 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and AIP (− 0.05 ± 0.08 vs. − 0.003 ± 0.10 mg/dL, P = 0.03) were seen following the supplementation of synbiotic compared with the placebo. Overall, we found that synbiotic supplementation to women with PCOS for 12 weeks had beneficial effects on markers of insulin resistance, triglycerides, VLDL-cholesterol concentrations, and AIP, but did not influence other lipid profiles. Trial registration: www.irct.ir: IRCT201604015623N71. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Prediction of 5-year risk of diabetes mellitus in relatively low risk middle-aged and elderly adults; Aims: To determine the potential risk factors and construct the predictive model of diabetic risk among a relatively low risk middle-aged and elderly Chinese population. Methods: Information of participants was collected in the Dongfeng-Tongji cohort study, a perspective cohort study of Chinese occupational population. The main outcome was incident type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Based on the conventional risk factors of diabetes, we defined low risk participants without underlying diseases such as coronary heart disease, stroke, cancer, dyslipidemia, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, obesity and family history of diabetes. Totally, 4833 participants from the Dongfeng-Tongji cohort study were enrolled, and of them, 171 had an incident diagnosis of T2DM during 4.6 years of follow-up period. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate effects of risk factors. The restricted cubic spline regression and the Youden index were used to explore the optimal cutoffs of risk factors, and the C index was used to assess the discrimination power of prediction models. Results: There were significant linear relationships between BMI/TG level/fasting glucose level and incident diabetic risk among low risk participants. In the restricted cubic spline regression, when fasting glucose level was above 5.4 mmol/L, TG above 1.06 mmol/L and BMI above 22 kg/m2, the HRs (95% CIs) of diabetes were above 1.0. The detailed HRs (95% CI) were 1.29 (1.01, 1.64), 2.57 (1.00, 6.58), and 1.49 (1.00, 2.22), respectively. The optimal cutoff determined by the Yonden index was 1.1 mmol/L for TG, 24 kg/m2 for BMI and 5.89 mmol/L for fasting plasma glucose, respectively. The C index was 0.75 (95% CI: 0.7–0.81) when age, sex, smoke status, physical activity, BMI (< 24 kg/m2 and ≥ 24 kg/m2), TG (< 1.1 mmol/L and ≥ 1.1 mmol/L), and FPG (< 5.89 mmol/L and ≥ 5.89 mmol/L) were introduced into the diabetes predictive model. Conclusions: Fasting plasma glucose level, BMI, and triglyceride level were still dominated factors to predict 5-year diabetic risk among the relatively low risk participants. The cutoff values for fasting plasma glucose, TG, and BMI set as 5.89 mmol/L, 1.1 mmol/L, and 24 kg/m2, respectively, had the best predictive discrimination of diabetes. © 2019, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Increased Alkaline Phosphatase in Cord Blood of Obese Diabetic Mothers Is Associated to Polyunstaurated Fatty Acid Levels; Introduction: Recent studies indicate that alkaline phosphatase (ALP) may affect expression and activity of fatty acid (FA) transport proteins in placenta and other tissues. Objective: To evaluate if disturbed FA profile in offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with different maternal pregestational weight could be related to maternal or neonatal ALP. Methods: Prospective observational study of pregnant women recruited in the third trimester (25 controls, 23 lean-GDM, 20 obese-GDM). Fetal ultrasound was performed. At delivery, FAs were analyzed in placenta, maternal, and venous cord blood. Western blotting analysis of lipid carriers was performed in placenta. Results: Newborns from obese-GDM tended to higher birthweight (p = 0.059) than those from both lean-GDM and controls. ALP in maternal blood tended to be lower in GDM (p = 0.170) while increased significantly in cord blood of obese-GDM with respect to controls (p = 0.039). Saturated FA percentages in cord blood were significantly higher (p < 0.000), while polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) percentages were lower (p = 0.003) in both GDM, which could be due to a lower expression of major family domain 2a receptor (MFSD2a) in the placenta. Plasma ALP in the offspring of obese-GDM was inversely associated to cord essential PUFAs (β = -6.18, p = 0.005) and to placental MFSD2a (β = -38.46, p = 0.014). Conclusions: Cord PUFA and placental MFSD2a are decreased in both lean and obese-GDM pregnancies. Higher ALP in cord blood of obese-GDM could play a role in the FA levels in these pregnancies. © 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide Metabolites in Early Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Nested Case-Control Study; Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the associations between trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and related metabolites in early pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design: A prospective cohort of 22,302 pregnant women from 2010 to 2012 in Tianjin, China, was used to perform a nested case-control study. A total of 243 women with GDM and 243 women without GDM matched by maternal age (±1 year) were used as cases and controls, respectively. Conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline were used to examine the full-range risk associations between individual TMAOs metabolites at the first antenatal care visit with GDM. Trimethylamine conversion ratio (TMAR) was defined as trimethylamine (TMA)/its precursors, and trimethylamine N-oxide conversion ratio (TMAOR) was defined as TMAO/TMA. An additive interaction between high TMAR and low TMAOR indicates a state of TMA accumulation, and a mathematical interaction between high TMAR and high TMAOR indicates accumulation of TMAO. Results: TMA was linearly associated with GDM, whereas TMA precursors and TMAO were inversely associated with GDM with clear threshold effects, i.e., 16 nmol/mL for TMAO, 200 nmol/mL for betaine, 112 nmol/mL for l-carnitine, and 110 and 270 nmol/mL for cholinechloride (a U-shaped relationship). Copresence of TMAR >0.35 and TMAOR ≤0.15 was associated with a markedly higher OR (11.16; 95% CI, 5.45 to 22.8), compared with TMAR >0.35 only (OR = 1.71; 95% CI, 0.42 to 6.95) or TMAOR ≤0.15 only (OR = 2.06; 95% CI, 1.09 to 3.90), with a significant additive interaction. However, the mathematical interaction was nonsignificant. Conclusions: TMAO metabolites in the early pregnancy were associated with the risk of GDM, whereas TMA was more likely to play a causal role in GDM. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Gestational hypercholesterolemia alters fetal hepatic lipid metabolism and microRNA expression in Apo-E-deficient mice; Maternal hypercholesterolemia (MHC) is a pathological condition characterized by an exaggerated rise in maternal serum cholesterol during gestation, which can alter offspring hepatic lipid metabolism. However, the extent that these maladaptations occur during gestation and the molecular mechanisms involved remain unknown. MicoRNAs (miRNA) are small, noncoding RNAs that contribute to the development and progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Therefore, we sought to determine the degree to which in utero exposure to excessive cholesterol affects fetal hepatic lipid metabolism and miRNA expression. Twelve female apoE_/_ mice were randomly assigned to two different chow-based diets throughout gestation: Control (CON) or the CON diet with cholesterol (0.15%). MHC reduced maternal fecundity and reduced litter size and weight. On gestational day 18, fetuses from MHC dams possessed increased placental cholesterol and hepatic triglycerides (TG), which were accompanied by a downregulation in the expression of hepatic lipogenic and TG synthesis and transport genes. Furthermore, fetal livers from MHC mothers showed increased miRNA-27a and reduced miRNA-200c expression. In summary, in utero exposure to MHC alters fetal lipid metabolism and lends mechanistic insight that implicates early changes in miRNA expression that may link to later-life programming of disease risk. © 2019 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Assessment of Pharmacology, Safety, and Metabolic activity of Capsaicin Feeding in Mice; Capsaicin (CAP) activates transient receptor potential vanilloid subfamily 1 (TRPV1) to counter high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity. Several studies suggest that CAP induces the browning of white adipocytes in vitro or inguinal white adipose tissue (iWAT) in vivo. However, there is a lack of data on the dose-response for CAP to inhibit HFD-induced obesity. Therefore, we first performed experiments to correlate the effect of various doses of CAP to prevent HFD-induced weight gain in wild-type (WT) mice. Next, we performed a subchronic safety study in WT mice fed a normal chow diet (NCD ± CAP, 0.01% in NCD) or HFD ± CAP (0.01% in HFD) for eight months. We analyzed the expression of adipogenic and thermogenic genes and proteins in the iWAT from these mice, conducted histological studies of vital organs, measured the inflammatory cytokines in plasma and iWAT, and evaluated liver and kidney functions. The dose-response study showed that CAP, at doses above 0.001% in HFD, countered HFD-induced obesity in mice. However, no difference in the anti-obesity effect of CAP was observed at doses above 0.003% in HFD. Also, CAP, above 0.001%, enhanced the expression of sirtuin-1 and thermogenic uncoupling protein 1 (UCP-1) in the iWAT. Safety analyses suggest that CAP did not cause inflammation. However, HFD elevated plasma alanine aminotransferase and creatinine, caused iWAT hypertrophy and hepatic steatosis, and CAP reversed these. Our data suggest that CAP antagonizes HFD-induced metabolic stress and inflammation, while it does not cause any systemic toxicities and is well tolerated by mice. © 2019, The Author(s).
C677T genotypes in methyltetrahydrofolate reductase gene in student obesity; Obesity is known as weight gaining programme which leads to increase in body mass index (BMI), is known for significant risk factors for chronic diseases. The prevalence of obesity has been rising in South Asian countries, specifically in Pakistan. Numerous studies have shown the association with metabolic diseases (ex; obesity) with single nucleotide polymorphisms. The present study has been designed to investigate the association between C677T polymorphism in methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene with obesity in Pakistan population. In this case-control study, we have enrolled 200 obese students and 200 non-obese or control students based on the BMI. Genomic DNA was isolated with enrolled 400 blood samples and PCR was performed with C677T polymorphism in the MTHFR gene to analyse the frequency. Later on restriction enzyme length polymorphism analysis was carried out for the undigested PCR products. Genotyping frequencies for C677T polymorphism were compared between obesity and non-obesity students. Genotype, allele and various genetic model of inheritances were calculated and documented the significant association (p < 0.05). However, Anova analysis couldn't document the positive association when we measured with C677T polymorphism in obesity cases versus anthropometric measurement such as age, weight and BMI (p > 0.05). The present study concludes C677T polymorphism in MTHFR gene was genetically associated between the obesity risks in Pakistan population. However, relation with Anova analysis showed the negative association with C677T polymorphism. © 2019 The Authors
Prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16 years after pregnancy; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be at an increased risk of liver complications because chronic hyperglycemia is a risk factor for liver fat accumulation and potential liver dysfunction. Large prospective studies examining liver fat accumulation following a GDM pregnancy are lacking. Methods: The Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014) examined the association between GDM and subsequent fatty liver scores among 607 women with and 619 women without GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort. Nine to 16 years postpartum, a clinical examination was performed, with measurement of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and γ-glutamyl transferase, from which fatty liver scoring indices were calculated to assess liver fat score, fatty liver index, hepatic steatosis index, and liver fat percentage. Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for elevated liver scoring indices by GDM status were assessed adjusting for major risk factors, including prepregnancy body mass index. Results: Women with prior GDM had higher adjusted ALT and AST levels than women without GDM (by 6.7% [95% CI 1.7-12.0] and 4.8% [95% CI 0.6-9.1], respectively). Women with GDM also had adjusted increased risks for elevated liver fat score (RR 2.34; 95% CI 1.68-3.27), fatty liver index (RR 1.59; 95% CI 1.27-1.99), and hepatic steatosis index (RR 1.44; 95% CI 1.21-1.71). Conclusions: Women with GDM during pregnancy were at an increased risk for fatty liver 9 to 16 years postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus may serve as another risk indicator for the early identification and prevention of liver fat accumulation. © 2019 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Obesity during pregnancy results in maternal intestinal inflammation, placental hypoxia, and alters fetal glucose metabolism at mid-gestation; We investigated whether diet-induced changes in the maternal intestinal microbiota were associated with changes in bacterial metabolites and their receptors, intestinal inflammation, and placental inflammation at mid-gestation (E14.5) in female mice fed a control (17% kcal fat, n = 7) or a high-fat diet (HFD 60% kcal fat, n = 9; ad libitum) before and during pregnancy. Maternal diet-induced obesity (mDIO) resulted in a reduction in maternal fecal short-chain fatty acid producing Lachnospiraceae, lower cecal butyrate, intestinal antimicrobial peptide levels, and intestinal SCFA receptor Ffar3, Ffar2 and Hcar2 transcript levels. mDIO increased maternal intestinal pro-inflammatory NFκB activity, colonic CD3+ T cell number, and placental inflammation. Maternal obesity was associated with placental hypoxia, increased angiogenesis, and increased transcript levels of glucose and amino acid transporters. Maternal and fetal markers of gluconeogenic capacity were decreased in pregnancies complicated by obesity. We show that mDIO impairs bacterial metabolite signaling pathways in the mother at mid-gestation, which was associated with significant structural changes in placental blood vessels, likely as a result of placental hypoxia. It is likely that maternal intestinal changes contribute to adverse maternal and placental adaptations that, via alterations in fetal hepatic glucose handling, may impart increased risk of metabolic dysfunction in offspring. © 2019, The Author(s).
Plasma Metabolomics to Identify and Stratify Patients with Impaired Glucose Tolerance; Objective: Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is one of the presymptomatic states of type 2 diabetes mellitus and requires an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) for diagnosis. Our aims were twofold: (i) characterize signatures of small molecules predicting the OGTT response and (ii) identify metabolic subgroups of participants with IGT. Methods: Plasma samples from 827 participants of the Study of Health in Pomerania free of diabetes were measured using mass spectrometry and proton-nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Linear regression analyses were used to screen for metabolites significantly associated with the OGTT response after 2 hours, adjusting for baseline glucose and insulin levels as well as important confounders. A signature predictive for IGT was established using regularized logistic regression. All cases with IGT (N = 159) were selected and subjected to unsupervised clustering using a k-means approach. Results and Conclusion: In total, 99 metabolites and 22 lipoprotein measures were significantly associated with either 2-hour glucose or 2-hour insulin levels. Those comprised variations in baseline concentrations of branched-chain amino ketoacids, acylcarnitines, lysophospholipids, or phosphatidylcholines, largely confirming previous studies. By the use of these metabolites, subjects with IGT segregated into two distinct groups. Our IGT prediction model combining both clinical and metabolomics traits achieved an area under the curve of 0.84, slightly improving the prediction based on established clinical measures. The present metabolomics approach revealed molecular signatures associated directly to the response of the OGTT and to IGT in line with previous studies. However, clustering of subjects with IGT revealed distinct metabolic signatures of otherwise similar individuals, pointing toward the possibility of metabolomics for patient stratification. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Association between circulating neuregulin4 levels and diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of observational studies; Introduction Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) was proven as a brown fat-enriched secreted factor that can regulate glucose and lipid metabolism. However, the association between circulating Nrg4 levels and diabetes mellitus (DM) in human remains unclear. We conducted a meta-analysis to investigate association of circulating Nrg4 with DM. Methods Observational studies comparing circulating Nrg4 levels in diabetes patients and health controls were included. Circulating Nrg4, correlation coefficients of clinical indices and circulating Nrg4 were pooled by meta-analysis. Results Seven studies were included. The pooled results indicated there were no significant difference in the circulating Nrg4 between diabetes patients and controls (SMD = 0.18, 95%CI = -0.06 to 0.42, P = 0.143). However, diabetes patients had higher circulating Nrg4 than their controls in cross-sectional studies (SMD = 0.55, 95%CI = 0.36 to 0.73, P<0.001). None of the renal function and metabolic syndrome markers were correlated with circulating Nrg4, whereas the HbA1c and BMI were positively correlated (rs = 0.09, 95%CI = 0.03 to 0.16, P = 0.005; rs = 0.20, 95%CI = 0.07 to 0.34, P = 0.003; respectively). Conclusion Our findings suggested circulating Nrg4 may play a role in in the development of DM in cross-sectional studies and circulating Nrg4 might be associated with imbalance in glucose metabolism and obesity. © 2019 Wang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Intrabody against prolyl hydroxylase 2 promotes angiogenesis by stabilizing hypoxia-inducible factor-1α; Hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1α is a crucial transcription factor that regulates the expression of target genes involved in angiogenesis. Prolyl hydroxylase 2 (PHD2) dominantly hydroxylates two highly conserved proline residues of HIF-1α to promote its degradation. This study was designed to construct an intrabody against PHD2 that can inhibit PHD2 activity and promote angiogenesis. Single-chain variable fragment (scFv) against PHD2, INP, was isolated by phage display technique and was modified with an endoplasmic reticulum (ER) sequence to obtain ER-retained intrabody against PHD2 (ER-INP). ER-INP was efficiently expressed and bound to PHD2 in cells, significantly increased the levels of HIF-1α, and decreased hydroxylated HIF-1α in human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293) cells and mouse mononuclear macrophage leukaemia cell line (RAW264.7) cells. ER-INP has shown distinct angiogenic activity both in vitro and in vivo, as ER-INP expression significantly promoted the migration and tube formation of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and enhanced angiogenesis of chick chorioallantoic membranes (CAMs). Furthermore, ER-INP promoted distinct expression and secretion of a range of angiogenic factors. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to report an ER-INP intrabody enhancing angiogenesis by blocking PHD2 activity to increase HIF-1α abundance and activity. These results indicate that ER-INP may play a role in the clinical treatment of tissue injury and ischemic diseases in the future. © 2019, The Author(s).
Non-invasive diagnosis of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and fibrosis with the use of omics and supervised learning: A proof of concept study; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 25–30% of the general population and is characterized by the presence of non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFL) that can progress to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), liver fibrosis and cirrhosis leading to hepatocellular carcinoma. To date, liver biopsy is the gold standard for the diagnosis of NASH and for staging liver fibrosis. This study aimed to train models for the non-invasive diagnosis of NASH and liver fibrosis based on measurements of lipids, glycans and biochemical parameters in peripheral blood and with the use of different machine learning methods. Methods: We performed a lipidomic, glycomic and free fatty acid analysis in serum samples of 49 healthy subjects and 31 patients with biopsy-proven NAFLD (15 with NAFL and 16 with NASH). The data from the above measurements combined with measurements of 4 hormonal parameters were analyzed with two different platforms and five different machine learning tools. Results: 365 lipids, 61 glycans and 23 fatty acids were identified with mass-spectrometry and liquid chromatography. Robust differences in the concentrations of specific lipid species were observed between healthy, NAFL and NASH subjects. One-vs-Rest (OvR) support vector machine (SVM) models with recursive feature elimination (RFE) including 29 lipids or combining lipids with glycans and/or hormones (20 or 10 variables total) could differentiate with very high accuracy (up to 90%) between the three conditions. In an exploratory analysis, a model consisting of 10 lipid species could robustly discriminate between the presence of liver fibrosis or not (98% accuracy). Conclusion: We propose novel models utilizing lipids, hormones and glycans that can diagnose with high accuracy the presence of NASH, NAFL or healthy status. Additionally, we report a combination of lipids that can diagnose the presence of liver fibrosis. Both models should be further trained prospectively and validated in large independent cohorts. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Early life high-fat diet exposure maintains glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity with a fatty liver and small brain size in the adult offspring; Diet during pregnancy has long lasting consequences on the offspring, warranting a study on the impact of early exposure to a high fat diet on the adult offspring. We hypothesized that a prenatal n-6 enriched diet will have adverse metabolic outcomes on the adult offspring that may be reversed with a postnatal n-3 enriched diet. To test this hypothesis, we examined the adult offspring from three groups: (1) n-6 group: during gestation and lactation, dams consumed an n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched diet, (2) n-3 group: gestational n-6 diet was followed by an n-3 enriched diet during lactation, and (3) a control (CD) group that received standard diet throughout gestation and lactation. Offspring from all groups weaned to a control diet ad libitum. Beginning at postnatal day 2 (P < .03) and persisting at 360 days in males (P < .04), an increase in hypothalamic AgRP expression occurred in the n-6 and n-3 groups, with an increase in food intake (P = .01), and the n-3 group displaying lower body (P < .03) and brain (P < .05) weights. At 360 days, the n-6 and n-3 groups remained glucose tolerant and insulin sensitive, with increased phosphorylated-AMP-activated protein kinase (P < .05). n-6 group developed hepatic steatosis with reduced hepatic reflected as higher plasma microRNA-122 (P < .04) that targets pAMPK. We conclude that early life exposure to n-6 and n-3 led to hypothalamic AgRP-related higher food intake, with n-6 culminating in a fatty liver partially mitigated by postnatal n-3. While both diets preserved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, postnatal n-3 displayed detrimental effects on the brain. © 2019
Associations of Leptin Receptor and Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Gamma Polymorphisms with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Meta-Analysis; Background: Previous studies on associations of leptin receptor (LEPR) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG) polymorphisms with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) yielded conflicting results. Objectives: In this meta-analysis, we aimed to better analyze the relationship between LEPR/PPARG polymorphisms and PCOS in a larger pooled population. Methods: We performed a systematic search of PubMed, Web of Science, Embase and CNKI. We calculated pooled ORs and 95% CIs to estimate associations between LEPR/PPARG polymorphisms and PCOS. Results: Totally, 33 eligible studies were included. A significant association with susceptibility to PCOS was observed for LEPR rs1137101 polymorphism under recessive genetic model (p = 0.002, OR 1.88, 95% CI 1.26-2.78, I<>2<> = 42%) and for PPARG rs1801282 polymorphism under dominant (p = 0.007, OR 1.20, 95% CI 1.05-1.36, I<>2<> = 49%), overdominant (p = 0.02, OR 0.85, 95% CI 0.74-0.97, I<>2<> = 48%), and allele (p = 0.006, OR 1.18, 95% CI 1.05-1.33, I<>2<> = 47%) genetic models in overall population. Further subgroup analyses by ethnicity revealed that LEPR rs1137101 and PPARG rs3856806 polymorphisms were both significantly associated with susceptibility to PCOS in Asians. No any positive results were detected in overall and subgroup analyses. Conclusions: Our meta-analysis suggested that LEPR rs1137101, PPARG rs1801282, and rs3856806 polymorphisms were all significantly associated with individual susceptibility to PCOS in certain populations. © 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel. Copyright: All rights reserved.
New insights into the function of melatonin and its role in metabolic disturbances; Introduction: Melatonin is a pineal hormone that has acquired several unique modes of regulating the physiological effects in mammals due to its characteristic phylogenetic history. While melatonin exhibits immediate nocturnal effects, it also has next-day prospective effects that take place in the absence of this hormone. Besides that, the daily repetition and the annual variation in the duration of its synthesis determine its circadian and seasonal effects that characterize melatonin as a chronobiotic, a molecule that encodes time to the internal environment. Additionally, it presents transgenerational effects that are important for fetal programming, leading to a balanced energy metabolism in the adult life. Areas covered: Physiology, pathophysiology and therapeutic value of melatonin in metabolism and metabolic disorders. Expert opinion: The typical mechanisms of action of melatonin (immediate, prospective, chronobiotic and transgenerational) should be considered to adequately understand its physiological effects on the regulation of metabolism in humans and, as a result, to understand the metabolic pathophysiological consequences caused by its synthesis and/or signaling disturbances. That points to the importance of a broader understanding of melatonin actions, besides the classical endocrinological point of view, that would allow the clinician/research to proper interpret its role in health maintenance. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Differences in pregnancy metabolic profiles and their determinants between white European and south Asian women: Findings from the born in Bradford Cohort; There is widespread metabolic disruption in women upon becoming pregnant. South Asians (SA) compared to White Europeans (WE) have more fat mass and are more insulin-resistant at a given body mass index (BMI). Whether these are reflected in other gestational metabolomic differences is unclear. Our aim was to compare gestational metabolic profiles and their determinants between WE and SA women. We used data from a United Kingdom (UK) cohort to compare metabolic profiles and associations of maternal age, education, parity, height, BMI, tricep skinfold thickness, gestational diabetes (GD), pre-eclampsia, and gestational hypertension with 156 metabolic measurements in WE (n = 4072) and SA (n = 4702) women. Metabolic profiles, measured in fasting serum taken between 26-28 weeks gestation, were quantified by nuclear magnetic resonance. Distributions of most metabolic measures differed by ethnicity. WE women had higher levels of most lipoprotein subclasses, cholesterol, glycerides and phospholipids, monosaturated fatty acids, and creatinine but lower levels of glucose, linoleic acid, omega-6 and polyunsaturated fatty acids, and most amino acids. Higher BMI and having GD were associated with higher levels of several lipoprotein subclasses, triglycerides, and other metabolites, mostly with stronger associations in WEs. We have shown differences in gestational metabolic profiles between WE and SA women and demonstrated that associations of exposures with these metabolites differ by ethnicity. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The role of arsenic in obesity and diabetes; As many individuals worlwide are exposed to arsenic, it is necessary to unravel the role of arsenic in the risk of obesity and diabetes. Therefore, the present study reviewed the effects of arsenic exposure on the risk and potential etiologic mechanisms of obesity and diabetes. It has been suggested that inflammation, oxidative stress, and apoptosis contribute to the pathogenesis of arsenic-induced diabetes and obesity. Though arsenic is known to cause diabetes through different mechanisms, the role of adipose tissue in diabetes is still unclear. This review exhibited the effects of arsenic on the metabolism and signaling pathways within adipose tissue (such as sirtuin 3 [SIRT3]- forkhead box O3 [FOXO3a], mitogen-activated protein kinase [MAPK], phosphoinositide-dependant kinase-1 [PDK-1], unfolded protein response, and C/EBP homologous protein [CHOP10]). Different types of adipokines involved in arsenic-induced diabetes are yet to be elucidated. Arsenic exerts negative effects on the white adipose tissue by decreasing adipogenesis and enhancing lipolysis. Some epidemiological studies have shown that arsenic can promote obesity. Nevertheless, few studies have indicated that arsenic may induce lipodystrophy. Arsenic multifactorial effects include accelerating birth and postnatal weight gains, elevated body fat content, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and increased serum lipid profile. Arsenic also elevated cord blood and placental, as well as postnatal serum leptin levels. The data from human studies indicate an association between inorganic arsenic exposure and the risk of diabetes and obesity. However, the currently available evidence is insufficient to conclude that low-moderate dose arsenic is associated with diabetes or obesity development. Therefore, more investigations are needed to determine biological mechanisms linking arsenic exposure to obesity and diabetes. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Increased expression of lipid metabolism genes in early stages of wooden breast links myopathy of broilers to metabolic syndrome in humans; Wooden breast is a muscle disorder affecting modern commercial broiler chickens that causes a palpably firm pectoralis major muscle and severe reduction in meat quality. Most studies have focused on advanced stages of wooden breast apparent at market age, resulting in limited insights into the etiology and early pathogenesis of the myopathy. Therefore, the objective of this study was to identify early molecular signals in the wooden breast transcriptional cascade by performing gene expression analysis on the pectoralis major muscle of two-week-old birds that may later exhibit the wooden breast phenotype by market age at 7 weeks. Biopsy samples of the left pectoralis major muscle were collected from 101 birds at 14 days of age. Birds were subsequently raised to 7 weeks of age to allow sample selection based on the wooden breast phenotype at market age. RNA-sequencing was performed on 5 unaffected and 8 affected female chicken samples, selected based on wooden breast scores (0 to 4) assigned at necropsy where affected birds had scores of 2 or 3 (mildly or moderately affected) while unaffected birds had scores of 0 (no apparent gross lesions). Differential expression analysis identified 60 genes found to be significant at an FDR-adjusted p-value of 0.05. Of these, 26 were previously demonstrated to exhibit altered expression or genetic polymorphisms related to glucose tolerance or diabetes mellitus in mammals. Additionally, 9 genes have functions directly related to lipid metabolism and 11 genes are associated with adiposity traits such as intramuscular fat and body mass index. This study suggests that wooden breast disease is first and foremost a metabolic disorder characterized primarily by ectopic lipid accumulation in the pectoralis major. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A prospective study of artificially sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic health among women at high risk; Background: Artificially sweetened beverages (ASBs) are commonly consumed and recommended for individuals at high risk for cardiometabolic diseases; however, the health effects of ASBs remain contradictory. Given that cross-sectional analyses are subject to reverse causation, prospective studies with long-term follow-up are needed to evaluate associations between ASBs and cardiometabolic health, especially among high-risk individuals. Objective: The aim of this studywas to examine associations of ASB intake and cardiometabolic health among high-riskwomenwith prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We included 607 women with GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1996-2002) who completed a clinical exam 9-16 y after the DNBC pregnancy for the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study (2012-2014). We assessed ASB intake using FFQs completed during the DNBC pregnancy and at the DWH Study clinical exam. We examined cardiometabolic outcomes at the DWH clinical exam. We estimated percentage differences in continuous cardiometabolic markers and RRs for clinical endpoints in association with ASB intake both during pregnancy and at follow-up adjusted for prepregnancy BMI, diet, and lifestyle factors. Sensitivity analyses to account for reverse causation were performed. Results: In pregnancy and at follow-up, 30.4% and 36.4% of women regularly (≥2 servings/wk) consumed ASB, respectively. Consumption of ASBs, both during pregnancy and at follow-up, was associated with higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, liver fat, and adiposity and with lower HDL at follow-up. After adjustment for covariates, particularly prepregnancy BMI, the majority of associations between ASB intake in pregnancy and outcomes at follow-up became null with the exception of HbA1c. ASB intake at follow-up (≥1 serving/d compared with <1 serving/mo) was associated with higher HbA1c (6.5%; 95% CI: 1.9, 11.3; P-trend = 0.007); however, associations were not upheld in sensitivity analyses for reverse causation. Conclusions: Among Danish women with a history of GDM, ASB intake was not significantly associated with cardiometabolic profiles. © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
A spontaneous pregnancy and successful delivery in a Chinese female with Silver-Russell syndrome accompanied by gestational diabetes mellitus; Silver-Russell syndrome (SRS) is a heterogeneous disorder characterized by severe intrauterine and postnatal growth retardation and typical dysmorphic features including body asymmetry, relative macrocephaly, protruding forehead, and feeding difficulties. Previous descriptions of SRS focus on the management of specific issues in children. Herein, we present clinical and metabolic characteristics of an adult woman with SRS accompanied by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Given the rare circumstances presented in our case, the emerging questions concerning the management of metabolic issues and fertility potential in adult SRS patient deserve more attention. Further, long-term follow up is essential to gain future insights into the natural history and optimal management in adulthood. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Altered adipose tissue and adipocyte function in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome; Over the past decade, great progress has been made in understanding the complexity of adipose tissue biology and its role in metabolism. This includes new insights into the multiple layers of adipose tissue heterogeneity, not only differences between white and brown adipocytes, but also differences in white adipose tissue at the depot level and even heterogeneity of white adipocytes within a single depot. These inter- and intra-depot differences in adipocytes are developmentally programmed and contribute to the wide range of effects observed in disorders with fat excess (overweight/obesity) or fat loss (lipodystrophy). Recent studies also highlight the underappreciated dynamic nature of adipose tissue, including potential to undergo rapid turnover and dedifferentiation and as a source of stem cells. Finally, we explore the rapidly expanding field of adipose tissue as an endocrine organ, and how adipose tissue communicates with other tissues to regulate systemic metabolism both centrally and peripherally through secretion of adipocyte-derived peptide hormones, inflammatory mediators, signaling lipids, and miRNAs packaged in exosomes. Together these attributes and complexities create a robust, multidimensional signaling network that is central to metabolic homeostasis. © 2019, American Society for Clinical Investigation.
Developmental Programming of Body Composition: Update on Evidence and Mechanisms; Purpose of Review: A growing body of epidemiological and experimental data indicate that nutritional or environmental stressors during early development can induce long-term adaptations that increase risk of obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and other chronic conditions—a phenomenon termed “developmental programming.” A common phenotype in humans and animal models is altered body composition, with reduced muscle and bone mass, and increased fat mass. In this review, we summarize the recent literature linking prenatal factors to future body composition and explore contributing mechanisms. Recent Findings: Many prenatal exposures, including intrauterine growth restriction, extremes of birth weight, maternal obesity, and maternal diabetes, are associated with increased fat mass, reduced muscle mass, and decreased bone density, with effects reported throughout infancy and childhood, and persisting into middle age. Mechanisms and mediators include maternal diet, breastmilk composition, metabolites, appetite regulation, genetic and epigenetic influences, stem cell commitment and function, and mitochondrial metabolism. Summary: Differences in body composition are a common phenotype following disruptions to the prenatal environment, and may contribute to developmental programming of obesity and diabetes risk. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Other Pituitary Conditions and Pregnancy; Diagnosis of lymphocytic hypophysitis occurring in the peripartum period is based on clinical and neuroradiological data and does not require a biopsy. Its course is generally spontaneously favorable in terms of mass effect but may require the administration of corticosteroids or even transsphenoidal resection. The course of pituitary deficiencies is highly variable; some cases recover over time, whereas others persist indefinitely. Sheehan syndrome is very rare in developed countries. Because agalactia and amenorrhea are often neglected, the diagnosis is generally delayed. Diabetes insipidus occurring in late pregnancy is caused by the increased placental production of vasopressinase and disappears after delivery. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Research progress in the relationship between type 2 diabetes mellitus and intestinal flora; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common clinical chronic disease, while its pathogenesis is still inconclusive. Intestinal flora, the largest micro-ecological system in the human body, is involved in, meanwhile has a major impact on the body's material and energy metabolism. Recent studies have shown that in addition to obesity, genetics, and islet dysfunction, the disturbance of intestinal flora may partly give rise to diabetes. In this paper, we summarized the current research on the correlation between T2DM and intestinal flora, and concluded the pathological mechanisms of intestinal flora involved in T2DM. Moreover, the ideas and methods of prevention and treatment of T2DM based on intestinal flora were proposed, providing theoretical basis and literature reference for the treatment of T2DM and its complications based on the regulation of intestinal flora. © 2019 The Authors
Lactobacillus acidophilus alleviates type 2 diabetes by regulating hepatic glucose, lipid metabolism and gut microbiota in mice; Diabetes, an endocrine and metabolic disorder, has become the third most non-infectious chronic disease that threatens human health. Type 2 diabetes (T2D) accounts for more than 90% of diabetic patients, mainly caused by environmental factors. Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) exhibit several health benefits to the host including regulating glucose and lipid metabolism and improving oxidative stress and inflammatory response. However, the anti-diabetic mechanism of probiotics has not been elucidated clearly. In this study, the anti-diabetic effects of Lactobacillus acidophilus KLDS1.1003 and KLDS1.0901 on T2D mice were assessed. Oral administration of L. acidophilus KLDS1.1003 and KLDS1.0901 for 6 weeks significantly improved the epithelial barrier function, which in turn lowered inflammation cytokines, including IL-8, TNF-α and IL-1β in liver and colon tissue, and prevented liver and colon tissue injuries to some extent. Additionally, L. acidophilus treatment regulated the expression genes that are related to glucose and lipid metabolism. The two tested strains down-regulated the expression of glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSK-3β), fatty acid synthase (FAS) and sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1c (SREBP-1c), and up-regulated the expression of protein kinase B (Akt). However, L. acidophilus KLDS1.0901 is better for improving T2D than L. acidophilus KLDS1.1003. Further research showed that L. acidophilus KLDS1.0901 supplementation could reshape gut microbiota, increasing short chain fatty acid-producing bacteria (Blautia, Roseburia and Anaerotruncus) and the level of SCFAs and decreasing the relative abundance of Gram-negative bacteria such as Desulfovibrio, Alistipes and Bacteroides. Notably, L. acidophilus KLDS1.0901 treatment restored the structure of gut microbiota similar to the control group. These findings suggested that L. acidophilus KLDS1.0901 might be used as a new type of antidiabetic drug candidate. © 2019 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Inflammatory markers in children and adolescents with type 2 diabetes mellitus; This review examines the potential relationship between serum inflammation markers and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Inflammation markers have been proposed as prognostic markers for the development of T2DM and its complications. Furthermore, modulation of the inflammatory process may offer future treatment strategies for T2DM. This review focuses on children and adolescents because there is usually little, if any, complications associated with other disease processes, use of medications, or active tobacco smoking. Furthermore, β-cell failure in young age cannot be solely explained by aging and exhaustion of β-cells due to insulin resistance. Pediatric studies have demonstrated that pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-α, IL-6, IL-1β, IFNγ, PEDF, and fetuin A were increased in insulin resistance, while the anti-inflammatory cytokines adiponectin and omentin were decreased. Furthermore, TNF-α, fetuin A, FGF-21 were altered in obese children with T2DM suggesting a direct involvement in β-cell failure. Future studies focusing on children and adolescents may facilitate our understanding of T2DM as an inflammatory disease process. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Starch and β-glucan in a whole-grain-like structural form improve hepatic insulin sensitivity in diet-induced obese mice; Whole-grain food (WGF) is well known for its anti-diabetic effect, and alleviation of obesity-induced insulin resistance (IR) might be one of the underlying mechanisms. In the current study, the effects of starch, as the main component in WGF, and β-glucan in a whole-grain-like structural form (WGLSF) on hepatic IR and glucose homeostasis were investigated using high-fat (HF)-induced obese C57BL/6J mice. After treatment for 8 weeks, the body weight gain and IR of the mice were significantly reduced. The hepatic Akt, the key component in insulin signaling, was activated, and the hepatic expression and protein levels of glucose-6-phosphatase (G-6-P) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) were reduced. Moreover, WGLSF effectively reduced the hepatic levels of free fatty acids and the pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-α, IL-6, and NF-κB. Additionally, the reduced level of the phosphorylated c-Jun-N-terminal kinases (JNK) indicated that WGLSF treatment might inactivate the JNK signaling, leading to improved hepatic IR. These results demonstrated that starch and β-glucan in a whole grain-like structural form have the potential as a dietary strategy to combat obesity-induced hepatic IR for improved health. © 2019 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Review: Helicobacter pylori and extragastric diseases; In the last year, many studies have demonstrated a potential role of Helicobacter pylori in the pathogenic mechanisms of different extragastric diseases. While the role of H pylori in idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, idiopathic iron deficiency anemia, and vitamin B12 deficiency has already been demonstrated, there is growing evidence of other related conditions, especially cardiovascular, metabolic, and neurologic disorders, including neurodegenerative diseases. A summary of the results of the most relevant studies published over the last year on this attractive topic is presented in this review. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Changes in plasma free fatty acids associated with type-2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with increased total plasma free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations and an elevated risk of cardiovascular disease. The exact mechanisms by which the plasma FFA profile of subjects with T2DM changes is unclear, but it is thought that dietary fats and changes to lipid metabolism are likely to contribute. Therefore, establishing the changes in concentrations of specific FFAs in an individual’s plasma is important. Each type of FFA has different effects on physiological processes, including the regulation of lipolysis and lipogenesis in adipose tissue, inflammation, endocrine signalling and the composition and properties of cellular membranes. Alterations in such processes due to altered plasma FFA concentrations/profiles can potentially result in the development of insulin resistance and coagulatory defects. Finally, fibrates and statins, lipid-regulating drugs prescribed to subjects with T2DM, are also thought to exert part of their beneficial effects by impacting on plasma FFA concentrations. Thus, it is also interesting to consider their effects on the concentration of FFAs in plasma. Collectively, we review how FFAs are altered in T2DM and explore the likely downstream physiological and pathological implications of such changes. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Naringin ameliorates streptozotocin-induced diabetes through forkhead box m1-mediated beta cell proliferation; Background: Adult pancreatic beta cells, though quiescent, can proliferate in response to physiological need. This inherent character is used in exploring the possibilities of expanding the beta cell mass in the treatment of diabetes. Forkhead box M1 (FoxM1) transcription factor is an important regulator in the proliferation and survival of adult beta cell mass. Naringin, a flavanone glycoside, is reported to have antidiabetic activity and exhibited an increase in insulin levels in diabetic animals. Objectives: The present study tried to evaluate the role of naringin in the regulation of FoxM1 in the pancreas of diabetic rats and to reascertain its antilipidemic and antioxidant properties. Methods: Diabetes was induced in male rats using streptozotocin and treated with naringin (100 mg/kg) orally for 4 and 8 weeks. Serum biochemical parameters, insulin, gene and protein expression of FoxM1, and antioxidant markers in rat pancreas were analyzed. Results: Naringin administration reduced the blood sugar, urea, creatinine, and cholesterol values and improved the pancreatic antioxidant status in diabetic rats. Naringin-treated diabetic rats showed a significant increase in mRNA and protein expression of FoxM1 compared to the diabetic control rats, indicating regeneration of cells. It also increased the insulin immunopositive cells, indicating functional beta cells. Conclusion: Naringin was found to upregulate the FoxM1 transcription factor in diabetic animals, which influenced the proliferation and functional status of beta cells. © 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Developmental undernutrition, offspring obesity and type 2 diabetes; The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) paradigm posits that a mismatch between circumstances at or around conception and in later life leads to metabolic dysregulation and the development of obesity and diabetes. In this review we highlight three strands of evidence: prospective studies of patterns of growth from birth to adulthood, historical studies of exposure to famine at defined points during gestation and early life, and nutrition intervention studies. We conclude that, while much is still unknown, it is becoming clearer that the combination of early-life undernutrition and later development of obesity is associated with increased risk of diabetes. There is a need to support public health programmes aimed at intergenerational (primordial) prevention of diabetes and other non-communicable disease. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Serum fetuin-B level is an independent marker for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes; ObjectivePrevious studies have assessed serum fetuin-B and its relation to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and as a link between them through inducing insulin resistance (IR). Therefore, we examined the potential of serum fetuin-B to be an independent marker for NAFLD in patients with T2DM.Patients and methodsThe study group consisted of 270 patients with T2DM. Clinical and laboratory features were evaluated. The NAFLD severity was graded by ultrasound into three subgroups: grade 0 (no fatty liver), grade 1 (mild fatty liver), and grade 2-3 (medium to severe fatty liver). Fetuin-B, retinol-binding protein-4, and adiponectin were measured.ResultsPatients with grade 2-3 NAFLD had high fetuin-B levels in comparison with non-NAFLD group. Age and sex adjusted fetuin-B demonstrated positive correlations with triglycerides, γ-glutamyl transferase, fasting plasma glucose, 2-h postprandial plasma glucose, homeostasis model assessment of IR, fasting insulin, glycated hemoglobin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and estimated glomerular filtration rate, but it had a negative correlation with serum creatinine. Adiponectin level was decreased with increasing NAFLD severity, but no difference was found in retinol-binding protein-4. The estimated odds ratio (OR) for the occurrence of grade 2-3 NAFLD was increased significantly with increasing levels of fetuin-B (OR: 3.92; 95% confidence interval: 2.14-8.32 vs. OR: 8.91; 95% confidence interval: 4.22-18.41). The OR of fetuin-B in the uppermost tertile group was still significant after controlling for homeostasis model assessment of IR, glycated hemoglobin, waist circumference, BMI, hepatic enzymes, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein.ConclusionsOur study demonstrated that serum fetuin-B had an independent association with NAFLD in patients with T2DM. © 2019 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Early maternal circulating alkaline phosphatase with subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose regulation: a prospective cohort study in China; Purpose: Emerging clinical evidence has implied that alkaline phosphatase (ALP) may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, there were no studies to reveal the independent and prospective associations between ALP and GDM. Our aim was to explore the independent and prospective associations between early maternal ALP level and GDM risk and glucose regulation. Methods: In a prospective cohort study with 2073 singleton mothers at four maternity units in China, maternal serum ALP levels were measured before 20 gestational weeks. Using logistic regression, we analyzed the relationship between maternal ALP level and risk of GDM. We further explored the relationships of ALP level to fasting blood glucose (FBG), 1-h and 2-h post-load blood glucose (1-h, 2-h PBG) with multiple linear regression. Finally, we analyzed the association between maternal ALP level and isolated impaired fasting glucose (i-IFG) and isolated impaired glucose tolerance (i-IGT) risk. Results: The maximum value of maternal ALP level was 90 U/L, within the normal range. After adjustment for confounding factors, the odds ratio (ORs) of GDM increased linearly with ALP level (p for overall association = 0.002, p for nonlinear association = 0.799), with the OR comparing the highest versus lowest quartile of 2.47 (95% CI 1.47, 4.15). Moreover, each additional of 10 U/L ALP level was associated with a 2% higher FBG (p = 0.043) and a 12% higher 1-h PBG (p = 0.004). Higher ALP level also increased the risk of i-IFG (OR 3.73, 95% CI 1.17–11.86) and i-IGT (OR 2.03, 95% CI 1.07–3.84). Conclusions: Even within the upper limit of normal, higher early maternal ALP level could increase the risk of GDM. Moreover, both FBG and PBG were increased with early maternal ALP. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Wheat flour, enriched with γ-oryzanol, phytosterol, and ferulic acid, alleviates lipid and glucose metabolism in high-fat-fructose-fed rats; (1) Background: Modern dietary patterns with a high intake of fat and fructose, as well as refined carbohydrates, closely relate to lipid/glucose metabolic disorders. The main objective of this study is to provide new thoughts in designing functional food with some lipid/glucose metabolism regulating effects for obese people. (2) Methods: The alleviating abilities of γ-oryzanol, phytosterol or ferulic acid-enriched wheat flour on lipid/glucose metabolic dysfunction were evaluated in male SD rats induced by a high-fat-fructose diet. The underlying mechanisms were clarified using western blot. (3) Results: In an in vitro cell model, γ-oryzanol, phytosterol and ferulic acid regulate lipid/glucose metabolism by increasing the phosphorylation of AMPK and Akt, and PI3K expression, as well as decreasing expressions of DGAT1 and SCD. The in vivo study shows that ferulic acid and γ-oryzanol-enriched flours are beneficial for managing body weight, improving glucose metabolism, hyperlipidemia and hepatic lipid accumulation. Phytosterol-enriched flour exerted remarkable effects in regulating hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance and hyperuricemia. Western blot analysis of proteins from liver samples reveals that these enriched flours alleviated hepatic lipid accumulation and insulin resistance through their elevation in the phosphorylation of AMPK and Akt. (4) Conclusions: Our study indicates that these enriched flours can serve as a health-promoting functional food to regulate obesity-related lipid/glucose metabolic dysfunction in rats. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effects of vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation on glucose homeostasis, inflammation, oxidative stress and pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background and aims: This study was designed to assess the effects of combined vitamin D and probiotic supplementation on metabolic status and pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed in 87 women with GDM. Patients were randomly assigned three groups to receive either vitamin D (50,000 IU/every 2 weeks) plus probiotic (8 × 109 CFU/day) (n = 30), probiotic (8 × 109 CFU/day) (n = 29) or placebo (n = 28) for 6 weeks. Results: Vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation significantly reduced fasting plasma glucose (β −10.99 mg/dL; 95% CI, −14.26, −7.73; P < 0.001), serum insulin levels (β −1.95 μIU/mL; 95% CI, −3.05, −0.84; P = 0.001) and homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (β −0.76; 95% CI, −1.06, −0.45; P < 0.001), and significantly increased the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (β 0.01; 95% CI, 0.008, 0.03; P = 0.001) compared with the placebo. In addition, vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in triglycerides (β −37.56 mg/dL; 95% CI, −51.55, −23.56; P < 0.001), VLDL- (β −7.51 mg/dL; 95% CI, −10.31, −4.71; P < 0.001), HDL-/total cholesterol ratio (β −0.52; 95% CI, −0.79, −0.24; P < 0.001), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (β −1.80 mg/L; 95% CI, −2.53, −1.08; P < 0.001) and malondialdehyde (β −0.43 μmol/L; 95% CI, −0.77, −0.09; P = 0.01); also, a significant rise in HDL-cholesterol (β 4.09 mg/dL; 95% CI, 1.11, 7.08; P = 0.008) and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels (β 97.77 mmol/L; 95% CI, 52.34, 143.19; P < 0.001) were observed compared with the placebo. Vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation did not change other metabolic parameters. Vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation significantly decreased triglycerides (P = 0.02), VLDL-cholesterol (P = 0.02) and hs-CRP (P = 0.01), and significantly increased TAC (P = 0.006) and total glutathione levels (P = 0.04) compared with only probiotic group. Conclusions: In conclusion, vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation in women with GDM had beneficial effects on metabolic status. This trial was registered at www.irct.ir as IRCT201706075623N119. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Retinol binding protein 4 mediates MEHP-induced glucometabolic abnormalities in HepG2 cells; Epidemiological and experimental data have implicated the role of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome, including the impairment of hepatic glucose metabolism. To elucidate the underlying mechanism by which DEHP or MEHP perturbs hepatic glucose homeostasis, we compared the effect of DEHP (0–200 μM) and MEHP (0–200 μM) on glucose metabolism in HepG2 cells. In this study, we found that MEHP can induce more severe impairments in glucose homeostasis than DEHP can; these include increased hepatic gluconeogenesis via receptor substrate-1/protein kinase B/fork-head box protein O1 (IRS-1/AKT/FOXO1)-mediated phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and glucose-6-phosphatase (G6PC) up-regulation, as well as decreased hepatic glycogen synthesis via glucokinase (GCK) inhibition and IRS-1/AKT/glycogen synthase kinase-3β (GSK-3β)-mediated glycogen synthase (GYS) inactivation. Additionally, our results demonstrated that retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4), an insulin resistance-inducing factor, plays a critical role in the MEHP-induced disorder of glucose homeostasis and the dysfunction of insulin signaling transduction, whereas the deletion of RBP4 by the clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats-Cas9 (CRISPR/Cas9) significantly reversed these toxic effects. Although these should be interpreted with caution in view of limited in vivo evidence, the present study provides the first in vitro evidence for potential involvements of RBP4 in disturbance of glucose homeostasis in the MEHP-treated HepG2 cells. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Concentration of selected liver enzymes across the stages of glomerular function: the associations with PFOA and PFOS; Kidney function/dysfunction may affect liver function/dysfunction and vice versa. Liver function is indicated by the observed concentrations of several liver enzymes. Kidney function is indicated by the glomerular filtration rate. Consequently, it is logical to study associations between liver enzymes and glomerular filtration rate indicted by the stages of glomerular function (GF). Thus, this study was undertaken to evaluate the associations between selected liver enzymes and the stages of GF for US adults aged >= 20 years. Data (N = 9523) for US adults for the years 2003–2014 from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were analyzed to estimate variabilities in concentrations associated with liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphate (APH), and γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) across the stages of GF and to assess variabilities in associations that perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS) may have with these enzymes across the stages of GF. Those with eGFR >90 mL/min/1.73 m2 were defined as being in GF-1, those with eGFR between 60 and 89 mL/min/1.73 m2 were defined as being in GF-2, those with eGFR between 45 and 59 mL/min/1.73 m2 were defined as being in GF-3A, those with eGFR between 15 and 44 mL/min/1.73 m2 were defined as being GF-3B/4. Regression models stratified by GF stages with ALT, AST, APH, and GGT as dependent variables were fitted to evaluate the associations of interest. Adjusted levels of ALT decreased with deteriorating kidney function from 25.3 IU/L at GF-1 to 20.9 IU/L at GF-3B/4 for obese adults and from 21.4 IU/L at GF-1 to 16.4 IU/L at GF-3B/4 for nonobese adults. Adjusted levels of AST followed inverted U-shaped distributions with increases from GF-1 to GF-2 followed by decreases from GF-2 to GF-3B/4. Adjusted levels of APH followed inverted U-shaped distributions with increases from GF-1 to GF-3A followed by decreases from GF-3A to GF-3B/4. Adjusted levels of GGT followed inverted U-shaped distribution among obese participants with point of inflection located at GF-3A. For the total population, obese had higher adjusted levels than nonobese at GF-1, GF-2, and GF-3A for ALT, APH, and GGT. Male-female differences in adjusted levels of ALT and GGT continued narrowing as kidney function deteriorated from GF-1 to GF-3B/4. The differences in ALT widened among nonobese smokers and nonsmokers as kidney function deteriorated. The concentrations of liver enzymes across GF stages varied by gender, race/ethnicity, smoking status, and obesity and more often than not, were indicated by inverted U-shaped curves with points of inflections located at G-2 or GF-3A. The associations between PFOA/PFOS with liver enzymes varied in magnitude and/or direction by stages of GF as kidney function deteriorated. © 2019
An overview on probiotics as an alternative strategy for prevention and treatment of human diseases; Probiotics are viable and useful microorganisms, which are beneficial factors for human and animal health by altering their microbial flora. Most of the probiotics belong to a large group of bacteria in the human gastrointestinal tract. There are several clinical shreds of evidence that show anti-carcinogenic effects of probiotics through altering digestive enzymes, inhibition of carcinogenic agents, and modulating the immune responses in experimental animals. Many studies have been performed to evaluate the potential effectiveness of probiotics in treating or preventing neurological diseases such as MS and novel treatment modality for T1D. The purpose of this study is to have an overview on probiotic microorganisms and to review the previous researches on the effects of probiotics on health through currently available literatures. The study was performed using following keywords; Probiotics, Cancer, Immune system, Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and Diabetes mellitus. PubMed/Medline, Clinicaltrials.gov, Ovid, Google Scholar, and Reaxcys databases used to find the full text of related articles. According to the current available data on probiotics and related health-promoting benefits, it seems that, consumption of probiotics can lead to the prevention and reduction the risk of cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis. Although for the better and more decisive conclusion, there is a need to larger sample size clinical studies with more focus on the safety of these biological agents and their possible beneficial effects on different population. © 2019, Iranian Journal of Pharmaceutical Research. All rights reserved.
Transgenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: investigating possible metabolic precursors in cord blood from the PREOBE study; Aims: Offspring of mothers suffering from obesity and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were reported to be at risk of higher birth weight (BW), later obesity and diabetes. We hypothesize that infant anthropometry changes related to maternal pathological status are due to dysregulated infant metabolism. Methods: First, we inspected differences in BMI z-scores (z-BMI) between three infant groups: born to normal weight (NW; n = 49), overweight/obese (OV/OB; n = 40) and GDM mothers (n = 27) at birth and 1 year. Then, we inspected associations between cord blood metabolites and 1-year Δ z-BMI in the three infant groups at birth and 1 year. Results: No statistically significant difference was detected in z-BMI between the study groups at birth; however, GDM was associated with heavier infants at 1 year. Regarding the associations between the metabolites and z-BMI, phospholipids, especially those containing polyunsaturated fatty acids, were the species most impacted by the maternal metabolic status, since numerous phosphatidylcholines–PUFA were positively associated with z-BMI in NW but negatively in OV/OB and GDM groups at birth. Conversely, the sum of lysophosphatidylcholines was only positively associated with z-BMI in NW at birth but of no relation in the other two groups. At 1 year, most of the associations seen at birth were reversed in NW and lost in OV/OB and GDM groups. In the NW group, PC-PUFA were found to be negatively associated with Δ z-BMI at 1 year in addition to some medium-chain acylcarnitines, tricarboxylic acid metabolites, Asp and Asn-to-Asp ratio. In OV/OB and GDM groups, the non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA26:0) and His correlated with Δ z-BMI at 1 year in negative and positive directions, respectively. Conclusions: GDM was associated with overweight in offspring at 1 year, independent of the BW with lack of evidence on existing correlation of this finding with metabolic alterations detected in cord blood metabolome. Associations were found between cord blood metabolites and infant anthropometry at birth and were influenced by maternal OB and GDM. However, an extension of the findings monitored at birth among the three groups was not detected longitudinally showing a lack of predictive power of cord blood metabolome for later development at least 1 year. © 2019, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Human placental GLUT1 glucose transporter expression and the fetal insulin-like growth factor axis in pregnancies complicated by diabetes; We have previously described regulation of syncytial GLUT1 glucose transporters by IGF-I. Despite this, it is not clear what signal regulates transplacental glucose transport. In this report we asked whether changes in GLUT1 expression and glucose transport activity in diabetic pregnancies were associated with alterations in the fetal IGF axis. Cord blood samples and paired syncytial microvillous and basal membranes were isolated from normal term pregnancies and pregnancies characterized by gestational diabetes type A2 (GDM A2) and pre-existing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Circulating IGF-I, basal membrane GLUT1 expression and glucose transporter activity were correlated with birth weight, but only in control, not diabetic groups. Basal membrane GLUT1 and transporter activity were correlated with IGF-I concentrations in control, but not diabetic groups. IGF binding protein (IGFBP) binding capacity showed a ≥50% reduction in the diabetic groups compared to control; both showed a higher level of free IGF-I. The absence of a correlation between birth weight and factors such as fetal IGF-I or GLUT1 expression in the diabetic groups suggests that IGF-I-stimulated effects may have reached a limiting threshold, such that further increases in IGF-I (or GLUT1) are without effect. These data support that fetal IGF-I acts as a fetal nutritional signal, modulating placental GLUT1 expression and birth weight via altered levels of fetal circulating IGFBPs. Diabetes appears to exert its effects on fetal and placental factors prior to the third trimester and, despite good glycemic control immediately prior to, and in the third trimester, these effects persist to term. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Dietary acid load: Mechanisms and evidence of its health repercussions; Diet composition has long been known to influence acid–base balance by providing acid or base precursors. In general, foods rich in protein, such as meat, cheese, eggs, and others, increase the production of acid in the body, whereas fruit and vegetables increase alkalis. The capacity of acid or base production of any food is called potential renal acid load (PRAL). Diets high in PRAL induce a low-grade metabolic acidosis state, which is associated with the development of metabolic alterations such as insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, bone disorders, low muscle mass and other complications. The aim of this paper is to review the available evidence which evaluates the association of the PRAL of the diet with the incidence of chronic diseases and metabolic disorders, as well as related mechanisms involved in their development. © 2019 Sociedad Española de Nefrología
The potential role of angiopoietin-like protein-8 in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a possibility for predictive diagnosis and targeted preventive measures?; Background: Previous studies showed altered angiopoietin-like protein-8 (ANGPTL-8) circulating levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). Whether or not the alteration in ANGPTL-8 level can be a predictive maker for increased DM risk remains unclear. Aim: Investigating possible role of ANGPTL-8 as a risk predictor of type2 DM, in addition to a set of factors likely to affect ANGPTL-8 level. Methods: One hundred recently diagnosed persons with type 2 DM and 100 sex- and age-matched healthy controls were enrolled. Exclusion criteria included type 1 DM, acute infections, history of chronic kidney disease, malignancy, and blood loss or transfusion. Serum levels of ANGPTL-8, blood pressure, weight, height, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose, cystatin C, lipid profile, liver, and kidney function tests were assessed. The independent relationship between DM and ANGPTL-8 was tested in the unadjusted and multiple-adjusted regression models. Results: Serum ANGPTL-8 levels showed significant elevation among persons with vs. without DM (p = 0.006), positive correlation with HbA1c (p < 0.001), and negative correlation with estimated GFR (eGFR) (p = 0.003) but no significant correlation to fasting glucose level. In the unadjusted model, patients in the third tertile of ANGPTL-8 had 4 times risk of DM (OR 4.03; 95% CI = 1.37–11.84). Data adjustment for cardiovascular diseases, smoking, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, alanine transaminase (ALT), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) increased the direct relationship between ANGPTL-8 and DM (OR 6.26; 95% CI = 1.21–32.50). However, the risk significantly decreased after adjustment of Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) eGFR creatinine-cystatin (OR 2.17; 95% CI = 0.10–49.84). Conclusion: This study highlights a possible predictive role of ANGPTL-8 in diabetic complications, particularly nephropathy. Larger prognostic studies are needed to validate the cause-effect relationship between ANGPTL-8 and deteriorated kidney functions. © 2019, European Association for Predictive, Preventive and Personalised Medicine (EPMA).
Effects of Maternal Flaxseed Supplementation on Female Offspring of Diabetic Rats in Serum Concentration of Glucose, Insulin, and Thyroid Hormones; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal consumption of flaxseed flour and oil on serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, and thyroid hormones of the adult female offspring of diabetic rats. Methods: Wistar rats were induced to diabetes by a highfat diet (60%) and streptozotocin (35 mg/kg). Rats were mated and once pregnancy was confirmed, were divided into the following groups: Control Group (CG): casein-based diet; High-fat Group (HG): high-fat diet (49%); High-fat Flaxseed Group (HFG): high-fat diet supplemented with 25% flaxseed flour; High-fat Flaxseed Oil group (HOG): high-fat diet, where soya oil was replaced with flaxseed oil. After weaning, female pups (n = 6) from each group were separated, received a commercial rat diet and were sacrificed after 180 days. Serum insulin concentrations were determined by ELISA, the levels of triiodothyronine (T3), thyroxine (T4) and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) were determined by chemiluminescence. Results: There was a significant reduction in body weight at weaning in HG (-31%), HFG (-33%) and HOG (44%) compared to CG (p = 0.002), which became similar by the end of 180 days. Blood glucose levels were reduced in HFG (-10%, p = 0.044) when compared to CG, and there was no significant difference between groups in relation to insulin, T3, T4, and TSH after 180 days. Conclusions: Maternal severe hyperglycemia during pregnancy and lactation resulted in a microsomal offspring. Maternal consumption of flaxseed reduces blood glucose levels in adult offspring without significant effects on insulin levels and thyroid hormones.  © 2019 Hogrefe.
Gut Dysfunction and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as one of the leading liver diseases worldwide. NAFLD is characterized by hepatic steatosis and may progress to an inflammatory condition termed non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), liver cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. It became evident in the last years that NAFLD pathophysiology is complex and involves diverse immunological and metabolic pathways. An association between intestinal signals (e.g., derived from the gut microbiota) and the development of obesity and its metabolic consequences such as NAFLD are increasingly recognized. Pre-clinical studies have shown that germ-free mice are protected against obesity and hepatic steatosis. Several human studies from the past years have demonstrated that NAFLD contains a disease-specific gut microbiome signature. Controlled studies propose that certain bacteria with rather pro-inflammatory features such as Proteobacteria or Escherichia coli are dominantly present in these patients. In contrast, rather protective bacteria such as Faecalibacterium prausnitzii are decreased in NAFLD patients. Furthermore, various bacterial metabolites and microbiota-generated secondary bile acids are involved in NAFLD-associated metabolic dysfunction. Although these findings are exciting, research currently lack evidence that interference at the level of the gut microbiome is beneficial for these diseases. Further preclinical and clinical studies are needed to advance this aspect of NAFLD research and to support the notion that the intestinal microbiota is indeed of major relevance in this disorder. © Copyright © 2019 Grabherr, Grander, Effenberger, Adolph and Tilg.
Curcumin and type 2 diabetes mellitus: Prevention and treatment; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is an ensemble of metabolic diseases that has reached pandemic dimensions all over the world. The multifactorial nature of the pathology makes patient management, which includes lifelong drug therapy and lifestyle modification, extremely challenging. It is well known that T2DM is a preventable disease, therefore lowering the incidence of new T2DM cases could be a key strategy to reduce the global impact of diabetes. Currently, there is growing evidence on the efficacy of the use of medicinal plants supplements for T2DM prevention and management. Among these medicinal plants, curcumin is gaining a growing interest in the scientific community. Curcumin is a bioactive molecule present in the rhizome of the Curcuma longa plant, also known as turmeric. Curcumin has different pharmacological and biological effects that have been described by both in vitro and in vivo studies, and include antioxidant, cardio-protective, anti-inflammatory, anti-microbial, nephro-protective, anti-neoplastic, hepato-protective, immunomodulatory, hypoglycaemic and anti-rheumatic effects. In animal models, curcumin extract delays diabetes development, improves β-cell functions, prevents β-cell death, and decreases insulin resistance. The present review focuses on pre-clinical and clinical trials on curcumin supplementation in T2DM and discusses the peculiar mechanisms by which curcumin might ameliorate diabetes management. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Risk factors associated with intestinal permeability in an adult population: A systematic review; Background: Increased intestinal permeability (IP) involves the loss of integrity between the cells of the small intestine. IP has been suggested to contribute to the pathogenesis and exacerbation of many chronic diseases. Many potential risk factors for IP are proposed in contemporary literature. The purpose of this review is to identify the most significant risk factors for IP. Methods: A systematic search of literature published up until September 2018 in the PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, and Scopus databases was conducted. Results: A total of 47 articles met the inclusion criteria. Elevated levels of proinflammatory markers, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, insulin resistance, anthropometric measurements resembling obesity, advanced disease severity, comorbidity and the consumption of a Western-style diet were identified as the strongest risk factors for altered intestinal integrity. The risk of IP increases when coupled with a multiple disease state or combined with other environmental risk factors. Furthermore, many of the identified risk factors such as anthropometric measurements and biomarkers were external from intestinal health and rather resembled a metabolic-like condition. Conclusions: This review identified a number of potential risk factors for IP, ranging from biomarkers to anthropometric measurements, demographics, dietary intake and chronic diseases. These risk factors warrant the attention of clinicians and other healthcare providers to aid the identification of potential patients at risk of altered IP. Further research needs to examine whether the identified risk factors are homogeneous with the diagnosis of IP or whether the disease state influences the association. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Intuitive eating is associated with weight and glucose control during pregnancy and in the early postpartum period in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A clinical cohort study; Introduction: High pre-pregnancy weight and body mass index (BMI) increase the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and diabetes after pregnancy. To tackle weight and metabolic health problems, there is a need to investigate novel lifestyle approaches. Outside of pregnancy, higher adherence to intuitive eating (IE) is associated with lower BMI and improved glycemic control. This study investigated the association between IE and metabolic health during pregnancy and in the early postpartum period among women with GDM. Methods: Two-hundred and fourteen consecutive women aged ≥18, diagnosed with GDM between 2015 and 2017 and completed the “Eating for Physical rather than Emotional Reasons (EPR)” and “Reliance on Hunger and Satiety cues (RHSC) subscales” of the French Intuitive Eating Scale-2 (IES-2) questionnaire at the first GDM clinic visit were included in this study. Results: Participants' mean age was 33.32 ± 5.20 years. Their weight and BMI before pregnancy were 68.18 ± 14.83 kg and 25.30 ± 5.19 kg/m2 respectively. After adjusting for confounding variables, the cross-sectional analyses showed that the two subscales of IES-2 at the first GDM visit were associated with lower weight and BMI before pregnancy, and lower weight at the first GDM visit (β = −0.181 to −0.215, all p ≤ 0.008). In addition, the EPR subscale was associated with HbA1c and fasting plasma glucose at the first GDM visit (β = −0.170 and to −0.196; all p ≤ 0.016). In the longitudinal analyses, both subscales of IES-2 at first GDM visit were associated with lower weight at the end of pregnancy, BMI and fasting plasma glucose at 6–8 weeks postpartum (β = −0.143 to −0.218, all p ≤ 0.040) after adjusting for confounders. Conclusions: Increase adherence to IE could represent a novel approach to weight and glucose control during and after pregnancy in women with GDM. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Environmental neglect: endocrine disruptors as underappreciated but potentially modifiable diabetes risk factors; Type 2 diabetes prevalence is increasing dramatically across the globe, imposing a tremendous toll on individuals and healthcare systems. Reversing these trends requires comprehensive approaches to address both classical and emerging diabetes risk factors. Recently, environmental toxicants acting as endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) have emerged as novel metabolic disease risk factors. EDCs implicated in diabetes pathogenesis include various inorganic and organic molecules of both natural and synthetic origin, including arsenic, bisphenol A, phthalates, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides. Indeed, evidence implicates EDC exposures across the lifespan in metabolic dysfunction; moreover, specific developmental windows exhibit enhanced sensitivity to EDC-induced metabolic disruption, with potential impacts across generations. Importantly, differential exposures to diabetogenic EDCs likely also contribute to racial/ethnic and economic disparities. Despite these emerging links, clinical practice guidelines fail to address this underappreciated diabetes risk factor. Comprehensive approaches to stem the tide of diabetes must include efforts to address its environmental drivers. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in activational effects on reproduction, metabolism and the gut microbiome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder in reproductive-aged women that is comprised of two out of the following three features: hyperandrogenism, oligo- or amenorrhea, or polycystic ovaries. In addition to infertility, many women with PCOS have metabolic dysregulation that increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Changes in the gut microbiome are associated with PCOS and gut microbes may be involved in the pathology of this disorder. Since PCOS often manifests in the early reproductive years, puberty is considered to be a critical time period for the development of PCOS. Exposure to sex steroid hormones during development results in permanent, organizational effects, while activational effects are transient and require the continued presence of the hormone. Androgens exert organizational effects during prenatal or early post-natal development, but it is unclear whether androgen excess results in organizational or activational effects during puberty. We recently developed a letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model that recapitulates both reproductive and metabolic phenotypes of PCOS. In this study, we investigated whether letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice exerts organizational or activational effects on host physiology and the gut microbiome. Two months after letrozole removal, we observed recovery of reproductive and metabolic parameters, as well as diversity and composition of the gut microbiome, indicating that letrozole treatment of female mice during puberty resulted in predominantly activational effects. These results suggest that if exposure to excess androgens during puberty leads to the development of PCOS, reduction of androgen levels during this time may improve reproductive and metabolic phenotypes in women with PCOS. These results also imply that continuous letrozole exposure is required to model PCOS in pubertal female mice since letrozole exerts activational rather than organizational effects during puberty. © 2019 Arroyo et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Extracellular matrix remodeling of adipose tissue in obesity and metabolic diseases; The extracellular matrix (ECM) is a network of different proteins and proteoglycans that controls differentiation, migration, repair, survival, and development, and it seems that its remodeling is required for healthy adipose tissue expansion. Obesity drives an excessive lipid accumulation in adipocytes, which provokes immune cells infiltration, fibrosis (an excess of deposition of ECM components such as collagens, elastin, and fibronectin) and inflammation, considered a consequence of local hypoxia, and ultimately insulin resistance. To understand the mechanism of this process is a challenge to treat the metabolic diseases. This review is focused at identifying the putative role of ECM in adipose tissue, describing its structure and components, its main tissue receptors, and how it is affected in obesity, and subsequently the importance of an appropriate ECM remodeling in adipose tissue expansion to prevent metabolic diseases. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Increased serum fetuin-B concentration is associated with HOMA-β and indices of liver steatosis in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A pilot study; Objective: PCOS women are characterized by insulin resistance and have higher tendency to the development of hepatic steatosis. Fetuin-B has been introduced as a hepatokine/ adipokine, which is increased in hepatic steatosis and may be connected with glucose metabolism disturbances. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between serum fetuin-B concentration and indices of insulin resistance, insulin secretion and markers of liver steatosis in PCOS women in comparison to the control group. Patients and methods: The study group included 108 women – 57 women with PCOS and 51 women matched for age and BMI as a control group. Serum concentration of fetuin-B was estimated. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and homeostasis model assessment β cell function (HOMA-β) were calculated. Fatty liver index (FLI), lipid accumulation product (LAP) and visceral adiposity index (VAI) were used as markers of liver steatosis. Results: We found higher serum concentration of fetuin-B and FLI in PCOS women in comparison to the control group (all P < 0.05). We observed a positive relationship between serum fetuin-B concentration and HOMA-β (r = 0.43, P = 0.01), HOMA-IR (r = 0.31, P = 0.01), FLI (r = 0.29, P = 0.02), VAI (r = 0.29, P = 0.02) and LAP (r = 0.32, P = 0.01) in PCOS women. We also noticed a relationship between HOMA-IR and FLI (r = 0.42, P = 0.01), VAI (r = 0.38, P = 0.004) and LAP (r = 0.41, P = 0.001) in this group. Multiple regression analysis revealed that HOMA-β (β = 0.39, P = 0.002) and LAP (β = 0.27, P = 0.02) were independently connected with serum fetuin-B levels in women with PCOS. Conclusions: Serum fetuin-B levels are higher in women with PCOS and are independently connected with HOMA-β and hepatic steatosis. © 2019 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Polyphenol rich fruit attenuates genomic instability, modulates inflammation and cell cycle progression of offspring from fatty acid intake maternal; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of juçara (Euterpe edulis Mart.) supplementation on the maternal trans fatty acids intake in the livers of 21-day-old offspring. In order for this to happen, histopathological analysis, cytogenetic status, inflammation (COX-2 and TNF-alpha) and cell cycle progression were investigated in this setting. On the first day of pregnancy, female rats were distributed into four groups, as follows: control diet (C), control diet with 0.5 % juçara supplementation (CJ), diet enriched with hydrogenated vegetable fat, rich in TFAs (T), or T diet supplemented with 0.5 % juçara (TJ) during pregnancy and lactation. Juçara pulp induced liver regeneration in newborns exposed to maternal trans fatty acids. A significant decrease in the number of micronucleated hepatocytes was observed in animals exposed to trans fatty acids and treated with juçara. COX-2 and TNF immunoexpression was reduced in animals treated with juçara pulp. Furthermore, a decrease of Ki-67 immunoexpression was detected after treating trans fatty acids intake with juçara. Taken together, our results demonstrate that juçara pulp is able to prevent tissue degeneration and mutagenicity because it decreases inflammation and cell cycle control induced by maternal trans fatty acids in liver cells of rat offspring. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Effects of a lactulose-rich diet on fecal microbiome and metabolome in pregnant mice; Lactulose, a safe and beneficial molecule, can be used in food as a prebiotic and as an osmotic laxative during pregnancy. This work evaluated the effects of dietary lactulose on the gut microenvironment of pregnant mice using the fecal microbiota and metabolomic profiling. After 2 weeks of feeding, the Bifidobacterium and Bacteroides abundances in the mouse feces were significantly increased in the LAC-high (the diet supplemented with 15% lactulose) group. A total of 15 metabolites, including 1-monoolein, glucose-6-phosphate, and short-chain fatty acids, were increased significantly in the LAC-high group. The serum glucose and total cholesterol concentrations were significantly decreased, while the progesterone level was significantly increased in the lactulose-fed mice. In the LAC-high group, the colonic pH and intestinal permeability were decreased, while the immunoglobulins in the colonic epithelial cells and the small intestinal absorption capacity were significantly increased. These findings indicated that lactulose supplementation benefitted pregnancy performance in mice. © 2019 American Chemical Society.
Characteristics of selected antioxidative and bioactive compounds in meat and animal origin products; Meat and meat products have a high nutritional value. Besides major components, meat is rich in bioactive components, primarily taurine, l-carnitine, choline, alpha-lipoic acid, conjugated linoleic acid, glutathione, creatine, coenzyme Q10 and bioactive peptides. Many studies have reported their antioxidant and health-promoting properties connected with their lipid-lowering, antihypertensive, anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory activity and protecting the organism against oxidative stress. The antioxidant activity of meat components results, among others, from the capability of scavenging reactive oxygen and nitrogen species, forming complexes with metal ions and protecting cells against damage. This review is focused to gather accurate information about meat components with antioxidant and biological activity. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal Microbiome and Metabolic Health Program Microbiome Development and Health of the Offspring; Maternal nutritional, metabolic, and physiological states, as well as exposure to various environmental factors during conception, gestation, and lactation, have a fundamental role in the health programming of the offspring. Therefore, alterations affecting the maternal microbiota might indirectly influence fetal development. In addition, such alterations could be transmitted to the progeny at different stages of infant development (e.g., preconception, prenatal, or postnatal), thereby favoring the development of an altered microbiota in the neonate. Microbial changes of this kind have been linked to an increased risk of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), including obesity and metabolic syndrome, allergy-related problems, and diabetes. In this review, we summarize the relevance of the maternal microbiota to fetal–neonatal health programming, with a focus on maternal nutritional and metabolic states. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal and fetal effects of chocolate consumption during pregnancy: a systematic review; Objectives: The purpose of this review is to explore the effects of chocolate consumption during pregnancy on fetus and mother herself. Methods: Randomized controlled trials/quasi-experimental/observational/controlled before and after studies involving chocolate/cocoa/cacao consumption (irrespective of type or dose, composition, exposure period, and method of administration) among pregnant women/animals; and measuring any outcome (beneficial or harmful) related to fetus or mother after chocolate exposure were included. Databases searched were PubMed, Web of Science and Scopus; between April and May 2017. Risk of bias within each human randomized controlled trial (RCT) and animals’ experimental studies was evaluated by “The Cochrane Collaboration’s tool” and SYRCLE’s tool respectively. Results: Fourteen human studies including a total of 6639 participants and nine animal studies were selected. Outcome variables investigated in human studies were maternal blood pressure, fetal heart rate, and striae gravidarum. Animal studies explored chocolate-induced teratogenicity and fetal metabolic derangements. Ten out of these 23 studies reported chocolate to be “beneficial”; five studies reported adverse effects, whereas eight studies declared chocolate as “neutral”. Conclusions: Maternal chocolate intake has acute stimulatory effects on fetal reactivity and chronic blood pressure reducing effect in mothers. Chocolate is nonteratogenic and does not affect reproductive indices. Metabolic derangements in offsprings born to chocolate fed dams have been reported. Pregnant females must be careful about consumption of cocoa and chocolate. Future studies should be planned, keeping in view heterogeneities identified across the selected studies in this review. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Investigation of the impact of birth by cesarean section on fetal and maternal metabolism; Purpose: Elective cesarean section (CS) was related to long-term adverse health effects in the offspring, but little is known about underlying mechanisms. Our study investigates the metabolic changes in both maternal and cord blood associated with CS in comparison to vaginal delivery (VD) to explore potential causal pathways. Methods: Samples obtained from PREOBE study participants were subjected to LC–MS/MS-targeted metabolomics comprising > 200 metabolites. Results: Elective CS showed an impact on both maternal and cord blood metabolomes. In maternal blood, the CS group showed lower levels of phospholipids (PL), principally ether-linked phosphatidylcholines (aaPC), pyruvic acid, branched chain keto-acids (BCKA), and other gluconeogenic substrates, but since the CS group showed different HDL levels in comparison to the VD group, we could not exclude contribution of the latter in the findings. In cord blood, the most remarkable finding in the CS group was the high levels of Cys; conversely, the lower levels of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), some tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle metabolites, gluconeogenic substrates, markers of β-oxidation, and the sum of hexoses were lower in CS-born babies in addition to tendentially lower levels of PL. Conclusions: We speculate that lower levels of maternal and fetal corticosteroids in CS, due to less stressful condition, cause metabolic perturbations at birth initiating future negative health outcomes. This further supports the early programming hypothesis. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
TyG-er: An ensemble Regression Forest approach for identification of clinical factors related to insulin resistance condition using Electronic Health Records; Background: Insulin resistance is an early-stage deterioration of Type 2 diabetes. Identification and quantification of insulin resistance requires specific blood tests; however, the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index can provide a surrogate assessment from routine Electronic Health Record (EHR) data. Since insulin resistance is a multi-factorial condition, to improve its characterisation, this study aims to discover non-trivial clinical factors in EHR data to determine where the insulin-resistance condition is encoded. Methods: We proposed a high-interpretable Machine Learning approach (i.e., ensemble Regression Forest combined with data imputation strategies), named TyG-er. We applied three different experimental procedures to test TyG-er reliability on the Italian Federation of General Practitioners dataset, named FIMMG_obs dataset, which is publicly available and reflects the clinical use-case (i.e., not all laboratory exams are prescribed on a regular basis over time). Results: Results detected non-conventional clinical factors (i.e., uricemia, leukocytes, gamma-glutamyltransferase and protein profile) and provided novel insight into the best combination of clinical factors for detecting early glucose tolerance deterioration. The robustness of these extracted clinical factors was confirmed by the high agreement (from 0.664 to 0.911 of Lin's correlation coefficient (rc)) of the TyG-er approach among different experimental procedures. Moreover, the results of the three experimental procedures outlined the predictive power of the TyG-er approach (up to a mean absolute error of 5.68% and rc=0.666,p<.05). Conclusions: The TyG-er approach is able to carry information about the identification of the TyG index, strictly correlated with the insulin-resistance condition, while extracting the most relevant non-glycemic features from routine data. © 2019
Lifestyle and metabolic syndrome: Contribution of the endocannabinoidome; Lifestyle is a well-known environmental factor that plays a major role in facilitating the development of metabolic syndrome or eventually exacerbating its consequences. Various lifestyle factors, especially changes in dietary habits, extreme temperatures, unusual light-dark cycles, substance abuse, and other stressful factors, are also established modifiers of the endocannabinoid system and its extended version, the endocannabinoidome. The endocannabinoidome is a complex lipid signaling system composed of a plethora (>100) of fatty acid-derived mediators and their receptors and anabolic and catabolic enzymes (>50 proteins) which are deeply involved in the control of energy metabolism and its pathological deviations. A strong link between the endocannabinoidome and another major player in metabolism and dysmetabolism, the gut microbiome, is also emerging. Here, we review several examples of how lifestyle modifications (westernized diets, lack or presence of certain nutritional factors, physical exercise, and the use of cannabis) can modulate the propensity to develop metabolic syndrome by modifying the crosstalk between the endocannabinoidome and the gut microbiome and, hence, how lifestyle interventions can provide new therapies against cardiometabolic risk by ensuring correct functioning of both these systems. © 2019 by the authors.
Serum activities of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 and adenosine deaminase in polycystic ovary syndrome: association with obesity; Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) plays a role in metabolic and inflammatory diseases. Increased adenosine deaminase (ADA) has been suggested to induce insulin resistance and inflammation. We measured serum DPP-4 and ADA activities. Serum ADA activity was significantly higher in PCOS group (p =.006), whereas there was no difference in serum DPP-4 activity between the groups (p >.05). When the study subjects were divided into four groups in terms of obesity; an increasing trend in serum ADA activity between the groups was observed and ADA activity was significantly higher in overweight and obese patients with PCOS than nonobese controls (p =.016), there were no significant differences between the other groups (p >.05). A positive correlation was found between ADA and BMI in the whole group (p =.022). Multivariate regression analyses revealed that significant determinants were diastolic blood pressure, ADA, and the presence of PCOS for DPP-4 (R2 = 0.344, F = 9.079, p <.001); the presence of PCOS and DPP-4 for ADA (R2 = 0.123, F = 6.302, p =.003). We demonstrated increased serum ADA activity as well as its association with obesity in PCOS, while there was no change in serum DPP-4 activity in women with PCOS. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight; Objective Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a well-recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from gluconeogenesis) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids [FFA], or adipokines) and excessive fetal birthweight in NAFLD has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. Method Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10–14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as Grade 0–3 steatosis. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken after fasting and measured for adiponectin and FFA. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Results A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/ 623), and the frequency of NAFLD was 18.9%. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with Grade 2–3 steatosis in the first trimester. The relationship between Grade 2–3 steatosis and LGA remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels. The concentration of maternal blood adiponectin at 10–14 weeks was significantly lower in cases with LGA than non-LGA, but the maternal blood FFA concentrations were not different between the groups. Conclusion The presence of Grade 2–3 steatosis on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for multiple confounding factors including GDM. Adiponectin may be the linking biomarker between NAFLD and LGA. © 2019 Lee et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Gut microbiome modulation based on probiotic application for anti-obesity: A review on efficacy and validation; The growing prevalence of obesity has become an important problem worldwide as obesity has several health risks. Notably, factors such as excessive food consumption, a sedentary way of life, high sugar consumption, a fat-rich diet, and a certain genetic profile may lead to obesity. The present review brings together recent advances regarding the significance of interventions involving intestinal gut bacteria and host metabolic phenotypes. We assess important biological molecular mechanisms underlying the impact of gut microbiota on hosts including bile salt metabolism, short-chain fatty acids, and metabolic endotoxemia. Some previous studies have shown a link between microbiota and obesity, and associated disease reports have been documented. Thus, this review focuses on obesity and gut microbiota interactions and further develops the mechanism of the gut microbiome approach related to human obesity. Specifically, we highlight several alternative diet treatments including dietary changes and supplementation with probiotics. The future direction or comparative significance of fecal transplantation, synbiotics, and metabolomics as an approach to the modulation of intestinal microbes is also discussed. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Genetic variants in promoter regions associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A large-scale meta-analysis and subgroup analysis; Background: Promoter plays important roles in regulating transcription of genes. Association studies of genetic variants in promoter region with type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk have been reported, but most were limited to small number of individual genetic variants and insufficient sample sizes. In addition, the effect of study populations and demographic characteristics were often neglected. Methods: In this study, we conducted a large-scale meta-analysis and subgroup analysis of T2D associated genetic variants in the promoter regions to evaluate their contribution to the susceptibility in T2D. Alleles and genotypes from cohort or case-controlled studies were extracted for future study. Total 41 742 cases and 50 493 controls for three loci were involved in 70 articles. Results: Seventy case-controlled studies of three genes with 41 742 cases and 50 493 controls were included. Meta-analysis showed only rs266729 and rs17300539 of ADIPOQ, and rs1884613, rs2144908, and rs4810424 of HNF4A were significantly associated with T2D risk. Subgroup analysis showed that both rs266729 and rs17300539 of ADIPOQ were associated with the risk of T2D in Caucasian population, but only rs266729 of ADIPOQ in Asian population and rs2144908 in other population including multinational North American. For diagnostic criteria, rs266729 of ADIPOQ and rs2144908 of HNF4A were associated with T2D risk when WHO/ADA diagnostic criteria were used. For genotyping methods, both rs266729 of ADIPOQ and rs2144908 of HNF4A were associated with T2D risk when other than Taqman and Sequencing methods were used. Conclusions: T2D was significantly associated with promoter rs266729, rs17300539, rs1884613, rs2144908, and rs4810424, and the association of T2D risk were affected by study population, diagnostic criteria, and genotype methods. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Understanding susceptibility and targeting treatment in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children; Moving the fulcrum; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of paediatric liver disease, affecting 10% of school-aged children and 44-70% of obese children and young people (CYP) in the western world. Encompassing a spectrum from simple steatosis to steatohepatitis and progressive fibrosis, the disease is rapidly becoming the most common indication for liver transplantation. The molecular pathogenesis of NAFLD remains only partially understood. Development and progression of NAFLD is influenced by genetic and nutritional factors, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, gut microbiome, bile acid metabolism and lipid/glucose handling and is closely associated with overweight and obesity. Lifestyle change is the only proven effective treatment for paediatric NAFLD, however this is difficult to achieve in many. Given that moderate or severe fibrosis is already present in 30-50% of children with NAFLD at the time of presentation, progression in CYP may be more rapid, though adequate outcome data do not yet exist in this cohort. CYP with NAFLD are an excellent population in which to study underlying mechanisms and interventions to correct disease progression as they are largely unaffected by other environmental influences such as alcohol and may represent the more severe end of the spectrum in terms of early onset. Undoubtedly genetic and epigenetic mechanisms determine a large proportion of susceptibility to the disease and potentially, identification of individuals at risk may allow for targeted therapy. This review with give a clinical perspective of paediatric NAFLD focused on identifying those at risk of progressive disease and what to consider in attempting to modify risk. © 2019 The Author.
Obese Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes Show Different Gut Microbial Functional Capacity and Composition; Obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) are metabolic disorders that are linked to microbiome alterations. However, their co-occurrence poses challenges in disentangling microbial features unique to each condition. We analyzed gut microbiomes of lean non-diabetic (n = 633), obese non-diabetic (n = 494), and obese individuals with T2D (n = 153) from German population and metabolic disease cohorts. Microbial taxonomic and functional profiles were analyzed along with medical histories, serum metabolomics, biometrics, and dietary data. Obesity was associated with alterations in microbiome composition, individual taxa, and functions with notable changes in Akkermansia, Faecalibacterium, Oscillibacter, and Alistipes, as well as in serum metabolites that correlated with gut microbial patterns. However, microbiome associations were modest for T2D, with nominal increases in Escherichia/Shigella. Medications, including antihypertensives and antidiabetics, along with dietary supplements including iron, were significantly associated with microbiome variation. These results differentiate microbial components of these interrelated metabolic diseases and identify dietary and medication exposures to consider in future studies. Co-occurrence of obesity and type 2 diabetes poses challenges in assessing microbiota changes specific to each condition. By comparing gut microbiomes of lean, obese non-diabetic, and obese type 2 diabetic individuals, Thingholm et al. found that obesity, unlike type 2 diabetes, was associated with microbiome variation. Medications and dietary supplements were further linked to microbiota alterations. © 2019
Pancreastatin inhibitor, PSTi8 ameliorates metabolic health by modulating AKT/GSK-3β and PKCλ/ζ/SREBP1c pathways in high fat diet induced insulin resistance in peri-/post-menopausal rats; Increase in the prevalence of insulin resistance (IR) in peri-/post-menopause women is mainly due to hormone deficiency and lifestyle. PSTi8 (PEGKGEQEHSQQKEEEEEMAV-amide) is a pancreastatin inhibitor peptide which showed potent antidiabetic activity in genetic and lifestyle induced type 2 diabetic mice. In the present work, we have investigated the antidiabetic activity of PSTi8 in rat models of peri-/post-menopausal IR. 4-vinylcyclohexenediepoxide treated and ovariectomized rats were fed with high fat diet for 12 weeks to develop the peri-/post-menopausal IR. PSTi8 peptide was administered after the development of peri-/post-menopausal IR rats. PSTi8 (1 mg/kg, i.p) improved the glucose homeostasis which is characterized by elevated glycogenesis, enhanced glycolysis and reduced gluconeogenesis. PSTi8 suppressed palmitate- and PST- induced IR in HepG2 cells. PSTi8 treatment enhanced energy expenditure in peri-/post-menopausal IR rats. PSTi8 treatment increased insulin sensitivity in peri-/post-menopausal IR rats, may be mediated by modulating IRS1-2-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase-AKT-GSK3β and IRS1-2-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase-PKCλ/ζ-SREBP1c signaling pathways in the liver. PSTi8 can act as a potential therapeutic peptide for the treatment of peri-/post-menopausal IR. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
The relationship among GNB3 rs5443, PNPLA3 rs738409, GCKR rs780094 gene polymorphisms, type of maternal gestational weight gain and neonatal outcomes (STROBE-compliant article); The gestational weight gain is determined by food habits, environmental and genetic factors.The aims of this paper were to establish relationships between maternal gene polymorphisms (patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 rs738409 [PNPLA3 rs738409], glucokinase regulatory protein rs780094 [GCKR rs780094], and guanine nucleotide-binding protein rs5443 [GNB3 rs5443]) and mothers' gestational weight gain, but also neonatal outcomes (birth weight, length, and ponderal index [PI]).We performed a cross-sectional study in a sample of 158 mothers and their product of conception' in an Obstetrics-Gynecology Clinic from Romania. We divided the pregnant women according to the Institute of Medicine recommendations into 3 subgroups: (1) insufficient gestational weight gain; (2) normal gestational weight gain; and (3) excessive gestational weight gain.The gestational weight gain among pregnant women included in this study was classified as insufficient (10.1%), normal (31%), and excessive (58.9%). We found a tendency towards statistical significance for mothers that were overweight or obese before pregnancy to present an excessive gestational weight gain as compared to the normal weight ones. Similarly, we identified a tendency for statistical significance regarding the association between the variant genotype of GNB3 rs5443 and excessive gestational weight gain. We noticed differences that tended to be statistical significant concerning aspartate aminotransferase values between the 3 subgroups, mothers with excessive gestational weight gain having higher values than mothers with normal gestational weight gain (median, IQR: 22.89[17.53; 31.59] for mothers with excessive gestational weight gain versus 22.71[18.58; 27.37] for mothers with normal gestational weight gain). In mothers with excessive gestational weight gain, we found a significant association between the variant genotype of PNPLA3 rs738409 polymorphism and neonatal PI noticing a decrease of this index in case of newborns from mothers carrying the variant genotype.Excessive gestational weight gain was noticed in pregnant women that were obese and overweight before pregnancy. We found a positive association between the variant genotype of GNB3 rs5443 polymorphism and excessive gestational weight gain. Similarly, the presence of variant genotype of PNPLA3 rs738409 in mothers was associated with a lower PI in their newborns. Our study pointed out the most important factors that influence gestational weight gain and related birth outcomes. © 2019 the Author(s).
Wingless-type inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1) adipokine and glucose homeostasis; Whilst the growing global prevalence of diabetes mellitus is a major healthcare problem, the exact pathophysiology of insulin resistance leading to diabetes mellitus remains unclear. Studies have confirmed that increased adiposity is linked to lower insulin sensitivity through the expression and release of adipocyte-derived proteins such as adipokines. Wingless-type (Wnt) inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1) is a newly identified adipokine that has important roles in many molecular pathways and cellular events, with the suggestion that WISP1 adipokine is closely correlated to the progression of insulin resistance. Studies have shown that circulatory levels of WISP adipokine are higher in obese patients accompanied with increased insulin resistance. However, the exact role of WISP1 adipokine in the induction of insulin resistance is not completely understood. In this review, we detail the latest evidence showing that the WIPS1 adipokine impairs glucose homeostasis and induces diabetes mellitus. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The novel biomarkers in diabetes; According to International Diabetes Federation, the worldwide prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in adults is 318 million and is expected to reach 482 million by 2040. With increasing burden of prediabetes and their expectant progression in diabetes has compounded the problem. Now question is that how we can identify the subjects at high risk to develop prediabetic state and among them who will rapidly progress into diabetes? Once a person diagnosed to be a diabetic then there are only few marker which can depict development of diabetes related complications and also to help in preventing such diabetes related complication progression. In this article, we will review several biomarkers used to predict the risk of progression to prediabetes, diabetes states in context to their mechanism of action, sensitivity, specificity, advantages, disadvantages and association with dysglycemia. The risk stratification arising due to insulin resistance by novel biomarker will improve clinical outcome both in prediabetics and diabetics. © 2019, Journal of Association of Physicians of India. All rights reserved.
Hyperinsulinemia: An early indicator of metabolic dysfunction; Hyperinsulinemia is strongly associated with type 2 diabetes. Racial and ethnic minority populations are disproportionately affected by diabetes and obesity-related complications. This mini-review provides an overview of the genetic and environmental factors associated with hyperinsulinemia with a focus on racial and ethnic differences and its metabolic consequences. The data used in this narrative review were collected through research in PubMed and reference review of relevant retrieved articles. Insulin secretion and clearance are regulated processes that influence the development and progression of hyperinsulinemia. Environmental, genetic, and dietary factors are associated with hyperinsulinemia. Certain pharmacotherapies for obesity and bariatric surgery are effective at mitigating hyperinsulinemia and are associated with improved metabolic health. Hyperinsulinemia is associated with many environmental and genetic factors that interact with a wide network of hormones. Recent studies have advanced our understanding of the factors affecting insulin secretion and clearance. Further basic and translational work on hyperinsulinemia may allow for earlier and more personalized treatments for obesity and metabolic diseases. © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Obesity status affects the relationship between protein intake and insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy; The purpose of this study was to determine the associations between amount and type of dietary protein intake and insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy, in normal weight and overweight women (29.8 ± 0.2 weeks gestation, n = 173). A 100-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was administered following an overnight fast to estimate the metabolic clearance rate of glucose (MCR, mg · kg-1 · min-1) using four different equations accounting for the availability of blood samples. Total (TP), animal (AP), and plant (PP) protein intakes were assessed using a 3-day food record. Two linear models with MCR as the response variable were fitted to the data to estimate the relationship of protein intake to insulin sensitivity either unadjusted or adjusted for early pregnancy body mass index (BMI) because of the potential of BMI to influence this relationship. There was a positive association between TP (β = 1.37, p = 0.002) and PP (β = 4.44, p < 0.001) intake in the last trimester of pregnancy and insulin sensitivity that weakened when accounting for early pregnancy BMI. However, there was no relationship between AP intake and insulin sensitivity (β = 0.95, p = 0.08). Therefore, early pregnancy BMI may be a better predictor of insulin sensitivity than dietary protein intake in late pregnancy. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Urinary trichloroacetic acid and high blood pressure: A cross-sectional study of general adults in Shijiazhuang, China; Exposure to trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) and its parent chemicals potentially linked to cardiovascular disease. However, the association between TCAA and blood pressure (BP) has not been studied to date. The purpose of this study was to examine the potential association between urinary TCAA levels and BP in a Chinese population. We measured BP parameters (including systolic BP, diastolic BP and pulse pressure) and TCAA concentrations in the urine of 569 adults from a primary health care clinic in Shijiazhuang, China. Logistic and linear regressions were used to investigate the relationships between the urinary TCAA levels and BP parameters. To evaluate the robustness of the results, we conducted sensitivity analyses by re-analysing data after excluding urine samples with extreme specific creatinine values. We found that urine TCAA levels were positively associated with systolic BP and pulse pressure based on trend tests after adjusting for potential confounders (both p for trend < 0.05). Finally, only the association of TCAA with systolic BP remained significant in the sensitivity analyses (p < 0.05). Our results suggested that TCAA exposure was associated with increased BP in adults. Because urinary TCAA has been proposed as a valid biomarker of disinfection by-product (DBP) ingestion through disinfected drinking water, our results further suggest that exposure to drinking water DBPs may contribute to high BP in humans. Additional research is needed to confirm these findings and to evaluate opportunities for intervention. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Dietary approach to stop hypertension diet and risk of coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet can lower blood pressure, but its role in preventing coronary artery disease (CAD) remains in debate. Thus, we performed a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies to address this issue. We carried out a systematical search in databases of PubMed and Embase to screen out eligible publications. Relative risks (RRs) of CAD in the included studies were summarised using random-effect meta-analysis. Dose-response association between DASH diet score and CAD risk was also evaluated. Seven prospective studies were finally included, with a total of 377,725 participants and 15,074 CAD cases. Compared to lower adherence, higher adherence to the DASH diet was associated a decreased risk of CAD (RR 0.82, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.78–0.87). Subgroup and sensitivity analyses supported the preventive effects of DASH diet against CAD, and there was no indication of publication bias. For a curvilinear dose-response pattern, the RRs (95% CIs) of CAD for the 4 knots (5th, 35th, 65th and 95th percentiles) of DASH diet score were 0.93 (0.89–0.98), 0.87 (0.80–0.95), 0.81 (0.72–0.90) and 0.74 (0.68–0.82), respectively. For a linear dose-response manner, each 4-point increase in the DASH diet score could reduce the risk of CAD by 5% (RR 0.95, 95% CI: 0.94–0.97). The results of our study indicate that higher adherence to the DASH diet confers a reduced risk of developing CAD. © 2019, © 2019 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Developmental overnutrition and obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring; Childhood obesity has reached pandemic proportions, and youth-onset type 2 diabetes is following suit. This review summarises the literature on the influence of developmental overnutrition, resulting from maternal diabetes, obesity, maternal dietary intake during pregnancy, excess gestational weight gain, and infant feeding practices, on the aetiology of obesity and type 2 diabetes risk during childhood and adolescence. Key goals of this review are: (1) to summarise evidence to date on consequences of developmental overnutrition; (2) describe shared and distinct biological pathways that may link developmental overnutrition to childhood obesity and youth-onset type 2 diabetes; and (3) to translate current knowledge into clinical and public health strategies that not only target primary prevention in youth, but also encourage primordial prevention during the perinatal period, with the aim of breaking the intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Variation of fetuin-A in maternal and fetal serum during human parturition; Background: parturition involves multiple signalling pathways and most advances in research underline the importance of fetal development and maturation in the timing of labour, especially the fetal pituitary-adrenal axis. But, there is currently no consensual hypothesis on all the physiological processes responsible for human parturition. Methods: sixty low-risk pregnant women were enrolled in a prospective cohort. Maternal blood was sampled regularly during consultations each week in last trimester, at delivery and at postnatal consultation. Cord blood was collected at delivery. We used proteomic analysis to identify maternal blood biomarkers of potential interest, focusing on serum proteins from 39 W G in pregnancies to delivery and postpartum. Results: among 56 peaks we identified variation in the N-terminal part of fetuin-A in maternal serum. Fetuin-A is a natural antagonist of TGF-beta and is able to bind calcium. We found a significant decrease in maternal serum fetuin-A in the days preceding delivery, independently of the mode of delivery. Also, there does not appear to be significant influence of the different fetal parameters (sex, Z-score) on maternal serum variations at delivery. Conclusion: fetuin-A is described by the literature as a potential biomarker for organ dysfunction and metabolic syndrome disorders. The protein mineral homeostasis would be an interesting pathway to explore during pregnancy and particularly parturition. © 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS
Obeticholic acid ameliorates dyslipidemia but not glucose tolerance in mouse model of gestational diabetes; Metabolism alters markedly with advancing gestation, characterized by progressive insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and raised serum bile acids. The nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor (FXR) has an integral role in bile acid homeostasis and modulates glucose and lipid metabolism. FXR is known to be functionally suppressed in pregnancy. The FXR agonist, obeticholic acid (OCA), improves insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. We therefore hypothesized that OCA treatment during pregnancy could improve disease severity in a mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) for 4 wk before and throughout pregnancy to induce GDM. The impact of the diet supplemented with 0.03% OCA throughout pregnancy was studied. Pregnant HFD-fed mice displayed insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. OCA significantly reduced plasma cholesterol concentrations in non-pregnant and pregnant HFD-fed mice (by 22.4%, P < 0.05 and 36.4%, P < 0.001, respectively) and reduced the impact of pregnancy on insulin resistance but did not change glucose tolerance. In non-pregnant HFD-fed mice, OCA ameliorated weight gain, reduced mRNA expression of inflammatory markers in white adipose tissue, and reduced plasma glucagon-like peptide 1 concentrations (by 62.7%, P < 0.01). However, these effects were not evident in pregnant mice. OCA administration can normalize plasma cholesterol levels in a mouse model of GDM. However, the absence of several of the effects of OCA in pregnant mice indicates that the agonistic action of OCA is not sufficient to overcome many metabolic consequences of the pregnancy-associated reduction in FXR activity. © 2019 the American Physiological Society.
The imprinted gene Delta like non-canonical notch ligand 1 (Dlk1) associates with obesity and triggers insulin resistance through inhibition of skeletal muscle glucose uptake; Background: The imprinted gene Delta like non-canonical Notch ligand 1 (Dlk1) is considered an inhibitor of adipogenesis, but its in vivo impact on fat mass indeed remains elusive and controversial. Methods: Fat deposits were assessed by MRI and DXA scanning in two cohorts of non-diabetic men, whereas glucose disposal rate (GDR) was determined during euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. Blood analyte measurements were used for correlation and mediation analysis to investigate how age, BMI, and fat percentage affect the relation between DLK1 and GDR. Confirmatory animal studies performed in normal (NC) and high fat diet (HFD) fed Dlk1+/+ and Dlk1−/− mice included DXA scanning, glucose tolerance tests (GTTs), blood measurements, and skeletal muscle glucose uptake studies by positron emission tomography (PET), histology, qRT-PCR, and in vitro cell studies. Findings: Overall, DLK1 is positively correlated with fat amounts, which is consistent with a negative linear relationship between DLK1 and GDR. This relationship is not mediated by age, BMI, or fat percentage. In support, DLK1 also correlates positively with HOMA-IR and ADIPO-IR in these humans, but has no linear relationship with the early diabetic inflammation marker MCP-1. In Dlk1−/− mice, the increase in fat percentage and adipocyte size induced by HFD is attenuated, and these animals are protected against insulin resistance. These Dlk1 effects seem independent of gluconeogenesis, but at least partly relies on increased in vivo glucose uptake in skeletal muscles by Dlk1 regulating the major glucose transporter Glut4 in vivo as well as in two independent cell lines. Interpretation: Thus, instead of an adipogenic inhibitor, Dlk1 should be regarded as a factor causally linked to obesity and insulin resistance, and may be used to predict development of type 2 diabetes. Fund: The Danish Diabetes Academy supported by the Novo Nordisk Foundation, The Danish National Research Council (# 09-073648), The Lundbeck Foundation, University of Southern Denmark, and Dep. Of Clinical Biochemistry and Pharmacology/Odense University Hospital, the Swedish Research Council, the Swedish Diabetes Foundation, the Strategic Research Program in Diabetes at Karolinska Institute and an EFSD/Lilly grant. © 2019
Increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A population-based cohort study, systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is one of the leading causes of liver transplantation in the West. This study seeks to examine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM. Methods: We conducted a population-based retrospective matched-controlled cohort study utilising The Health Improvement Network (THIN), a large primary care database representative of the United Kingdom population, between 01/01/1990 to 31/05/2016 followed by systematic review of available literature. The study population included 9640 women with GDM and 31,296 controls without GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Patients with GDM and patients developing NAFLD were identified by clinical codes. Results: The median (range) follow-up duration was similar in women with and without GDM (2.95 (1.21–6.01) vs 2.85 (1.14–5.75) years respectively). Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development in women with vs without GDM was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14–5.02), which remained significant after adjustment for wide range of potential confounders (IRR 2.70; 95% CI 1.744–4.19). The risk of NAFLD in GDM remained high (IRR 2.46: 95% CI 1.51–4.00) despite women being censored after they developed type 2 diabetes. The meta-analysis of 3 studies (including the current study) showed increased NAFLD risk in women with vs without GDM (OR 2.60; 95% CI 1.90–3.57, I2 = 0%). As our study is based on routine clinical diagnosis of NAFLD, this study could potentially have underestimated the risk of NAFLD development. Conclusions: Women with GDM are at increased risk of developing NAFLD in their later life compared to women without GDM regardless of the development of type 2 diabetes. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Further studies to identify screening strategies are needed. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
The liver in children with metabolic syndrome; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is recognized as an emerging health risk in obese children and adolescents. NAFLD represents a wide spectrum of liver conditions, ranging from asymptomatic steatosis to steatohepatitis. The growing prevalence of fatty liver disease in children is associated with an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular complications. NAFLD is considered the hepatic manifestation of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) and several lines of evidence have reported that children with NAFLD present one or more features of MetS. The pathogenetic mechanisms explaining the interrelationships between fatty liver disease and MetS are not clearly understood. Altough central obesity and insulin resistance seem to represent the core of the pathophysiology in both diseases, genetic susceptibility and enviromental triggers are emerging as crucial components promoting the development of NAFLD and MetS in children. In the present review we have identified and summarizied studies discussing current pathogenetic data of the association between NAFLD and MetS in children. © 2019 D’Adamo.
Physiology of the incretin hormones, GIP and GLP-1—regulation of release and posttranslational modifications; The focus of this article is on the analysis of the release and postrelease fate of the incretin hormones, glucagon-like peptide-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide. Their actions are dealt with to the extent that they are linked to their secretion. For both hormones, their posttranslational processing is analyzed in detail, because of its importance for the understanding of the molecular heterogeneity of the hormones. Methods of analysis, in particular regarding measurements in plasma from in vivo experiments, are discussed in detail in relation to the molecular heterogeneity of the hormones, and the importance of the designations “total” versus “intact hormones” is explained. Both hormones are substrates for the ubiquitous enzyme, dipeptidyl peptidase-4, which inactivates the peptides with dramatic consequences for their physiological spectrum of activities. The role of endogenous and exogenous antagonists of the receptors is discussed in detail because of their importance for the elucidation of the physiology and pathophysiology of the hormones. Regarding the actual secretion, the most important factors are discussed, including gastric emptying rate and the influence of the different macronutrients. Additional factors discussed are the role of bile, paracrine regulation, the role of the microbiota, pharmaceuticals, and exercise. Finally, the secretion during pathological conditions is discussed. © American Physiological Society.
The effects of dairy intake on insulin resistance: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; The incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) has increased in the US over the last several years. The consumption of low-fat dairy foods has been linked with decreasing the risk of DM but studies have yet to show a clear correlation. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of dairy intake on homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), waist circumference, and body weight. In MEDLINE and Embase, we identified and reviewed 49 relevant RCTs: 30 had appropriate data format for inclusion in the meta-analysis. Using the Review Manager 5 software, we calculated the pooled standardized mean differences comparing dairy dietary interventions to control for our outcomes of interest. For HOMA-IR (794 individuals), we found a mean difference of -1.21 (95% CI -1.74 to -0.67; p-value < 0.00001; I2 = 92%). For waist circumference (1348 individuals), the mean difference was -1.09 cm (95% CI 1.68 to -0.58; p-value < 0.00001; I2 = 94%). For body weight (2362 individuals), the dairy intake intervention group weighed 0.42 kg less than control (p-value < 0.00001; I2 = 92%). Our findings suggest that dairy intake, especially low-fat dairy products, has a beneficial effect on HOMA-IR, waist circumference, and body weight. This could impact dietary recommendations to reduce DM risk. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease long-term diabetic risk of offspring of gestational diabetes rats by postponing shortening of hepatic telomeres and modulating liver metabolism; The long-term influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring and the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on GDM offspring are poorly understood. We studied the long-term diabetic risk in GDM offspring and evaluated the effect of n-3 PUFA intervention. Healthy offspring rats were fed standard diet (soybean oil) after weaning. GDM offspring were divided into three groups: GDM offspring (soybean oil), n-3 PUFA adequate offspring (fish oil), and n-3 PUFA deficient offspring (safflower oil), fed up to 11 months old. The diabetic risk of GDM offspring gradually increased from no change at weaning to obvious impaired glucose and insulin tolerance at 11 months old. N-3 PUFA decreased oxidative stress and inflammation in the liver of older GDM offspring. There was a differential effect of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA on hepatic telomere length in GDM offspring. Non-targeted metabolomics showed that n-3 PUFA played a modulating role in the liver, in which numerous metabolites and metabolic pathways were altered when GDM offspring grew to old age. Many metabolites were related to diabetes risk, such as α-linolenic acid, palmitic acid, ceramide, oxaloacetic acid, tocotrienol, tetrahydro-11-deoxycortisol, andniacinamide. In summary, GDM offspring exhibited obvious diabetes risk at old age, whereas n-3 PUFA decreased this risk. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects of consuming sugars and alternative sweeteners during pregnancy on maternal and child health: Evidence for a secondhand sugar effect; Consumption of sugar and alternative low- or no-energy sweeteners has increased in recent decades. However, it is still uncertain how consumption of sugar and alternative sweeteners during pregnancy affects pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring health. This review aims to collate the available evidence surrounding the consequences of sugar and alternative sweetener consumption during pregnancy, a so-called secondhand sugar effect. We found evidence that sugar consumption during pregnancy may contribute to increased gestational weight gain and the development of pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and preterm birth. Further, we found a growing body of the animal and human evidence that maternal sugar intake during pregnancy may impact neonatal and childhood metabolism, taste perception and obesity risk. Emerging evidence also suggests that both maternal and paternal preconception sugar intakes are linked to offspring metabolic outcomes, perhaps via epigenetic alterations to the germline. While there have been fewer studies of the impacts of alternative sweetener consumption before and during pregnancy, there is some evidence to suggest effects on infant outcomes including preterm birth risk, increased infant body composition and offspring preference for sweet foods, although mechanisms are unclear. We conclude that preconception and gestational sugar and alternative sweetener consumption may negatively impact pregnancy outcomes and offspring health and that there is a need for further observational, mechanistic and intervention research in this area. © 2018 The Authors.
Extracellular miRNAs: From Biomarkers to Mediators of Physiology and Disease; In this Review, Mori et al. discuss the emerging literature of extracellular miRNAs as mediators of tissue crosstalk. They outline the ability of these miRNAs to act as effective biomarkers, as well as a new class of hormones, and thus their potential as monitors of and therapeutic agents for disease. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.; miRNAs can be found in serum and other body fluids and serve as biomarkers for disease. More importantly, secreted miRNAs, especially those in extracellular vesicles (EVs) such as exosomes, may mediate paracrine and endocrine communication between different tissues and thus modulate gene expression and the function of distal cells. When impaired, these processes can lead to tissue dysfunction, aging, and disease. Adipose tissue is an especially important contributor to the pool of circulating exosomal miRNAs. As a result, alterations in adipose tissue mass or function, which occur in many metabolic conditions, can lead to changes in circulating miRNAs, which then function systemically. Here we review the findings that led to these conclusions and discuss how this sets the stage for new lines of investigation in which extracellular miRNAs are recognized as important mediators of intercellular communication and potential candidates for therapy of disease. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Key genes and co-expression network analysis in the livers of type 2 diabetes patients; Aims/Introduction: The incidence of type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide. Hepatic insulin resistance and liver lipid accumulation contributes to type 2 diabetes development. The aim of the present study was to investigate the key gene pathways and co-expression networks in the livers of type 2 diabetes patients. Materials and Methods: Dataset GSE15653 containing nine healthy individuals and nine type 2 diabetes patients was downloaded from the National Center for Biotechnology Information Gene Expression Omnibus database. Differentially expressed genes were obtained from the livers of type 2 diabetes patients, annotated pathway enrichment and protein–protein interaction network analysis. Next, functional modules and transcription factor networks were constructed. Gene co-expression networks were analyzed by weighted correlation network analysis to identify key modules related to clinical traits, and the candidate key genes were validated in hepatic insulin resistance models in vitro. Results: A total of 778 differentially expressed genes were filtered in the livers of type 2 diabetes patients, pathway enrichment analysis identified ke y pathways, such as the mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway, Hippo signaling pathway and hypoxia-inducible factor-1 signaling pathway, that were associated with type 2 diabetes. Several transcription factors of three functional modules identified from protein–protein interaction networks are likely to be implicated in type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, weighted correlation network analysis identified five modules that were shown to be highly correlated with type 2 diabetes and other clinical traits. Functional annotation showed that these modules were mainly enriched in pathways such as metabolic pathways, phosphoinositide 3-kinase-protein kinase B signaling pathway and natural killer cell-mediated cytotoxicity. UBE2M and GPER were upregulated in L02 and HepG2 models, whereas P2RY11 only upregulated in L02 model, and UBE2N only downregulated in HepG2 model at a significant level. Conclusions: These results would offer new insights into hepatic insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes pathogenesis, development and drug discovery. © 2018 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Molecular pathways disrupted by gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) imposes serious short- and long-term health problems for mother and baby. An effective therapeutic that can reduce the incidence of GDM and improve long-term maternal and fetal outcomes is a major research priority, crucially important for public health. A lack of knowledge about the underlying pathophysiology of GDM has hampered the development of such therapeutics. What we do know, however, is that maternal insulin resistance, low-grade inflammation and endothelial cell dysfunction are three central features of pregnancies complicated by GDM. Indeed, data generated over the past decade have implicated a number of candidate regulators of insulin resistance, inflammation and endothelial cell dysfunction in placenta, maternal adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. These include nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), sirtuins (SIRTs), 5' AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK3), PI3K/mTOR, inflammasome and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. In this review, the identification of these as key modulators of GDM will be discussed. The biochemical pathways involved in the formation of these may represent potential sites for intervention that may translate to therapeutic interventions to prevent the development of GDM. © 2019 Society for Endocrinology.
Maternal metabolic syndrome and selenium: Endocrine energy balance during early programming; Background: Maternal metabolic syndrome during gestation and lactation leads to several Se-status-related metabolic changes in offspring. MS leads to hepatomegaly, liver oxidation, resistance to insulin challenges and selenoptroteins expression upregulation, producing an energy imbalance in hepatocytes. As Se is necessary for correct heart function, Se deposits are depleted and selenoproteins expression downregulated in heart; this depletion being related to cardiovascular damage. Recently, selenoproteins have been directly implicated in the central endocrine regulation of appetite and energy homeostasis. Methods: To obtain information about how Se is involved in regulating endocrine peripheral energy balance during MS process, two experimental groups of dam rats were used: control (Se: 0.1 ppm) and MS (Fructose 65% and Se: 0.1 ppm). At the end of lactation (21d old), the pups' appetite profile, tissular Se deposits and peptides from gastrointestinal tract (including pancreas), leptin, skeletal growth markers and cytokines in serum were measured. Results: MS-exposed pups present changes in Se homeostasis, appetite profile and endocrine energy balance signals related to impaired insulin secretion and high leptin serum values. This profoundly affects the pups' growth profile since muscle and bones are in catabolic process and brown adipose tissue (BAT) mass decreases. Conclusion: These results indicate that the pups are suffering a process similar to diabetes type 1 which appeared when dams received low Se dietary supply and they point to Se as an important marker and key treatment for these disorders during gestation and lactation that affect future adult health. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Fatty liver among adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (The EPICOM study); OBJECTIVE Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with a less favorable metabolic profile later in life. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is the hepatic manifestation of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational type 1 diabetes on the presence of fatty liver in offspring and the association between maternal BMI, glycemic control during pregnancy, offspring metabolic risk factors, and offspring level of soluble CD163 (sCD163) (a marker of macrophage activation) and risk of fatty liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This study was a prospective nationwide follow-up study of offspring (n = 278) of mothers with pregestational type 1 diabetes between 1993 and 1999 and matched control subjects (n = 303). Mean age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the fatty liver index (FLI) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate the presence of fatty liver among the offspring. An FLI ≥60 or WHtR >0.469 were used as cutoff points for fatty liver. RESULTS More type 1 diabetes-exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared with unexposed control subjects. We found significant associations between increasing maternal prepregnancy BMI, being born large for gestational age, offspring level of sCD163, as well as offspring metabolic risk factors (decreasing adiponectin and HDL cholesterol and increasing leptin, HOMA of insulin resistance, and HOMA of insulin secretion) and degree of fatty liver. CONCLUSIONS Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes and higher maternal prepregnancy BMI may predispose to fatty liver in the offspring. Offspring metabolic risk factors, including sCD163 levels, are associated with indices of fatty liver. © 2019 by the American Diabetes Association. Readers may use this article as long as the work is properly cited, the use is educational and not for profit, and the work is not altered. More information is available at http://www.diabetesjournals.org/content/license.
Circulating microRNAs in human obesity: a systematic review; Context: Differential expression profiles of microRNAs have been reported in human obesity suggesting a miRNAs role in the development of obesity and associated disorders. Objective: To review circulating microRNAs (c-miRNAs) dysregulated in human obesity and to predict their possible target genes. Methods: We performed a systematic review on PubMed database (PROSPERO, CRD42017077742) for original works on c-miRNAs and human obesity and recorded c-miRNAs with differential expression profiles. Potential target genes and metabolic pathways for dysregulated miRNAs with at least two independent reports were searched using bioinformatic tools. Results: Twenty-two c-miRNAs are overexpressed, nine underexpressed and two c-miRNAs dysregulated in both directions in people with obesity compared to lean controls. Bioinformatic analyses suggest these c-miRNAs target on genes associated with fatty acid metabolism and PI3k/Akt pathway. Conclusion: Literature records 33 c-miRNAs confirmedly dysregulated in human obesity. Their predicted target genes are involved in pathways that could explain the development of obesity and its comorbidities. Further research will clarify the role of these miRNAs on metabolic diseases and their usefulness for the prognosis, prevention and treatment of obesity. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Relative effect potency estimates for dioxin-like compounds in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and blood glucose outcomes based on a nested case-control study; To improve the applicability of the toxic equivalents principle for human health risk assessment, systemic relative effect potencies (REPs) for dioxin-like compounds (DLCs) deriving from human in vivo data are required. A prospective nested case-control study was performed to determine REPs from the human serum concentration of DLCs using gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and fasting blood glucose (FBG) as the end points of concern. Serum concentration of 29 DLCs from 77 cases and 154 controls were measured. Logistic and linear regression were used to estimate the effects of individual congeners on GDM and FBG, respectively. The REPs based on GDM and FBG were calculated from the ratios of regression coefficients, βi (DLCs)/βTCDD. Two sets of consistent human serum-based REPs, that is, GDM-REP and FBG-REP, were established and largely agree with REPs from other human studies. These human-serum REPs show much smaller variation compared to the 4 to 5 orders of magnitude span in REPs database for the present WHO-TEF determination. Moreover, the established REPs fitted well with WHO-TEFs, especially for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, furans. These REPs reflecting real human exposure scenarios exhibited validity and could be used to improve health risk assessment of human body burden of DLCs. © 2019 American Chemical Society.
Molecular insight into the interaction between epigenetics and leptin in metabolic disorders; Nowadays, it is well-known that the deregulation of epigenetic machinery is a common biological event leading to the development and progression of metabolic disorders. Moreover, the expression level and actions of leptin, a vast adipocytokine regulating energy metabolism, appear to be strongly associated with epigenetics. Therefore, the aim of this review was to summarize the current knowledge of the epigenetic regulation of leptin as well as the leptin-induced epigenetic modifications in metabolic disorders and associated phenomena. The collected data indicated that the deregulation of leptin expression and secretion that occurs during the course of metabolic diseases is underlain by a variation in the level of promoter methylation, the occurrence of histone modifications, along with miRNA interference. Furthermore, leptin was proven to epigenetically regulate several miRNAs and affect the activity of the histone deacetylases. These epigenetic modifications were observed in obesity, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome and concerned various molecular processes like glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, liver fibrosis, obesity-related carcinogenesis, adipogenesis or fetal/early postnatal programming. Moreover, the circulating miRNA profiles were associated with the plasma leptin level in metabolic syndrome, and miRNAs were found to be involved in hypothalamic leptin sensitivity. In summary, the evidence suggests that leptin is both a target and a mediator of epigenetic changes that develop in numerous tissues during metabolic disorders. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Deciphering the role of circulating lncRNAs: RNCR2, NEAT2, CDKN2B-AS1, and PVT1 and the possible prediction of anti-VEGF treatment outcomes in diabetic retinopathy patients; Purpose: Putative roles of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) as indicators for diabetic retinopathy (DR) and associated complications are beginning to emerge. We aimed to evaluate a panel of circulating hyperglycemia-related lncRNAs: RNCR2, NEAT2, CDKN2B-AS1, and PVT1 in type 2 diabetes patients with/without DR and to correlate their levels with the clinical characteristics and response to aflibercept intravitreal injection in terms of visual acuity (VA) improvement, central macular thickness (CMT) decline, and macular edema resolution after 4 weeks of the initial injection. Methods: Pre-treatment plasma relative expression levels of the specified lncRNAs were quantified in 130 consecutive patients with diabetes (75 and 55 with/without DR, respectively) and 108 controls using quantitative real-time PCR. Results: One month after aflibercept injection, significant reductions in CMT and VA were observed in DR cohorts. The four lncRNAs were over-expressed in DM compared with those in controls. However, downregulated baseline plasma levels of RNCR2 and NEAT2 were observed in glycemic-controlled DR patients. None of the lncRNAs showed a correlation with the severity of retinopathy or drug response. Conclusion: Though circulating levels of the analyzed lncRNAs did not show an association with DR progression or aflibercept therapy response, the expression pattern demonstrated good diagnostic performance in differentiating DM from controls and DR. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Transcultural diabetes care in the United States – A position statement by the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists; The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE) has created a transculturalized diabetes chronic disease care model that is adapted for patients across a spectrum of ethnicities and cultures. AACE has conducted several transcultural activities on global issues in clinical endocrinology and completed a 3-city series of conferences in December 2017 that focused on diabetes care for ethnic minorities in the U.S. Proceedings from the “Diabetes Care Across America” series of transcultural summits are presented here. Information from community leaders, practicing health care professionals, and other stakeholders in diabetes care is analyzed according to biological and environmental factors. Four specific U.S. ethnicities are detailed: African Americans, Latino/Hispanics, Asian Americans, and Native Americans. A core set of recommendations to culturally adapt diabetes care is presented that emphasizes culturally appropriate terminology, transculturalization of white papers, culturally adapting clinic infrastructure, flexible office hours, behavioral medicine—especially motivational interviewing and building trust—culturally competent nutritional messaging and health literacy, community partnerships for care delivery, technology innovation, clinical trial recruitment and retention of ethnic minorities, and more funding for scientific studies on epigenetic mechanisms of cultural impact on disease expression. It is hoped that through education, research, and clinical practice enhancements, diabetes care can be optimized in terms of precision and clinical outcomes for the individual and U.S. population as a whole. Copyright © 2019 AACE.
Involvement of novel adipokines, chemerin, visfatin, resistin and apelin in reproductive functions in normal and pathological conditions in humans and animal models; It is well known that adipokines are endocrine factors that are mainly secreted by white adipose tissue. Their central role in energy metabolism is currently accepted. More recently, their involvement in fertility regulation and the development of some reproductive disorders has been suggested. Data concerning the role of leptin and adiponectin, the two most studied adipokines, in the control of the reproductive axis are consistent. In recent years, interest has grown about some novel adipokines, chemerin, visfatin, resistin and apelin, which have been found to be strongly associated with obesity and insulin-resistance. Here, we will review their expression and role in male and female reproduction in humans and animal models. According to accumulating evidence, they could regulate the secretion of GnRH (Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone), gonadotropins and steroids. Furthermore, their expression and that of their receptors (if known), has been demonstrated in the human and animal hypothalamo-pituitary-gonadal axis. Like leptin and adiponectin, these novel adipokines could thus represent metabolic sensors that are able to regulate reproductive functions according to energy balance changes. Therefore, after investigating their role in normal fertility, we will also discuss their possible involvement in some reproductive troubles known to be associated with features of metabolic syndrome, such as polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and intra-uterine growth retardation in women, and sperm abnormalities and testicular pathologies in men. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Racial/ethnic differences in the burden of type 2 diabetes over the life course: a focus on the USA and India; Type 2 diabetes is a common disease worldwide, but its prevalence varies widely by geographical region and by race/ethnicity. This review summarises differences in the frequencies of type 2 diabetes according to race, ethnicity, socioeconomic position, area of residence and environmental toxins. Type 2 diabetes susceptibility often begins early in life, starting with genetic susceptibility at conception and continuing in later life, via in utero, childhood and adult exposures. Early-life factors may lead to overt type 2 diabetes in childhood or in later life, supporting the concept of developmental origins of health and disease. The causes of the racial/ethnic differences in incidence of type 2 diabetes are not well understood. Specifically, the relative contributions of genetic and environmental factors to such differences are largely unknown. With a few exceptions in isolated populations, there is little evidence that differences in frequencies of known type 2 diabetes susceptibility genetic alleles account for racial/ethnic differences, although the search for genetic susceptibility has not been uniform among the world’s racial/ethnic groups. In the USA, race/ethnicity is associated with many other risk factors for type 2 diabetes, including being overweight/obese, diet and socioeconomic status. Some studies suggest that some of these factors may account for the race/ethnic differences in prevalence of type 2 diabetes, although there is inadequate research in this area. A better understanding of the impact of these factors on type 2 diabetes risk should lead to more effective prevention and treatment of this disease. This has not yet been achieved but should be a goal for future research. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Fetuin-A inhibits placental cell growth and ciliogenesis in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of unbalanced glucose tolerance that occurs during pregnancy, which affects approximately 10% of pregnancies worldwide. Fetuin-A is associated with insulin resistance, and the concentration of circulating fetuin-A increases in women with GDM, however, the role of fetuin-A in the placenta remains unclear. In this study, we enrolled placental samples from twenty pregnant women with GDM and twenty non-GDM pregnant women and found that the abundance of fetuin-A was upregulated in terms of mRNA and protein levels. Fetuin-A inhibited placental cell growth by inducing apoptosis and inhibiting S phase entry. Irregular alignment of mitotic chromosomes and aberrant mitotic spindle poles were observed. In addition, centrosome amplification was induced by fetuin-A treatment, and these amplified centrosomes nucleated microtubules with disorganized microtubule arrays in placental cells. Furthermore, fetuin-A inhibited autophagy, and thus blocked the growth of the primary cilium, a cellular antenna that regulates placenta development and differentiation. Thus, our study uncovered the novel function of fetuin-A in regulating placental cell growth and ciliogenesis. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Somatotropic axis and obesity: Is there any role for the Mediterranean diet?; Obesity is associated with reduced spontaneous and stimulated growth hormone (GH) secretion and basal insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1) levels—which in turn is associated with increased prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors. The aim of this study was to investigate: (1) the association of somatotropic axis with cardiometabolic status; (2) the association of somatotropic axis with the Mediterranean diet and nutritional pattern in people with obesity. Cross-sectional observational study was carried out in 200 adult women, aged 36.98 ± 11.10 years with severe obesity (body mass index—BMI of 45.19 ± 6.30 kg/m2). The adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the total calorie intake was assessed. Anthropometric measurements, body composition and biochemical profile were determined along with Growth Hormone (GH)/Insulin like Growth Factor 1 (IGF-1) axis and insulin resistance (homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance—HoMA-IR). The enrolled subjects were compared after being divided according to GH peak response and according to IGF-1 standard deviation scores (SDS). Derangements of GH peak were detected in 61.5% of studied patients while IGF-1 deficiency was detected in 71% of the population. Both blunted GH peak response and IGF-1 SDS were indicators of derangements of somatotropic axis and were associated with comparable results in terms of cardiometabolic sequelae. Both GH peak and IGF-1 levels were inversely associated with anthropometric and metabolic parameters. The adherence to the Mediterranean diet predicts GH peak response. Fatty liver index (FLI), fat mass (FM) and phase angle (PhA) were predictive factors of GH peak response as well. In conclusion derangements of somatotropic axis is associated with a worse cardiometabolic profile in people with obesity. A high adherence to the Mediterranean diet—and in particular protein intake—was associated with a better GH status. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The FGF metabolic axis; Members of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family play pleiotropic roles in cellular and metabolic homeostasis. During evolution, the ancestor FGF expands into multiple members by acquiring divergent structural elements that enable functional divergence and specification. Heparan sulfate-binding FGFs, which play critical roles in embryonic development and adult tissue remodeling homeostasis, adapt to an autocrine/paracrine mode of action to promote cell proliferation and population growth. By contrast, FGF19, 21, and 23 coevolve through losing binding affinity for extracellular matrix heparan sulfate while acquiring affinity for transmembrane α-Klotho (KL) or β-KL as a coreceptor, thereby adapting to an endocrine mode of action to drive interorgan crosstalk that regulates a broad spectrum of metabolic homeostasis. FGF19 metabolic axis from the ileum to liver negatively controls diurnal bile acid biosynthesis. FGF21 metabolic axes play multifaceted roles in controlling the homeostasis of lipid, glucose, and energy metabolism. FGF23 axes from the bone to kidney and parathyroid regulate metabolic homeostasis of phosphate, calcium, vitamin D, and parathyroid hormone that are important for bone health and systemic mineral balance. The significant divergence in structural elements and multiple functional specifications of FGF19, 21, and 23 in cellular and organismal metabolism instead of cell proliferation and growth sufficiently necessitate a new unified and specific term for these three endocrine FGFs. Thus, the term “FGF Metabolic Axis,” which distinguishes the unique pathways and functions of endocrine FGFs from other autocrine/paracrine mitogenic FGFs, is coined. © 2019, The Author(s).
Characterization of serum irisin in patients with severe acute pancreatitis; BackgroundIrisin, as a novel and versatile hormone secreted by skeletal myocytes and fat tissues, is reported to be involved in inflammation-related diseases; one of the main characteristics of severe acute pancreatitis (SAP) is inflammatory responses. This study aims to describe the characteristics of irisin in SAP.Patients and methodsHere, we enrolled 50 controls, 20 with no acute pancreatitis (AP), 20 AP, and 12 SAP patients, determined white blood cell, blood glucose, C-reactive protein, urine amylase, blood lipase, and serum irisin using an analyzer and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay at the indicated time-points, analyzed the correlations of irisin with blood glucose, sex, and age, and then predicted the morality and complications of organ failure and/or exacerbations of comorbidities in SAP by irisin.ResultsThe results showed no significant difference in all groups in the clinical parameters (P>0.05), except that white blood cell was significantly higher in no AP, AP, and SAP than the controls (P<0.05). In addition, irisin levels were significantly lower and maintained a steadily low trend in the process of SAP than others (P<0.05), whereas C-reactive protein, urine amylase, and blood lipase in the SAP and AP groups were higher than others and kept decreasing tendency (P<0.01). Moreover, the irisin level in female SAP patients was significantly higher than that in male patients, but no differences were found in the other groups (P>0.05). In addition, the correlation between irisin levels and blood glucose was better in the SAP group than that between irisin levels and age in SAP patients and controls, although a relatively better correlation was found in SAP patients than the controls. Finally, the prognostic significance of mortality and complications of SAP according to irisin levels represented significantly, especially for complications of organ failure and/or exacerbations of comorbidities in female SAP.ConclusionTherefore, serum irisin level has unique characteristics and may be an independent factor and useful to predict the mortality, and complications in SAP patients, especially in female SAP patients. © 2019 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Bacupari (Garcinia brasiliensis) extract modulates intestinal microbiota and reduces oxidative stress and inflammation in obese rats; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of an ethanolic extract of the bark of bacupari (Garcinia brasiliensis – EEB) on the abundance of intestinal microbiota, concentration of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), oxidative stress, and inflammation in obese rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Male Wistar rats were divided into three groups: an HFD-fed obese control group, a group fed HFD plus EEB (BHFD) at a dose of 300 mg per animal per day (42 mg 7-epiclusianone and 10.76 mg morelloflavone), and a lean control group fed an AIN-93 M diet for 8 weeks. EEB decreased (p < 0.05) the abundance of organisms belonging to the phyla Firmicutes and Proteobacteria, and increased (p < 0.05) the concentration of propionic acid. Liver concentrations of malondialdehyde, nitric oxide, resistin, and p65 nuclear factor-kappa B p65(NF-κB) decreased (p < 0.05), while the expression of heat shock protein (HSP)72 and catalase increased (p < 0.05) with the consumption of EEB. Moreover, computational molecular modeling studies involving molecular docking between the main constituents of EEB, 7-epiclusianone and morelloflavone, and NF-κB suggested its inhibitory activity, thus corroborating the experimental results. The consumption of EEB may therefore be a promising strategy for the beneficial dietary modulation of the intestinal ecosystem, thereby countering oxidative stress and inflammation in obese rats. This activity is attributable to the presence of bioactive compounds that act individually or synergistically in the scavenging of free radicals or in the inflammatory process. © 2019
A comparison between the effects of flaxseed oil and fish oil supplementation on cardiovascular health in type 2 diabetic patients with coronary heart disease: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial; This study compared the effects of flaxseed and fish oil supplementation on cardiovascular risk parameters in diabetic patients with coronary heart disease. Participants were randomly allocated into three intervention groups to receive either 1,000 mg of omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil or 1,000 mg of omega-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil or placebo (n = 30 each group) twice a day for 12 weeks. A significant reduction in insulin levels (.04) was observed following flaxseed oil and fish oil supplementation compared with the placebo. In addition, a significant reduction in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (.02) was seen after flaxseed oil supplementation compared with the placebo and a significant increase in total nitrite (.001) was seen after flaxseed oil and fish oil intake compared with placebo. Additionally, a significant increase in total antioxidant capacity (p <.001) after consuming flaxseed oil and fish oil compared with placebo and glutathione levels (.001) after consuming fish oil compared with flaxseed oil and placebo was observed. Overall, our study revealed the beneficial effects of flaxseed oil and fish oil supplementation on few metabolic profiles. This study suggests that the effect of flaxseed oil in reducing insulin and increasing total nitrite and total antioxidant capacity is similar to fish oil. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Maternal exercise before and during pregnancy alleviates metabolic dysfunction associated with high-fat diet in pregnant mice, without significant changes in gut microbiota; Although maternal exercise before and during pregnancy is beneficial, the effects of exercise on microbiota changes during pregnancy are unknown. Here we tested the hypothesis that maternal exercise before and during pregnancy would positively affect glucose homeostasis, pancreatic cell function, and gut microbiota dysbiosis in high-fat diet (HFD) fed dams. Female C57BL/6 mice were fed either a HFD or a low-fat diet (LFD) for 12 weeks. The HFD mice were split into two groups for 4 weeks prior to pregnancy initiation and throughout the pregnancy: sedentary (HFD) or exercised (HFD + Ex). Food intake, body weight, body composition, and glucose and insulin tolerance were measured. At gestation day 19, blood, pancreas, gonadal visceral and subcutaneous fat, plantaris muscle, and cecum were collected for analysis. Both HFD and HFD + Ex mice had impaired glucose clearance compared to LFD mice at 15 days of gestation. No changes were found in pancreatic α- or β-cell health. HFD + Ex mice had significantly reduced visceral fat mass, serum insulin, and leptin levels and increased high-density lipoprotein levels, compared to HFD-fed mice. In contrast to our hypothesis, microbiota diversity and composition were not different among groups. The relative abundance of five bacterial phyla, such as Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, Verrucomicrobia, Deferribacteres, and Actinobacteria, were not significantly altered with diet or exercise during pregnancy. Our findings suggest that maternal exercise prevents excess visceral fat accumulation, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperleptinemia associated with a HFD, but not through the alterations of gut microbiota composition or diversity during pregnancy. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Effect of rice processing towards lower rapidly available glucose (RAG) favors Idli, a South Indian fermented food suitable for diabetic patients; The Asian food pattern primarily embraces rice and rice-based products, which mainly comprise 90% starch. Amongthese various food products, Idli is mostly prepared through fermentation. It has high palatability, and the rapid and highly digestible nature of the food product results in a higher post-glucose level in diabetic patients. A heat-treated Idli rice sample was prepared by roasting parboiled rice at the temperature range of 155 to 165՞C for 65 to 75 s. Idli/rice-based Dokala made from heat-treated rice is better when compared to untreated rice in terms of its microbiological profile and physiochemical properties. The proximate composition of heat-treated parboiled rice Idli/Rice Dokala showed slightly higher values than the untreated parboiled rice Idli/Rice Dokala, which reveals that it has marginally higher nutritive value. Determination of the Rapidly Available Glucose (RAG) and Slowly Available Glucose (SAG) values, SEM analysis, resistant starch analysis, microbial assay, and in vivo studies were performed to determine the glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load in normal and diabetic persons. Sensory analysis also proved that heat-treated Idli/Rice Dokala is superior to untreated based on the color, flavor, appearance, taste, and texture. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Biochemical investigation of association of arsenic exposure with risk factors of diabetes mellitus in Pakistani population and its validation in animal model; Arsenic is one of the naturally occurring heavy metal that has been reported to cause damaging effects on different body organs. This study was aimed to determine the arsenic level in different water sources and investigate the effect of arsenic exposure on risk factors of diabetes mellitus (DM) in human participants and experimental animals. We recruited 150 participants to investigate the arsenic exposure in their urine and from drinking water. We found that males contained significantly higher (P < 0.001) concentrations of urinary arsenic as compared with that of their female counterparts. Similarly, urinary arsenic concentration was high and showed significant association in the age of ≥ 60 years (P < 0.05), illiterate (P < 0.001), smokers (P < 0.0001), and diabetic (P < 0.0001) participants. Moreover, urinary arsenic exposure was also associated with higher levels of fasting (P < 0.001) and random blood glucose (P < 0.001), HbA1c (P < 0.001), AST, ALT, MDA, IL-6, CRP, blood urea nitrogen, and creatinine in arsenic-exposed diabetics as compared with that of unexposed diabetics. Further, we also exposed the white albino rats with arsenic in drinking water for 30 days and their blood glucose was measured at 15th and 30th days of treatment that was significantly higher (P < 0.001) in arsenic-exposed animals as compared with that of unexposed animals. Similarly, arsenic-exposed animals failed to tolerate exogenously administered glucose (P < 0.001) as compared with that of unexposed animals. Likewise, insulin and glutathione concentrations were also significantly decreased (P < 0.001) in arsenic-exposed animals as compared with that of unexposed animals. The alterations in normal values of glucose, insulin, and glutathione exhibited the damaging effects of arsenic exposure in experimental rats. This study showed that arsenic exposed to human beings and animals through drinking water resulted in the disruption of pancreatic β-cell functioning that provoked the risk factor for development of DM. This study also suggested that long-term arsenic exposure induces hyperglycemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress that may lead to the onset of development of DM. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Gut microbiota might be a crucial factor in deciphering the metabolic benefits of perinatal genistein consumption in dams and adult female offspring; Adverse early-life exposures program an increased risk of chronic metabolic diseases in adulthood. However, the effects of genistein consumption in early life on metabolic health are unclear. Our objective was to investigate whether perinatal genistein intake could mitigate the deleterious effects of a high-fat diet (HF) on metabolism in dams and female offspring and to explore the role of the gut microbiota in mediating the transgenerational effects. C57BL/6 female mice were fed a HF, HF with genistein (0.6 g kg-1 diet) or normal control diet for 3 weeks before mating and throughout pregnancy and lactation. The offspring had free access to normal diet from weaning to 24 weeks of age. A glucose tolerance test was performed and the levels of serum insulin and lipid were measured. The cecal contents were collected for 16s rDNA sequencing. The results showed that perinatal genistein intake could not only significantly reduce blood glucose levels, insulin and free fatty acids (FFA) in dams, but also improve glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and serum lipid profiles in adult female offspring. Significant enrichment of short-chain fatty acid (mainly butyrate)-producing bacteria might play crucial roles in deciphering the metabolic benefits of perinatal genistein intake in dams. The obvious decrease in harmful microorganisms and increase in Erysipelotrichaceae-incertae-sedis were associated with the protective effects of maternal genistein intake on female offspring. In addition, Bifidobacterium might be an important factor for deciphering the metabolic improvement in both dams and female offspring by dietary genistein. Overall, perinatal genistein intake attenuated the harmful effects of HF on metabolism in both dams and female offspring, and the protective effects were associated with the alterations in the gut microbiota, which provides new evidence and targets for mitigating the poor effects of adverse early-life exposures on metabolic health in later life. © 2019 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Probiotics and prebiotics in intestinal health and disease: from biology to the clinic; Probiotics and prebiotics are microbiota-management tools for improving host health. They target gastrointestinal effects via the gut, although direct application to other sites such as the oral cavity, vaginal tract and skin is being explored. Here, we describe gut-derived effects in humans. In the past decade, research on the gut microbiome has rapidly accumulated and has been accompanied by increased interest in probiotics and prebiotics as a means to modulate the gut microbiota. Given the importance of these approaches for public health, it is timely to reiterate factual and supporting information on their clinical application and use. In this Review, we discuss scientific evidence on probiotics and prebiotics, including mechanistic insights into health effects. Strains of Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium and Saccharomyces have a long history of safe and effective use as probiotics, but Roseburia spp., Akkermansia spp., Propionibacterium spp. and Faecalibacterium spp. show promise for the future. For prebiotics, glucans and fructans are well proven, and evidence is building on the prebiotic effects of other substances (for example, oligomers of mannose, glucose, xylose, pectin, starches, human milk and polyphenols). © 2019, Springer Nature Limited.
Epigenetic Modifications Induced by Nutrients in Early Life Phases: Gender Differences in Metabolic Alteration in Adulthood; Metabolic chronic diseases, also named noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), are considered multifactorial pathologies, which are dramatically increased during the last decades. Noncommunicable diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, obesity, diabetes mellitus, cancers, and chronic respiratory diseases markedly increase morbidity, mortality, and socioeconomic costs. Moreover, NCDs induce several and complex clinical manifestations that lead to a gradual deterioration of health status and quality of life of affected individuals. Multiple factors are involved in the development and progression of these diseases such as sedentary behavior, smoking, pollution, and unhealthy diet. Indeed, nutrition has a pivotal role in maintaining health, and dietary imbalances represent major determinants favoring chronic diseases through metabolic homeostasis alterations. In particular, it appears that specific nutrients and adequate nutrition are important in all periods of life, but they are essential during specific times in early life such as prenatal and postnatal phases. Indeed, epidemiologic and experimental studies report the deleterious effects of an incorrect nutrition on health status several decades later in life. During the last decade, a growing interest on the possible role of epigenetic mechanisms as link between nutritional imbalances and NCDs development has been observed. Finally, because of the pivotal role of the hormones in fat, carbohydrate, and protein metabolism regulation throughout life, it is expected that any hormonal modification of these processes can imbalance metabolism and fat storage. Therefore, a particular interest to several chemicals able to act as endocrine disruptors has been recently developed. In this review, we will provide an overview and discuss the epigenetic role of some specific nutrients and chemicals in the modulation of physiological and pathological mechanisms. © Copyright © 2019 Greco, Lenzi, Migliaccio and Gessani.
Influence of Maternal Inulin-Type Prebiotic Intervention on Glucose Metabolism and Gut Microbiota in the Offspring of C57BL Mice; Scope: Maternal obesity leads to glucose intolerance in the offspring. Changes in the gut microbiota are being increasingly implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetes. We hypothesized that inulin intervention during gestation and lactation improves glucose metabolism disorders in mouse offspring from high-fat diet (HD)-fed dams. Procedures: Female C57BL mice were fed a control diet or HD for 4 weeks before mating. After mating, pregnant mice were randomly divided into three groups through gestation and lactation: control diet (CD) group, HD group, and HD treated with inulin (HD-inulin) group. At weaning, glucose metabolic status was assessed. Gut microbial DNA from offspring cecal contents was isolated and processed for metagenomic shotgun sequencing, and taxonomic and functional profiling were performed. Results: Offspring from dams in the HD-inulin groups demonstrated reduced fasting blood glucose, decreased blood glucose area under the curve during the oral glucose tolerance test, and reduced fasting serum insulin and HOMA-IR compared to offspring from dams in the HD group. Nineteen differentially abundant bacterial species were identified between the HD-inulin and HD groups. The HD-inulin group displayed significantly greater abundances of Bacteroides_acidifaciens, Eubacterium_sp_CAG_786, Clostridium_sp_CAG_343, and Bifidobacterium_breve species and lower abundances of Oscillibacter_sp_1_3, Ruminococcus_gnavus_CAG_126, and Bacteroides_massiliensis species. Differentially abundant bacterial species among the three groups were involved in 38 metabolic pathways, including several glucose and lipid metabolism pathways. Conclusion: Our results show that early inulin intervention in HD-fed mouse dams moderates offspring glucose metabolism and gut dysbiosis. © Copyright © 2019 Zhang, Xiao, Zheng, Li, Yu, Ping, Wang and Wang.
Inflammatory marker YKL-40 levels in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy is a diagnosis of exclusion and presents with unexplained pruritus, abnormal liver function tests, and increased serum bile acid levels, particularly in the third trimester of pregnancy. Serum YKL-40 levels are increased in liver diseases and our aim was to investigate YKL-40 levels in pregnant women with ICP. 40 women with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in this cross-sectional study. Serum YKL-40 levels were measured in both groups and correlation analysis were performed between the YKL-40 and other liver function tests. Serum YKL-40 concentrations were higher in the intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy group than in the control group (103.46 ± 53.03 vs. 57.60 ± 30.30 ng/ml, p =.002). The cutoff YKL-40 serum concentration was 84.80 ng/ml for the diagnosis of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. There was no correlation between fasting bile acids and YKL-40 levels. However, there was a significant positive correlation between the YKL-40 levels and aspartate aminotransferase (r = 0.22, p =.04) and alanine aminotransferase (r = 0.24, p =.02). Raised YKL-40 levels might support the evidence on inflammatory processes in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Loci for Liver Enzyme Concentrations in Mexican Americans: The GUARDIAN Consortium; Objective: Populations of Mexican American ancestry are at an increased risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The objective of this study was to determine whether loci in known and novel genes were associated with variation in aspartate aminotransferase (AST) (n = 3,644), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (n = 3,595), and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) (n = 1,577) levels by conducting the first genome-wide association study (GWAS) of liver enzymes, which commonly measure liver function, in individuals of Mexican American ancestry. Methods: Levels of AST, ALT, and GGT were determined by enzymatic colorimetric assays. A multi-cohort GWAS of individuals of Mexican American ancestry was performed. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) were tested for association with liver outcomes by multivariable linear regression using an additive genetic model. Association analyses were conducted separately in each cohort, followed by a nonparametric meta-analysis. Results: In the PNPLA3 gene, rs4823173 (P = 3.44 × 10−10), rs2896019 (P = 7.29 × 10−9), and rs2281135 (P = 8.73 × 10−9) were significantly associated with AST levels. Although not genome-wide significant, these same SNPs were the top hits for ALT (P = 7.12 × 10−8, P = 1.98 × 10−7, and P = 1.81 × 10−7, respectively). The strong correlation (r2 = 1.0) for these SNPs indicated a single hit in the PNPLA3 gene. No genome-wide significant associations were found for GGT. Conclusions: PNPLA3, a locus previously identified with ALT, AST, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in European and Japanese GWAS, is also associated with liver enzymes in populations of Mexican American ancestry. © 2019 The Obesity Society
The Profile of Plasma Free Amino Acids in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Insulin Resistance: Association with Microalbuminuria and Macroalbuminuria; Altered plasma levels of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) and aromatic amino acids (AAAs) may predict the development of insulin resistance and other type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) associated comorbidities. To elucidate the role of plasma free amino acids (PFAAs) profile as a biomarker for early detection of diabetic kidney disease, quantitative measurement of PFAAs profile was determined for 90 T2DM subjects, 30 were free of nephropathy, 30 with microalbuminuria, 30 with macroalbuminuria, and in addition to 30 healthy controls. The plasma levels of valine, leucine, isoleucine, phenylalanine, citrulline, and total BCAAs were significantly increased in diabetic normoalbuminuria group when compared to controls. However, the total BCAAs level was significantly decreased in diabetic patients with micro and macroalbuminuria. Other amino acid plasma levels as tyrosine, arginine, ornithine, glycine, and the total AAAs level were significantly decreased in all diabetic subgroups compared to controls. Significant positive correlations between total BCAAs, valine, leucine, isoleucine, serum insulin, glucose, and HOMA-IR values in the diabetic normoalbuminuria group were found. The use of altered PFAAs profile as a prognostic factor in T2DM patients at risk for microalbuminuria or macroalbuminuria might reduce or prevent the incidence of end-stage diabetic renal disease. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Circulating leptin concentration, LEP gene variants and haplotypes, and polycystic ovary syndrome in Bahraini and Tunisian Arab women; Background and aim: Epidemiological studies suggested that ethnic/racial background influences the associations of altered leptin secretion and leptin gene (LEP) polymorphisms with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). We investigated the association between LEP variants and plasma leptin levels with PCOS in Tunisian and Bahraini Arab women. Subjects and methods: Retrospective case-control study, involving 255 PCOS cases and 253 control subjects from Bahrain, and 320 women PCOS cases and 447 controls from Tunisia. LEP genotyping was done by allele exclusion on real-time PCR. Results: Minor allele frequencies of rs10487506, rs7799039, rs2167270, rs12706832, and rs10954173 LEP variants were not significantly different between PCOS cases and control women among Bahraini and Tunisians, even before applying the Bonferroni correction. Similarly, the genotype distribution of the tested LEP variants was comparable between women with PCOS and control women among Bahraini and Tunisian subjects. None of the tested LEP variants was linked with altered leptin serum concentrations. However, five-locus haplotype analysis identified GGGGG and GAGGG haplotypes to be positively, and haplotype AAGGG to be negatively associated with PCOS in Bahraini women, after adjusting for HOMA-IR. No LEP haplotype associated with PCOS was identified in Tunisians. Conclusion: This is the first study to document differential contribution of LEP gene variants with PCOS according to ethnic/racial background of study subjects, highlighting the need for controlling for ethnicity in genetic association studies. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
A slow-digesting carbohydrate diet during rat pregnancy protects offspring from non-alcoholic fatty liver disease risk through the modulation of the carbohydrate-response element and sterol regulatory element binding proteins; High-fat (HF) and rapid digestive (RD) carbohydrate diets during pregnancy promote excessive adipogenesis in offspring. This effect can be corrected by diets with similar glycemic loads, but low rates of carbohydrate digestion. However, the effects of these diets on metabolic programming in the livers of offspring, and the liver metabolism contributions to adipogenesis, remain to be addressed. In this study, pregnant insulin-resistant rats were fed high-fat diets with similar glycemic loads but different rates of carbohydrate digestion, High Fat-Rapid Digestive (HF–RD) diet or High Fat-Slow Digestive (HF–SD) diet. Offspring were fed a standard diet for 10 weeks, and the impact of these diets on the metabolic and signaling pathways involved in liver fat synthesis and storage of offspring were analyzed, including liver lipidomics, glycogen and carbohydrate and lipid metabolism key enzymes and signaling pathways. Livers from animals whose mothers were fed an HF–RD diet showed higher saturated triacylglycerol deposits with lower carbon numbers and double bond contents compared with the HF–SD group. Moreover, the HF–RD group exhibited enhanced glucose transporter 2, pyruvate kinase (PK), acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC) and fatty acid (FA) synthase expression, and a decrease in pyruvate carboxylase (PyC) expression leading to an altered liver lipid profile. These parameters were normalized in the HF–SD group. The changes in lipogenic enzyme expression were parallel to changes in AktPKB phosphorylation status and nuclear expression in carbohydrate-response element and sterol regulatory element binding proteins. In conclusion, an HF–RD diet during pregnancy translates to changes in liver signaling and metabolic pathways in offspring, enhancing liver lipid storage and synthesis, and therefore non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) risk. These changes can be corrected by feeding an HF–SD diet during pregnancy. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
How does high DHA fish oil affect health? A systematic review of evidence; The health benefits of fish oil, and its omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid content, have attracted much scientific attention in the last four decades. Fish oils that contain higher amounts of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) than docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), in a distinctive ratio of 18/12, are typically the most abundantly available and are commonly studied. Although the two fatty acids have traditionally been considered together, as though they were one entity, different physiological effects of EPA and DHA have recently been reported. New oils containing a higher quantity of DHA compared with EPA, such as fractionated and concentrated fish oil, tuna oil, calamari oil and microalgae oil, are increasingly becoming available on the market, and other oils, including those extracted from genetically modified oilseed crops, soon to come. This systematic review focuses on the effects of high DHA fish oils on various human health conditions, such as the heart and cardiovascular system, the brain and visual function, inflammation and immune function and growth/Body Mass Index. Although inconclusive results were reported in several instances, and inconsistent outcomes observed in others, current data provides substantiated evidence in support of DHA being a beneficial bioactive compound for heart, cardiovascular and brain function, with different, and at times complementary, effects compared with EPA. DHA has also been reported to be effective in slowing the rate of cognitive decline, while its possible effects on depression disorders are still unclear. Interestingly, gender- and age- specific divergent roles for DHA have also been reported. This review provides a comprehensive collection of evidence and a critical summary of the documented physiological effects of high DHA fish oils for human health. © 2018, © 2018 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. © 2018, © Samaneh Ghasemi Fard, Fenglei Wang, Andrew J. Sinclair, Glenn Elliott, and Giovanni M. Turchini.
Human urine metabolomic signature after ingestion of polyphenol-rich juice of purple grumixama (Eugenia brasiliensis Lam.); Polyphenol intake has been associated with health promotion because of its interaction with several metabolic pathways. This study investigates changes in the urine metabolome following acute intake of polyphenol-rich juice, purple grumixama juice. Grumixama (Eugenia brasiliensis Lam.) is a cherry native to Brazil that is known to be a rich source of anthocyanins and ellagitannins. In this research 15 healthy subjects consumed a single dose of grumixama juice. Urine samples were collected before grumixama juice intake, 0–1, 1–2, 2–4 h, with fasting at 24 h after intake. Plasma samples were also collected before intake, 30′ and at 1 h, 2 h and 4 h, with fasting at 24 h after juice intake. The urine primary metabolites were analysed by a metabolomic approach using gas chromatography mass spectrometry with methyl chloroformate derivatisation for amino acids and organic acids. Also, an oxygen radical absorbance capacity method was carried out to evaluate the plasma samples antioxidant capacity changes. Subjects showed increase in plasma antioxidant capacity after juice intake (p-values < .05). A total of 114 metabolites were assessed in urine (1–2 h and 2–4 h), including 17 amino acids, 47 organic acids and several other metabolites. Among the 114 metabolites, 25 were significantly changed during the first 4 h following juice intake, as shown by the Orthogonal Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis (0.5 > p(corr) > 0.3) and univariate analysis (p-values < .05). Some metabolites were related to mitochondrial metabolism, such as glyoxylic acid and oxalic acid. Metabolites related to amino acid metabolism were also changed, such as beta-alanine, L-phenylalanine and L-tyrosine. In conclusion, results suggest that acute intake of grumixama juice could affect amino acid metabolism and mitochondrial metabolism, but the related health implications should be explored in further studies using additional approaches. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Role of SREBP2 gene polymorphism on knee osteoarthritis in the South Indian Hyderabad Population: A hospital based study with G595C variant; Introduction: Osteoarthritis (OA)is a multifactorial disease with genetic factors playing a crucial role, and it has been associated with a family history of obesity. G595C polymorphism in the sterol regulatory element-binding protein 2 (SREBP2)gene has demonstrated an association with knee osteoarthritis (KOA)patients. However, this polymorphism has been never explored in an Indian population. Hence, the current study aimed to examine whether G595C (rs2228314)polymorphism in SREBP2 gene was associated with KOA susceptibility in the South Indian Hyderabad population. Methods: G595C polymorphism was genotyped with 200 KOA cases and 200 healthy controls using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. Results: A significant association was observed between age, body mass index (BMI), and family histories in KOA cases and controls (p < 0.05). The current allele (C vs G; OR-2.8 [95%CI = 2.1–3.7]; p < 0.0001)and genotype analysis confirms the significant association with (GC + CC vs GG; OR-3.5 [95%CI = 2.3–5.3]; p < 0.0001 & GC vs GG + CC; OR-1.7 [95%CI = 1.0–2.9]; p = 0.02)KOA vs. control subjects. On stratification analysis, genotype CC and C allele were associated with KOA. Gender association failed to demonstrate positive genotype frequencies (p > 0.05). Multifactor-dimensionality reduction (MDR)analysis showed a positive association with BMI and G595C genotypes (p < 0.05); 51% of the homozygous variant CC genotypes were present in obesity subjects. Conclusion: In conclusion, our findings suggest that G595C polymorphism in SREBP2 gene is associated with KOA in the South Indian Hyderabad population and presents scope for further investigation of the gene's function in KOA. © 2019
Dendrobium officinale polysaccharides attenuate learning and memory disabilities via anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions; The aim of this study was to explore the therapeutic effect and underling mechanism of Dendrobium officinale polysaccharides (DOPS) on two well-established animal models of learning and memory disabilities. Model of estrogen deficiency caused learning and memory disability can be induced by ovariectomy in mice, and mice were injected subcutaneously with D-galactose, which can also cause cognitive decline. H&E staining and Nissl staining were employed to confirm the protective effect of DOPS on hippocampal neuron. Morris water maze test, biochemical analysis, immunohistochemistry and immunofluorescence assay were used to study the effect and underlying mechanism of DOPS on two different learning and memory impairment models. Administration of DOPS significantly improved learning and memory disability in both models. Further studies showed that DOPS could attenuate oxidative stress and reduce neuro-inflammation via up-regulating expressions of Nrf2/HO-1 pathway and inhibiting activation of astrocytes and microglia in ovariectomy- and D-galactose-induced cognitive decline. These findings suggest that DOPS have an appreciable therapeutic effect on learning and memory disabilities and its mechanism may be related to activate Nrf2/HO-1 pathway to reduce oxidative stress and neuro-inflammation. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Effect of berberine on apoptosis of human coronary artery endothelial cells induced by intermittent high glucose; Objective: To investigate the effect of berberine on the apoptosis of human coronary artery endothelial cells (HCAECs) induced by intermittent high glucose in vitro. Methods HCAECs were isolated, identified, cultured, and divided into five groups: Group A was the normal glucose group (5.5 mmol/L glucose, NG); Group B was the persistent high glucose group (25 mmol/L glucose, PHG); Group C was the intermittent high glucose group (5.5 mmol/L and 25 mmol/L glucose fluctuated every 24 h, IHG); Group D was in a volatile hyperosmotic environment (5.5 mmol/L and 25 mmol/L mannitol alternating every 24 h to maintain the same osmotic pressure as IHG, OC); Group E was the fluctuation of hyperglycemia + berberine intervention group (5.5 mmol/L and 25 mmol/L glucose + 50 μmol/L berberine fluctuated every 24 h, IHG + BBR). The cells of each group were changed every 24 h, and the culture was stopped after 7 d, the cell viability and apoptosis were detected in each group. The expression of the apoptosis related protein Caspase-3 was determined by qRT-PCR and Western blotting. Results Compared with the persistent high glucose group, the apoptosis of HCAECs in the intermittent high glucose group was more significant (P < 0.05), but the apoptosis of HCAECs in the fluctuation of hyperglycemia + berberine intervention group was more significantly reduced than that in the intermittent high glucose group (P < 0.05). Berberine significantly reduced the expression of Caspase-3 induced by intermittent high glucose (P < 0.05) Conclusion Intermittent high glucose decreased the activity of HCAECs more easily than the persistent high glucose,and promoted the apoptosis of HCAECs. But berberine significantly reduced the apoptosis of HCAECs under intermittent high glucose, which had a significant protective effect on HCAECs. © 2019, Editorial Office of Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs. All right reserved.
Adipose tissue-derived signatures for obesity and type 2 diabetes: Adipokines, batokines and microRNAs; Obesity is one of the main risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It is closely related to metabolic disturbances in the adipose tissue that primarily functions as a fat reservoir. For this reason, adipose tissue is considered as the primary site for initiation and aggravation of obesity and T2DM. As a key endocrine organ, the adipose tissue communicates with other organs, such as the brain, liver, muscle, and pancreas, for the maintenance of energy homeostasis. Two different types of adipose tissues—the white adipose tissue (WAT) and brown adipose tissue (BAT)—secrete bioactive peptides and proteins, known as “adipokines” and “batokines,” respectively. Some of them have beneficial anti-inflammatory effects, while others have harmful inflammatory effects. Recently, “exosomal microRNAs (miRNAs)” were identified as novel adipokines, as adipose tissue-derived exosomal miRNAs can affect other organs. In the present review, we discuss the role of adipose-derived secretory factors—adipokines, batokines, and exosomal miRNA—in obesity and T2DM. It will provide new insights into the pathophysiological mechanisms involved in disturbances of adipose-derived factors and will support the development of adipose-derived factors as potential therapeutic targets for obesity and T2DM. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effects and mechanisms of tea for the prevention and management of diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications: An updated review; Diabetes mellitus has become a serious and growing public health concern. It has high morbidity and mortality because of its complications, such as diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular complication, diabetic neuropathy, diabetic retinopathy, and diabetic hepatopathy. Epidemiological studies revealed that the consumption of tea was inversely associated with the risk of diabetes mellitus and its complications. Experimental studies demonstrated that tea had protective effects against diabetes mellitus and its complications via several possible mechanisms, including enhancing insulin action, ameliorating insulin resistance, activating insulin signaling pathway, protecting islet β-cells, scavenging free radicals, and decreasing inflammation. Moreover, clinical trials also confirmed that tea intervention is effective in patients with diabetes mellitus and its complications. Therefore, in order to highlight the importance of tea in the prevention and management of diabetes mellitus and its complications, this article summarizes and discusses the effects of tea against diabetes mellitus and its complications based on the findings fromepidemiological, experimental, and clinical studies, with the special attention paid to the mechanisms of action. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. All rights reserved.
Toxicological evaluation of Picralima nitida in rodents;                              Picralima nitida (Stapf) T. Durand and H. Durand (Apocynaceae), over the years has shown wide range of usage in African folk medicine and its safety profile in instances of prolonged use and pregnancy are major concerns. The study aimed to extensively investigate the toxicological effects of Picralima nitida in albino rodents and make appropriate extrapolations to humans. In the first phase of the experiment which evaluated the genotoxicity and subchronic toxicity of P. nitida, a total of 40 albino rats (male and female) were randomized into 4 groups of 10 animals per group. Group 1 (control group) was orally administered with 10 ml/kg of distilled water. Animals in Groups 2 to 4 were administered with aqueous seed extract of the plant at 100, 200, 400 mg/kg body weight/day, respectively. Oral administration at the designated doses was continued for 90 days after which they were sacrificed by cervical dislocation for subchronic toxicological assessment. In the genotoxicity phase, 30 female mice were randomized into 5 groups, the control group was treated with 10 ml/kg of distilled water, groups 2 to 4, treated with 100 mg/kg, 200 mg/kg and 400 mg/kg doses of extract, and the 5th group had cyclophosphamide (0.1 mg/kg). The mice were sacrificed on the 28th day for bone marrow sampling for genotoxicity testing. In the second phase of the experiment which evaluated the teratogenicity of P. nitida, graded doses of the extract were administered to pregnant rats from day 1–19. Three groups of 6 female rats per group were administered 75, 150 and 300 mg/kg aqueous extract of P. nitida and a fourth group of 6 rats used as control was administered distilled water at 10 ml/kg. On day 20, 3 dams from each group were sacrificed and the foetuses were harvested through abdominal incision for physical examination. The 3 remaining dams were allowed to litter. The litters were sacrificed at 6 weeks for biochemical, haematological and histological analyses. The LD                             50                              determined was 707.107 mg/kg. The aqueous seed extract of P. nitida was found to be genotoxic at all the test doses. There were no significant alterations in haematologic and renal parameters following subchronic administration. Notable dynamics were observed in hormonal characteristics: there was a significant dose-dependent reduction in FSH while oestradiol and progesterone showed dose-dependent increase. Furthermore, P. nitida may cause hepatopathy as shown by hepatic venous and sinusoidal congestion on hepatic histology. Also, there is non-significant reduction in total cholesterol and LDL. No significant alteration in glucose level. Furthermore, the extract produced a statistically significant decrease in birth weight (p < 0.0001). The extract induced a significant (p < 0.05) increase in creatinine and transaminase levels in the first filial of group 150 mg/kg. The platelet count was increased in all treated group (p < 0.005). All the histology of kidney in 150 mg/kg group showed vascular congestion. In conclusion, the aqueous seed extract of P. nitida has teratogenic effects and should not be used in pregnant women. Also, P. nitida is highly genotoxic and may cause hepatic damage and depletion of glutathione pool on chronic use, thereby causing oxidative stress and its potential sequelae.                          © 2019
FGF19 subfamily members: FGF19 and FGF21; Fibroblast growth factors (FGF) constitute a large family of proteins with pleiotropic effects on development, organogenesis, and metabolism. The FGF19 subclass includes growth factors circulating with the blood referred to as endocrine FGF. Representatives of the FGF19 subclass, including FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23, act via FGFR receptors. The proteins of FGF19 subfamily influence the enterohepatic circulation of bile, participate in glucose and lipid metabolism regulation, and maintenance of phosphorus and vitamin D3 homeostasis. FGF19 and FGF21 are activated under different physiological and pathological conditions. © 2019, The Author(s).
Medical Complications of Binge Eating Disorder; Binge eating disorder (BED)is the most common eating disorder and is accompanied by multiple medical comorbidities, many of which are associated with obesity-related diseases. However, the BED itself is likely to confer additional risk factors. BED presents with medical symptoms in virtually every body system and can have devastating consequences on both quality and length of life. This review covers the major comorbidities of BED and highlights areas of ongoing research in this disorder. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Barriers and facilitators to healthy eating among low-income Latino adolescents; Objective: The objective of this study was to explore barriers and facilitators to healthy eating among low-income Latino adolescents using an intervention development framework. Methods: Semi-structured interviews (n = 30) were conducted with Latino youth ages 13–17 who had overweight or obesity at a safety-net clinic in San Francisco, CA. Adolescent beliefs and attitudes regarding healthy eating and individual, family, and community level barriers and facilitators were elicited. Interviews were analyzed using an inductive approach and the Capability-Opportunity-Motivation (COM-B) model. Results: Participants had capability gaps; while they demonstrated basic nutrition knowledge, they also held significant misconceptions about healthy eating, equating “organic” with healthy and failing to recognize sugar in a number of beverages and foods. Families were a source of support through role modeling and purchasing fresh produce, yet in many cases also undermined adolescents’ healthy eating goals through purchases of high calorie low nutrient food, an opportunity facilitator and challenge. By contrast, peers were mostly a negative influence due to frequent consumption of high calorie low nutrient food. The school environment posed opportunity challenges as participants found school lunch unpalatable and had ready access to unhealthy options nearby. Participants were motivated to improve their eating habits but often not resilient in the face of obstacles. Conclusions: Interventions to promote healthy eating among low-income Latino adolescents should address common nutritional misconceptions, target families as well as teens, consider peer influences, and advocate for policy approaches that improve the school food environment. © 2019
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in patients living with diabetes: Which patients should be screened?; Aim: Because type 2 diabetes (T2D) is related to obesity, it is often associated with obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS), although OSAS is also frequently diagnosed in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and may promote gestational diabetes. Thus, this systematic review of the scientific evidence aimed to evaluate the epidemiological association between OSAS and all forms of diabetes, the current understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms behind these associations, the expected benefits and limitations of OSAS treatment in patients with diabetes and, finally, to propose which patients require screening for OSAS. Methods: A panel comprising French expert endocrinologists and pneumologists was convened. Two of these experts made a search of the relevant literature for each subpart of the present report; all panel experts then critically reviewed the entire report separately as well as collectively. Results: There is little evidence to support the notion that OSAS treatment improves glycated haemoglobin, although it may improve nighttime blood glucose control and insulin sensitivity. However, there is robust evidence that OSAS treatment lowers 24-h blood pressure. Conclusion: The high prevalence of OSAS in patients with T1D and T2D justifies screening for the syndrome, which should be based on clinical symptoms, as the benefits of OSAS treatment are mainly improvement of symptoms related to sleep apnoea. There are also several clinical situations wherein screening for OSAS seems justified in patients with diabetes even when they have no symptoms, particularly to optimalize control of blood pressure in cases of resistant hypertension and microvascular complications. © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS
Implications of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on pregnancy and maternal and child outcomes; With an estimated 10% prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women of childbearing age, it is important to understand the implications of this disease on pregnancy. This article explores the relationship between NAFLD and gestational diabetes mellitus, the implications of maternal NAFLD on both the pregnancy and the infant, and the effects of breastfeeding on maternal and offspring health. Prospective studies and sensitive diagnostic techniques for the evaluation of NAFLD during pregnancy are limited; however, emerging evidence suggests that appropriate counseling and monitoring of patients with, or at risk of developing, NAFLD during pregnancy may have significant benefits on maternal and child health. © 2019 Gastro-Hep Communications, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Iron regulatory protein 2 deficiency may correlate with insulin resistance; Iron is known to be a crucial regulator of glucose, and several studies have demonstrated that iron overload is one of the risk factors for insulin resistance and diabetes; however, the mechanism has not yet been clarified. To investigate the effect of iron overload on glucose metabolism and the underlying mechanism, Irp2 knockout (Irp2−/−) mice (endogenous iron overload model) were used. We found that Irp2−/− mice exhibited hyperglycemia and iron overload in the liver and skeletal muscle. Increased MDA, decreased SOD levels, and increased cell apoptosis were also found in the liver and muscle of Irp2−/− mice. Glucose concentrations were significantly higher in Irp2−/− mice in insulin tolerance tests. However, early-phase insulin secretion was not altered in Irp2−/− mice. The expression of hepatic IRS2 and muscle GLUT4 was declined in Irp2−/− mice at both mRNA and protein levels when compared with those of wild-type control. In conclusions, Irp2−/− mice showed hyperglycemia, which might due to insulin resistance rather than due to impaired insulin secretion. © 2019
Maternal vitamin D deficiency and developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD); Vitamin D is an essential nutrient that is metabolized in the body to generate an active metabolite (1, 25(OH)2D) with hormone-like activity and highly diverse roles in cellular function. Vitamin D deficiency (VDD) is a prevalent but easily p reventable nutritional disturbance. Emerging evidence demonstrates the importance of s ufficient vitamin D concentrations during fetal life with deficiencies leading to long-term effects into adulthood. Here, we provide a detailed review and perspective of evidence for the role of maternal VDD in offspring long-term health, particularly as it relates to developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD). We focus on the roles in neurobehavioral and cardiometabolic disorders in humans and highlight recent finding s from zebrafish and rodent models that probe potential mechanisms linking early life VDD to later life health outcomes. Moreover, we explore evidence implicating epigenetic mechanisms as a mediator of this link. Gaps in our current understanding of how maternal VDD might result in deleterious offspring outcomes later in life are also addressed. © 2019 Society for Endocrinology.
The effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammatory markers among patients with diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed to evaluate the effect of probiotic and symbiotic supplementation on inflammatory markers among patients with diabetes. Clinical trials were searched using Cochrane Library, EMBASE, PubMed, and Web of Science online databases for relevant trials published until April 2018. Two independent investigators evaluated study eligibility, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias of included clinical trials. Cochran's Q test and I-square (I2) statistic were used to detect heterogeneity among the included. Data were pooled by using the random-effect model and standardized mean difference (SMD) was considered as the summary effect size. From 986 originally identified publications 18 clinical trials with a total of 1337 patients were included. Findings showed that probiotic and synbiotic supplementation among patients with diabetes significantly decreased tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) (SMD = −2.99; 95% CI, −4.77, −1.20; P = 0.001; I2: 96.3), and C-reactive protein (CRP) (SMD = −0.87; 95% CI, −1.27, −0.48; P < 0.001; I2: 90.2); while significantly increased nitric oxide (NO) concentrations (SMD = 1.49; 95% CI, 0.81, 2.16; P < 0.001; I2: 92.1). There were no effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels (SMD = −0.65; 95% CI, −1.88, 0.59; P = 0.30; I2: 94.7). In summary, the current meta-analysis demonstrated probiotic and synbiotic supplementation among patients with diabetes significantly decreased CRP and TNF-α, and increased NO levels, but did not affect IL-6 levels. © 2019
Western-style diet induces object recognition deficits and alters complexity of dendritic arborization in the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex of male rats; Objective: Research demonstrates a link between diet-induced obesity and cognitive impairments; however, no studies have utilized the Sholl analysis to assess changes in dendritic arborization as a possible cause of obesity-induced memory deficits. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to examine the effect of a Western-style diet (WSD) on memory and dendritic complexity of male Sprague–Dawley rats. Methods: Male Sprague–Dawley rats (n = 18) were fed either a control or WSD. Spatial memory and episodic memory were assessed using the Morris Water Maze and novel object recognition (NOR) tasks, respectively. At termination, brains were removed and prepared with the Golgi-Cox method. Stained neurons in both the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex (EC) were imaged and digitally reconstructed. Results: Results indicated significant differences in percent body fat and TNFα levels between dietary conditions. WSD males also experienced reduced NOR exploration ratios, but no deficits in spatial memory were observed. Analysis of dendritic length and number of branch points revealed no significant differences in either the EC or the hippocampus; however, the Sholl analysis indicated that a WSD increased neuronal complexity in the EC. Discussion: Sholl analysis of the EC suggests a possible diet-induced dysfunction of pruning, which may contribute to reduced performance on the NOR task. Elevated TNFα levels indicate a putative role of inflammation in neuronal remodeling. The results demonstrate the importance of investigating mechanisms underlying obesity-related cognitive impairments. © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Lean maternal hyperglycemia alters offspring lipid metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in mice; We previously developed a model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in which dams exhibit glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and reduced insulin response to glucose challenge only during pregnancy, without accompanying obesity. Here, we aimed to determine how lean gestational glucose intolerance affects offspring risk of metabolic dysfunction. One cohort of offspring was sacrificed at 19 weeks, and one at 31 weeks, with half of the second cohort placed on a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) at 23 weeks. Exposure to maternal glucose intolerance increased weights of HFHS-fed offspring. Chow-fed offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher body fat percentages at 4, 12, and 20 weeks of age. At 28 weeks, offspring of GDM dams fed the HFHS but not the chow diet (CD) also had higher body fat percentages than offspring of controls (CON). Exposure to GDM increased the respiratory quotient (Vol CO2/Vol O2) in offspring. Maternal GDM increased adipose mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (Pparg) and adiponectin (Adipoq) in 31-week-old CD-fed male offspring, and increased mRNA levels of insulin receptor (Insr) and lipoprotein lipase (Lpl) in 31-week-old male offspring on both diets. In liver at 31 weeks, mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (Ppara) were elevated in CD-fed male offspring of GDM dams, and male offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher mRNA levels of Insr on both diets. Neither fasting insulin nor glucose tolerance was affected by exposure to GDM. Our findings show that GDM comprising glucose intolerance only during pregnancy programs increased adiposity in offspring, and suggests increased insulin sensitivity of subcutaneous adipose tissue. © 2019 The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Society for the Study of Reproduction.
Ginsenoside Rk3 ameliorates high-fat-diet/streptozocin induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in mice: Via the AMPK/Akt signaling pathway; Ginsenoside Rk3 (G-Rk3) is a main active ingredient of ginsenosides. Several recent studies demonstrated that ginsenosides have potential anti-type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) properties. To evaluate the anti-T2DM effect of G-Rk3 and verify its potential mechanism, a high-fat-diet/streptozocin (HFD/STZ) induced model of T2DM in C57BL/6 mice and a high glucose induced insulin resistance model of HepG2 cells were applied in this research. Our analysis indicated that G-Rk3 reduced HFD/STZ induced hyperglycemia, and serum insulin and inflammation levels, and ameliorated glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, and prevented liver histological changes. Furthermore, it also significantly reduced lipid accumulation as shown by lower TG, LDL-C and TC serum concentrations and Oil Red O staining in liver tissues. The hypoglycemic effect of G-Rk3 seemed to be partially mediated via the inhibition of hepatic gluconeogenesis, which was supported by the activated p-Akt, p-FoxO1 and GLUT2 and inhibited FoxO1, PEPCK and G6pase protein expressions in the liver as well as increased glucose uptake in high glucose induced HepG2 cells. The gene expressions of hepatic gluconeogenesis were also down-regulated by G-Rk3 in HFD/STZ induced T2DM mice. In addition, G-Rk3 suppressed HFD/STZ induced lipid accumulation by regulating related gene and protein expressions such as p-ACC, FAS and SREBP-1, which are the downstream targets of AMPK. AMPK and Akt inhibitors significantly reversed G-Rk3 mediated hepatic gluconeogenesis and lipid accumulation. Thus, our study is the first to illustrate that G-Rk3 mediates hepatic gluconeogenesis and lipid accumulation via activating the AMPK/Akt signaling pathway in HFD/STZ induced T2DM mice. © 2019 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
The effects of magnesium and vitamin E co-supplementation on wound healing and metabolic status in patients with diabetic foot ulcer: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; This study was carried out to determine the effects of magnesium and vitamin E co-supplementation on wound healing and metabolic status in patients with diabetic foot ulcer (DFU). The current randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 57 patients with grade 3 DFU. Participants were randomly divided into two groups to take either 250 mg magnesium oxide plus 400 IU vitamin E (n = 29) or placebo per day (n = 28) for 12 weeks. Compared with the placebo, taking magnesium plus vitamin E supplements reduced ulcer length (β [difference in the mean of outcomes measures between treatment groups] −0.56 cm; 95% CI, −0.92, −0.20; p = 0.003), width (β −0.35 cm; 95% CI, −0.64, −0.05; p = 0.02) and depth (β −0.18 cm; 95% CI, −0.33, −0.02; p = 0.02). In addition, co-supplementation led to a significant reduction in fasting plasma glucose (β −13.41 mg/dL; 95% CI, −20.96, −5.86; p = 0.001), insulin (β −1.45 μIU/ml; 95% CI, −2.37, −0.52; p = 0.003), insulin resistance (β −0.60; 95% CI, −0.99, −0.20; p = 0.003) and HbA1c (β −0.32%; 95% CI, −0.48, −0.16; p < 0.003), and a significant elevation in insulin sensitivity (β 0.007; 95% CI, 0.003, 0.01; p < 0.001) compared with the placebo. Additionally, compared with the placebo, taking magnesium plus vitamin E supplements decreased triglycerides (β −10.08 mg/dL; 95% CI, −19.70, −0.46; p = 0.04), LDL-cholesterol (β −5.88 mg/dL; 95% CI, −11.42, −0.34; p = 0.03), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (β −3.42 mg/L; 95% CI, −4.44, −2.41; p < 0.001) and malondialdehyde (MDA) (β −0.30 μmol/L; 95% CI, −0.45, −0.15; p < 0.001), and increased HDL-cholesterol (β 2.62 mg/dL; 95% CI, 0.60, 4.63; p = 0.01) and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels (β 53.61 mmol/L; 95% CI, 4.65, 102.57; p = 0.03). Overall, magnesium and vitamin E co-supplementation for 12 weeks to patients with DFU had beneficial effects on ulcer size, glycemic control, triglycerides, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol, hs-CRP, TAC, and MDA levels. © 2019 by the Wound Healing Society
A narrative review on effects of vitamin D on main risk factors and severity of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; The global prevalence of Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)is increasing rapidly. Many studies have been conducted on the treatment of NAFLD; nevertheless, there is still no approved drug treatment for this disease. Although the pathogenesis of NAFLD is not fully understood, but inflammation, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, obesity and dyslipidemia are among the main causes. Epidemiological studies have shown that hypovitaminosis D is associated with these factors causing NAFLD. In addition, rate of Vitamin D deficiency has been shown to be directly related to the severity of NAFLD. Accordingly, it is believed that vitamin D may help to treatment of NAFLD by improving the above-mentioned risk factors. The purpose of this review is to survey the recent advances in the field of Vitamin D efficacy on risk factors and the severity of NAFLD based on existing evidence, especially the clinical efficiency of vitamin D supplementation in patients with NAFLD. © 2019 Diabetes India
Giving a good start to a new life via maternal brain allostatic adaptations in pregnancy; Successful pregnancy requires adjustments to multiple maternal homeostatic mechanisms, governed by the maternal brain to support and enable survival of the growing fetus and placenta. Such adjustments fit the concept of allostasis (stability through change)and have a cost: allostatic load. Allostasis is driven by ovarian, anterior pituitary, placental and feto-placental hormones acting on the maternal brain to promote adaptations that support the pregnancy and protect the fetus. Many women carry an existing allostatic load into pregnancy, from socio-economic circumstances, poor mental health and in ‘developed’ countries, also from obesity. These pregnancies have poorer outcomes indicating negative interactions (failing allostasis)between pre-pregnancy and pregnancy allostatic loads. Use of animal models, such as adult prenatally stressed female offspring with abnormal neuroendocrine, metabolic and behavioural phenotypes, to probe gene expression changes, and epigenetic mechanisms in the maternal brain in adverse pregnancies are discussed, with the prospect of ameliorating poor pregnancy outcomes. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of probiotic Lactobacillus paracasei TD3 on moderation of cholesterol biosynthesis pathway in rats; Objective(s): Prevalence of high-fat food consumption, such as fast foods is one of the major causes of hypercholesterolemia, which can lead to cardiovascular diseases. 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR) and cytochrome P450 7A1 (CYP7A1) are two key genes in cholesterol metabolism. Use of probiotics in the diet is a promising approach for modulation of serum lipid. To confirm the modulation of serum lipids by probiotics, in this study, we have examined the efficacy of Lactobacillus paracasei TD3 in improving blood cholesterol levels. Materials and Methods: 21 male Wistar rats were divided into three groups randomly (n=7). G1: negative control with normal diet, G2: positive control with high-fat diet, G3T: test group with high-fat diet plus supplementation with L. paracasei TD3 (1010 CFU). In the 21st day, the rats were anesthetized using chloroform and then sacrificed. Blood samples were collected to analyze lipid panel parameters and hepatic enzymes by the auto-analyzer system. Adipose tissue samples were analyzed using real-time PCR for HMGCR and CYP7A1 genes expression. Results: Consumption of L. paracasei TD3 could reduce serum cholesterol levels significantly (P<0.05); whereas, there was no significant difference between experimental groups for triglycerides, LDL, and HDL levels. Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) enzymes were significantly decreased in the probiotic group. Furthermore, expression of HMGCR and CYP7A1 genes was dramatically declined in the probiotic group. There was no significant change in either uric acid or urea between the control and treated groups. Conclusion: Introduction of L. paracasei TD3 in rat’s diet can modulate serum cholesterol levels. © 2019, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Transforming Diabetes Care Through Artificial Intelligence: The Future Is Here; An estimated 425 million people globally have diabetes, accounting for 12% of the world's health expenditures, and yet 1 in 2 persons remain undiagnosed and untreated. Applications of artificial intelligence (AI) and cognitive computing offer promise in diabetes care. The purpose of this article is to better understand what AI advances may be relevant today to persons with diabetes (PWDs), their clinicians, family, and caregivers. The authors conducted a predefined, online PubMed search of publicly available sources of information from 2009 onward using the search terms "diabetes" and "artificial intelligence." The study included clinically-relevant, high-impact articles, and excluded articles whose purpose was technical in nature. A total of 450 published diabetes and AI articles met the inclusion criteria. The studies represent a diverse and complex set of innovative approaches that aim to transform diabetes care in 4 main areas: automated retinal screening, clinical decision support, predictive population risk stratification, and patient self-management tools. Many of these new AI-powered retinal imaging systems, predictive modeling programs, glucose sensors, insulin pumps, smartphone applications, and other decision-support aids are on the market today with more on the way. AI applications have the potential to transform diabetes care and help millions of PWDs to achieve better blood glucose control, reduce hypoglycemic episodes, and reduce diabetes comorbidities and complications. AI applications offer greater accuracy, efficiency, ease of use, and satisfaction for PWDs, their clinicians, family, and caregivers. © Irene Dankwa-Mullan et al. 2019; Published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2019.
Application of NMR metabolomics to search for human disease biomarkers in blood; Recently, nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMR)-based metabolomics analysis and multivariate statistical techniques have been incorporated into a multidisciplinary approach to profile changes in small molecules associated with the onset and progression of human diseases. The purpose of these efforts is to identify unique metabolite biomarkers in a specific human disease so as to (1) accurately predict and diagnose diseases, including separating distinct disease stages; (2) provide insights into underlying pathways in the pathogenesis and progression of the malady and (3) aid in disease treatment and evaluate the efficacy of drugs. In this review we discuss recent developments in the application of NMR-based metabolomics in searching disease biomarkers in human blood samples in the last 5 years. © 2019 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston 2019.
Diabetes in developing countries; There has been a rapid escalation of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in developing countries, with varied prevalence according to rural vs urban habitat and degree of urbanization. Some ethnic groups (eg, South Asians, other Asians, and Africans), develop diabetes a decade earlier and at a lower body mass index than Whites, have prominent abdominal obesity, and accelerated the conversion from prediabetes to diabetes. The burden of complications, both macro- and microvascular, is substantial, but also varies according to populations. The syndemics of diabetes with HIV or tuberculosis are prevalent in many developing countries and predispose to each other. Screening for diabetes in large populations living in diverse habitats may not be cost-effective, but targeted high-risk screening may have a place. The cost of diagnostic tests and scarcity of health manpower pose substantial hurdles in the diagnosis and monitoring of patients. Efforts for prevention remain rudimentary in most developing countries. The quality of care is largely poor; hence, a substantial number of patients do not achieve treatment goals. This is further amplified by a delay in seeking treatment, “fatalistic attitudes”, high cost and non-availability of drugs and insulins. To counter these numerous challenges, a renewed political commitment and mandate for health promotion and disease prevention are urgently needed. Several low-cost innovative approaches have been trialed with encouraging outcomes, including training and deployment of non-medical allied health professionals and the use of mobile phones and telemedicine to deliver simple health messages for the prevention and management of T2D. © 2019 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Errors in measuring plasma free fatty acid concentrations with a popular enzymatic colorimetric kit;                              Objectives: Our goal was to test whether an enzymatic, colorimetric assay, the WAKO NEFA kit, provides information equivalent to liquid chromatography (LC) LC-based measures of free fatty acid (FFA). Design & methods: We reanalyzed nadir FFA samples from 109 volunteers from a previous study where we demonstrated that maximal suppression of FFA concentrations predicts metabolic abnormalities in humans; the results from the WAKO NEFA kit, which has been widely used for over three decades, could not replicate our findings. We conducted additional studies to directly compare results from this kit to our LC-mass spectrometry (LC/MS) method that was validated by our LC-UV detection method. Results: Plasma samples with FFA concentrations ranging from 0.015 to 1.813 mmol/L were measured both by LC-mass spectrometry (LC/MS) and by the WAKO NEFA kit. Despite good overall agreement (R                             2                              = 0.86), the slope was significantly different from 1.0 and the intercept was significantly different from zero. The results from the kit were especially discrepant with FFA concentrations <0.200 and >1.000 mmol/L. Some of the discrepancy was related to the use of oleate as the standard solution for the kit and the substrate specificity of the kit enzymes for different fatty acids. Despite attempts to improve the kit by modifying the reaction time, sample volume and the types of standard solutions, we could not obtain a satisfactory agreement between the WAKO NEFA results and LC/MS. Conclusions: The WAKO NEFA kit should not be used when high precision and accuracy of FFA concentrations over a wide range is required.                          © 2019 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists
Low-Fat diet designed for weight loss but not weight maintenance improves nitric oxide-dependent arteriolar vasodilation in obese adults; Obesity is associated with microvascular dysfunction. While low-fat diet improves cardiovascular risk, its contributions on microvascular function, independent of weight loss, is unknown. We tested the hypothesis that nitric oxide (NO)-dependent vasodilation in microvessels is improved by low-fat diets designed for weight loss (LFWL) compared to low-fat weight maintenance (LFWM) diet. Obese adults were randomly assigned to either a LFWL diet (n = 11) or LFWM diet (n = 10) for six weeks. Microvessels were obtained from gluteal subcutaneous fat biopsies before and after the intervention for vascular reactivity measurements to acetylcholine (Ach) and flow, with and without L-NAME or indomethacin. Vascular and serum NO and C-reactive protein (CRP) were also measured. LFWL diet increased flow-induced (FID) and ACh-induced dilation (AChID); an effect that was inhibited by L-NAME. Conversely, LFWM diet did not affect FID or AChID. Indomethacin improved FID and AChID in the baseline and this effect was minimized in response to both diets. Serum NO or CRP did not change in response to either diet. In conclusion, LFWL diet improves microvascular reactivity compared to LFWM diet and increased vascular NO contribution to the improved microvascular dilation. These data suggest that weight reduction on low fat diet is critical for microvascular health. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. All rights reserved.
Longitudinal multi-omics of host–microbe dynamics in prediabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) is a growing health problem, but little is known about its early disease stages, its effects on biological processes or the transition to clinical T2D. To understand the earliest stages of T2D better, we obtained samples from 106 healthy individuals and individuals with prediabetes over approximately four years and performed deep profiling of transcriptomes, metabolomes, cytokines, and proteomes, as well as changes in the microbiome. This rich longitudinal data set revealed many insights: first, healthy profiles are distinct among individuals while displaying diverse patterns of intra- and/or inter-personal variability. Second, extensive host and microbial changes occur during respiratory viral infections and immunization, and immunization triggers potentially protective responses that are distinct from responses to respiratory viral infections. Moreover, during respiratory viral infections, insulin-resistant participants respond differently than insulin-sensitive participants. Third, global co-association analyses among the thousands of profiled molecules reveal specific host–microbe interactions that differ between insulin-resistant and insulin-sensitive individuals. Last, we identified early personal molecular signatures in one individual that preceded the onset of T2D, including the inflammation markers interleukin-1 receptor agonist (IL-1RA) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) paired with xenobiotic-induced immune signalling. Our study reveals insights into pathways and responses that differ between glucose-dysregulated and healthy individuals during health and disease and provides an open-access data resource to enable further research into healthy, prediabetic and T2D states. © 2019, The Author(s).
Metabolomics signature associated with circulating serum selenoprotein P levels; Purpose: Selenoprotein P (SELENOP) has been previously related to various metabolic traits with partially conflicting results. The identification of SELENOP-associated metabolites, using an untargeted metabolomics approach, may provide novel biological insights relevant to disentangle the role of SELENOP in human health. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 572 serum metabolites were identified by comparing the obtained LC–MS/MS spectra with spectra stored in Metabolon’s spectra library. Serum SELENOP levels were measured in 832 men and women using an ELISA kit. Results: Circulating SELENOP levels were associated with 24 out of 572 metabolites after accounting for the number of independent dimensions in the metabolomics data, including inverse associations with alanine, glutamate, leucine, isoleucine and valine, an unknown compound X-12063, urate and the peptides gamma-glutamyl-leucine, and N-acetylcarnosine. Positive associations were observed between SELENOP and several lipid compounds. Of the identified metabolites, each standard deviation increase in the branched-chain amino acids (isoleucine, leucine, valine), alanine and gamma-glutamyl-leucine was related to higher odds of having T2DM [OR (95% CI): 1.96 (1.41–2.73); 1.62 (1.15–2.28); 1.94 (1.45–2.60), 1.57 (1.17–2.11), and 1.52 (1.13–2.05), respectively]. Conclusions: Higher serum SELENOP levels were associated with an overall healthy metabolomics profile, which may provide further insights into potential mechanisms of SELENOP-associated metabolic disorders. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Point mutations in the PDX1 transactivation domain impair human β-cell development and function; Objective: Hundreds of missense mutations in the coding region of PDX1 exist; however, if these mutations predispose to diabetes mellitus is unknown. Methods: In this study, we screened a large cohort of subjects with increased risk for diabetes and identified two subjects with impaired glucose tolerance carrying common, heterozygous, missense mutations in the PDX1 coding region leading to single amino acid exchanges (P33T, C18R)in its transactivation domain. We generated iPSCs from patients with heterozygous PDX1P33T/+, PDX1C18R/+ mutations and engineered isogenic cell lines carrying homozygous PDX1P33T/P33T, PDX1C18R/C18R mutations and a heterozygous PDX1 loss-of-function mutation (PDX1+/−). Results: Using an in vitro β-cell differentiation protocol, we demonstrated that both, heterozygous PDX1P33T/+, PDX1C18R/+ and homozygous PDX1P33T/P33T, PDX1C18R/C18R mutations impair β-cell differentiation and function. Furthermore, PDX1+/− and PDX1P33T/P33T mutations reduced differentiation efficiency of pancreatic progenitors (PPs), due to downregulation of PDX1-bound genes, including transcription factors MNX1 and PDX1 as well as insulin resistance gene CES1. Additionally, both PDX1P33T/+ and PDX1P33T/P33T mutations in PPs reduced the expression of PDX1-bound genes including the long-noncoding RNA, MEG3 and the imprinted gene NNAT, both involved in insulin synthesis and secretion. Conclusions: Our results reveal mechanistic details of how common coding mutations in PDX1 impair human pancreatic endocrine lineage formation and β-cell function and contribute to the predisposition for diabetes. © 2019 The Authors
Impact of supplementary amino acids, micronutrients, and overall diet on glutathione homeostasis; Glutathione (GSH) is a critical endogenous antioxidant found in all eukaryotic cells. Higher GSH concentrations protect against cellular damage, tissue degeneration, and disease progression in various models, so there is considerable interest in developing interventions that augment GSH biosynthesis. Oral GSH supplementation is not the most efficient option due to the enzymatic degradation of ingested GSH within the intestine by γ-glutamyltransferase, but supplementation of its component amino acids—cysteine, glycine, and glutamate—enhances tissue GSH synthesis. Furthermore, supplementation with some non-precursor amino acids and micronutrients appears to influence the redox status of GSH and related antioxidants, such as vitamins C and E, lowering systemic oxidative stress and slowing the rate of tissue deterioration. In this review, the effects of oral supplementation of amino acids and micronutrients on GSH metabolism are evaluated. And since specific dietary patterns and diets are being prescribed as first-line therapeutics for conditions such as hypertension and diabetes, the impact of overall diets on GSH homeostasis is also assessed. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Caffeine consumption through coffee: Content in the beverage, metabolism, health benefits and risks; Caffeine (1,3,7-trimethylxanthine) is the most consumed psychoactive substance in the world, acting by means of antagonism to adenosine receptors, mainly A1 and A2A. Coffee is the main natural source of the alkaloid which is quite soluble and well extracted during the brew’s preparation. After consumption, caffeine is almost completely absorbed and extensively metabolized in the liver by phase I (cytochrome P450) enzymes, mainly CYP1A2, which appears to be polymorphically distributed in human populations. Paraxanthine is the major caffeine metabolite in plasma, while methylated xanthines and methyluric acids are the main metabolites excreted in urine. In addition to stimulating the central nervous system, caffeine exerts positive effects in the body, often in association with other substances, contributing to prevention of several chronic diseases. The potential adverse effects of caffeine have also been extensively studied in animal species and in humans. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The association between intake of dietary lycopene and other carotenoids and gestational diabetes mellitus risk during mid-trimester: A cross-sectional study; This study aimed to determine whether increased carotenoids intake was associated with reduced risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We performed a cross-sectional analysis using data from Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort study. The dietary carotenoids intake of 1978 pregnant women was assessed using a researcher-administered FFQ before undertaking an oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 weeks. Multivariate logistic and linear regression analyses were used to obtain the effect estimates. Participants in the highest quartile of lycopene intake showed a lower risk of GDM (OR 0·50; 95 % CI 0·29, 0·86; P for trend = 0·007) compared with those in the lowest quartile; each 1 mg increase in lycopene consumption was associated with a 5 % (95 % CI 0·91, 0·99; P for trend = 0·020) decrease in GDM risk. No significant association was found between α-carotene, β-carotene, β-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin intake and GDM risk. Multiple linear regression analysis suggested an inverse association between lycopene intake and fasting blood glucose (FBG) (P for trend < 0·001); each 1 mg increase in lycopene intake was associated with 0·005 (95 % CI 0·002, 0·007; P for trend < 0·001) mmol/l decrease in FBG. Interaction analysis indicated consistent effect on each age or pre-BMI subgroup; however, a stronger protective effect of lycopene intake against GDM was observed among primigravid women (OR 0·20; 95 % CI 0·07, 0·55 in the highest v. the lowest quartile of intake; P for interaction = 0·036). In conclusion, dietary lycopene intake was mainly assumed via reducing FBG to decrease GDM risk, and the protection was relatively increased among primigravid women. © The Authors 2019.
Neuropeptide receptors as potential pharmacological targets for obesity; Obesity is a chronic multifactorial disease, characterized by an excessive accumulation of adipose tissue. It is usually the result of excessive food intake and/or low energy expenditure. Obesity can be triggered by lifestyle, nutritional, genetic, environmental, hormonal and psychological factors. Several strategies are used to treat obesity, including dietary reeducation, with balanced food intake, increased physical exercise, in order to promote energy expenditure and to overcome the insufficiency in weight reduction by other strategies, and administration of drugs. However, these medications are associated to undesirable side effects, resulting in a high withdrawal rate. Several studies have been focused on the development of compounds that act in the hypothalamic region where the center of the regulation of hunger and satiety is located. Some of them target the activity of endogenous peptides, such as ghrelin pancreatic polypeptide, peptide YY and neuropeptide Y, as well as their receptors. This review addresses the importance of understanding the neuropeptide/peptide hormones and their receptors for the development of novel anti-obesity compounds that may aid in weight reduction as a promising alternative for the treatment of obesity. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic culprits in obese pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus: Big babies, Big Twists, Big picture; Pregnancy has been equated to a “stress test” in which placental hormones and growth factors expose a mother’s predisposition toward metabolic disease, unleashing her previously occult insulin resistance (IR), mild b-cell dysfunction, and glucose and lipid surplus due to the formidable forces of pregnancy-induced IR. Although pregnancy-induced IR is intended to assure adequate nutrition to the fetus and placenta, in mothers with obesity, metabolic syndrome, or those who develop gestational diabetes mellitus, this overnutrition to the fetus carries a lifetime risk for increased metabolic disease. Norbert Freinkel, nearly 40 years ago, coined this excess intrauterine nutrient exposure and subsequent offspring developmental risk “fuel-mediated teratogenesis,” not limited to only excess maternal glucose. Our attempts to better elucidate the causes and mechanisms behind this double-edged IR of pregnancy, to metabolically characterize the intrauterine environment that results in changes in newborn body composition and later childhood obesity risk, and to examine potential therapeutic approaches that might target maternal metabolism are the focus of this article. Rapidly advancing technologies in genomics, proteomics, and metabolomics offer us innovative approaches to interrogate these metabolic processes in the mother, her microbiome, the placenta, and her offspring that contribute to a phenotype at risk for future metabolic disease. If we are successful in our efforts, the researcher, endocrinologist, obstetrician, and health care provider fortunate enough to care for pregnant women have the unique opportunity to positively impact health outcomes not only in the short term but in the long run, not just in one life but in twodand possibly, for the next generation. © 2019 by the American Diabetes Association.
Benefits of the Mediterranean diet: Epidemiological and molecular aspects; More than 50 years after the Seven Countries Study, a large number of epidemiological studies have explored the relationship between the Mediterranean diet (MD) and health, through observational, case-control, some longitudinal and a few experimental studies. The overall results show strong evidence suggesting a protective effect of the MD mainly on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and certain types of cancer. The beneficial effects have been attributed to the types of food consumed, total dietary pattern, components in the food, cooking techniques, eating behaviors and lifestyle behaviors, among others. The aim of this article is to review and summarize the knowledge derived from the literature focusing on the benefits of the MD on health, including those that have been extensively investigated (CVD, cancer) along with more recent issues such as mental health, immunity, quality of life, etc. The review begins with a brief description of the MD and its components. Then we present a review of studies evaluating metabolic biomarkers and genotypes in relation to the MD. Other sections are dedicated to observation and intervention studies for various pathologies. Finally, some insights into the relationship between the MD and sustainability are explored. In conclusion, the research undertaken on metabolomics approaches has identified potential markers for certain MD components and patterns, but more investigation is needed to obtain valid measures. Further evaluation of gene-MD interactions are also required to better understand the mechanisms by which the MD diet exerts its beneficial effects on health. Observation and intervention studies, particularly PREDIMED, have provided invaluable data on the benefits of the MD for a wide range of chronic diseases. However further research is needed to explore the effects of other lifestyle components associated with Mediterranean populations, its environmental impact, as well as the MD extrapolation to non-Mediterranean contexts. © 2019
Excessive backfat of sows at mating promotes oxidative stress and up-regulates mitochondrial-mediated apoptotic pathway in the full-term placenta; The objective of this investigation was to evaluate the influence of back-fat thickness (BF), at mating of sows, on the placental oxidative stress, mitochondrial injury and apoptosis. For that purpose, we performed iTRAQ labeling based proteomic analysis on term placentas obtained by vaginal delivery from BFI (15–20 mm) and BFII (21–27 mm) sows formed according to BF at mating. Proteomic analysis revealed 413 proteins to be significantly different in placenta from BFII sows by ≥1.2-fold. Gene ontology (GO) analysis identified proteins related to oxidative stress response and apoptotic process to be altered in placenta from BFII sows. Indicative of increased oxidative stress and impaired mitochondrial function, higher placental MDA, H2O2 and O2− levels and reduced CAT and SOD activities were linked to decreased mitochondrial membrane potential and reduced mitochondrial DNA copy number and increased MPTP opening activity in placenta from BFII group (P< 0.05). Furthermore, a TUNEL apoptosis assay showed that increased back-fat triggered a 33% increase of apoptotic cells in placental villi; and apoptosis was confirmed by the decreased protein contents of Bcl-2, as well as the increased expression of Bax, cytochrome c, Apaf-1, caspase 9 and cleaved caspase 3 in placenta from BFII sows that was associated with higher caspase 3 activity (P< 0.05), suggesting the activation of mitochondrial apoptotic pathway. Excessive back-fat was also associated with increased activation of Mark4 and JNK1 and reduced activation of p38 MAPK in pig term placenta, suggesting the potential mechanisms underlying increased oxidative stress and apoptosis in placenta from BFII sows. Together, these findings indicate that excessive back-fat of sows at mating leads to increased oxidative stress that is associated with mitochondrial dysfunction and augmented apoptosis in the full-term placenta. © 2019
High-fat diet intake modulates maternal intestinal adaptations to pregnancy and results in placental hypoxia, as well as altered fetal gut barrier proteins and immune markers; Key points: Maternal obesity has been associated with shifts in intestinal microbiota, which may contribute to impaired barrier function Impaired barrier function may expose the placenta and fetus to pro-inflammatory mediators We investigated the impacts of diet-induced obesity in mice on maternal and fetal intestinal structure and placental vascularization Diet-induced obesity decreased maternal intestinal short chain fatty acids and their receptors, impaired gut barrier integrity and was associated with fetal intestinal inflammation. Placenta from obese mothers showed blood vessel immaturity, hypoxia, increased transcript levels of inflammation, autophagy and altered levels of endoplasmic reticulum stress markers. These data suggest that maternal intestinal changes probably contribute to adverse placental adaptations and also impart an increased risk of obesity in the offspring via alterations in fetal gut development. Abstract: Shifts in maternal intestinal microbiota have been implicated in metabolic adaptations to pregnancy. In the present study, we generated cohorts of female C57BL/6J mice fed a control (17% kcal fat, n = 10–14) or a high-fat diet (HFD 60% kcal from fat, n = 10–14; ad libitum) aiming to investigate the impact on the maternal gut microbiota, intestinal inflammation and gut barrier integrity, placental inflammation and fetal intestinal development at embryonic day 18.5. HFD was associated with decreased relative abundances of short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) producing genera during pregnancy. These diet-induced shifts paralleled decreased maternal intestinal mRNA levels of SCFA receptor Gpr41, modestly decreased cecal butyrate, and altered mRNA levels of inflammatory cytokines and immune cell markers in the maternal intestine. Maternal HFD resulted in impaired gut barrier integrity, with corresponding increases in circulating maternal levels of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and tumour necrosis factor. Placentas from HFD dams demonstrated blood vessel immaturity and hypoxia; decreased free carnitine, acylcarnitine derivatives and trimethylamine-N-oxide; and altered mRNA levels of inflammation, autophagy, and ER stress markers. HFD exposed fetuses had increased activation of nuclear factor-kappa B and inhibition of the unfolded protein response in the developing intestine. Taken together, these data suggest that HFD intake prior to and during pregnancy shifts the composition of the maternal gut microbiota and impairs gut barrier integrity, resulting in increased maternal circulating LPS, which may ultimate contribute to changes in placental vascularization and fetal gut development. © 2019 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2019 The Physiological Society
Children born to women with polycystic ovary syndrome—short- and long-term impacts on health and development; Maternal PCOS status may negatively influence offspring infant and childhood growth, cardiometabolic health, reproductive health, and neurodevelopment. Current findings across studies are divergent, often because of small numbers of subjects, as well as heterogeneous selection criteria, ethnicities, and definitions of control groups. Coexisting maternal obesity, pregnancy complications, and comorbidity make it difficult to identify the contribution of maternal PCOS. Large, prospective, international, multiethnic studies with standardized investigation protocols and questionnaires on PCOS offspring health and development are needed. © 2019 American Society for Reproductive Medicine
Regulation of glucose metabolism by bioactive phytochemicals for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the most prevalent disease and becoming a serious public health threat worldwide. It is a severe endocrine metabolic disorder that has the ability to induce serious complications in all kinds of organs. Although mechanisms of anti-diabetics have been described before, we focus here on the cellular and physiological mechanisms involved in the modulation of insulin and glucose blood levels. As obesity and inflammation are intimately associated with the development of T2DM, their possible relationships are also described. The effects of gut microbiota on insulin resistance have been recently investigated in clinical trials, and we discuss the potential mechanisms by which gut microbiota may improve glucose handling, especially via the metabolism of ingested phytochemicals. Among the historically supported effects of phytochemicals, their therapeutic potential for T2DM leads to consider these natural products as an important pool for the identification of novel anti-diabetic drug leads. This current research extends the descriptions of anti-diabetic effects of plants that are used in traditional medicines or as nutraceuticals. The objective of the present review is to make a systematic report on glucose metabolism in T2DM as well as to explore the relationships between natural phytochemicals and glucose handling. © 2018, © 2018 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Increased levels of the novel hepatokine fetuin B in patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Objectives: To investigate liver-derived plasma protein fetuin B levels in healthy pregnant women and pregnant women with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Materials and methods: Forty women with ICP and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in this cross-sectional study. The serum fetuin B levels of these patients were analyzed. The patients were followed up to delivery. Results: Maternal age, gravida, parity, BMI at assessment, and gestational age at blood sampling were similar between the ICP and control groups (p >.05). However, the gestational age at delivery and the birth weight were significantly lower in the ICP group (p <.05). Total bile acid (TBA) levels and liver function tests were significantly higher in the ICP group than in the control group (p <.0001 and <.0001, respectively). In addition, serum fetuin B concentrations were significantly higher in the ICP group than in the control group (p <.0001). The best cutoff for fetuin B serum concentration was 5540.2 pg/mL. Serum values greater than this threshold had 80% sensitivity and 65% specificity for the diagnosis of ICP. Conclusions: Serum fetuin B was higher in patients with ICP compared to healthy pregnant women and might be a new biomarker. © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Increased GPR120 level is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; G-protein coupled receptor 120 (GPR120 or FFAR4) functions as a receptor for free fatty acids and plays a critical role in lipid metabolism. Studies have shown a close relationship between GDM and lipid metabolism disorders, whether GPR120 participates in the metabolic regulation of GDM remains unclear. In this study, 29 women with GDM and 33 normal pregnant women were enrolled. Lipid profiles were determined by lipidomics, expression of GPR120 and FGF21 was measured in the white blood cells, and regulation of FGF21 by GPR120 was investigated in THP-1 cells as well as human peripheral blood monocytes. Lipidomics reveal altered lipid metabolism in patients with GDM. The expression of both GPR120 and FGF21 is significantly higher in the GDM than in the control at the 32nd and 37th weeks of pregnancy, but the differences disappear by the 2nd day post-delivery. Generally positive correlations are found between the total amount of lipids and expression levels of GPR120 and FGF21 in GDM patients. FGF21 expression is induced by GPR120 activation in THP-1 cells and WBCs. GPR120 may act as a metabolic regulator, through the induction of FGF21, to control lipid metabolism, and GDM patients may manifest a GPR120 insensitivity. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Higher maternal plasma folate, vitamin B12 and homocysteine levels in women with preeclampsia; Micronutrients like vitamin B12 and folate play an important role in nucleic acid metabolism, cell growth, and are important determinants of fetal growth. The present study examined the levels of maternal and cord plasma folate, vitamin B12, homocysteine, and their association with birth outcome in women with preeclampsia (PE). This study includes 450 normotensive control (NC) and 350 women with PE. PE women were further classified into women delivering at term (n = 224) and preterm (n = 126). Maternal and cord blood was collected at delivery. The levels of maternal vitamin B12 (p < 0.05), folate (p < 0.01), and homocysteine (p < 0.01) were higher in the PE group as compared to the NC group. Maternal folate levels were higher in both term and preterm groups, while vitamin B12 levels were higher only in the preterm group as compared to NC group. In contrast, homocysteine was higher only in the term PE group. Similar changes were also observed in the cord plasma. There was a positive association of maternal plasma homocysteine with systolic (r = 0.151, p = 0.000, n = 578) and diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.213, p = 0.000, n = 578) in the whole cohort. A negative association of maternal folate with systolic blood pressure (r = −0.105, p = 0.048, n = 352) while a positive association with baby weight in the NC group (r = 0.116, p = 0.029, n = 352). The present study suggests that maternal and cord micronutrient levels are altered in women with PE. © 2019, Springer Nature Limited.
Gene-gene and gene-environment interactions in lipodystrophy: Lessons learned from natural PPARγ mutants; Monogenic lipodystrophies are a heterogeneous group of rare disorders characterized by a lack of adipose tissue (AT), all of which predispose patients to the development of insulin resistance and its related metabolic sequelae. The extent of AT loss ranges from partial, as in familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD), to a total absence of metabolically active AT in congenital generalized lipodystrophy (CGL) and is generally associated with the severity of metabolic complications. Significant genetic, allelic, phenotypic, and clinical heterogeneity exists among the lipodystrophies. Patients with FPLD3 due to mutations in the PPARG gene, which encodes a key transcriptional regulator of adipocyte development and function, provide a particularly striking example of this heterogeneity. We will present several gene-gene and gene-environment factors and mechanisms that are critical for adequate PPARγ expression and activity in AT and discuss how these interactions potentially contribute to the observed spectrum of FPLD3 phenotypes. Comparable mechanisms may play a role in other types of lipodystrophies too, and their elucidation may further improve our molecular understanding of AT dysfunction. © 2019 The Authors
Current understanding of autophagy in pregnancy; Autophagy is an evolutionarily conserved process in eukaryotes to maintain cellular homeostasis under environmental stress. Intracellular control is exerted to produce energy or maintain intracellular protein quality controls. Autophagy plays an important role in embryogenesis, implantation, and maintenance of pregnancy. This role includes supporting extravillous trophoblasts (EVTs) that invade the decidua (endometrium) until the first third of uterine myometrium and migrate along the lumina of spiral arterioles under hypoxic and low-nutrient conditions in early pregnancy. In addition, autophagy inhibition has been linked to poor placentation-a feature of preeclamptic placentas-in a placenta-specific autophagy knockout mouse model. Studies of autophagy in human placentas have revealed controversial results, especially with regard to preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Without precise estimation of autophagy flux, wrong interpretation would lead to fixed tissues. This paper presents a review of the role of autophagy in pregnancy and elaborates on the interpretation of autophagy in human placental tissues. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Vitamin A signaling and homeostasis in obesity, diabetes, and metabolic disorders; Much evidence has accumulated in the literature over the last fifteen years that indicates vitamin A has a role in metabolic disease prevention and causation. This literature proposes that vitamin A can affect obesity development and the development of obesity-related diseases including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hepatic steatosis and steatohepatitis, and cardiovascular disease. Retinoic acid, the transcriptionally active form of vitamin A, accounts for many of the reported associations. However, a number of proteins involved in vitamin A metabolism, including retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) and aldehyde dehydrogenase 1A1 (ALDH1A1, alternatively known as retinaldehyde dehydrogenase 1 or RALDH1), have also been identified as being associated with metabolic disease. Some of the reported effects of these vitamin A-related proteins are proposed to be independent of their roles in assuring normal retinoic acid homeostasis. This review will consider both human observational data as well as published data from molecular studies undertaken in rodent models and in cells in culture. The primary focus of the review will be on the effects that vitamin A per se and proteins involved in vitamin A metabolism have on adipocytes, adipose tissue biology, and adipose-related disease, as well as on early stage liver disease, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). © 2019
Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic administration in people with Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial;                              Background & aims: The investigation was done to assess the impacts of probiotic supplementation on movement and metabolic parameters in individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: The study is randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, which was done in sixty people with PD. Individuals were randomly divided into two groups in order to take either 8 × 10                             9                              CFU/day probiotic or placebo (n = 30 each group) that lasted 12 weeks. The Movement Disorders Society-Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS) was recorded at pre- and post-intervention. Results: Compared with the placebo, consuming probiotic decreased MDS-UPDRS (−4.8 ± 12.5 vs. +3.8 ± 13.0, P = 0.01). Probiotic supplementation also reduced high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (−1.6 ± 2.5 vs. +0.1 ± 0.3 mg/L, P < 0.001) and malondialdehyde (−0.2 ± 0.3 vs. +0.1 ± 0.3 μmol/L, P = 0.006), and enhanced glutathione levels (+40.1 ± 81.5 vs. −12.1 ± 41.7 μmol/L, P = 0.03) in comparison with the placebo. Additionally, probiotic consumption resulted in a statistically significant reduction in insulin levels (−2.1 ± 3.4 vs. +1.5 ± 5.1 μIU/mL, P = 0.002) and insulin resistance (−0.5 ± 0.9 vs. +0.4 ± 1.2, P = 0.002), and a statistically significant rise in insulin sensitivity (+0.01 ± 0.02 vs. −0.006 ± 0.02, P = 0.01) in comparison with the placebo. Probiotic intake had no any significant impact on other metabolic profiles. Conclusions: Our study evidenced that 12 weeks of probiotic consumption by individuals with PD had useful impacts on MDS-UPDRS and few metabolic profiles. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier no. http://www.irct.ir: IRCT2017082434497N4.                          © 2018 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Youth-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Manifestations in other Specialties: Its Many Disguises; Background: Youth-onset type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing in many countries, creating large personal and societal burdens. While many primary health-care professionals (HCPs) are aware of the classic symptoms of T2D, there are several other manifestations that could indicate its presence. Summary: This narrative review summarizes information on these symptoms and indicators, focusing on those less well known. The classic symptoms and comorbidities include frequent urination, excessive thirst, metabolic syndrome, and obesity. In addition to these, the presence of dermatological (e.g., acanthosis nigricans, granuloma annulare, necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum, and scleredema), gynecological (e.g., polycystic ovary syndrome, oligomenorrhea, and vulvovaginitis), hepatological (e.g., nonalcoholic fatty liver disease), and psychiatric diseases (e.g., psychosis, depression, and autism) could indicate that a patient has T2D or is at increased risk of T2D. Other less well-known indicators include abnormal blood tests (e.g., oxidized lipids, inflammation markers, hepatokines, and adipokines), prescriptions for antipsychotic medications or statins, and disrupted sleep patterns. Key Message: Due to the diversity of T2D manifestations in young people, primary HCPs need to remain alert to its possible presence. © 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Effect of Puerarin in Reducing Insulin Resistance in HepG2 Cells via PI3K/Akt/GSK-3j8 Signal Transduction Pathway; Objective : To observe the effect of puerarin on phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K), protein kinase B (Akt) and glycogen synthase kinase-3^S (GSK-3/3) in insulin resistant HepG2 cells. Method : HepG2 cells were treated with palmitic acid 0. 5 mmol'L ~ and insulin 9x10 U *L ~ to induce insulin resistant condition for 24 h. Cell viability was detected by methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium (MTT) assay to determine the concentration of puerarin. This experiment included normal control group, model control group and puerarin groups of different doses (40, 80, 160, 320 (xg*L) - Glucose detection kit was used to detect the content of glucose in cell culture supernatant. Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-a) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels in supernatant of cell culture medium were detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) - Hepatic glycogen assay kit was used for detecting the hepatic glycogen content in HepG2 cells. Western blot was applied to detect protein expression levels of PI3K, Akt, pAkt, GSK-3jS and p-GSK-3^S. Result ； Compared with those in the normal control group, the glucose consumption rate was significantly down-regulated in HepG2 cells in the model control group (P < 0. 05), the intracellular glycogen content was decreased (P < 0. 05), the content of TNF-a and IL-6 were increased in supernatant of cell culture medium (P < 0. 05), PI3K protein level was decreased, Akt phosphorylation level was down-regulated (P < 0. 05), and GSK-3/3 protein expression was up-regulated (P < 0. 05). Compared with those in the model control group, in the puerarin groups, the glucose consumption rate was increased in a dose-dependent manner (P < 0. 05), the intracellular glycogen content was increased, the contents of TNF-ct and IL-6 were reduced in supernatant of cell culture medium (P < 0. 05), PI3K protein expression was enhanced, Akt phosphorylation level was up-regulated (P < 0. 05), GSK-3yS protein expression was down-regulated, but its phosphorylation inactivation was increased (P < 0. 05). Conclusion : Puerarin alleviates the insulin resistance of HepG2 cells by strengthening the PI3 K/Akt/GSK-3jS signal transduction process and increasing the glycogen content in hepatocytes. © 2019 Chinese Journal of Experimental Traditional Medical Formulae. All rights reserved.
Evolving data analysis of an Oral Lipid Tolerance Test toward the standard for the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test: Cross species modeling effects of AZD7687 on plasma triacylglycerol; We have developed a novel mechanistic pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) model to describe the time course of plasma triglyceride (TAG) after Oral Lipid Tolerance Test (OLTT) and the effects of AZD7687, an inhibitor of diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 (DGAT1), in humans, rats, and mice. Pharmacokinetic and plasma TAG data were obtained both in animals and in two phase I OLTT studies. In the PK/PD model, the introduction of exogenous TAG is represented by a first order process. The endogenous production and removal of TAG from plasma are described with a turnover model. AZD7687 inhibits the contribution of exogenous TAG into circulation. One or two compartment models with first order absorption was used to describe the PK of AZD7687 for the different species. Nonlinear mixed effect modeling was used to fit the model to the data. The effects of AZD7687 on the plasma TAG time course during an OLTT as well as interindividual variability were well described by the model in all three species. Meal fat content or data from single vs repeated dosing did not affect model parameter estimates. Body mass index was found to be a significant covariate on the plasma TAG baseline. The system parameters of the model will facilitate analysis for other compounds and provide tools to bring the standard of OLTT data analysis closer to the analyses of Oral Glucose Tolerance Test data maximizing knowledge gain. © 2019 The Authors. Pharmacology Research & Perspectives published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd, British Pharmacological Society and American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea Is Associated with Altered Glycemic Patterns in Pregnant Women with Obesity; Often unrecognized, obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) worsens over pregnancy and is associatedwith poorer perinatal outcomes. The association between OSA in late pregnancy andmetabolic biomarkers remains poorly understood. We tested the hypothesis that OSA in pregnant women with obesity is positively correlated with 24-hour patterns of glycemia and IR despite controlling for diet. Design: Pregnant women (32 to 34 weeks' gestation; body mass index, 30 to 40 kg/m2) wore a continuous glucose monitor for 3 days. OSA was measured in-home by WatchPAT 200 [apnea hypopnea index (AHI), oxygen desaturation index (ODI; number per hour)]. Fasting blood was collected followed by a 2-hour, 75-g, oral glucose tolerance test to measure IR. Association between AHI and 24-hour glucose area under the curve (AUC) was the powered outcome. © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Evaluation of the appropriate predictive contributor and diagnostic threshold for the cardio-metabolic syndrome in Chinese Uyghur adults; Background: Several epidemiological studies have suggested that optimal obesity and visceral adiposity indicators and their cut-off values to predict cardio-metabolic risks varied among different ethnic groups. However, few studies have investigated the associations of anthropometric indices with cardio-metabolic risks in Chinese Uyghur adults, and the results were inconsistent. Methods: Between May and September 2016, a total of 4664 subjects aged ≥18 years old were recruited from Northwest China. Anthropometric indices and cardio-metabolic risk factors were measured by trained personnel. Partial correlation analyses and logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate the associations of anthropometric indices with cardio-metabolic risk factors. Receiver operating characteristic analysis was used to compare the abilities of different anthropometric indices to predict cardio-metabolic risk factors, and to determine the optimal cut-off values. Results: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 39.41% in Uyghur adults from Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Waist circumference (WC) performed better than other obesity indices in predicting the cardio-metabolic risk factors, and the optimal cut-off value of WC to diagnose metabolic syndrome risk factors was 86.50 cm for women and 90.50 cm for men. Conclusions: Our study suggests that WC had the strongest predictive power for identifying cardio-metabolic risks in Xinjiang Uyghur adults. Further well-designed longitudinal studies are needed to confirm our findings. © 2019 The Author(s).
Bile-ology: from bench to bedside; Bile acids (BAs) are originally known as detergents essential for the digestion and absorption of lipids. In recent years, extensive research has unveiled new functions of BAs as gut hormones that modulate physiological and pathological processes, including glucose and lipid metabolism, energy expenditure, inflammation, tumorigenesis, cardiovascular disease, and even the central nervous system in addition to cholesterol homeostasis, enterohepatic protection and liver regeneration. BAs are closely linked with gut microbiota which might explain some of their crucial roles in organs. The signaling actions of BAs can also be mediated through specific nuclear receptors and membrane-bound G protein-coupled receptors. Several pharmacological agents or bariatric surgeries have demonstrated efficacious therapeutic effects on metabolic diseases through targeting BA signaling. In this mini-review, we summarize recent advances in bile-ology, focusing on its translational studies. © 2019, Zhejiang University and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Prevention of opportunistic non-communicable diseases; As strategies targeting undernutrition and infections become increasingly successful in low-and middle-income countries (LMICs), a second challenge has appeared, namely premature onset of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). In LMICs, NCDs are often related to exposure to undernutrition and infections. As NCDs strike societies and individuals with impaired resistance or a deficient health (care) state, why not label such diseases 'opportunistic', in analogy with opportunistic infections attacking individuals with HIV? We propose the concept of opportunistic NCDs, hoping that fighting against infections, and for better maternal and child health, is becoming acknowledged as essential for the early prevention of NCDs. © 2019 The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.
Effects of rilpivirine, 17β-estradiol and β-naphthoflavone on the inflammatory status of release of adipocytokines in 3T3-L1 adipocytes in vitro; Rilpivirine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, recently developed as a drug of choice for initial anti-retroviral (ARV) treatment of HIV-1 infection, whereas estradiol is a major component of hormonal contraceptives. Both drugs have effects on lipid metabolism, impairment of adipocyte differentiation and alteration of adipose tissue distribution and function.This study investigated the effects of different concentrations of either rilpivirine or estradiol either alone or in combination on adipocyte differentiation and adipocytokines status in vitro in the absence and presence of β-naphthoflavone, (BNF),a potent agonist of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor. 3T3-L1 human pre-adipocytes were cultured and differentiated with different concentrations of treatment drugs. After 10 days of differentiation procedure, cells were examined for their morphology and viability. Glycerol,adiponectin, leptin, resistin and interleukin-8 (IL-8) were quantified using commercially available kits. The results show that either rilpivirine or estradiol individually or during their combination can evoke significant increases in glycerol release and a concomitant significant decrease of adiponectin from adipocytes. These effects were dose–dependent. The effects of combined treatments were much larger than individual concentration for each drug. Both drugs had little of no effect on leptin levels, except for a small decrease with 10 µM rilpivirine alone or when combined with estradiol. In addition, both drugs evoked small increases in the release of resistin and interleukin-8 with significant values at higher doses compared to untreated adipocytes.When adipocytes were pretreated with BNF, either rilpivirine or, estradiol or when combined evoked a much larger release in glycerol and a much larger decrease in adiponectin compared to the absence of BNF. In contrast, BNF pretreatment had little of no effect on either leptin, resistin or IL-8 metabolism compared to the results obtained in the presence of either rilpivirine or estradiol alone or in combination.These results show that rilpivirine and estradiol either alone or when combined or pretreated with BNF can evoke marked effects on glycerol and cytokines levels from adipocytes. However, their mechanism (s) in inducing adipogenesis warrants further investigation of different transcription factors at gene expression levels. © 2019, The Author(s).
Evaluation of Plasma Trace Elements in Different Stages of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered as the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Its global prevalence is estimated between 25 and 45%, occurring mainly in overweight individuals with unhealthy dietary habits and low levels of physical activity. Many studies have investigated the association of trace elements with liver diseases, though not with NAFLD. In this work, we investigated trace element levels in plasma of patients and not-patients and their possible association with various stages of the disease. Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) was employed for the determination of As, Ba, Cd, Co, Cs, Cu, Fe, Rb, Sr, Tl, and Zn in the plasma of 189 free-living residents of Athens, Greece, either healthy or patients with mild, moderate, or severe NAFLD. The disease was diagnosed by abdominal ultrasound; blood samples were analyzed for total, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting glucose, fasting insulin, and liver enzymes, namely aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine transaminase (ALT), and γ-glutamyltransferase (Gamma-GT); insulin resistance was determined by the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA-IR). Zinc exhibited a statistically significant negative association with the severity of the disease, while cesium showed a statistically significant positive association. Moreover, thallium and iron were inversely associated with insulin levels. Trace element determination in plasma could be useful for establishing relationships with NAFLD status of patients. Further research is required for the verification and interpretation of these findings. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
JAZF1, a relevant metabolic regulator in type 2 diabetes; Excessive adiposity and metabolic inflammation are the key risk factors of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Juxtaposed with another zinc finger gene 1 (JAZF1) has been identified as a novel transcriptional cofactor, with function of regulating glucose and lipid homeostasis and inflammation. JAZF1 is involved in metabolic process of T2DM via interaction with several nuclear receptors and protein kinases. Additionally, increasing evidence from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) has shown that JAZF1 polymorphisms are closely associated with T2DM. In this review, we have updated the latest research advances on JAZF1 and discussed its regulatory network in T2DM. The association between JAZF1 polymorphisms and T2DM is discussed as well. The information provided is of importance for guiding future studies as well as for the design of JAZF1-based T2DM therapy. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
High-fat diet in pregnant rats and adverse fetal outcome; Background: Although pregestational obesity has been associated with increased risk of adverse fetal outcome, the mechanisms behind are not known. We aimed to investigate the influence of the maternal metabolic state on fetal outcome in rats exposed to either a high-fat diet (HFD) or a control diet (CD). We also investigated the impact of serum collected from HFD/CD pregnant rats on CD embryonic development in whole-embryo cultures. Material and methods: On gestational day 0, 9, 10, or 20 maternal plasma/serum samples were collected as pregnancies were terminated for the estimations of maternal metabolic state and embryo-fetal development. We measured embryonic gene expression of ROS scavenger enzymes as well as genes involved in inflammation in maternal adipose tissue. Results: In HFD maternal plasma/serum, concentrations of glucose, β-hydroxybutyrate, branched-chain amino acids, and leptin were increased, whereas those of triacylglycerol, cholesterol, and palmitic, oleic, linoleic, and α-linolenic acids were decreased. Gene expression of CuZnSOD, IL-6, IL-10, and resistin was increased in HFD maternal adipose tissue, whereas that of CuZnSOD and MnSOD was decreased in HFD-exposed embryos. HFD caused retention of most fatty acids in the maternal liver as well. Conclusion: HFD alters the maternal metabolic state, increases fetal resorptions in vivo, and increases the rate of fetal/embryonic malformations both in vivo and in vitro. These findings suggest that metabolic disturbances in HFD pregnant rats have profound adverse developmental effects in the offspring. © 2019, © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Dietary glycemic index and load and the risk of type 2 diabetes: Assessment of causal relations; While dietary factors are important modifiable risk factors for type 2 diabetes (T2D), the causal role of carbohydrate quality in nutrition remains controversial. Dietary glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) have been examined in relation to the risk of T2D in multiple prospective cohort studies. Previous meta-analyses indicate significant relations but consideration of causality has been minimal. Here, the results of our recent meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies of 4 to 26-y follow-up are interpreted in the context of the nine Bradford-Hill criteria for causality, that is: (1) Strength of Association, (2) Consistency, (3) Specificity, (4) Temporality, (5) Biological Gradient, (6) Plausibility, (7) Experimental evidence, (8) Analogy, and (9) Coherence. These criteria necessitated referral to a body of literature wider than prospective cohort studies alone, especially in criteria 6 to 9. In this analysis, all nine of the Hill’s criteria were met for GI and GL indicating that we can be confident of a role for GI and GL as causal factors contributing to incident T2D. In addition, neither dietary fiber nor cereal fiber nor wholegrain were found to be reliable or effective surrogate measures of GI or GL. Finally, our cost–benefit analysis suggests food and nutrition advice favors lower GI or GL and would produce significant potential cost savings in national healthcare budgets. The high confidence in causal associations for incident T2D is sufficient to consider inclusion of GI and GL in food and nutrient-based recommendations. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Interplay between early-life malnutrition, epigenetic modulation of the immune function and liver diseases; Early-life nutrition plays a critical role in fetal growth and development. Food intake absence and excess are the two main types of energy malnutrition that predispose to the appearance of diseases in adulthood, according to the hypothesis of 'developmental origins of health and disease'. Epidemiological data have shown an association between early-life malnutrition and the metabolic syndrome in later life. Evidence has also demonstrated that nutrition during this period of life can affect the development of the immune system through epigenetic mechanisms. Thus, epigenetics has an essential role in the complex interplay between environmental factors and genetics. Altogether, this leads to the inflammatory response that is commonly seen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. In conjunction, DNA methylation, covalent modification of histones and the expression of non-coding RNA are the epigenetic phenomena that affect inflammatory processes in the context of NAFLD. Here, we highlight current understanding of the mechanisms underlying developmental programming of NAFLD linked to epigenetic modulation of the immune system and environmental factors, such as malnutrition. © The Authors 2019.
Role of resistin genetic variations in knee osteoarthritis pathogenesis, a cross sectional study; Osteoarthritis (OA) is a serious health concern globally and is recognized by degradation of articular cartilage, bone remodeling and synovial inflammation. Resistin is an adipokine that shown to be involved in inflammatory process associated with OA. Aim of the current study was to estimate the link of resistin gene polymorphisms (− 420 C>G, + 299 G>A) with genetic susceptibility of knee OA in a Pakistani population. 280 patients and 308 age and sex matched controls were recruited in this case-control study. Genotype and allele frequencies were evaluated by Polymerase chain reaction-Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism. Resistin concentration was measured by immunoassay. A significant difference in allele and genotype frequency was observed for both study groups. Resistin − 420 mutant genotype was associated with an increased susceptibility to OA (p = 0.001). Similarly, resistin + 299 GA + AA genotypes showed a relation with an elevated risk of knee OA compared to GG genotype (p = 0.01). Moreover, the mutant alleles frequency was significantly high in patient group as compared to healthy individuals for both loci (p < 0.01). Resistin − 420/+ 299 alleles haplotype analysis demonstrated that mutant alleles were more prevalent in OA affected individuals compared to healthy subjects (p < 0.05). The serum resistin levels were not remarkably different in patient vs. control group (p = 0.9). Further, the circulating resistin level was not found to be influenced by − 420G and + 299A alleles and non significant differences were observed in resistin concentration in mutant vs. wild type genotypes for both SNPs (p > 0.05). Our data suggest an association between investigated resistin genetic variants and knee OA susceptibility in our population. This is the first report to show association between investigated single nucleotide polymorphisms and OA among any population. © 2019, Springer Nature B.V.
Body composition and diabetes risk in South Asians: Findings from the Masala and MeSA studies; OBJECTIVE South Asians have a higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes compared with other race/ ethnic groups. Body composition is associated with the risk for type 2 diabetes. Differences in body composition between South Asians and other race/ethnic groups are one hypothesized mechanism to explain the disproportionate prevalence of type 2 diabetes in this population. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This study used data from the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) and the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) cohorts to determine whether body composition mediated the elevated prevalence of impaired fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes in South Asians. Participants (n = 2,615) with complete body composition data were included. Ordinal logistic regression models were calculated to determine the odds for glycemic impairment in South Asians compared with the MESA cohort. RESULTS In multivariate models, South Asians had a significantly higher prevalence of glycemic impairment and type 2 diabetes compared with all four race/ethnic groups included in the MESA (P < 0.001 for all). In unadjusted and multivariate adjusted models, South Asians had higher odds for impaired fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes compared with all other race/ethnic groups (P < 0.001 for all). The addition of body composition measures did not significantly mitigate this relationship. CONCLUSIONS We did not identify strong evidence that accounting for body composition explains differences in the risk for type 2 diabetes. Future prospective studies of the MESA and MASALA cohorts are needed to understand how adipose tissue impacts the risk for type 2 diabetes and how to best assess this risk. © 2019 by the American Diabetes Association.
C1q/TNF-related protein-3 and glucose homeostasis; Adipokines are cytokines produced by adipocytes that may mediate inflammatory processes, whilst adipocyte-derived proteins may have the converse effect. C1q/TNF-related protein-3 or CTRP3 is a novel adipokine that is expressed and released by most types of human tissues including adipose tissue. This adipokine, considered as an adiponectin, can normalize blood glucose by several mechanisms. In addition, it can modulate the expression/secretion of other cytokine and adipokines leading to lower insulin resistance in peripheral tissues. Beneficial effects of CTRP3 against hyperglycemia-induced complications in the kidney and eye have been reported. In this review, we have presented the latest findings on the in vitro and in vivo hypoglycemic effects of CTRP3, followed by the findings on the preventive/therapeutic effects of CTRP3 adipokines against diabetes related complications. © 2019 Diabetes India
Gut microbiota, host organism, and diet trialogue in diabetes and obesity; The gastrointestinal tract with its microbiota is a complex, open, and integrated ecosystem with a high environmental exposure. It is widely accepted that the healthy gut microbiotais essential for host homeostasis and immunostasis, harboring an enormous number and variety of microorganisms and genes tailored by hundreds of exogenous and intrinsic host factors. The occurrence of dysbiosis may contribute to host vulnerability and progression to a large spectrum of infectious and non-communicable diseases, including diabetes and obesity, two metabolic disorders that are showing an endemic trend nowadays. There is an urgent need to develop efficient strategies to prevent and treat metabolic disorders such as diabetes and obesity which are often associated with serious complications. In this paper, we give an overview on the implications of gut microbiota in diabesity, with a focus on the triangle gut microbiota—diet-host metabolism and on the way to manipulate the gut microbial ecosystem toward achieving novel diagnosis and predictive biomarkers with the final goal of reestablishing the healthy metabolic condition. The current research data regarding the precision/personalized nutrition suggest that dietary interventions, including administration of pre-, pro-, and syn-biotics, as well as antibiotic treatment should be individually tailored to prevent chronic diseases based on the genetic background, food and beverage consumption, nutrient intake, microbiome, metabolome, and other omic profiles. © 2019 Lazar, Ditu, Pircalabioru, Picu, Petcu, Cucu and Chifiriuc.
Maternal obesity leads to long-term altered levels of plasma ceramides in the offspring as revealed by a longitudinal lipidomic study in children; Background/objectives: Maternal obesity is associated with increased risk of obesity and other symptoms of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Nevertheless, the molecular mechanisms and cellular factors underlying this enhanced disease susceptibility remain to be determined. Here, we aimed at identifying changes in plasma lipids in offspring of obese mothers that might underpin, and serve as early biomarkers of, their enhanced metabolic disease risk. Subjects/methods: We performed a longitudinal lipidomic profiling in plasma samples from normal weight, overweight, and obese pregnant women and their children that participated in the Prenatal Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation, Growth, and Development trial conducted in Mexico. At recruitment women were aged between 18 and 35 years and in week 18–22 of pregnancy. Blood samples were collected at term delivery by venipuncture from mothers and from the umbilical cord of their newborns and from the same infants at 4 years old under non-fasting conditions. Lipidomic profiling was done using ultra-performance liquid chromatography high-resolution mass spectrometry. Results: Analysis of the lipidomic data showed that overweight and obese mothers exhibited a significant reduction in the total abundance of ceramides (Cer) in plasma, mainly of Cer (d18:1/20:0), Cer (d18:1/22:0), Cer (d18:1/23:0), and Cer (d18:1/24:0), compared with mothers of normal body weight. This reduction was confirmed by the direct quantification of these and other ceramide species. Similar quantitative differences in the plasma concentration of Cer (d18:1/22:0), Cer (d18:1/23:0), and Cer (d18:1/24:0), were also found between 4-year-old children of overweight and obese mothers compared with children of mothers of normal body weight. Noteworthy, children exhibited equal daily amounts of energy and food intake independently of the BMI of their mothers. Conclusions: Maternal obesity results in long-lasting changes in plasma ceramides in the offspring suggesting that these lipids might be used as early predictors of metabolic disease risk due to maternal obesity. © 2018, Springer Nature Limited.
Role of metabolic syndrome and its components as mediators of the genetic effect on type 2 diabetes: A family-based study in China; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) share a genetic basis with type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, whether MetS and its components mediate genetic susceptibility to T2D is not completely understood. Methods: We assessed the effects of MetS and its components on associations T2D and 18 genome-wide association studies-identified variants using a two-stage strategy based on parametric models involving 7110 Chinese participants (2436 were T2D patients) across 2885 families. Multilevel logistic regression was used to account for the intrafamilial correlation. Results: Metabolic syndrome significantly mediated the effect of a melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) polymorphism on T2D risk (OR of average causal mediation effect [ORACME] 1.004; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.001-1.008; P = 0.018). In addition, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels mediated the genetic effects of MTNR1B (ORACME 1.012; 95% CI 1.007-1.015; P < 0.001), solute carrier family 30 member 8 (SLC30A8; ORACME 1.001; 95% CI 1.000-1.007; P < 0.040), B-cell lymphoma/leukemia 11A (BCL11A; ORACME 1.009; 95% CI 1.007-1.016; P < 0.001), prospero homeobox 1 (PROX1; ORACME 1.005; 95% CI 1.003-1.011; P < 0.001) and a disintegrin and metallopeptidase with thrombospondin type 1 motif 9 (ADAMTS9; ORACME 1.006; 95% CI 1.001-1.009; P = 0.022), whereas increased fasting blood glucose (FBG) significantly mediated the genetic effect of BCL11A (ORACME 1.017; 95% CI 1.003-1.021; P = 0.012). Conclusions: This study provides evidence that MetS and two of its components (HDL-C, FBG) may be involved in mediating the genetic predisposition to T2D, which emphasize the importance of maintaining normal HDL-C and FBG levels. © 2018 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Diet-induced metabolic changes of the human gut microbiome: importance of short-chain fatty acids, methylamines and indoles; The human gut is a home for more than 100 trillion bacteria, far more than all other microbial populations resident on the body’s surface. The human gut microbiome is considered as a microbial organ symbiotically operating within the host. It is a collection of different cell lineages that are capable of communicating with each other and the host and has an ability to undergo self-replication for its repair and maintenance. As the gut microbiota is involved in many host processes including growth and development, an imbalance in its ecological composition may lead to disease and dysfunction in the human. Gut microbial degradation of nutrients produces bioactive metabolites that bind target receptors, activating signalling cascades, and modulating host metabolism. This review covers current findings on the nutritional and pharmacological roles of selective gut microbial metabolites, short-chain fatty acids, methylamines and indoles, as well as discussing nutritional interventions to modulate the microbiome. © 2019, The Author(s).
Genetic variants of resistin and its plasma levels: Association with obesity and dyslipidemia related to type 2 diabetes susceptibility; Resistin, an adipokine, is involved in obesity and Type 2 Diabetes (T2D). The current study evaluates the association between RETN polymorphisms (−638 G/A, −420C/G & −358 G/A) and the risk towards T2D. Controls and T2D patients were enrolled from Gujarat, India. Polymorphisms of RETN were genotyped by Polymerase Chain Reaction-Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism. For the genotype-phenotype correlation analysis Fasting Blood Glucose (FBG), Body Mass Index (BMI) and plasma lipid profile were used. Plasma levels of resistin were assayed by ELISA. Our study suggests an association of RETN −420C/G polymorphism with T2D risk. The CC genotype of RETN −420C/G polymorphism was found to be associated with FBG, BMI, and total cholesterol. Plasma resistin levels were found to be significantly increased in diabetic patients as compared to controls. Our findings suggest −420C/G polymorphism of RETN as an important factor which could pose a powerful risk towards T2D susceptibility. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Associations between fatty acid-binding protein 4–a proinflammatory adipokine and insulin resistance, gestational and type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; There is ample scientific evidence to suggest a link between the fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) and insulin resistance, gestational (GDM), and type 2 (T2DM) diabetes mellitus. This novel proinflammatory adipokine is engaged in the regulation of lipid metabolism at the cellular level. The molecule takes part in lipid oxidation, the regulation of transcription as well as the synthesis of membranes. An involvement of FABP4 in the pathogenesis of obesity and insulin resistance seems to be mediated via FABP4-dependent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) inhibition. A considerable number of studies have shown that plasma concentrations of FABP4 is increased in obesity and T2DM, and that circulating FABP4 levels are correlated with certain clinical parameters, such as body mass index, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Since plasma-circulating FABP4 has the potential to modulate the function of several types of cells, it appears to be of extreme interest to try to develop potential therapeutic strategies targeting the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases in this respect. In this manuscript, representing a detailed review of the literature on FABP4 and the abovementioned metabolic disorders, various mechanisms of the interaction of FABP4 with insulin signaling pathways are thoroughly discussed. Clinical aspects of insulin resistance in diabetic patients, including women diagnosed with GDM, are analyzed as well. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The novel adipokine CTRP5 is a negative regulator of white adipose tissue browning; The browning of white adipose tissue predominantly emerges as an adaptation to environmental cues, such as cold exposure. The enhanced browning of adipose tissue results in improved energy and glucose homeostasis and reduced fat mass and body weight, which is greatly beneficial for the treatment of obesity and other metabolic diseases. C1q/TNF-related protein 5 (CTRP5) is a novel adipokine associated with a variety of endocrine and metabolic diseases; however, whether it can regulate the metabolism of adipose tissue itself remains unknown. In this study, we demonstrated that the expression of CTRP5 in murine subcutaneous white adipose tissue (scWAT) was significantly decreased when the mice were exposed to cold temperatures. The lentivirus-mediated overexpression of CTRP5 in mice repressed the adipose tissue browning, leading to reduced heat production, decreased expression of the browning marker uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) and decreased browning-related gene expression. Mechanistically, we found that autophagy was inhibited after cold exposure, but this inhibition was alleviated after CTRP5 overexpression. In primary cultured adipocytes, CTRP5 suppressed UCP1 expression, whereas 3-MA (an autophagy inhibitor) rescued the suppression. All of these results demonstrated that CTRP5 is a negative regulator of adipose browning. CTRP5 exerts its effect, at least in part, by suppressing adipocyte autophagy. Our findings indicated that CTRP5 is a novel promising therapeutic target for obesity and other metabolic diseases. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Oxidative Stress Impairs Fatty Acid Oxidation and Mitochondrial Function in the Term Placenta; Placental fatty acid oxidation (FAO) is impaired and lipid storage is increased in pregnancy states associated with chronic oxidative stress. The effect of acute oxidative stress, as seen in pregnancies complicated with asthma, on placental lipid metabolism is unknown. We hypothesized that induction of acute oxidative stress would decrease FAO and increase esterification. We assessed [3H]-palmitate oxidation and esterification in term placental explants from lean women after exposure to hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) for 4 hours. Fatty acid oxidation decreased 16% and 24% in placental explants exposed to 200 (P =.02) and 400 µM H2O2 (P =.01), respectively. Esterification was not altered with H2O2 exposure. Neither messenger RNA nor protein expression of key genes involved in FAO (eg, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α, carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1b) were altered. Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) levels decreased with induction of oxidative stress, without increasing cytotoxicity. Acute oxidative stress decreased FAO and ATP production in the term placenta without altering fatty acid esterification. As decreases in placental FAO and ATP production are associated with impaired fetal growth, pregnancies exposed to acute oxidative stress may be at risk for fetal growth restriction. © The Author(s) 2018.
Western diet consumption through early life induces microvesicular hepatic steatosis in association with an altered metabolome in low birth weight Guinea pigs; Uteroplacental insufficiency-induced low birth weight (LBW) and postnatal high saturated fat/high sucrose-fructose diet (Western Diet, WD) consumption have been independently associated with the development of hepatic steatosis, while their additive effect on fatty acid, acylcarnitine and amino acid profiles in early adulthood have not been widely reported. We employed LBW, generated via uterine artery ablation, and normal birth weight (NBW) male guinea pigs fed either a WD or control diet (CD) from weaning to postnatal day 150 (early adulthood). Hepatic steatosis was absent in CD-fed offspring, while NBW/WD offspring displayed macrovesicular steatosis and LBW/WD offspring exhibited microvesicular steatosis, both occurring in a lean phenotype. Life-long consumption of the WD, irrespective of birth weight, was associated with an increase in hepatic medium- and long-chain saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, acylcarnitines, reduced oxidative phosphorylation complex III activity and polyunsaturated fatty acids, and molecular evidence of disrupted hepatic insulin signaling. In NBW/WD, hepatic C15:1 and C16:1n-6 fatty acids in phospholipids, C16, C18 and C18:1 acylcarnitines, concentrations of aspartate, phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan and expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 alpha (CPT1α) and uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) genes were elevated compared to LBW/WD livers. Our results suggest that LBW and life-long WD combined are influential in promoting hepatic microvesicular steatosis in conjunction with a specific mitochondrial gene expression and metabolomic profile in early adulthood. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Dietary pattern associated with selenoprotein P and MRI-derived body fat volumes, liver signal intensity, and metabolic disorders; Purpose: The association of complex dietary patterns with circulating selenoprotein P (SELENOP) levels in humans is unknown. In a general population sample, we aimed to identify a dietary pattern explaining inter-individual variation in circulating SELENOP concentrations and to study this pattern in relation to prevalent diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), MRI-determined total volumes of visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous (SAT) abdominal adipose tissue, and liver signal intensity/fatty liver disease. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, serum SELENOP levels were measured in 853 individuals. In a subsample of 553 participants, whole-body MRI was performed to assess body fat distribution and liver fat. Dietary intake was assessed by a self-administered food frequency questionnaire and the dietary pattern identified using reduced-rank regression (RRR). Multivariable linear and logistic regressions were used to investigate associations between dietary pattern score and metabolic traits. Results: Characterized by high intake of fruit, vegetables and antioxidant beverages, the RRR-derived dietary pattern displayed inverse associations with VAT, SAT, MetS, and prevalent diabetes in multivariable-adjusted restricted cubic splines. Each unit increase in dietary pattern score was associated with 31% higher SELENOP levels, 12% lower VAT (95% CI: − 19%; − 5%), 13% (95% CI: − 20%; − 6%) lower SAT values and 46% (95% CI: 27%; 60%) and 53% (95% CI: 22%; 72%) lower odds of having MetS or diabetes, respectively. No meaningful relations were observed between the dietary pattern and liver traits. Conclusions: Our observations propose diet-related regulation in SELENOP levels and that the identified dietary pattern is inversely related to VAT, SAT, MetS, and prevalent diabetes. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The Liver as an Endocrine Organ - Linking NAFLD and Insulin Resistance; The liver is a dynamic organ that plays critical roles in many physiological processes, including the regulation of systemic glucose and lipid metabolism. Dysfunctional hepatic lipid metabolism is a cause of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic liver disorder worldwide, and is closely associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Through the use of advanced mass spectrometry "omics" approaches and detailed experimentation in cells, mice, and humans, we now understand that the liver secretes a wide array of proteins, metabolites, and noncoding RNAs (miRNAs) and that many of these secreted factors exert powerful effects on metabolic processes both in the liver and in peripheral tissues. In this review, we summarize the rapidly evolving field of "hepatokine" biology with a particular focus on delineating previously unappreciated communication between the liver and other tissues in the body. We describe the NAFLD-induced changes in secretion of liver proteins, lipids, other metabolites, and miRNAs, and how these molecules alter metabolism in liver, muscle, adipose tissue, and pancreas to induce insulin resistance. We also synthesize the limited information that indicates that extracellular vesicles, and in particular exosomes, may be an important mechanism for intertissue communication in normal physiology and in promoting metabolic dysregulation in NAFLD. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Fucoidan from Acaudina molpadioides improves insulin resistance by altering gut microbiota dysfunction; This study evaluated the effects of fucoidan from Acaudina molpadioides (Am-FUC) on modulation of the gut microbiota and improvement in insulin resistance in mice. Results showed that Am-FUC greatly alleviated insulin resistance and modified gut microbiota, involving Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes phylum. Am-FUC reducted serum and fecal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) concentrations and inhibited transcription of toll-like receptor 4 pathway. Meanwhile, fecal SCFAs were increases in Am-FUC-treated mice, which probably contributed to increases in G-protein-coupled receptor 43 protein and the activation of adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase signaling. Strikingly, microbiota transplantation experiments exhibited that insulin resistance was significantly mitigated in high fat diet-fed recipient of Am-FUC microbiota. These suggest that Am-FUC improves insulin resistance by altering gut microbiota. Thus, it sought to indicate that fucoidan can be developed as food supplement for the improvement of insulin resistance and the human gut health. © 2019
Relationship of MTNR1B DNA methylation with gestational diabetes and gestational glucose and lipid metabolism features; Objective: To explore the relationship of MTNR1B DNA methylation with gestational diabetes and gestational glucose and lipid metabolism features.Methods: 50 patients with gestational hyperglycemia, diagnosed by 100 g oral glucose tolerance test(OGTT) during mid-trimester were selected between 2009 and 2012. 50 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance of matched age and body mass index were included in the control group. The blood samples during mid-trimester and the clinical parameters were collected. MTNR1B DNA methylation levels were measured.Results: After adjusting age and body mass index, the CpG locus located at + 64 bp away from the translation initiation site of MTNR1B was related with gestational diabetes (OR=0.859, 95% CI: 0.772-0.955, P=0.005). DNA methylation level of several MTNR1B loci was also related with gestational glucose and lipid metabolism features.Conclusion: MTNR1B DNA methylation is related with gestational diabetes and gestational glucose and lipid metabolism. Copyright © 2019 by the Chinese Medical Association.
Towards a circulating marker of hepato-visceral fat excess: S100A4 in adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome — Evidence from randomized clinical trials;                              S100A4 is a marker of subcutaneous adipose tissue dysfunction. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is often driven by hepato-visceral adiposity. PCOS phenotypes are normalized more by reduction of central fat with spironolactone/pioglitazone/metformin (SPIOMET) than by oral contraceptive (OC) treatment. We studied whether circulating S100A4 concentrations are high in adolescents with PCOS and, if so, whether they normalize more with OC or SPIOMET. Assessments included circulating S100A4, endocrine markers, body composition, abdominal fat partitioning in controls (n = 12) and girls with PCOS (n = 51; age 15.8 y; body mass index [BMI] 24.5 kg/m                             2                             ), and 1-year changes in girls with PCOS randomized for OC (n = 27) or SPIOMET (n = 24) treatment. Mean S100A4 concentrations were 71% higher (P < 0.001) in girls with PCOS than in controls and associated with hepato-visceral adiposity (r = 0.47; P = 0.001); S100A4 concentrations decreased more (P < 0.01) with SPIOMET, those decreases associating to hepato-visceral fat loss (r = 0.50; P < 0.0001). S100A4 may become a circulating marker of hepato-visceral fat excess in adolescents with PCOS.                          © 2019 World Obesity Federation
The direct effect of lobeglitazone, a new thiazolidinedione, on pancreatic beta cells: A comparison with other thiazolidinediones; Aims: The direct effects of thiazolidinediones (TZDs)on pancreatic beta cells have been controversial. The aim of this study was to find out whether a novel TZD, lobeglitazone, has beneficial effects on pancreatic beta cells and db/db mice compared to those of other TZDs. Methods: INS-1 cells were incubated at a high-glucose concentration with various concentrations of troglitazone, rosiglitazone, pioglitazone, and lobeglitazone. Apoptosis and proliferation of beta cells, markers for ER stress and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS)were assessed. In addition, C57BL/6 db/db mice were treated with pioglitazone or lobeglitazone for 4 weeks, and metabolic parameters and the configuration of pancreatic islets were also examined. Results: Lobeglitazone and other TZDs decreased INS-1 cell apoptosis in high-glucose conditions. Lobeglitazone and other TZDs significantly decreased hyperglycemia-induced increases in ER stress markers and increased GSIS. Metabolic parameters showed greater improvement in db/db mice treated with pioglitazone and lobeglitazone than in control mice. Islet size, cell proliferation, and beta cell mass were increased, and collagen surrounding the islets was decreased in treated mice. Conclusions: Lobeglitazone showed beneficial effects on beta cell survival and function against hyperglycemia. The prosurvival and profunction effects of lobeglitazone were comparable to those of other TZDs. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
The Association of Maternal Protein Intake during Pregnancy in Humans with Maternal and Offspring Insulin Sensitivity Measures; The purpose of this review is to critically evaluate the studies assessing the relations between protein intake during human pregnancy and insulin sensitivity measures in the mother and offspring, and to get a better understanding of the knowledge gaps that still exist. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to conclude about implications of higher amounts of protein intake during pregnancy on maternal or offspring insulin sensitivity. However, studies show a relation between protein quality and insulin sensitivity, such that animal protein may be associated with negative outcomes and plant protein may be associated with positive insulin sensitivity outcomes. There is an urgent need for standardized studies using comparable terminology to evaluate any potential relations between insulin sensitivity in mothers and offspring and truly low and high maternal protein intake while maintaining eucaloric balance to better inform about optimal protein dosage and quality during this period. © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Metabolomics toward personalized medicine; Metabolomics, which is the metabolites profiling in biological matrices, is a key tool for biomarker discovery and personalized medicine and has great potential to elucidate the ultimate product of the genomic processes. Over the last decade, metabolomics studies have identified several relevant biomarkers involved in complex clinical phenotypes using diverse biological systems. Most diseases result in signature metabolic profiles that reflect the sums of external and internal cellular activities. Metabolomics has a major role in clinical practice as it represents >95% of the workload in clinical laboratories worldwide. Many of these metabolites require different analytical platforms, such as Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR), Mass Spectrometry (MS), and Ultra Performance Liquid Chromatography (UPLC), while many clinically relevant metabolites are still not routinely amenable to detection using currently available assays. Combining metabolomics with genomics, transcriptomics, and proteomics studies will result in a significantly improved understanding of the disease mechanisms and the pathophysiology of the target clinical phenotype. This comprehensive approach will represent a major step forward toward providing precision medical care, in which individual is accounted for variability in genes, environment, and personal lifestyle. In this review, we compare and evaluate the metabolomics strategies and studies that focus on the discovery of biomarkers that have “personalized” diagnostic, prognostic, and therapeutic value, validated for monitoring disease progression and responses to various management regimens. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Hepatic miR‑215 target Rictor and modulation of hepatic insulin signalling in rats; Increasing evidence has suggested that hepatic lipid accumulation is associated with hepatic insulin resistance; however, the underlying mechanism is yet to be determined. It was demonstrated that the levels of microRNA-215 (miR-215) expression in the liver of rats fed a high-fat diet were significantly increased compared with rats on a control diet. Additionally, it was revealed via luciferase assays and western blotting that miR-215 targets rapamycin-insensitive companion of mammalian target of rapamycin (Rictor), an important protein in the hepatic insulin signalling pathway. Following overexpression of miR-215 in the H4IIE rat hepatocarcinoma cell line, it was reported that the intracellular insulin signalling pathway was inhibited; conversely, inhibition of miR-215 expression induced this pathway. Furthermore, it was demonstrated via reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis that free fatty acids promoted the expression of miR-215. The present study provided a novel mechanistic insight into the association between nonalcoholic fatty liver and hepatic insulin resistance. © 2019 Spandidos Publications. All Rights Reserved.
Interventions to prevent women developing gestational diabetes mellitus: an overview of cochrane reviews; This is a protocol for a Cochrane Review (Overview). The objectives are as follows: To summarise the evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews regarding the effects of interventions to prevent women developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). © 2019 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Levels of circulating insulin cell-free DNA in women with polycystic ovary syndrome - a longitudinal cohort study; Background: Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) present a heterogeneous reproductive and metabolic profile with an increased lifetime risk of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D). Early biomarkers of these metabolic disturbances in PCOS women have not been identified. The abundance of circulating insulin gene promotor cell-free DNA (INS cfDNA) was shown to be valuable as a predictive biomarker of β-cell death in individuals with Type 1 diabetes (T1D) as well as with gestational diabetes. Since β-cell death is common to the development of T1D as well as in T2D, we aimed to investigate if insulin-coding DNA is more abundant in circulation of PCOS women (vs Controls) and if their levels change after 6 yr. follow-up as a potential measure to predict future T2D. Methods: A cohort of 40 women diagnosed with PCOS according to Rotterdam 2003 criteria and eight healthy controls were examined at baseline and 6 years follow-up. Clinical measurements for evaluation of glucose homeostasis as well as blood/serum samples were obtained at each visit. Methylated and unmethylated INS cfDNA were quantified using droplet digital PCR. Differences between groups were assessed using Kruskall-Wallis test and Wilcoxon Signed rank test. Results: At baseline, there was no detectable difference in copy number (copies/μL) of methylated (p = 0.74) or unmethylated INS cfDNA (p = 0.34) between PCOS and Control groups. At follow up, neither methylated (p = 0.50) nor unmethylated INScfDNA levels (p = 0.48) differed significantly between these groups. Likewise, when pooling the groups, there was no difference between baseline and follow up, in terms of copies of methylated or unmethylated INS cfDNA (p = 0.38 and p = 0.52, respectively). There were no significant correlations between counts of unmethylated or methylated cfDNA and the clinical measurements of β-cell function and pre-diabetes. Conclusion: The circulating level of unmethylated and methylated INScfDNA is similar between PCOS and Controls and cannot be used to predict islet β-cell loss and progression to Type 2 diabetes in a 6-year follow-up. © 2019 The Author(s).
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and development of insulin resistance in adipose, skeletal, liver, and foetoplacental tissue in diabesity; Diabesity is an abnormal metabolic condition shown by patients with obesity that develop type 2 diabetes mellitus. Patients with diabesity present with insulin resistance, reduced vascular response to insulin, and vascular endothelial dysfunction. Along with the several well-described mechanisms of insulin resistance, a state of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, where the primary human targets are the adipose tissue, liver, skeletal muscle, and the foetoplacental vasculature, is apparent. ER stress characterises by the activation of the unfolded protein response via three canonical ER stress sensors, i.e., the protein kinase RNA-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK), inositol-requiring enzyme 1α (IRE1α), and activating transcription factor 6. Slightly different cell signalling mechanisms preferentially enable in diabesity in the ER stress-associated insulin resistance for adipose tissue (IRE1α/X-box binding protein 1 mRNA splicing/c-jun N-terminal kinase 1 activation), skeletal muscle (tribbles-like protein 3 (TRB3)/proinflammatory cytokines activation), and liver (PERK/activating transcription factor 4/TRB3 activation). There is no information in human subjects with diabesity in the foetoplacental vasculature. However, the available literature shows that pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or overweight that develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their newborn show insulin resistance. ER stress is recently reported to be triggered in endothelial cells from the human umbilical vein from mothers with pre-pregnancy obesity. However, whether a different metabolic alteration to obesity in pregnancy or GDM is present in women with pre-pregnancy obesity that develop GDM, is unknown. In this review, we summarised the findings on diabesity-associated mechanisms of insulin resistance with emphasis in the primary targets adipose, skeletal muscle, liver, and foetoplacental tissues. We also give evidence on the possibility of a new GDM-associated metabolic condition triggered in pregnancy by maternal obesity, i.e. gestational diabesity, leading to ER stress-associated insulin resistance in the human foetoplacental vasculature. © 2018
Impact of GPR1 signaling on maternal high-fat feeding and placenta metabolism in mice; Chemerin and G protein-coupled receptor 1 (GPR1) are increased in serum and placenta in mice during pregnancy. Interestingly, we observed increased serum chemerin levels and decreased GPR1 expression in placenta of high-fat-diet-fed mice compared with chow-fed mice at gestational day 18. GPR1 protein and gene levels were significantly decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patient placentas. Therefore, we hypothesized that chemerin/GPR1 signaling might participate in the pathogenic mechanism of GDM. We investigated the role of GPR1 in carbohydrate homeostasis during pregnancy using pregnant mice transfected with small interfering RNA for GPR1 or a negative control. GPR1 knockdown exacerbated glucose intolerance, disrupted lipid metabolism, and decreased β-cell proliferation and insulin levels. Glucose transport protein-3 and fatty acid binding protein-4 were downregulated with reducing GPR1 in vivo and in vitro via phos-phorylated AKT pathway. Taken together, our findings first demonstrate the expression of GPR1, the characterization of its direct biological effects in humans and mice, as well as the molecular mechanism that indicates the role of GPR1 signaling in maternal metabolism during pregnancy, suggesting a novel feedback mechanism to regulate glucose balance during pregnancy, and GPR1 could be a potential target for the detection and therapy of GDM. © 2019 the American Physiological Society.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Impact of Lipotoxicity on Metabolic and Reproductive Health; Importance Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy of reproductive-aged women. Women with PCOS are at increased risk of developing several metabolic and reproductive abnormalities, including metabolic syndrome. Underlying the combined metabolic and reproductive dysfunction is lipotoxicity, defined as the ectopic deposition of lipid in nonadipose tissue where it induces oxidative stress linked with insulin resistance and inflammation. Objective To examine what metabolic components underlie insulin resistance in PCOS, how lipotoxicity through insulin resistance impairs metabolism and reproduction in these women, and why evidence-based, individualized management is essential for their care. Evidence Acquisition PubMed search was performed using relevant terms to identify journal articles related to the subject. Relevant textbook chapters were also used. Results Polycystic ovary syndrome by Rotterdam criteria represents a complex syndrome of heterogeneous expression with variable adverse metabolic and reproductive implications. Women with classic PCOS are often insulin resistant and at greatest risk of developing metabolic syndrome with preferential fat accumulation and weight gain. Moreover, PCOS women may also have an altered capacity to properly store fat, causing ectopic lipid accumulation in nonadipose tissue, including the ovaries, where it can perpetuate insulin resistance and inflammation and harm the oocyte. Conclusions and Relevance A personalized approach to managing PCOS is essential to improve the health of all PCOS women through cost-effective prevention and/or treatment, to minimize the risk of pregnancy complications in those individuals wishing to conceive, and to optimize the long-term health of PCOS women and their offspring. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives After completing this activity, the learner should be better able to explain the phenotypic variants of PCOS; describe how obesity, preferential abdominal fat accumulation, and lipotoxicity adversely affect the health of PCOS women; and propose a preconception management plan for overweight and obese PCOS women wishing to conceive. © 2019 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
The discovery of novel predictive biomarkers and early-stage pathophysiology for the transition from gestational diabetes to type 2 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects up to 20% of pregnancies, and almost half of the women affected progress to type 2 diabetes later in life, making GDM the most significant risk factor for the development of future type 2 diabetes. An accurate prediction of future type 2 diabetes risk in the early postpartum period after GDM would allow for timely interventions to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes. In addition, new targets for interventions may be revealed by understanding the underlying pathophysiology of the transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to identify both a predictive signature and early-stage pathophysiology of the transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. Methods: We used a well-characterised prospective cohort of women with a history of GDM pregnancy, all of whom were enrolled at 6–9 weeks postpartum (baseline), were confirmed not to have diabetes via 2 h 75 g OGTT and tested anually for type 2 diabetes on an ongoing basis (2 years of follow-up). A large-scale targeted lipidomic study was implemented to analyse ~1100 lipid metabolites in baseline plasma samples using a nested pair-matched case–control design, with 55 incident cases matched to 85 non-case control participants. The relationships between the concentrations of baseline plasma lipids and respective follow-up status (either type 2 diabetes or no type 2 diabetes) were employed to discover both a predictive signature and the underlying pathophysiology of the transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. In addition, the underlying pathophysiology was examined in vivo and in vitro. Results: Machine learning optimisation in a decision tree format revealed a seven-lipid metabolite type 2 diabetes predictive signature with a discriminating power (AUC) of 0.92 (87% sensitivity, 93% specificity and 91% accuracy). The signature was highly robust as it includes 45-fold cross-validation under a high confidence threshold (1.0) and binary output, which together minimise the chance of data overfitting and bias selection. Concurrent analysis of differentially expressed lipid metabolite pathways uncovered the upregulation of α-linolenic/linoleic acid metabolism (false discovery rate [FDR] 0.002) and fatty acid biosynthesis (FDR 0.005) and the downregulation of sphingolipid metabolism (FDR 0.009) as being strongly associated with the risk of developing future type 2 diabetes. Focusing specifically on sphingolipids, the downregulation of sphingolipid metabolism using the pharmacological inhibitors fumonisin B1 (FB1) and myriocin in mouse islets and Min6 K8 cells (a pancreatic beta-cell like cell line) significantly impaired glucose-stimulated insulin secretion but had no significant impact on whole-body glucose homeostasis or insulin sensitivity. Conclusions/interpretation: We reveal a novel predictive signature and associate reduced sphingolipids with the pathophysiology of transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. Attenuating sphingolipid metabolism in islets impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Dietary patterns, dietary intakes and the risk of type 2 diabetes: results from the Hefei Nutrition and Health Study; A total of 1776 Chinese adults, aged 40–60 years, had been recruited to participate in the Hefei Nutrition and Health Study started in 2012. Three major dietary patterns were identified, “High-salt and high-fat”, “Traditional Chinese” and “Western” dietary patterns. After adjusting for potential confounders, there is no significant difference in the effect of different dietary pattern quintiles on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, compared with lowest quintile intakes, the adjusted odds ratio of T2D for highest quintile intakes of bread and noodle, rice noodle and coarse grain were 2.45 (95% CI: 1.17, 5.12), 0.34 (95% CI: 0.17, 0.92), 0.27 (95% CI: 0.14, 0.51), with corresponding p trend being.002,.375,.003, respectively. Our study suggests that high intakes of bread and noodle are significantly associated with increased risk of T2D, while high intakes of rice noodle and coarse grain are remarkably correlated with decreased risk of T2D. © 2018, © 2018 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Gut microbiota characterization and lipid metabolism disorder found in PCB77-treated female mice; Although the production of polychlorinated biphenyl 77 (PCB77) has already been banned globally, PCB77 is still used for a wide range of commercial purposes. Previous evidence has demonstrated that the PCB77 administration should be responsible for the gut microbiota variations and the host health risk. However, the host disorders and bacterial functions involved in PCB77 exposure remain largely unknown. Few studies have been performed to illuminate the correlation between the bacterial functions and disorders. Furthermore, it is urgently needed to find specific strains as potential biomarkers to monitor PCB77 pollution and associated disorders. This study was designed to investigate the effects of PCB77 on gut microbiota and induced disorders in female mice. Obtained results indicated that PCB77 exposure induced gut microbiota dysbiosis, obesity, hyperlipidemia, hepatic lipid accumulation, and liver injury in mice. Functional prediction based on the phylogenetic investigation of communities by reconstruction of unobserved states (PICRUSt) algorithm showed that exposure to PCB77 weakened the bacterial functions relating to lipid and energy metabolism, and immune system disease. Experimental findings were consistent with the result of the PICRUSt functional prediction. Importantly, three PCB77-associated bacterial taxa were screened out as potential biomarkers for the assessment of PCB77 pollution. This study provides previously unknown knowledge linking PCB77 administration, gut microbiota functional profile and lipid abnormalities, which is of important clinical significance for therapies treating PCB77-associated diseases. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Prenatal epigenetics diets play protective roles against environmental pollution; It is thought that germ cells and preimplantation embryos during development are most susceptible to endogenous and exogenous environmental factors because the epigenome in those cells is undergoing dramatic elimination and reconstruction. Exposure to environmental factors such as nutrition, climate, stress, pathogens, toxins, and even social behavior during gametogenesis and early embryogenesis has been shown to influence disease susceptibility in the offspring. Early-life epigenetic modifications, which determine the expression of genetic information stored in the genome, are viewed as one of the general mechanisms linking prenatal exposure and phenotypic changes later in life. From atmospheric pollution, endocrine-disrupting chemicals to heavy metals, research increasingly suggests that environmental pollutions have already produced significant consequences on human health. Moreover, mounting evidence now links such pollution to relevant modification in the epigenome. The epigenetics diet, referring to a class of bioactive dietary compounds such as isothiocyanates in broccoli, genistein in soybean, resveratrol in grape, epigallocatechin-3-gallate in green tea, and ascorbic acid in fruits, has been shown to modify the epigenome leading to beneficial health outcomes. This review will primarily focus on the causes and consequences of prenatal environment pollution exposure on the epigenome, and the potential protective role of the epigenetics diet, which could play a central role in neutralizing epigenomic aberrations against environmental pollutions. © 2019 The Author(s).
Diabetes mellitus; The incidence of diabetes varies strikingly by geographical regions and is rising by 2-4 percent each year. Although there are many forms of diabetes in childhood and adolescence, type 1 diabetes remains the commonest form. The significant acute complications of type 1 diabetes still occur commonly despite numerous changes in therapy. The association, however, between a lower glycosylated haemoglobin and increased rates of severe hypoglycaemia appears to be no longer present. There are a variety of insulin regimens that are all effective in the treatment of type 1 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents is largely limited to at risk ethnic groups and, despite the obesity epidemic in children, remains less common than other forms of diabetes in most ethnically mixed populations. There are numerous forms of monogenic diabetes and although uncommon, these should be suspected in individuals who do not have markers of autoimmunity and have a family history or early-onset diabetes. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Risk factors of obstetric admissions to the intensive care unit; The aim of this study was to identify risk factors among obstetric patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). The study was conducted in Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University during January 1, 2009 and December 31, 2016. A total of 44,817 pregnant women ≥20 weeks of gestational age were scanned. Demographic characteristics, perinatal outcomes, and risk factors among participants were analyzed. A number of factors (21) were more prevalent in the ICU admission group. The greatest for admission to the ICU occurred with amniotic fluid embolism, heart disease, acute fatty liver, and referral for care. The incidence of postpartum hemorrhage, hysterectomy, organ failure, and method of delivery differed significantly between groups (P<.05). Adverse neonatal outcome differed significantly between groups (P<.05). Complications of pregnancy are risk factors for referral to the ICU and may increase risk for unexpected outcomes among mothers and neonates.  Copyright © 2019 the Author(s).
Inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase-4 by L-glutamine protects pregnant rats against fructose-induced obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation; Objective: Accumulation of lipids in non-adipose tissues particularly the liver is a feature of tissue insulin resistance. Hepatic glycogen depletion reflects counter glucoregulation in an insulin-resistant state and/or obesity. The effect of L-glutamine on fructose-induced increased hepatic lipid accumulation and depleted glycogen content, particularly in pregnancy, is not known. We therefore aimed at investigating the effect of glutamine on fructose-induced weight gain, hepatic lipids and glycogen contents in pregnant rats and also tested the hypothesis that hepatoprotective role of L-glutamine is through suppression of PDK-4. Methods: Eleven-week-old pregnant Wistar rats were allotted into the Control, Glutamine, Fructose and Fructose plus Glutamine groups (6 rats/group). The groups received distilled water (vehicle, p.o.), 1 g/kg bw L-glutamine (p.o.), 10% Fructose (w/v) and 10% Fructose (w/v) plus 1 g/kg bw L-glutamine (p.o.) respectively, daily for 19 days. Biochemical analysis and histology of the liver were performed. Results: Data showed that fructose intake caused insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, increased body weight gain, visceral fat mass, hepatic mass, lactate production, uric acid production, lipid peroxidation and decreased pancreatic β-cell function and hepatic glycogen synthesis. These alterations were accompanied by elevated pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase-4 (PDK-4). However, the fructose-induced dysmetabolism were improved by L-glutamine. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation induced by fructose in pregnant rats is accompanied by increased PDK-4. The findings also suggest that L-glutamine would protect against obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation by suppression of PDK-4. © 2018 The Authors
Function, detection and alteration of acylcarnitine metabolism in hepatocellular carcinoma; Acylcarnitines play an essential role in regulating the balance of intracellular sugar and lipid metabolism. They serve as carriers to transport activated long-chain fatty acids into mitochondria for β-oxidation as a major source of energy for cell activities. The liver is the most important organ for endogenous carnitine synthesis and metabolism. Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), a primary malignancy of the live with poor prognosis, may strongly influence the level of acylcarnitines. In this paper, the function, detection and alteration of acylcarnitine metabolism in HCC were briefly reviewed. An overview was provided to introduce the metabolic roles of acylcarnitines involved in fatty acid β-oxidation. Then different analytical platforms and methodologies were also briefly summarised. The relationship between HCC and acylcarnitine metabolism was described. Many of the studies reported that short, medium and long-chain acylcarnitines were altered in HCC patients. These findings presented current evidence in support of acylcarnitines as new candidate biomarkers for studies on the pathogenesis and development of HCC. Finally we discussed the challenges and perspectives of exploiting acylcarnitine metabolism and its related metabolic pathways as a target for HCC diagnosis and prognosis. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Pathoepigenetics: The Role of Epigenetic Biomarkers in Disease Pathogenesis; Pathoepigenetics refers to the role that alterations in the epigenetic machinery exert on human disease. Over 80% of complex disorders (cardiovascular, cerebral, metabolic, inflammatory, neoplastic) result from the interaction of genomic, epigenetic, and environmental factors, which induce a cascade of pathogenic events leading to a particular phenotype. Epigenetic aberrations involving DNA methylation, chromatin remodeling, histone posttranslational modifications and miRNA regulation contribute to the development of pathogenic phenotypes. Mutations in genes encoding elements of the epigenetic network cause epigenetic Mendelian disorders; primary epigenetic changes may be pathogenic, and secondary epigenetic changes may be the consequence of exogenous events and collateral marks of the disease. For the past few years, multiple epigenetic signatures have been associated with cancer, cardiovascular disorders, metabolic disorders, brain disorders, and diverse human pathologies. In the near future these epigenetic biomarkers will be incorporated in medical practice for optimizing predictive (presymptomatic) diagnosis, precision (symptomatic) diagnosis, drug effect (efficacy and safety) monitoring, and personalized treatment (pharmacoepigenetics). © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Food advanced glycation end products as potential endocrine disruptors: An emerging threat to contemporary and future generation; Mankind exposure to chemicals in the past century has increased dramatically throughout environment. There is no question that chemicals interfere with the physiology of biological system. Abundance of chemicals is documented to be detrimental to human and wildlife. The mammalian endocrine system is comprised of many interacting tissues mediate themselves through hormones that are essential for metabolism, growth and development. Humans secrete over fifty different hormones to orchestrate major physiological functions however; these vital functions can be intervened by huge number of internal and external chemical stressors that are identified as endocrine disruptors. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), familiarly known as Maillard products, formed through non-enzymatic glycation whose production is augmented on aging as well as environmental stressors. Processed foods have become very popular today due to their taste, convenience, and inexpensiveness. Manufacture of these day-to-day foods involves extreme temperatures on processing results in the formation of AGEs could independently promote oxidative stress, aging, diabetes, cancer, degenerative diseases, more fascinatingly hormonal disruption is the subject of interest of this review. Based on some substantial observations documented till time, we discuss the emergence of dietary AGEs as potential endocrine disruptors by emphasizing their occurrence, mechanisms and participation in endocrine interruption. Both economically and in terms of human life, AGEs may represent an enormous cost for the future society. Therefore, by explicating their novel role in endocrine diseases, the review strives to make an impact on AGEs and their exposure among public as well as scientific communities. © 2018 The Authors
Tea, Coffee and Health Benefits; A number of epidemiological studies and clinical trials have reported the beneficial effects of both green tea and coffee on human health, including anticancer, anti-obesity, antidiabetic, antihypertensive, and hepatoprotective effects. Furthermore, these findings in humans are supported by cell-based and animal experiments. These effects have been attributed to epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) in green tea and chlorogenic acid (CGA) in coffee, which have been proposed to function via various mechanisms of action, the most important of which appears to implicate reactive oxygen species (ROS). Both EGCG and CGA can exert conflicting dual actions as an antioxidant and a prooxidant. Their antioxidative action can scavenge ROS, leading to downregulation of nuclear factor-κB to produce various favorable effects such as anti-inflammatory effects and cancer cell apoptosis. The prooxidant actions, however, can promote the generation of ROS leading to the activation of 5’AMP-dependent protein kinase, which modulates various enzymes and factors with beneficial roles. At present, it remains unclear how EGCG and CGA can be directed to act as either a prooxidant or an antioxidant, although their cellular concentrations, the presence of metal cations such as Cu+ and Fe++, and the redox state of the cells appear to be important factors. Notably, several human studies did not report the beneficial health effects of green tea and coffee. The inconsistent results may have been caused by various confounding factors including smoking, intestinal microbiota, and genetic factors. This chapter examines the current information on these properties of green tea and coffee with the aim of improving the understanding of a way to enjoy healthy longevity. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Characteristics and early hypoglycemic medications of patients at risk of progression to type 2 diabetes in Japan: A retrospective cohort study of health checkup and claims data; Medication therapy management by tracking patients with risk of progression to type 2 diabetes has not been investigated in Japan. We aimed to assess the characteristics of these patients and their early medications. Claims (n=190507) and health checkup data (n=106984) between April 2005 and March 2015 in Japan were selected. We selected patients aged ≥40 years with fasting plasma glucose levels of 100–125mg/dL or glycated hemoglobin A1c values of 5.7–6.4%. The early-medication group comprised patients who received hypoglycemic medications within 6 months after their first clinic visit, while the no-medication group comprised patients who did not receive any hypoglycemic medications. Main outcome measures were characteristics and early hypoglycemic medications of patients at risk of progression to type 2 diabetes. Of 5676 individuals, hypoglycemic medications were initiated in 276 (5%). The early-medication group had a higher proportion of individuals with a body mass index ≥25kg/m2 and current smokers and drinkers than the no-medication group. Approximately 83% of patients in the early-medication group were prescribed a single hypoglycemic medication, and since 2010, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors were prescribed to one-third of these patients. In our population, early hypoglycemic medication was initiated within 6 months of the first clinic visit, indicating that initiation took place earlier than recommended by current guidelines. Early hypoglycemic medications, especially dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors with low risks of hypoglycemia, might be prescribed based on patient characteristics. Further epidemiological studies are needed to confirm the suitability of early hypoglycemic medication. © 2019 The Pharmaceutical Society of Japan
Type 2 diabetes-associated genetic polymorphisms as potential disease predictors; Diabetes is a major cause of mortality worldwide. There are several types of diabetes, with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) being the most common. Many factors, including environmental and genetic factors, are involved in the etiology of the disease. Numerous studies have reported the role of genetic polymorphisms in the initiation and development of T2DM. While genome-wide association studies have identified around more than 200 susceptibility loci, it remains unclear whether these loci are correlated with the pathophysiology of the disease. The present review aimed to elucidate the potential genetic mechanisms underlying T2DM. We found that some genetic polymorphisms were related to T2DM, either in the form of single-nucleotide polymorphisms or direct amino acid changes in proteins. These polymorphisms are potential predictors for the management of T2DM. © 2019 Witka et al.
Low glycaemic index diets as an intervention for obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: Low glycaemic index (GI) diets may aid in weight loss by reducing postprandial blood glucose excursions, leading to more stable blood glucose concentrations and therefore a reduction in hunger. To test this hypothesis, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing low GI diets with other diet types. Methods: We included 101 studies involving 109 study arms and 8,527 participants. We meta-analysed the studies using a random-effects model and conducted subgroup analyses and meta-regression based on control diet, blood glucose control, baseline BMI and dietary GI. Results: Low GI diets resulted in small but significant improvements in body weight, BMI, LDL and total cholesterol overall, although no individual control diet was significantly different from low GI diets. Studies in people with normal blood glucose who achieved a difference in GI of 20 points or more resulted in a larger reduction in body weight (SMD = −0.26; 95% CIs [−0.43, −0.09]), and total cholesterol (SMD = −0.24; 95% CIs [−0.42, −0.05]) than studies that only achieved a smaller reduction in GI. Conclusions: Low GI diets, especially diets achieving a substantial decrease in GI, were moderately effective in lowering body weight. However, efforts should be made to increase compliance with low GI diets, in order for them to be effective in people with overweight and obesity. © 2018 World Obesity Federation
A prospective study of maternal plasma concentrations of retinol-binding protein 4 and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The aim of this study was to investigate whether retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) concentrations, measured at the first prenatal visit, are associated with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: From July 2015 to June 2016, consecutive women who admitted to the obstetrics center of our hospital were included. At the first prenatal visit (the median gestational age was 6 [interquartile range 4-10] weeks) in the hospital, involved subjects were tested for fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and RBP4 using venous plasma samples collected after at least 8 h of fasting in the morning. Data for FPG and RBP4 concentrations at the first prenatal visit and one-step GDM screening with 75-g oral glucose tolerance test performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation were collected and analyzed. Results: Blood at first prenatal visit was available for 827 women, among whom GDM developed in 101 (12.2%). In multivariate models comparing the second (Q2), third, and fourth quartiles against the first quartile of RBP4, concentrations of RBP4 in Q2, Q3, and Q4 were associated with GDM later developed, and increased risk of GDM by 54, 205, and 536%. There was a significant statistical difference in the area under the curve between the established risk factors alone and the addition of RBP4 concentrations (difference, 0.039 [95% CI 0.030-0.052]; p = 0.03). In the subgroup of women combined with obesity and FABP4 ≥median, the measured OR was 9.83 (95% CI [4.76-16.13]; p < 0.001) for GDM compared to those without obesity and FABP4 <median. Conclusions: There is evidence of a positive association of early pregnancy elevated RBP4 concentration with increased GDM risk, particularly among women with advanced age and obesity. © 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator-1alpha and dna methylation as epigenetic control; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α) is an essential orchestrator in energy homeostasis, serving as a substantial node linking nutritional signals to metabolism. Recent studies indicate that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α) promoter DNA methylation is associated with various disorders and plays an important role in metabolic programming. Dietary and nutritional disequilibrium is recognized as a crucial factor which influences the process of epigenetic modification. In this article, we summarize the current knowledge on the impact of both prenatal and postnatal nutritional factors on the peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptor-γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α) DNA methylation and their relationship to metabolic disorders, and discuss the unresolved questions that warrant further research. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease; Aims/hypothesis: In common with type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a propensity for hepatic fat deposition. We hypothesised that GDM predicts future lifetime risk of serious liver-disease outcomes, such as cirrhosis, liver failure and need for transplantation. Methods: From population-based administrative databases, we identified all women in Ontario, Canada, who had a pregnancy resulting in live birth between April 1994 and March 2002 (N = 698,078). This population was stratified into individuals with (n = 17,932) and without (n = 680,146) GDM, and both groups were further stratified according to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes in the years after delivery. The median follow-up for the development of serious liver disease (defined as hospitalisation for cirrhosis, liver failure or transplantation) was 14.0 years. Results: Women with GDM had a higher risk of serious liver disease than those without GDM (n = 680,146; HR = 1.40, 95% CI 1.01, 1.94). Compared with women who did not have GDM and did not develop diabetes (n = 635,998), those with GDM who subsequently developed type 2 diabetes (n = 8567) had a higher risk of serious liver disease (adjusted HR = 1.56, 95% CI 1.02, 2.39), as did those without GDM who developed type 2 diabetes (n = 44,148; adjusted HR = 2.48, 95% CI 2.10, 2.93), but not those with GDM who did not develop type 2 diabetes (n = 9365; adjusted HR = 1.15, 95% CI 0.69, 1.91). Conclusion/interpretation: GDM is associated with future risk of serious liver disease in young women, the development of which may be dependent upon progression to non-gestational diabetes. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Veterans and agent orange; From 1962 to 1971, the U.S. military sprayed herbicides over Vietnam to strip the thick jungle canopy that could conceal opposition forces, to destroy crops that those forces might depend on, and to clear tall grasses and bushes from the perimeters of US base camps and outlying fire-support bases. Mixtures of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D), 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T), picloram, and cacodylic acid made up the bulk of the herbicides sprayed. The main chemical mixture sprayed was Agent Orange, a 50:50 mixture of 2,4-D and 2,4,5-T. At the time of the spraying, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), the most toxic form of dioxin, was an unintended contaminant generated during the production of 2,4,5-T and so was present in Agent Orange and some other formulations sprayed in Vietnam. Because of complaints from returning Vietnam veterans about their own health and that of their children combined with emerging toxicologic evidence of adverse effects of phenoxy herbicides and TCDD, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine was asked to perform a comprehensive evaluation of scientific and medical information regarding the health effects of exposure to Agent Orange, other herbicides used in Vietnam, and the various components of those herbicides, including TCDD. Updated evaluations were conducted every two years to review newly available literature and draw conclusions from the overall evidence. Veterans and Agent Orange: Update 11 (2018) examines peer-reviewed scientific reports concerning associations between various health outcomes and exposure to TCDD and other chemicals in the herbicides used in Vietnam that were published between September 30, 2014, and December 31, 2017, and integrates this information with the previously established evidence database. © National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Viscus fat area contributes to the Framingham 10-year general cardiovascular disease risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus;                              Objective: To explore the correlation of the viscus fat area (VFA) with the Framingham 10-year general cardiovascular disease risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 202 patients with T2DM were divided into two groups based on VFA (a VFA ≥ 100 cm                             2                              group and a VFA < 100 cm                             2                              group), or four groups based on sex and age (a middle-aged male group, an elderly male group, a middle-aged female group, and an elderly female group). The correlation between the Framingham 10-year general cardiovascular disease risk and body fat indexes was analyzed. Results: Patients in the VFA ≥ 100 cm                             2                              group had higher body fat indexes and Framingham Risk Scores (FRSs) and lower levels of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) when compared to the VFA < 100 cm                             2                              group (P < 0.05). Female patients had higher body fat mass (BFM) and body fat percentage (BFP) levels and a lower VFA when compared to male patients. The VFA was significantly higher in the elderly than in the middle-aged patients. The waist hip fat ratio (WHFR) was significantly higher in elderly females than in elderly males (P < 0.05). Elderly females had the highest FRS of all patients. Multiple stepwise regression analysis revealed the VFA as a contributor to the Framingham 10-year general cardiovascular disease risk after statistical correction for other multiple factors affecting cardiovascular disease risk. Conclusion: The VFA is an independent factor that contributes to the Framingham 10-year general cardiovascular disease risk in patients with T2DM.                          © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Gestational betaine, liver metabolism, and epigenetics; Betaine is a methyl donor and a substrate of methionine metabolism. It can donate methyl groups to most of methylation reactions in vivo. Diet low in betaine may greatly contribute to metabolic syndrome, lipid disorders, and diabetes. Recent research studies in the field of metabolic programming have demonstrated that betaine plays critical roles in fetal development and hepatic glucolipid metabolism via an array of complex mechanisms. Liver is a central metabolic organ, which is essential in the control of hepatic glucose, lipid, and cholesterol contents in order to maintain metabolic homeostasis in the whole body. The status of hepatic glucolipid metabolism at newborn stage will eventually affect adult health in a long term. Maternal nutrition programs neonatal hepatic metabolism through epigenetic mechanisms such as DNA methylation, histone modifications, and miRNA-mediated post-transcriptional regulation. Betaine is of critical value in maternal nutritional programming. In this chapter, we provide an overview of the recent advances in studies on the role of maternal betaine on offspring hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism, especially during early life. We hope that this knowledge may shed lights on identifying novel prophylactic and therapeutic strategies for metabolic disorders involving disrupted glucose and lipid homeostasis in human and animals. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019. All rights reserved.
Obesity: Pathophysiology, monosodium glutamate-induced model and anti-obesity medicinal plants; Obesity and overweight have increased at an alarming rate in the world during the last three decades. Obesity is a crucial factor in the development of metabolic abnormalities, including glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, low-grade inflammation and oxidative stress. A similar scinario occurs during the aging process where alterations of the energetic metabolism homeostasis and a chronic systematic low-grade inflammation have been observed. Oxidative stress and poor physical performance can increase the risk of metabolic disease. Despite the diverse studies on the pathophysiological effects of obesity, its impact related to gender and through life, particularly during aging, hasn't received a reasonable attention. The purpose of this review is to outline the pathophysiological mechanisms and metabolic alterations associated with obesity, with an emphasis on the monosodium glutamate (MSG)-induced obese model. MSG-induced obesity associated inflammation and declined adiponectin were more obvious in male mice, while glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and the redox balance were altered with increased age of both male and female mice. These findings indicate that the metabolic alterations in MSG-induced obesity are associated with the gender as well as aging. Therefore, the MSG obesity model is of a resonable value to underlie the relationship between gender, aging and metabolic alterations in obesity. In addition, we reviewed the medicinal plants and their active constituents which have been used to treat MSG-induced obesity. Given the significat value of this model, studies are needed to scrutinize the benificial effects and underlying mechanisms of medicinal plants with proven anti-obesity activity. © 2018
Plasma VDBP, 25(OH)D, and GSH levels predict surgical outcome in patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy; This study intends to investigate the predictive values of plasma Vitamin D-binding protein (VDBP), 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], and glutathione (GSH) levels in the outcome of cervical spondylotic myelopathy (CSM) surgery. Surgery outcomes of 236 CSM patients were determined. Recovery rate was calculated according to Japanese Orthopaedic Association (JOA) scores during follow-up. CSM patients with a recovery rate >50% were assigned with good prognosis and the rest were with fair prognosis. Preoperative and postoperative neurologic function scores were compared among groups. Plasma VDBP and 25(OH)D levels, as well as GSH levels were measured by ELISA and glutathione reductase recycling assay, respectively. Pearson’s correlation coefficient was performed to analyze the correlation among plasma VDBP, 25(OH)D, and GSH levels. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was applied to evaluate the predictive value of plasma VDBP, 25(OH)D, and GSH levels for surgical outcome. Logistic regression model was used to analyze risk factors for surgical outcome. Compared with those with fair prognosis, CSM patients with good prognosis group exhibited higher postoperative neurologic function scores, plasma VDBP, 25(OH)D, and GSH levels, and better improvements in spinal cord compression and motions of the cervical vertebra. Plasma VDBP, 25(OH)D, and GSH levels were favorable prognostic factors for CSM surgical outcome. The sensitivity and specificity of plasma VDBP, plasma 25(OH)D, and plasma GSH were 89.8% and 91.7%, 85.8% and 84.4%, and 79.5% and 91.7%, respectively. Our study provides evidence that higher plasma VDBP, 25(OH)D, and GSH levels may predict better surgical outcome in CSM patients. © 2019 The Authors.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/hypothesis: Although there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10–14 weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24–28 weeks. Results: Six hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%; p < 0.001) and higher FLI (40.0 vs 10.7; p < 0.001) and HSI (35.5 vs 29.0; p < 0.001). The risk of developing GDM was significantly increased in participants with NAFLD and was positively correlated with the severity of steatosis. This relationship between NAFLD and GDM remained significant after adjustment for metabolic risk factors, including measures of insulin resistance. Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P levels were also correlated with both NAFLD severity and the risk of developing GDM. Conclusions/interpretation: NAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for GDM. Adiponectin may be a useful biomarker for predicting GDM in pregnant women. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Long noncoding RNA HOTAIR regulates autophagy via the miR-20b-5p/ATG7 axis in hepatic ischemia/reperfusion injury; Hepatic ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury is a pathological process that induces oxidative stress, hepatocyte apoptosis, autophagy, and increased inflammatory cytokines. The process can result in liver injury and dysfunction. Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are associated with the process of I/R; however, the underlying mechanism is not clear. The present study aimed to investigate the regulatory effect of lncRNA HOTAIR on autophagy during hepatic I/R injury. The expression levels of HOTAIR, LC3, and ATG7 were examined in a hepatic I/R model. We found that HOTAIR and ATG7 expression levels were upregulated and the autophagy level was significantly increased during I/R liver injury. In isolated hepatocytes, knockdown of the expression of HOTAIR attenuated autophagy induced by hydrogen peroxide. Using the bioinformatics database of TargetScan and starbase, we predicted microRNA miRNA-20b-5p might participate in the regulation between HOTAIR and ATG7. The miR-20b-5p level was significantly decreased in I/R livers and was identified to target ATG7 and inhibit its expression. In addition, HOTAIR can function as competing endogenous RNA for miR-20b-5p and attenuates its inhibitory effect on ATG7. Taken together, our findings revealed that HOTAIR regulates autophagy via the miR-20b-5p/ATG7 axis in hepatic I/R injury, which may serve as basis to develop novel therapeutic strategies to treat hepatic I/R injury. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
The association between metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis;                              Background: One of the most frequently encountered endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age is polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Recent studies have reported varied prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in women with PCOS. The aim of this study is to determine if the women with PCOS are at a higher risk of MetS. Method: The present systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted according to the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analysis (PRISMA) guidelines. To collect articles, we searched online databases of PubMed/Medline, Scopus, Web of Science, Science Direct, Embase, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, EBSCO and Google scholar search engine and the reference list of the retrieved articles using MeSH keywords of “metabolic syndrome” “woman” and “polycystic ovary syndrome” without time limit until October 2018. Cochran's Q test and I                             2                              Index were used to evaluate the heterogeneity among studies and the random effects model was used for combining the results. Data analysis was performed in STATA software version 11.1. Result: Finally, 72 studies involving 10075 PCOS patients with an average age of 26.2 ± 5.01 years were included in the meta-analysis. The heterogeneity rate was high (I                             2                              = 76.5%; p < 0.001) and the pooled estimate of the association between MetS and PCOS was significant (OR = 2.57, 95% CI: 2.18–3.02; P < 0.001). Conclusion: According to the results, there is higher risk of MetS in women with PCOS. Therefore, diagnosis and treatment of MetS in women with PCOS may have a significant impact on this patients health and reduce the rate of mortality and morbidity.                          © 2019
Medical aspects of pregnancy; Understanding the scope of the medical aspects of any individual pregnancy includes learning of the full cycle of reproductive events. This includes a woman’s pregnancy planning, conception events, her access to and journey through antenatal care, the childbirth process, immediate post-partum issues (e.g., feeding support and practices), and the impact of pregnancy events on her long-term health and well-being and that of her family. This chapter will focus on the medical aspects of pregnancy. The chapter begins with discussion of normal physiological changes in pregnancy, then discusses the purpose of monitoring in pregnancy, routine antenatal care, and the role of prevention and intervention for medical complications. Detailed discussion is then provided of the common medical complications of pregnancy, including hypertension; post-partum haemorrhage (PPH); clotting; pregnancy-related bacterial infection (sepsis); pregnancy related viral infection; diabetes in pregnancy; heart disease in pregnancy; and liver disease in pregnancy. The implications for the woman, her family and the health system are discussed. © 2020 selection and editorial matter, Jane M. Ussher, Joan C. Chrisler and Janette Perz; individual chapters, the contributors. All rights reserved.
Folate, vitamin B12, and choline: Essential nutrients before and during pregnancy and during lactation; Folate supplementation before and during pregnancy can prevent many birth defects such as spina bifida. The prevention of such defects on a population level is effective and aims at increasing folate intake in as many women as possible before they become pregnant. However, there are many anomalies that cannot be prevented by folate supplementation. Vitamin B12 deficiency causes disturbance in folate metabolism and utilization. Women who adhere to a vegan or a vegetarian diet could develop vitamin B12 deficiency and thereby could have higher risk for early abortion, preterm birth, low birth weight, and spina bifida despite that they have high intake of folate through the diet or supplements. In addition to folate, choline is a methyl donor that plays a significant role during the pregnancy, during the prenatal life, and for child development after birth. Folate and choline could show complementary and synergetic effects on the health or the mother and the child. Choline requirements increase during pregnancy and lactation. The diet and the estrogen-induced endogenous synthesis of choline in maternal liver are not sufficient to fulfill the needs in the pregnancy. The dietary intake of choline is often not sufficient during pregnancy. It is currently unclear whether low choline status during early pregnancy is associated with the risk of neural tube defects or congenital heart diseases. Results of upcoming studies are awaited. © 2019 Mediengruppe Oberfranken - Fachverlage GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
Prenatal metformin exposure or organic cation transporter 3 knock-out curbs social interaction preference in male mice; Poorly managed gestational diabetes can lead to severe complications for mother and child including fetal overgrowth, neonatal hypoglycemia and increased autism risk. Use of metformin to control it is relatively new and promising. Yet safety concerns regarding gestational metformin use remain, as its long-term effects in offspring are unclear. In light of beneficial findings with metformin for adult mouse social behavior, we hypothesized gestational metformin treatment might also promote offspring sociability. To test this, metformin was administered to non-diabetic, lean C57BL/6 J female mice at mating, with treatment discontinued at birth or wean. Male offspring exposed to metformin through birth lost social interaction preference relative to controls by time in chambers, but not by sniffing measures. Further, prenatal metformin exposure appeared to enhance social novelty preference only in females. However due to unbalanced litters and lack of statistical power, firm establishment of any sex-dependency of metformin's effects on sociability was not possible. Since organic cation transporter 3 (OCT3) transports metformin and is dense in placenta, social preferences of OCT3 knock-out males were measured. Relative to wild-type, OCT3 knock-outs had reduced interaction preference. Our data indicate gestational metformin exposure under non-diabetic conditions, or lack of OCT3, can impair social behavior in male C57BL6/J mice. Since OCT3 transports serotonin and tryptophan, impaired placental OCT3 function is one common mechanism that could persistently impact central serotonin systems and social behavior. Yet no gross alterations in serotonergic function were evident by measure of serotonin transporter density in OCT3, or serotonin turnover in metformin-exposed offspring brains. Mechanisms underlying the behavioral outcomes, and if with gestational diabetes the same would occur, remain unclear. Metformin's impacts on placental transporters and serotonin metabolism or AMPK activity in fetal brain need further investigation to clarify benefits and risks to offspring sociability from use of metformin to treat gestational diabetes. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Two- vs one-hour glucose tolerance testing: Predicting prediabetes in adolescent girls with obesity; Background: During an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), morphological features of the glucose curve (monophasic curve, glucose peak >30 minutes and 1-hour glucose ≥ 155 mg/dL) maybe associated with higher prediabetes risk, but their reproducibility and predictive ability in adolescents with obesity are unknown. Methods: Nondiabetic adolescent girls with obesity underwent a multiple-sample OGTT at baseline (n = 93), 6 weeks (n = 83), and 1 year (n = 72). Short-term reproducibility (baseline to 6 weeks) and the predictive ability for prediabetes (baseline to 1 year) for each feature were compared with standard fasting and 2-hour OGTT diagnostic criteria. Results: There was fair/moderate short-term reproducibility (κ < 0.5) for all morphological features. At 1 year, compared with standard OGTT criteria, the areas under the receiver operating curve (ROC-AUCs) for glucose peak > 30 minutes, 1 hour ≥155 mg/dL or a combination of the two criteria were comparable (all P > 0.05), but the monophasic curve had the lowest ROC-AUC (P < 0.001). Conclusions: In adolescent girls with obesity, glucose peak > 30 minutes and/or glucose ≥155 mg/dL had similar reproducibility and 1-year predictive ability for prediabetes compared with standard OGTT criteria. The shortened 1-hour OGTT may provide diagnostic equivalence for prediabetes risk with the additional advantage of a less time-consuming risk assessment. Published 2018. This article is a U.S. Government work and is in the public domain in the USA.
Stress and immunosenescence: The role of telomerase; Chronic stress is associated with the accelerated aging of the immune system and represents a potent risk factor for the development and progression of a wide range of physical and mental disorders. The elucidation of molecular pathways and mechanisms underlying the link between stress and cellular aging is an area of considerable interest and investigation. In this context, telomere biology has emerged as a particularly attractive candidate mechanism. Several studies have linked immune cell telomere length with stress-related conditions and states, and also with several physical and mental disorders. Because the cellular reverse transcriptase enzyme telomerase is the primary regulator of telomere length (by adding telomeric DNA to telomeres and thereby attenuating telomere shortening), the understanding of its regulation and regulatory functions constitutes a prime target for developing strategies to prevent, attenuate or reverse the adverse consequences of immune system aging (immunosenescence). In this review we provide an overview of the mechanistic pathways linking telomerase with stress and cellular aging, with an emphasis on the immune system. We summarize and synthesize the current state of the literature on immune cell telomerase in different stress- and aging-related disease states and provide recommendations for future research directions. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Hesperidin: A therapeutic agent for obesity; Obesity is a chronic metabolic disease caused by multiple factors and is considered to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, stroke and various cancers. Hesperidin, a flavanone glycoside, is a natural phenolic compound with a wide range of biological effects. Mounting evidence has demonstrated that hesperidin possesses inhibitory effect against obesity diseases. Our review discusses mechanisms of hesperidin in the treatment of obesity. Hesperidin regulates lipid metabolism and glucose metabolism by mediating AMPK and PPAR signaling pathways, directly regulates antioxidant index and anti-apoptosis, and indirectly mediates NF-κB signaling pathway to regulate inflammation to play a role in the treatment of obesity. In addition, hesperidin-enriched dietary supplements can significantly improve symptoms such as postprandial hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. Further clinical trials are also required for confirming lipid-lowering efficacy of this natural flavonoid and evaluating its safety profile. © 2019 Xiong et al.
Epigenetic regulation of the fetal circadian clock; Nutritional disturbances during in utero life can disrupt fetal development and thereby “program” the subsequent metabolic phenotype in adulthood. Maternal nutritional status is thus a key determinant of the intrauterine environment quality. Offspring born to nutritionally compromised pregnancies, such as those complicated by maternal obesity, undernutrition, or micronutrient deficiencies, often experience developmental aberrations and associated metabolic pathologies in adulthood. A growing body of evidence indicates that these nutritionally programmed metabolic complications are mediated via fetal epigenetic changes, including shifts in DNA methylation, histone structure and non-coding RNA activity. Moreover, because metabolic processes are intimately linked to circadian biology, clock gene networks have emerged as potential mediators of the programmed metabolic phenotype. In this chapter, we explore the evidence supporting a role for nutritional signals in utero affecting fetal clock and clock-controlled systems via permanent effects on the fetal epigenome, thereby leading to metabolic health complications in postnatal life. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The reliability of self-reporting chronic diseases: How reliable is the result of population-based cohort studies; Objectives. To evaluate the reliability of self-reporting chronic diseases in the baseline data of the Ravansar Non-Communicable Diseases (RaNCD) cohort study in Kermanshah province, western Iran. Methods. The study was conducted in RaNCD cohort study. To assess the reliability of self-report of chronic disease, a random sample of 202 participants were asked about some of chronic conditions 30-35 days (mean = 32) after recruitment. Results. A range of kappa agreement between 39.52-100%, which the lower statistics was for hypertension and hepatitis and the higher one for cancer, cardiac ischemic, and diabetes. Conclusion. The self-report of chronic diseases was relatively reliable. Therefore self-reporting data for some conditions can be used in situations where the validity is acceptable. © 2019 by Pacini Editore Srl, Pisa, Italy.
Association between increased intestinal permeability and disease: A systematic review; Objective: Increased intestinal permeability (IP) may play an important role in health and disease. The purpose of this review is to explore the association between IP and diseases frequently found within clinical practice. Design and methods: A systematic literature search was conducted up until July 2018 in MEDLINE, PubMed, EMBASE and AMED. A total of 48 articles met the inclusion/exclusion criteria. Results: IP is strongly associated with autoimmune disease and liver conditions, with the estimated prevalence of 25–87.5% and 17–65% respectively. IP also correlates with diabetes (30–65%), food allergies/hypersensitivity, irritable bowel syndrome (35.6%), polycystic ovary syndrome and autism (36.7%). Disease severity in addition to clinical symptoms of menstrual disorders, food allergy or hypersensitivity directly correlates with IP. Finally, the severity of IP appears to be exacerbated by the presence of dysbiosis, inflammation and glucose metabolism disorders. Conclusions: IP is a potentially influential factor that coincides with a variety of health conditions and diseases. IP should be considered as a factor in the pathophysiology and differential diagnosis for patient's presenting with autoimmune diseases, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, liver cirrhosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, irritable bowel syndrome, diabetes, autism, food allergies and food hypersensitivity. Further research is required to determine if IP plays a pathogenic role in the progression and development of disease or whether the disease causes IP. While the clinical significance between IP and these diseases is unclear, the findings of the review suggest the treatment of IP in patients presenting with these conditions may warrant the consideration of clinicians. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Obesity, Pediatric; Over the past 50years, the prevalence of pediatric obesity has increased to epidemic proportions across the globe. The body mass index (BMI) can be used to assess obesity in children, but according to age and sex-specific BMI percentiles, due to natural increases in height and weight that occur during childhood. The rise in pediatric obesity is multifactorial, including changes in dietary, agricultural, and activity practices. Genetic predisposition also increases risk of developing obesity, but can in part be mediated by socioeconomic factors. Prevention efforts have mainly focused on family, school or community-based interventions to promote healthy lifestyle behaviors and increasingly, on public policy changes to reduce risk factors such as sugar sweetened beverage consumption and unhealthy food marketing targeting children and families. © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The next generation cohort: A description of a cohort at high risk for childhood onset type 2 diabetes; Children of mothers with youth-onset (<18 years) type 2 diabetes (T2D) are at increased risk of youth-onset T2D. In Canada, the highest reported prevalence of youth-onset T2D is in First Nation youth, some of whom harbor a unique genetic predisposition HNF1α polymorphism which has been associated with age of onset and clinical presentation. To describe the characteristics of the Next Generation birth cohort (n=260) at 7-9 years (n=88) and 14-16 years of age (n=27). This is a cross-sectional study of offspring exposed in utero to T2D (Next Generation Birth Cohort). Annual assessments from age 7 include height and weight, and biochemical testing (glucose, insulin, lipids, HbA1c). Descriptive statistics were employed. χ tests and repeated-measures ANOVA were used to compare categorical and continuous characteristics, respectively. In total, 11.9% of the total cohort have developed T2D. Of those 14-16.9 years of age, 16.0% have developed T2D. 92% of the offspring ages 7-9 and 70.3% of offspring ages 14-16 are overweight or obese. Children had a significantly higher body mass index z-score than adolescents (2.9 v. 1.5, P=0.001). Comparing the different HNF1α genotypes (G/G wildtype, G/S heterozygote, S/S homozygote); HbA1c (GG: 5.5% v. G/S: 5.7% v. S/S: 8.8%; P=0.0052), insulin (GG: 103 v. G/S: 202; P=0.05) and T2D status (G/G: 5.7% v. G/S: 28.1% v. S/S: 72.7%; P<0.0001) were significantly different between groups. T2D is very common among adolescents of mothers with youth-onset T2D. Early childhood obesity and the HNF1α G319S allele are associated with the incidence of T2D in the Next Gen offspring. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2018.
Notch signaling dynamically regulates adult β cell proliferation and maturity; Notch signaling regulates differentiation of the pancreatic endocrine lineage during embryogenesis, but the role of Notch in mature β cells is unclear. We found that islets derived from lean mice show modest β cell Notch activity, which increases in obesity and in response to high glucose. This response appeared maladaptive, as mice with β cell-specific-deficient Notch transcriptional activity showed improved glucose tolerance when subjected to high-fat diet feeding. Conversely, mice with β cell-specific Notch gain of function (β-NICD) had a progressive loss of β cell maturity, due to proteasomal degradation of MafA, leading to impaired glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and glucose intolerance with aging or obesity. Surprisingly, Notch-active β cells had increased proliferative capacity, leading to increased but dysfunctional β cell mass. These studies demonstrate a dynamic role for Notch in developed β cells for simultaneously regulating β cell function and proliferation. © 2019 American Society for Clinical Investigation. All rights reserved.
You are what you eat: Sequence analysis reveals how plant microRNAs may regulate the human genome; Background: Nutrigenomic has revolutionized our understanding of nutrition. As plants make up a noticeable part of our diet, in the present study we chose microRNAs of edible plants and investigated if they can perfectly match human genes, indicating potential regulatory functionalities. Methods: miRNAs were obtained using the PNRD database. Edible plants were separated and microRNAs in common in at least four of them entered our analysis. Using vmatchPattern, these 64 miRNAs went through four steps of refinement to improve target prediction: Alignment with the whole genome (2581 results), filtered for those in gene regions (1371 results), filtered for exon regions (66 results) and finally alignment with the human CDS (41 results). The identified genes were further analyzed in-silico to find their functions and relations to human diseases. Results: Four common plant miRNAs were identified to match perfectly with 22 human transcripts. The identified target genes were involved in a broad range of body functions, from muscle contraction to tumor suppression. We could also indicate some connections between these findings and folk herbology and botanical medicine. Conclusions: The food that we regularly eat has a great potential in affecting our genome and altering body functions. Plant miRNAs can provide means of designing drugs for a vast range of health problems including obesity and cancer, since they target genes involved in cell cycle (CCNC), digestion (GIPR) and muscular contractions (MYLK). They can also target regions of CDS for which we still have no sufficient information, to help boost our knowledge of the human genome. © 2019; Nutrigenomic has revolutionized our understanding of how diet is able to affect the human body and alter the genomic functions. A growing body of literature has stated that orally-consumed miRNAs can survive the digestion and be absorbed by the cells to regulate their target genes. This finding is still a source of ongoing debates about the amount of miRNA that is needed to affect the gene regulation, but the feasibility of this process wouldn't matter if those exogenous miRNAs wouldn't have targets in the human genome. Therefore this study was designed to detect miRNAs of edible plants for which there were human target genes. The miRNAs of edible plants were studied using the PNRD database and those in common in at least four species were then selected. The vmatchPattern was used to identify targets which went through four levels of refinement: aligning with the whole genome, filtering for the gene regions, the exon sequences and finally with the CDS. Four plant miRNAs were finally selected that could be found in a versatile group of plants, from apple to tobacco. The selected miRNAs could match perfectly with 41 regions of the CDS and contained 22 different human transcripts. In-silico analysis of these miRNAs showed that they targeted genes involved in the metabolism (e.g. GIPR), the heart (e.g. FLT1), the muscles (e.g. ACTA2) and the neurons (GRM7-AS1), cell-cell adhesion (MYLK) and cancer progression (e.g. CCNC). Two target transcripts were also identified for which there were no known genes. In conclusion, our study indicated how our everyday diet and especially plant miRNAs can affect and regulate different aspects of the body functions. These data can be used to justify the use of some folk remedies and help predict some regimens for certain health issues including cancer and obesity. © 2019
Changes in amino acid profiles and liver alterations in pregnant rats with a high carbohydrate/low protein diet; Introduction and aim: Intake of a high-carbohydrate, low-protein diet (HCD/LPD) during pregnancy promotes metabolic disturbances. It has been suggested that liver function during pregnancy contributes to the synthesis of proteins necessary for fetal development during this stage. The liver is a site of response to the synthesis of macronutrients such as proteins. However, it is unknown how HCD/LPD is associated with modifications to the amino acid profiles and hepatic alterations in the maternal environment during pregnancy. Materials and methods: A transverse longitudinal study was done in primiparous mothers during gestation (G) (G1 day 1, G5 day 5, G15 day 15, and G20 day 20). Histological analysis was used to assess hepatic alterations, and amino acid profiles in the liver were analyzed with high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Food and water intake was quantified, and peripheral biochemical indicators in serum were measured. Results: Mothers with HCD/LPD had increased micro and macro vesicles of fat, necrosis, and inflammation in the liver on G5. The total concentration of hepatic amino acids increased by 40% on G1, 17% on G5, and 25% on G15; and, there was a 12% decrease on G20. The following increases were observed in the liver on G1: arginine 68%, histidine 75%, alanine 18%, methionine 71%, and phenylalanine 51% (p > 0.05); on G5: arginine 12%, methionine 34%, and phenylalanine 83% (p > 0.05); on G15: arginine and phenylalanine 66%, tryptophan 81% and histidine 60.4% (p > 0.05); and on G20: arginine 32% (p > 0.05). No weight loss, changes in food consumption, or hepatomegaly occurred. Conclusions: HCD/LPD during pregnancy in primiparous mothers may promote development of fat vesicles. Possibly, this condition causes metabolic adaptations and nitrogen management reflected in decreased levels of serum urea and altered amino acid profiles in the liver. © 2019 Fundación Clínica Médica Sur, A.C.
Hepatic hexokinase domain containing 1 (HKDC1) improves whole body glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in pregnant mice; Hexokinase domain containing 1, a recently discovered putative fifth hexokinase, is hypothesized to play key roles in glucose metabolism. Specifically, during pregnancy in a recent genome wide association study (GWAS), a strong correlation between HKDC1 and 2-h plasma glucose in pregnant women from different ethnic backgrounds was shown. Our earlier work also reported diminished glucose tolerance during pregnancy in our whole body HKDC1 heterozygous mice. Therefore, we hypothesized that HKDC1 plays important roles in gestational metabolism, and designed this study to assess the role of hepatic HKDC1 in whole body glucose utilization and insulin action during pregnancy. We overexpressed human HKDC1 in mouse liver by injecting a human HKDC1 adenoviral construct; whereas, for the liver-specific HKDC1 knockout model, we used AAV-Cre constructs in our HKDC1fl/fl mice. Both groups of mice were subjected to metabolic testing before and during pregnancy on gestation day 17–18. Our results indicate that hepatic HKDC1 overexpression during pregnancy leads to improved whole-body glucose tolerance and enhanced hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity while hepatic HKDC1 knockout results in diminished glucose tolerance. Further, we observed reduced gluconeogenesis with hepatic HKDC1 overexpression while HKDC1 knockout led to increased gluconeogenesis. These changes were associated with significantly enhanced ketone body production in HKDC1 overexpressing mice, indicating that these mice shift their metabolic needs from glucose reliance to greater fat oxidation and ketone utilization during fasting. Taken together, our results indicate that hepatic HKDC1 contributes to whole body glucose disposal, insulin sensitivity, and aspects of nutrient balance during pregnancy. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Effects of the soybean flour diet on insulin secretion and action; Soy is a biologically active plant composed of protein and several bioactive components such as genistein, daidzein, and aglycin. Evidence from both animal and human studies supports soy protein or its bioactive components having a favorable effect on glucoregulation, insulin resistance, body weight, and fat mass, which are hallmarks of diabetes mellitus. Potential mechanisms whereby soy protein and bioactive components may exert preventive and/or therapeutic effects are discussed, including a wide spectrum of biochemical and molecular activities. The potential of soybean flour for the recovery of nutritional status after protein restriction during intrauterine life and lactation is also covered. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Application of nutraceuticals in pregnancy complications: Does epigenetics play a role?; Nutraceuticals provide the prevention or treatment of diseases through dietary supplementation. These become especially important during pregnancy to prevent disorders secondary to nutrient deficiency. In the light of research accomplished in the recent years, it is now established that maternal nutrition affects pregnancy outcomes and disorders through epigenetics, which are heritable gene expression modifications that occur without a change in the DNA sequence. The most studied epigenetic modifications are DNA methylation, histone modifications, and small noncoding RNAs (microRNAs). Recent research has started to unveil how nutraceuticals may prevent pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preterm delivery, and miscarriage through epigenetic mechanisms. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019. All rights reserved.
Melatonin in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity;                              Despite considerable advances in the past few years, obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remain two major challenges for public health systems globally. In the past 9 years, genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have established a major role for genetic variation within the MTNR1B locus in regulating fasting plasma levels of glucose and in affecting the risk of T2DM. This discovery generated a major interest in the melatonergic system, in particular the melatonin MT                             2                              receptor (which is encoded by MTNR1B). In this Review, we discuss the effect of melatonin and its receptors on glucose homeostasis, obesity and T2DM. Preclinical and clinical post-GWAS evidence of frequent and rare variants of the MTNR1B locus confirmed its importance in regulating glucose homeostasis and T2DM risk with minor effects on obesity. However, these studies did not solve the question of whether melatonin is beneficial or detrimental, an issue that will be discussed in the context of the peculiarities of the melatonergic system. Melatonin receptors might have therapeutic potential as they belong to the highly druggable G protein-coupled receptor superfamily. Clarifying the precise role of melatonin and its receptors on glucose homeostasis is urgent, as melatonin is widely used for other indications, either as a prescribed medication or as a supplement without medical prescription, in many countries in Europe and in the USA.                          © 2018, Springer Nature Limited.
Action mechanism of total flavonoids of Diaphragma Juglandis Fructus in treating type 2 diabetes mellitus based on network pharmacology and cellular experimental validation of AKT/FoxO1 signaling pathway; Objictive This paper aimed to investigate the anti-T2DM activity of total flavonoids of Diaphragma Juglandis Fructus (TFDJF), screen anti-T2DM compounds and predict targets of anti-T2DM to explore its multi-component, multi-target and multipathway anti-T2DM mechanism. AKT/FoxO1 signaling pathway was selected for cell experiment. Methods A database of chemical components of flavonoids of Diaphragma Juglandis Fructus was established through literature retrieval, and then the data were combined with five principles of drug absorption to screen active constituents. The targets of active constituents were predicted by using the reverse pharmacophore matching method and screened according to the anti-T2DM related targets in the databases such as TTD, OMIM, et al, and further analyzed the gene GO function and the KEGG pathway enrichment. And the active constituents-targets-pathways network model was also established to study the mechanisms of anti-T2DM of TFDJF. The molecular docking of kaempferol between GSK3B and AKT1 was carried out on the system docking website. Cell experiments were further used to verify: HepG2 cells were selected, insulin-induced insulin resistance (IR) model was used with high concentration of insulin. The cells were treated with 150 μg/mL TFDJF for 36 hours. The glucose consumption of each group was measured by oxidase method, and the expression of AKT-FoxO signal pathway-related proteins was detected by Western blotting methods. Results This study screened 10 active constituents of flavonoids in Diaphragma Juglandis Fructus Totally 104 targets were predicted, and 15 targets related to the anti-T2DM effects were screened. The potential regulatory pathways included Insulin signaling pathway, FoxO signaling pathway, AMPK signaling pathway, PI3K-AKT signaling pathway and so on. Kaempferol has strong binding activity with GSK3B and good binding activity with AKT1. Results of the experimental testing prove that TFDJF could significantly elevate the glucose consumption in insulin resistance cell models (P < 0.01), enhance the p-AKT protein expression and decrease the FoxO1 protein expression (P < 0.01). Conclusion The anti-T2DM mechanism of TFDJF may be related to the signaling pathways of insulin, FoxO, AMPK and PI3K-AKT. © 2019 Tianjin Press of Chinese Herbal Medicines. All rights reserved.
Effect of glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists on body fat redistribution and muscle mass in overweight and obese type 2 diabetic patients; Objective To investigate the effect of glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) on body fat redistribution and muscle mass in overweight/obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods We retrospectively analyzed the data of 76 patients with body mass indexes (BMI)≥24 kg/m2, who had an established diagnosis of T2DM in our department between December, 2014 and September, 2015. We divided these patients according to their BMI in overweight group (BMI of 24-27.9 kg/m2, n=14), obese group (BMI of 28-31.9 kg/m2, n=35) and severely obese group (BMI≥32 kg/m2, n=27). All the patients received treatment with GLP-1RAs (Exenatide or Liraglutide) for 3.0 to 29.0 weeks (mean 8.9 weeks), and their blood glucose, HbA1c and serum lipids were analyzed. For each patient, the fat and muscle masses were analyzed using a human body composition analyzer (JAWON-IOI353, Korea) before and after GLP-1RAs treatment. Results Treatment with GLP-1RAs significantly decreased BMI and visceral adiposity index (VAI) in all the patients in the 3 groups (P<0.05). The treatment significantly decreased the body weight in the overweight group and obese group by 2.70 kg (0.60-4.95 kg) and 2.65 kg (1.45-6.40 kg), respectively (P<0.05), and significantly decreased the waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) in the overweight group (P< 0.05). The obese and severely obese patients showed significantly decreased percentage body fat (including both subcutaneous and visceral fat) and increased muscle mass after the treatment (P<0.05). Compared with those in the overweight group, the percentage body fat and VAI were significantly decreased in the obese group after the treatment (P<0.05), and the percentage of subcutaneous fat reduced and the muscle ratio increased more obviously in the obese and severely obese patients (P<0.05). Conclusion GLP-1RAs treatment can significantly lower BMI and improve body fat distribution in obese patients with T2DM, especially in patients with a greater BMI. © 2019 The Author(s).
Betatrophin for diagnosis and prognosis of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: Betatrophin is a widely used diagnostic marker for type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), but its clinical utility in diagnosing gestational DM (GDM) is unclear. We evaluated the relationship between betatrophin and the risk of GDM as well as the ability of betatrophin to predict postpartum type 2 DM (PDM). Methods: In total, 386 patients were categorized into those with and without PDM. All underwent the oral glucose tolerance test while pregnant. Betatrophin was assessed to examine the diagnostic characteristics of GDM. Results: The betatrophin concentration was remarkably higher in patients with than without GDM. The patients were categorized into three groups; those with a betatrophin concentration of 300 to 600 pg/mL and >600 pg/mL had a higher risk of GDM after adjusting for body mass index, age, homeostatic model assessment–insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) concentration, and betatrophin concentration than those with a betatrophin concentration of <300 pg/mL. The HOMA-IR concentration tended to increase as the betatrophin concentration increased, and betatrophin was independently associated with GDM after adjusting for confounders. The betatrophin concentration was higher among pregnant patients with than without PDM. Conclusions: Betatrophin has high sensitivity but low specificity for diagnosing GDM and may be a promising predictor of PDM. © The Author(s) 2018.
Health benefits of culinary herbs and spices; Spices and herbs have been in use for centuries both for culinary and medicinal purposes. Spices not only enhance the flavor, aroma, and color of food and beverages, but they can also protect from acute and chronic diseases. More Americans are considering the use of spices and herbs for medicinal and therapeutic/remedy use, especially for various chronic conditions. There is now ample evidence that spices and herbs possess antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antitumorigenic, anticarcinogenic, and glucose- and cholesterollowering activities as well as properties that affect cognition and mood. Research over the past decade has reported on the diverse range of health properties that they possess via their bioactive constituents, including sulfur-containing compounds, tannins, alkaloids, phenolic diterpenes, and vitamins, especially flavonoids and polyphenols. Spices and herbs such as clove, rosemary, sage, oregano, and cinnamon are excellent sources of antioxidants with their high content of phenolic compounds. It is evident that frequent consumption of spicy foods was also linked to a lower risk of death from cancer and ischemic heart and respiratory system diseases. However, the actual role of spices and herbs in the maintenance of health, specifically with regards to protecting against the development of chronic, noncommunicable diseases, is currently unclear. This review highlights potential health benefits of commonly used spices and herbs such as chili pepper, cinnamon, ginger, black pepper, turmeric, fenugreek, rosemary, and garlic. © 2019 AOAC International. All Rights Reserved.
Vaspin in serum and urine of post-partum women with excessive gestationalweight gain; Background and objectives: Data concerning vaspin in obstetric aspects are limited and conflicting. The aim of the study was to evaluate vaspin concentrations in the serum and urine of women with excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) in the early post-partum period (i.e., 48 h after delivery), when placental function no longer influences the results. Materials and Methods: The study subjects were divided into two groups of 28 healthy controls and 38 mothers with EGWG. Maternal body composition and hydration status were evaluated by the bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method. Concentrations of vaspin, fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4), leptin, and ghrelin were determined via enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: Serum vaspin levels were lower in the EGWG group, whereas no significant differences were noted between the groups, with regard to the urine vaspin concentrations. In both studied groups, the serum vaspin concentrations correlated positively with the urine FABP4 levels and negatively with gestational weight gain, body mass index gain in the period from pre-pregnancy to 48 h after delivery (DBMI), and fat tissue index (FTI). In the multiple linear regression models, the serum vaspin concentrations were positively dependent on the serum FABP4 levels, as well as negatively dependent on triglycerides, FTI, and DBMI. Conclusions: Our study revealed that the EGWG mothers were characterized by significantly lower serum vaspin concentrations in the early post-partum period compared with the subjects that had appropriate gestational weight gain. Our observation supports previous hypotheses that vaspin might be used as a marker of lipid metabolism in pregnancy and maternal adipose tissue. Considering the fact that FABP4 is widely referred to as a pro-inflammatory adipokine, further research on the protective role of vaspin seems crucial, especially in the context of its relationship to FABP4. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Historical and current adenosine receptor agonists in preclinical and clinical development; Adenosine receptors (ARs) function in the body’s response to conditions of pathology and stress associated with a functional imbalance, such as in the supply and demand of energy/oxygen/nutrients. Extracellular adenosine concentrations vary widely to raise or lower the basal activation of four subtypes of ARs. Endogenous adenosine can correct an energy imbalance during hypoxia and other stress, for example, by slowing the heart rate by A1AR activation or increasing the blood supply to heart muscle by the A2AAR. Moreover, exogenous AR agonists, antagonists, or allosteric modulators can be applied for therapeutic benefit, and medicinal chemists working toward that goal have reported thousands of such agents. Thus, numerous clinical trials have ensued, using promising agents to modulate adenosinergic signaling, most of which have not succeeded. Currently, short-acting, parenteral agonists, adenosine and Regadenoson, are the only AR agonists approved for human use. However, new concepts and compounds are currently being developed and applied toward preclinical and clinical evaluation, and initial results are encouraging. This review focuses on key compounds as AR agonists and positive allosteric modulators (PAMs) for disease treatment or diagnosis. AR agonists for treating inflammation, pain, cancer, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, angina, sickle cell disease, ischemic conditions and diabetes have been under development. Multiple clinical trials with two A3AR agonists are ongoing. © 2019 Jacobson, Tosh, Jain and Gao.
Metabolic Syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a multiple risk factor complex for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). These risk factors consist of atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, elevated plasma glucose, a prothrombotic state, and a pro-inflammatory state. The presence of the metabolic syndrome doubles the risk for ASCVD and causes a fivefold increase in the risk for type 2 diabetes. Multiple factors contribute to the syndrome. The most important is overnutrition combined with catabolic defects in individual risk parameters. The accumulation of ectopic lipid in target tissues appears to be a common denominator in risk factor development. Most individuals with metabolic syndrome exhibit insulin resistance, and most also manifest upper body obesity. Both these abnormalities are produced largely by overnutrition. Primary management of metabolic syndrome is caloric restriction combined with increased physical activity. If this approach does not eliminate affected risk factors, consideration must be given to the use of drug therapies to treat individual risk factors. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
Obeticholic Acid Protects against Gestational Cholestasis-Induced Fetal Intrauterine Growth Restriction in Mice; Gestational cholestasis is a common disease and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, there are still no effective treatments. We investigated the effects of obeticholic acid (OCA) on fetal intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) during 17α-ethynylestradiol- (E2-) induced gestational cholestasis in mice. All pregnant mice except controls were subcutaneously injected with E2 (0.625 mg/kg) daily from gestational day (GD) 13 to GD17. Some pregnant mice were orally administered with OCA (5 mg/kg) daily from GD12 to GD17. As expected, OCA activated placental, maternal, and fetal hepatic FXR signaling. Additionally, exposure with E2 during late pregnancy induced cholestasis, whereas OCA alleviated E2-induced cholestasis. Gestational cholestasis caused reduction of fetal weight and crown-rump length and elevated the incidence of IUGR. OCA decreased the incidence of IUGR during cholestasis. Interestingly, OCA attenuated reduction of blood sinusoid area in placental labyrinth layer and inhibited downregulation of placental sodium-coupled neutral amino acid transporter- (SNAT-) 2 during cholestasis. Additional experiment found that OCA attenuated glutathione depletion and lipid peroxidation in placenta and fetal liver and placental protein nitration during cholestasis. Moreover, OCA inhibited the upregulation of placental NADPH oxidase-4 and antioxidant genes during cholestasis. OCA activated antioxidant Nrf2 signaling during cholestasis. Overall, we demonstrated that OCA treatment protected against gestational cholestasis-induced placental dysfunction and IUGR through suppressing placental oxidative stress and maintaining bile acid homeostasis. © 2019 Wei Chen et al.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition protects the liver of insulin-resistant female rats against triglyceride accumulation by suppressing uric acid; Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibition has been shown to exert beneficial effects against insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes. Combined oral contraceptive (COC) treatment is associated with impaired glucose and lipid metabolism but the mechanisms are elusive. We therefore, hypothesized that DPP-4 inhibition ameliorates COC-induced glucose dysregulation and hepatic triglyceride (TG) accumulation through adenosine deaminase (ADA) /xanthine oxidase (XO) /uric acid-dependent pathway. Female Wistar rats received (po) vehicle and COC (1.0 μg ethinylestradiol plus 5.0 μg levonorgestrel; po) with or without DPP-4 inhibitor (sitagliptin; 100 mg/kg; po) for 8 weeks (n = 6/group). Glucose dysmetabolism was assessed by elevated fasting blood glucose, impaired oral glucose tolerance test and homeostatic model assessment of IR. Treatment with COC led to increased plasma fasting glucose, triglyceride-glucose index, 1-h postload glucose response, insulin, free fatty acid, IR and impaired glucose tolerance. COC treatment also resulted in increased plasma and hepatic TG, TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio, malondialdehyde, uric acid (plasma; 25.2 ± 0.6 mg/dl; hepatic 128.9 ± 8.0 mg/100 mg tissue), lactate dehydrogenase, DPP-4, ADA and XO (plasma;10.5 ± 1.1 U/L; hepatic 21.2 ± 1.4 U/g protein) activities. Likewise, COC led to reduction in nitric oxide level. However, DPP-4 inhibition significantly ameliorated these alterations induced by COC treatment through suppression of uric acid (plasma; 15.1 ± 1.0 mg/dl, hepatic; 75.6 ± 5.0 mg/100 mg tissue), XO (plasma; 4.1 ± 0.9 U/L, hepatic; 8.7 ± 0.4 U/g protein), ADA and DPP-4 activities suggesting their involvement in glucose dysregulation and hepatic TG accumulation induced by COC treatment. Therefore, DPP-4 inhibition would impact positively on cardiometabolic disorders, at least in part, through XO, ADA and uric acid suppression. © 2018 The Authors
Effect of synbiotic pomegranate juice on glycemic, sex hormone profile and anthropometric indices in PCOS: A randomized, triple blind, controlled trial; Background and Aims: Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome is a common reproductive, endocrine, and metabolic disease in women. Pomegranate juice, known as a rich source of phytochemicals with high antioxidant activity, enriched with probiotic may improve PCOS. Methods and Results: A randomized, controlled, triple-blinded, parallel trial study was performed in PCOS patients (n = 92). Three treatment groups (23 patients each) received 2 L of synbiotic pomegranate juice (SPJ), pomegranate juice (PJ), and synbiotic beverage (SB) weekly. The control group (23 patients) received 2 L of placebo beverage weekly. Primary outcome was any change in insulin resistance and secondary outcomes were fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin sensitivity, testosterone, luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumference, from baseline to the end of the trial. At the end of the study, 86 patients were analyzed. There was significant change in insulin resistance in the SPJ and SB groups. Insulin sensitivity increased significantly in the SPJ and SB groups. Insulin also changed significantly in the SPJ and SB groups. BMI, weight and waist circumference decreased significantly in the SPJ and SB groups. Testosterone level also decreased significantly in the SPJ and SB groups. There was no significant change in FPG, LH and FSH in any of the groups. Conclusion: SPJ in the form of a new beverage can improve insulin resistance, insulin, testosterone level, BMI, weight and waist circumference in PCOS. This trial was registered in Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials, with number: 25272. © 2018
Measurement of homocysteine: A historical perspective; Elevated plasma level of homocysteine is being increasingly associated with many diseases. There is a significant interest in the development of methods to determine the total homocysteine in biologically relevant tissues. Over the years, researchers use various methods to determine the exact concentrations of homo-cysteine in these tissues. However, the precise method used in many studies earlier was questionable. We have reviewed various methodologies for the measurement of homocysteine. We list the commonly used methodologies currently in use to determine homocysteine levels. Through extensive literature search, we have come up with the most popular as well as the newest measurement modalities and listed them with a brief discussion of each of the methodology. In conclusion, we have presented the historical perspective of homocysteine measurement in biological fluids in this manuscript. Thus, the precise understanding of its concentration in biological fluids coupled with its importance in health and disease should justify a newer but reliable technique in the area of ongoing research in homocysteine. © 2019 JCBN.
A study on the mechanism of adipokine in non-alcoholic fatty liver in rats treated by four herbs decoction; The objective of the study is to determine adipokine-associated mechanism of efficacy of Si He Decoction (SHD) for treating non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Forty-five Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into control group, model group, SHD low-dose group, SHD middle-dose group, and SHD high-dose group. Except control group, others were fed with a high-fat diet for 12 weeks to establish model. Then, H&E and oil red O staining were performed, and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was used to detect expression level of adipokine-associated molecules. H&E and oil red O staining results revealed that SHD treatment for NAFLD could effectively improve liver pathological conditions compared to that in model group, and the best efficacy was observed in SHD high-dose group. Compared to model group, SHD treatment could effectively downregulate expression level of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), and upregulate expression level of visfatin, adiponectin (APN), leptin (LEP), and resistin in NAFLD rats. SHD can improve NAFLD through multiple means of targeting adipokines. © The Author(s) 2019.
The role of adipokines in the regulation of cardiovascular function; Adipose tissue is an endocrine organ secreting signal peptides adipokines. Adipokines play a significant role in the regulation of the immune, endocrine, nervous, excretory systems. Adipokine imbalance leads to chronic inflammation, metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Obesity as the primary reason of the adipokine imbalance is the leading risk factor of hypertension, atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. Thus, experimental and clinical studies of adipokine biology are essential for the development of the novel therapeutic approaches for the management of cardiometabolic diseases. This review focuses on the role of adiponectin, leptin, chemerin, omentin and visfatin in physiological and pathophysiological processes in the cardiovascular system. © 2019 All-Russian Public Organization Antihypertensive League. All rights reserved.
Role of hepatic neuregulin 4 in the regulation of gluconeogenesis in mice; Aims: Enhanced hepatic gluconeogenesis is an important cause of hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes. However, the regulatory mechanisms underlying disordered hepatic gluconeogenesis remains largely unclear. In the present study, we investigated the potential role of hepatic neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) in the regulation of gluconeogenesis in mice. Main methods: Microarray analysis was performed in primary mouse hepatocytes treated with or without 8-Br-cAMP. Primary mouse hepatocytes transfected with Nrg4 overexpressing or shRNA adenovirus were used to detect the expressions of the key gluconeogenic genes and glucose output. Hepatic Nrg4 expression levels were measured in fasted C57/BL6 mice, obese ob/ob mice, diabetic db/db mice and Goto-Kakisaki (GK) rats. Pyruvate tolerance test was performed and gluconeogenic gene expressions were detected 7 days after Nrg4 shRNA adenovirus was injected into male C57BL/6 and db/db mice. Key findings: Microarray analysis revealed that Nrg4 expression was significantly induced by 8-Br-cAMP in primary mouse hepatocytes, along with the upregulation of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase). Adenovirus-mediated overexpression or knockdown of Nrg4 in primary mouse hepatocytes increased or decreased PEPCK and G6Pase expressions as well as hepatic glucose production. Hepatic Nrg4 expression was induced by fasting in normal C57/BL6 mice, and markedly upregulated in obese ob/ob mice, diabetic db/db mice and GK rats. Hepatic Nrg4 knockdown in C57BL/6 and db/db mice improved pyruvate tolerance, with the downregulation of PEPCK, G6Pase, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α). Significance: Hepatic Nrg4 plays a crucial role in the regulation of gluconeogenesis and may be a therapeutic target of type 2 diabetes. © 2018
Adipokines and macrophage markers during pregnancy—Possible role for sCD163 in prediction and progression of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: The risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increased in overweight and obese women potentially involving secreted mediators from adipose tissue. Our main aim was to evaluate if circulating adipokines and monocyte/macrophage markers were dysregulated in GDM and the influence body mass and indices of glucose metabolism had on this association. We further explored if early detection of these markers improved prediction of GDM and if they remained modified during long-term follow-up. Materials and methods: Population-based prospective cohort study in 273 pregnant women with markers measured four times during pregnancy and at 5-year follow-up. Results: sCD163 was higher (25% at 14-16 weeks, P < 0.001) and adiponectin lower (−17% at 14-16 weeks, P < 0.01) early in pregnancy and at 5-year follow-up in GDM women, independent of BMI, and other GDM risk factors. Leptin, adiponectin, and chemerin were robustly associated with glucose metabolism throughout pregnancy while sCD163 was inversely associated with β-cell function early in pregnancy in women with increased BMI. Finally, the markers at 14 to 16 weeks displayed modest discriminatory properties with regard to prediction of GDM (AUC < 0.7). Using a combination of fasting glucose and sCD163, 53% of GDM could be identified when 25% of the population scored positive suggesting some merit in a multimarker approach. Conclusions: sCD163 and adiponectin were dysregulated in GDM, independent of body mass. None of the adipokines or monocyte/macrophage activation markers displayed clinically useful properties alone for early detection of GDM. Activation of monocytes/macrophages may be an important event in the early development of GDM. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Maternal body mass index, gestational weight gain, and childhood abdominal, pericardial, and liver fat assessed by magnetic resonance imaging;                              Background/Objectives: Maternal obesity and excessive gestational weight gain are associated with an increased risk of obesity in offspring. It remains unclear whether maternal adiposity also affects organ fat, which has important adverse cardiometabolic health consequences and whether the associations reflect intrauterine causal mechanisms. We examined the associations of parental pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain with general, abdominal, pericardial, and liver fat in 10-year-old children. Subjects/Methods: In a population-based prospective cohort study among 2354 parents and their children, we obtained pre-pregnancy maternal and paternal BMI and gestational weight gain and offspring BMI, fat mass index (total fat/height                             4                             ) by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and subcutaneous fat index (subcutaneous fat/height                             4                             ), visceral fat index (visceral fat/height                             3                             ), pericardial fat index (pericardial fat/height                             3                             ), and liver fat fraction by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at 10 years. Results: A 1-standard deviation score (SDS) higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with higher childhood BMI (difference 0.32 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.28, 0.36) SDS), fat mass index (difference 0.28 (95% CI 0.24, 0.31) SDS), subcutaneous fat index (difference 0.26 (95% CI 0.22, 0.30) SDS), visceral fat index (difference 0.24 (95% CI 0.20, 0.28) SDS), pericardial fat index (difference 0.12 (95% CI 0.08, 0.16) SDS), and liver fat fraction (difference 0.15 (95% CI 0.11, 0.19) SDS). After conditioning each MRI adiposity measure on BMI at 10 years, higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI remained associated with higher childhood subcutaneous and visceral fat indices. Smaller but not statistically different effect estimates were observed for paternal BMI. Gestational weight gain was not consistently associated with organ fat. Conclusions: Higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, but not gestational weight gain, was associated with higher general and organ fat. Similar associations of pre-pregnancy maternal and paternal BMI with offspring adiposity suggest a role of family shared lifestyle factors and genetics.                          © 2018, Springer Nature Limited.
Rat models of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes; Obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes continue to be a scourge of modern society, despite much research and developed therapies. Research in these areas is ongoing, and in this review we discuss models of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes in the rat. There are many experimental and genetic ways to achieve these conditions, and these states can be either experimentally induced or spontaneously developed. Here we cover the various ways in which these disease states are achieved, and experimental uses of these disease models. The goal is to provide a practical and scientific resource for the experimenter who aims to study these disease states. First, we describe dietary methods to induce obesity, as well as sleep deprivation and physical activity models that lead to obesity. Next, aspects and models of metabolic syndrome are presented. Finally, models and caveats to the study of diabetes rat models are described. © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Interaction between AGTR1 and PPARγ Gene Polymorphisms on the Risk of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an important public health issue worldwide. Several recent studies have reported that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ) and angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AGTR1) variants are associated with NAFLD occurrence, but the results have been inconsistent. The aim of this study was to analyze the interactions between PPARγ and AGTR1 polymorphisms and their associations with NAFLD in Chinese adults. Methods: Seven single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the PPARγ gene and 5 SNPs of the AGTR1 gene were selected and genotyped in 1591 unrelated Chinese adults. The SNPAssoc package of R was used to examine the relationships between the selected SNPs and NAFLD. Results: After adjusting the covariance, the results from the overdominant model showed that participants carrying the T/C genotype of rs2638360 in AGTR1 have a decreased risk of NAFLD compared with those with T/T-C/C genotypes (odds ratio: 0.70, 95% confidence interval: 0.49-1.00). However, our results showed that none of the selected PPARγ variants were significantly associated with the risk of NAFLD after applying a false discovery rate correction. Among the 12 selected SNPs from PPARγ and AGTR1, model-based multifactor dimensionality reduction (MB-MDR) analyses for gene-gene interactions revealed that all the models were significantly associated with the increased risk of NAFLD (p < 0.05) except the 2-, 10-, 11-, and 12-locus models. Further, among the 10 SNPs negatively associated with NAFLD, the four-locus model (rs13431696 and rs3856806 in PPARγ, and rs5182, rs1492100 in ATGR1) and the five-locus model (rs9817428, rs1175543, rs13433696, and rs2920502 in PPARγ, and rs1492100 in ATGR1) were closely related with NAFLD susceptibility (p = 0.019 and p = 0.048, respectively). Conclusion: Our present study suggests that interactions among multiple AGTR1 and PPARγ polymorphisms are associated with the risk of NAFLD in the Chinese population. © 2019 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Dietary Patterns in Iran: A Review Study; Background: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOs) is one of the most common metabolic and endocrine abnormalities among women in reproductive age. In the case of not comprehensive treatment, PCOs can lead to hormonal, metabolic, and fertility disorders. The exact cause of PCOs is still unclear. This disease seems to have a genetic background caused by the interference of several key genes with the environmental factors such as dietary habit and food intake, which play an important role in prevention and treatment of this syndrome. Methods: We searched Scopus, PubMed, SID, and Magiran data bases to find the studies conducted in Iran on dietary patterns, dietary intake, food intake, and PCOs published in English. Results: The findings showed that decrease of weight and fat intake from total calorie (especially saturated fat and cholesterol), increase of physical activity and intake of dietary fibers can improve this syndrome. Furthermore, DASH diet, increase of the protein/carbohydrate ratio in the diet, the low-calorie diets, or iso-caloric diets with a low glycemic index can also be useful in this regard. Discussion: In recent studies, the effects of some healthy diets were studied on PCOs women. A few of these studies were about finding appropriate dietary patterns for PCOs patients, but their number was limited. So, further studies are needed in this regard. © 2019. All Rights Reserved.
Intrauterine metformin exposure and offspring cardiometabolic risk factors (PedMet study): a 5–10 year follow-up of the PregMet randomised controlled trial; Background: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in pregnancy, and in attempts to improve pregnancy outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and obesity. It passes across the placenta with possible long-term consequences for the offspring. We previously explored the effect of metformin, given to women with polycystic ovary syndrome during pregnancy, on children's growth up to 4 years of age. In this 5–10 year follow-up, we examined the cardiometabolic risk factors in these children. Methods: This is a follow-up of children from the PregMet study, a double-blind, randomised controlled trial comparing metformin with placebo in polycystic ovary syndrome pregnancies. In the PregMet study, between Feb 4, 2005, and Jan 27, 2009, 257 pregnant women aged 18–45 years with polycystic ovary syndrome according to the Rotterdam criteria were included with 274 singleton pregnancies at 5–12 weeks of gestation at 11 study centres in Norway. 17 women participated twice. Pregnant women were randomised to metformin (2000 mg/day) or placebo from inclusion in the first trimester to birth. Randomisation was stratified according to metformin use at conception. In this follow-up, the primary endpoint was body-mass index (BMI) in the offspring at 5-10 years of age assessed by the standard deviation score (Z score). The primary endpoint was analysed with independent sample t tests. ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT00159536. Findings: Of the 255 invited children from the PregMet study, 141 (55%) consented to participate and were included between April 29, 2014, and July 12, 2016. Maternal baseline characteristics in the first trimester were similar between groups. Children in the metformin group had a higher BMI Z score than those in the placebo group (difference in means=0·41, 95% CI 0·03–0·78, p=0·03). Interpretation: The increased BMI in metformin-exposed children might indicate a potential risk of inferior cardiometabolic health. Implications for adult health cannot be excluded. Funding: The Research Council of Norway, Novo Nordisk Foundation, St Olavs University Hospital, and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
DASH dietary pattern and cardiometabolic outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern, which emphasizes fruit, vegetables, fat-free/low-fat dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and limits saturated fat, cholesterol, red and processed meats, sweets, added sugars, salt and sugar-sweetened beverages, is widely recommended by international diabetes and heart association guidelines. Objective: To summarize the available evidence for the update of the European Association of the Study of Diabetes (EASD) guidelines, we conducted an umbrella review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach of the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiovascular disease and other cardiometabolic outcomes in prospective cohort studies and its effect on blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials in individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched through 3 January 2019. We included systematic reviews and meta-analyses assessing the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiometabolic disease outcomes in prospective cohort studies and the effect on cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized and non-randomized controlled trials. Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed the risk of bias of individual studies. The primary outcome was incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the prospective cohort studies and systolic blood pressure in the controlled trials. Secondary outcomes included incident coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes in prospective cohort studies and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials. If the search did not identify an existing systematic review and meta-analysis on a pre-specified outcome, then we conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis. The evidence was summarized as risk ratios (RR) for disease incidence outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for risk factor outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). The certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: We identified three systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 15 unique prospective cohort studies (n = 942,140) and four systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 31 unique controlled trials (n = 4,414) across outcomes. We conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis of 2 controlled trials (n = 65) for HbA1c. The DASH dietary pattern was associated with decreased incident cardiovascular disease (RR, 0.80 (0.76–0.85)), coronary heart disease (0.79 (0.71–0.88)), stroke (0.81 (0.72–0.92)), and diabetes (0.82 (0.74–0.92)) in prospective cohort studies and decreased systolic (MD, -5.2 mmHg (95% CI, -7.0 to -3.4)) and diastolic (-2.60 mmHg (-3.50 to -1.70)) blood pressure, Total-C (-0.20 mmol/L (-0.31 to -0.10)), LDL-C (-0.10 mmol/L (-0.20 to -0.01)), HbA1c (-0.53% (-0.62, -0.43)), fasting blood insulin (-0.15 µU/mL (-0.22 to -0.08)), and body weight (-1.42 kg (-2.03 to -0.82)) in controlled trials. There was no effect on HDL-C,triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, or CRP. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for SBP and low for CVD incidence and ranged from very low to moderate for the secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Current evidence allows for the conclusion that the DASH dietary pattern is associated with decreased incidence of cardiovascular disease and improves blood pressure with evidence of other cardiometabolic advantages in people with and without diabetes. More research is needed to improve the certainty of the estimates. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Ginsenoside Rb1 as an anti-diabetic agent and its underlying mechanism analysis; Panax ginseng and Panax notoginseng, two well-known medical plants with economic value, have a long history of use for managing various diseases in Asian countries. Accumulating clinical and experimental evidence suggests that notoginsenosides and ginsenosides, which are the major bioactive components of the plants, have a variety of beneficial effects on several types of disease, including metabolic, vascular, and central nervous system disease. Considerable attention has been focused on ginsenoside Rb1 derived from their common ownership as an anti-diabetic agent that can attenuate insulin resistance and various complications. Particularly, in vitro and in vivo models have suggested that ginsenoside Rb1 exerts various pharmacological effects on metabolic disorders, including attenuation of glycemia, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia, which depend on the modulation of oxidative stress, inflammatory response, autophagy, and anti-apoptosis effects. Regulation of these pathophysiological mechanisms can improve blood glucose and insulin resistance and protect against macrovascular/microvascular related complications. This review summarizes the pharmacological effects and mechanisms of action of ginsenoside Rb1 in the management of diabetes or diabetic complications. Moreover, a multi-target effect and mechanism analysis of its antidiabetic actions were performed to provide a theoretical basis for further pharmacological studies and new drug development for clinical treatment of type 2 diabetes. In conclusion, ginsenoside Rb1 exerts significant anti-obesity, anti-hyperglycemic, and anti-diabetic effects by regulating the effects of glycolipid metabolism and improving insulin and leptin sensitivities. All of these findings suggest ginsenoside Rb1 exerts protective effects on diabetes and diabetic complications by the regulation of mitochondrial energy metabolism, improving insulin resistance and alleviating the occurrence complications, which should be further explored. Hence, ginsenoside Rb1 may be developed as a potential anti-obesity, anti-hyperglycemic, and anti-diabetic agent with multi-target effects. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Mass spectrometry-based fecal metabolome analysis; The past decade has witnessed remarkable progress in our understanding of the important roles that gut microbial metabolites play in modulating the human health. The dynamic interplay between the host and gut microbiota is critical for maintaining the host homeostasis. The gut microbial metabolites are increasingly being recognized as an important part of human physiology. The symbiosis between human and gut microbiota relies on the communications with metabolites acting as the important mediators. Analysis of gut microbial metabolites is essential to understand the molecular mechanisms of the interaction between the host and gut microbiota. Feces contain a wide array of metabolites that may reflect the results of nutrient ingestion, digestion and absorption by gut microbiota and the gastrointestinal tract. Analysis of fecal metabolites therefore can provide a non-invasive manner to study the outcome of the host-gut microbiota interactions. It is evident that mass spectrometry (MS)-based fecal metabolome analysis is rapidly growing and covers a broad investigation on the functional roles of microbial metabolites with tumorigenesis, gut microflora activity, diet, lifestyle, and intestinal physiology. In the past several years, considerable advances have been made in the development of MS-based analytical methods to decipher the fecal metabolome. In this review, we discuss the current practices for processing fecal samples for metabolomics study. And we summarize the MS-based methods with focus on the liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS), gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), and capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry (CE-MS) that are commonly applied to assess the fecal metabolome. We hope this review can benefit the investigation of the functions of gut microbial metabolites and promote the translation of fecal metabolomics into clinical applications. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Circulating spexin decreased and negatively correlated with systemic insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β cell function in obese children; Objectives: Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide that has recently emerged as an important regulatory adipokine of obesity and related metabolic disease. Little is known about its role in children. The aim of the current study was to determine the potential role of SPX in obese children and explore its relationships with obesity-related markers, insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β cell function. Method: We studied the levels of serum SPX in 40 obese and 32 normal weight pre-puberty children (mean age was 8.59 ± 1.82 and 8.15 ± 2.03 years in obesity and control groups respectively). We investigated the levels of body mass index, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, insulin, Homeostasis model assessment for insulin-resistant (HOMA-IR, HOMA for β-cell function [HOMA-β]), insulinogenic index and C-peptide index and analyzed their correlations with SPX levels. Results: SPX levels were significantly decreased in obese children compared to controls. Moreover, serum SPX levels were lower in IR obese subjects in contrast with the non-IR obese subjects. Serum SPX concentrations correlated negatively and significantly with triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, fasting insulin level, HOMA-IR, insulinogenic index, and HOMA-β levels in obese children. Conclusions: In summary, serum SPX levels significantly decreased in obese children and negatively correlated with insulin resistance and pancreatic β cell function indicators. Therefore, SPX may play a protective role in the process of glucose homeostasis and is closely related to β cell function in obese children. © 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Fish Oil Supplements During Perinatal Life: Impact on the Liver of Offspring; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) play a key role in fetal development, but they cannot be synthesized by the fetus and so must be transferred from the mother. Maternal dietary fatty acids during the perinatal period may affect the epigenetic outcomes in the offspring. Fish oil is commonly used as a dietary supplement during the perinatal stage and, in experimental animals, its effects are quite variable, depending on the dose, timing, and duration of the supplement in pregnancy. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver disease, and an accumulation of triacylglycerols in liver is its most characteristic feature. A high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can program NAFLD in the offspring. The n-3 LCPUFAs present in fish oil have major functions in regulating hepatic lipid metabolism. Dietary supplements of fish oil have been used as a therapeutic strategy to combat NAFLD. Fish oil supplements have been shown to reduce hepatic lipid content in NAFLD, but the implications of maternal fish oil consumption during pregnancy on longer term child health has not yet been clearly established. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The absence of lactation after pregnancy induces long-term lipid accumulation in maternal liver of mice; Aims: The present investigation evaluated whether pregnancy followed by lactation exerts long-term impacts on maternal hepatic lipid metabolism. Main methods: Female mice were subjected to two pregnancies, after which they were either allowed to breastfeed their pups for 21 days (L21) or had their litter removed (L0). Age-matched virgin mice were used as controls (CTL). Three months after the second delivery, serum was collected for lipid profiling, and fragments of liver were used to assess lipid content and to evaluate the key steps of de novo non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) synthesis, esterification and β-oxidation, very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) assembly and secretion and autophagy. Key findings: L0 exhibited a significant increase in hepatic TG and reduced apolipoprotein B-100 (ApoB-100) expression. L21 mice had increased ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) activity and reduced acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) phosphorylation but no increased hepatic TG. On the other hand, L21 mice had reduced hepatic sequestosome 1 (SQSTM1/p62) levels. Increased high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and hepatic apolipoprotein A-1 (ApoA-1) expression were found exclusively in L21. Significance: The present study reveals that long-term hepatic lipid accumulation is induced by the history of pregnancy without lactation. On the other hand, reduced SQSTM1/p62 levels indicate that increased autophagic flux during life may prevent hepatic fat in dams subjected to lactation. Lactation after pregnancy is also obligatory for a long-term increase in maternal HDL. The present data may contribute to the understanding of the mechanisms leading to elevated cardiometabolic risk in women limited to short periods of lactation. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
The influence of high-fat, high-sugar diet and bariatric surgery on HSP70 and HSP90 plasma and liver concentrations in diet-induced obese rats; Metabolic surgery ameliorates insulin resistance and is associated with long-term, effective weight loss, but the mechanisms involved remain unknown. Here, the duodenal-jejunal omega switch (DJOS) surgery in combination with high-fat, high-carbohydrate diet was performed on diet obese rats and joint effects of bariatric surgery and different dietary patterns on heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) and HSP90 plasma and liver concentrations were measured. We found that plasma and liver levels of HSP70 were lower after DJOS surgery in comparison to the control in the groups of animals kept on control diet (CD) and high-fat, high-sugar diet (HFS) but the postoperative change of the diet led to the increase in HSP70 in plasma and liver concentration in DJOS-operated animals. A high-calorie meal, rich in carbohydrates and fats, significantly increased circulating levels of HSP90, reducing the normalising effect of DJOS. The HFS diet applied during all stages of the experiment led to the higher levels of liver HSP90 concentration. The combination of CD and DJOS surgery was the most efficient in the lowering of the HSP90 liver concentration. The normalisation of circulating levels and liver concentrations of HSP70 and HSP90 may be achieved in a combination of DJOS procedure with a proper dietary plan. © 2019, The Author(s).
Hypothyroidism and related diseases: A methodological quality assessment of meta-analysis; There is an increasing prevalence of hypothyroidism and there is a growing body of meta-analyses (MAs) on the association between hypothyroidism and other diseases. However, the methodological quality of the MAs significantly varies. Thus, this study aimed to evaluate and summarise data on the methodological quality of MAs on the associations between hypothyroidism and other diseases using the Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) scale, providing suggestions for clinical decision-making processes. Design To assess the methodological quality of MAs using the AMSTAR scale. Data sources A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library, web of science and Chinese Biomedicine Literature Database. Eligibility criteria We included MAs that had assessed the association between hypothyroidism and other diseases in humans and that had full texts regardless of the publication status. No restriction applied on language or date. Data extraction and synthesis Two reviewers independently screened the titles and abstracts of all searched literature to acquire potentially eligible publications. The full texts of possible eligible publications were downloaded and assessed. Inconsistent comments were resolved through discussions with a third reviewer. Results 52 studies were included. The average AMSTAR score of the included articles was 8.6 (range: 5-10), and those of English and Chinese MAs were 8.8 and 7.0, respectively. A total of 52 MAs were evaluated, and 19 (36.5%) and 33 (63.5%) of these MAs were of moderate and high quality, respectively. None of the MAs were of low quality. Only two MAs had an a priori design. Items 3, 5 and 9 had the highest compliance (50/52, 96.2%), and aside from item 1, items 7 and 8 had the lowest compliance (33/52,63.5%). According to the results of these MAs, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, neuropsychiatric disorders, breast cancer and pregnancy outcome. Conclusions The methodological quality of the included MAs on the association between hypothyroidism and other diseases was moderate to high. MAs with high qualities confirmed that hypothyroidism was significantly associated with cardiovascular diseases, metabolic syndrome, preterm birth and neonatal outcomes. Consideration of scientific quality when formulating conclusions should be made explicit and more attention should be paid to improving the methodological quality of MAs, and increasing their applicability for clinical decision-making. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Human gut microbiota, nutrition and health; Human gut microbiota is the complex community of microorganisms that live in the digestive tracts, including bacteria, archaea, virus, fungi and protists. These microorganisms coevolved together with human body for a long history, forming a balanced micro-ecosystem. Recent researches discovered the close association between gut microbiota and human health. The gut microbiota was thought to be the biggest endocrine "organ", which keeps and restores human health by regulating the its composition and structure. Dysregulation in the composition and diversity of microbiota (dysbiosis) is closely associated with diverse metabolism and immune disorders, such as diabetes, allergy, autoimmunity, and gastrointestinal inflammatory disorders. Thus, a balanced network between gut microbiota and human body will be of great help for diagnosis, treatment and prognosis in the field of precision medicine. Gut microbiota also interacts with diet to degrade nutrients and provide additional nutrients. Meanwhile, faecal bacteria can exert a fundamental role in modulating energy metabolism. Studies have shown that in obesity individuals, the gut microbiota composition can be significantly different from that of lean individuals, and that modifications of gut microbiota composition can be associated with increases or reductions of body weight and body mass index. On the other hand, gut bacterial was related with nutrients absorption. Such as, decreased abundance of Lactobacillus maybe relate with iron (Fe) deficiency, which indicated the intimate connection between gut microbiota and nutrients. Development of nutriology has contributed greatly to human health. A well-balanced diet is the basis for a healthy life. Both the western diet and special diets can have a relevant impact on the microbiome and promote the development of various diseases. An increasing in food-related disorders in recent years, largely associated with dramatic changes in food consumption trends and main nutrients. Nutrition has a very special influence on the microbiome as it is an important factor throughout age. Gut bacteria are specialized in the fermentation of various substrates, thus, complex diets can lead to a number of metabolic products, especially vitamins and SCFAs, which are important to human health. Dietary-associated changes in compositional and functional microbiota traits should be correlated with the health status for the future development of dietary recommendations and potential clinical interventions. We have realized the close relationship between human body, gut microbiota, nutrients and immunity, which will bring an unprecedented opportunity for developing precision nutrition. This review will focus on the gut microbiota, nutrition and health. Due to rapid advances in this inter-discipline, we here only choose several facets to discuss. © 2019, Science Press. All right reserved.
Alternative Healthy Eating Index may be associated with liver enzymes level among healthy adults; Background and aims: Due to documented association between diet intake and liver enzymes level and also suggested role of AHEI in chronic disorders prevention, this study was conducted to investigate the association between AHEI and liver enzymes level. Methods: The study sample consisted of 256 subjects with a mean age of 34.93 (SD8.82) years, 126 men and 139 women. Dietary intake was evaluated by the use of a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and AHEI-2010 was used to assess adherence to healthy eating index. All baseline blood samples were collected. All chemical and anthropometric measurements were performed at the EMRC laboratory of Shariatei hospital. All statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 16 for Windows. Results: Individuals in the highest tertile of AHEI-2010 were older and had significant lower weight (P=0.01), BMI (P=0.02), TG (P=0.02), total cholesterol (P=0.05), ALT (P=0.02) and AST (P=0.04) and higher fat percent (P=0.02) and AAR (P<0.01). Adherence to AHEI had a negative and significant association with AST after adjusting for age and weight (P value= 0.02 and 95%CI: 0.94, 0.99), while association with ALT was significant after adjusting for age and weight (P value= 0.02 and 95%CI: 0.94, 0.99). After adjusting for sex AHEI was inversely associated with ALT and AST, but it was not significant. Conclusion: In all, adherence to AHEI seems to be associated with lower levels of ALT and AST in participants. Prospective studies are required to confirm these associations. © Mattioli 1885
Effects of cross-fostering and developmental exposure to mixtures of environmental contaminants on hepatic gene expression in prepubertal 21 days old and adult male Sprague-Dawley rats; The notion that adverse health effects produced by exposure to environmental contaminants (EC) may be modulated by the presence of non-chemical stressors is gaining attention. Previously, our lab demonstrated that cross-fostering (adoption of a litter at birth) acted as a non-chemical stressor that amplified the influence of developmental exposure to EC on the glucocorticoid stress-response in adult rats. Using liver from the same rats, the aim of the current study was to investigate whether cross-fostering might also modulate EC-induced alterations in hepatic gene expression profiles. During pregnancy and nursing, Sprague-Dawley dams were fed cookies laced with corn oil (control, C) or a chemical mixture (M) composed of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB), organochlorine pesticides (OCP), and methylmercury (MeHg), at 1 mg/kg/day. This mixture simulated the contaminant profile reported in maternal human blood. At birth, some control and M treated litters were cross-fostered to form two additional groups with different biological/nursing mothers (CC and MM). The hepatic transcriptome was analyzed by DNA microarray in male offspring at postnatal days 21 and 78–86. Mixture exposure altered the expression of detoxification and energy metabolism genes in both age groups, but with different sets of genes affected at day 21 and 78–86. Cross-fostering modulated the effects of M on gene expression pattern (MM vs M), as well as expression of energy metabolism genes between control groups (CC vs C). In conclusion, while describing short and long-term effects of developmental exposure to EC on hepatic transcriptomes, these cross-fostering results further support the consideration of non-chemical stressors in EC risk assessments. © 2018, © 2018 The Author(s). Published by Taylor & Francis.
Dietary branched-chain amino acids intake exhibited a different relationship with type 2 diabetes and obesity risk: a meta-analysis; Aim: To assess whether oral branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) supplementation exerts influence on circulating BCAA and the significance of dietary BCAA in type 2 diabetes and obesity risk. Method: We searched PUBMED, EMBASE and Cochrane library through June 2018 to retrieve and screen published reports for inclusion in the meta-analysis after methodological assessment. Heterogeneity of studies was evaluated using I2 statistics, while sensitivity analysis and funnel plot were used to evaluate the potential effect of individual studies on the overall estimates and publication bias, respectively, using RevMan 5.3. Result: Eight articles on randomized clinical trial of oral BCAA supplementation, and seven articles on dietary BCAA intake and type 2 diabetes/obesity risks were eligible for inclusion in our meta-analyses. Mean difference and 95% confidence interval (CI) of circulating leucine was 39.65 (3.54, 75.76) µmol/L, P = 0.03 post-BCAA supplementation. Also, OR and 95% CI for higher total BCAA intake and metabolic disorder risks were, 1.32 (1.14, 1.53), P = 0.0003—type 2 diabetes and 0.62 (0.47, 0.82), P = 0.0008—obesity. Conclusion: Oral BCAA supplementation exerts modest influence on circulating leucine profile and higher total BCAA intake is positively and contra-positively associated with type 2 diabetes and obesity risk, respectively. © 2018, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Maternal high-fat diet sex-specifically alters placental morphology and transcriptome in rats: Assessment by next-generation sequencing; Introduction: Maternal nutrition is an extremely important health issue. We evaluated the impact of maternal high fat diet (HFD) on pregnancy outcomes, elucidated how the rat placenta and fetus respond to diet manipulation based on fetal sex, and identified candidate genes and pathways. Methods: Rats were fed a normal or HFD diet for 10 weeks before conception and during gestation. The placenta was collected on gestational day 21 and sexed. Placental histology was analyzed and placental candidate genes and pathways were identified using whole-genome RNA next-generation sequencing. Results: Pup weights in both sexes from HFD dams were reduced. The weight of the placenta from the HFD group was also decreased in both sexes, but changes in placental layer distributions were only significant for female fetuses. Maternal HFD altered the placental transcriptome in a sex-specific manner. Activation of the placental renin-angiotensin system (RAS) by maternal HFD was associated with fetal growth restriction in both fetal sexes. Conclusions: The placenta reacts to maternal HFD by altering the placental layer distribution and gene expression in a sex-specific manner. The male placenta in late gestation is thought to exhibit greater plasticity relative to the female placenta; however, fetuses of both sexes exhibited similar growth restriction. Our data reveal an association between the placental RAS and HFD-induced fetal growth restriction. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Altered development of fetal liver perfusion in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes;                              Background Pregestational diabetes is associated with fetal macrosomia, and umbilical perfusion of the fetal liver has a role in regulating fetal growth. We therefore hypothesized that pregestational diabetes alters fetal liver blood flow depending on degree of glycemic control. Methods In a prospective study, 49 women with pregestational diabetes underwent monthly ultrasound examinations during 24-36 gestational weeks. Blood flow was determined in the umbilical vein, ductus venosus and portal vein, and blood velocity was measured in the left portal vein, the latter reflecting the watershed between splanchnic and umbilical flow. The measurements were compared with reference values by z-score statistics, and the effect of HbA                             1c                              assessed. Results The umbilical venous flow to the liver (z-score 0.36, p = 0.002), total venous liver flow (z-score 0.51, p<0.001) and left portal vein blood velocity (z-score 0.64, p<0.001), were higher in the study group. Normalized portal venous flow was lower (z-score -0.42, p = 0.002), and normalized total venous liver flow tended to be lower after 30 gestational weeks (z-score -0.54, p = 0.047) in the diabetic pregnancies compared with reference values from a low-risk population. The left portal vein blood velocity was positively, and the portal fraction of total venous liver flow negatively correlated with first trimester HbA                             1C                             . Conclusions In spite of increased umbilical blood distribution to the fetal liver, graded according to glycemic control, the total venous liver flow did not match third trimester fetal growth in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes, thus contributing towards increased perinatal risks and possibly altered liver function with long-term metabolic consequences.                          © 2019 Lund et al.
Medicinal foods as potential therapies for type-2 diabetes and associated diseases : The chemical and pharmacological basis of their action; Medicinal Foods as Potential Therapies for Type-2 Diabetes and Associated Diseases: The Chemical and Pharmacological Basis of their Action focuses on active pharmacological principles that modulate diabetes, associated risk factors, complications and the mechanism of action of widely used anti-diabetic herbal plants-rather than just the nutritional composition of certain foods. The book provides up-to-date information on acclaimed antidiabetic super fruits, spices and other food ingredients. Sections cover diabetes and obesity at the global level, the physiological control of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, the pathophysiology of type-2 diabetes, the chemistry and pharmacology of a variety of spices, and much more. This book will be invaluable for research scientists and students in the medical and pharmaceutical sciences, medicinal chemistry, herbal medicine, drug discovery/development, nutrition science, and for herbal practitioners and those from the nutraceutical and pharm industries. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Large-Scale Longitudinal Metabolomics Study Reveals Different Trimester-Specific Alterations of Metabolites in Relation to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Despite the increasing research attention paid to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to its high prevalence, limited knowledge is available about its pathogenesis. In this study, 428 serum samples were collected from 107 pregnant women suffering from GDM and 107 matched healthy controls. The nontargeted metabolomics data of maternal serum samples from the first (T1, n = 214) and second trimesters (T2, n = 214) were acquired by using ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled with Orbitrap mass spectrometry (MS). A total of 93 differential metabolites were identified on the basis of the accurate mass and MS/MS fragmentation. After false discovery rate correction, the levels of 31 metabolites in GDM group were significantly altered in the first trimester. The differential metabolites were mainly attributed to purine metabolism, fatty acid β-oxidation, urea cycle, and tricarboxylic acid cycle pathways. The fold changes across pregnancy (T2/T1) of six amino acids (serine, proline, leucine/isoleucine, glutamic acid, tyrosine, and ornithine), a lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC(20:4)), and uric acid in GDM group were significantly different from those in the control groups, suggesting that these 8 metabolites might have contributed to the occurrence and progression of GDM. The findings revealed that the amino acid metabolism, lipid metabolism, and other pathways might be disturbed prior to GDM onset and during the period from the first to the second trimester of pregnancy. © Copyright 2018 American Chemical Society.
Current Resources for Evidence-Based Practice, March 2019; A review of new resources to support the provision of evidence-based care for women and infants. © 2019
The effect of eight-week walking program on plasma levels of amino acids in early/mid pubertal obese girls; Background: Altered circulating amino acids levels have been observed in metabolic disorders, like obesity, type-2 diabetes, and other insulin-resistant states. This study aimed to investigate the effect of 8-week walking on plasma amino acids (PAAs) in obese girls. Methods: This clinical trial study (IRCT20180928041160N1) was conducted on 32 early/mid pubertal obese girls which they divided into interval-walking (IWG, n=12), continuous-walking (CWG, n=11) and control (CG, n=9) groups. The walking program (3-sessions/week for 8-weeks) consists of 30-min walking with 70-85%HRmax and 60-75%HRmax, respectively in the IWG (2-min walking and 1-min active rest) and CWG. The concentration of PAAs was measured at baseline and 72-hours after the last session in fasting state, using high-performance liquid chromatography. A repeated measures ANCOVA (group (3) * time (2)) with post hoc Bonferroni was used to analyze the data. Results: More the PAAs were not affected by interval or continuous walking training. A significant increase in lysine (p=0.003, 95%CI 24.08, 108.97) was observed only in the CG, and there was a significant difference between the CG and CWG (p=0.032). Global arginine bioavailability (GABA) significantly decreased in the CG (P<0.001, 95%CI -0.65, -0.21) and the IWG (p=0.004, 95%CI -0.60, -0.21). A significant increase in weight (p=0.043, 95%CI 0.27, 1.46), insulin (p=0.046, 95%CI -0.91, 9.01), and HOMA-IR (p=0.007, 95%CI 0.26, 2.63) were found only in the CG, and both insulin and HOMA-IR tended to decline in the CWG. Conclusion: Except for lysine and GABA, all groups roughly showed similar changes in more amino acids. Continuous-walking could improve the plasma level of lysine and GABA, which along with an improvement of fasting insulin levels and HOMA-IR. © Iran University of Medical Sciences.
Post-translational modifications of serotonin transporter; The serotonin transporter (SERT) is an oligomeric glycoprotein with two sialic acid residues on each of two complex oligosaccharide molecules. Studies using in vivo and in vitro model systems demonstrated that diverse post-translational modifications, including phosphorylation, glycosylation, serotonylation, and disulfide bond formation, all favorably influences SERT conformation and allows the transporter to function most efficiently. This review discusses the post-translational modifications and their importance on the structure, maturation, and serotonin (5-HT) uptake ability of SERT. Finally, we discuss how these modifications are altered in diabetes mellitus and subsequently impairs the 5-HT uptake ability of SERT. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Oral administration of Angelica sinensis polysaccharide protects against pancreatic islets failure in type 2 diabetic mice: Pancreatic β-cell apoptosis inhibition; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is becoming an expanding global health concern, closely linked to the islet dysfunction. This study aimed to investigate the protective effects of Angelica sinensis polysaccharide (ASP), derived from the roots of Angelica sinensis (Oliv.) Diels, on pancreatic islets of T2DM mice. Our research showed that ASP could ameliorate hyperglycemia, restore lipid profile changes and protect against liver injury. ASP increased the Bcl-2/Bax ratio to block caspase-9-caspase-3 cascade in islet β-cells. Simultaneously, the suppression of a caspase-8-driven extrinsic apoptotic pathway further inhibited the activation of subsequent substrate proteins, such as PARP. Results of immunohistochemistry and immunocytochemistry indicated that ASP could increase cell insulin stores. Additionally, ASP could promote the secretion of insulin to attenuate the glucotoxicity by stimulating the insulin gene expression. Taken together, this study suggested that ASP might be applied as a functional food or additive to treat diabetes. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Chemokine gene polymorphisms association with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Tatar ethnic group, Russia;                              Recent studies have shown that chemokines play an important role in the development of chronic inflammation in adipose tissue, obesity pathogenesis, glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. It has also been revealed that some SNPs in chemokine genes are associated with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and diabetes complications in different ethnic groups. The aim of this study was to determine the associations between SNPs in chemokine genes and type 2 diabetes in participants of Tatar ethnic group, living in Bashkortostan. Case–control and cross-sectional study were included in our study design. Five SNPs were genotyped in 440 type 2 diabetes (160 men and 280 women), 58.8 ± 9.2 years old (mean ± SD), BMI 29.3 ± 3.9 kg/m                             2                              (mean ± SD) patients of Tatar ethnicity, and a control group of 500 Tatars (180 men and 320 women), 55.2 ± 11.6 years old (mean ± SD), BMI 25.9 ± 4.3 kg/m                             2                              (mean ± SD). The SNPs rs6749704 in CCL20 [odds ratio (OR) = 2.77 (95% CI 1.81–4.25), р = 0.0001], rs2107538 in CCL5 [odds ratio (OR) = 1.80 (95% CI 1.46–2.22), p = 0.0001] were significantly associated with type 2 diabetes. Regression analysis revealed that rs1696941 in CCL11 was associated with the onset age and duration of type 2 diabetes as well as with HbA                             1c                              level (p = 0.034, p = 0.036 and p = 0.0054, respectively). The SNPs rs223828 in CCL17 and rs6749704 in CCL20 were correlated with obesity as estimated by BMI (p = 0.0004, p = 0.029, respectively). Rs223828 in CCL17 revealed the association with postprandial glucose level (p = 0.024) and HbA                             1c                              (p = 0.008). These data demonstrate that variants of chemokine genes are associated with type 2 diabetes and obesity of Tatar ethnic group inhabiting Bashkortostan Republic. Novel associations of the polymorphic loci in CCL20 (rs6749704) and CCL5 (rs2107538) genes with type 2 diabetes had been identified as a result of the conducted research.                          © 2018, Springer Nature B.V.
Increased leptin, decreased adiponectin and FGF21 concentrations in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes; Objective: Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increase s the risk of metabolic diseases in the offspring. Leptin, adiponectin, and fibroblast growth factor 21 ( FGF21) may play potential roles in the underlying disease mechanisms. We investigated the impact of fetal exposur e to GDM on leptin, adiponectin, and FGF21 concentrations and their associations with measures of adiposit y and metabolic traits during childhood/adolescence. Design and methods: The follow-up study included 504 GDM and 540 control offspring aged 9-16 from the Danish National Birth Cohort. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood samples, puberty status and fat percentages by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were examined. Serum concen trations of leptin, adiponectin, and FGF21 were measured by validated immune assays. Results: GDM offspring had 38% (95% CI: 22-55%) higher leptin, 0.6 mg/L (95% CI: -1.2, -0.04 mg/L) lower adiponectin, and 32% (95% CI: -47%, -12%) lower FGF21 concentrations than control offspring (P < 0.05). After adjustment for confounders including maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM offspring had borderline higher leptin (P = 0.06) and significantly lower FGF21 concentrations (P = 0.006). When accounting for offspring BMI z-score, GDM exposure had no significant independent effect on leptin or adiponectin concen trations, whereas FGF21 was still significant. In univariate analyses, leptin and adiponectin were associated wit h fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and adiposity, and FGF21 with total fat percentage. Conclusions: GDM offspring had higher leptin, lower adiponectin and FGF21 co ncentrations than control offspring. Elevated leptin and decreased adiponectin concentrations associated with adverse metabolic traits and were most likely driven by higher obesity prevalence among GDM offspring. The functional implications of decreased FGF21 concentrations among GDM offspring need to be further explored. © 2019 European Society of Endocrinology.
Mass spectrometry-based peptidome profiling of human serous ovarian cancer tissues; Background: Bioactive peptides existing in vivo have been considered as an important class of natural medicines for the treatment of diseases. Peptidome analysis of tissues and biofluids had provided important information about the differentially expressed bioactive peptides in vivo. Methods: Here, we analyzed the peptidome of serous ovarian cancer tissue samples and normal ovarian epithelial tissue samples by mass spectrometry and further investigated the possible bioactive peptides that were differentially expressed. Results: We identified 634 differentially expressed peptides, 508 of these peptides were highly abundant in serous ovarian cancer tissues, a result consistent with higher protease activity in ovarian cancer patients. The difference in preferred cleavage sites between the serous ovarian cancer tissues and normal ovarian epithelium indicated the characteristic peptidome of ovarian cancer and the nature of cancer-associated protease activity. Interestingly, KEGG pathway analysis of the peptide precursors indicated that the differentially regulated pathways in ovarian cancer are highly consistent with the pathways discovered in other cancers. Besides, we found that a proportion of the differentially expressed peptides are similar to the known immune-regulatory peptides and anti-bacterial peptides. Then we further investigated the function of the two down-regulated peptides in ovarian cancer cells and found that peptide P1DS significantly inhibited the invasion and migration of OVCAR3 and SKOV3 ovarian cancer cells. Conclusions: Our results are the first to identify the differentially expressed peptides between the serous ovarian cancer tissue and the normal ovarian epithelium. Our results indicate that bioactive peptides involved in tumorigenesis are existed in vivo. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of probiotic therapy on serum inflammatory markers: A systematic review and meta-analysis;                              The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of the clinical use of probiotic therapy in any serum inflammatory markers in individuals with any inflammatory process. A systematic review with meta-analysis approach was used to analyze randomized controlled trials (RCTs) studies from PubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE and Cochrane Library databases. The most commonly used probiotic bacteria were those of the genus Lactobacillus spp. and the treatment time of the studies ranged from 1 to 52 weeks. Six studies reported an increase on anti-inflammatory markers and forty-five studies reported a decrease on pro-inflammatory markers. Meta-analysis indicated that probiotics reduced Tumor Necrosis Factor-α [standardized mean difference (SMD): −10.65; 95% CI: −25.20, −6.10; I                             2                              = 100%; P < 0.00001] and C-reactive protein (SMD: −0.11; 95% CI: −0.14, −0.09; I                             2                              = 98%; P < 0.00001). Probiotic therapy has the potential to modulate the inflammatory process, besides having beneficial effects on the base pathology.                          © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
The effect of community-based programs on diabetes prevention in low- and middle-income countries: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) can have a substantial impact in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). Community-based programs addressing diet, physical activity, and health behaviors have shown significant benefits on the prevention and management of T2DM, mainly in high-income countries. However, their effects on preventing T2DM in the at-risk population of LMICs have not been thoroughly evaluated. Methods: The Cochrane Library (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE and two clinical trial registries were searched to identify eligible studies. We applied a 10 years limit (from 01 Jan 2008 to 06 Mar 2018) on English language literature. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with programs focused on lifestyle changes such as weight loss and/or physical activity increase, without pharmacological treatments, which aimed to alter incidence of diabetes or one of the T2DM risk factors, of at least 6 months duration based on follow-up, conducted in LMICs. Results: Six RCTs randomizing 2574 people were included. The risk of developing diabetes in the intervention groups reduced more than 40%, RR (0.57 [0.30, 1.06]), for 1921 participants (moderate quality evidence), though it was not statistically significant. Significant differences were observed in weight, body mass index, and waist circumference change in favor of community-based programs from baseline, (MD [95% CI]; - 2.30 [- 3.40, - 1.19], p < 0.01, I2 = 87%), (MD [95% CI]; - 1.27 [- 2.10, - 0.44], p < 0.01, I2 = 96%), and (MD [95% CI]; - 1.66 [- 3.17, - 0.15], p = 0.03, I2 = 95%), respectively. The pooled effect showed a significant reduction in fasting blood glucose and HbA1C measurements in favor of the intervention (MD [95% CI]; - 4.94 [- 8.33, - 1.55], p < 0.01, I2 = 62%), (MD [95% CI]; - 1.17 [- 1.51, - 0.82], p < 0.01, I2 = 46%), respectively. No significant difference was observed in 2-h blood glucose values, systolic or diastolic blood pressure change between the two groups. Conclusion: Based on available literature, evidence suggests that community-based interventions may reduce the incidence rate of T2DM and may positively affect anthropometric indices and HbA1C. Due to the heterogeneity observed between trials we recommend more well-designed RCTs with longer follow-up durations be executed, to confirm whether community-based interventions lead to reduced T2DM events in the at-risk population of LMIC settings. © 2019 The Author(s).
Management of Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Chronic Liver Diseases; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a common chronic disease affecting humans globally. During the last few years, the incidence of diabetes has increased and has received more attention. In addition to growing DM populations, DM complications are involving injuries to more organs, such as the heart and cerebral vessel damage. DM complications can reduce quality of life and shorten life spans and eventually also impede social and economic development. Therefore, effective measures to curb the occurrence and development of diabetes assist in improving patients' quality of life, delay the progression of DM in the population, and ease a social burden. The liver is regarded as an important link in the management and control of DM, including the alleviation of glucose metabolism and lipid metabolism and others via glucose storage and endogenous glucose generation from glycogen stored in the liver. Liver cirrhosis is a very common chronic disease, which often lowers the quality of life and decreases life expectancy. According to a growing body of research, diabetes shows a close correlation with hepatitis, liver cirrhosis, and liver cancer. Moreover, coexistence of liver complications would accelerate the deterioration of patients with diabetes. Liver cirrhosis and diabetes influence each other. Thus, in addition to pharmacological treatments and lifestyle interventions, effective control of cirrhosis might assist in a better management of diabetes. When it comes to different etiologies of liver cirrhosis, different therapeutic methods, such as antiviral treatment, may be more effective. Effective control of cirrhosis might be a strategy for better management of diabetes. © 2019 Yingying Zhao et al.
Hepatoprotective activity of Ganoderma lucidum triterpenoids in alcohol-induced liver injury in mice, an iTRAQ-based proteomic analysis; The hepatoprotective activity of ethanol extract of Ganoderma lucidum (GLE) in alcohol-induced liver injury in mice was investigated. HPLC coupled with photo-diode array detector and electrospray ionization-mass spectrometry was used to analyze the major triterpenoids in GLE. The effects of GLE on hepatoprotection were evaluated through histopathology and biochemical analysis of serum enzymes. We used isobaric tag for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ) coupled with tandem mass spectrometry to identify differentially expressed liver proteome in mice. There were more than 4000 differentially expressed proteins; 40 proteins with the most significant changed proteins were applied for further bioinformatics analysis. Expression levels of cytochrome P450 2E1 and alcohol dehydrogenase 1, proteins that are closely associated with these processes, were validated by western blotting. Triterpenoids, major components of GLE, protected alcohol-induced liver injury through inhibiting lipid peroxidation, elevating activity of antioxidant enzymes, and suppressing apoptotic cell death and immune inflammatory response. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
A review for the pharmacological effect of lycopene in central nervous system disorders;                              Lycopene is an aliphatic hydrocarbon carotenoid extracted from plants like tomatoes, papayas, and watermelons. Previous studies have shown that lycopene can exert prophylactic and/or therapeutic effects in different disorders, such as heart failure and neoplasm via anti-oxidative, anti-inflammatory, and anti-proliferative activities. In the central nervous system (CNS), lycopene also has prophylactic and/or therapeutic effects in different type of disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease (AD), Parkinson's disease (PD), Huntington's disease (HD), cerebral ischemia, epilepsy, and depression. Lycopene also improves cognition and memory ability of rodents in different pathological conditions, such as diabetes, colchicine exposure, high-fat diet (HFD), and aging. Further, lycopene can prevent neuro-toxicities induced by monosodium glutamate (MSG), trimethyltin (TMT), methylmercury (MeHg), tert-butyl hydroperoxide (t-BHP), and cadmium (Cd). In some special conditions such as ethanol addiction and haloperidol-induced orofacial dyskinesia, lycopene administration displays special therapeutic effects. Mechanisms including inhibition of oxidative stress and neuroinflammation, inhibition of neuronal apoptosis, and restoration of mitochondrial function have been shown to mediate the neuroprotective effects of lycopene. Other mechanisms, such as inhibition of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), activation of the nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor (Nrf2) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) signaling, and restoration of intracellular Ca                             2+                              homeostasis, may be also involved in the neuroprotective effect of lycopene. In hope of get a clear impression about the role of lycopene in the CNS, we summarize and discuss the pharmacological effects of lycopene as well as its possible mechanisms in CNS disorder prevention and/or therapy.                          © 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS
Impact of bacterial probiotics on obesity, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease related variables: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Objective To systematically review the effect of oral intake of bacterial probiotics on 15 variables related to obesity, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Design Systematic review and meta-analysis. Data sources Medline, EMBASE and COCHRANE from 1990 to June 2018. Eligibility criteria Randomised controlled trials (≥14 days) excluding hypercholesterolaemia, alcoholic liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome and children <3 years. Results One hundred and five articles met inclusion criteria, representing 6826 subjects. In overweight but not obese subjects, probiotics induced improvements in: body weight (k=25 trials, d=a '0.94 kg mean difference, 95% CI a '1.17 to a '0.70, I=0.0%), body mass index (k=32, d=a '0.55 kg/m, 95% CI a '0.86 to a '0.23, I=91.9%), waist circumference (k=13, d=a '1.31 cm, 95% CI a '1.79 to a '0.83, I=14.5%), body fat mass (k=11, d=a '0.96 kg, 95% CI a '1.21 to a '0.71, I=0.0%) and visceral adipose tissue mass (k=5, d=a '6.30 cm, 95% CI a '9.05 to a '3.56, I=0.0%). In type 2 diabetics, probiotics reduced fasting glucose (k=19, d=a '0.66 mmol/L, 95% CI a '1.00 to a '0.31, I=27.7%), glycated haemoglobin (k=13, d=a '0.28 pp, 95% CI a '0.46 to a '0.11, I=54.1%), insulin (k=13, d=a '1.66 mU/L, 95% CI a '2.70 to a '0.61, I=37.8%) and homeostatic model of insulin resistance (k=10, d=a '1.05 pp, 95% CI a '1.48 to a '0.61, I=18.2%). In subjects with fatty liver diseases, probiotics reduced alanine (k=12, d=a '10.2 U/L, 95% CI a '14.3 to a '6.0, I=93.50%) and aspartate aminotransferases (k=10, d=a '9.9 U/L, 95% CI a '14.1 to -5.8, I=96.1%). These improvements were mostly observed with bifidobacteria (Bifidobacterium breve, B. longum), Streptococcus salivarius subsp. thermophilus and lactobacilli (Lactobacillus acidophilus, L. casei, L. delbrueckii) containing mixtures and influenced by trials conducted in one country. Conclusions The intake of probiotics resulted in minor but consistent improvements in several metabolic risk factors in subjects with metabolic diseases. Trial registration number CRD42016033273. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Exosomes and diabetes; Diabetes is a group of metabolic diseases characterized by elevated blood glucose levels that drive the development of life-threatening complications. Diabetes results from a situation of insufficient insulin action, either by deficient production of the hormone by the pancreas, or by the development of insulin resistance in peripheral tissues such as liver, muscle, or the adipose depots. Communication between organs is thus central to the maintenance of glucose homoeostasis. Recently, several studies are evidencing that small vesicles called exosomes released by, amongst other, the adipose tissue can regulate gene expression in other tissues, hence modulating interorgan crosstalk. Therefore, exosomes participate in the development of diabetes and its associated complications. Their study holds the potential of providing us with novel biomarkers for the early diagnosis and stratification of patients at risk of developing diabetes, hence allowing the timely implementation of more personalized therapies. On the other hand, the molecular dissection of the pathways initiated by exosomes under situations of metabolic stress could help to gain a deeper knowledge of the pathophysiology of diabetes and its associated metabolic diseases. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Gestational diabetes: Maternal programming; Background: Gestational diabetes has been identified as a long-term risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Objectives: Based on the current scientific evidence, our objective was to increase our knowledge of the importance of gestational diabetes in women’s future health. Material and methods: Retrospective study by searching for original articles and systematic reviews published in the databases PubMed, EMBASE, ScienceDirect, and Cochrane Library between 1999 and 2018. The key words used for the search were as follows: "Gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term consequences", "previous gestational diabetes mellitus", "gestational diabetes after delivery", "postpartum followup of women with gestational diabetes", "history of gestational diabetes mellitus", "after gestational diabetes mellitus", and "gestational diabetes and postpartum risk". The highest levels of evidence were selected. Results: We found 472 articles on gestational diabetes and its long-term effects on the mother. The articles were reviewed, and those with the lowest level of scientific evidence and all duplicate references were ruled out. Conclusions: There is sufficient clinical evidence linking gestational diabetes with subsequent development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. It is still not possible to determine from gestation which patients are most likely to have long-term complications. There is sufficient evidence that diabetes mellitus can be prevented. This is not the case for cardiovascular disease. © 2019, Sociedad Espanola de Ginecologia y Obstetricia. All rights reserved.
Coagulation tests and blood glucose before vaginal delivery in healthy teenage pregnant women compared with healthy adult pregnant women; The aim of this study was to compare the coagulation tests and blood glucose levels between healthy teenage pregnant patients and healthy adult pregnant patients just before vaginal delivery In a prospective study, 208 consecutive patients, 3rd trimester healthy pregnant women, underwent blood tests to determine their glucose levels the day before vaginal delivery. Of the 208 patients, 103 also underwent blood coagulation testing performed on the same day. The median values of the coagulation tests (APTT, prothrombin time, INR, prothrombin activity) and blood glucose were very similar in the healthy pregnant teenagers (32.6; 12.9; 1.02; 97.1; 81) compared with that in the healthy adult pregnant patients (32.45; 13.1; 1.01; 97.5; 81.2). Only the median value for fibrinogen was significantly different in healthy pregnant teenagers (348.9 mg/dL) (interquartile range 21.7) compared with that in healthy adult pregnant patients (359.1 mg/dL) (interquartile range 29.88). Significantly different median blood glucose levels also occurred in the <20; 20–29; 30–39; >40 age groups, but the glucose levels were still within normal limits. Even if there was variability between blood values from one age group to another, the median values for coagulation tests and blood glucose were very close in the healthy teenage pregnant patients compared with the median values of the healthy adult pregnant patients, just before vaginal delivery. With very few exceptions, the values for coagulation tests and blood glucose were within normal limits in all age groups of healthy pregnant patients. Copyright © 2019 the Author(s).
Hypothalamic, Hepatic and Renal Tricarboxylates in HFHS-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Rats: A Molecular Study; Both the central and peripheral regulation of energy balance involves several complex processes where most of which remain unexplored. The main objective of this study was to explore the potential molecular implication of several transporters and the enzymes involved in the tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA), electron transport chain (ETC) and de novo glycine biosynthesis in the hypothalamus, liver and kidney along with, in particularly, the expression analysis of the mitochondrial citrate carrier 1 and 2 (CIC1 and CIC2), isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 and 2 (IDH 1 and IDH 2), cytochrome C oxidase (Cyt-C or complex IV) and serine hydroxymethyl transferase (GlyA or SHMT) in high fat high sugar (HFHS)-induced metabolic syndrome (MetS) in male Sprague dawely rats. Moreover, the metabolic effects of the oral administration of gum arabic (GA) and/or the hypoglycemic drug (dapagliflozin) were studied. Fifty rats were randomly divided into 5 groups; control group, HFHS-induced MetS group and HFHS-induced MetS-supplemented with either gum arabic (500mg/kg) and/or administered with dapagliflozin (1mg/kg). Furthermore, studying the gene expression pattern of the hypothalamic AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), acetyl-coA carboxylase (ACC) and fatty acid synthesis (FAS) involved in the central regulation of energy 16 balance, in such experimental models. Our results showed significant up-regulation in the hypothalamic mRNA expression of AMPK while ACC and FAS expression were down-regulated in the HFHS- induced MS compared to the control group. Furthermore, a marked difference was observed in the rate of expression of the CIC1, CIC2, IDH1, IDH2, Cyt-C and GlyA expression level in the hypothalamic, hepatic and renal tissues of HFHS- induced MetS. Oral supplementation of GA and/or treatment with dapagliflozin reverted most of these changes while the combination group had the most evident effect. In conclusion, molecular targets such as studied herein could provide a valid therapeutic potential and explain the mechanisms of the energy imbalance accompanied by MetS/ diabetes dilemma. © 2019 El-Dawy et al. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Relationships between placental adiponectin, leptin, visfatin and resistin and birthweight in cattle; Adipokines can affect intrauterine development while calf birthweight (CBW) is a breeding standard of calves, which reflects the status of fetal intrauterine development. To explore the correlation between placental adipokines and CBW, 54 healthy Chinese Holstein cows were used in the present study. The cows were grouped according to the CBW of their calves. Placentas were collected immediately after delivery and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction were used to detect the placental expression levels of adiponectin, leptin, visfatin and resistin. Our results show that the mRNA transcription and blood placental content of adiponectin, leptin, visfatin and resistin increased with increasing CBW. The analysis showed that the mRNA transcription levels of placental adiponectin, leptin and resistin were positively correlated with CBW. The mRNA and protein expression levels of adiponectin, leptin and visfatin between the three groups were significantly correlated. Placental resistin mRNA levels correlated positively with adiponectin mRNA, but not leptin or visfatin. The protein expression levels of resistin were significantly positively correlated with those of adiponectin, leptin and visfatin. These results suggest that placental adipokines play important roles in regulating calf intrauterine growth. © 2019 CSIRO.
Identification of coordinately regulated microRNA-gene networks that differ in baboons discordant for LDL-cholesterol; Rationale Plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (plasma LDL-C), vascular endothelial cells and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), particularly monocytes, play key roles in initiating atherosclerosis, the primary cause of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although the mechanisms underlying development of atherosclerosis are not well understood, LDL-C is known to influence expression of endothelial microRNAs (miRNAs) and gene-targets of miRNAs to promote cell senescence. However, the impact of LDL-C on expression of PBMC miRNAs and miRNA targeted genes in response to an atherogenic diet is not known. In this study, we used unbiased methods to identify coordinately responsive PBMC miRNA-gene networks that differ between low and high LDL-C baboons when fed a high-cholesterol, high-fat (HCHF) diet. Methods and results Using RNA Seq, we quantified PBMC mRNAs and miRNAs from half-sib baboons discordant for LDL-C plasma concentrations (low LDL-C, n = 3; high LDL-C, n = 3) before and after a 7-week HCHF diet challenge. For low LDL-C baboons, 626 genes exhibited significant change in expression (255 down-regulated, 371 up-regulated) in response to the HCHF diet, and for high LDL-C baboons 379 genes exhibited significant change in expression (162 down-regulated, 217 up-regulated) in response to the HCHF diet. We identified 494 miRNAs identical to human miRNAs and 47 novel miRNAs. Fifty miRNAs were differentially expressed in low LDL-C baboons (21 up- and 29 down-regulated) and 20 in high LDL-C baboons (11 up- and 9 down-regulated) in response to the HCHF diet. Among the differentially expressed miRNAs were miR-221/222 and miR-34a-3p, which were down-regulated, and miR-148a/b-5p, which was up-regulated. In addition, gene-targets of these miRNAs, VEGFA, MAML3, SPARC, and DMGDH, were inversely expressed and are central hub genes in networks and signaling pathways that differ between low and high LDL-C baboon HCHF diet response. Conclusions We have identified coordinately regulated HCHF diet-responsive PBMC miRNA-gene networks that differ between baboons discordant for LDL-C concentrations. Our findings provide potential insights into molecular mechanisms underlying initiation of atherosclerosis where LDL-C concentrations influence expression of specific miRNAs, which in turn regulate expression of genes that play roles in initiation of lesions. © 2019 Karere et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Troglitazone activates TRPV1 and causes deacetylation of PPARγ in 3T3-L1 cells; Published research suggests that activation of transient receptor potential vanilloid subfamily 1 (TRPV1) enhances the expression and deacetylation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) to cause browning of white adipose tissue. Here, we show that TRPV1 activation by capsaicin significantly prevents high fat diet-induced obesity in mice. This is associated with an increase in the expression and deacetylation of PPARγ in the epididymal fat of these mice. Consistent with the TRPV1 activation in vivo, overexpression of TRPV1 enhanced the PPARγ and other thermogenic genes in cultured 3T3-L1 preadipocytes. To determine the interaction between TRPV1 and PPARγ signaling, we analyzed the effect of Troglitazone (Trog; a thiazolidinedione derivative and an agonist of PAARγ) treatment on cultured 3T3-L1 cells. Trog enhanced the expression of TRPV1, PPARγ and thermogenic proteins in undifferentiated 3T3-L1 cells but not in differentiated cells. Acute application of Trog stimulated a robust Ca2+ influx into 3T3-L1 cells and TRPV1 inhibition by capsazepine prevented this. More interestingly, Trog or capsaicin treatment caused the deacetylation of PPARγ in 3T3-L1 cells and inhibition of TRPV1 or Sirtuin 1 - prevented this. Our data suggest a novel effect of Trog to induce PPARγ deacetylation by activating TRPV1. This research has a significant implication on the role of TRPV1 and PPARγ signaling in the browning of white adipose tissue. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Serum Retinol-binding Protein 4 and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Postmenopausal Women; Background Postmenopausal women are more prone to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD),a disease possibly leads to fatal cardiovascular disease and other metabolic disorders.However,the underlying pathogenesis of NAFLD after menopause is still unclear.Objective To investigate the association of serum retinol-binding protein 4(RBP4) with NAFLD in postmenopausal women.Methods A total of 181 women aged between 37 and 66 years old were recruited from the Health Checkup Department of Affiliated Hangzhou First People's Hospital,Zhejiang University School of Medicine from May to August 2017.They were divided into four groups according to the menopausal status and NAFLD diagnostic results,including premenopausal control group (n=42),premenopausal NAFLD group (n=42),postmenopausal control group (n=36) and postmenopausal NAFLD group (n=61).Serum RBP4 was compared between the groups.Binary Logistic regression analysis was performed to explore the association between serum RBP4 and NAFLD.The diagnostic value of serum RBP4 for NAFLD was investigated by ROC curve and the area under the ROC curve (AUC) analyses.Results The average serum RBP4 level in postmenopausal NAFLD group was significantly higher compared to premenopausal control group and postmenopausal control group(P<0.05).After adjusting for confounding factors,Logistic regression analysis showed that elevated serum RBP4〔OR=1.155,95%CI (1.059,1.260),P<0.05〕 was an independent risk factor for NAFLD in postmenopausal period.The AUC of serum RBP4 for predicting NAFLD in postmenopausal women was 0.841〔95% CI (0.757,0.924)〕,the optimal cut-off value was 25.1 mg/L,with a sensitivity of 0.78 and a specificity of 0.79(P<0.001).Conclusion Elevated serum RBP4 level is positively associated with NAFLD in postmenopausal women.So serum RBP4 level has a good auxiliary diagnostic value for NAFLD in such a population. © 2019 by the Chinese General Practice.
Biological activities and potential application in food industry; Currently, the number of natural products associated with possible health benefits with regard their functional effects are increasing rapidly. Previous studies have indicated that chitooligosaccharides (COS) possess numerous beneficial properties such as antibacterial, anti-diabetic, immunity-enhancing, anti-obesity, and anti-tumor advantages. In this chapter, the protective effects of COS were presented in various models, and their critical underlying molecular mechanisms, as well as their prevention and intervention effects, were summarized. Moreover, COS display significant diversity regarding its utilization in the food industry, and their extraordinary benefits exceed that of chitosan. The advantages presented by COS not only relate to extending the shelf-life of food and retaining its quality but also possess nutraceutical properties that are beneficial in functional daily supplements and food for special medical purposes (FSMP). Based on the current studies, the various and potential application of COS in the food industry was also summarized in this chapter. Furthermore, the limitations derived from the existing research was illustrated, and additional possibilities were considered for the active intervention and development of a new application direction. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.
An untargeted metabolomics approach reveals further insights of Lycium barbarum polysaccharides in high fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats; Lycium barbarum polysaccharide (LBP), as one bioactive macromolecular abstracted from goji berry, has shown an abundance of potential function. The present study aimed to evaluate the metabolic effects of LBP on the urine and liver metabolomics on a high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rat model. After 8 weeks of high-fat diet and streptozotocin induction of diabetes, 24 diabetic rats were randomly allocated to the diabetic control (DC) group, LBP low, moderate, and high dosage (LBP-L, LBP-M, LBP-H) groups and 6 non-diabetic rats were established as the non-diabetic control (NDC) group for 30 days’ intervention. Metabolomics was performed on liver and urine. LBP positively regulated fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin-A1c, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, liver glycogen and SOD levels significantly, as compared to the DC group. Liver metabolomics showed higher levels of myo-inositol and lower levels of L-malic acid, fumaric acid, D-arabitol, L-allothreonine 1, xylitol, O-phosphorylethanolamine, ribitol, 5-methoxytryptamine 2 and digitoxose 2 in the LBP-H group vs. the DC group, which indicates that LBP may regulate the citrate cycle, alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism, glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism. Urine metabolomics showed increased levels of creatinine, D-galacturonic acid 2, 2,3-dihydroxybutyric acid and citric acid, and decreased levels of methylmalonic acid, benzoic acid and xylitol between the LBP-H and DC groups. The present study exhibited the effects of LBP on the urine and liver metabolomics in a high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced rat model, which not only provides a better understanding of the anti-diabetic effects of LBP but also supplies a useful database for further specific mechanism study. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Visfatin Level and the Risk of Hypertension and Cerebrovascular Accident: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; High blood pressure is related with increased cerebrovascular accident. High visfatin / NAMPT(nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase) plasma levels may promote vascular inflammation and atherosclerotic plaque destabilization and have been evaluated as a marker for identifying stages of essential hypertension. However, its role in the pathogenesis of hypertension and cerebrovascular accident (CVA) is still uncertain. In order to review and meta-analyze observational studies investigating visfatin concentration and the risk for hypertension or CVA, a systematic search of PubMed, ovid EMBASE, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) until December 07, 2016 was performed. After data extraction and quality assessment, a meta-analysis was performed using RevMan 5.3 and STATA 14.0. A total of 1693 adults from 8 studies for hypertension (974 with hypertension) and 1696 adults from 7 CVA studies (957 with CVA) were enrolled in the current meta-analysis. Cochran's Q-statistic and I 2 test were applied to estimate the heterogeneity of the studies. The fixed-effects were used to compute the weighted mean difference in visfatin levels. Plasma visfatin concentration was much higher in hypertension and CVA patients than in healthy individuals. These evidences suggested the association of hypertension and CVA with higher plasma visfatin level. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Caenorhabditis elegans and its applicability to studies on restless legs syndrome; Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is a common neurological disorder in the United States. This disorder is characterized by an irresistible urge to move the legs, although the symptoms vary in a wide range. The pathobiology of RLS has been linked to iron (Fe) deficiency and dopaminergic (DAergic) dysfunction. Several genetic factors have been reported to increase the risk of RLS. Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans) is a well-established animal model with a fully sequenced genome, which is highly conserved with mammals. Given the detailed knowledge of its genomic architecture, ease of genetic manipulation and conserved biosynthetic and metabolic pathways, as well as its small size, ease of maintenance, speedy generation time and large brood size, C. elegans provides numerous advantages in studying RLS-associated gene-environment interactions. Here we will review current knowledge about RLS symptoms, pathology and treatments, and discuss the application of C. elegans in RLS study, including the worm homologous genes and methods that could be performed to advance the pathophysiology RLS. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
The effect of vitamin D supplementation on oxidative stress parameters: A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials; Recent studies have shown that vitamin D supplementation beneficially decreases oxidative stress (OS) parameters; however, there is no consensus on this subject. In this systematic review and meta-analysis we aimed to investigate the effect of vitamin D supplementation on OS parameters. We searched electronic databases including Medline, Embase, Scopus, Web of Science and Cochrane Library up to July 2018 without any language restriction. Trials were reviewed using preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) and Cochrane handbook. To compare the effects of vitamin D with placebo, standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were pooled using random effects model. Across thirteen clinical trials, we found that vitamin D supplementation increased serum levels of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (SMD: 0.54 mmol/L, 95% CI: 0.29 to 0.79; I2 = 65.4%, P = 0.001) and glutathione (GSH) (SMD: 0.33; 95% CI: 0.11 to 0.54, P = 0.003; I2 = 61.2%, P = 0.001). Besides, malondialdehyde (MDA) concentration decreased significantly (SMD: -0.40 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.60 to -0.21, P < 0.001) following vitamin D supplementation compared to placebo. However, its effects on nitric oxide (NO) was not significant (0.17, 95% CI: -0.10 to 0.45, I2 = 71.1%, P = 0.21). Finally, we showed that vitamin D supplementation can improve OS parameters; however, this finding may not be clinically significant. Further large prospective clinical trials are needed to confirm the effect of vitamin D supplement on other OS parameters. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Legumes and Oxidative Stress; Legumes contain diverse nutrients and phytochemicals that help the biological system to counteract oxidative stress. Phytochemicals such as tannins and flavonoids have proved to be very effective antioxidants. Conjugated forms of these antioxidants change due to legume processing. Since boiling has been one of the most traditional ways of legume processing, some phytochemicals may leach into cooking water or be altered due to heating. Therefore, legumes have been used as a raw material for the production of antioxidant extracts with proven beneficial effects tested in vitro and in vivo. Proteins and fiber also modulate oxidative stress, due to the release of bioactive peptides or the changes exerted by gut microbiota. One of the most interesting future trends in legume consumption is the germination process that may be designed to enhance the production of bioactive metabolites or modify the protein and peptide profile. Additionally, this process is very helpful to reduce the strong beany flavor of legumes and increase their use as a functional ingredient in foods. © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2019.
Gut dysbiosis, leaky gut, and intestinal epithelial proliferation in neurological disorders: Towards the development of a new therapeutic using amino acids, prebiotics, probiotics, and postbiotics; Here we offer a review of the evidence for a hypothesis that a combination of ingestible probiotics, prebiotics, postbiotics, and amino acids will help ameliorate dysbiosis and degeneration of the gut, and therefore promote restoration of nervous system function in a number of neurological indications. © 2019 De Gruyter. All rights reserved.
"gut Microbiota-circadian clock axis" in deciphering the mechanism linking early-life nutritional environment and abnormal glucose metabolism; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) has been increasing dramatically worldwide, but the pathogenesis is still unknown. A growing amount of evidence suggests that an abnormal developmental environment in early life increases the risk of developing metabolic diseases in adult life, which is referred to as the "metabolic memory" and the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) hypothesis. The mechanism of "metabolic memory" has become a hot topic in the field of DM worldwide and could be a key to understanding the pathogenesis of DM. In recent years, several large cohort studies have shown that shift workers have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and worse control of blood glucose levels. Furthermore, a maternal high-fat diet could lead to metabolic disorders and abnormal expression of clock genes and clock-controlled genes in offspring. Thus, disorders of circadian rhythm might play a pivotal role in glucose metabolic disturbances, especially in terms of early adverse nutritional environments and the development of metabolic diseases in later life. In addition, as a peripheral clock, the gut microbiota has its own circadian rhythm that fluctuates with periodic feeding and has been widely recognized for its significant role in metabolism. In light of the important roles of the gut microbiota and circadian clock in metabolic health and their interconnected regulatory relationship, we propose that the "gut microbiota-circadian clock axis" might be a novel and crucial mechanism to decipher "metabolic memory." The "gut microbiota-circadian clock axis" is expected to facilitate the future development of a novel target for the prevention and intervention of diabetes during the early stage of life. © 2019 Liyuan Zhou et al.
Preclinical models of altered early life nutrition and development of reproductive disorders in female offspring; Early epidemiology studies in humans have and continue to offer valuable insight into the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, which emphasises the importance of early-life nutritional and environmental changes on the increased risk of metabolic and reproductive disease in later life. Human studies are limited and constrained by a range of factors which do not apply to preclinical research. Animal models therefore offer a unique opportunity to fully investigate the mechanisms associated with developmental programming, helping to elucidate the developmental processes which influence reproductive diseases, and highlight potential biomarkers which can be translated back to the human condition. This review covers the use and limitations of a number of animal models frequently utilised in developmental programming investigations, with an emphasis on dietary manipulations which can lead to reproductive dysfunction in offspring. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.
Serum CTRP3 levels in obese children: A potential protective adipokine of obesity, insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β cell function; Purpose: CTRP3 is a novel peptide that has recently emerged as an important regulatory adipokine of obesity and related metabolic disease. Little is known about its role in children. The current study aimed to investigate the potential role of CTRP3 in obese children and explore its relationships with insulin sensitivity, pancreatic β cell function, and obesityrelated markers. Patients and methods: We studied the levels of serum CTRP3 in 48 obese and 36 normal weight pre-puberty children. The levels of blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured, and the values of HOMA-IR, HOMA-β and insulinogenic index were calculated. The correlations of these measurements with CTRP3 levels were analyzed. Results: In this study, we found that CTRP3 serum levels significantly decreased in obese children compared to controls, and insulin resistant obese subjects have lower CTRP3 levels in contrast with the non-insulin resistant obese subjects. Moreover, serum CTRP3 concentrations significantly decreased, while glucose and insulin concentrations significantly increased after a 3 hrs oral glucose tolerance test in obese children. Furthermore, Serum CTRP3 levels correlated negatively and significantly with BMI, triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, fasting insulin, glucose, HOMA-IR, HOMA-β and insulinogenic index in obese children. Conclusion: In summary, serum CTRP3 levels significantly decreased in obese children, and negatively correlated with insulin resistance and pancreatic β cell function indicators. Therefore, CTRP3 may play a protective role in the glucose homeostasis and tightly related to β cell function as well as obesity-related markers in obese children. © 2019 Chen et al.
Integrative analyses of genes associated with subcutaneous insulin resistance; Insulin resistance is present in the majority of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and obesity. In this study, we aimed to investigate the key genes and potential molecular mechanism in insulin resistance. Expression profiles of the genes were extracted from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database. Pathway and Gene Ontology (GO) enrichment analyses were conducted at Enrichr. The protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was settled and analyzed using the Search Tool for the Retrieval of Interacting Genes (STRING) database constructed by Cytoscape software. Modules were extracted and identified by the PEWCC1 plugin. The microRNAs (miRNAs) and transcription factors (TFs) which control the expression of differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were analyzed using the NetworkAnalyst algorithm. A database (GSE73108) was downloaded from the GEO databases. Our results identified 873 DEGs (435 up-regulated and 438 down-regulated) genetically associated with insulin resistance. The pathways which were enriched were pathways in complement and coagulation cascades and complement activation for up-regulated DEGs, while biosynthesis of amino acids and the Notch signaling pathway were among the down-regulated DEGs. Showing GO enrichment were cardiac muscle cell-cardiac muscle cell adhesion and microvillus membrane for up-regulated DEGs and negative regulation of osteoblast differentiation and dendrites for down-regulated DEGs. Subsequently, myosin VB (MYO5B), discs, large homolog 2(DLG2), axin 2 (AXIN2), protein tyrosine kinase 7 (PTK7), Notch homolog 1 (NOTCH1), androgen receptor (AR), cyclin D1 (CCND1) and Rho family GTPase 3 (RND3) were diagnosed as the top hub genes in the up- and down-regulated PPI network and modules. In addition, GATA binding protein 6 (GATA6), ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 5 (ENPP5), cyclin D1 (CCND1) and tubulin, beta 2A (TUBB2A) were diagnosed as the top hub genes in the up- and down-regulated target gene-miRNA network, while tubulin, beta 2A (TUBB2A), olfactomedin-like 1 (OLFML1), prostate adrogen-regulated mucin-like protein 1 (PARM1) and aldehyde dehydrogenase 4 family, member A1 (ALDH4A1)were diagnosed as the top hub genes in the up- and down-regulated target gene-TF network. The current study based on the GEO database provides a novel understanding regarding the mechanism of insulin resistance and may provide novel therapeutic targets. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Exercise alters the molecular pathways of insulin signaling and lipid handling in maternal tissues of obese pregnant mice; Obesity during gestation adversely affects maternal and infant health both during pregnancy and for long afterwards. However, recent work suggests that a period of maternal exercise during pregnancy can improve metabolic health of the obese mother and her offspring. This study aimed to identify the physiological and molecular impact of exercise on the obese mother during pregnancy that may lead to improved metabolic outcomes. To achieve this, a 20-min treadmill exercise intervention was performed 5 days a week in diet-induced obese female mice from 1 week before and up to day 17 of pregnancy. Biometric, biochemical and molecular analyses of maternal tissues and/or plasma were performed on day 19 of pregnancy. We found exercise prevented some of the adverse changes in insulin signaling and lipid metabolic pathways seen in the liver, skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of sedentary-obese pregnant dams (p110β, p110α, AKT, SREBP). Exercise also induced changes in the insulin and lipid signaling pathways in obese dams that were different from those observed in control and sedentary-obese dams. The changes induced by obesity and exercise were tissue-specific and related to alterations in tissue lipid, protein and glycogen content and plasma insulin, leptin and triglyceride concentrations. We conclude that the beneficial effects of exercise on metabolic outcomes in obese mothers may be related to specific molecular signatures in metabolically active maternal tissues during pregnancy. These findings highlight potential metabolic targets for therapeutic intervention and the importance of lifestyle in reducing the burden of the current obesity epidemic on healthcare systems. © 2019 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
A mitochondrial approach to cardiovascular risk and disease; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a leading risk factor for mortality worldwide and the number of CVDs victims is predicted to rise through 2030. While several external parameters (genetic, behavioral, environmental and physiological) contribute to cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; intrinsic metabolic and functional determinants such as insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, inflammation, high blood pressure and dyslipidemia are considered to be dominant factors. Methods: Pubmed searches were performed using different keywords related with mitochondria and cardiovascular disease and risk. In vitro, animal and human results were extracted from the hits obtained. Results: High cardiac energy demand is sustained by mitochondrial ATP production, and abnormal mitochondrial function has been associated with several lifestyle-and aging-related pathologies in the developed world such as diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and kidney diseases, that in turn can lead to cardiac injury. In order to delay cardiac mitochondrial dysfunction in the context of cardiovascular risk, regular physical activity has been shown to improve mitochondrial parameters and myocardial tolerance to ischemia-reperfusion (IR). Furthermore, pharmacological interventions can prevent the risk of CVDs. Therapeutic agents that can target mitochondria, decreasing ROS production and improve its function have been intensively researched. One example is the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ10, which already showed beneficial effects in hypertensive rat models. Carvedilol or antidiabetic drugs also showed protective effects by preventing cardiac mitochondrial oxidative damage. Conclusion: This review highlights the role of mitochondrial dysfunction in CVDs, also show-casing several approaches that act by improving mitochondrial function in the heart, contributing to decrease some of the risk factors associated with CVDs. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers.
Lipid Metabolism Alterations in a Rat Model of Chronic and Intergenerational Exposure to Arsenic; Chronic exposure to arsenic (As), whether directly through the consumption of contaminated drinking water or indirectly through the daily intake of As-contaminated food, is a health threat for more than 150 million people worldwide. Epidemiological studies found an association between chronic consumption of As and several pathologies, the most common being cancer-related disorders. However, As consumption has also been associated with metabolic disorders that could lead to diverse pathologies, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and obesity. Here, we used ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) coupled to electrospray ionization/quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (ESI-QToF) to assess the effect of chronic intergenerational As exposure on the lipid metabolism profiles of serum from 4-month-old Wistar rats exposed to As prenatally and also during early life in drinking water (3 ppm). Significant differences in the levels of certain identified lysophospholipids, phosphatidylcholines, and triglycerides were found between the exposed rats and the control groups, as well as between the sexes. Significantly increased lipid oxidation determined by the malondialdehyde (MDA) method was found in exposed rats compared with controls. Chronic intergenerational As exposure alters the rat lipidome, increases lipid oxidation, and dysregulates metabolic pathways, the factors associated with the chronic inflammation present in different diseases associated with chronic exposure to As (i.e., keratosis, Bowen's disease, and kidney, liver, bladder, and lung cancer). © 2019 Cesar Rivas-Santiago et al.
N-Acetylcysteine alleviates gut dysbiosis and glucose metabolic disorder in high-fat diet-fed mice; Background: N-Acetylcysteine (NAC), an antioxidative reagent for clinical diseases, shows potential in the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases. However, it is unknown how NAC modulates the gut microbiota of mice with metabolic syndrome. The aim of the present study was to demonstrate the preventive effect of NAC on intestinal dysbiosis and glucose metabolic disorder. Methods: Mice (C57BL/6J strain) were fed either a normal chow diet (NCD), NCD plus NAC, a high-fat diet (HFD), or HFD plus NAC for 5 months, after which glucose levels, circulating endotoxins and key metabolism-related proteins were determined. Fecal samples were analyzed by 16S rRNA sequencing. A novel analysis was performed to predict functional changes in gut microbiota. In addition, Spearman's correlation analysis was performed between metabolic biomarkers and bacterial abundance. Results: Treatment with NAC significantly reversed the glucose intolerance, fasting glucose concentrations, and gains in body weight and plasma endotoxin in HFD-fed mice. Further, NAC upregulated occludin and mucin glycoprotein levels in the proximal colon of HFD-treated mice. Noticeably, NAC promoted the growth of beneficial bacteria (i.e. Akkermansia, Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus and Allobaculum) and decreased populations of diabetes-related genera, including Desulfovibrio and Blautia. In addition, NAC may affect the metabolic pathways of intestinal bacteria, including lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis, oxidative stress, and bacterial motility. Finally, the modified gut microbiota was closely associated with the metabolic changes in NAC-treated HFD-fed mice. Conclusions: N-Acetylcysteine may be a potential drug to prevent glucose metabolic disturbances by reshaping the structure of the gut microbiota. © 2018 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Techniques for phenotyping the gut microbiota metabolome; Omics strategies have triggered a revolution in the understanding of the microorganisms that reside in our body, and their implications in health and disease. For diagnosis and therapeutics, metabolomic fingerprinting is the most powerful approach, since the metabolites represent the actual interplay between humans and microbes. Studying the metabolome requires several new high-throughput analytical techniques and innovative computational methodologies. Herein, we will focus on the metabolomics workflow for gut microbiota analysis, including sampling, laboratory procedures, and available analytical techniques, paying special attention to microbiota isolation and multiplatform complementarity. Finally, we will summarize some applications and implications of gut microbiota metabolites in biomarkers discovery and several therapeutic strategies, such as fecal microbiota transplantation and the usage of prebiotics and probiotics. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Visfatin is regulated by interleukin-6 and affected by the PPAR-γ pathway in BeWo cells; Visfatin, an adipocytokine and cytosolic enzyme with nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (Nampt) activity, is involved in the pathogenesis of numerous metabolic disorders. In addition, the nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPAR-γ) serves important roles in anti-inflammatory reactions and regulates glucose and lipid metabolism. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of interleukin-6 (IL-6) on the expression and secretion of visfatin in BeWo cells, and to determine whether the PPAR-γ pathway is involved in the regulation of visfatin by IL-6. Therefore, BeWo cells were stimulated with serial concentrations of IL-6 or pioglitazone, and the expression levels of visfatin and PPAR-γ were determined by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blotting. The results of the present study demonstrated that IL-6 downregulated the mRNA levels of visfatin and PPAR-γ, which were strongly associated. Activation of PPAR-γ by pioglitazone resulted in significantly increased expression of visfatin, which abrogated the inhibitory effect of IL-6 on visfatin in BeWo cells. Furthermore, treatment using pioglitazone alone increased the expression and secretion of the visfatin protein, compared with the control or IL-6 alone group. In summary, the findings of the present study suggested that IL-6 inhibited the expression of visfatin and PPAR-γ at the transcriptional level; in addition, activation of PPAR-γ upregulated visfatin at the mRNA and protein expression levels. Therefore, the PPAR-γ signaling pathway may be involved in the regulation of visfatin by IL-6 in BeWo cells. These results may provide novel insight into the roles of visfatin in trophoblastic cells. Furthermore, thiazolidinedione pioglitazone, by upregulating visfatin expression, may promote the energy metabolism of trophoblastic cells, maintain the function of the placenta and improve the outcome of pregnancy. © Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Insulin resistance in children; Insulin resistance (IR) is a pathological condition strongly associated with obesity. However, corticosteroids or growth hormone therapy and genetic diseases may affect insulin sensitivity lifelong. In obese children and adolescents of any age there is an evident association between IR and an increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and other elements contributing to the metabolic syndrome, leading to a higher cardiovascular risk. Therefore, early diagnosis and interventions in the attempt to prevent T2D when glycemia values are still normal is fundamental. The gold standard technique used to evaluate IR is the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp, however it is costly and difficult to perform in clinical and research sets. Therefore, several surrogate markers have been proposed. Although the treatment of insulin resistance in children is firstly targeted to lifestyle interventions, in selected cases the integration of a pharmacological intervention might be taken into consideration. The aim of this review is to present the current knowledge on IR in children, starting with an outline of the recent evidences about the congenital forms of deficiency in insulin functioning and therefore focusing on the physiopathology of IR, its appropriate measurement, consequences, treatment options and prevention strategies. Copyright © 2019 Tagi, Giannini and Chiarelli.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Hyperandrogenic States; Polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrinopathy of reproductive-aged women. Major clinical manifestations include hirsutism and irregular menstrual bleeding as a result of altered hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian interaction. Metabolic dysfunction is common and includes insulin resistance, lipid abnormalities, and obesity. There is increased risk for diabetes, uterine cancer, and cardiovascular disease. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Poor early growth and age-associated disease; The prevalence of age-associated disease is increasing at a striking rate globally and there is evidence to suggest that the ageing process may actually begin before birth. It has been well-established that the status of both the maternal and early postnatal environments into which an individual is exposed can have huge implications for the risk of developing age-associated disease, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), type-2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity in later life. Therefore, the dissection of underlying molecular mechanisms to explain this phenomenon, known as ‘developmental programming’ is a highly investigated area of research. This book chapter will examine the epidemiological evidence and the animal models of suboptimal maternal and early postnatal environments and will discuss the progress being made in the development of safe and effective intervention strategies which ultimately could target those ‘programmed’ individuals who are known to be at-risk of age-associated disease. © 2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Elevated serum neuregulin 4 levels in patients with hyperthyroidism; Objective: Recent studies have shown that neuregulin 4 (Nrg4), a member of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) family of extracellular ligands, plays an important role in the prevention of obesity, insulin resistance and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Considering that thyroid hormone (TH) has profound effects on whole-body energy metabolism, we speculate that circulating Nrg4 levels might be altered in patients with hyperthyroidism. Design and methods: A total of 129 hyperthyroid patients and 100 healthy subjects were recruited. Of them, 39 hyperthyroid patients received thionamide treatment for 3 months until euthyroidism. Serum Nrg4 levels were determined using the ELISA method. To further confirm the relationship between TH and Nrg4, C57BL/6 mice were treated with T3 and quantitative real-time PCR was performed to detect Nrg4 gene expression. Results: Serum Nrg4 levels were significantly elevated in hyperthyroid patients as compared with normal controls (3.84 ± 1.63 vs 2.21 ± 1.04 ng/mL, P < 0.001). After achieving euthyroidism by thionamide treatment, serum Nrg4 levels dropped markedly from 3.57 ± 1.26 to 1.94 ± 0.72 ng/ml (P < 0.001). After adjustment for potential confounders, serum Nrg4 levels were independently associated with hyperthyroidism. The upregulation of Nrg4 expression in the livers and white adipose tissues by T3 was further confirmed by animal and cell culture experiments. Conclusions: Serum Nrg4 levels were increased in patients with hyperthyroidism. The liver and white adipose tissue might be primary sources contributing to elevated serum Nrg4 concentrations. © 2019 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Two intrauterine programming mechanisms of adult hypercholesterolemia induced by prenatal nicotine exposure in male offspring rats; Epidemiologic studies showed that low birth weight is associated with high cholesterol and an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. This study aimed to elucidate the intrauterine programming mechanisms of adult hypercholesterolemia. The results showed that prenatal nicotine exposure (PNE) caused intrauterine growth retardation and hypercholesterolemia in male adult offspring rats. Hepatic cholesterol synthesis and output were deceased in utero but increased in adults; hepatic reverse cholesterol transport (RCT) persistently deceased before and after birth. Meanwhile, PNE elevated serum corticosterone level and decreased hepatic IGF1 pathway activity in male fetuses, whereas converse changes were observed in male adults. The chronic stress model and cortisol-treated HepG2 cells verified that excessive glucocorticoid (GC)-induced GC-IGF1 axis programming enhanced hepatic cholesterol synthesis and output. In addition, PNE decreased the expression of specific protein 1 and P300 enrichment and H3K27 acetylation at the promoter region of genes responsible for RCT both in fetal and adult, male livers and reduced expression of those genes, similar alterations were also confirmed in cortisol-treated HepG2 cells, suggesting that excessive GC-related programming induced continuous RCT reduction by epigenetic modification. Taken together, the "2-programming" approach discussed above may ultimately contribute to the development of hypercholesterolemia in male adult offspring. © FASEB.
Effect of purslane on blood lipids and glucose: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials;                              Despite a history of purslane usage as a herbal treatment for dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia management, existing evidence from clinical trials is controversial. The aim for the current study was to evaluate the efficacy of purslane supplementation on lipid parameters and glycemic status in adult populations. A systematic review was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar up to January 15, 2018, searching for randomized controlled trials that assessed the impact of purslane on fasting blood glucose (FBG), triglycerides, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Based on the detected heterogeneity between studies, a random- or fixed-effect model was applied in the meta-analysis. The findings from six randomized controlled trials, comprising 352 participants, indicated that purslane can reduce FBG (−4.54 mg/dl, 95% CI [−7.54, −1.53]; I                             2                              = 0.53%) and triglycerides (−19.16 mg/dl, 95% CI [−38.17, −0.15]; I                             2                              = 0%) levels. Changes in TC, LDL-C, and HDL-C concentrations did not reach a statistically significant level. Subgroup analysis showed a favorable effects of purslane on FBG, triglycerides, TC, and LDL-C in a subset of studies in which purslane was administered >1.5 g/day. Categorization based on gender showed that purslane was more effective in improving FBG, TC and LDL-C in females compared with males. This systematic review and meta-analysis suggested that the purslane might be effective on the improvement of blood lipid and glucose levels. Further robust studies with sufficient durations and dosages of supplementation are needed to confirm these results.                          © 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and gestational diabetes; Over the past 30 years, the worldwide prevalence of obesity has nearly doubled. In addition, more and more women in their child-bearing years are overweight or obese, which increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is increasingly accepted by the scientific community that early life exposure to environmental stress influences the long-term health of an individual, which has been termed the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease theory. Evidence from human cohorts and epidemiological and animal studies has shown that maternal obesity and GDM condition the offspring for cardiometabolic disease development. These effects are most likely regulated by epigenetic mechanisms; however, biological sex is an important factor in defining the risk of the development of several metabolic health disorders. The aim of this review is to describe the current evidence from human cohort and animal model studies that implicates sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and GDM. In addition, this review addresses the potential mechanisms involved in these sex differences. In many studies, sex is ignored as an important variable in disease development; however, the results presented in this review highlight important differences between sexes in the developmental programming of biological responses to exposures during the fetal stage. This knowledge will ultimately help in the development of effective therapeutic strategies for the treatment of cardiometabolic diseases that exhibit sexual dimorphism. © 2019, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
New insights into adipokines as potential biomarkers for type-2 diabetes mellitus; A large number of studies have been focused on investigating serum biomarkers associated with risk or diagnosis of type-2 diabetes mellitus. In the last decade, promising studies have shown that circulating levels of adipokines could be used as a relevant biomarker for diabetes mellitus progression as well as therapeutic future targets. Here, we discuss the possible use of recently described adipokines, including apelin, omentin-1, resistin, FGF-21, neuregulin-4 and visfatin, as early biomarkers for diabetes. In addition, we also include recent findings of other well known adipokines such as leptin and adiponectin. In conclusion, further studies are needed to clarify the pathophysiological significance and clinical value of these biological factors as potential biomarkers in type-2 diabetes and related dysfunctions. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers.
Comparison of irisin hormone expression between thyroid cancer tissues and oncocytic variant cells; Objective: The incidence of thyroid cancer has been continuously increasing. The main objective of this study was to investigate irisin expression in various thyroid pathologies and to compare these expression patterns with irisin expression in healthy thyroid tissues. Methods: The study groups consisted of 20 cases each of control thyroid tissue, Hashimoto’s thyroiditis, thyroid papillary carcinoma, oncocytic papillary carcinoma, follicular thyroid carcinoma, oncocytic follicular thyroid carcinoma, medullary thyroid carcinoma, anaplastic thyroid carcinoma. Irisin expression was evaluated using immunohistochemistry. Irisin levels in thyroid tissue supernatants were measured using ELISA. Results: Patients with HT showed increased irisin expression compared with controls (p<0.05). In addition, mild immunoreactivity was observed in the thyroid tissues of patients with papillary carcinoma while significantly increased irisin immunoreactivity was observed tissues of patients with oncocytic papillary carcinoma (p<0.05). There was no difference in irisin immunoreactivity in thyroid tissues between patients with follicular carcinoma and controls. However, irisin immunoreactivity was higher in tissues of patients with oncocytic follicular carcinoma than in tissues of patients with follicular carcinoma (p<0.05). No irisin immunoreactivity was observed in tissues of patients with medullary carcinoma, a malignant tumor the thyroid; however, irisin expression was significantly increased in tissues of patients with anaplastic carcinoma compared with that in tissues of controls (p<0.05). Furthermore, in all thyroid tissues with irisin expression, irisin immunoreactivity was observed in follicular cells, indicating that irisin is produced by these cells. Conclusion: Irisin is a novel potential immunohistochemical marker for differentiating oncocytic variants of papillary and FTCs from papillary and follicular thyroid cancers. © 2019 Ugur et al.
MALAT1 as a diagnostic and therapeutic target in diabetes-related complications: A promising long-noncoding RNA; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications. © Ivyspring International Publisher.
Neighbourhood assets and early pregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors;                              Background: Prepregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors are associated with increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Neighbourhood features may reflect prepregnancy exposures that contribute to poor cardiometabolic health before pregnancy and may contribute to racial disparities in pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Early pregnancy measurements from 1504 women enrolled in the Prenatal Exposures and Preeclampsia Prevention study were linked to a 2000 Census-based measure of neighbourhood socio-economic status and commercial data (food, alcohol, and retail density) during 1997-2001. Multilevel random-intercept linear regression was used to separately estimate the association between levels of neighbourhood assets (low, mid-low, mid-high, high) and C-reactive protein (CRP), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and body mass index (BMI) in cross-sectional analyses. Low neighbourhood assets have high-poverty/low-retail, whereas high neighbourhood assets have low-poverty/high-retail. Models were adjusted for individual-level factors (age and race), and we assessed effect modification by race. Results: Low compared with high neighbourhood assets were associated with higher BMI (β 1.95 kg/m                             2                             , 95% CI 0.89, 3.00), after adjusting for individual-level covariates. After adjusting for BMI and other covariates, low compared with high assets were associated with higher CRP concentrations (β 0.20 ng/mL, 95% CI 0.01, 0.39). Neighbourhood assets were not associated with SBP. Race did not modify the association between neighbourhood assets and cardiometabolic risk factors. Conclusions: Early pregnancy adiposity is related to neighbourhood features independent of individual factors. Further, inflammation beyond accounting for adiposity is related to neighbourhood features. Strategies that address neighbourhood assets during preconception and interconception may be promising approaches to improve prepregnancy health.                          © 2019 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Rapamycin for longevity: Opinion article; From the dawn of civilization, humanity has dreamed of immortality. So why didn't the discovery of the anti-aging properties of mTOR inhibitors change the world forever? I will discuss several reasons, including fear of the actual and fictional side effects of rapamycin, everolimus and other clinically-approved drugs, arguing that no real side effects preclude their use as anti-aging drugs today. Furthermore, the alternative to the reversible (and avoidable) side effects of rapamycin/everolimus are the irreversible (and inevitable) effects of aging: cancer, stroke, infarction, blindness and premature death. I will also discuss why it is more dangerous not to use anti-aging drugs than to use them and how rapamycin-based drug combinations have already been implemented for potential life extension in humans. If you read this article from the very beginning to its end, you may realize that the time is now. © Blagosklonny.
Immunometabolic links between estrogen, adipose tissue and female reproductive metabolism; The current knowledge of sex-dependent differences in adipose tissue biology remains in its infancy and is motivated in part by the desire to understand why menopause is linked to an increased risk of metabolic disease. However, the development and characterization of targeted genetically-modified rodent models are shedding new light on the physiological actions of sex hormones in healthy reproductive metabolism. In this review we consider the need for differentially regulating metabolic flexibility, energy balance, and immunity in a sex-dependent manner. We discuss the recent advances in our understanding of physiological roles of systemic estrogen in regulating sex-dependent adipose tissue distribution, form and function; and in sex-dependent healthy immune function. We also review the decline in protective properties of estrogen signaling in pathophysiological settings such as obesity-related metaflammation and metabolic disease. It is clear that the many physiological actions of estrogen on energy balance, immunity, and immunometabolism together with its dynamic regulation in females make it an excellent candidate for regulating metabolic flexibility in the context of reproductive metabolism. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Epigenetic down-regulation of sirt 1 via DNA methylation and oxidative stress signaling contributes to the gestational diabetes mellitus-induced fetal programming of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype in late life; Rationale: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces fetal programming of adult cardiac dysfunctional phenotype, especially the underlying epigenetic molecular mechanisms and theranostics remain unclear. To address this problem, we developed a late GDM rat model. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation by streptozotocin (STZ). Experiments were conducted in 6 weeks old offspring. Results: There were significant increases in ischemia-induced cardiac infarction and gender-dependent left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in male offspring in GDM group as compared to controls. Exposure to GDM enhanced ROS level and caused a global DNA methylation in offspring cardiomyocytes. GDM attenuated cardiac Sirt 1 protein and p-Akt/Akt levels, but enhanced autophagy-related proteins expression (Atg 5 and LC3 II/LC3 I) as compared to controls. Ex-vivo treatment of DNA methylation inhibitor, 5-Aza directly inhibited Dnmt3A and enhanced Sirt 1 protein expression in fetal hearts. Furthermore, treatment with antioxidant, N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) in offspring reversed GDM-mediated DNA hypermethylation, Sirt1 repression and autophagy-related gene protein overexpression in the hearts, and rescued GDM-induced deterioration in heart ischemic injury and LV dysfunction. Conclusion: Our data indicated that exposure to GDM induced offspring cardiac oxidative stress and DNA hypermethylation, resulting in an epigenetic down-regulation of Sirt1 gene and aberrant development of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype, which suggests that Sirt 1-mediated signaling is the potential therapeutic target for the heart ischemic disease in offspring. © Ivyspring International Publisher.
Unraveling the regulation of hepatic gluconeogenesis; Hepatic gluconeogenesis, de novo glucose synthesis from available precursors, plays a crucial role in maintaining glucose homeostasis to meet energy demands during prolonged starvation in animals. The abnormally increased rate of hepatic gluconeogenesis contributes to hyperglycemia in diabetes. Gluconeogenesis is regulated on multiple levels, such as hormonal secretion, gene transcription, and posttranslational modification. We review here the molecular mechanisms underlying the transcriptional regulation of gluconeogenesis in response to nutritional and hormonal changes. The nutrient state determines the hormone release, which instigates the signaling cascades in the liver to modulate the activities of various transcriptional factors through various post-translational modifications like phosphorylation, methylation, and acetylation. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) can mediate the activities of some transcription factors, however its role in the regulation of gluconeogenesis remains uncertain. Metformin, a primary hypoglycemic agent of type 2 diabetes, ameliorates hyperglycemia predominantly through suppression of hepatic gluconeogenesis. Several molecular mechanisms have been proposed to be metformin's mode of action. © 2007 - 2019 Frontiers Media S.A. All Rights Reserved.
Effects of Uric Acid on Diabetes Mellitus and Its Chronic Complications; With the deepening of the researches on uric acid, especially in the study of metabolic diseases, uric acid has been found to be closely related to obesity, metabolic syndrome, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, diabetes, and other metabolic diseases. Uric acid causes a series of pathophysiological changes through inflammation, oxidative stress, vascular endothelial injury, and so on and thus subsequently promotes the occurrence and development of diseases. This review confirmed the positive correlation between uric acid and diabetes mellitus and its chronic complications through the pathogenesis and clinical studies aspects. © 2019 Qing Xiong et al.
Thyroid Dysfunction and Diabetes Mellitus: Two Closely Associated Disorders; Thyroid dysfunction and diabetes mellitus are closely linked. Several studies have documented the increased prevalence of thyroid disorders in patients with diabetes mellitus and vice versa. This review critically discusses the different underlying mechanisms linking type 1 and 2 diabetes and thyroid dysfunction to demonstrate that the association of these two common disorders is unlikely a simple coincidence. We assess the current state of knowledge on the central and peripheral control of thyroid hormone on food intake and glucose and lipid metabolism in target tissues (such as liver, white and brown adipose tissue, pancreatic β cells, and skeletal muscle) to explain the mechanism linking overt and subclinical hypothyroidism to type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. We also elucidate the common susceptibility genes and the pathogenetic mechanisms contributing to the autoimmune mechanism involved in the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus and autoimmune thyroid disorders. An untreated thyroid dysfunction can impair the metabolic control of diabetic patients, and this association can have important repercussions on the outcome of both of these disorders. Therefore, we offer recommendations for the diagnosis, management, and screening of thyroid disorders in patients with diabetes mellitus, including the treatment of diabetic patients planning a pregnancy. We also discuss the major causes of failure to achieve an optimal management of thyroid dysfunction in diabetic patients and provide recommendations for assessing and treating these disorders during therapy with antidiabetic drugs. An algorithm for a correct approach of these disorders when linked is also provided. © 2019.
Multiple pregnancies; During the last two decades there has been a considerable rise in multiple pregnancies, a high-risk collective, due to increased maternal age and the use of medical fertility treatment measures. A correct dating of pregnancy, determination of the number of fetuses (upwards from 7 gestational weeks, GW) and assessment of the chorionicity/amnionicity in the first trimester (ideally between 8 and 10 GW) are essential for further monitoring of multiple pregnancies in collaboration with or at a perinatal center. Nuchal translucency measurement by ultrasound (US, 11–13 GW) and the analysis of cell-free DNA in maternal blood should be performed to screen for fetal aneuploidy. A low-dose treatment with acetylsalicylic acid initiated from 12 GW onwards should be considered to reduce the risk for preeclampsia. A screening for fetal malformations should be offered at approximately 20 GW. Measurement of the length of the cervix between 22–24 GW helps to assess the risk for preterm birth and to initiate a treatment with progesterone. In a monochorionic multiple pregnancy US control examinations should be performed at least every 2 weeks after 16 GW and in uncomplicated dichorionic pregnancies at least every 3–4 weeks to check fetal growth. © 2018, Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in gestational diabetes mellitus: A mini-review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy, but not to the level of being diagnostic for diabetes in a nonpregnant adult. In GDM, whole-body insulin-dependent glucose disposal decreases by 40%-60% which necessitates a 200%-250% increase in insulin secretion to maintain normoglycaemia. GDM develops when a pregnant woman does not produce sufficient insulin to compensate for the reduced glucose disposal. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a hormone that is expressed predominantly in the liver, but also in other metabolically active tissues such as pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In animals, FGF21 lowers blood glucose levels and inhibits glucagon secretion. In humans, circulating FGF21 levels are increased in insulin-resistant morbidities such as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). An elevated FGF21 level is also an independent predictor of T2DM. GDM and T2DM are proposed to have similar underlying pathophysiologies, raising the question of whether a similar relationship exists between FGF21 and GDM as it does with T2DM. There are a limited number of studies investigating FGF21 levels in patients with GDM. Moreover, recent clinical trials investigating the therapeutic potential of FGF21 have highlighted a major gap in our understanding of the biology of FGF21. This review evaluates what is currently known about FGF21 and GDM and highlights important gaps that warrant further research. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Biomarkers in stress related diseases/disorders: Diagnostic, prognostic, and therapeutic values; Various internal and external factors negatively affect the homeostatic equilibrium of organisms at the molecular to the whole-body level, inducing the so-called state of stress. Stress affects an organism’s welfare status and induces energy-consuming mechanisms to combat the subsequent ill effects; thus, the individual may be immunocompromised, making them vulnerable to pathogens. The information presented here has been extensively reviewed, compiled, and analyzed from authenticated published resources available on Medline, PubMed, PubMed Central, Science Direct, and other scientific databases. Stress levels can be monitored by the quantitative and qualitative measurement of biomarkers. Potential markers of stress include thermal stress markers, such as heat shock proteins (HSPs), innate immune markers, such as Acute Phase Proteins (APPs), oxidative stress markers, and chemical secretions in the saliva and urine. In addition, stress biomarkers also play critical roles in the prognosis of stress-related diseases and disorders, and therapy guidance. Moreover, different components have been identified as potent mediators of cardiovascular, central nervous system, hepatic, and nephrological disorders, which can also be employed to evaluate these conditions precisely, but with stringent validation and specificity. Considerable scientific advances have been made in the detection, quantitation, and application of these biomarkers. The present review describes the current progress of identifying biomarkers, their prognostic, and therapeutic values. © 2019 Dhama, Latheef, Dadar, Samad, Munjal, Khandia, Karthik, Tiwari, Yatoo, Bhatt, Chakraborty, Singh, Iqbal, Chaicumpa and Joshi.
Non-cholesterol sterol concentrations as biomarkers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis in different metabolic disorders: A systematic review; Non-cholesterol sterols are validated biomarkers for intestinal cholesterol absorption and endogenous cholesterol synthesis. However, their use in metabolic disturbances has not been systematically explored. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review to provide an overview of non-cholesterol sterols as markers for cholesterol metabolism in different metabolic disorders. Potentially relevant studies were retrieved by a systematic search of three databases in July 2018 and ninety-four human studies were included. Cholesterol-standardized levels of campesterol, sitosterol and cholestanol were collected to reflect cholesterol absorption and those of lathosterol and desmosterol to reflect cholesterol synthesis. Their use as biomarkers was examined in the following metabolic disorders: overweight/obesity (n = 16), diabetes mellitus (n = 15), metabolic syndrome (n = 5), hyperlipidemia (n = 11), cardiovascular disease (n = 17), and diseases related to intestine (n = 16), liver (n = 22) or kidney (n = 2). In general, markers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis displayed reciprocal patterns, showing that cholesterol metabolism is tightly regulated by the interplay of intestinal absorption and endogenous synthesis. Distinctive patterns for cholesterol absorption or cholesterol synthesis could be identified, suggesting that metabolic disorders can be classified as ‘cholesterol absorbers or cholesterol synthesizers’. Future studies should be performed to confirm or refute these findings and to examine whether this information can be used for targeted (dietary) interventions. © 2019, MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Transgenerational impact of maternal obesogenic diet on offspring bile acid homeostasis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Studies show maternal obesity is a risk factor for metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Here we evaluated potential mechanisms underlying these phenotypes. Female C57Bl6 mice were fed chow or an obesogenic high-fat/high-sucrose (HF/HS) diet with subsequent mating of F1 and F2 female offspring to lean males to develop F2 and F3 generations, respectively. Offspring were fed chow or fibrogenic (high transfat, cholesterol, fructose) diets, and histopathological, metabolic changes, and bile acid (BA) homeostasis was evaluated. Chow-fed F1 offspring from maternal HF/HS lineages (HF/HS) developed periportal fibrosis and inflammation with aging, without differences in hepatic steatosis but increased BA pool size and shifts in BA composition. F1, but not F2 or F3, offspring from HF/HS showed increased steatosis on a fibrogenic diet, yet inflammation and fibrosis were paradoxically decreased in F1 offspring, a trend continued in F2 and F3 offspring. HF/HS feeding leads to increased periportal fibrosis and inflammation in chow-fed offspring without increased hepatic steatosis. By contrast, fibrogenic diet-fed F1 offspring from HF/HS dams exhibited worse hepatic steatosis but decreased inflammation and fibrosis. These findings highlight complex adaptations in NAFLD phenotypes with maternal diet. © 2019 the American Physiological Society.
Predictive values of serum uric acid and Alanine-aminotransferase for fatty liver index in Montenegrin population; Alanine-aminotransferase (ALT) and uric acid cut-off levels used in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) diagnosis are advised to be lowered. Due to contradictory results on the utility of both these biomarkers for NAFLD screening, we aimed to determine their cut-off levels that can be applied to Montenegrin population with the fatty liver disease. A total of 771 volunteers were enrolled. A fatty liver index (FLI) score ≥60 was used as proxy of NAFLD. The receiver operating characteristic curve analysis with the area under the curve (AUC) was used to determine the cut-off values of ALT and uric acid associated with FLI ≥60. ALT was independent predictor of FLI in both men and women, whereas serum uric acid was its independent predictor only in women. Lower cut-off levels of ALT are associated with the increased prevalence of NAFLD [i.e., ALT was 19 IU/L (AUC=0.746, sensitivity 63%, specificity 72%, P<0.001) in women and 22 IU/L (AUC=0.804, sensitivity 61%, specificity 95%, P<0.001) in men]. The cut-off value for uric acid was 274 μmol/L (AUC=0.821, sensitivity 68%, specificity 82%, P<0.001) in women. Lower cut-off levels of ALT in both genders, and serum uric acid in females, can be reliable predictors of the FLI. © 2019 Aleksandra Klisic, Nebojsa Kavaric, Ana Ninic, published by Sciendo.
Normalizing adiponectin levels in obese pregnant mice prevents adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring; Infants of obese mothers have an increased risk of developing obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. The underlying mechanisms remain elusive, and no effective interventions to limit the transmission of metabolic disease from the obese mother to her infant are currently available. Obese pregnant women have decreased circulating levels of adiponectin, which is associated with increased placental nutrient transport and fetal overgrowth. We have reported that normalization of adiponectin levels during late gestation reversed placental dysfunction and fetal overgrowth in a mouse model of maternal obesity in pregnancy. In the current study, we hypothesized that adiponectin supplementation during pregnancy in obesemice attenuates the adversemetabolic outcomes in adult offspring. Adult male offspring of obese mice developed obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance, with adult female offspring of obesemicehaving a lesspronouncedmetabolic phenotype.Thesemetabolic abnormalities in offspring born to obese mice were largely prevented by normalization of maternal adiponectin levels in late pregnancy.We provide evidence that lowcirculatingmaternal adiponectin is a criticalmechanistic link between maternal obesity and the development of metabolic disease in offspring. Strategies aimed at improving maternal adiponectin levelsmayprevent long-termmetabolic dysfunction inoffspring of obesemothers. © 2019 FASEB.
Beneficial effect of maternal olive oil supplementation on lipid profile and redox status in offspring of obese rats; Maternal nutrition is an easily modifiable environmental factor that can affect fetal growth and development with potential long-term consequences. The search for new treatments based on medicinal plants has turned to find the beneficial effects of olive oil on the pathogenesis of maternal obesity. Here, we studied whether maternal supplementation with olive oil influences plasma and tissues lipid profile and oxidant/antioxidant status later in life. Female Wistar rats were fed control or cafeteria food, which was either supplemented or not with olive oil (5%) for 2 months before and during gestation. Pregnant rats and their offspring were also fed on similar diet. At the end of the procedure, biochemical parameters and oxidative stress (OS) markers were analyzed in offspring at 30 days and 90 days. Our results show that the cafeteria diet induced obesity with accumulation of adipose tissue lipids, associated with various metabolic disorders (plasma and tissue hyperlipidemia) and increased OS in offspring. Olive oil supplementation induced a modulation of OS, improving metabolic status. In conclusion, maternal olive oil supplementation displayed remarkable health benefits and can be a strategy against obesity and its complications in offspring in the long term. © Lavoisier SAS 2017.
Antidiabetic potential of flavonoids from traditional Chinese medicine: A review; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a group of metabolic disorders in which high blood sugar levels occur over a prolonged period. Approximately 4% of the global population is affected by DM. Western medical treatment methods for diabetes including injection or oral hypoglycemic drugs have some toxic or side effects, economic pressures, and so on. Many researchers turn to discover new drugs from natural products or Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Flavonoids are widely distributed in plants, and many studies have shown that flavonoids possess antidiabetic properties, exhibiting not only well-recognized antidiabetic and hypoglycemic activities but also activity in the treatment of diabetic complications. In this review, we systematically summarized anti-diabetic flavonoid compounds based on structure classification by examining the PubMed, Springer Link, Web of Science, and CNKI databases. There are 13 flavonoid compounds listed which have been studied extensively and have antidiabetic features respectively. Apigenin, baicalein, and catechin mainly reduces blood glucose via anti-oxidation; hesperidin is good for diabetic neuropathy; glycyrrhiza flavonoids have a significant effect on gestational DM; quercetin takes advantage of crossing the blood-brain barrier and improving renal function. Some compounds have protective and preventive effects on diabetic complications, such as kaempferol and puerarin which are beneficial to cardiomyopathy; myricetin has therapeutic potential in the treatment of DN; dihydromyricetin might improve CI. It is a pity or might be a pointcut that most studies remain in the animal experimental stage, and further investigation should be carried out. © 2019 The Author(s).
Emerging roles of NPQ/Spexin in physiology and pathology; Spexin (SPX), also called neuropeptide Q (NPQ), is a novel endogenous neuropeptide. Spexin gene and protein are widely expressed in central nervous system and peripheral tissues in humans, rodents, goldfish, etc. A few of physiological and pathological roles of spexin are gradually emerged recently. This article summarized the roles of spexin in feeding behavior, gastrointestinal motility, obesity, diabetes, energy metabolism, endocrine, mental diseases, and cardiovascular function. Given the broad roles of spexin, this neuropeptide has attracted much interest from investigators and will be as a promising future target for novel therapeutic research and drug design. © 2007 - 2019 Frontiers Media S.A. All Rights Reserved.
Mild maternal hyperglycemia in INSC93S transgenic pigs causes impaired glucose tolerance and metabolic alterations in neonatal offspring; Alongside the obesity epidemic, the prevalence of maternal diabetes is rising worldwide, and adverse effects on fetal development and metabolic disturbances in the offspring's later life have been described. To clarify whether metabolic programming effects are due to mild maternal hyperglycemia without confounding obesity, we investigated wild-type offspring of INSC93S transgenic pigs, which are a novel genetically modified large-animal model expressing mutant insulin (INS) C93S in pancreatic β-cells. This mutation results in impaired glucose tolerance, mild fasting hyperglycemia and insulin resistance during late pregnancy. Compared with offspring from wild-type sows, piglets from hyperglycemic mothers showed impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance (homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance: +3-fold in males; +4.4-fold in females) prior to colostrum uptake. Targeted metabolomics in the fasting and insulin-stimulated state revealed distinct alterations in the plasma metabolic profile of piglets from hyperglycemic mothers. They showed increased levels of acylcarnitines, gluconeogenic precursors such as alanine, phospholipids (in particular lysophosphatidylcholines) and α-aminoadipic acid, a potential biomarker for type 2 diabetes. These observations indicate that mild gestational hyperglycemia can cause impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and associated metabolic alterations in neonatal offspring of a large-animal model born at a developmental maturation status comparable to human babies. © 2019. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd.
The structures and biological functions of polysaccharides from traditional Chinese herbs; Most of traditional Chinese medicine substances come from herbal plants. The medicinal quality of herbal plants varies with the locations of cultivation, the parts of the herb collected, the season of the herb collected, and the herb processing method. Polysaccharides are major components of the herb plants and their biosynthesis is partly controlled by the genes but mostly influenced by the availability of the nutrition and determined by the various environmental factors. In recent decades, polysaccharides isolated from different kinds of Chinese herbs have received much attention due to their important biological activities, such as anti-tumor, anti-oxidant, anti-diabetic, radiation protecting, antiviral, hypolipidemic, and immunomodulatory activities. Interestingly, different batches of the same herb can obtain different polysaccharide fractions with subtle differences in molecular weight, monosaccharide compositions, glycosidic linkages, and biological functions. Even with these variations, a large number of bioactive polysaccharides from different kinds of traditional Chinese herbs have been purified, characterized, and reported. This review provides a comprehensive summary of the latest polysaccharide extraction methods and the strategies used for monosaccharide compositional analysis plus polysaccharide structural characterization. Most importantly, the reported chemical characteristics and biological activities of the polysaccharides from the famous traditional Chinese herbs including Astragalus membranaceus, Ginseng, Lycium barbarum, Angelica sinensis, Cordyceps sinensis, and Ophiopogon japonicus will be reviewed and discussed. The published studies provide evidence that polysaccharides from traditional Chinese herbs play an important role in their medical applications, which forms the basis for future research, development, and application of these polysaccharides as functional foods and therapeutics in modern medicine. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Evolution of structural and functional diversity of spexin in mammalian and non-mammalian vertebrate species; Spexin (SPX) is a novel neuropeptide, which was first identified in the human genome using bioinformatics. Since then, orthologs of human SPX have been identified in mammalian and non-mammalian vertebrates. The mature sequence of SPX, NWTPQAMLYLKGAQ, is evolutionally conserved across vertebrate species, with some variations in teleost species where Ala at position 13 is substituted by Thr. In mammals, the gene structure of SPX comprises six exons and five introns, however, variation exists within non-mammalian species, goldfish and zebrafish having five exons while grouper has six exons. Phylogenetic and synteny analysis, reveal that SPX is grouped together with two neuropeptides, kisspeptin (KISS) and galanin (GAL) as a family of peptides with a common evolutionary ancestor. A paralog of SPX, termed SPX2 has been identified in non-mammalians but not in the mammalian genome. Ligand-receptor interaction study also shows that SPX acts as a ligand for GAL receptor 2 (2a and 2b in non-mammalian vertebrates) and 3. SPX acts as a neuromodulator with multiple central and peripheral physiological roles in the regulation of insulin release, fat metabolism, feeding behavior, and reproduction. Collectively, this review provides a comprehensive overview of the evolutionary diversity as well as molecular and physiological roles of SPX in mammalian and non-mammalian vertebrate species. Copyright © 2019 Lim, Lee, Soga and Parhar.
A thorough analysis of diabetes research in China from 1995 to 2015: current scenario and future scope; The prevalence of diabetes has increased dramatically over the past three decades, and currently, China has the largest number of diabetics worldwide; this number continues to grow and puts ongoing strains on the medical resources. In this review, we reviewed the diabetes research conducted in China from 1995 to 2015 with the aim of providing new insights regarding the current status and future perspectives for researchers, diabetes health providers, and respective policy-makers. Remarkable progress has been made in diabetes research in China during the past two decades in terms of both the quantity and publication influence. The progress, however, struggles to adequately manage diabetes in China. Here we addressed opportunities to strengthen researches, including new drug development, high quality studies on health economics, and healthcare quality improvement studies. As the expected wave of diabetic complications is upcoming and overwhelming, we therefore recommend that immediate improvements are required to implement the researches regarding their prevention and treatment. © 2018, Science China Press and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The Intervention Effect of Traditional Chinese Medicine on the Intestinal Flora and Its Metabolites in Glycolipid Metabolic Disorders; Metabolic syndrome (MS), which includes metabolic disorders such as protein disorder, glucose disorder, lipid disorder, and carbohydrate disorder, has been growing rapidly around the world. Glycolipid disorders are a main type of metabolic syndrome and are characterized by abdominal obesity and abnormal metabolic disorders of lipid, glucose, and carbohydrate utilization, which can cause cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Glycolipid disorders are closely related to intestinal flora and its metabolites. However, studies about the biological mechanisms of the intestinal flora and its metabolites with glycolipid disorders have not been clear. When glycolipid disorders are treated with drugs, a challenging problem is side effects. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) and dietary supplements have fewer side effects to treat it. Numerous basic and clinical studies have confirmed that TCM decoctions, Chinese medicine monomers, or compounds can treat glycolipid disorders and reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease. In this study, we reviewed the relationship between the intestinal flora and its metabolites in glycolipid metabolic disorders and the effect of TCM in treating glycolipid metabolic disorders through the intestinal flora and its metabolites. This review provides new perspectives and strategies for future glycolipid disorders research and treatment. © 2019 Sha Di et al.
"Beige" cross talk between the immune system and metabolism; With thymic senescence the epithelial network shrinks to be replaced by adipose tissue. Transcription factor TBX-1 controls thymus organogenesis, however, the same TBX-1 has also been reported to orchestrate beige adipose tissue development. Given these different roles of TBX-1, we have assessed if thymic TBX-1 expression persists and demonstrates this dualism during adulthood. We have also checked whether thymic adipose involution could yield beige adipose tissue. We have used adult mouse and human thymus tissue from various ages to evaluate the kinetics of TBX-1 expression, as well as mouse (TEP1) and human (1889c) thymic epithelial cells (TECs) for our studies. Electron micrographs show multi-locular lipid deposits typical of beige adipose cells. Histology staining shows the accumulation of neutral lipid deposits. qPCR measurements show persistent and/or elevating levels of beige-specific and beige-indicative markers (TBX-1, EAR-2, UCP-1, PPAR-gamma). We have performed miRNome profiling using qPCR-based QuantStudio platform and amplification-free NanoString platform. We have observed characteristic alterations, including increased miR21 level (promoting adipose tissue development) and decreased miR34a level (bias toward beige adipose tissue differentiation). Finally, using the Seahorse metabolic platform we have recorded a metabolic profile (OCR/ECAR ratio) indicative of beige adipose tissue. In summary, our results support that thymic adipose tissue emerging with senescence is bona fide beige adipose tissue. Our data show how the borders blur between a key immune tissue (the thymus) and a key metabolic tissue (beige adipose tissue) with senescence. Our work contributes to the understanding of cross talk between the immune system and metabolism. Copyright © 2019 Banfai, Ernszt, Pap, Bai, Garai, Belharazem, Pongracz and Kvell.
Transgenerational Obesity and Alteration of ARHGEF11 in the Rat Liver Induced by Intrauterine Hyperglycemia; It is understood that intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of obesity and diabetes in offspring of consecutive generations but its mechanisms remain obscure. This study is aimed at establishing an intrauterine hyperglycemia rat model to investigate the growth and glycolipid metabolic characteristics in transgenerational offspring and discuss the effects of Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor 11 (ARHGEF11) and the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in offspring development. The severe intrauterine hyperglycemia rat model was caused by STZ injection before mating, while offspring development and glycolipid metabolism were observed for the following two generations. The expression of ARHGEF11, ROCK1, PI3K, and AKT was tested in the liver and muscle tissue of F2 offspring. The results showed severe growth restriction in F1 offspring and obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance in female F2 offspring, especially the offspring of female intrauterine hyperglycemia-exposed parents (F2G♀C♂) and both (F2G♀G♂). The expression of ARHGEF11 and ROCK1 was significantly elevated; PI3K and phosphorylation of AKT were significantly decreased in liver tissues of F2G♀C♂ and F2G♀G♂. Our study revealed that intrauterine hyperglycemia could cause obesity and abnormal glycolipid metabolism in female transgenerational offspring; the programming effect of the intrauterine environment could cause a more obvious phenotype in the maternal line. Further exploration suggested that increased expression of ARHGEF11 and ROCK1 and the decreased expression of PI3K and phosphorylation of AKT in the liver could be responsible for the abnormal development in F2 offspring. © 2019 Wanyi Zhang et al.
Resistin in Human Seminal Plasma: Relationship with Lipid Peroxidation, CAT Activity, GSH/GSSG Ratio, and Semen Parameters; Resistin is an adipokine involved in inflammation and able to induce the expression of other proinflammatory cytokines. It is known that, in human semen, resistin is correlated with inflammatory cytokines and sperm quality. The aim of this prospective study was to explore the potential relationship between resistin, lipid peroxidation (LPO), catalase (CAT) activity, and reduced and oxidized glutathione (GSH/GSSG) ratio in semen samples of infertile patients with leukocytospermia (no. 19), infertile patients with varicocele (no. 17), and fertile men (no. 17). Semen analysis was performed following the WHO guidelines, and sperm apoptosis and necrosis were evaluated with annexin V/propidium iodide assay. Seminal plasma samples were used to determine resistin levels by an immunological method, MDA concentration by a HPLC analysis with UV detection, GSH/GSSG ratio by an enzymatic method, CAT activity by a spectrophotometric method. The results showed that, in both groups of infertile patients, semen parameters were significantly reduced (P<0.001) and sperm apoptosis and necrosis percentages were increased. Resistin levels were significantly higher in leukocytospermia and varicocele groups (P<0.001 and P<0.01, respectively) as well as MDA concentration (P<0.001) compared to controls. The MDA level was also significantly increased in the leukocytospermia group versus the varicocele group (P<0.05). The GSH/GSSG ratio was higher in fertile controls than the leukocytospermia group (P<0.05) and the varicocele group (P<0.001) and in the leukocytospermia group versus the varicocele group (P<0.05). Both the leukocytospermia and varicocele groups showed increased values of CAT activities (P<0.001) than controls. Briefly, the correlation between variables, calculated in the whole patient population, showed that resistin levels positively correlated with MDA levels, CAT activity, sperm apoptosis, and necrosis and negatively with sperm parameters and GSH/GSSG ratio. These results support an active role of resistin in an inflammatory process causing LPO, increase of CAT activity, and decrease of GSH/GSSG ratio in seminal plasma of infertile men vs. fertile controls. © 2019 Elena Moretti et al.
Diurnal variation of sitagliptin-induced pharmacological effects in C57BL/6J mice; Chronopharmacology is the study of the varying responses of drugs to changes in biological timing and endogenous periodicities. The dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor sitagliptin is a globally prescribed anti-hyperglycemic drug. Although dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors are usually administered once, the specific intake time is generally not mentioned. Therefore, this study aimed at investigating the diurnal effects of sitagliptin-induced anti-hyperglycemia in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity in mice. Five-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were fed normal (control) diet or HFD for 10 weeks. During the last 2 weeks, the mice were administered saline or sitagliptin (10mg/kg, per os) in the light or dark phase, respectively. At the end of the experiment, the mice were euthanized after an 18h fasting period, and plasma and tissue samples (liver, kidney, and epididymal white adipose tissues) were collected, or the oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Sitagliptin administration in the light phase significantly decreased plasma glucose levels, insulin levels, hepatic steatosis, and restored the glucose tolerance compared with the HFD group. In contrast, these parameters remained unchanged in the dark phase-treated mice. Our data therefore suggests that sitagliptin portrays definite chronopharmacology, which may provide valuable information on the importance of drug administration timing for maximum pharmacological effects. © 2019 The Pharmaceutical Society of Japan
Transcriptional regulation of early growth response gene-1 (EGR1) is associated with progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in patients with insulin resistance; Background: The occurrence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely related to type 2 diabetes, especially in patients with insulin resistance. The purpose of this research was to elucidate the major genes and transcriptional regulation of insulin resistance in the progression of NAFLD. Material/Methods: We downloaded the gene expression matrix of GSE89632 from Gene Expression Omnibus. Then the principal component analysis was used to identify whether the samples were clustered. Differentially expressed genes were identified by limma R package. Enrichment analysis and protein‑protein interaction network was used to find potential function and screening hub genes. We further used ChIP-seq data from ENCODE to predict the transcriptional regulation of hub genes. Finally, we verified the functions of hub genes with clinical information. Results: These hub genes were significantly enriched in “response to insulin”, “response to glucose”, and “fat cell differentiation”. ChIP-seq data showed that EGR1 (early growth response gene-1) may play an important role in the transcriptional regulation of SOCS1 (suppressor of cytokine signaling 1), SOCS3 (suppressor of cytokine signaling 3), and Fos gene family in the liver, as the low expression of EGR1 in patients with insulin resistance may promote the occurrence and development of NAFLD. Similarly, correlation analysis showed that EGR1 was positively correlated with the expression of SOCS1, SOCS3, and the genes of Fos gene family, and EGR1 was negatively correlated with the degree of steatosis. Conclusions: Newly identified hub genes and their transcriptional regulation may promote understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying insulin resistance related to the progression of NAFLD and provide a new therapy target and biomarkers. © 2019, International Scientific Information, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Maternal genistein intake mitigates the deleterious effects of high-fat diet on glucose and lipid metabolism and modulates gut microbiota in adult life of Male mice; Adverse early-life exposures program increased risk of chronic metabolic diseases in adulthood. However, the effects of genistein supplementation in early life on metabolic health in later life are largely unclear. Our objective was to investigate whether maternal genistein intake could mitigate the deleterious influence of a maternal high-fat diet on glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring and to explore the role of gut microbiota in mediating the transgenerational effects. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a high-fat diet (HF), high-fat diet with genistein (0.6 g/kg diet) (HFG) or normal control diet (C) for 3 weeks before pregnancy and throughout pregnancy and lactation. The male offspring had ad libitum access to normal chow diet from weaning to 24 weeks of age. Then the content of inguinal subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and epididymal visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were weighed. Glucose tolerance test (GTT), the level of serum insulin and lipid profiles were analyzed. The caecal contents were collected for 16S rDNA sequencing. The results showed that maternal genistein intake could significantly reduce blood glucose levels during GTT, fasting insulin levels, VAT mass and serum triglyceride levels as well as increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in adult male offspring. Significant decrease of germs from the Tenericutes phylum and enrichment of Rikenella as well as SCFA (short-chain fatty acid)-producing bacteria, including Alloprevotella, Odoribacter, and Clostridium XlVa, in offspring of genistein fed dams might play crucial roles in the improvement of glucose and lipid metabolism. Overall, early-life genistein intake attenuated the harmful effects of maternal HF on metabolism in adult offspring and the protective effects were associated with the alterations in gut microbiota, which provides new evidence and targets for mitigate the poor effects of adverse early-life exposures on metabolic health in later life. Copyright © 2019 Zhou, Xiao, Zhang, Zheng and Deng. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY). The use, distribution or reproduction in other forums is permitted, provided the original author(s) and the copyright owner(s) are credited and that the original publication in this journal is cited, in accordance with accepted academic practice. No use, distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms.
Innate Immunity and Obesity - Role of Nod-Like Receptors (NLR); It is generally assumed that the comorbidities associated with obesity, in particular the metabolic syndrome, are triggered by low-grade inflammatory reactions, especially in adipose tissue. In mouse models, the release of proinflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β) and the imprinting of immune cells into a pro-inflammatory phenotype in adipose tissue play important roles. However, the underlying genetic and molecular determinants are hitherto not well understood. A number of recent studies revealed that proteins of the Nod-like-receptor (NLR) family play important roles in the development and control of obesity and obesity-associated inflammatory reactions. Here we review the current state of research in this area and discuss open questions about the relevance of this data for understanding the development of obesity and metabolic syndrome in humans. © 2019 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Epigenetic mechanisms of maternal dietary protein and amino acids affecting growth and development of offspring; Nutrients can regulate metabolic activities of living organisms through epigenetic mechanisms, including DNA methylation, histone modification, and RNA regulation. Since the nutrients required for early embryos and postpartum lactation are derived in whole or in part from maternal and lactating nutrition, the maternal nutritional level affects the growth and development of fetus and creates a profound relationship between disease development and early environmental exposure in the offspring’s later life. Protein is one of the most important biological macromolecules, involved in almost every process of life, such as information transmission, energy processing and material metabolism. Maternal protein intake levels may affect the integrity of the fetal genome and alter DNA methylation and gene expression. Most amino acids are supplied to the fetus from the maternal circulation through active transport of placenta. Some amino acids, such as methionine, as dietary methyl donor, play an important role in DNA methylation and body’s one-carbon metabolism. The purpose of this review is to describe effects of maternal dietary protein and amino acid intake on fetal and neonatal growth and development through epigenetic mechanisms, with examples in humans and animals. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers.
Consumption of post-fermented Jing-Wei Fuzhuan brick tea alleviates liver dysfunction and intestinal microbiota dysbiosis in high fructose diet-fed mice; Emerging evidence supports the health-promoting ability of a special microbial-fermented Fuzhuan brick tea. Epigallocatechin gallate was identified as a dominant flavonoid of Fuzhuan tea aqueous extract (FTE). Mice were treated with 30% high fructose (HF) water feeding alone or in combination with administration of FTE at 400 mg per kg bw for 13 weeks. FTE caused strong inhibition against the elevation of liver weight, serum enzymatic (aspartate aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase and alkaline phosphatase) activities and hepatic inflammatory cytokines (interleukin-1, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-α and tumor necrosis factor-β) formation, as well as dyslipidemia (total cholesterol, total triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol) in HF-fed mice (p < 0.05). Hepatic malonaldehyde formation was lowered, while superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities were enhanced by FTE treatment, relative to HF-fed mice (p < 0.05), and histopathological evaluation confirmed the protection. As revealed by 16S rDNA gene sequencing, FTE notably increased abundance of Bacteroidetes and Lactobacillus, but reduced population of Firmicutes, Proteobacteria and Tenericutes in HF feeding mice. These findings suggest that FTE exerts a hepatoprotective effect by modifying hepatic oxidative stress, inflammatory response and gut microbiota dysfunction. © 2019 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Cdc42: A novel regulator of insulin secretion and diabetes-associated diseases; Cdc42, a member of the Rho GTPases family, is involved in the regulation of several cellular functions including cell cycle progression, survival, transcription, actin cytoskeleton organization and membrane trafficking. Diabetes is a chronic and metabolic disease, characterized as glycometabolism disorder induced by insulin deficiency related to β cell dysfunction and peripheral insulin resistance (IR). Diabetes could cause many complications including diabetic nephropathy (DN), diabetic retinopathy and diabetic foot. Furthermore, hyperglycemia can promote tumor progression and increase the risk of malignant cancers. In this review, we summarized the regulation of Cdc42 in insulin secretion and diabetes-associated diseases. Organized researches indicate that Cdc42 is a crucial member during the progression of diabetes, and Cdc42 not only participates in the process of insulin synthesis but also regulates the insulin granule mobilization and cell membrane exocytosis via activating a series of downstream factors. Besides, several studies have demonstrated Cdc42 as participating in the pathogenesis of IR and DN and even contributing to promote cancer cell proliferation, survival, invasion, migration, and metastasis under hyperglycemia. Through the current review, we hope to cast light on the mechanism of Cdc42 in diabetes and associated diseases and provide new ideas for clinical diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metabolic cytokines at fasting and during macronutrient challenges: Influence of obesity, female androgen excess and sex; Scope: Cytokines have pleiotropic functions within the organism and their levels may be influenced by obesity, visceral adiposity and sex hormones. Diet composition may also affect their systemic concentrations during fasting and in the postprandial period. Hence, we studied the influence of sex steroids and obesity on the circulating levels of a panel of metabolic cytokines in the fasting state and after single macronutrient challenges. Methods: On alternate days we submitted 17 women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) (9 non-obese, 8 obese), 17 non-hyperandrogenic control women (9 non-obese, 8 obese) and 19 control men (10 non-obese, 9 obese) to isocaloric oral glucose, lipid and protein loads. Serum levels of omentin-1, vaspin, lipocalin-2, adipsin, PAI-1, chemerin, FGF-21 and FGF-23 were determined by Luminex multiplex technology. Results: During fasting, obese patients presented higher levels of PAI-1, chemerin and adipsin but decreased FGF-23 and omentin-1 compared with non-obese subjects. Vaspin showed sexual dimorphism with lower levels in men than women with PCOS and female controls. Following macronutrient ingestion, most metabolic cytokines presented a similar physiological response consisting of a decrease in circulating concentrations, which was inversely associated with the fasting levels of these molecules. Protein intake caused the major postprandial decrease whereas glucose did not significantly reduce PAI-1, FGF-23 and vaspin, and even increased FGF-21. Regardless of the macronutrient administered, vaspin levels showed a larger reduction in non-obese individuals while the decrease in PAI-1 was particularly noticeable in the obese subgroup. The postprandial reductions of omentin-1 and FGF-23 after glucose and protein loads were influenced by obesity. No major differences were found between patients with PCOS and male and female controls. Conclusions: Obesity, but not PCOS or sex, markedly influences metabolic cytokine levels at fasting and after macronutrient ingestion. The observed postprandial decrease in their circulating concentrations might represent a physiological compensatory mechanism against food-induced inflammation and oxidative stress. This mechanism is altered by obesity and is differently modulated by macronutrients, suggesting a larger contribution of glucose to stressful postprandial responses. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
miRNA regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism in relation to diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Glucose and lipids are important nutrients because they provide most of the energy for the cells. A pre-translational regulation by microRNAs (miRNAs) plays a pivotal role in cellular metabolism by targeting the key rate-limiting enzymes of relevant pathways to fine-tune control of metabolic homeostasis. Aberrant expression of these miRNAs can result in an over or under expression of those key enzymes, contributing to the etiology of diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Here we discuss recent studies of various miRNAs that control insulin sensitivity, hepatic glucose production and de novo lipogenesis and how aberrant expression of these miRNAs contributes to the pathophysiology of diabetes and NAFLD in animal models. We also review the current application of circulating miRNAs as biomarkers for diagnosis or disease monitoring in diabetes and NAFLD. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.
Low-carbohydrate diets for gestational diabetes; Nutrition therapy provides the foundation for treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM), and has historically been based on restricting carbohydrate (CHO) intake. In this paper, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are reviewed to assess the effects of both low-and higher CHO nutrition approaches in GDM. The prevailing pattern across the evidence underscores that although CHO restriction improves glycemia at least in the short-term, similar outcomes could be achievable using less restrictive approaches that may not exacerbate IR. The quality of existing studies is limited, in part due to dietary non-adherence and confounding effects of treatment with insulin or oral medication. Recent evidence suggests that modified nutritional manipulation in GDM from usual intake, including but not limited to CHO restriction, improves maternal glucose and lowers infant birthweight. This creates a platform for future studies to further clarify the impact of multiple nutritional patterns in GDM on both maternal and infant outcomes. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring; Key points: Maternal resveratrol (RESV) administration in gestational diabetes (GDM) restored normoglycaemia and insulin secretion. GDM-induced obesity was prevented in male GDM+RESV offspring but not in females. GDM+RESV offspring exhibited improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. GDM+RESV restored hepatic glucose homeostasis in offspring. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was enhanced in GDM+RESV offspring. Abstract: Gestational diabetes (GDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, is associated with adverse metabolic health outcomes in offspring. Using a rat model of diet-induced GDM, we investigated whether maternal resveratrol (RESV) supplementation (147 mg kg–1 day–1) in the third week of pregnancy could improve maternal glycaemia and protect the offspring from developing metabolic dysfunction. Female Sprague–Dawley rats consumed a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet to induce GDM. Lean controls consumed a low-fat (LF) diet. In the third trimester, when maternal hyperglycaemia was observed, the HFS diet was supplemented with RESV. At weaning, offspring were randomly assigned a LF or HFS diet until 15 weeks of age. In pregnant dams, RESV restored glucose tolerance, normoglycaemia and improved insulin secretion. At 15 weeks of age, GDM+RESV-HFS male offspring were less obese than the GDM-HFS offspring. By contrast, the female GDM+RESV-HFS offspring were similarly as obese as the GDM-HFS group. Hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and dysregulated gluconeogenesis were observed in the male GDM offspring and were attenuated in the offspring of GDM+RESV dams. The dysregulation of several metabolic genes (e.g. ppara, lpl, pepck and g6p) in the livers of GDM offspring was attenuated in the GDM+RESV offspring group. Glucose stimulated insulin secretion was also improved in the islets from offspring of GDM+RESV dams. Thus, maternal RESV supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy and lactation induced several beneficial metabolic health outcomes for both mothers and offspring. Therefore, RESV could be an alternative to current GDM treatments. © 2019 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2019 The Physiological Society
Inadequate control of thyroid hormones sensitizes to hepatocarcinogenesis and unhealthy aging; An inverse correlation between thyroid hormone levels and longevity has been reported in several species and reduced thyroid hormone levels have been proposed as a biomarker for healthy aging and metabolic fitness. However, hypothyroidism is a medical condition associated with compromised health and reduced life expectancy. Herein, we show, using wild-type and the Pax8 ablated model of hypothyroidism in mice, that hyperthyroidism and severe hypothyroidism are associated with an overall unhealthy status and shorter lifespan. Mild hypothyroid Pax8 +/- mice were heavier and displayed insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis and increased prevalence of liver cancer yet had normal lifespan. These pathophysiological conditions were precipitated by hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative damage accumulation. These findings indicate that individuals carrying mutations on PAX8 may be susceptible to develop liver cancer and/or diabetes and raise concerns regarding the development of interventions aiming to modulate thyroid hormones to promote healthy aging or lifespan in mammals. © López-Noriega et al.
Smoking during pregnancy increases chemerin expression in neonatal tissue; New Findings: What is the central question of this study? Is chemerin, an adipokine implicated in obesity, increased in neonates following in utero cigarette smoke exposure. What is the main finding and its importance? Chemerin mRNA expression was increased and chemerin DNA methylation was decreased in babies born to mothers who smoked during pregnancy. These data provide a potential mechanism that may be mediating the increased obesity risk in individuals that are born to mothers who smoked during pregnancy. Abstract: It has been shown that in utero tobacco exposure increases offspring risk for obesity, but the mechanisms responsible for this increased risk are not well understood. Chemerin is an adipokine that regulates adipocyte differentiation. This chemokine is elevated in obese individuals and with smoke exposure, but its levels have not been measured in neonates exposed to cigarette smoke in utero. We examined chemerin gene expression [n = 31 non-smoker (NS) and 15 smoker (S)] and DNA methylation (n = 28 NS and n = 11 S) in skin collected from babies born to mothers who smoked during pregnancy as compared to non-smoking controls. Quality RNA and DNA were isolated from foreskin tissue following circumcision, and chemerin gene expression and DNA methylation were assessed. Further, in a second cohort, we utilized primary dermal foreskin fibroblasts as a functional measure of adipogenesis in living cells (n = 11 NS and n = 8 S). Cells were stimulated with an adipogenic cocktail, mRNA was isolated from cells after 14 days, and chemerin gene expression assessed via real-time PCR. Chemerin mRNA was elevated in both whole tissue (NS: 2409.20 ± 555.28 counts and S: 2966.72 ± 636.84 counts; P < 0.01) and primary fibroblasts (NS: 1.12 ± 0.55 2ΔΔCT and S: 2.13 ± 1.34 2ΔΔCT; P = 0.04) collected from infants born to smoking mothers. Chemerin DNA methylation was reduced in whole tissue of offspring born to smokers (NS: 4.18 ± 1.28 and S: 3.07 ± 1.31%; P = 0.02), which may contribute to the increased gene expression. Neonates born to mothers who smoke during pregnancy exhibit distinct changes in chemerin gene expression in response to in utero tobacco smoke exposure which are regulated in part by epigenetic alterations. © 2018 The Authors. Experimental Physiology © 2018 The Physiological Society
Analysis of the epigenome in multiplex pre-eclampsia families identifies SORD, DGKI, and ICA1 as novel candidate risk genes; Pre-eclampsia is a serious heritable disorder that affects 5–8% of pregnancies worldwide. While classical genetic studies have identified several susceptibility genes they do not fully explain the heritability of pre-eclampsia. An additional contribution to risk can be quantified by examining the epigenome, in particular the methylome, which is a representation of interactions between environmental and genetic influences on the phenotype. Current array-based epigenetic studies only examine 2–5% of the methylome. Here, we used whole-genome bisulfite sequencing (WGBS) to determine the entire methylome of 13 individuals from two multiplex pre-eclampsia families, comprising one woman with eclampsia, six women with pre-eclampsia, four women with uncomplicated normotensive pregnancies and two male relatives. The analysis of WGBS profiles using two bioinformatics platforms, BSmooth and Bismark, revealed 18,909 differentially methylated CpGs and 4157 differentially methylated regions (DMRs) concordant in females. The methylation patterns support the involvement of previously reported candidate genes, including COL4A1, SLC2A4, PER3, FLT1, GPI, LCT, DDAH1, TGFB3, DLX5, and LRP1B. Statistical analysis of DMRs revealed three novel genes significantly correlated with pre-eclampsia: sorbitol dehydrogenase (SORD, p = 9.98 × 10-6), diacylglycerol kinase iota (DGKI, p = 2.52 × 10-5), and islet cell autoantigen 1 (ICA1, 7.54 × 10-3), demonstrating the potential of WGBS in families for elucidating the role of epigenome in pre-eclampsia and other complex diseases. Copyright © 2019 Ariff, Melton, Brennecke and Moses.
Reduced insulin receptor expression and altered DNA methylation in fat tissues and blood of women with GDMand offspring; Context: Altered expression of the insulin receptor (IR) in adipose tissue (AT) could contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) etiopathogenesis. Transcriptional regulation via epigenetic mechanisms (e.g., DNA methylation) may play a critical role. However, the human IR promoter DNA methylation patterns and involvement in gene expression are unknown. Objective: We evaluated IR mRNA and protein expression accompanied by targeted DNA methylation analyses in AT and blood cells of women with GDM and their offspring. Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: Academic clinic and research unit. Participants: GDM-affected (n = 25) and matched control (n = 30) mother-child dyads. Main Outcome Measures: Maternal IR gene and protein expression in paired subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral adipose tissue samples (VAT). DNA methylation levels in IR promoter and intronic regions in maternal AT and blood cells of mother-offspring pairs. Results: In SAT and VAT, IR mRNA/protein expressions were significantly reduced in women with GDMs (P < 0.05). The decrease in VAT was more pronounced and independent of maternal body mass index. VAT IR protein levels were inversely associated with key maternal and neonatal anthropometric and metabolic parameters (P < 0.05). DNA methylation patterns were similar across tissues, with significant yet small size alterations between groups in mothers and offspring (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Decreased IR levels in AT may be a relevant pathogenic factor in GDM, affecting materno-fetal metabolism. Further investigation of causal factors for IR dysregulation is necessary, especially in VAT. Potential functional and/or clinical roles of altered DNA methylation also should be evaluated. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Decreased plasma neuregulin 4 levels are associated with peripheral neuropathy in Chinese patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: A cross-sectional study; Neuregulin-4 (Nrg4) is a novel adipokine associated with obesity, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, dislipidemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress in mice and humans. However, no report has demonstrated the relationship of circulating Nrg4 with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). The objective of our study was to investigate the relationship between circulating Nrg4 and DPN in a cross-sectional study. Circulating Nrg4 levels were determined with an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays kit in 132 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (nT2DM) patients and 41 normal controls (NC group). The associations of circulating Nrg4 with other parameters were also analyzed. Circulating Nrg4 levels were significantly lower in nT2DM patients with no DPN than in NC subjects, and were further markedly decreased in nT2DM patients with DPN (P < 0.01 or P < 0.05). Circulating Nrg4 levels were progressively decreased with an increasing number of abnormal DPN screening (P for trend < 0.01). Circulating Nrg4 levels correlated negatively with 8-iso-prostaglandin F2α (8-iso-PGF2α), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and vibration perception threshold (VPT) (all P < 0.01), and 8-iso-PGF2α, hs-CRP, glycated hemoglobin A1c and VPT were independently related factors to circulating Nrg4 in nT2DM patients (P < 0.01 or P < 0.05). Moreover, circulating Nrg4 was significantly associated with the development of DPN even after controlling for anthropometric, biochemical and clinical parameters. Additionally, the analysis of receiver operating characteristic curves revealed that the best cutoff value for circulating Nrg4 to predict DPN was 1.58 ng/mL (sensitivity 90.91%, specificity 54.55%, and area under the curve 0.716). These findings together suggested that circulating Nrg4 levels were reduced in DPN patients and Nrg4 may be a novel adipokine associated with inflammation, oxidative stress, and long-term glycemic control in nT2DM patients. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
NOD1: An interface between innate immunity and insulin resistance; Insulin resistance is driven, in part, by activation of the innate immune system. We have discussed the evidence linking nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain (NOD)1, an intracellular pattern recognition receptor, to the onset and progression of obesity-induced insulin resistance. On a molecular level, crosstalk between downstream NOD1 effectors and the insulin receptor pathway inhibits insulin signaling, potentially through reduced insulin receptor substrate action. In vivo studies have demonstrated that NOD1 activation induces peripheral, hepatic, and whole-body insulin resistance. Also, NOD1-deficient models are protected from high-fat diet (HFD)-induced insulin resistance. Moreover, hematopoietic NOD1 deficiency prevented HFD-induced changes in proinflammatory macrophage polarization status, thus protecting against the development of metabolic inflammation and insulin resistance. Serum from HFD-fed mice activated NOD1 signaling ex vivo; however, the molecular identity of the activating factors remains unclear. Many have proposed that an HFD changes the gut permeability, resulting in increased translocation of bacterial fragments and increased circulating NOD1 ligands. In contrast, others have suggested that NOD1 ligands are endogenous and potentially lipid-derived metabolites produced during states of nutrient overload. Nevertheless, that NOD1 contributes to the development of insulin resistance, and that NOD1-based therapy might provide benefit, is an exciting advancement in metabolic research. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Longer lactation duration is associated with decreased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women; Background & Aims: Lactation lowers blood glucose and triglycerides, and increases insulin sensitivity. We hypothesized that a longer duration of lactation would be associated with lower prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is the leading cause of chronic liver disease in the United States. Methods: Participants from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults cohort study who delivered ≥ 1 child post-baseline (Y0: 1985–1986), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010–2011) were included (n = 844). The duration of lactation was summed for all post-baseline births, and NAFLD at Y25 was assessed by central review of CT images and defined by liver attenuation ≤ 40 Hounsfield Units after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis. Unadjusted and multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed using an a priori set of confounding variables; age, race, education, and baseline body mass index. Results: Of 844 women who delivered after baseline (48% black, 52% white, mean age 49 years at Y25 exam), 32% reported lactation duration of 0 to 1 month, 25% reported >1 to 6 months, 43% reported more than 6 months, while 54 (6%) had NAFLD. Longer lactation duration was inversely associated with NAFLD in unadjusted logistic regression. For women who reported >6 months lactation compared to those reporting 0–1 month, the odds ratio for NAFLD was 0.48 (95% CI 0.25–0.94; p = 0.03) and the association remained after adjustment for confounders (adjusted odds ratio 0.46; 95% CI 0.22–0.97; p = 0.04). Conclusions: A longer duration of lactation, particularly greater than 6 months, is associated with lower odds of NAFLD in mid-life and may represent a modifiable risk factor for NAFLD. Lay summary: A longer duration of breastfeeding has been associated with multiple potential health benefits for the mother including reduction in heart disease, diabetes and certain cancers. In this study we found that breastfeeding for longer than 6 months was associated with a lower risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mid-life. © 2018 European Association for the Study of the Liver
Discovery of Gut Bacteria Specific to Alzheimer's Associated Diseases is a Clue to Understanding Disease Etiology: Meta-Analysis of Population-Based Data on Human Gut Metagenomics and Metabolomics; Alzheimer's disease (AD)-associated sequence (ADAS) of cultured fecal bacteria was discovered in human gut targeted screening. This study provides important information to expand our current understanding of the structure/activity relationship of ADAS and putative inhibitors/activators that are potentially involved in ADAS appearance/disappearance. The NCBI database analysis revealed that ADAS presents at a large proportion in American Indian Oklahoman (CA) with a high prevalence of obesity/diabetes and in colorectal cancer (CRC) patients from the US and China. An Oklahoman non-native group (NNI) showed no ADAS. Comparison of two large US populations reveals that ADAS is more frequent in individuals aged ≥66 and in females. Prevalence and levels of fecal metabolites are altered in the CA and CRC groups versus controls. Biogenic amines (histamine, tryptamine, tyramine, phenylethylamine, cadaverine, putrescine, agmatine, spermidine) that present in food and are produced by gut microbiota are significantly higher in CA (e.g., histamine/histidine 95-fold) versus NNI (histamine/histidine 16-fold). The majority of these bio-amines are cytotoxic at concentrations found in food. Inositol phosphate signaling implicated in AD is altered in CA and CRC. Tryptamine stimulated accumulation of inositol phosphate. The seizure-eliciting tryptamine induced cytoplasmic vacuolization and vesiculation with cell fragmentation. Present additions of ADAS-carriers at different ages including infants led to an ADAS-comprising human sample size of 2,830 from 27 studies from four continents (North America, Australia, Asia, Europe). Levels of food-derived monoamine oxidase inhibitors and anti-bacterial compounds, the potential modulators of ADAS-bacteria growth and biogenic amine production, were altered in CA versus NNI. ADAS is attributable to potentially modifiable risk factors of AD associated diseases. © 2019 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Assessment of Serum Concentrations of Adropin, Afamin, and Neudesin in Children with Type 1 Diabetes; Introduction. The increasing knowledge of adropin, afamin, and neudesin and the regulation of glucose metabolism and insulin resistance allows for the assessment of the differences in their concentrations between the groups with varied duration of diabetes mellitus (DM). Aim of the Study. Assessment of serum levels of adropin, afamin, and neudesin in children with type 1 diabetes, with respect to the disease duration. Materials and Methods. The study consisted of 138 patients aged 5-18 years (M 40.58%). Children with type 1 diabetes (n = 68) were compared to the control group (n = 70). The diabetic group was divided into 4 subgroups: (I) newly diagnosed patients, after an episode of ketoacidosis (n = 14), (II) duration no longer than 5 years (n = 18), (III) 5 to 10 years (n = 27), and (IV) longer than 10 years (n = 9). Serum concentrations of adropin, afamin, and neudesin were assessed and compared between the groups of patients. The criterion for statistical significance was p<0.05. Results. The concentrations of adropin and afamin across all subgroups were lower than that in the control group, while neudesin levels were higher in diabetic patients compared to the control group. The differences were statistically significant. Conclusions. Adropin, afamin, and neudesin may play a major role in the regulation of glucose metabolism and have a significant potential as novel biomarkers to predict future metabolic disorders. However, further multicentre studies on a larger cohort of patients are necessary to specify the role of these substances in the course and treatment of type 1 diabetes. © 2019 Agnieszka Polkowska et al.
Targeting gut microbiota for the prevention and management of diabetes mellitus by dietary natural products; Diabetes mellitus is one of the biggest public health concerns worldwide, which includes type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and other rare forms of diabetes mellitus. Accumulating evidence has revealed that intestinal microbiota is closely associated with the initiation and progression of diabetes mellitus. In addition, various dietary natural products and their bioactive components have exhibited anti-diabetic activity by modulating intestinal microbiota. This review addresses the relationship between gut microbiota and diabetes mellitus, and discusses the effects of natural products on diabetes mellitus and its complications by modulating gut microbiota, with special attention paid to the mechanisms of action. It is hoped that this review paper can be helpful for better understanding of the relationships among natural products, gut microbiota, and diabetes mellitus. © 2019 by the authors.
Anti-diabetic effects and mechanisms of dietary polysaccharides; Diabetes mellitus is a multifactorial, heterogeneous metabolic disorder, causing various health complications and economic issues, which apparently impacts the human’s life. Currently, commercial diabetic drugs are clinically managed for diabetic treatment that has definite side effects. Dietary polysaccharides mainly derive from natural sources, including medicinal plants, grains, fruits, vegetables, edible mushroom, and medicinal foods, and possess anti-diabetic potential. Hence, this review summarizes the effects of dietary polysaccharides on diabetes and underlying molecular mechanisms related to inflammatory factors, oxidative stress, and diabetes in various animal models. The analysis of literature and appropriate data on anti-diabetic polysaccharide from electronic databases was conducted. In vivo and in vitro trials have revealed that treatment of these polysaccharides has hypoglycemic, hypolipidemic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory effects, which enhance pancreatic β-cell mass and alleviates β-cell dysfunction. It enhances insulin signaling pathways through insulin receptors and activates the PI3K/Akt pathway, and eventually modulates ERK/JNK/MAPK pathway. In conclusion, dietary polysaccharides can effectively ameliorate hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, low-grade inflammation, and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and, thus, consumption of polysaccharides can be a valuable choice for diabetic control. © 2018 by the authors.
Blunted cardiac AMPK response is associated with susceptibility to ischemia/ reperfusion in Male offspring of gestational diabetic rats; Background/Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely associated with early perinatal complications and long-term health problems, such as cardiovascular disease, in offspring. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is cardioprotective, particularly in the treatment of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). However, whether GDM programs offspring susceptibility to cardiac I/R and the involvement of AMPK remain unclear. Methods: Streptozotocin was administered to rats during mid pregnancy; the postpartum maternal metabolome was assessed by chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Male offspring were subjected to body composition scanning followed by ex vivo global I/R. Cardiac signaling was determined by Western blotting. Results: The body weights (BWs) of the GDM male offspring were significantly heavier than those of the control group from the age of 8 weeks; the heart weights (HWs) and HW/BW were also increased in the GDM group compared to the control group. The ex vivo post-I/R cardiac contractile function recovery was significantly compromised in the GDM male offspring. The phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC was elevated by ex vivo I/R in both groups, but to a significantly lesser extent in the GDM group. Conclusion: GDM male offspring rats have higher risks of overgrowth and intolerance to cardiac I/R, which may be due to a compromised AMPK signaling pathway. © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Cell Physiol Biochem Press GmbH&Co. KG.
Regulation of alternative splicing in obesity-induced hypertension; Obesity is the result of genetics which predisposes an individual to obesity and environmental factors, resulting in excessive weight gain. A well-established linear relationship exists between hypertension and obesity. The combined burden of hypertension and obesity poses significant health and economic challenges. Many environmental factors and genetic traits interact to contribute to obesity-linked hypertension. These include excess sodium re-absorption or secretion by the kidneys, a hypertensive shift of renal-pressure and activation of the sympathetic nervous system. Most individuals suffering from hypertension need drugs in order to treat their raised blood pressure, and while a number of antihypertensive therapeutic agents are currently available, 50% of cases remain uncontrolled. In order to develop new and effective therapeutic agents combating obesity-induced hypertension, a thorough understanding of the molecular events leading to adipogenesis is critical. With the advent of whole genome and exome sequencing techniques, new genes and variants which can be used as markers for obesity and hypertension are being identified. This review examines the role played by alternative splicing (AS) as a contributing factor to the metabolic regulation of obesity-induced hypertension. Splicing mutations constitute at least 14% of the disease-causing mutations, thus implicating polymorphisms that effect splicing as indicators of disease susceptibility. The unique transcripts resulting from the alternate splicing of mRNA encoding proteins that play a key role in contributing to obesity would be vital to gain a proper understanding of the genetic causes of obesity. A greater knowledge of the genetic basis for obesity-linked hypertension will assist in the development of appropriate diagnostic tests as well as the identification of new personalized therapeutic targets against obesity-induced hypertension. © 2019 Dlamini et al.
Precision medicine in type 2 diabetes; The Precision Medicine Initiative defines precision medicine as ‘an emerging approach for disease treatment and prevention that takes into account individual variability in genes, environment and lifestyle for each person’. This approach will facilitate more accurate treatment and prevention strategies in contrast to a one-size-fits-all approach, in which disease treatment and prevention strategies are developed for generalized usage. Diabetes is clearly more heterogeneous than the conventional subclassification into type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Monogenic forms of diabetes like MODY and neonatal diabetes have paved the way for precision medicine in diabetes, as carriers of unique mutations require unique treatment. Diagnosis of diabetes in the past has been dependent upon measuring one metabolite, glucose. By instead including six variables in a clustering analysis, we could break down diabetes into five distinct subgroups, with better prediction of disease progression and outcome. The severe insulin-resistant diabetes (SIRD) cluster showed the highest risk of kidney disease and highest prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, whereas patients in the insulin-deficient cluster 2 (SIDD) had the highest risk of retinopathy. In the future, this will certainly be improved and expanded by including genetic, epigenetic and other biomarker to allow better prediction of outcome and choice of more precise treatment. © 2018 The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine
Glucuronidated bilirubin: Significantly increased in hepatic encephalopathy; Bilirubin is produced by the breakdown of hemoglobin in senescent erythrocytes by macrophages and carried by albumin from blood circulation to the liver for removal in normal physiology. Glucuronic acid modification of bilirubin by UDP-glucuronyltransferase in the liver is the key event for its subsequent elimination from human body. Conditions that accelerate the breakdown of erythrocytes may cause an elevated blood level of unconjugated bilirubin whereas the factors affect the glucuronidated bilirubin formation and subsequent elimination may cause decreased or increased blood level of glucuronidated bilirubin, the water soluble “direct bilirubin” measured by clinical blood test. Studies showed that increased total serum bilirubin has a protective effect on cardiovascular and other related diseases, but it is unknown how direct bilirubin levels were related to different diseases. By taking advantage of the data collected in the clinical laboratory of our hospital, the direct bilirubin data from 192,535 patients with 72 clinically defined diseases were compared to that of healthy controls (10,497). Based on the mean, median, and p values, we found that patients with hepatic encephalopathy had the highest serum direct bilirubin level, which resembled acute hepatic encephalopathy caused by increased serum direct bilirubin level in neonates. In contrast, patients with uremia, nephrotic syndrome, and preeclampsia had significantly lower levels of serum direct bilirubin. Taken together, our data revealed that serum direct bilirubin levels were either increased or decreased in a disease-dependent manner. The possible molecular mechanisms of increased direct bilirubin levels in patients suffering hepatic encephalopathy are discussed. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Mechanisms of Action of Probiotics; Probiotics are living microorganisms that confer health benefits to the host when administered in adequate amounts; however, dead bacteria and their components can also exhibit probiotic properties. Bifidobacterium and strains of lactic acid bacteria are the most widely used bacteria that exhibit probiotic properties and are included in many functional foods and dietary supplements. Probiotics have been shown to prevent and ameliorate the course of digestive disorders such as acute, nosocomial, and antibiotic-associated diarrhea; allergic disorders such as atopic dermatitis (eczema) and allergic rhinitis in infants; and Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea and some inflammatory bowel disorders in adults. In addition, probiotics may be of interest as coadjuvants in the treatment of metabolic disorders, including obesity, metabolic syndrome, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and type 2 diabetes. However, the mechanisms of action of probiotics, which are diverse, heterogeneous, and strain specific, have received little attention. Thus, the aim of the present work was to review the main mechanisms of action of probiotics, including colonization and normalization of perturbed intestinal microbial communities in children and adults; competitive exclusion of pathogens and bacteriocin production; modulation of fecal enzymatic activities associated with the metabolization of biliary salts and inactivation of carcinogens and other xenobiotics; production of short-chain and branched-chain fatty acids, which, in turn, have wide effects not only in the intestine but also in peripheral tissues via interactions with short-chain fatty acid receptors, modulating mainly tissue insulin sensitivity; cell adhesion and mucin production; modulation of the immune system, which resultsmainly in the differentiation of T-regulatory cells and upregulation of anti-inflammatory cytokines and growth factors, i.e., interleukin-10 and transforming growth factor; and interaction with the brain-gut axis by regulation of endocrine and neurologic functions. Further research to elucidate the precise molecular mechanisms of action of probiotics is warranted. © 2019 American Society for Nutrition. All rights reserved.
Role of MicroRNAs in Metabolic Diseases; Obesity and associated comorbidities - insulin resistance, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and cardiovascular diseases - are rooted in myriad metabolic dysfunctions orchestrated in part by microRNAs. This chapter focuses on the most frequently reported microRNAs differentially expressed in human obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and metabolic syndrome. The roles of miR-122, miR-126, miR-146a, miR-155, miR-21, miR-223, miR-27a, miR-29a, miR-34a, and miR-375 in human metabolic disease are examined with a focus on T2DM in humans and potential mechanisms of action. Finally, the use of these miRNAs as biomarkers of metabolic disease and as measures of the clinical efficacy of therapeutics is discussed. © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2019.
Exposure to persistent organic pollutants: Impact on women's health; This literature review focuses on the causal relationship between persistent organic pollutants (POPs) exposure and women's health disorders, particularly cancer, cardio-metabolic events and reproductive health. Progressive industrialization has resulted in the production of a multitude of chemicals that are released into the environment on a daily basis. Environmental chemicals or pollutants are not only hazardous to our ecosystem but also lead to various health problems that affect the human population worldwide irrespective of gender, race or age. However, most environmental health studies that have been conducted, until recently, were exclusively biased with regard to sex and gender, beginning with exposure studies that were reported mostly in male, occupational workers and animal studies being carried out mostly in male rodent models. Health-related issues pertaining to women of all age groups have not been studied thoroughly and rather disregarded in most aspects of basic health science research and it is therefore pertinent that we address these limitations in environmental health. The review also addresses studies looking at the associations between health outcomes and exposures to POPs, particularly, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dioxins and pesticides, reported in cohort studies while accounting for gender differences. Considering that current levels of POPs in women can also impact future generations, informative guidelines related to dietary patterns and exposure history are needed for women of reproductive age. Additionally, occupational cohorts of highly exposed women worldwide, such as women working in manufacturing plants and female pesticide applicators are required to gather more information on population susceptibility and disease pathology. © 2018 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Impacts of obesity, maternal obesity and nicotinamide mononucleotide supplementation on sperm quality in mice; Male fertility and sperm quality are negatively impacted by obesity. Furthermore, recent evidence has shown that male offspring from obese rat mothers also have reduced sperm quality and fertility. Here, we extend work in this area by comparing the effects of both maternal obesity and offspring post-weaning diet-induced obesity, as well as their combination, on sperm quality in mice. We additionally tested whether administration of the NAD+-booster nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN) can ameliorate the negative effects of obesity and maternal obesity on sperm quality. We previously showed that intraperitoneal (i.p.) injection of NMN can reduce the metabolic deficits induced by maternal obesity or post-weaning dietary obesity in mice. In this study, female mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks until they were 18% heavier than a control diet group. Thereafter, HFD and control female mice were mated with control diet males, and male offspring were weaned into groups receiving control or HFD. At 30 weeks of age, mice received 500 mg/kg body weight NMN or vehicle PBS i.p. for 21 days. As expected, adiposity was increased by both maternal and post-weaning HFD but reduced by NMN supplementation. Post-weaning HFD reduced sperm count and motility, while maternal HFD increased offspring sperm DNA fragmentation and levels of aberrant sperm chromatin. There was no evidence that the combination of post-weaning and maternal HFD exacerbated the impacts in sperm quality suggesting that they impact spermatogenesis through different mechanisms. Surprisingly NMN reduced sperm count, vitality and increased sperm oxidative DNA damage, which was associated with increased NAD+ in testes. A subsequent experiment using oral NMN at 400 mg/kg body weight was not associated with reduced sperm viability, oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction or increased NAD+ in testes, suggesting that the negative impacts on sperm could be dependent on dose or mode of administration. © 2019 The Authors.
Cola beverages: Clinical uses versus adverse effects; Background: Excessive consumption of cola beverages is accompanied by numerous public health risks. But besides these well-known adverse effects, recently, several medical articles have been published that show some indications for cola beverages in clinical practice like resolution of gastrointestinal or feeding tube obstructions, increasing bioavailability and palatability of other medications, rehydration and other uses in healthcare settings. These approaches are not without shortcomings and complications. Methods: In this systematic review we tried to explore these new uses for practitioners and also reemphasize on the most evidence-based complications of cola consumption like bone loss and metabolic and cardiovascular adverse effects in cases of misuse and overuse from both clinical and nutritional points of view via searching the PubMed database. Results: We chose 145 journal articles from the most relevant ones plus 30 extra references and categorized their topics in two classes of medical uses and adverse effects. Conclusion: It could be stated that cola beverages have demonstrated interesting uses and benefits in medicine but their use should be regulated as strict as possible. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers.
Decreased serum miR-1296 may serve as an early biomarker for the diagnosis of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Circulating microRNA has become a candidate biomarker for many diseases. The purpose of this study was to investigate the significance of miR-1296 as a non-invasive biomarker in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: Serum samples were collected from normal people and NAFLD patients for biochemical detection. Serum microRNAs were isolated by the NucleoZOL method, and the stem-loop method was used to reverse transcribe the DNA. The relative quantification of miR-1296 was performed by SYBR Green method. Spearman's method was used to analyze the correlation between miR-1296 and serum biochemical parameters. Results: By using 2-∆∆CT method, we found that, compared with the normal control group, the expression of serum miR-1296 increased in patients with normal lipid NAFLD and those with hyperlipidemia NAFLD. At the same time, the expression of microRNA-1296 in the NAFLD hyperlipidemia group increased more significantly than that in the NFALD group with normal lipid. Spearman's correlation assay demonstrated that the correlation between the expression of miR-1296 and blood lipids, including TC, TG, HDL-c, and LDL-c, was TC (r = 0.4951, p = 0.0013), TG (r = 0.054, p = 0.6425), HDL-C (r = 0.3435, p = 0.07522), and LDL-C (r = 0.3307, p = 0.0699. The data showed that miR-1296 was positively correlated with serum TC level. Conclusions: In summary, serum microRNA-1296 is a more sensitive marker of NAFLD than blood lipids, which provides a new method for noninvasive early screening of NAFLD. © Copyright
Diet and nutritional interventions with the special role of myo-inositol in gestational diabetes mellitus management. An evidence-based critical appraisal; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy, represents one of the most common maternal-fetal complications during pregnancy and it is associated with poor perinatal outcomes. To date, GDM is a rising condition over the last decades coinciding with the ongoing epidemic of obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Objective: The aim of this review is to discuss the role of diet and nutritional interventions in preventing GDM with the explanation of the special role of myo-inositol (MI) in this matter. Methods: We performed an overview of the most recent literature data on the subject with particular attention to the effectiveness of diet and nutritional interventions in the prevention of GDM with the special role of MI. Results: Nutritional intervention and physical activity before and during pregnancy are mandatory in women affected by GDM. Moreover, the availability of insulin-sensitizers such as different forms of inositol has dramatically changed the scenario, allowing the treatment of several metabolic diseases, such as those related to glucose dysbalance. Although the optimal dose, frequency, and form of MI administration need to be further investigated, diet supplementation with MI appears to be an attractive alternative for the GDM prevention as well as for the reduction of GDM-related complications. Conclusions: More studies should be conducted to prove the most effective nutritional intervention in GDM. Regarding the potential effectiveness of MI, further evidence in multicenter, randomized controlled trials is needed to draw firm conclusions. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers
Long-Term Effect of Lactation on Maternal Cardiovascular Function and Adiposity in a Murine Model; Objective Epidemiological studies suggest that lactation is associated with long-term maternal health benefits. To avoid confounders in human studies, we used a previously characterized murine model to investigate the long-term effect of lactation on both cardiovascular function and adiposity. Study Design After the delivery of the pups, CD-1 female mice were randomly divided into two groups: lactated and nonlactated (NL). Before pregnancy and at 9 months postdelivery, blood pressure was measured using a tail cuff, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) were assessed by computed tomography (CT), echocardiography was performed using microultrasound, and cholesterol panels and fasting blood glucose were measured. The data were analyzed using Student's t -test (significance at p < 0.05). Results There were no differences in baseline parameters between the two groups. At 9 months postdelivery, the NL group weighed significantly more (p = 0.03) and demonstrated a significantly lower cardiac output (p = 0.05) and ejection fraction (p = 0.03). The mice in the NL group also had higher VAT (p < 0.01) and SAT percentiles (p = 0.03). Fasting glucose (p = 0.01) and low-density lipoprotein (p = 0.01) were significantly higher in the NL group at 9 months. Conclusion Our results show the benefit of lactation is not just limited to the immediate postpartum period but it also extends into midlife in a murine model. Copyright © 2019 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc..
Therapeutic mechanisms of herbal medicines against insulin resistance: A review; Insulin resistance is a condition in which insulin sensitivity is reduced and the insulin signaling pathway is impaired. Although often expressed as an increase in insulin concentration, the disease is characterized by a decrease in insulin action. This increased workload of the pancreas and the consequent decompensation are not only the main mechanisms for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D), but also exacerbate the damage of metabolic diseases, including obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, and others. Many clinical trials have suggested the potential role of herbs in the treatment of insulin resistance, although most of the clinical trials included in this review have certain flaws and bias risks in their methodological design, including the generation of randomization, the concealment of allocation, blinding, and inadequate reporting of sample size estimates. These studies involve not only the single-flavored herbs, but also herbal formulas, extracts, and active ingredients. Numerous of in vitro and in vivo studies have pointed out that the role of herbal medicine in improving insulin resistance is related to interventions in various aspects of the insulin signaling pathway. The targets involved in these studies include insulin receptor substrate, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, glucose transporter, AMP-activated protein kinase, glycogen synthase kinase 3, mitogen-activated protein kinases, c-Jun-N-terminal kinase, nuclear factor-kappaB, protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B, nuclear factor-E2-related factor 2, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors. Improved insulin sensitivity upon treatment with herbal medicine provides considerable prospects for treating insulin resistance. This article reviews studies of the target mechanisms of herbal treatments for insulin resistance. Copyright © 2019 Li, Bai, Wei, Zhao, Wang, Xiao, Yan and Wei. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY). The use, distribution or reproduction in other forums is permitted, provided the original author(s) and the copyright owner(s) are credited and that the original publication in this journal is cited, in accordance with accepted academic practice. No use, distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms.
Adropin in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Introduction: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) frequently develop metabolic complications. Among the newly found factors responsible for metabolic disorders, adropin seems to be of a great significance. Material and methods: In total 134 women aged 17-45 years were enrolled. The PCOS group consisted of 73 women, diagnosed on the basis of Executive Committee of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology - American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ESHRE-ASRM) criteria. All PCOS women presented phenotype A of PCOS. The control group consisted of 61 women with regular menstrual cycles, matched for nutritional status. All women underwent anamnesis, physical examination, anthropometric measurements, abdominal and transvaginal ultrasound, and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Serum adropin levels were determined by ELISA. Biochemical [fasting glucose and insulin, oral glucose tolerance test, lipid and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG)] and hormonal (testosterone, androstenedione, luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone and oestradiol) measurements were performed. Insulin resistance indices [(Homeostasis Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI), Matsuda] and free androgen index (FAI) were calculated according to the standard formula. Results: Serum adropin levels were lower in the PCOS group (0.475 ± 0.200 vs. 0.541 ± 0.220, p = 0.069), but the results were not statistically significant. Positive correlations among adropin and androstenedione levels were observed in the PCOS group (r = 0.27, p = 0.025). Conclusions: Women with PCOS have a different metabolic profile in comparison to women without this syndrome. We did not observe a statistically significant difference in adropin concentration between the PCOS and the healthy control group. Therefore, more studies regarding adropin in PCOS are needed. © 2019 Via Medica. All rights reserved.
Oxidative stress pathways in pancreatic β-cells and insulin-sensitive cells and tissues: Importance to cell metabolism, function, and dysfunction; It is now accepted that nutrient abundance in the blood, especially glucose, leads to the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), ultimately leading to increased oxidative stress in a variety of tissues. In the absence of an appropriate compensatory response from antioxidant mechanisms, the cell, or indeed the tissue, becomes overwhelmed by oxidative stress, leading to the activation of intracellular stress-associated pathways. Activation of the same or similar pathways also appears to play a role in mediating insulin resistance, impaired insulin secretion, and late diabetic complications. The ability of antioxidants to protect against the oxidative stress induced by hyperglycemia and elevated free fatty acid (FFA) levels in vitro suggests a causative role of oxidative stress in mediating the latter clinical conditions. In this review, we describe common biochemical processes associated with oxidative stress driven by hyperglycemia and/or elevated FFA and the resulting clinical outcomes: β-cell dysfunction and peripheral tissue insulin resistance. Copyright © 2019 the American Physiological Society.
Serum pentraxin 3 concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; INTRODUCTION Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Pentraxin 3 (PTX3), a marker of inflammation, is a cardiovascular risk factor. OBJECTIVES We examined clinical and biochemical factors associated with serum PTX3 concentrations in patients with T2D with and without NAFLD. PATIENTS AND METHODS Serum material was obtained from 116 patients with T2D (mean age, 59.1 years), including 79 patients with NAFLD. RESULTS Median (interquartile range) PTX3 level was 4.264 (2.293) ng/ml in patients with and 3.773 (3.223) ng/ml in patients without NAFLD (P = 0.93). In the whole group, PTX3 level was associated with total cholesterol, low‑density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‑C), apolipoprotein (apo) B100, apo C3, triglyceride (TG) concentrations, and waist circumference after adjustment for age and gender. As indicated by partial regression coefficient b, increase of independent variable LDL‑C by 1 mmol/l was associated with the rise of PTX3 by 1.2017 ng/ml, increase of apo B100 by 1 mg/dl with the rise of PTX3 by 1.0051 ng/ml, and increase of apo C3 by 1 µg/dl with the rise of PTX3 by 1.0012 ng/ml. In patients with T2D with NAFLD, total cholesterol, LDL‑C, TG, apo C3, and apo B100 were associated with PTX3. Associations of PTX3 with apolipoproteins were observed only in the NAFLD group. CONCLUSIONS Reported associations of PTX3 level add new insight into possible mechanisms of its atherogenic actions. © 2019 Medycyna Praktyczna. All rights reserved.
Malprogramming of Hepatic Lipid Metabolism due to Excessive Early Cholesterol Exposure in Adult Progeny; Scope: The programming of hepatic lipid dysfunction in response to early cholesterol exposure and the influencing effects of postnatal diet is evaluated in apoE−/− mice. Methods and results: In two separate studies, female mice are assigned to a standard chow (S) or a cholesterol-enriched chow (C) diet during gestation and lactation. Male offspring from each dam are weaned on a postnatal S or a hypercaloric western (W) diet resulting in four experimental groups: S–S and C–S (Experiment 1) and S–W and C–W (Experiment 2). At weaning, litters from hypercholesterolemic mothers weighed less (p < 0.05) and pups had higher blood lipids, glucose, and hepatic cholesterol compared with pups from S-fed mothers. Adult C–S offspring demonstrate an atherogenic lipid profile and increased (p < 0.05) hepatic cholesterol and triglyceride content with altered lipid regulatory mRNA expression and protein content compared with S–S offspring. Alternatively, no difference (p > 0.05) is observed between S–W and C–W in serum and hepatic lipid profiles; however, serum AST and ALT are higher (p < 0.05) in C–W versus S–W offspring. Conclusion: The degree of hepatic lipid deposition observed in adult offspring exposed to excessive early cholesterol is influenced by the postnatal diet. © 2018 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Early Life Nutrition and Non Communicable Disease; The origin of some non communicable disease (NCDs) is in early life. Evidence has shown that early life nutrition is associated with the risk of developing chronic non communicable diseases. Pregnancy and infancy are the most critical stages that influence the risks of NCDs in childhood and adult life. Prenatal maternal undernutrition and low birth weight lead to obesity and increase the risk factors of cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life. Nutrition is one of the easily modifiable environmental factors that may affect outcome of pregnancy, trajectory of growth, and immune system of the fetus and infant. Healthy eating behaviors associate with prevention of weight disorders in pediatric, non communicable diseases, and deficiencies of micronutrient. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Paternal hyperglycemia induces transgenerational inheritance of susceptibility to hepatic steatosis in rats involving altered methylation on Pparα promoter; Objective: Diabetes exerts adverse effects on the initiation or progression of diabetes and metabolic syndrome in the next generation. In past studies, limited attention has been given to the fathers' role in shaping the metabolic landscape of offspring. Our study was designed to investigate how paternal hyperglycemia exerts an intergenerational effect in mammals as well as the underlying mechanisms. Methods: Hyperglycemia was introduced in male rats by intraperitoneally injected streptozotocin and these males were bred with healthy females to generate offspring. The metabolic profiles of the progeny were assessed; DNA methylation profiles and gene expression were investigated. Mutagenesis constructs of the Ppara promoter region, and a luciferase reporter assay were used to determine transcription factor binding sites (TFBSs) and the effects of hypermethylation on Ppara transcription. Results: Paternal hyperglycemia induced increased liver weight, and plasma TC, TG, LDL, accumulation of triglycerides in the liver. We discovered that CpG 13 in the amplified promoter region (−852 to −601) of Ppara was hypermethylated in adult offspring liver and expression of Ppara, Acox1, Cpt-1α, and Cd36 was down regulated. Hypermethylation of CpG site 13 in the Ppara promoter inhibited the gene transcription, probably through abrogation of SP1 binding. The same epigenetic alteration was discovered in the fetus (E16.5) liver of hyperglycemic father's progeny. Conclusions: Paternal hyperglycemia may induce epigenetic modification of Ppara in offspring's liver, probably through interaction with SP1 binding, causing impaired lipid metabolism. Our investigation may have implications for the understanding of father-offspring interactions with the potential to account for metabolic syndromes. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Boolean function network analysis of time course liver transcriptome data to reveal novel circadian transcriptional regulators in mammals; Background: Many biological processes in mammals are subject to circadian control at the molecular level. Disruption of circadian rhythms has been demonstrated to be associated with a wide range of diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, mental disorders, and cancer. Although the core circadian genes are well established, there are multiple reports of novel peripheral circadian regulators. The goal of this study was to provide a comprehensive computational analysis to identify novel potential circadian transcriptional regulators. Methods: To fulfill the aforementioned goal, we applied a Boolean function network method to analyze the microarray time course mouse and rat liver datasets available in the literature. The inferred direct pairwise relations were further investigated using the functional annotation tool. This approach generated a list of transcription factors (TFs) and cofactors, which were associated with significantly enriched circadian gene ontology (GO) categories. Results: As a result, we identified 93 transcriptional circadian regulators in mouse and 95 transcriptional circadian regulators in rat. Of these, 19 regulators in mouse and 21 regulators in rat were known, whereas the rest were novel. Furthermore, we validated novel circadian TFs with bioinformatics databases, previous large-scale circadian studies, and related small-scale studies. Moreover, according to predictions inferred from ChIP-Seq experiments reported in the database, 40 of our candidate circadian regulators were confirmed to have circadian genes as direct regulatory targets. In addition, we annotated candidate circadian regulators with disorders that were often associated with disruptions of circadian rhythm in the literature. Conclusion: In summary, our computational analysis, which was followed by an extensive verification by means of a literature review, can contribute to translational study from endocrinology to cancer research and provide insights for future investigation. Copyright © 2019, the Chinese Medical Association.
Morus alba and Morus rubra alleviate hepatic disorder, oxidative DNA damage and gene expression profile change in obese rats; Objective: To examine the impact of Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts on physiological and metabolic functions of obese male rats induced by high fat diet. Methods: Orlistat was used as standard drug. Seventy Wistar male rats (weighing 150-160 g) were fed for 12 weeks with high fat diet to induce obesity. The obese rats were randomly assigned to three groups (10 rats each) and treated with Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts or orlistat for 6 consecutive weeks. The level of visfatin was measured by enzyme-linked-immunosorbent. The suppression impact of extracts against DNA adducts 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and 2-deoxyguanosine (2-dG) generation was measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. Expression of genes including ATP- citrate-lyase, peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-γ and HMG CoA reductase in liver tissues were also measured by quantitative real time-polymerase chain reaction. Results: Treatment with the Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts and orlistat significantly decreased visfatin level. Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts significantly decreased the levels of mRNA expression of ATP-citrate-lyase, HMG CoA reductase genes, and peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-γ compared with high fat diet rats. In addition, Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts decreased the level of 8-OHdG/2-dG ratio. Conclusions: The ameliorating effect of Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts on visfatin levels reducing fat may be attributed to the rich content of polyphenolic which suppresses lipid synthesis in liver tissues. Moreover, anti-DNA damage effect of Morus rubra and Morus alba extracts suggests their role as natural antioxidants against diseases such as obesity associated with genetic damage. © 2009-2019, JGPT. All Rights Reserved.
Prediction of type 2 diabetes mellitus using noninvasive MRI quantitation of visceral abdominal adiposity tissue volume; Background: The correlation between visceral adipose tissue volume (VATV), hepatic proton-density fat fraction (PDFF), and pancreatic PDFF has been previously studied to predict the presence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study investigated VATV quantitation in patients with T2DM, prediabetes, and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) using MRI to assess the roles of VATV, hepatic, and pancreatic PDFF in predicting the presence of T2DM. Methods: Forty-eight patients with a new clinical diagnosis of T2DM (n=15), prediabetes (n=17), or NGT (n=16) were included and underwent abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanning with the iterative decomposition of water and fat with echo asymmetry and least square estimation image quantification (IDEAL-IQ) sequencing. VATV was obtained at the level of the 2nd and 3rd lumbar vertebral bodies (VATV L2 and VATV L3) where the sum of VATV L2 and VATV L3 (total VATV) were computed, respectively. Also, pancreatic and hepatic fat content was quantified by measuring the PDFF. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and binary logistics regression model analysis were employed to evaluate their ability to predict the presence of T2DM. Results: The VATV L2, VATV L3, and total VATV values of the T2DM group were significantly higher than the prediabetes and NGT groups (P<0.05). There was no statistically significant difference between the values of VATV L2, VATV L3, and total VATV between the prediabetes and NGT groups (P>0.05). The ROC curve showed the areas under the curve for VATV L2, VATV L3, total VATV, hepatic PDFF, and pancreatic PDFF were 0.76, 0.80, 0.80, 0.79, and 0.75, respectively, in predicting the presence of T2DM (P<0.01). The ROC curves of VATV L2, VATV L3, total VATV, hepatic PDFF, and pancreatic PDFF failed to predict the presence of prediabetes and NGT (P>0.05). The binary logistics regression model analysis revealed that only VATV L3 was independently associated with the incidence of T2DM (P=0.01 and OR =1.01). The sensitivity, specificity, and total accuracy were 80.00%, 88.20%, and 84.40%, respectively. Conclusions: Compared with hepatic PDFF, pancreatic PDFF, VAVT L2, and total VATV, VAVT L3 was the better predictor of T2DM. © Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery. All rights reserved.
Association between thymosin beta4 and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background and aims: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common type of chronic liver injury worldwide. Some studies have shown that thymosin beta4 (TΒ4) is closely related to liver diseases. Nevertheless, only a few published studies have reported the relationship between TΒ4 and NAFLD. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the levels of TΒ4 in patients with NAFLD compared with controls and to validate their relationship in a larger cohort. Patients and methods: a total of 76 NAFLD patients and 130 healthy controls were included in the study. Serum levels of TΒ4, IL-6 and adiponectin were determined by ELISA. Serum glucose, insulin and lipids, as well as liver function were measured. Multivariate statistical analyses were performed via logistic regression modelling to determine the predictors with a significant relevance to NAFLD. The association between serum TΒ4 and study variables was tested using correlation coefficients calculations. Results: serum TΒ4 content was 3.20 ± 0.98 mg/l in NAFLD patients (n = 76) and 5.53 ± 1.24 mg/l in healthy controls (n = 130); the difference between the two groups was statistically significant (p = 0.000). Multivariate logistic regression analysis identified TΒ4 (OR = 0.343, 95% CI 0.240-0.491, p < 0.001), LDL (OR = 1.019, 95% CI 1.007-1.030, p = 0.001), ALT (OR = 1.021, 95% CI 1.001-1.041, p = 0.040) and IL-6 (OR = 1.443, 95% CI 1.079-1.929, p = 0.013) as independent predictors of NAFLD diagnosis. Serum TΒ4 levels had a significant negative correlation with total cholesterol, TG, AST, GGT and IL-6 (p < 0.05 for all) and the correlation coefficient values were -0.163, -0.253, -0.143, -0.245 and -0.155, respectively. Serum TΒ4 levels were positively correlated with serum adiponectin levels, with a correlation coefficient value of 0.143. Conclusion: serum TΒ4 may play a defensive role in the development of NAFLD. Further studies are needed to confirm the role of TΒ4 in NAFLD. © 2019. SEPD y ARÁN EDICIONES, S.L.
Childhood Fructoholism and Fructoholic Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an emerging entity, becoming the most prevalent pediatric chronic liver disease. Its broad spectrum of histological findings, comorbidities, and complications, including cirrhosis and liver failure, can occur in childhood, emphasizing the severity of pediatric NAFLD. Current lifestyle and diet modifications have been linked to the increasing prevalence of NAFLD, including the rise of fructose consumption, a monosaccharide present in foods that contain added sugar, such as sugar-sweetened beverages. Excessive fructose consumption is believed to cause addiction like alcohol and other drugs. As such, the new term “fructoholism” refers to the consumption of a substance (fructose) that can cause psychological and physical damage and become a major public health concern, highlighting the seriousness of the excessive consumption of fructose in the pediatric age. Hepatic fructose metabolization leads to hepatic steatosis and progression to fibrosis through mechanisms comparable to alcoholic liver disease, hence the term “fructoholic liver disease.” Conclusion: The importance of implementing reliable global strategies, such as education campaigns to promote healthy diet, increasing taxes on foods that contain added sugars, subsidies to promote accessibility to fruit and vegetables, and strict food industry regulation to reduce sugar intake in children and adolescents, cannot be overemphasized. © 2018 The Authors. Hepatology Communications published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc., on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
The insulin like growth factor and binding protein family: Novel therapeutic targets in obesity & diabetes; Background: Recent changes in nutrition and lifestyle have provoked an unprecedented increase in the prevalence of obesity and metabolic disorders. Recognition of the adverse effects on health has prompted intense efforts to understand the molecular determinants of insulin sensitivity and dysglycemia. In many respects, actions of insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) mirror those of insulin in metabolic regulation. Unlike insulin, however, the bioactivity of IGFs is regulated by a family of seven high-affinity binding proteins (IGFBPs) which confer temporospatial modulation with implications for metabolic homeostasis. In addition, evidence is accumulating that IGF-independent actions of certain of the IGFBPs can directly modulate insulin sensitivity. Scope of review: In this review, we discuss the experimental data indicating a critical role for IGF/IGFBP axis in metabolic regulation. We highlight key discoveries through which IGFBPs have emerged as biomarkers or putative therapeutic targets in obesity and diabetes. Major conclusions: Growing evidence suggests that several components of the IGF-IGFBP system could be explored for therapeutic potential in metabolic disorders. Both IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2 have been favorably linked with insulin sensitivity in humans and preclinical data implicate direct involvement in the molecular regulation of insulin signaling and adiposity respectively. Further studies are warranted to evaluate clinical translation of these findings. © 2018 The Authors
Diversified gut microbiota in newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a high-risk pregnancy complication of great effect on the perinatal health of women and newborns, may cause changes of gut microbiota in mothers and further affect gut microbiota in newborns. This study aimed to investigate the potential effect of mother GDM on newborns’ gut microbiota. Meconium DNA was extracted from a total of 34 full-term and C-sectioned newborns, in which 20 newborns had mothers diagnosed with GDM, while 14 had unaffected mothers. Sequencing and bioinformatics analysis of 16S rRNA indicated that the gut microbiota of GDM newborns showed differences compared to control newborns. The taxonomy analyses suggested that the overall bacterial content significantly differed by maternal diabetes status, with the microbiome of the GDM group showing lower alpha-diversity than that of control group. The phyla of Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria in GDM newborns increased, while that of Bacteroidetes significantly reduced (P<0.05). Moreover, several unique gut microbiota in phylum of Proteobacteria, Firmicutes, Actinobacteria, Bacteroidetes, Chloroflexi, Acidobacteria, and Planctomycetes found in control newborns were absent in GDM ones. At genus level, the relative abundance of Prevotella and Lactobacillus significantly decreased (P<0.05) in GDM newborns. Correlation analysis indicated that maternal fasting glucose levels were positively correlated with the relative abundance of phylum Actinobacteria and genus Acinetobacter, while negatively correlated with that of phylum Bacteroidetes and genus Prevotella. However, bacteria in GDM grade A2 (GDM_A2) newborns did not show any statistical variation compared to those from control newborns, which might be attributed to the additional intervention by insulin. The results of this study have important implications for understanding the potential effects of GDM on the gut microbiota of newborns and thus possibly their metabolism at later stages in their lives. © 2018 Su et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Epidemic T2DM, early development and epigenetics: implications of the Chinese Famine; The gene–environment interactions resulting from famine and the subsequent increased intergenerational risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have contributed to the current epidemic of T2DM in China, which poses major social, health and economic challenges. The epidemic of T2DM could threaten national development in China through premature morbidity and mortality from T2DM and associated non-communicable diseases. The Chinese Famine (1959–1961), as a contributor to the nation’s current national T2DM epidemic, provides an important and urgent public health warning. The effects of the famine give a strong message that research and actions that address the prevention of T2DM cannot be confined to lifestyle measures, as used in the landmark Da Qing study and the lifestyle prevention programmes and pharmaceutical interventions used in Western nations. To stem the T2DM epidemic, a new paradigm for prevention of T2DM must be developed. This paradigm should include a very strong emphasis on pregnancy planning and maternal and child health during and after the pregnancy. Without action, intergenerational cycles initiated by epigenetic modifications resulting from adverse environmental stimuli during the critical window of early development in utero might continue to fuel the T2DM epidemic in future generations. © 2018, Springer Nature Limited.
Circulating osteonectin and adipokine profiles in relation to metabolically healthy obesity in Chinese children: Findings from BCAMS; Background-—The role of adipokine dysregulation in determining the metabolic fate of obesity is not well studied. We aimed to examine whether the matricellular protein osteonectin and the profiles of certain adipokines could differentiate metabolically healthy obese (MHO) versus metabolically unhealthy obese phenotypes in childhood. Methods and Results-—This study included 1137 obese children and 982 normal-weight healthy (NWH) controls recruited from the BCAMS (Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome) study. MHO was defined by the absence of insulin resistance and/or any metabolic syndrome components. Six adipokines—osteonectin, leptin, adiponectin, resistin, FGF21 (fibroblast growth factor 21), and RBP-4 (retinol binding protein 4)—were assessed. Approximately 20% of obese children displayed the MHO phenotype. MHO children had a more favorable adipokine profile than metabolically unhealthy obese children, with lower osteonectin, leptin, and RBP-4 and higher adiponectin (all P<0.05). Compared with normal-weight healthy controls, MHO children displayed increased leptin, resistin, and RBP-4 levels and reduced adiponectin concentrations (all P<0.05) but similar osteonectin and FGF21 levels. Among obese subjects, decreased osteonectin (odds ratio [OR]: 0.82; 95% confidence interval [CI] per standard deviation, 0.70– 0.97), RBP-4 (OR: 0.77; 95% CI per standard deviation, 0.64–0.93), and leptin/adiponectin ratio (OR: 0.58; 95% CI per standard deviation, 0.43–0.77) were independent predictors of MHO. In addition, compared with children without abnormalities, those with any 3 adipokine abnormalities were 80% less likely to exhibit the MHO phenotype (OR: 0.20; 95% CI, 0.10–0.43) and 3 times more likely to have metabolic syndrome (OR: 2.77; 95% CI, 1.52–5.03). Conclusions-—These findings suggest that dysregulation of adipokines might govern the metabolic consequences of obesity in children. Low osteonectin levels, along with a healthy adipokine profile, might be used as an early marker of the MHO phenotype. © 2018 The Authors.
Towards frailty biomarkers: Candidates from genes and pathways regulated in aging and age-related diseases; Objective: Use of the frailty index to measure an accumulation of deficits has been proven a valuable method for identifying elderly people at risk for increased vulnerability, disease, injury, and mortality. However, complementary molecular frailty biomarkers or ideally biomarker panels have not yet been identified. We conducted a systematic search to identify biomarker candidates for a frailty biomarker panel. Methods: Gene expression databases were searched (http://genomics.senescence.info/genes including GenAge, AnAge, LongevityMap, CellAge, DrugAge, Digital Aging Atlas) to identify genes regulated in aging, longevity, and age-related diseases with a focus on secreted factors or molecules detectable in body fluids as potential frailty biomarkers. Factors broadly expressed, related to several “hallmark of aging” pathways as well as used or predicted as biomarkers in other disease settings, particularly age-related pathologies, were identified. This set of biomarkers was further expanded according to the expertise and experience of the authors. In the next step, biomarkers were assigned to six “hallmark of aging” pathways, namely (1) inflammation, (2) mitochondria and apoptosis, (3) calcium homeostasis, (4) fibrosis, (5) NMJ (neuromuscular junction) and neurons, (6) cytoskeleton and hormones, or (7) other principles and an extensive literature search was performed for each candidate to explore their potential and priority as frailty biomarkers. Results: A total of 44 markers were evaluated in the seven categories listed above, and 19 were awarded a high priority score, 22 identified as medium priority and three were low priority. In each category high and medium priority markers were identified. Conclusion: Biomarker panels for frailty would be of high value and better than single markers. Based on our search we would propose a core panel of frailty biomarkers consisting of (1) CXCL10 (C-X-C motif chemokine ligand 10), IL-6 (interleukin 6), CX3CL1 (C-X3-C motif chemokine ligand 1), (2) GDF15 (growth differentiation factor 15), FNDC5 (fibronectin type III domain containing 5), vimentin (VIM), (3) regucalcin (RGN/SMP30), calreticulin, (4) PLAU (plasminogen activator, urokinase), AGT (angiotensinogen), (5) BDNF (brain derived neurotrophic factor), progranulin (PGRN), (6) α-klotho (KL), FGF23 (fibroblast growth factor 23), FGF21, leptin (LEP), (7) miRNA (micro Ribonucleic acid) panel (to be further defined), AHCY (adenosylhomocysteinase) and KRT18 (keratin 18). An expanded panel would also include (1) pentraxin (PTX3), sVCAM/ICAM (soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1/Intercellular adhesion molecule 1), defensin α, (2) APP (amyloid beta precursor protein), LDH (lactate dehydrogenase), (3) S100B (S100 calcium binding protein B), (4) TGFβ (transforming growth factor beta), PAI-1 (plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), TGM2 (transglutaminase 2), (5) sRAGE (soluble receptor for advanced glycosylation end products), HMGB1 (high mobility group box 1), C3/C1Q (complement factor 3/1Q), ST2 (Interleukin 1 receptor like 1), agrin (AGRN), (6) IGF-1 (insulin-like growth factor 1), resistin (RETN), adiponectin (ADIPOQ), ghrelin (GHRL), growth hormone (GH), (7) microparticle panel (to be further defined), GpnmB (glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B) and lactoferrin (LTF). We believe that these predicted panels need to be experimentally explored in animal models and frail cohorts in order to ascertain their diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic potential. © 2018 The Authors
Feeding a slowly digestible carbohydrate diet during pregnancy of insulin-resistant rats prevents the excess of adipogenesis in their offspring; An obesogenic environment during pregnancy has been shown to increase the risk of dysregulation on adipogenesis and insulin resistance in the offspring. Being essential for the growing fetus, glucose supply is guaranteed by a number of modifications in the mother's metabolism, and thus, glucose control during pregnancy especially among obese or diabetic women is paramount to prevent adverse consequences in their children. Besides the election of low-glycemic-index carbohydrates, the rate of carbohydrate digestion could be relevant to keep a good glucose control. In the present study, we compared the effects of two high-fat diets with similar glycemic load but different rates of carbohydrate digestion given to pregnant insulin-resistant rats. After birth, all animals were fed a standard diet until age 14 weeks. We analyzed offspring body composition, plasma and adipocyte lipidomics, lipid metabolism in adipose tissue and insulin sensitivity. Those animals whose mothers were fed the rapid-digesting carbohydrate diet exhibited an excessive adipogenesis. Thus, these animals showed a marked lipidemia, increased lipid synthesis in the adipose tissue and reduced glucose transporter amount in the adipose. On the contrary, those animals whose mothers were fed the slow-digesting carbohydrate diet showed a profile in the measured parameters closer to that of the offspring of healthy mothers. These results support the hypothesis that not only glycemic index but the rate of carbohydrate digestion during gestation may be critical to regulate the programming of adipogenesis in the offspring. © 2018 The Authors
Prepregnancy obesity status and risks on pregnancy outcomes in Shanghai: A prospective cohort study; Obesity in women of reproductive age is not only associated with numerous adverse maternal and fetal effects prenatally but also exerts a negative influence on female fertility. The aim of this study was to investigate the situation of prepregnant obesity in Shanghai and explore the impact of prepregnant obesity on gestational weight gain as well as other pregnancy outcomes. A prospective hospital-based pregnant women cohort was established in Shanghai since January 2015. All pregnant women who were registered and expected to deliver in this hospital were included in the cohort. Nearly one fourth of pregnant women in Shanghai were overweight/obese and the prevalence of overweight/obesity was more common among women with advancing age (P < .001). Women prepregnancy overweight/obesity was associated with 3.5-fold higher risk of excessive gestational weight gain (odds ratio, OR 3.58; 95% confidence interval, CI, 2.82–4.55; P < .001). Women prepregnancy BMI was statistically related to pregnancy outcomes as macrosomia (OR 2.24; 95% CI, 1.55–3.23; P < .001), cesarean delivery (OR 2.04; 95% CI, 1.60–2.62; P < .001), maternal complications (OR 1.53; 95% CI, 1.18–1.98; P < .001). Prepregnancy obesity is associated with a much higher risk of excessive gestational weight gain and pregnancy outcomes in Shanghai. Further interventions targeting maternal obesity, especially prepregnancy obesity are required. Copyright © 2018 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Primate fetal hepatic responses to maternal obesity: epigenetic signalling pathways and lipid accumulation; Key points: Maternal obesity (MO) and exposure to a high-fat, high-simple-carbohydrate diet during pregnancy predisposes offspring to obesity, metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in later life. Underlying molecular pathways and potential epigenetic factors that are dysregulated in MO were identified using unbiased transcriptomic methods. There was increased lipid accumulation and severe steatosis in the MO baboon fetal liver suggesting that these offspring are on an early trajectory of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. Abstract: Maternal obesity (MO) increases offspring cardiometabolic disease risk. Altered fetal liver development in response to the challenge of MO has metabolic consequences underlying adverse offspring life-course health outcomes. Little is known about the molecular pathways and potential epigenetic changes regulating primate fetal liver responses to MO. We hypothesized that MO would induce fetal baboon liver epigenetic changes resulting in dysregulation of key metabolic pathways that impact lipid metabolism. MO was induced prior to pregnancy by a high-fat, high-fructose diet. Unbiased gene and microRNA (small RNA Seq) abundance analyses were performed on fetal baboon livers at 0.9 gestation and subjected to pathway analyses to identify fetal liver molecular responses to MO. Fetal baboon liver lipid and glycogen content were quantified by the Computer Assisted Stereology Toolbox. In response to MO, fetal livers revealed dysregulation of TCA cycle, proteasome, oxidative phosphorylation, glycolysis and Wnt/β-catenin signalling pathways together with marked lipid accumulation supporting our hypothesis that multiple pathway dysregulation detrimentally impacts lipid management. This is the first study of MO programming of the non-human primate fetal liver using unbiased transcriptome analysis to detect changes in hepatic gene expression levels and identify potential microRNA epigenetic regulators of metabolic disruption. © 2018 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2018 The Physiological Society
Red Meat Consumption (Heme Iron Intake) and Risk for Diabetes and Comorbidities?; Purpose of Review: To examine the role of red meat consumption, especially heme iron intake, and risk for diabetes and its comorbidities. Recent Findings: Studies consistently show that consumption of red meat has been contributory to a multitude of chronic conditions such as diabetes, CVD, and malignancies. There are various emerging reasons that strengthen this link—from the basic constituents of red meat like the heme iron component, the metabolic reactions that take place after consumption, and finally to the methods used to cook it. The causative links show that even occasional use raises the risk of T2DM. Summary: Prior studies show how nitrites and nitrates in red meat can lead to increased insulin resistance, dysregulated blood glucose levels, and elevated oxidative stress all leading to chronic diseases. With the rise in these preventable chronic diseases, we examine how disease-causing links can be eliminated with appropriate lifestyle choices. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Intermittent administration of a fasting-mimicking diet intervenes in diabetes progression, restores β cells and reconstructs gut microbiota in mice; Fasting and especially intermittent fasting have been shown to be an effective intervention in many diseases, such as obesity and diabetes. The fasting-mimicking diet (FMD) has recently been found to ameliorate metabolic disorders. To investigate the effect of a new type of low-protein low-carbohydrate FMD on diabetes, we tested an FMD in db/db mice, a genetic model of type 2 diabetes. The diet was administered every other week for a total of 8 weeks. The intermittent FMD normalized blood glucose levels in db/db mice, with significant improvements in insulin sensitivity and β cell function. The FMD also reduced hepatic steatosis in the mice. Deterioration of pancreatic islets and the loss of β cells in the diabetic mice were prevented by the FMD. The expression of β cell progenitor marker Ngn3 was increased by the FMD. In addition, the FMD led to the reconstruction of gut microbiota. Intermittent application of the FMD increased the genera of Parabacteroides and Blautia while reducing Prevotellaceae, Alistipes and Ruminococcaceae. The changes in these bacteria were also correlated with the fasting blood glucose levels of the mice. Furthermore, intermittent FMD was able to reduce fasting blood glucose level and increase β cells in STZ-induced type 1 diabetic mouse model. In conclusion, our study provides evidence that the intermittent application of an FMD is able to effectively intervene in the progression of diabetes in mice. © 2018 The Author(s).
Serum selenoprotein P, but not selenium, predicts future hyperglycemia in a general Japanese population; We aimed to test the hypothesis that selenoprotein P (SELENOP), a hepatokine involved in the development of both insulin resistance and impaired insulin production in mice, is related to future onset of hyperglycemia in humans. 76 healthy non-pregnant human subjects without diabetes underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at baseline and 4-years follow-up. Nine subjects developed either impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes at follow-up. At baseline, SELENOP concentrations correlated negatively with insulinogenic index, but not with homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Multivariate analysis showed that baseline SELENOP predicted fasting plasma glucose at follow-up independently of the other parameters. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis showed that baseline concentrations of serum SELENOP, but not of selenium, were a reliable test to predict future onset of glucose intolerance. In conclusion, elevation of circulating SELENOP, but not of circulating selenium, was positively and independently associated with future onset of glucose intolerance in a general Japanese population. © 2018, The Author(s).
Inflammation Markers in Type 2 Diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome in the Pediatric Population; Purpose of Review: Chronic inflammation, adipokines, and hepatokines have been identified as basis of insulin resistance and β cell failure in animal models. We present our current knowledge concerning the potential relationship between these cytokines, inflammation, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the pediatric population. Recent Findings: Pro-inflammatory cytokines related to insulin resistance and MetS in children are tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-1β, interferon gamma, pigment epithelium-derived factor, chemerin, vaspin, and fetuin A. Anti-inflammatory cytokines associated with insulin resistance and MetS in children are leptin, adiponectin, omentin, fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-21, osteocalcin, and irisin. These anti-inflammatory cytokines are decreased (adiponectin, omentin, and osteocalcin) or increased (leptin, FGF-21, and irisin) in obesity suggesting a resistance state. TNF-α, fetuin A, and FGF-21 are altered in obese children with T2DM suggesting an involvement in β cell failure. Summary: These cytokines, adipokines, and hepatokines may be able to predict development of MetS and T2DM and have a potential therapeutic target ameliorating insulin resistance. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
A Pilot Randomized-Controlled Trial on the Effect of CPAP Treatment on Glycemic Control in Gestational Diabetes: Study Design and Methods; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term maternal and fetal outcomes. Observational data support a link between sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) during pregnancy and GDM. However, it is unknown whether treatment of SDB with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) improves glucose control in this patient population. In addition, CPAP adherence and feasibility as a treatment option in pregnancy is unknown. This pilot randomized, controlled trial aims to primarily determine the feasibility of CPAP treatment in pregnant women with SDB and GDM. This study is also investigating the effect of SDB treatment on 24-h glucose profiles as an exploratory outcome. Objectives: To describe the study methodology in this ongoing study of pregnant women with GDM and SDB. Patients and Methods: Pregnant women with GDM and SDB defined by apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) ≥10 (Chicago Scoring Criteria) on level 2 polysomnography are randomized to either auto titrating CPAP (experimental group) or a nasal dilator strip (control group) until delivery. The primary outcome, objectively-assessed adherence to CPAP, is measured over the course of the treatment period using device-specific software. Recruitment and retention rates will be calculated to assess the feasibility for planning future trials. Twenty-four hour glucose profiles are measured over a 72-h period using the continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) system, before and after the intervention. Conclusion: The results of this study will be highly informative to determine whether CPAP is a feasible treatment for pregnant women with GDM and SDB, a specialized population at risk for substantial comorbidity. The trial results will ultimately be useful in planning future SDB treatment trials in pregnancy and GDM. The study is registered on clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02245659). © Copyright © 2018 Pamidi, Meltzer, Garfield, Lavigne, Olha, Khalyfa, Benedetti, Tremblay, Gagnon, Rey, Dasgupta and Kimoff.
The effect of a single intramuscular injection of cholecalciferol on the serum levels of vitamin D, adiponectin, insulin resistance, and liver function in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): A randomized, controlled clinical trial; Background: Due to the fact that there is evidence indicating the role of Vitamin D in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) as well as insulin resistance (IR) and adipokines production, studies examining Vitamin D on the metabolic factors involving NAFLD is required. Objectives: Therefore, we aimed to investigate the effect of single intramuscular injection of cholecalciferol on serum levels of Vitamin D, biochemical factors, and liver function status of women with NAFLD. Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 82 NAFLD patients with Vitamin D deficiency (< 30 ng/mL), who were selected through convenience sampling from October 2015 to March 2016 in Tabriz, Iran, and were randomly assigned into an intervention (a single intramuscular injection of 600,000 IU of cholecalciferol) or control group. Before and after the study, serum glucose, insulin, 25-hydroxy Vitamin D, adiponectin, liver enzymes, calcium, phosphors and parathyroid hormone (PTH), as well as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), body composition, dietary intake, and physical activity level were assessed. Results: After one month intervention, serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D significantly increased in the intervention group vs. the control (24.9 ± 17.4 vs. 9.1 ± 5.6, P = 0.003). Total body fat (TF) decreased in the intervention group (P = 0.001) while visceral fat (VF) was significantly different between the groups (P < 0.001). Adiponectin, calcium, phosphors, and PTH levels increased, while liver enzymes, insulin, and HOMA-IR decreased in both groups (P < 0.05). There were significant differences in mean changes of serum 25(OH) D, PTH, ALT, AST, ALP, and FBS between the groups after adjusting for baseline, TF and VF. Vitamin D injection did improve NAFLD severity (P = 0.01). Conclusions: Cholecalciferol injection improved Vitamin D status and hepatic steatosis. © 2018, Author(s).
Heat shock proteins as a potential therapeutic target in the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus: What we know so far; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex condition that involves a variety of pathological mechanisms, including pancreatic β-cell failure, insulin resistance, and inflammation. There is an increasing body of literature suggesting that these interrelated phenomena may arise from the common mechanism of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. Both obesity-associated nutrient excess and hyperglycemia disturb ER function in protein folding and transport. This results in the accumulation of polypeptides in the ER lumen and impairs insulin secretion and signaling. Exercise elicits metabolic adaptive responses, which may help to restore normal chaperone expression in insulin-resistant tissues. Pharmacological induction of chaperones, mimicking the metabolic effect of exercise, is a promising therapeutic tool for preventing GDM by maintaining the body’s natural stress response. Metformin, a commonly used diabetes medication, has recently been identified as a modulator of ER-stress-associated inflammation. The results of recent studies suggest the potential use of chemical ER chaperones and antioxidant vitamins as therapeutic interventions that can prevent glucose-induced ER stress in GDM placentas. In this review, we discuss whether chaperones may significantly contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM, as well as whether they can be a potential therapeutic target in GDM treatment. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Cigarette smoke during breastfeeding in rats changes glucocorticoid and vitamin D status in obese adult offspring; Maternal smoking increases obesogenesis in the progeny. Obesity is associated with several hormonal dysfunctions. In a rat model of postnatal tobacco smoke exposure, we previously reported increased central fat depot and disruption of some hormonal systems in the adult offspring. As both glucocorticoids and vitamin D alter lipogenesis and adipogenesis, here we evaluated the metabolism of these two hormones in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and liver by Western blotting, and possible associations with lipogenesis biomarkers in adult rats that were exposed to tobacco smoke during their suckling period. At postnatal day (PN) 3, dams and offspring of both sexes were exposed (S group) or not (C group) to tobacco smoke, 4 × 1 h/day. At PN180, corticosteronemia was lower in S male and higher in S female offspring, without alterations in peripheral glucocorticoid metabolism and receptor. Adrenal ACTH receptor (MC2R) was higher in both sexes of S group. Despite unchanged serum vitamin D, liver 25-hydroxylase was higher in both sexes of S group. Male S offspring had higher 1α-hydroxylase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), and fatty acid synthase (FAS) in VAT. Both sexes showed increased ACC protein content and reduced sirtuin mRNA in liver. Male S offspring had lower liver peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α. Tobacco exposure during lactation induced abdominal obesity in both sexes via distinct mechanisms. Males and females seem to develop HPA-axis dysfunction instead of changes in glucocorticoid metabolism and action. Lipogenesis in VAT and liver, as well as vitamin D status, are more influenced by postnatal smoke exposure in male than in female adult rat offspring. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Current understanding of the role of nesfatin-1; Nesfatin-1 was discovered in 2006 and implicated in the regulation of food intake. Subsequently, its widespread central and peripheral distribution gave rise to additional effects. Indeed, a multitude of actions were described, including modulation of gastrointestinal functions, glucose and lipid metabolism, thermogenesis, mediation of anxiety and depression, as well as cardiovascular and reproductive functions. Recent years have witnessed a great increase in our knowledge of these effects and their underlying mechanisms, which will be discussed in the present review. Lastly, gaps in knowledge will be highlighted to foster further studies. © 2018 Endocrine Society.
Prediction of glucose metabolism disorder risk using a machine learning algorithm: Pilot study; Background: A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) provides important information about glucose metabolism, although the test is expensive and invasive. Complete OGTT information, such as 1-hour and 2-hour postloading plasma glucose and immunoreactive insulin levels, may be useful for predicting the future risk of diabetes or glucose metabolism disorders (GMD), which includes both diabetes and prediabetes. Objective: We trained several classification models for predicting the risk of developing diabetes or GMD using data from thousands of OGTTs and a machine learning technique (XGBoost). The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves and their area under the curve (AUC) values for the trained classification models are reported, along with the sensitivity and specificity determined by the cutoff values of the Youden index. We compared the performance of the machine learning techniques with logistic regressions (LR), which are traditionally used in medical research studies. Methods: Data were collected from subjects who underwent multiple OGTTs during comprehensive check-up medical examinations conducted at a single facility in Tokyo, Japan, from May 2006 to April 2017. For each examination, a subject was diagnosed with diabetes or prediabetes according to the American Diabetes Association guidelines. Given the data, 2 studies were conducted: predicting the risk of developing diabetes (study 1) or GMD (study 2). For each study, to apply supervised machine learning methods, the required label data was prepared. If a subject was diagnosed with diabetes or GMD at least once during the period, then that subject's data obtained in previous trials were classified into the risk group (y=1). After data processing, 13,581 and 6760 OGTTs were analyzed for study 1 and study 2, respectively. For each study, a randomly chosen subset representing 80% of the data was used for training 9 classification models and the remaining 20% was used for evaluating the models. Three classification models, A to C, used XGBoost with various input variables, some including OGTT data. The other 6 classification models, D to I, used LR for comparison. Results: For study 1, the AUC values ranged from 0.78 to 0.93. For study 2, the AUC values ranged from 0.63 to 0.78. The machine learning approach using XGBoost showed better performance compared with traditional LR methods. The AUC values increased when the full OGTT variables were included. In our analysis using a particular setting of input variables, XGBoost showed that the OGTT variables were more important than fasting plasma glucose or glycated hemoglobin. Conclusions: A machine learning approach, XGBoost, showed better prediction accuracy compared with LR, suggesting that advanced machine learning methods are useful for detecting the early signs of diabetes or GMD. The prediction accuracy increased when all OGTT variables were added. This indicates that complete OGTT information is important for predicting the future risk of diabetes and GMD accurately. © Katsutoshi Maeta, Yu Nishiyama, Kazutoshi Fujibayashi, Toshiaki Gunji, Noriko Sasabe, Kimiko Iijima, Toshio Naito. Originally published in JMIR Diabetes (http://diabetes.jmir.org), 26.11.2018. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work, first published in JMIR Diabetes, is properly cited. The complete bibliographic information, a link to the original publication on http://diabetes.jmir.org/, as well as this copyright and license information must be included.
Impact of prenatal arsenic exposure on chronic adult diseases; Exposure to environmental stressors during susceptible windows of development can result in negative health outcomes later in life, a concept known as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD). There is a growing body of evidence that exposures to metals early in life (in utero and postnatal) increase the risk of developing adult diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and diabetes. Of particular concern is exposure to the metalloid arsenic, a drinking water contaminant and worldwide health concern. Epidemiological studies of areas with high levels of arsenic in the drinking water, such as some regions in Chile and Bangladesh, indicate an association between in utero arsenic exposure and the development of adult diseases. Therefore, the need for experimental models to address the mechanism underlining early onset of adult diseases have emerged including the in utero and whole-life exposure models. This review will highlight the epidemiological events and subsequent novel experimental models implemented to study the impact of early life exposure to arsenic on the development of adult diseases. In addition, current research using these models will be discussed as well as possible underlying mechanism for the early onset of disease. Abbreviations: ALT: alanine aminotransferase; AMI: acute myocardial infarction; AST: aspartate aminotransferase; ATSDR: Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry; CVD: cardiovascular disease; DMA: dimethylarsinate; DOHaD: Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; EPA: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; ER-α: estrogen receptor alpha; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; HOMA-IR: homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance; iAs: inorganic arsenic; LDL: low-density lipoprotein; MetS: metabolic syndrome; MMA: monomethylarsonate; NAFLD: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; PND: postnatal day; ppb: parts per billion; ppm: parts per million; SAM: S-adenosylmethionine; USFDA: United States Food and Drug Administration. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities; Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and XO activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
In Utero and Postnatal Exposure to High Fat, High Sucrose Diet Suppressed Testis Apoptosis and Reduced Sperm Count; Obesity affects male fertility and maternal diabetes affects the offspring sperm epigenome. However, the effects of in utero exposure to maternal glucose intolerance in combination with postnatal high fat, high sucrose (HFHS) diet consumption on offspring spermatogenesis is not clear. The present study was designed to test these effects. One week before and during pregnancy, dams were fed either control or HFHS diet to induce gestational glucose intolerance, and returned to standard diet during lactation. Male offspring from each maternal group were split into control and HFHS-fed groups for eight weeks prior to sacrifice at 11, 19 or 31 weeks of age, and reproductive tissues were harvested for analysis of testicular germ cell apoptosis and sperm output. Postnatal HFHS diet suppressed spermatogonia apoptosis in all age groups and maternal HFHS diet reduced testosterone levels at 11 weeks. At 31 weeks of age, the postnatal HFHS diet increased body weight, and reduced epididymis weight and sperm count. The combination of in utero and postnatal exposure impacted sperm counts most significantly. In summary, HFHS diet during pregnancy puts male offspring at greater risk of infertility, particularly when combined with postnatal high fat diet feeding. © 2018 The Author(s).
Regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism by the pancreatic and extra-pancreatic actions of taurine; The beneficial actions of l-taurine (Tau) against glucose intolerance, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and non-alcoholic fat liver disease (NAFLD) have been linked to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects, which ameliorate tissue insulin sensitivity. Importantly, there are several lines of evidence that indicate a direct action of Tau on the endocrine pancreas to regulate the secretion and paracrine actions of insulin, glucagon, and somatostatin. Furthermore, Tau can also ameliorate glucose metabolism through the enhancement of insulin signaling. However, some of the benefits of Tau upon intermediary metabolism may manifest via considerable antagonism of the action of insulin. Therefore, this review discusses the mechanisms of action by which Tau may regulate endocrine pancreatic morphofunction, and glucose and lipid homeostasis. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature.
Th17 and Treg lymphocytes in obesity and Type 2 diabetic patients; Assumption that the pathogenesis of obesity-associated type 2 diabetes (T2DM) encompasses inflammation and autoimmune aspects is increasingly recognized. In the state of obesity and T2DM, the imbalance of T helper 17 (Th17) cells and regulatory T (Treg) cells are observed. These alterations reflect a loss of T cell homeostasis, which may contribute to tissue and systemic inflammation and immunity in T2DM. In this review we will discuss the accumulating data supporting the concept that Th17/Treg mediated immune responses are present in obesity-related T2DM pathogenesis, and provide evidences that restoration of Th17/Treg imbalance may be a possible therapeutic avenue for the prevention and treatment of T2DM and its complications. © 2018
Analysis of PTEN expression and promoter methylation in Uyghur patients with mild type 2 diabetes mellitus; Phosphatase and tension homolog deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN) was considered as a promising target in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) because of its negative effects on insulin resistance. Alteration in DNA methylation is thought to play a role in the pathogenesis of T2DM. The aim of the present study was to quantitatively evaluate the promoter methylation of PTEN in Uyghur patients with mild T2DM. We evaluated methylation levels in 21 CpG sites from 2515 bp to 2186 bp relative to the translation initiation site in 55 cases of T2DM and 50 cases of normal glucose tolerance (NGT) using the MassARRAY spectrometry. In addition, PTEN mRNA and protein levels were measured by quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and western blotting to determine whether DNA methylation alterations were responsible for PTEN expression. Compared with NGT groups, the PTEN mRNA expression was significantly higher in Uyghur patients with mild T2DM groups. We also showed that PTEN protein expression was upregulated in Uyghur patients with mild T2DM groups, but the level of protein kinase B (AKT) was downregulated. PTEN methylation in T2DM patients was significantly lower than that in NGT groups. In addition, 2 CpG units demonstrated a significant difference between the NGT and Uyghur patients with mild T2DM groups. Furthermore, there was a negative association between promoter methylation and PTEN expression. Together, these findings suggest that epigenetic inactivation of PTEN plays an important role in Uyghur patients with mild T2DM. The aberrant methylation of CpG sites within the PTEN promoter may serve as a potential candidate biomarker for T2DM in the Uyghur population. © 2018 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC-ND), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited. The work cannot be changed in any way or used commercially without permission from the journal.
MiR-138-5p affects insulin resistance to regulate type 2 diabetes progression through inducing autophagy in HepG2 cells by regulating SIRT1; Insulin resistance (IR) is considered as a major factor of type 2 diabetes (T2D), which is seriously detrimental to human health. In our present study, we found that the expression of miR-138-5p was increased in the insulin-resistant HepG2 cells induced by TNF-α. Therefore, we hypothesized that miR-138-5p might play a regulatory role in the IR. To examine this hypothesis, HepG2 cells were transfected with miR-138-5p inhibitor. Silencing of miR-138-5p increased glucose uptake and glycogen synthesis of TNF-α–stimulated HepG2 cells and decreased glucose concentration in medium, suggesting that downregulation of miR-138-5p suppressed IR in HepG2 cells. Besides that, we found that sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) was the target gene of the miR-138-5p. Moreover, co-transfection with SIRT1-siRNA and miR-138-5p inhibitor suppressed glucose uptake and glycogen synthesis of HepG2 cells compared with miR-138-5p inhibitor–transfected group, indicating that downregulation of SIRT1 weakened the inhibitory effect of miR-138-5p inhibitor on IR. In addition, overexpressed SIRT1 increased Beclin1, LC3 II/I level, and the number of GFP-LC3 dots and decreased p62 level, whereas downregulation of SIRT1 had the opposite effects. Our results demonstrated that overexpressed SIRT1 activated autophagy in HepG2 cells. Moreover, we observed that 3-methyladenine (an inhibitor of autophagy) treatment decreased the high glucose uptake and glycogen synthesis of miR-138-5p inhibitor–transfected HepG2 cells, suggesting that the inhibition of autophagy abolished the inhibitory effect of miR-138-5p inhibitor on IR in HepG2 cells. Taken together, this study suggested that miR-138-5p contributed to the TNF-α–induced IR, possibly through inducing autophagy in HepG2 cells by regulating SIRT1. MiR-138-5p might be a potential and promising target for the treatment of IR. © 2018
Expression profile of diabetes-related genes associated with leukocyte sirtuin 1 overexpression in gestational diabetes; Although compelling evidence indicates that Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) plays a prominent role in type 2 diabetes, its relationship with gestational diabetes (GDM) remains elusive. This study was aimed at identifying diabetes-related genes and cellular pathways linked to changes of leukocyte SIRT1 expression at the time of GDM diagnosis. For this purpose, 122 GDM patients were screened for leukocyte SIRT1 expression, and two subgroups were distinguished, namely GDM/SIRT1(↑) (n = 30, p < 0.05) and GDM/SIRT1(↔) (n = 92, p > 0.05), with significant and insignificant changes in leukocyte SIRT1 expression compared to a normal glucose tolerant (NGT) group (n = 41), respectively. PCR array analysis identified 11 diabetes-related genes with at least a ± 2-fold difference in expression in GDM/SIRT1(↑) patients (n = 9) vs. NGT controls (n = 7); in addition, significant differences in the expression of four of the six investigated genes were confirmed between the entire GDM/SIRT1(↑) group and the whole NGT group (p < 0.05). Interestingly, of these four genes, only ACLY expression was found to significantly differ between GDM/SIRT1(↑) and GDM/SIRT1(↔). This study demonstrates that under hyperglycemic conditions, leukocyte SIRT1 overexpression is accompanied by an over-abundance of three transcripts and an under-abundance of another; these four govern related metabolism, inflammation, and transport functions, suggesting that such alterations might represent systemic biological adaptations with a unique ACLY under-expression in GDM/SIRT1(↑) women. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Advances in Pediatric Fatty Liver Disease: Pathogenesis, Diagnosis, and Treatment; Pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is an increasingly prevalent disease, but its pathophysiology is not fully elucidated, diagnosis is difficult and invasive, and therapeutic options are limited. This article addresses the recent advancements made in understanding the pathophysiology of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, the development of less invasive diagnostic modalities, and emerging therapeutic options, including ongoing clinical trials in children. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Global mRNA and long non-coding RNA expression in the placenta and white adipose tissue of mice fed a high-fat diet during pregnancy; Background/Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, but the mechanisms underlying the disorders remain unclear. The study aimed to identify mRNA and long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) profiles in placenta and gonadal fat of pregnant mice fed a high-fat diet and to investigate the transcripts and pathways involved in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: Deep and broad transcriptome profiling was performed to assess the expression of mRNAs and lncRNAs in placenta and gonadal fat from 3 mice fed an HFD and chow during pregnancy. Then, differentially expressed mRNAs and lncRNAs were validated by quantitative real-time PCR. The function of the differentially expressed mRNAs was determined by pathway and Gene Ontology (GO) analyses, and the physical or functional relationships between the lncRNAs and the corresponding mRNAs were determined. Results: Our study revealed that 82 mRNAs and 52 lncRNAs were differentially expressed in the placenta of mice fed an HFD during pregnancy, and 202 mRNAs and 120 lncRNAs were differentially expressed in gonadal fat. GO and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway analyses revealed differentially expressed mRNAs of placenta were closely related to extracellular matrix interactions, digestion, adhesion, and metabolism, whereas the differentially expressed mRNAs in adipose tissue were related to metabolic and insulin signalling pathways. The gene network demonstrated that Actg2, Cnfn, Muc16, Serpina3k, NONMMUT068202, and NONMMUT068203, were the core of the network in placental tissue, and the genes Tkt, Acss2, and Elovl6 served as the core of the network in gonadal fat tissue. Conclusion: These newly identified key genes and pathways in mice might provide valuable information regarding the pathogenesis of GDM and might be used to improve early diagnosis, prevention, drug design, and clinical treatment. © 2018 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Saturated fatty acid alters embryonic cortical neurogenesis through modulation of gene expression in neural stem cells; A perturbed maternal metabolic environment such as chronically elevated circulating free fatty acids have been shown to affect stem cell fate during embryonic neurogenesis. However, molecular mechanisms behind this are not well defined, especially in human. Here in using directed differentiation of human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) into cortical neurons as model, we show that chronically elevated saturated fatty acid (palmitate) results in decreased proliferation of neural stem cells and increased differentiation into neurons. This phenotype could be due to palmitate mediated increased expression of key genes needed for neuronal differentiation such as EOMES, TBR1, NEUROD1 and RELN and reduced expression of SREBP regulated lipogenic genes at early stages of cortical differentiation. Furthermore, palmitate treatment increased histone acetylation globally and at select gene promoters among affected genes. We also found differential expression of several lncRNAs associated with cellular stress and metabolic diseases in the presence of palmitate including BDNF-AS suggesting the contribution of additional epigenetic regulatory mechanisms. Together, our results show that saturated fatty acid affects developmental neurogenesis through modulation of gene expression and through epigenetic regulatory mechanisms. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
SPARC expression is associated with hepatic injury in rodents and humans with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Mechanisms that control progression from simple steatosis to steato-hepatitis and fibrosis in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are unknown. SPARC, a secreted matricellular protein, is over-expressed in the liver under chronic injury. Contribution of SPARC accumulation to disease severity is largely unknown in NAFLD. We assessed the hypothesis that SPARC is increased in livers with more necrosis and inflammation and could be associated with more fibrosis. qrt-PCR, immunohistochemistry, and ELISA were employed to localize and quantify changes in SPARC in 62 morbidly obese patients with NAFLD/NASH and in a mouse model of diet-induced-NASH. Results were correlated with the severity of NAFLD/NASH. In obese patients 2 subgroups were identified with either high SPARC expression (n = 16) or low SPARC expression (n = 46) in the liver, with a cutoff of 1.2 fold expression. High expression of SPARC paralleled hepatocellular damage and increased mRNA expression of pro-fibrogenic factors in the liver. In line with these findings, in the NASH animal model SPARC knockout mice were protected from inflammatory injury, and showed less inflammation and fibrosis. Hepatic SPARC expression is associated with liver injury and fibrogenic processes in NAFLD. SPARC has potential as preventive or therapeutic target in NAFLD patients. © 2018 The Author(s).
Antioxidants and oxidative stress: Focus in obese pregnancies; The prevalence of obesity in women of childbearing age around the globe has dramatically increased in the last decades. Obesity is characterized by a low-state chronic inflammation, metabolism impairment and oxidative stress, among other pathological changes. Getting pregnant in this situation involves that gestation will occur in an unhealthy environment, that can potentially jeopardize both maternal and fetal health. In this review, we analyze the role of maternal obesity-induced oxidative stress as a risk factor to develop adverse outcomes during gestation, including reduced fertility, spontaneous abortion, teratogenesis, preeclampsia, and intrauterine growth restriction. Evidences of macromolecule oxidation increase in reactive oxygen species generation and antioxidant defense alterations are commonly described in maternal and fetal tissues. Thus, antioxidant supplementation become an interesting prophylactic and therapeutic tool, that yields positive results in cellular, and animal models. However, the results from most meta-analysis studying the effect of these therapies in complicated gestations in humans are not really encouraging. It is still to be analyzed whether these therapies could work if applied to cohorts of patients at a high risk, such as those with low concentration of antioxidants or obese pregnant women. Copyright © 2018 Alcala, Gutierrez-Vega, Castro.
Effects of bisphenol A on metabolism and evidences of a mode of action mediated through endocrine disruption; Based on rodent studies after prenatal and/or perinatal or adult exposure, there is now evidence that BPA may increase metabolic disturbances eventually leading to type-2 diabetes development via an ED MoA. In particular, BPA has been shown to alter insulin synthesis and/or release by pancreatic β-cells, and insulin signaling within insulin-sensitive organs (i.e., liver, muscle, adipose tissues). This resulted in variations in the expression of specific hepatic or adipose tissue markers, which are indicative of a state of insulin resistance. These effects are considered by experts to be hallmarks of adverse hormonal effects, each leading to insulin resistance within the different insulin-sensitive tissues. Although epidemiological studies are inconclusive, these effects are considered relevant for humans, because similarities exist in homeostatic regulation of insulin production and sensitivity between rodents and humans and because evidence was also shown through in vitro experimental data using human cells or tissues. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
MALAT1 via microRNA-17 regulation of insulin transcription is involved in the dysfunction of pancreatic β-cells induced by cigarette smoke extract; Cigarettes contain various chemicals with the potential to influence metabolic health. Exposure to cigarette smoke causes a dysfunction in pancreatic β-cells and impairs insulin production. However, the mechanisms for cigarette smoke-induced reduction of insulin remain largely unclear. Data from 558 patients with diabetes showed that, with smoking pack-years, homeostatic model assessment (HOMA)-β (a method for assessing β-cell function) decreased and that HOMA of insulin resistance increased. For β-cells (MIN6), cigarette smoke extract (CSE) increased the levels of thioredoxin-interacting protein (TXNIP) and the long noncoding (lnc)RNA, metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1), and downregulated the levels of the transcription factor, mafA, and microRNA (miR)-17. MALAT1, one of four lncRNAs predicted to regulate miR-17, was knocked down by small interfering RNA (siRNA). For these cells, an miR-17 mimic inhibited TXNIP and enhanced the production of insulin. Knockdown of MALAT1 induced an increase in miR-17, which suppressed TXNIP and promoted the production of insulin. In the sera of patients with diabetes who smoked, there were higher MALAT1 levels and lower miR-17 levels than in the sera of nonsmokers. Thus, CSE inhibits insulin production by upregulating TXNIP via MALAT1-mediated downregulation of miR-17, which provides an understanding of the processes involved in the reduced β-cells function caused by cigarette smoke. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Association of Lipoprotein-Associated Phospholipase A2 with the Prevalence of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Result from the APAC Study; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a worldwide chronic liver disease. Few studies have investigated the association between NAFLD and Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2), a unique enzyme correlated with oxidative stress. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between Lp-PLA2 and NAFLD in a Chinese community-based cohort. A total of 1587 adults aged ≥40 years were enrolled in the current study. Participants underwent a standardized evaluation. The serum Lp-PLA2 concentration was measured by ELISA and NAFLD was diagnosed by ultrasonography. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the association between Lp-PLA2 and NAFLD. Increased Lp-PLA2 levels were significantly associated with decreased NAFLD prevalence after adjusting for other potential confounders. The adjusted ORs of NAFLD in Q2, Q3 and Q4 compared with Q1 were 0.88 (0.64-1.21), 0.71 (0.51-0.98) and 0.67 (0.48-0.95), respectively (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the adjusted ORs of moderate and heavy NAFLD in Q2, Q3 and Q4 compared to Q1 were 0.64 (0.41-1.01), 0.48 (0.29-0.80) and 0.47 (0.28-0.79), respectively (P < 0.01). In conclusions, increased Lp-PLA2 levels were independently associated with decreased NAFLD prevalence. © 2018 The Author(s).
Early-life exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals associates with childhood obesity; Increasing prevalence of childhood obesity poses threats to the global health burden. Because this rising prevalence cannot be fully explained by traditional risk factors such as unhealthy diet and physical inactivity, early-life exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) is recognized as emerging novel risk factors for childhood obesity. EDCs can disrupt the hormone-mediated metabolic pathways, affect children’s growth and mediate the development of childhood obesity. Many organic pollutants are recently classified to be EDCs. In this review, we summarized the epidemiological and laboratory evidence related to EDCs and childhood obesity, and discussed the possible mechanisms underpinning childhood obesity and early-life exposure to non-persistent organic pollutants (phthalates, bisphenol A, triclosan) and persistent organic pollutants (dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, polychlorinated biphenyls, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances). Understanding the relationship between EDCs and childhood obesity helps to raise public awareness and formulate public health policy to protect the youth from exposure to the harmful effects of EDCs. © 2018 Annals of Pediatric Endocrinology & Metabolism.
A novel electrochemical biosensor for ultrasensitive detection of serum total bile acids based on enzymatic reaction combined with the double oxidation circular amplification strategy;                              Serum total bile acids (TBA) level is used as a sensitive and reliable index for hepatobiliary diseases in clinics. Herein, a novel electrochemical biosensor was fabricated using enzymatic reaction coupling with the double oxidation circular amplification strategy for the detection of human serum TBA. With the catalysis of 3α-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (3α-HSD), 3α-bile acids reacted specifically with nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD                             +                             ). And then, the reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH) was produced. After that, the NADH reacted with the electron mediator of tris(2,2’-bipyridine) ruthenium(Ⅲ) (Ru(bpy)                             3                                                          3+                             ), which was then transformed to Ru(bpy)                             3                                                          2+                             . Ultimately, Ru(bpy)                             3                                                          2+                              was further oxidized to Ru(bpy)                             3                                                          3+                              under a certain voltage, which was detected by the chronoamperometry assay. The detection was performed using a disposable unmodified screen-printed carbon electrode (SPCE) without sample preparation. The proposed biosensor showed high sensitivity and accuracy with the linear range from 5.0 to 150.0 pmol/L in 10                             6                             -fold dilution serum. The established method had a good correlation with the enzymatic cycling method (r = 0.9372, P < 0.001, n = 72) commonly used in clinic. The electrochemical biosensor is simple, ultrasensitive and without sample pretreatment, showing great potential for point-of-care testing (POCT) of serum TBA in clinical samples. In addition, the biosensor is cost-effective with a small volume of samples, especially suitable for those who have difficulties in blood collection, such as infants, children and some small animals.                          © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Adiponectin levels and sleep deprivation in patients with endocrine metabolic disorders; BACKGROUND: Sleep abnormalities are frequent in patients with endocrine metabolic disorders (EMD) such as arterial hypertension, diabetes and obesity. Adiponectin is a peptide largely secreted by adipocytes and has various properties e.g. anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antiatherogenic, pro-angiogenic, vasoprotective and insulin-sensitizing. Adiponectin inversely relates to body weight and when its concentration decreases, the resistin concentration increases resulting in greater insulin resistance. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to examine factors influencing adiponectin levels in a population with EMD. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional evaluation of 332 patients (18 to 80y) presenting arterial hypertension, pre-diabetes, diabetes, and/or obesity. Investigation included clinical evaluation of comorbidities, general blood tests and adiponectin measures (ELISA). Chronic sleep deprivation was determined if habitual sleep was <6 hours >4 days/week. RESULTS: Arterial hypertension (78.5%), type-2 diabetes (82.3%), and overweight (45.0%)/obesity (38.8%) were frequent. Patients with type-2 diabetes tended to have more chronic sleep deprivation (p=0.05). Adiponectin levels increased with age and were inversely correlated with sagittal abdominal diameter (p=0.04) and fasting insulin (p=0.001). Chronic sleep deprivation was associated with higher adiponectin concentration [OR=1.34; CI=1.13-1.58; p<0.005] and this was maintained after adjustment for gender, age, body mass index, menopause, arterial hypertension, American Diabetes Association classification and physical exercise levels [OR=1.38; CI=1.14-1.66: p=0.001]. CONCLUSION: In patients with EMD, adiponectin is influenced not only by obesity but also by age and sleep deprivation. The latter finding may be explained by a compensatory effect or a counter regulation to minimize the harmful effects of sleep deprivation. © 2018 Revista da Associacao Medica Brasileira. All rights reserved.
A Narrative Review of Medical and Genetic Risk Factors among Children Age 5 and Younger with Severe Obesity; Severe obesity defined as an age-and gender-specific body mass index ≥120% of the 95th percentile in children younger than 5 years is well recognized as a significant challenge for prevention and treatment. This article provides an overview of the prevalence, classification of obesity severity, patterns of weight gain trajectory, medical and genetic risk factors, and comorbid disorders among young children with an emphasis on severe obesity. Studies suggest rapid weight gain trajectory in infancy, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes, and genetic conditions are associated with an increased risk for severe obesity in early childhood. Among populations of young children with severe obesity seeking care, co-morbid conditions such as dyslipidemia and fatty liver disease are present and families report behavioral concerns and developmental delays. Children with severe obesity by age 5 represent a vulnerable population of children at high medical risk and need to be identified early and appropriately managed. © Copyright 2018, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Metabolic surgery improves insulin resistance through the reduction of gut-secreted heat shock proteins; Metabolic surgery improves insulin resistance and is associated with the remission of type 2 diabetes, but the mechanisms involved remain unknown. We find that human jejunal mucosa secretes heat shock proteins (HSPs) in vitro, in particular HSP70 and GRP78. Circulating levels of HSP70 are higher in people resistant to insulin, compared to the healthy and normalize after duodenal–jejunal bypass. Insulin sensitivity negatively correlates with the plasma level of HSP70, while body mass index does not. A high-energy diet increases the circulating levels of HSP70 and insulin resistance. HSP70 stimulates the accumulation of lipid droplets and inhibits Ser473 phosphorylation of Akt and glucose uptake in immortalized liver cells and peripheral blood cells. Serum depleted of HSPs, as well as the serum from the insulin-resistant people subjected to a duodenal–jejunal bypass, reverse these features, identifying gut-secreted HSPs as possible causes of insulin resistance. Duodenal–jejunal bypass might reduce the secretion of HSPs either by shortening the food transit or by decreasing the fat stimulation of endocrine cells. © 2018, The Author(s).
Impact of maternal western diet-induced obesity on offspring mortality and peripheral endocannabinoid system in mice; Over two-thirds of adults in the United States are obese or overweight, which is largely due to chronic overconsumption of diets high in fats and sugars (i.e., Western diet). Recent studies reveal that maternal obesity may predispose offspring to development of obesity and other metabolic diseases; however, the molecular underpinnings of these outcomes are largely unknown. The endocannabinoid system is an important signaling pathway that controls feeding behavior and energy homeostasis, and its activity becomes upregulated in the upper small intestinal epithelium of Western diet-induced obese mice, which drives overeating. In the current investigation, we examined the impact of chronic maternal consumption of Western diet on the expression and function of the endocannabinoid system in several peripheral organs important for food intake and energy homeostasis in offspring. Female C57BL/6Tac mice were fed a Western diet or low-fat/no-sucrose control chow for 10 weeks, then males were introduced for mating. Dams were maintained on their respective diets through weaning of pups, at which time pups were maintained on low-fat/nosucrose chow for 10 weeks. Neonates born from dams fed Western diet, when compared to those born from mice fed control chow, unexpectedly displayed increases in mortality that occurred exclusively within six days following birth (greater than 50% mortality). Males comprised a larger fraction of surviving offspring from obese dams. Furthermore, surviving offspring displayed transient increases in body mass for first two days post weaning, and no marked changes in feeding patterns and endocannabinoid levels in upper small intestinal epithelium, pancreas, and plasma, or in expression of key endocannabinoid system genes in the upper small intestinal epithelium and pancreas at 10 weeks post-weaning. Collectively, these results suggest that maternal diet composition greatly influences survival of neonate C57BL/6Tac mice, and that surviving offspring from dams chronically fed a Western diet do not display marked changes in body mass, eating patterns, or expression and function of the endocannabinoid system in several peripheral organs important for feeding behavior and energy homeostasis. © 2018 Perez, DiPatrizio.This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
D hypovitaminosis in syrian type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: Lack of relationship with glycemic control; Vitamin D is a hormone related to skeletal integrity and many other health conditions. Recent studies suggest an association between 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D3] and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of this study was to evaluate plasma 25(OH)D3 levels in T2DM Syrian patients in Lattakia city, and to assess the relationship between 25(OH)D3 levels and glycemic control in addition to other variables (gender, age, duration of diabetes, BMI, smoking and fast blood glucose (FBG)). A total of 75 T2DM patients were included in the study. 25(OH)D3 was measured in serum samples using radioimmunoassay (RIA) method. Glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was measured in whole blood samples using fast ion-exchange resin separation method. FBG was determined in whole blood samples by commercially available biochemical kits. The SPSS 17.0 program was used for the statistical analysis. Probability (P) value less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Vitamin D deficiency (25(OH)D3 ˂ 20 ng/ml) was seen in 55% of T2DM patients. Uncontrolled HbA1c was seen in 61.33% of T2DM patients. There was no relationship between serum 25(OH)D3 and HbA1c or FBG (P=0.989, P=0.611 respectively). The relationship of 25(OH)D3 with gender, age, duration of diabetes, smoking were not significant (P>0.05). However, there was a significant relationship between 25(OH)D3 and BMI (P=0.042). Our findings suggests that vitamin D deficiency is common in T2DM Syrian patients in Lattakia, and Its incidence decreases with BMI, even though its role in glycosylated hemoglobin could not be established. © RJPT All right reserved 18; 11(12): 5319-5326.
Determinants of fasting hyperglucagonemia in patients with type 2 diabetes and nondiabetic control subjects;                              Background: Fasting hyperglucagonemia can be detrimental to glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and may contribute to metabolic disturbances in obese and/or prediabetic subjects. However, the mechanisms underlying fasting hyperglucagonemia remain elusive. Methods: We evaluated the interrelationship between fasting hyperglucagonemia and demographic and biochemical parameters in 106 patients with T2D (31% female, age: 57 ± 9 years [mean ± standard deviation; body mass index (BMI): 30.1 ± 4.4 kg/m                             2                             ; fasting plasma glucose (FPG): 9.61 ± 2.39 mM; hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c): 57.1 ± 13.1 mmol/mol] and 163 nondiabetic control subjects (29% female; age: 45 ± 17 years; BMI: 25.8 ± 4.1 kg/m                             2                             ; FPG: 5.2 ± 0.4 mM; and HbA1c: 35.4 ± 3.8 mmol/mol). Multiple linear regression analysis was applied using a stepwise approach with fasting plasma glucagon as dependent parameter and BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure, hemoglobin A1c, FPG, and insulin concentrations as independent parameters. Results: Fasting plasma glucagon concentrations were significantly higher among patients with T2D (13.5 ± 6.3 vs. 8.5 ± 3.8 mM, P < 0.001) together with HbA1c (P < 0.001), FPG (P < 0.001), and insulin (84.9 ± 56.4 vs. 57.7 ± 35.3 mM, P < 0.001). When adjusted for T2D, HbA1c and insulin were significantly positive determinants for fasting plasma glucagon concentrations. Furthermore, WHR comprised a significant positive determinant. Conclusions: We confirm that fasting plasma glucagon concentrations are abnormally high in patients with T2D, and show that fasting plasma glucagon concentrations are influenced by WHR (in addition to glycemic control and fasting plasma insulin concentrations), which may point to visceral fat deposition as an important determinant of increased fasting plasma glucagon concentrations.                          © Copyright 2018, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2018.
Evaluation of anti-diabetic attributes of Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5957, Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5897 and Lactobacillus fermentum MTCC: 5898 in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats; Interest in probiotics has grown significantly in the last decades due to their reported nutritional and health promoting effects. The aim of this study is to investigate the therapeutic potential of probiotic fermented milk (PFM) prepared using three different probiotic strains i.e. Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5957, Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5897 and Lactobacillus fermentum MTCC: 5898; independently or in combination, for treating streptozotocin induced type-1 diabetes in male Wistar rats. Diabetic rats were fed with PFM preparations for 6 weeks and then analyzed for the various biochemical parameters associated. The results indicated that feeding of PFM significantly improved glucose metabolism (fasting blood glucose, glycated hemoglobin, serum insulin), serum inflammation status (tumor necrosis factor-α and serum interleukin-6), oxidative stress (thiobarbituric acid reactive substance, catalase, superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities in liver and kidney), serum lipid profile (total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, very low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides) in diabetic rats. In addition, feeding of PFM has significantly reduced mRNA expression of pepck and g6pase genes that code the key enzymes of gluconeogenesis pathway. The results of this study showed that daily consumption of PFM can be effective in combating of type −1 diabetes and its complications. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Emerging role of nutrition and the non-coding landscape in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review of literature; With the advent of recent advances in molecular techniques and whole genome sequencing, we have come to know that the non-coding landscape (including non-coding RNAs, tRNAs and even telomeres) plays a major role in the regulation of cellular processes. Furthermore, the deregulation of this landscape has been found to contribute to and even bring about the pathogenesis of a large number of diseases. One of such diseases is diabetes mellitus (type 2 specifically) whose incidence rate and global burden is constantly increasing. Nutrition has been proven to be a key player in the development, onset and control of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Additionally, non-coding DNA based molecular markers are emerging as biomarkers of T2D, susceptibility, and perhaps dietary supplements can modulate non-coding DNA based markers expression and function in T2D management. In this review, we provide a brief overview of the developmental origins and genetics of type 2 diabetes mellitus, how each component of the non-coding landscape contributes to the development and progression of the disease and finally we discuss how dietary interventions modulate the non-coding landscape in T2D. © 2018
Changes in biochemical tests in pregnancy and their clinical significance; Interpretation of laboratory investigations relies on reference intervals. Physiological changes in pregnancy may result in significant changes in normal values for many biochemical assays, and as such results may be misinterpreted as abnormal or mask a pathological state. The aims of this review are as follows: 1. To review the major physiological changes in biochemical tests in normal pregnancy. 2. To outline where these physiological changes are important in interpreting laboratory investigations in pregnancy. 3. To document the most common causes of abnormalities in biochemical tests in pregnancy, as well as important pregnancy-specific causes. © The Author(s) 2018.
Comprehensive Analysis of Gene Expression Profiles and DNA Methylome reveals Oas1, Ppie, Polr2g as Pathogenic Target Genes of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) has a high incidence of pregnancy, which seriously affects the life quality of pregnant women and fetal health. DNA methylation is one of the most important epigenetic modification that can regulate the gene expression level, and thus affect the occurrence of various diseases. Increasing evidence has shown that gene expression changes caused by DNA methylation play an important role in metabolic diseases. Here we explored the mechanisms and biological processes that affect the occurrence and development of GDM through analyzing the gene expression profiles and DNA methylation data of GDM. We detected 24,577 differential CpG sites mapping to 9339 genes (DMGs, differential methylation gene) and 931 differential expressed genes (DEGs) between normal samples and GDM samples. GO (gene ontology) and KEGG (Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes) pathway analysis of 326 overlapping genes between DMGs and DEGs showed obvious enrichment in terms related to metabolic disorders and immune responses. We identified Oas1, Ppie, Polr2g as possible pathogenic target genes of GDM by combining protein-protein interaction analysis. Our study provides possible targets for early diagnosis of GDM and information for clinical prevention of abnormal fetal development and type 2 diabetes. © 2018, The Author(s).
ENHOgene expression and serum adropin level in rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus; Background. Adropin, a secreted protein, is encoded by the energy homeostasis-associated gene (ENHO). It is expressed by a variety of tissues and cells. It has been implicated in several physiological and pathological processes, such as angiogenesis and apoptosis. Objectives. The aim of the present study was to investigate the ENHO gene expression and serum adropin levels in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Material and methods. The study included 36 patients with RA, 22 patients with SLE and 20 healthy controls (HC). Patients with a disease activity score-28-erythrocyte sedimentation rate (DAS28-ESR) >2.6 in the RA group and an SLE disease activity index (SLEDAI) >6 in the SLE group were accepted as active. Serum adropin levels were analyzed by the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method. The ENHO gene and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) gene expressions in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were analyzed by real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Results. The ENHO gene mRNA expression was significantly higher in the RA group than in the HC group (p = 0.024), although it was similar between the SLE and HC groups (p = 0.920). On the other hand, there were no significant differences among the study groups in terms of serum adropin levels (p > 0.05 for all). Moreover, there was no significant difference in terms of the ENHO expression and serum adropin levels between active and inactive RA and SLE patients. Conclusions. Although the ENHO gene expression is increased, serum adropin level is not altered in RA. Similarly, adropin seems not to be associated with SLE. However, the potential link between adropin and inflammatory diseases need to be tested in further studies. © 2018 by Wroclaw Medical University.
Tumor suppressor RARRES1- A novel regulator of fatty acid metabolism in epithelial cells; Retinoic acid receptor responder 1 (RARRES1) is silenced in many cancers and is differentially expressed in metabolism associated diseases, such as hepatic steatosis, hyperinsulinemia and obesity. Here we report a novel function of RARRES1 in metabolic reprogramming of epithelial cells. Using non-targeted LC-MS, we discovered that RARRES1 depletion in epithelial cells caused a global increase in lipid synthesis. RARRES1-depleted cells rewire glucose metabolism by switching from aerobic glycolysis to glucose-dependent de novo lipogenesis (DNL). Treatment with fatty acid synthase (FASN) inhibitor, C75, reversed the effects of RARRES1 depletion. The increased DNL in RARRES1-depleted normal breast and prostate epithelial cells proved advantageous to the cells during starvation, as the increase in fatty acid availability lead to more oxidized fatty acids (FAO), which were used for mitochondrial respiration. Expression of RARRES1 in several common solid tumors is also contextually correlated with expression of fatty acid metabolism genes and fatty acid-regulated transcription factors. Pathway enrichment analysis led us to determine that RARRES1 is regulated by peroxisome proliferating activated receptor (PPAR) signaling. These findings open up a new avenue for metabolic reprogramming and identify RARRES1 as a potential target for cancers and other diseases with impaired fatty acid metabolism. © 2018 Maimouni et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Changes in the gut microbiota composition during pregnancy in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common pregnancy complication, is associated with an increased risk of maternal/perinatal outcomes. We performed a prospective observational explorative study in 41 GDM patients to evaluate their microbiota changes during pregnancy and the associations between the gut microbiota and variations in nutrient intakes, anthropometric and laboratory variables. GDM patients routinely received nutritional recommendations according to guidelines. The fecal microbiota (by 16S amplicon-based sequencing), was assessed at enrolment (24–28 weeks) and at 38 weeks of gestational age. At the study end, the microbiota α-diversity significantly increased (P < 0.001), with increase of Firmicutes and reduction of Bacteroidetes and Actinobacteria. Patients who were adherent to the dietary recommendations showed a better metabolic and inflammatory pattern at the study-end and a significant decrease in Bacteroides. In multiple regression models, Faecalibacterium was significantly associated with fasting glucose; Collinsella (directly) and Blautia (inversely) with insulin, and with Homeostasis-Model Assessment Insulin-Resistance, while Sutterella with C-reactive protein levels. Consistent with this latter association, the predicted metagenomes showed a correlation between those taxa and inferred KEGG genes associated with lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis. A higher bacterial richness and strong correlations between pro-inflammatory taxa and metabolic/inflammatory variables were detected in GDM patients across pregnancy. Collectively these findings suggest that the development of strategies to modulate the gut microbiota might be a potentially useful tool to impact on maternal metabolic health. © 2018, The Author(s).
Novel targets for delaying aging: The importance of the liver and advances in drug delivery; Age-related changes in liver function have a significant impact on systemic aging and susceptibility to age-related diseases. Nutrient sensing pathways have emerged as important targets for the development of drugs that delay aging and the onset age-related diseases. This supports a central role for the hepatic regulation of metabolism in the association between nutrition and aging. Recently, a role for liver sinusoidal endothelial cells (LSECs) in the relationship between aging and metabolism has also been proposed. Age-related loss of fenestrations within LSECs impairs the transfer of substrates (such as lipoproteins and insulin) between sinusoidal blood and hepatocytes, resulting in post-prandial hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance. Targeted drug delivery methods such as nanoparticles and quantum dots will facilitate the direct delivery of drugs that regulate fenestrations in LSECs, providing an innovative approach to ameliorating age-related diseases and increasing healthspan. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Correlation between normal range of serum alanine aminotransferase level and metabolic syndrome A community-based study; Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is a biomarker of hepatocyte damage. However, the relationship between normal range of serum ALT level and metabolic syndrome (MetS) has not been completely understood. This study aimed to investigate the correlation between normal range of serum ALT level and MetS. A total of 2453 participants from the Beijing Community Pre-Diabetes study were enrolled. Multiple linear regression analysis was performed to calculate the regression coefficient. Normal serum ALT levels were divided into quartiles. Logistic regression model was used to compare the relative risk of MetS, and the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve to calculate the optimal ALT boundary value for predicting MetS. The frequency of MetS increased with the ALT level within the normal range. Compared with the first group, the risk of MetS was greater in the other quartiles of ALT level in males, the difference was significant for the fourth group. For females, the risk of MetS increased with ALT level within the normal range as well, with all differences showing statistical significance. The optimal ALT boundary value of the ROC curve for males and females was 24.5 and 14.5 U/L, respectively. ALT was related to metabolic factors and used as one of the indicators to assess the morbidity risk of metabolic diseases. Copyright © 2018 the Author(s).
The gut microbiota in infants of obese mothers increases inflammation and susceptibility to NAFLD; Maternal obesity is associated with increased risk for offspring obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the causal drivers of this association are unclear. Early colonization of the infant gut by microbes plays a critical role in establishing immunity and metabolic function. Here, we compare germ-free mice colonized with stool microbes (MB) from 2-week-old infants born to obese (Inf-ObMB) or normal-weight (Inf-NWMB) mothers. Inf-ObMB-colonized mice demonstrate increased hepatic gene expression for endoplasmic reticulum stress and innate immunity together with histological signs of periportal inflammation, a histological pattern more commonly reported in pediatric cases of NAFLD. Inf-ObMB mice show increased intestinal permeability, reduced macrophage phagocytosis, and dampened cytokine production suggestive of impaired macrophage function. Furthermore, exposure to a Western-style diet in Inf-ObMB mice promotes excess weight gain and accelerates NAFLD. Overall, these results provide functional evidence supporting a causative role of maternal obesity-associated infant dysbiosis in childhood obesity and NAFLD. © 2018, The Author(s).
Fibroblast Growth Factor 15/19: From Basic Functions to Therapeutic Perspectives; Discovered 20 years ago, fibroblast growth factor (FGF)19, and its mouse ortholog FGF15, were the first members of a new subfamily of FGFs able to act as hormones. During fetal life, FGF15/19 is involved in organogenesis, affecting the development of the ear, eye, heart, and brain. At adulthood, FGF15/19 is mainly produced by the ileum, acting on the liver to repress hepatic bile acid synthesis and promote postprandial nutrient partitioning. In rodents, pharmacologic doses of FGF19 induce the same antiobesity and antidiabetic actions as FGF21, with these metabolic effects being partly mediated by the brain. However, activation of hepatocyte proliferation by FGF19 has long been a challenge to its therapeutic use. Recently, genetic reengineering of the molecule has resolved this issue. Despite a global overlap in expression pattern and function, murine FGF15 and human FGF19 exhibit several differences in terms of regulation, molecular structure, signaling, and biological properties. As most of the knowledge originates from the use of FGF19 in murine models, differences between mice and humans in the biology of FGF15/19 have to be considered for a successful translation from bench to bedside. This review summarizes the basic knowledge concerning FGF15/19 in mice and humans, with a special focus on regulation of production, morphogenic properties, hepatocyte growth, bile acid homeostasis, as well as actions on glucose, lipid, and energy homeostasis. Moreover, implications and therapeutic perspectives concerning FGF19 in human diseases (including obesity, type 2 diabetes, hepatic steatosis, biliary disorders, and cancer) are also discussed. Copyright © 2018 Endocrine Society.
Switching obese mothers to a healthy diet improves fetal hypoxemia, hepatic metabolites, and lipotoxicity in non-human primates; Objective: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) risk begins in utero in offspring of obese mothers. A critical unmet need in this field is to understand the pathways and biomarkers underlying fetal hepatic lipotoxicity and whether maternal dietary intervention during pregnancy is an effective countermeasure. Methods: We utilized a well-established non-human primate model of chronic, maternal, Western-style diet induced obesity (OB-WSD) compared with mothers on a healthy control diet (CON) or a subset of OB-WSD mothers switched to the CON diet (diet reversal; OB-DR) prior to and for the duration of the next pregnancy. Fetuses were studied in the early 3rd trimester. Results: Fetuses from OB-WSD mothers had higher circulating triglycerides (TGs) and lower arterial oxygenation suggesting hypoxemia, compared with fetuses from CON and OB-DR mothers. Hepatic TG content, oxidative stress (TBARs), and de novo lipogenic genes were increased in fetuses from OB-WSD compared with CON mothers. Fetuses from OB-DR mothers had lower lipogenic gene expression and TBARs yet persistently higher TGs. Metabolomic profiling of fetal liver and serum (umbilical artery) revealed distinct separation of CON and OB-WSD groups, and an intermediate phenotype in fetuses from OB-DR mothers. Pathway analysis identified decreased tricarboxylic acid cycle intermediates, increased amino acid (AA) metabolism and byproducts, and increased gluconeogenesis, suggesting an increased reliance on AA metabolism to meet energy needs in the liver of fetuses from OB-WSD mothers. Components in collagen synthesis, including serum protein 5-hydroxylysine and hepatic lysine and proline, were positively correlated with hepatic TGs and TBARs, suggesting early signs of fibrosis in livers from the OB-WSD group. Importantly, hepatic gluconeogenic and arginine related intermediates and serum levels of lactate, pyruvate, several AAs, and nucleotide intermediates were normalized in the OB-DR group. However, hepatic levels of CDP-choline and total ceramide levels remained high in fetuses from OB-DR mothers. Conclusions: Our data provide new metabolic evidence that, in addition to fetal hepatic steatosis, maternal WSD creates fetal hypoxemia and increases utilization of AAs for energy production and early activation of gluconeogenic pathways in the fetal liver. When combined with hyperlipidemia and limited antioxidant activity, the fetus suffers from hepatic oxidative stress and altered intracellular metabolism which can be improved with maternal diet intervention. Our data reinforce the concept that multiple “first hits” occur in the fetus prior to development of obesity and demonstrate new biomarkers with potential clinical implications for monitoring NAFLD risk in offspring. © 2018 The Authors
Irisin ameliorates glucolipotoxicity-associated β-cell dysfunction and apoptosis via AMPK signaling and anti-inflammatory actions; Background/Aims: Islet metabolic disorder and inflammation contribute to the pathogenesis and progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Irisin is a recently identified adipomyokine with protective effects on metabolic homeostasis and inflammation-suppressing effects in hepatic and vascular cells. The present study examined the effects of irisin on lipid metabolism and inflammation in β cells under glucolipotoxic conditions. Methods: Rat INS-1E β cells and islets isolated from C57BL/6 mice were incubated in glucolipotoxic conditions with or without irisin. Intracellular lipid contents and lipogenic gene expression were determined by enzymatic colorimetric assays and real-time PCR, respectively. Inflammatory status was evidenced by Western blot analysis for the phosphorylation of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) p65 and real-time PCR analysis for the expression of pro-inflammatory genes. Results: Irisin reversed glucolipotoxicity-induced intracellular non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and triglyceride accumulation, suppressed associated elevations in lipogenic gene expression, and phosphorylated acetyl-CoA-carboxylase (ACC) in INS-1E cells. These demonstrated effects were dependent on irisin-activated adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK). Meanwhile, AMPK signaling mediated the protective effects of irisin on INS-1E cell insulin secretory ability and survival as well. Additionally, irisin inhibited phosphorylation of NF-κB p65 while decreasing the expression of pro-inflammatory genes in INS-1E cells under glucolipotoxic conditions. Moreover, irisin also improved insulin secretion, inhibited apoptosis, and restored β-cell function-related gene expression in isolated mouse islets under glucolipotoxic conditions. Conclusion: Irisin attenuated excessive lipogenesis in INS-1E cells under glucolipotoxic state through activation of AMPK. Irisin also suppressed overnutrition-induced inflammation in INS-1E cells. Our findings implicate irisin as a promising therapeutic target for the treatment of islet lipid metabolic disorder and islet inflammation in T2DM. © 2018 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Sports and exercise nutrition; This edition of McArdle, Katch, and Katch's respected text reflects the most recent, evidence-based information on how nutrition affects exercise and sports performance. Using high quality research to illustrate teaching points, the authors provide detailed yet accessible coverage of the science of exercise nutrition and bioenergetics, along with valuable insights into how the principles work in the real world of physical activity and sports medicine. New content, new research citations, and new case studies throughout help prepare students for a successful career in exercise science. © 2019 Wolters Kluwer. All rights reserved.
The contribution of hormone sensitive lipase to adipose tissue lipolysis and its regulation by insulin in periparturient dairy cows; Hormone sensitive lipase (HSL) activation is part of the metabolic adaptations to the negative energy balance common to the mammalian periparturient period. This study determined HSL contribution to adipose tissue (AT) lipolysis and how insulin regulates its activity in periparturient dairy cows. Subcutaneous AT (SCAT) samples were collected at 11 d prepartum (dry) and 11 (fresh) and 24 d (lactation) postpartum. Basal and stimulated lipolysis (ISO) responses were determined using explant cultures. HSL contribution to lipolysis was assessed using an HSL inhibitor (CAY). Basal lipolysis was higher in SCAT at dry compared with fresh. CAY inhibited basal lipolysis negligibly at dry, but at fresh and lactation it reduced basal lipolysis by 36.1 ± 4.51% and 43.1 ± 4.83%, respectively. Insulin inhibited lipolysis more pronouncedly in dry compared to fresh. Results demonstrate that HSL contribution to basal lipolysis is negligible prepartum. However, HSL is a major driver of SCAT lipolytic responses postpartum. Lower basal lipolysis postpartum suggests that reduced lipogenesis is an important contributor to fatty acid release from SCAT. Loss of adipocyte sensitivity to the antilipolytic action of insulin develops in the early lactation period and supports a state of insulin resistance in AT of cows during the first month postpartum. © 2018, The Author(s).
Lack of pronounced changes in the expression of fatty acid handling proteins in adipose tissue and plasma of morbidly obese humans; Background/Objectives: Fatty acid handling proteins are involved in the process of accumulation of lipids in different fat tissue depots. Thus, the aim of the study was to estimate the expression of both fatty acid transport and binding proteins in the subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) of patients with morbid obesity without metabolic syndrome, as well as the plasma concentrations of these transporters. Subjects/Methods: Protein (Western blotting) and mRNA (Real-time PCR) expression of selected fatty acid handling proteins was assessed in the visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue of 30 patients with morbid obesity. The control group consisted of 10 lean age-matched patients. Plasma levels of fatty acid protein transporters were also evaluated using ELISA method. Moreover, total plasma fatty acid composition and concentration was determined by gas-liquid chromatography (GLC). Results: Significant increase in fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36) mRNA (P = 0.03) and plasmalemmal (P = 0.01) expression was observed in VAT of patients with morbid obesity vs. lean subjects together with elevation of lipoprotein lipase (LPL), as well as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) in both examined compartments of adipose tissue. Moreover, in obese subjects plasma concentration of RBP4 was markedly elevated (P = 0.04) and sCD36 level presented a tendency for an increase (P = 0.08) with concomitant lack of changes in FABP4 concentration (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Fatty acid transport into adipocytes may be, at least in part, related to the increased expression of FAT/CD36 in the VAT of morbidly obese patients, which is accompanied by augmented expression of LPL, as well as PPARγ. Probably, alternations in plasma concentrations of RBP4 and sCD36 in obese patients are associated with "unhealthy" fat distribution. © 2017 The Author(s).
The burden of dyslipidaemia and factors associated with lipid levels among adults in rural northern Ghana: An AWI-Gen sub-study; Dyslipidaemia is a primary risk factor for cardiometabolic disease, causing over 17 million deaths globally in 2015. However, the burden of dyslipidaemia and factors associated with lipid levels remain unknown in many rural African populations. Therefore, this study evaluated the association of socio-demographic, anthropometric and behavioural factors with lipid levels in rural Ghana. The prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia, hypertriglyceridaemia and elevated LDL-C in the total population of 1839 (846 men and 993 women) was 4.02%, 2.12%, and 5.55% respectively and did not differ between genders. The prevalence of low HDL-C levels was 60.30% and differed (p = 0.005) between men (56.86%) and women (63.24%). Subcutaneous abdominal fat was associated with TC (β = 0.067, p = 0.015) and TG (β = 0.137, p<0.001) among women and LDL-C (β = 0.139, p = 0.006) and TC (β = 0.071, p = 0.048) among men. Body mass index was associated with TC (β = 0.010, p = 0.043) among men while waist circumference was associated with LDL-C (β = 0.116, p<0.001) and TG (β = 0.094, p<0.001) among women. Hip circumference was negatively associated (β = -0.053, p = 0.043) while visceral fat was positively associated with TG (β = 0.033, p = 0.022) among women. Socioeconomic status, education, being unmarried and employment were associated with HDL-C (β = 0.081, p = 0.004), LDL-C (β = 0.095, p = 0.004) and TG (β = 0.095, p = 0.001) all among women, and TC (β = 0.070, p = 0.010) among men, respectively. Nankana women had lower TC (β = -0.069, p = 0.001), and men lower TG levels (β = -0.084, p = 0.008) than the other ethnic groups. Tobacco smoking (β = 0.066, p = 0.024) and alcohol intake (β = 0.084, p = 0.001) were associated with HDL-C levels among men and women respectively. Further studies are required to investigate whether high prevalence of low HDL-C levels in this population presents with any adverse cardiovascular disease outcomes. Associations of education, employment and adiposity with lipid levels suggest that future societal advances and increases in the prevalence of obesity may lead to associated adverse health consequences. Monitoring and interventions are required to limit these effects. © 2018 Agongo et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
The protective effect of neonatal oral administration of oleanolic acid against the subsequent development of fructose-induced metabolic dysfunction in male and female rats; Background: Consumption of fructose-rich diets has been implicated in the increasing global prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Interventions during periods of early ontogenic developmental plasticity can cause epigenetic changes which program metabolism for positive or negative health benefits later in life. The phytochemical oleanolic acid (OA) possesses anti-diabetic and anti-obesity effects. We investigated the potential protective effects of neonatal administration of OA on the subsequent development of high fructose diet-induced metabolic dysfunction in rats. Method: Male and female (N = 112) suckling rats were randomly assigned to four groups and administered orally: distilled water (DW), oleanolic acid (OA; 60 mg/kg), high-fructose solution (HF; 20% w/v) or OA + HF for 7 days. The rats were weaned onto normal commercial rat chow up to day 55. From day 56, half of the rats in each treatment group were continued on plain water and the rest on a high fructose solution as drinking fluid for 8 weeks. On day 110, the rats were subjected to an oral glucose tolerance test and then euthanased on day 112. Tissue and blood samples were collected to determine the effects of the treatments on visceral fat pad mass, fasting plasma levels of cholesterol, insulin, glucose, triglycerides, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and glucose tolerance. Results: Rats which consumed fructose as neonates and then later as adults (HF + F) and those which consumed fructose only in adulthood (DW + F) had significant increases in terminal body mass (females only), visceral fat mass (males and females), serum triglycerides (females only), epididymal fat (males only), fasting plasma glucose (males and females), impaired glucose metabolism (females only), β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance (males and females) compared to the other treatment groups (P < 0.05). There were no differences in fasting serum cholesterol levels across all treatment groups in both male and female rats (P > 0.05). Conclusion: We conclude that neonatal oral administration of OA during the critical window of developmental plasticity protected against the development of health outcomes associated with fructose-induced metabolic disorders in the rats. © 2018 The Author(s).
Oxidative stress as cause, consequence, or biomarker of altered female reproduction and development in the space environment; Oxidative stress has been implicated in the pathophysiology of numerous terrestrial disease processes and associated with morbidity following spaceflight. Furthermore, oxidative stress has long been considered a causative agent in adverse reproductive outcomes. The purpose of this review is to summarize the pathogenesis of oxidative stress caused by cosmic radiation and microgravity, review the relationship between oxidative stress and reproductive outcomes in females, and explore what role spaceflight-induced oxidative damage may have on female reproductive and developmental outcomes. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Risk to human health related to the presence of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in food; The European Commission asked EFSA for a scientific evaluation on the risks to human health related to the presence of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) in food. Regarding PFOS and PFOA occurrence, the final data set available for dietary exposure assessment contained a total of 20,019 analytical results (PFOS n = 10,191 and PFOA n = 9,828). There were large differences between upper and lower bound exposure due to analytical methods with insufficient sensitivity. The CONTAM Panel considered the lower bound estimates to be closer to true exposure levels. Important contributors to the lower bound mean chronic exposure were ‘Fish and other seafood’, ‘Meat and meat products’ and ‘Eggs and egg products’, for PFOS, and ‘Milk and dairy products’, ‘Drinking water’ and ‘Fish and other seafood’ for PFOA. PFOS and PFOA are readily absorbed in the gastrointestinal tract, excreted in urine and faeces, and do not undergo metabolism. Estimated human half-lives for PFOS and PFOA are about 5 years and 2–4 years, respectively. The derivation of a health-based guidance value was based on human epidemiological studies. For PFOS, the increase in serum total cholesterol in adults, and the decrease in antibody response at vaccination in children were identified as the critical effects. For PFOA, the increase in serum total cholesterol was the critical effect. Also reduced birth weight (for both compounds) and increased prevalence of high serum levels of the liver enzyme alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (for PFOA) were considered. After benchmark modelling of serum levels of PFOS and PFOA, and estimating the corresponding daily intakes, the CONTAM Panel established a tolerable weekly intake (TWI) of 13 ng/kg body weight (bw) per week for PFOS and 6 ng/kg bw per week for PFOA. For both compounds, exposure of a considerable proportion of the population exceeds the proposed TWIs. © 2018 European Food Safety Authority. EFSA Journal published by John Wiley and Sons Ltd on behalf of European Food Safety Authority.
Human placental exosomes in gestational diabetes mellitus carry a specific set of miRNAs associated with skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity; There is increasing evidence that miRNAs, which are enriched in nanovesicles called exosomes, are important regulators of gene expression. When compared with normal pregnancies, pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with skeletal muscle insulin resistance as well as increased levels of circulating placental exosomes. Here we investigated whether placental exosomes in GDM carry a specific set of miRNAs associated with skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity. Exosomes were isolated from chorionic villous (CV) explants from both women with Normal Glucose Tolerant (NGT) and GDM pregnancies. Using miRNA sequencing, we identified a specific set of miRNAs selectively enriched with exosomes and compared with their cells of origin indicating a specific packaging of miRNAs into exosomes. Gene target and ontology analysis of miRNA differentially expressed in exosomes secreted in GDM compared with NGT are associated with pathways regulating cell migration and carbohydrate metabolism. We determined the expression of a selected set of miRNAs in placenta, plasma, and skeletal muscle biopsies from NGT and GDM. Interestingly, the expression of these miRNAs varied in a consistent pattern in the placenta, in circulating exosomes, and in skeletal muscle in GDM. Placental exosomes from GDM pregnancies decreased insulin-stimulated migration and glucose uptake in primary skeletal muscle cells obtained from patients with normal insulin sensitivity. Interestingly, placental exosomes from NGT increase migration and glucose uptake in response to insulin in skeletal muscle from diabetic subjects. These findings suggest that placental exosomes might have a role in the changes on insulin sensitivity in normal and GDM pregnancies. © 2018 The Author(s).
Uric acid and xanthine levels in pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus—the effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes; Uric acid (UA) levels are associated with many diseases including those related to lifestyle. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of clinical and anthropometric parameters on UA and xanthine (X) levels during pregnancy and postpartum in women with physiological pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to evaluate their impact on adverse perinatal outcomes. A total of 143 participants were included. Analyte levels were determined by HPLC with ultraviolet detection (HPLC-UV). Several single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in UA transporters were genotyped using commercial assays. UA levels were higher within GDM women with pre-gestational obesity, those in high-risk groups, and those who required insulin during pregnancy. X levels were higher in the GDM group during pregnancy and also postpartum. Positive correlations between UA and X levels with body mass index (BMI) and glycemia levels were found. Gestational age at delivery was negatively correlated with UA and X levels postpartum. Postpartum X levels were significantly higher in women who underwent caesarean sections. Our data support a possible link between increased UA levels and a high-risk GDM subtype. UA levels were higher among women whose glucose tolerance was severely disturbed. Mid-gestational UA and X levels were not linked to adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal obesity during lactation may protect offspring from high fat diet-induced metabolic dysfunction; Background/Objectives: The current obesity epidemic has spurred exploration of the developmental origin of adult heath and disease. A mother's dietary choices and health can affect both the early wellbeing and lifelong disease-risk of the offspring. Subjects/Methods: To determine if changes in the mother's diet and adiposity have long-term effects on the baby's metabolism, independently from a prenatal insult, we utilized a mouse model of diet-induced-obesity and cross-fostering. All pups were born to lean dams fed a low fat diet but were fostered onto lean or obese dams fed a high fat diet. This study design allowed us to discern the effects of a poor diet from those of mother's adiposity and metabolism. The weaned offspring were placed on a high fat diet to test their metabolic function. Results: In this feeding challenge, all male (but not female) offspring developed metabolic dysfunction. We saw increased weight gain in the pups nursed on an obesity-resistant dam fed a high fat diet, and increased pathogenesis including liver steatosis and adipose tissue inflammation, when compared to pups nursed on either obesity-prone dams on a high fat diet or lean dams on a low fat diet. Conclusion: Exposure to maternal over-nutrition, through the milk, is sufficient to shape offspring health outcomes in a sex- A nd organ-specific manner, and milk from a mother who is obesity-prone may partially protect the offspring from the insult of a poor diet. © 2018 The Author(s).
A long-term maternal diet transition from high-fat diet to normal fat diet during pre-pregnancy avoids adipose tissue inflammation in next generation; Recent studies have suggested that maternal high-fat (HF) diet caused inflammation changes in adipose tissue; however, it remains unclear if maternal diet intervention before pregnancy rescues such effects in offspring. To address this question, female mice were continued on a normal-fat (NF group), or a HF diet (HF group) or transitioned from a HF diet to a NF diet at 1 (H1N group), 5 (H5N group) or 9 weeks (H9N group) prior to pregnancy. Among the three intervention groups, the H9N offspring displayed less and steady body weight gain, and maintained glucose tolerance, whereas the H1N and H5N offspring showed exacerbate these phenotypes. The H1N and H5N, but not the H9N offspring, displayed adipocyte hypertrophy associated with increased expression of genes involved in fat deposition. The H1N and H5N, but not the H9N adipose tissue, displayed increased macrophage infiltration with enhanced expression of inflammatory cytokine genes. In addition, overactivation of the NF-κB and the JNK signaling were observed in the H1N adipose tissue. Overall, our study showed that a long-term but not a short- or medium-term diet intervention before pregnancy released offspring adipose tissue inflammation induced by maternal HF diet, which adds details in our understanding how the maternal environment either promotes or discourages onset of disease in offspring. Clinically, this study is of great value for providing evidence in the design of clinical trials to evaluate the urgently required intervention strategies to minimize the intergenerational cycle of obesity. © 2018 Summerfield et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Developmental programming of obesity and diabetes in mouse, monkey, and man in 2018: Where are we headed?; Childhood obesity and its comorbidities continue to accelerate across the globe. Two-thirds of pregnant women are obese/overweight, as are 20% of preschoolers. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is escalating, affecting up to 1 in 5 pregnant women. The field of developmental origins of health and disease has begun to move beyond associations to potential causal mechanisms for developmental programming. Evidence across species compellingly demonstrates that maternal obesity, diabetes, and Western-style diets create a long-lasting signature on multiple systems, including infant stem cells, the early immune system, and gut microbiota. Such exposures accelerate adipogenesis, disrupt mitochondrial metabolism, and impair energy sensing, affecting neurodevel-opment, liver, pancreas, and skeletal muscle. Attempts to prevent developmental programming have met with very limited success. A challenging level of complexity is involved in how the host genome, metabolome, and microbiome throughout pregnancy and lactation increase the offspring's risk of metabolic diseases across the life span. Considerable gaps in knowledge include the timing of exposure(s) and permanence or plasticity of the response, encompassing effects from both maternal and paternal dysmetabolism. Basic, translational, and human intervention studies targeting pathways that connect diet, microbiota, and metabolism in mothers with obesity/GDM and their infants are a critical unmet need and present new challenges for disease prevention in the next generation. © 2018 by the American Diabetes Association.
Glibenclamide protects against thioacetamide-induced hepatic damage in Wistar rat: investigation on NLRP3, MMP-2, and stellate cell activation; Glibenclamide (GLB), most widely used in the treatment of type II diabetes mellitus, inhibits K+                             ATP channel in pancreatic-β cells and releases insulin, while thioacetamide (TAA) is a well-known hepatotoxicant and most recommended for the induction of acute and chronic liver disease. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the hepatoprotective potential of GLB against TAA-induced hepatic damage in Wistar rats. TAA (200 mg/kg, ip, twice weekly) and GLB (1.25, 2.5, and 5 mg/kg/day, po) were administered for 6 consecutive weeks. Different biochemical, DNA damage, histopathological, TEM, immunohistochemical, and western blotting parameters were evaluated. GLB treatment has no effects on the TAA-induced significant decrease in body and liver weights. TAA treatment significantly increased liver index and treatment with GLB has no effect the same. TAA treatment altered the liver morphology, whereas treatment with GLB normalized the alteration in morphology. Further, significant increase in oxidative stress, apoptosis, and DNA damage was found in TAA-treated animals and GLB treatment significantly reduced these effects. TAA-induced plasma transaminases and serum ALP levels were significantly restored by GLB. Furthermore, histopathological findings showed the presence of lymphocyte infiltration, collagen deposition, bridging fibrosis, degeneration of portal triad, and necrosis in TAA-treated animals and GLB intervention significantly reduced the same. TEM images revealed that GLB significantly normalized the hepatic stellate cell morphology as well as restored the number of lipid droplets. GLB treatment significantly downregulated the expressions of TGF-β1, α-SMA, NLRP3, ASC, caspase-1, and IL-1β, and upregulated MMP-2 and catalase against TAA-induced liver damage. The outcomes of the present study confirmed that GLB ameliorated the liver damage induced by TAA. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Lipid metabolism in inflammation-related diseases; There are thousands of lipid species existing in cells, which belong to eight different categories. Lipids are the essential building blocks of cells. Recent studies have started to unveil the important functions of lipids in regulating cell metabolism. However, we are still at a very early stage in fully understanding the physiological and pathological functions of lipids. The application of lipidomics for studying lipid metabolism can provide a direct readout of the cellular status and broadens our understanding of the mechanisms that underpin metabolic disease states. This review provides an introduction to lipid metabolism and its role in modulating homeostasis and immunity. We also describe representative applications of lipidomics for studying lipid metabolism in inflammation-related diseases. © 2018 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Nicotinism and the emerging role of e-cigarettes (with special reference to adolescents); Nova Science Publishers now introduce an interesting book on research to help reduce global tobacco-related diseases in four volumes. Volume One describes general topics on nicotinism and the emerging role of electronic cigarettes; Volume Two describes basic molecular biology of nicotinism; Volume Three describes emerging biotechnology in nicotinism; and Volume Four describes chronic diseases associated with nicotinism and disease-specific-spatiotemporal (DSST) charnolosomics and charnolopharmacotherapeutics for the targeted, safe and effective personalized theranostics of nicotinism. The most interesting and unique feature of this book is that it introduces the original concept of disease-specific spatio-temporal (DSST) charnolosomics along with conventional omics (including genomics, proteomics, metabolomics, lipidomics, and metallomics) by employing combinatorial and correlative-bioinformatics to accomplish targeted, safe, and effective perosonalized theranostics of nicotinism. This book presents basic molecular biology and pharmacogenomics of nicotinism and the emerging role of e-cigarettes as an alternative to reduce tobacco cravings and related health risks, and to prevent second hand smoking-related health risks. The book illustrates specifically the novel concept of mitochondrial bioenergetics-based charnolopharmacotherapeutics for the clinical management of nicotinism with future prospects to minimize tobacco smoking behavior, and/or quit smoking with minimum withdrawal symptoms. This book presents recent knowledge and wisdom regarding more harmful aspects and limited therapeutic benefits of tobacco smoking through incineration or by vaping through e-cigarettes. The book is primarily for the health and well-being of highly vulnerable adolescents, who engage in drug seeking behavior, become victims of chronic tobacco addiction, and suffer from poor quality of life, early morbidity, and mortality. Moreover, tobacco exposure during intrauterine life can induce diversified embryopathies (such as abortion, stillbirth, sudden infant death syndrome, microcephaly, craniofacial abnormalities, growth retardation, ADHD, autism, and craniofacial abnormalities) in developing infants; and asthma, COPD, cancer, and infertility in adults. Hence, the primary goal is to minimize tobacco-induced early morbidity and mortality due to asthma, emphysema, cancer, heart attack, diabetes, obesity, infertility, major depressive disorders, schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, and several other neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. Volume Four describes chronic diseases associated with nicotinism and novel disease-specific-spatiotemporal (DSST) charnolosomics and charnolopharmacotherapeutics for the targeted, safe and effective personalized theranostics of nicotinism. This volume is systematically presented in three sections. Sections One: "Disease-Specific Nicotinism" consists of eight chapters: Chapter One - "Nicotine and Stroke"; Chapter Two - "Nicotine and Diabetes"; Chapter Three - "Nicotine and Obesity"; Chapter Four - "Nicotine and Parkinson's Disease"; Chapter Five - "Nicotine and Alzheimer's Disease"; Chapter Six - "Nicotine and Schizophrenia"; Chapter Seven - "Nicotine and Major Depressive Disorders"; and Chapter Eight - "Nicotine and Cancer". Section Two: "Charnolopharmacotherapeutics of Nicotinism" consists of Chapter Nine, which describes the therapeutic potential of disease-specific spatiotmporal charnolopharmaceuticals in nicotinism, and Section Three highlights conclusions and future directions. Those interested in learning more about the basic molecular biology, molecular genetics, emerging biotechnology, diseases linked to nicotinism, and their possible prevention and cure will find this book interesting, exciting, motivating, and thought-provoking. This book is written primarily for biomedical students, researchers, scientist, professors, doctors, nurses, and any members of the general public interested in enhancing their existing knowledge and wisdom regarding the deleterious effects of both conventional as well as emerging e-cigarettes on human health and well-being, particularly among adolescents and young adults. © 2018 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
A cross-sectional comparison of clinical and endocrine parameters among phenotypes of polycystic ovarian syndrome in iranian population; Background and objective: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), as a major hormonal issue among reproductive age women, is categorized into four phenotypes regarding hyperandrogenism, oligo-anovulation and polycystic ovary morphology. This study aims to compare and predict the phenotypes based on metabolic and hormonal parameters. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted using clinical, hormonal, and ultrasound information of PCOS women referred to a major referral infertility center in Tehran between January 2014 and April 2017. Based on the Rotterdam Consensus of 2003 criterion, the phenotypes were defined as A: presence of olig-anovulation, hyperandrogenism, polycystic ovary morphology; B: presence of olig-anovulation and hyperandrogenism; C: presence of hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary morphology; and D: presence of olig-anovulation and polycystic ovary morphology. Results: Among of 635 patients, 372 (58.6%) were A, 28 (4.4%) were B, 34 (5.4%) were C, and 201 (31.7%) were D phenotypes of PCOS. Higher prolactin increases the odds of phenotype C than A, and higher anti-mullerian hormone increases the odds of phenotype A than B (OR = 1.22) and C (OR = 1.19). Older patients are more prone to be in phenotype D than A. Patients with higher mean serum glutamate-pyruvate transaminase has 0.03 more odds of phenotype B than A. History of abortion was associated with more likelihood of phenotype A than D. The receiver operating characteristic curve found a cut-off point of 7.15 for anti-mullerian hormone regarding morphology (area under curve = 0.66). Conclusion: This study showed that PRL, AMH, Age, SGPT, and history of abortion are affecting factors for distinguishing the phenotypes of PCOS. © 2018
A diet high in sugar-sweetened beverage and low in fruits and vegetables is associated with adiposity and a pro-inflammatory adipokine profile; Diet, obesity and adipokines play important roles in diabetes and CVD; yet, limited studies have assessed the relationship between diet and multiple adipokines. This cross-sectional study assessed associations between diet, adiposity and adipokines in Mexican Americans. The cohort included 1128 participants (age 34·7±8·2 years, BMI 29·5±5·9 kg/m2, 73·2 % female). Dietary intake was assessed by 12-month food frequency questionnaire. Adiposity was measured by BMI, total percentage body fat and percentage trunk fat using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Adiponectin, apelin, C-reactive protein (CRP), dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-IV), IL-1β, IL-1ra, IL-6, IL-18, leptin, lipocalin, monocyte chemo-attractant protein-1 (MCP-1), resistin, secreted frizzled protein 4 (SFRP-4), SFRP-5, TNF-α and visfatin were assayed with multiplex kits or ELISA. Joint multivariate associations between diet, adiposity and adipokines were analysed using canonical correlations adjusted for age, sex, energy intake and kinship. The median (interquartile range) energy intake was 9514 (7314, 11912) kJ/d. Overall, 55 % of total intake was accounted for by carbohydrates (24 % from sugar). A total of 66 % of the shared variation between diet and adiposity, and 34 % of diet and adipokines were explained by the top canonical correlation. The diet component was most represented by sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB), fruit and vegetables. Participants consuming a diet high in SSB and low in fruits and vegetables had higher adiposity, CRP, leptin, and MCP-1, but lower SFRP-5 than participants with high fruit and vegetable and low SSB intake. In Mexican Americans, diets high in SSB but low in fruits and vegetables contribute to adiposity and a pro-inflammatory adipokine profile. © The Authors 2018.
Plasma fetuin-B concentrations are associated with insulin resistance and first-phase glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in individuals with different degrees of glucose tolerance;                              Aims: To assess circulating fetuin-B concentrations in subjects with different degrees of glucose tolerance and to analyze the association of fetuin-B concentrations with insulin resistance and the first phase of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. Methods: Plasma fetuin-B concentrations were analyzed in 149 subjects with normal glucose tolerance (NGT, n = 54), impaired glucose regulation (preDM, n = 42) and newly diagnosed type-2 diabetes mellitus (nT2DM, n = 53). Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTTs) and biochemical parameters were also assessed in all participants. Results: Plasma fetuin-B concentrations were significantly higher in nT2DM patients compared with NGT and preDM subjects (both P < 0.001) and positively correlated with FPG, 2hPG, HOMA-IR, HbA                             1c                             , hsCRP, FINS and TG (P < 0.05), but negatively correlated with AIR, AUC, GDI and fasting Belfiore index (P < 0.01). After adjusting for age and gender, all correlations remained statistically significant (P < 0.05). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that plasma fetuin-B concentrations were significantly correlated with nT2DM after controlling for age, gender, BMI, WHR, blood pressure and lipid profiles. Conclusion: Patients with nT2DM have significantly higher concentrations of plasma fetuin-B compared with NGT subjects and plasma fetuin-B is strongly associated with glucose and lipid metabolism, chronic inflammation and first-phase glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and insulin resistance.                          © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS
Nutrition therapy within and beyond gestational diabetes; With the global rising prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM), an adaptable, economical approach to nutrition therapy that effectively controls maternal glycemia while promoting normal fetal growth will have far-reaching implications. The conventional focus has been to rigidly limit all types of carbohydrate. While controlling glucose, this approach fosters maternal anxiety and is a primary barrier to adherence. Many mothers substitute fat for carbohydrate, which may unintentionally enhance lipolysis, promote elevated free fatty acids (FFA), and worsen maternal insulin resistance (IR). Nutrition that worsens IR may facilitate nutrient shunting across the placenta, promoting excess fetal fat accretion. Evidence suggests that liberalizing higher quality, nutrient-dense carbohydrates results in controlled fasting/postprandial glucose, lower FFA, improved insulin action, vascular benefits, and may reduce excess infant adiposity. Thus, a less carbohydrate-restricted approach may improve maternal adherence when combined with higher quality carbohydrates, lower fat, appropriate caloric intake, and ethnically acceptable foods. Such a diet can be culturally sensitive, socioeconomically attentive, minimize further weight gain in GDM, with potential relevance for pregnancies complicated by overweight/obesity. Future research is needed to better understand the effect of macronutrient composition on the placenta and gut microbiome, the benefits/risks of nonnutritive sweeteners, and whether precision-nutrition is beneficial in pregnancy. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Vitamin D supplementation does not improve plasma thiol/disulfide homeostasis; Background: Impairment of thiol/disulfide homeostasis, as well as vitamin D deficiency, are responsible for the pathophysiology of many acute and chronic diseases. This study examined the relationship between thiol/disulfide homeostasis and vitamin D level and supplementation. Methods: A total of 203 healthy children were included in the study. The participants were divided into four groups according to 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) level: group 1, severe deficiency (<10 ng/mL); group 2, deficiency (10–20 ng/mL); group 3, insufficiency (20–30 ng/mL); and group 4, sufficiency (≥30 ng/mL). Furthermore, group 5 was defined as being on vitamin D supplementation. Result: Native thiol was lower in group 5 than in groups 2–4 (P = 0.003). Disulfide was higher in groups 1, 4 and 5 than groups 2 and 3 (P < 0.001). Total thiol was lower in group 5 than in group 4 (P = 0.032). The ratio of native thiol/total thiol was lower in groups 1 and 5 compared with groups 2 and 3, and in group 4 compared with group 3 (P < 0.001). The ratios of disulfide/total thiol and disulfide/native thiol were higher in groups 1 and 5 than in groups 2 and 3 whereas only the disulfide/total thiol ratio was higher in group 4 than in group 3 (P < 0.001). Conclusions: In healthy children, severe deficiency of vitamin D causes impairment of thiol/disulfide homeostasis and increases protein oxidation, which cannot be reversed by external vitamin D supplementation. © 2018 Japan Pediatric Society
The complex interplay between lipids, immune system and interleukins in cardio-metabolic diseases; Lipids and inflammation regulate each other. Early studies on this topic focused on the systemic effects that the acute inflammatory response—and interleukins—had on lipid metabolism. Today, in the era of the obesity epidemic, whose primary complications are cardio-metabolic diseases, attention has moved to the effects that the nutritional environment and lipid derangements have on peripheral tissues, where lipotoxicity leads to organ damage through an imbalance of chronic inflammatory responses. After an overview of the effects that acute inflammation has on the systemic lipid metabolism, this review will describe the lipid-induced immune responses that take place in peripheral tissues and lead to chronic cardio-metabolic diseases. Moreover, the anti-inflammatory effects of lipid lowering drugs, as well as the possibility of using anti-inflammatory agents against cardio-metabolic diseases, will be discussed. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Utility of curcumin for the treatment of diabetes mellitus: Evidence from preclinical and clinical studies; Turmeric or Curcuma longa is a natural product, whose medicinal properties have been extensively studied and a wide variety of therapeutic effects on several diseases such as neurodegenerative, hepatic and renal damage, cancer, and diabetes have been mainly attributed to its curcuminoid content. In the last decades, diabetes mellitus has become an alarming worldwide health issue, because of the increasing number of people suffering from the disease, as well as the devastating consequences for them. In this paper, we review the current basic and clinical evidence about the potential of curcumin/curcuminoids for the treatment of diabetes mellitus, mainly by its hypoglycemic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory properties. The activity of curcumin (or curcuminoids) as a hypoglycemic agent or just as an adjuvant to improve the metabolic profile and to ameliorate the associated complications of diabetes mellitus, such as diabetic nephropathy and cardiopathy is discussed. The interactions between curcumin and conventional antidiabetic drugs might be explored for the therapeutic management of diabetes mellitus. © 2018 The Authors
The acidity of early pregnancy diet and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Backgrounds & aims: Recently, an increasing interest has been addressed to the acid-base imbalance in the pathogenesis of diabetes while we are not aware of any study among patients affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, the purpose of present study was to reveal the potential relation between dietary acid load (DAL) and glycemic indices, lipid profiles and GDM odds ratio among Iranian pregnant women with GDM. Methods: This case-control study (hospital-based setting) was performed in singleton fetus pregnant women; healthy (n = 263) and GDM (n = 200), aged 22–44 years, and between weeks 5–28 of pregnancy. Three-day 24-h dietary records were applied to determine usual intakes of women. The tertiles of protein to potassium ratio (Pr/K) and potential renal acid load (PRAL) were calculated and used for statistical analyses. Results: Across tertiles of both DAL scores, fasting blood sugar, HbA1C, total cholesterol and LDL-C increased significantly. Diastolic blood pressure of participants significantly increased only across the tertiles of Pr/K ratio. Participants in the highest tertile of Pr/K and PRAL had more than 7 (OR = 7.60; 95% CI: 3.43–16.84) and 9 times (OR = 9.27; 95% CI: 4.00–21.46) increased odds of gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively. Conclusion: Women with higher scores of DAL were more likely to have gestational diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. © 2017
Genetic variation in TCF7L2 rs7903146 and history of GDM negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits; Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Risk allele carriers at TCF7L2 rs7903146 have increased susceptibility for both GDM and T2DM. We hypothesized that carrying TCF7L2 risk alleles would further aggravate the negative impact of a positive history for GDM on metabolic traits related to T2DM later in life. Methods: 210 women with a confirmed history of gestational diabetes and 810 controls without evidence for GDM underwent standardized 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT). Liver fat was quantified in a subset of subjects (n = 444) using magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Results: 504 women were homozygous or heterozygous risk allele carriers. The risk allele carriers had a higher risk for GDM (p = 0.0076, OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.11–2.06). Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated that both a history of GDM, or carrying a TCF7L2 risk allele resulted in lower insulin secretion, impaired proinsulin processing and higher fasting and 2-hour glucose levels. Liver fat content was not associated with either a history of GDM or a TCF7L2 risk genotype. There was no significant interaction (all p > 0.05) between history of GDM and TCF7L2 risk alleles on all diabetes-associated metabolic traits tested. Conclusion: The TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism is a risk factor for gestational diabetes. However, the additional presence of TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk alleles does not further aggravate the negative impact of a history of gestational diabetes on metabolic traits related to T2DM. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
LncRNA SRA deregulation contributes to the development of atherosclerosis by causing dysfunction of endothelial cells through repressing the expression of adipose triglyceride lipase; It has been well established that long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are crucial mediators in a diverse range of diseases, including atherosclerosis. The present study aimed to examine the molecular mechanisms underlying the association between steroid receptor RNA activator (SRA) and atherosclerosis. Reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis, western blot analysis and luciferase assays were performed to examine interactions among SRA, adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPARγ), and the effect of resveratrol (RSV) on the levels of SRA, ATGL and PPARγ. ELISA was performed to determine the effects of SRA and RSV on the production of inflammatory-associated cytokines. The results showed that knockdown of the expression of SRA by transfecting HUVECs with short hairpin RNA-SRA inhibited the production of ATGL and PPARγ. A plasmid coding SRA RNA, but not the SRAP protein, attenuated the luciferase activity of the ATGL promoter. PPARγ had no effect on the luciferase activity driven by the ATGL promoter in the absence of rosiglitazone, whereas the luciferase activity of the ATGL promoter was elevated in the presence of rosiglitazone. This effect was eliminated by SRA. SRA enhanced the production of inflammatory-associated cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-6, monocyte chemotactic protein-1 and intercellular adhesion molecule-1; however, the promoting effect of SRA was eliminated by RSV. RSV increased the expression of ATGL and PPARγ, but not that of SRA. RSV distinctly and concentration-dependently upregulated the luciferase activity of ATGL, compared with that in the cells without RSV treatment, whereas treating with rosiglitazone inhibited the effect of RSV on the luciferase activity of ATGL. The present study examined the roles of SRA in atherosclerosis, and the effects of changes in SRA and ATGL on inflammatory cytokines and HUVEC dysfunction. © 2018 Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Sex differences in endothelial function important to vascular health and overall cardiovascular disease risk across the lifespan; Diseases of the cardiovascular system are the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in men and women in developed countries, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is becoming more prevalent in developing countries. The prevalence of atherosclerotic CVD in men is greater than in women until menopause, when the prevalence of CVD increases in women until it exceeds that of men. Endothelial function is a barometer of vascular health and a predictor of atherosclerosis that may provide insights into sex differences in CVD as well as how and why the CVD risk drastically changes with menopause. Studies of sex differences in endothelial function are conflicting, with some studies showing earlier decrements in endothelial function in men compared with women, whereas others show similar age-related declines between the sexes. Because the increase in CVD risk coincides with menopause, it is generally thought that female hormones, estrogens in particular, are cardioprotective. Moreover, it is often proposed that androgens are detrimental. In truth, the relationships are more complex. This review first addresses female and male sex hormones and their receptors and how these interact with the cardiovascular system, particularly the endothelium, in healthy young women and men. Second, we address sex differences in sex steroid receptor-independent mechanisms controlling endothelial function, focusing on vascular endothelin and the renin-angiotensin systems, in healthy young women and men. Finally, we discuss sex differences in age-associated endothelial dysfunction, focusing on the role of attenuated circulating sex hormones in these effects. © 2018 the American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Molecular and functional interaction of the myokine irisin with physical exercise and Alzheimer’s disease; Irisin, a skeletal muscle-secreted myokine, produced in response to physical exercise, has protective functions in both the central and the peripheral nervous systems, including the regulation of brain-derived neurotrophic factors. In particular, irisin is capable of protecting hippocampus. Since this area is the region of the brain that is most susceptible to Alzheimer’s disease (AD), such beneficial effect may inhibit or delay the emergence of neurodegenerative diseases, including AD. Also, the factors engaged in irisin formation appear to suppress Aβ aggregation, which is the pathological hallmark of AD. This review is based on the hypothesis that irisin produced by physical exercise helps to control AD progression. Herein, we describe the physiology of irisin and its potential role in delaying or preventing AD progression in human. © 2018 by the authors.
Bisphenol A: What lies beneath its induced diabetes and the epigenetic modulation?; Nowadays, endocrine disrupting chemical pollution has become one of the major concerns due to the potential role of these chemicals in provoking endocrine disorders especially type 2 diabetes. As a widespread endocrine disrupting chemical, Bisphenol A, with modest estrogenic activity can exert its detrimental effects in the different organs involved in type 2 diabetes such as pancreas, liver, adipocyte and skeletal muscles. Obesity, hepatic steatosis, impaired insulin signaling and pancreatic islet function could be the main results of Bisphenol A exposure. Epigenetic dysregulations can be suggested as an important underlying mechanism for Bisphenol A toxicity in the endocrine system. The most studied genes in this respect, which are responsible for glucose homeostasis include Pdx1, Gck, Igf2, Srebf1 and Srebf2. Aberrant DNA methylation, histone demethylation and deacetylation and impaired miRNAs result in epigenetically dysfunctional genes that finally distract the normal glucose regulation. The present study aimed to summarize the general effects of prenatal and postnatal Bisphenol A exposure on glucose metabolism focusing on animal studies and review the recent investigations on Bisphenol A -induced epigenetic perturbations that affect the normal glucose and lipid homeostasis and lead to type 2 diabetes. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal betaine supplementation affects fetal growth and lipid metabolism of high-fat fed mice in a temporal-specific manner; Background/objectives: Maternal obesity increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which results in fetal overgrowth and long-lasting metabolic dysfunctioning in the offspring. Previous studies show that maternal choline supplementation normalizes fetal growth and adiposity of progeny from obese mice. This study examines whether supplementation of betaine, a choline derivative, has positive effects on fetal metabolic outcomes in mouse progeny exposed to maternal obesity and GDM. Methods: C57BL/6J mice were fed either a high-fat (HF) diet or a control (normal-fat, NF) diet and received either 1% betaine (BS) or control untreated (BC) drinking water 4–6 weeks before timed-mating and throughout gestation. Maternal, placental, and fetal samples were collected for metabolite and gene-expression assays. Results: At E12.5, BS prevented fetal and placental overgrowth and downregulated glucose and fatty acid transporters (Glut1 and Fatp1) and the growth-promoting insulin-like growth factor 2 (Igf2) and its receptor Igf1r in the placenta of HF, glucose-intolerant dams (P < 0.05). However, these effects disappeared at E17.5. At E17.5, BS reduced fetal adiposity and prevented liver triglyceride overaccumulation in HF versus NF fetuses (P < 0.05). BS fetal livers had enhanced mRNA expression of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (Mttp) (P < 0.01), which promotes VLDL synthesis and secretion. Although we previously reported that maternal choline supplementation downregulated mRNA expression of genes involved in de novo lipogenesis in fetal livers, such alterations were not observed with BS, suggesting differential effects of betaine and choline on fetal gene expression. Conclusion: We propose a temporal-specific mechanism by which maternal BS influences fetal growth and lipid metabolic outcomes of HF mice during prenatal development. © 2018, The Author(s).
Increases in bioactive lipids accompany early metabolic changes associated with -cell expansion in response to short-term high-fat diet; Pancreatic -cell ex-pansion is a highly regulated metabolic adaptation to increased somatic demands, including obesity and pregnancy; adult  cells otherwise rarely proliferate. We previously showed that high-fat diet (HFD) feeding induces mouse -cell proliferation in less than 1 wk in the absence of insulin resistance. Here we metabolically profiled tissues from a short-term HFD -cell expansion mouse model to identify pathways and metabolite changes associated with -cell proliferation. Mice fed HFD vs. chow diet (CD) showed a 14.3% increase in body weight after 7 days; -cell proliferation increased 1.75-fold without insulin resistance. Plasma from 1-wk HFD-fed mice induced -cell proliferation ex vivo. The plasma, as well as liver, skeletal muscle, and bone, were assessed by LC and GC mass-spectrometry for global metabolite changes. Of the 1,283 metabolites detected, 159 showed significant changes [false discovery rate (FDR)  0.1]. The majority of changes were in liver and muscle. Pathway enrichment analysis revealed key metabolic changes in steroid synthesis and lipid metabolism, including free fatty acids and other bioactive lipids. Other important enrichments included changes in the citric acid cycle and 1-carbon metabolism pathways implicated in DNA methylation. Although the minority of changes were observed in bone and plasma (20), increased p-cresol sulfate was increased 4 fold in plasma (the largest increase in all tissues), and pantothenate (vitamin B5) decreased 2-fold. The results suggest that HFD-mediated -cell expansion is associated with complex, global metabolite changes. The finding could be a significant insight into Type 2 diabetes pathogenesis and potential novel drug targets. © 2018, American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication, in which women without previously diagnosed diabetes develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this hyperglycemia is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM include overweight and obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. GDM affects approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide, and this number is set to increase with the escalating obesity epidemic. While several management strategies exist—including insulin and lifestyle interventions—there is not yet a cure or an efficacious prevention strategy. One reason for this is that the molecular mechanisms underlying GDM are poorly defined. This review discusses what is known about the pathophysiology of GDM, and where there are gaps in the literature that warrant further exploration. © 2018, MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Beyond fertility: polycystic ovary syndrome and long-term health; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a reproductive, endocrine, and metabolic disorder affecting millions of women worldwide. Women with PCOS are often identified in adolescence or early adulthood with symptoms of oligomenorrhea or hirsutism or when presenting for infertility care. The health risks associated out of PCOS, however, go far beyond management of these common presenting symptoms or fertility treatment and likely extend past the reproductive years through and beyond menopause. International surveys suggest that most patients are dissatisfied with long-term counseling related to medical and psychologic issues. We performed a review of comorbidities, including diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, depression, anxiety, obstructive sleep apnea, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, endometrial cancer, and cardiovascular disease, in both reproductive-age and older women with PCOS. Most meta-analyses in reproductive-age women demonstrate increased risks independent from obesity. Longitudinal and cross-sectional studies including women with PCOS >40 years of age are limited in number and design, but many demonstrate that some of these comorbidities persist. All providers involved in the multidimensional care of women with PCOS should be aware of these long-term health risks to provide appropriate counseling, screening, and management options. We identify limitations that should be the focus of future studies designed to study health outcomes in postmenopausal women with PCOS. © 2018 American Society for Reproductive Medicine
Comorbidities and complications of polycystic ovary syndrome: An overview of systematic reviews; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinopathies affecting reproductive-aged women with adverse reproductive, metabolic and psychological outcomes. It has a complex pathophysiology and therefore requires a multidiscipline clinical approach. However, there remains limited research synthesizing the broad clinical implications of PCOS which would assist clinicians in the management of PCOS. Objective: To summarize and appraise methodological quality of systematic reviews and meta-analyses evaluating complications and comorbidities associated with PCOS. Methods: A literature search from MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL PLUS and PROSPERO was performed until 15 September 2017. Article selection, data extraction and quality appraisal of included reviews using the Assessing the Methodological Quality of Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) tool were performed in duplicate. A narrative synthesis of the findings was conducted. Results: Twenty-three reviews were included. All reviews were of low (n = 2) to moderate quality (n = 21). PCOS was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes (n = 2), impaired glucose tolerance (n = 6), insulin resistance (n = 6), increased risk of type 2 diabetes (n = 1), cardiovascular disease (n = 10), metabolic syndrome (n = 2), psychological stress (n = 7), endometrial cancer (n = 1) and vitamin D deficiency (n = 1). Obesity exacerbates many of these outcomes. Conclusions: There is a large body of reliable evidence for adverse metabolic outcomes and smaller, but consistent evidence for psychological issues in PCOS. We identified a shortage of systematic reviews regarding pregnancy outcomes of PCOS and significant gaps in knowledge of the association between PCOS and subclinical hyperthyroidism, vitamin D levels and cancers which future studies could aim to address. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Maternal choline and betaine supplementation modifies the placental response to hyperglycemia in mice and human trophoblasts; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is characterized by excessive placental fat and glucose transport, resulting in fetal overgrowth. Earlier we demonstrated that maternal choline supplementation normalizes fetal growth in GDM mice at mid-gestation. In this study, we further assess how choline and its oxidation product betaine influence determinants of placental nutrient transport in GDM mice and human trophoblasts. C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat (HF) diet 4 weeks prior to and during pregnancy to induce GDM or fed a control normal fat (NF) diet. The HF mice also received 25 mM choline, 85 mM betaine, or control drinking water. We observed that GDM mice had an expanded placental junctional zone with an increased area of glycogen cells, while the thickness of the placental labyrinth zone was decreased at E17.5 compared to NF control mice (p < 0.05). Choline and betaine supplementation alleviated these morphological changes in GDM placentas. In parallel, both choline and betaine supplementation significantly reduced glucose accretion (p < 0.05) in in vitro assays where the human choriocarcinoma BeWo cells were cultured in high (35.5 mM) or normal (5.5 mM) glucose conditions. Expression of angiogenic genes was minimally altered by choline or betaine supplementation in either model. In conclusion, both choline and betaine modified some but not all determinants of placental transport in response to hyperglycemia in mouse and in vitro human cell line models. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Interleukin-6 as a “metabolic hormone”; Interleukin 6 (IL-6) is a cytokine that is involved in divers immune responses and implicated in a number of diseases. However, this cytokine has other non-immune functions. Within this review, we highlight selected effects on metabolic pathways, which are mediated, controlled or modified by the IL-6. Importantly, putting spotlight on such concepts could allow us to classify IL-6 among the metabolic hormones and further study it to both deepen our knowledge on disorders involving metabolic or energy imbalances such as obesity and develop novel therapeutic strategies. Furthermore, potential explanations related to IL-6 roles in both physiology and pathology as well as relevant implications and applications on both research and therapeutic fields are also pointed as consequences of the involvement of IL-6 in the energy and metabolic homeostasis via its “endocrine” roles. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Epidemiology and determinants of type 2 diabetes in south Asia; Type 2 diabetes has rapidly developed into a major public health problem in south Asia (defined here as Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka) in recent decades. During this period, major lifestyle changes associated with economic transition, industrialisation, urbanisation, and globalisation have been key determinants in the increasing burden of non-communicable diseases. A decline in nutrition quality, reduced physical activity, and increased sedentary behaviours are reflected in the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes and related risk factors in the region. The International Diabetes Federation 2017 estimates of the prevalence of diabetes in adults in the region range from 4·0% in Nepal to 8·8% in India. The prevalence of overweight ranges from 16·7% in Nepal to 26·1% in Sri Lanka, and the prevalence of obesity ranges from 2·9% in Nepal to 6·8% in Sri Lanka. An increasing proportion of children, adolescents, and women are overweight or obese, leading to a heightened risk of type 2 diabetes. Ethnic south Asians present with greater metabolic risk at lower levels of BMI compared with other ethnic groups (referred to as the south Asian phenotype), with type 2 diabetes often developing at a younger age, and with rapid progression of diabetic complications. Because of the presence of multiple risk factors and a body composition conducive to the development of type 2 diabetes, south Asians should be aggressively targeted for prevention. In this Series paper, we detail trends in the prevalence of diabetes in the region and address major determinants of the disease in the context of nutrition and physical activity transitions and the south Asian phenotype. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Association between circulating visfatin and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a medical complication of any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Although visfatin is commonly considered to be related to GDM, studies revealed inconsistent results. This study aimed to clarify the relationship between visfatin and GDM. Methods: The protocol for this study was registered in PROSPERO (No. CRD42018086204) in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). PubMed and Embase databases were used to search for relevant studies published up to September 30, 2017. The difference of visfatin levels between women with GDM and the controls was measured by standardised mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: Twenty-six studies that were published in 24 articles met the inclusion criteria, in which 2305 participants (1033 with GDM, mean age 31.39 years and 1272 controls, and mean age 29.99 years) were included. The quantitative meta-analysis revealed no significant difference in circulating visfatin levels between women with GDM and the controls (SMD = 0.249, 95% CI = − 0.079 to 0.576, P = 0.137). Subgroup analyses were performed referring to body mass index (BMI) where inconsistent results have been observed between cases and controls groups. For the ten studies, in which the level of BMI in women with GDM was higher than that in the control group, the pooled result showed that circulating visfatin was significantly higher among women with GDM than the controls (SMD = 0.367, 95% CI = 0.06 to 0.728, P = 0.046). Of other 16 studies BMI-matched, the pooled SMD illustrated no difference of visfatin. Conclusions: Our study elucidates that visfatin is not independently associated with GDM. Visfatin is linked to GDM through maternal overweight/obesity, which is one of the major factors leading to the development of GDM. © 2018, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease - A summary and update based on the EASL-EASD-EASO Clinical Practice Guidelines of 2016; The non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) as a common metabolic disease affects nearly one third of the population in the developed countries. The significance of the NAFLD is due to its spectrum disease (simple steatosis → NASH [non-alcoholic steatohepatitis] ± fibrosis → cirrhosis → HCC [hepatocellular carcinome]) character; its association with obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), dyslipidaemia, metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance; and its complications both as a consequence of the direct progression of the liver disease and also related to the additional target organ damage due to the progression of the metabolic disease (cardiovascular, renal). The clinical practice guideline jointly authored by 3 European professional societies (EASL-EASD-EASO) in 2016 offers a gap-filling, more united diagnostic, therapeutical and follow-up algorithm for the management of NAFLD. The authors of this article could only aim at highlighting the most important considerations and cite a few important literatures that became available only after the publication of the original article. © 2018 Akademiai Kiado Rt. All rights reserved.
Effect of high-fat diet feeding and associated transcriptome changes in the peak lactation mammary gland in C57BL/6 dams; Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy has established adverse effects on the developing neonate. In this study, we aimed to investigate the effect of an HFD on the murine mammary gland during midlactation. Female C57BL/6J mice were placed on either a low-fat diet (LFD/10% fat) or HFD (60% fat) from 3 wk of age through peak lactation (lactation day 11/L11). After 4 wk of consuming either the LFD or HFD, female mice were bred. There were no significant differences in milk yield between treatment groups, which was measured from L1 to L9. On L10, mice were subjected to an overnight fast and then euthanized on the morning of L11. Total RNA was isolated from inguinal mammary glands for whole transcriptome sequencing. We found 628 genes that were differentially expressed between the treatment groups. Notably, HFD feeding resulted in expression alterations of genes involved in collagen and cytoplasmic components. Additionally, genes related to inflammatory and immune responses were also impacted. Differential expression in gene transcript isoforms between the treatment groups was detected in three genes related to mammary duct development. This study sheds light as to how an HFD may affect the mammary gland transcriptome during midlactation. © 2018, American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Astragalosides IV protected the renal tubular epithelial cells from free fatty acids-induced injury by reducing oxidative stress and apoptosis; Renal tubular injury is associated with the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN) and the end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Free fatty acids (FFAs)-associated lipotoxicity contributes to injury of proximal renal tubular epithelial (HK-2) cells in diabetes. Palmitic acid (PA) which is the most abundant saturated fatty acid in FFAs is closely associated with the gradual decline of renal function. Astragalosides IV (AS-IV) has a variety of pharmacological effects such as anti-inflammation and anti-oxidation. In the current study, we investigated the effects of AS-IV on PA-induced apoptosis of HK-2 cells and the underlying mechanisms. The results showed that AS-IV (10, 20, 40 μmol/L) could alleviate PA-induced apoptosis of HK-2 cells. We found that AS-IV reduced the expression of Bax and cleaved-caspase3, but increased the expression of Bcl-2 and phosphorylated Nrf2 in HK-2 cells. Moreover, AS-IV reduced the level of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in the cells. Our study suggests that AS-IV could protect against PA-induced apoptosis in HK-2 cells by inhibiting ROS generation and apoptotic protein expression. This study may provide a new theoretical option for the patients with type 2 diabetes. © 2018
Fibroblast growth factor 21, adiposity, and macronutrient balance in a healthy, pregnant population with overweight and obesity; Aim of the study: The regulation and actions of fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) are responsive to energy status and macronutrient balance, and investigations of FGF21 in normal pregnancy, which could be informative for FGF21 biology, are seldom. The goal of our study was to examine FGF21 levels in a contemporary healthy, pregnant population. Methods: We phenotyped 43 women with overweight and obesity during pregnancy for weight, body composition, and fasting blood. Serum FGF21 was measured during the first and third trimesters. Placentas were collected at delivery. Results: Maternal FGF21 concentrations were positively correlated with body mass index and adiposity, but not lean mass or glucose homeostasis. FGF21 concentrations significantly increased from the first to third trimester of pregnancy (0.105 vs. 0.256 ng/mL, p < 0.0001). Changes in FGF21 concentrations across pregnancy were not associated with changes in body weight or composition but inversely with the change in fasting glucose. FGF21 mRNA levels in placenta were very low and do not likely contribute to FGF21 in the maternal circulation. Conclusions: FGF21 increases throughout pregnancy in our healthy cohort with overweight and obesity, independent of the placenta, and does not appear to be sensing the changes in energy balance (reflected in the change in maternal energy stores), but changes in macronutrient status. Thus, we propose FGF21 may be a potential signal of maternal nutrient status in pregnancy. © 2018, © 2018 Taylor & Francis.
A polyphenol-rich prebiotic in combination with a novel probiotic formulation alleviates markers of obesity and diabetes in Drosophila; Imbalances in the gut microbiota are directly associated with the pathogenesis of diabetes and obesity. The current study investigates how the combination of three probiotics Lactobacillus plantarum NCIMB 8826, L. fermentum NCIMB 5221 and Bifidobacteria longum subsp. infantis NCIMB 702255 with a novel polyphenol-rich prebiotic Triphala has combinatorial benefits on the symptoms and underlying mechanisms of diet-induced diabetes and obesity. Drosophila melanogaster fed either a high-fat (HFD) or high-sugar diet (HSD) were pretreated with individual or combined probiotic and/or prebiotic therapy. The individual probiotics elicited some beneficial effects on the physiological markers of diabetes and obesity including reductions in total weight, glucose and triglyceride levels with Lp8826 having a higher efficacy against HSD and Bi702255 against HFD stresses; however, a combinatorial effect was observed with the probiotic and synbiotic formulations. Further, the synbiotic formulation consistently rescued variations in insulin resistance and lipogenesis outlining the synbiotic's potential for treating metabolic disorders. © 2018
Brown adipose tissue energy metabolism in humans; The demonstration of metabolically active brown adipose tissue (BAT) in humans primarily using positron emission tomography coupled to computed tomography (PET/CT) with the glucose tracer 18-fluorodeoxyglucose (18FDG) has renewed the interest of the scientific and medical community in the possible role of BAT as a target for the prevention and treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D). Here, we offer a comprehensive review of BAT energy metabolism in humans. Considerable advances in methods to measure BAT energy metabolism, including nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), chylomicron-triglycerides (TG), oxygen, Krebs cycle rate, and intracellular TG have led to very good quantification of energy substrate metabolism per volume of active BAT in vivo. These studies have also shown that intracellular TG are likely the primary energy source of BAT upon activation by cold. Current estimates of BAT's contribution to energy expenditure range at the lower end of what would be potentially clinically relevant if chronically sustained. Yet, 18FDG PET/CT remains the gold-standard defining method to quantify total BAT volume of activity, used to calculate BAT's total energy expenditure. Unfortunately, BAT glucose metabolism better reflects BAT's insulin sensitivity and blood flow. It is now clear that most glucose taken up by BAT does not fuel mitochondrial oxidative metabolism and that BAT glucose uptake can therefore be disconnected from thermogenesis. Furthermore, BAT thermogenesis is efficiently recruited upon repeated cold exposure, doubling to tripling its total oxidative capacity, with reciprocal reduction of muscle thermogenesis. Recent data suggest that total BAT volume may be much larger than the typically observed 50-150 ml with 18FDG PET/CT. Therefore, the current estimates of total BAT thermogenesis, largely relying on total BAT volume using 18FDG PET/CT, may underestimate the true contribution of BAT to total energy expenditure. Quantification of the contribution of BAT to energy expenditure begs for the development of more integrated whole body in vivo methods. © 2018 Carpentier, Blondin, Virtanen, Richard, Haman and Turcotte.
Ethnicity, obesity and the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes in PCOS: A systematic review and meta-regression; BACKGROUND: Our prior meta-analyses demonstrated an increased prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), but with substantial clinical heterogeneity. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: We aimed to update our previous review to quantify the prevalence of IGT and T2DM in PCOS with only quality studies (good and fair quality). We also aimed to examine the contribution of parameters including ethnicity, obesity and method of diagnosing T2DM in explaining the observed heterogeneity in IGT and T2DM prevalence in PCOS. SEARCH METHODS: We conducted a literature search (MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, clinical trial registries and hand-searching) up to June 2016 to identify studies reporting the prevalence of dysglycemia (IGT and T2DM) in women with and without PCOS. We included studies where women with PCOS (defined according to original National Institute of Health) were compared to women without PCOS for the end-points of the prevalence of IGT or T2DM. We excluded case reports, case series, editorials, and narrative reviews. Studies where PCOS was diagnosed by self-report, or where IGT or T2DM were measured by fasting glucose, only were excluded. We assessed the methodological quality of the included studies using a priori criteria based on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scaling (NOS) for nonrandomized studies. Data are presented as odds ratio (OR) (95% CI) with random-effects meta-analysis by Mantel-Haenszel methods. We assessed the contribution of demographic and clinical factors to heterogeneity using subgroup and meta-regression analysis. OUTCOMES: We reviewed 4530 studies and included 40 eligible studies in the final analysis. On meta-analysis of quality studies, women with PCOS had an increased prevalence of IGT (OR = 3.26, 95% CI: 2.17-4.90) and T2DM (OR = 2.87, 95% CI: 1.44-5.72), which differed by ethnicity (for IGT, Asia: 5-fold, the Americas: 4-fold and Europe: 3-fold), was higher with obesity, and doubled among studies using self-report or administrative data for diagnosing diabetes. The ethnicity-related difference retained its significance for Asia and Europe in BMI-matched subgroups. Clear contributors to heterogeneity did not emerge in meta-regression. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: Our findings underscore the importance of PCOS as a cause of dysglycemia with a higher prevalence of IGT and T2DM. They support the relevance of ethnicity and obesity and emphasize the need for accurate diagnostic methods for diabetes. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42017056524. © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Cerebral small vessel disease: A review focusing on pathophysiology, biomarkers, and machine learning strategies; Cerebral small vessel disease (cSVD) has a crucial role in lacunar stroke and brain hemorrhages and is a leading cause of cognitive decline and functional loss in elderly patients. Based on underlying pathophysiology, cSVD can be subdivided into amyloidal and non-amyloidal subtypes. Genetic factors of cSVD play a pivotal role in terms of unraveling molecular mechanism. An important pathophysiological mechanism of cSVD is blood-brain barrier leakage and endothelium dysfunction which gives a clue in identification of the disease through circulating biological markers. Detection of cSVD is routinely carried out by key neuroimaging markers including white matter hyperintensities, lacunes, small subcortical infarcts, perivascular spaces, cerebral microbleeds, and brain atrophy. Application of neural networking, machine learning and deep learning in image processing have increased significantly for correct severity of cSVD. A linkage between cSVD and other neurological disorder, such as Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease and non-cerebral disease, has also been investigated recently. This review draws a broad picture of cSVD, aiming to inculcate new insights into its pathogenesis and biomarkers. It also focuses on the role of deep machine strategies and other dimensions of cSVD by linking it with several cerebral and non-cerebral diseases as well as recent advances in the field to achieve sensitive detection, effective prevention and disease management. © 2018 Korean Stroke Society.
Mitochondrial role in the neonatal predisposition to developing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a global epidemic in obese children and adults, and the onset might have fetal origins. A growing body of evidence supports the role of developmental programming, whereby the maternal environment affects fetal and infant development, altering the risk profile for disease later in life. Human and nonhuman primate studies of maternal obesity demonstrate that risk factors for pediatric obesity and NAFLD begin in utero. The pathologic mechanisms for NAFLD are multifactorial but have centered on altered mitochondrial function/dysfunction that might precede insulin resistance. Compared with the adult liver, the fetal liver has fewer mitochondria, low activity of the fatty acid metabolic enzyme carnitine palmitoyl-CoA transferase-1, and little or no gluconeogenesis. Exposure to excess maternal fuels during fetal life uniquely alters hepatic fatty acid oxidation, tricarboxylic acid cycle activity, de novo lipogenesis, and mitochondrial health. These events promote increased oxidative stress and excess triglyceride storage, and, together with altered immune function and epigenetic changes, they prime the fetal liver for NAFLD and might drive the risk for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in the next generation. © 2018 American Society for Clinical Investigation. All rights reserved.
Combined use of C. butyricum sx-01 and L. salivarius C-1-3 improves intestinal health and reduces the amount of lipids in serum via modulation of gut microbiota in mice; The study was conducted to investigate whether combined use of C. butyricum Sx-01 and L. salivarius C-1-3 could improve the intestinal health and reduce the lipid levels in sera of mice and whether these benefits were related to regulating the intestinal microflora. Eighty Kunming male mice were divided into four groups with five replicates per group and four mice per replicate. Mice in the control group were administrated with 0.2 mL normal saline; mice in three experimental groups were daily orally administrated with 4 × 108 cfu of L. salivarius, 4 × 108 cfu of C. butyricum, and a combination thereof (2 × 108 cfu of L. salivarius, and 2 × 108 cfu of C. butyricum), respectively. The experiment lasted for 14 days. The results showed that the average daily feed intake (ADFI) and feed/gain (F/G) ratio of growing mice underwent no significant changes (p > 0.05); however, the average daily gain (ADG) tended to increase over short periods of time. The activities of SOD and GSH-Px in serum in the combination group were significantly increased (p < 0.05); The triglyceride, and total cholesterol, contents in serum in the combined treatment group were significantly decreased (p < 0.05); The total volatile fatty acids and butyric acid in faecal matter of mice in the experimental groups were all significantly increased at 14 days (p < 0.05); The length of villi, and the mucosal thickness of colon and caecum (p < 0.05) were significantly improved; The relative abundance of some bacteria with antioxidant capacity or decomposing cholesterol capacity or butyrate producing capacity was increased, while the relative abundance of some pathogenic bacteria was decreased in the colon. Furthermore, our results showed that the beneficial effects of the combined use of the two strains was higher than that of single use. Overall, the results demonstrated that the combined use of C. butyricum Sx-01 and L. salivarius C-1-3 can significantly improve intestinal health and reduce the amount of lipids in sera of mice. The reason for these effects might be that besides their own probiotic effects, combined use of the two strains could regulate the intestinal microflora. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The role of Hepatocyte Growth Factor (HGF) in insulin resistance and diabetes; In obesity, insulin resistance (IR) and diabetes, there are proteins and hormones that may lead to the discovery of promising biomarkers and treatments for these metabolic disorders. For example, these molecules may impair the insulin signaling pathway or provide protection against IR. Thus, identifying proteins that are upregulated in IR states is relevant to the diagnosis and treatment of the associated disorders. It is becoming clear that hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is an important component of the pathophysiology of IR, with increased levels in most common IR conditions, including obesity. HGF has a role in the metabolic flux of glucose in different insulin sensitive cell types; plays a key role in β-cell homeostasis; and is capable of modulating the inflammatory response. In this review, we discuss how, and to what extent HGF contributes to IR and diabetes pathophysiology, as well as its role in cancer which is more prevalent in obesity and diabetes. Based on the current literature and knowledge, it is clear that HGF plays a central role in these metabolic disorders. Thus, HGF levels could be employed as a biomarker for disease status/progression, and HGF/c-Met signaling pathway modulators could effectively regulate IR and treat diabetes. © 2018 Oliveira, Araújo, Carvalho, Rocha, Santos and Saad.
A novel biomarker in patients with knee osteoarthritis: adropin; Adropin is newly discovered peptide hormone. Osteoarthritis (OA) is a kind of joint disease characterized by progressive joint cartilage loss and joint pain. The present study was carried out to investigate adropin and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) levels and the relationship between adropin in patients with knee OA classified by Kellgren-Lawrence (KL). A total of 60 knee OA patients and 30 healthy controls were included in this study. KL grading was carried out using the radiographic findings. Demographic characteristics and laboratory parameters were recorded. Adropin and TNF-α levels were determined by using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Adropin level was lower in the knee OA patients compared with the healthy controls (p < 0.001), whereas TNF-α level was higher (p < 0.001). Adropin level was negatively correlated with TNF-α level, blood white blood cell (WBC) count, and neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR). However, there was a significant decrease in adropin level and an increase in TNF-α level parallel to the increase in the KL grade. In addition, serum adropin level was found to be significantly lower in KL grade 1 groups compared with healthy controls (p < 0.01). There was a decrease in adropin level parallel to the increase in the body mass index (BMI), and there was a statistically significant decrease in adropin level in knee OA patients higher than BMI > 30 (p < 0.01). Mean NLR of KL grade 4 was significantly increased compared with other grades (p < 0.05). The consequence of the present study suggested that serum adropin level could be used as a new biomarker indicating the early grade of knee OA. © 2018, International League of Associations for Rheumatology (ILAR).
Maternal serum irisin levels in early and late-onset pre-eclamptic and healthy pregnancies; The aim of the study was to investigate whether plasma irisin concentrations differ between uncomplicated, early-onset and late-onset pre-eclamptic pregnancies. This cross-sectional study was conducted on 27 women with early-onset, 27 women with late-onset pre-eclampsia (PE) and 26 healthy pregnant women. Maternal levels of serum irisin were measured with the use of an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit. The mean maternal serum irisin level of early-onset PE was significantly lower than late-onset PE (1.14 ± 0.56 vs. 1.46 ± 0.59, p <.05) and control subjects (1.14 ± 0.56 vs. 3.14 ± 0.81, p < 0.001). The mean maternal serum irisin level of late-onset PE was significantly lower than the control group (1.46 ± 0.59 vs. 3.14 ± 0.81, p < 0.001). Maternal serum irisin levels are decreased in pre-eclamptic pregnancies. Low levels of irisin may be the result or the cause of pathologic changes in PE.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? There are only two studies in the literature evaluating maternal serum irisin levels in pre-eclamptic pregnancies. One study demonstrated decreased maternal serum irisin levels in pre-eclamptic patients and the other found no significant difference between pre-eclamptic and control pregnancies. What do the results of this study add? The present study demonstrates that serum irisin levels were significantly lower in pre-eclampsia than normotensive pregnancies. Furthermore, we have also demonstrated for the first time that women with EO-PE had significantly lower levels of serum irsin than women with LO-PE. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Low levels of irisin may be the result or the cause of pathologic changes in pre-eclampsia. More studies are needed to evaluate the relationship between irisin and pre-eclampsia. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The impact of maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation on the fatty acid composition of erythrocytes and breast milk of chilean women; Maternal diet during pregnancy is relevant for fatty acid supply during fetal life and lactation. Arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids are also relevant for the normal growth and development of brain and visual system. AA and DHA provided by the mother to the fetus and infant are directly associated with maternal dietary intake and body stores. Our aim was to evaluate the impact of maternal diet, specially referring to the quality of fatty acid intake, in a sample of Chilean women during last stage of pregnancy and across the lactation period. Fifty healthy pregnant women (age range 20–33 years) were studied from the 6th month of pregnancy and followed until 6th month of lactation period. Diet characteristics were evaluated through food frequency questionnaires. Fatty acids composition of erythrocyte phospholipids and breast milk samples was assessed by gas-liquid chromatography. Overall, women had high saturated fatty acids intake with sufficient intake of mono-and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Diet was high in n-6 PUFA and low in n-3 PUFA (mainly DHA), with imbalanced n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio. Erythrocytes and breast milk DHA concentration was significantly reduced during lactation compared to pregnancy, a pattern not observed for AA. We concluded that is necessary to increase the intake of n-3 PUFA during pregnancy and lactation by improving the quality of consumed foods with particular emphasis on its DHA content. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
WISP1 promotes non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and skeletal muscle insulin resistance via TLR4/JNK signaling; Wnt1-inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1) is a Cyr61/CTGF/NOV (CCN) family matricellular protein involved in adipogenesis and low-grade inflammation in obesity. However, the roles of WISP1 in hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle remain elusive. Mouse primary hepatocytes and differentiated mouse skeletal muscle cells (C2C12) were treated with various concentrations of WISP1 and the functions and signaling pathways were analyzed by Western blot analysis. In vivo transfection for WISP1 knockdown was also performed to examine the effects of WISP1 on hepatic steatosis and skeletal muscle insulin resistance. Knockdown of WISP1 in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6 mice significantly reduced (0.45–0.5%; p < 0.05) inflammation and JNK phosphorylation (45–50%; P < 0.01) and attenuated hepatic steatosis (approximately 55%; p < 0.001) and skeletal muscle insulin resistance (30–40%; p < 0.05). Treatment with WISP1 significantly induced inflammation (hepatocytes: approximately 500%; p < 0.01, C2C12 cells: approximately 500%; p < 0.01) and JNK phosphorylation (hepatocytes: approximately 200%; p < 0.01, C2C12 cells: approximately 280%; p < 0.01) in mouse primary hepatocytes and C2C12 mouse skeletal muscle cells. Moreover, it increased lipogenesis-associated gene expression (200–300%; p < 0.01) and accumulation of triglycerides (approximately 320%; p < 0.01) in hepatocytes, and suppressed insulin signaling (approximately 50%; p < 0.01) in C2C12 cells. These WISP1-induced effects were significantly abrogated in NFκB-, JNK-, and TLR4-knockdown hepatocytes (p < 0.05) and C2C12 cells (p < 0.05). These results indicate that WISP1 contributes to hepatic steatosis and skeletal muscle insulin resistance through a TLR4-activated inflammation/JNK signaling pathway and could be a useful therapeutic target for treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Folate treatment of pregnant rat dams abolishes metabolic effects in female offspring induced by a paternal pre-conception unhealthy diet; Aims/hypothesis: Paternal high-fat diet prior to mating programmes impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring. We examined whether the metabolic consequences in offspring could be abolished by folate treatment of either the male rats before mating or the corresponding female rats during pregnancy. Methods: Male F0 rats were fed either control diet or high-fat, high-sucrose and high-salt diet (HFSSD), with or without folate, before mating. Male rats were mated with control-diet-fed dams. After mating, the F0 dams were fed control diet with or without folate during pregnancy. Results: Male, but not female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were heavier than those of control-diet-fed counterparts (p < 0.05 and p = 0.066 in males and females, respectively). Both male and female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were longer compared with control (p < 0.01 for both sexes). Folate treatment of the pregnant dams abolished the effect of the paternal diet on the offspring’s body length (p ˂ 0.05). Female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders developed impaired glucose tolerance, which was restored by folate treatment of the dams during pregnancy. The beta cell density per pancreatic islet was decreased in offspring of HFSSD-fed rats (−20% in male and −15% in female F1 offspring, p ˂ 0.001 vs controls). Folate treatment significantly increased the beta cell density (4.3% and 3.3% after folate supplementation given to dams and founders, respectively, p ˂ 0.05 vs the offspring of HFSSD-fed male rats). Changes in liver connective tissue of female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were ameliorated by treatment of dams with folate (p ˂ 0.01). Hepatic Ppara gene expression was upregulated in female offspring only (1.51-fold, p ˂ 0.05) and was restored in the female offspring by folate treatment (p ˂ 0.05). We observed an increase in hepatic Lcn2 and Tmcc2 expression in female offspring born to male rats exposed to an unhealthy diet during spermatogenesis before mating (p ˂ 0.05 vs controls). Folate treatment of the corresponding dams during pregnancy abolished this effect (p ˂ 0.05). Analysis of DNA methylation levels of CpG islands in the Ppara, Lcn2 and Tmcc2 promoter regions revealed that the paternal unhealthy diet induced alterations in the methylation pattern. These patterns were also affected by folate treatment. Total liver DNA methylation was increased by 1.52-fold in female offspring born to male rats on an unhealthy diet prior to mating (p ˂ 0.05). This effect was abolished by folate treatment during pregnancy (p ˂ 0.05 vs the offspring of HFSSD-fed male rats). Conclusions/interpretation: Folate treatment of pregnant dams restores effects on female offspring’s glucose metabolism induced by pre-conception male founder HFSSD. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Review article: Investigations and the pregnant woman in the emergency department – part 1: Laboratory investigations; Accurate assessment of the pregnant patient in the ED depends on knowledge of physiological changes in pregnancy, and how these changes may impact on pathology tests, appearance on point-of-care ultrasound and electrocardiography. In addition the emergency physician needs to be cognisant of disorders that are unique to or more common in pregnancy. Part 1 of this review addresses potential deviations in laboratory investigation reference intervals resulting from physiological alterations in pregnancy, and the important causes of abnormal laboratory results in pregnancy. Part 2 will address the role of point-of-care ultrasound in pregnancy, physiological changes that may affect interpretation of point-of-care ultrasound, physiological changes in electrocardiography, and the safety of radiological procedures in the pregnant patient. © 2018 Australasian College for Emergency Medicine and Australasian Society for Emergency Medicine
Lactation duration and long-term thyroid function: A study among women with gestational diabetes; Lactation is associated with reduced postpartum weight retention and a lower risk of several cardiometabolic disorders in population-based studies. We examined the association between lactation and long-term thyroid function among women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a high-risk population for subsequent metabolic complications. The study included 550 women who developed GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort (1996–2002) and followed-up in the Diabetes & Women’s Health Study (2012–2014). We assessed adjusted associations between cumulative lactation duration and concentrations of thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), free triiodothyronine (fT3), and free thyroxine (fT4) measured at follow-up. Women with longer cumulative lactation duration tended to have higher fT3 levels (adjusted β and 95% confidence interval (CI) for ≥12 months vs. none: 0.19 (0.03–0.36); p-trend = 0.05). When restricted to women with a single lifetime pregnancy to control for parity (n = 70), women who lactated for >6 months (vs. none) had higher fT3 levels (0.46 pmol/L (0.12–0.80); p-trend = 0.02) and a higher fT3:fT4 ratio (0.61 (0.17–1.05); p-trend = 0.007). Our findings suggested that a longer duration of lactation may be related to greater serum fT3 levels and fT3:fT4 ratio 9–16 years postpartum among Danish women with a history of GDM. The association was particularly pronounced among women who only had one lifetime pregnancy. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gestational diabetes alters the metabolomic profile in 2nd trimester amniotic fluid in a sex-specific manner; Abstract: Maternal diabetes and obesity induce marked abnormalities in glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion in the fetus, and are linked to obesity, diabetes, and metabolic disease in the offspring, with specific metabolic characterization based on offspring sex. Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine milieu, which may reflect and/or modulate the function of the maternal-fetal unit. In order to characterize metabolic factors that affect offspring development, we profiled the metabolome of second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women who were subsequently diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using a targeted metabolomics approach, profiling 459 known biochemicals through gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS) assays. Using a nested case-control study design, we identified 69 total biochemicals altered by GDM exposure, while sex-specific analysis identified 44 and 58 metabolites in male and female offspring, respectively. The most significant changes were in glucose, amino acid, glutathione, fatty acid, sphingolipid, and bile acid metabolism with specific changes identified based on the offspring sex. Targeted isotope dilution LC/MS confirmatory assays measured significant changes in docosahexaenoic acid and arachidonic acid. We conclude that the sex-specific alterations in GDM maternal-fetal metabolism may begin to explain the sex-specific metabolic outcomes seen in offspring exposed to GDM in utero. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between circulating full-length angiopoietin-like protein 8 and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in Chinese non-diabetic individuals: A cross-sectional study; Background: Angiopoietin-like protein 8 (ANGPTL8) is a novel hormone involved in the regulation of lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis. There are inconsistent results regarding the association between ANGPTL8 and lipids in humans. We aimed to investigate the associations between ANGPTL8 and lipids in people without diabetes. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 107 patients with dyslipidemia and 141 patients without. Dyslipidemia diagnosis was based on Chinese guidelines for the prevention and treatment of dyslipidemia in adults. Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were examined. Non-HDL-C was calculated by subtracting HDL-C from TC. Circulating full-length ANGPTL8 concentrations were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Associations between log-transformed circulating full-length ANGPTL8 and serum lipids were examined using multivariate linear regression analysis. Results: Circulating ANGPTL8 concentrations were significantly elevated in patients with dyslipidemia compared with patients without dyslipidemia. Circulating full-length ANGPTL8 concentrations were positively associated with non-HDL-C, TG and TC levels after adjusting for age, gender, body mass index, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, alanine aminotransferase, and creatinine. Conclusion: In people without diabetes, circulating full-length ANGPTL8 concentrations in patients with dyslipidemia were significantly elevated compared with non-dyslipidemia, and ANGPTL8 was positively associated with serum non-HDL-C levels. © 2018 The Author(s).
Plasma concentration of trimethylamine-N-oxide and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The microbiota-dependent metabolite trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) has been reported as a novel and independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, but the association with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between plasma TMAO concentration and GDM in a 2-phase study. Design: A 2-phase design was used in the current study. An initial phase included 866 participants (433 GDM cases and 433 matched controls) with fasting blood samples collected at the time of GDM screening (24-32 wk of gestation). An independent-phase study, with 276 GDM cases and 552 matched controls who provided fasting blood samples before 20 wk of gestation and who had GDM screened during 24-32 wk of gestation, was nested within a prospective cohort study. These 2 studies were both conducted in Wuhan, China, and the incidence of GDM in the cohort study was 10.8%. Plasma TMAO concentrations were determined by stable isotope dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. GDM was diagnosed according to the American Diabetes Association criteria by using an oral-glucose-tolerance test. Results: In the initial case-control study, the adjusted OR of GDM comparing the highest TMAO quartile with the lowest quartile was 1.94 (95% CI: 1.28, 2.93). Each SD increment of ln-transformed plasma TMAO was associated with 22% (95% CI: 5%, 41%) higher odds of GDM. In the nested case-control study, women in the highest quartile also had increased odds of GDM (adjusted OR: 2.06; 95% CI: 1.28, 3.31) compared with women in the lowest quartile, and the adjusted OR for GDM per SD increment of ln-transformed plasma TMAO was 1.26 (95% CI: 1.08, 1.47). Conclusions: Consistent findings from this 2-phase study indicate a positive association between plasma TMAO concentrations and GDM. Future studies are warranted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms. © 2018 American Society for Nutrition.
Circulating chemerin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Chemerin is a novel adipokine which is associated with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, recent investigations regarding circulating chemerin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are conflicting. This meta-analysis is to evaluate and determine their associations. Methods: A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science up to 13 December 2017. Pooled standardized mean differences (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a random-effect model. Results: Eleven studies comprising 742 GDM patients and 840 normal pregnant women were included. Circulating chemerin levels were increased in GDM patients compared with healthy pregnant women (SMD: 1.16; 95% CI: 0.29, 2.04; P = 0.009). Subgroup analyses revealed such difference was especially available in the groups of the second trimester (SMD: 1.47; 95% CI: 0.28, 2.67) and mean age < 30 years (SMD: 2.30; 95% CI: 0.69, 3.91) of GDM patients. There was significant heterogeneity among studies (I 2 = 98.0%, P < 0.001); however, heterogeneity disappeared or markedly decreased in the subgroups of European populations (I 2 = 0.0%, P = 0.531), age ≥ 30 years (I 2 = 28.2%, P = 0.223) and WHO diagnostic criteria (I 2 = 0.0%, P = 0.490) when stratifying by study location, trimester of chemerin measurement and the diagnostic criteria of GDM. Conclusions: The elevated levels of circulating chemerin were associated with GDM, which suggests it might play an important role in the pathogenetic mechanism of GDM. © 2018 The Author(s).
Rebuilding the gut microbiota ecosystem; A microbial ecosystem in which bacteria no longer live in a mutualistic association is called dysbiotic. Gut microbiota dysbiosis is a condition related with the pathogenesis of intestinal illnesses (irritable bowel syndrome, celiac disease, and inflammatory bowel disease) and extra-intestinal illnesses (obesity, metabolic disorder, cardiovascular syndrome, allergy, and asthma). Dysbiosis status has been related to various important pathologies, and many therapeutic strategies aimed at restoring the balance of the intestinal ecosystem have been implemented. These strategies include the administration of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics; phage therapy; fecal transplantation; bacterial consortium transplantation; and a still poorly investigated approach based on predatory bacteria. This review discusses the various aspects of these strategies to counteract intestinal dysbiosis. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Associations of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet with pregnancy complications in Project Viva; Background/objectives: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has been shown to improve cardiometabolic outcomes in non-pregnant populations. Little is known regarding the impact of this diet on health during pregnancy. The objective of this research is to examine associations of adherence to the DASH diet with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and other pregnancy outcomes. Subjects/methods: We conducted analyses with data that came from 1760 women in Project Viva, a Boston-area longitudinal cohort recruited in early pregnancy 1999–2002. We derived a DASH score using data from a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) administered at median 11.1 weeks gestation. Next, we used multivariable linear regression models that accounted for the woman’s age at enrollment, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), education, smoking habits, race/ethnicity, gestational weight gain (GWG) up until the time of the FFQ, and total energy intake to examine associations of the DASH score with HDP, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery (<37 weeks), birth size, and GWG from FFQ to delivery. Models for HDP and GDM were additionally mutually adjusted for each other. Because pre-pregnancy weight status may modify these relationships, we tested for interactions between pre-pregnancy BMI and the DASH score. Results: Mean ± SD age of the women was 32.2 ± 4.9 years; 71.9% were white. Overall, the DASH diet score (mean: 24.0, SD: 5.0) was not associated with any of the pregnancy outcomes or complications. However, we found a positive association between the DASH diet and subsequent GWG among women who were obese before pregnancy (0.19 [95% CI: 0.05, 0.34], P ≤ 0.05 kg higher GWG per 1 unit DASH score). Conclusions: Adherence to DASH diet during early pregnancy does not appear to be protective against HDP or other adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2018, Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature.
Inflammatory and Oxidative Responses in Pregnancies With Obesity and Periodontal Disease;                              Background: Maternal obesity is related to immunologic and inflammatory systemic modifications that may worsen the pregnancy inflammatory status. Hormonal changes during pregnancy can adversely affect oral biofilms and oral health initiating or worsening periodontal diseases, with enhanced local and systemic oxidative stress and inflammation. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between local salivary and systemic parameters of oxidative stress and inflammation in relation to obesity and periodontal diseases. Study Design: Sixty-two women with singleton pregnancies were enrolled. Twenty-seven women were normal weight (NW; 18.5< body mass index [BMI] <25 kg/m                             2                             ) and 35 obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m                             2                             ). Seventeen of the obese had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). During third trimester, periodontal status was evaluated, saliva (s) was collected to assess total antioxidant capacity (s-TAC) and C-reactive protein (s-CRP) levels, and venous plasma (p) was used to measure CRP levels (p-CRP). Maternal, fetal, and placental data were registered at delivery. Results: Levels of s-TAC, s-CRP, and p-CRP were significantly higher in obese, particularly in the presence of GDM, compared to NW and related to each other (P =.000; r > 0.59), to maternal BMI (P =.000; r > 0.52), and fasting glycemia (P <.002; r > 0.47). Periodontal disease was more frequent in obese groups (80%) versus NW (52%; P =.04), particularly when GDM was diagnosed (P =.009). A significant interaction effect between maternal BMI and oral condition was found for s-TAC levels. Obese with periodontitis showed significant increase in local and systemic parameters versus NW. Conclusion: Obesity and periodontal disease could synergistically amplify the inflammatory and oxidative status, resulting in increased local and systemic biomarkers particularly when GDM is diagnosed.                          © The Author(s) 2018.
Brown adipose tissue development and function and its impact on reproduction; Although brown adipose tissue (BAT) is one of the smallest organs in the body, it has the potential to have a substantial impact on both heat production as well as fat and carbohydrate metabolism. This is most apparent at birth, which is characterised with the rapid appearance and activation of the BAT specific mitochondrial uncoupling protein (UCP)1 in many large mammals. The amount of brown fat then gradually declines with age, an adaptation that can be modulated by the thermal environment. Given the increased incidence of maternal obesity and its potential transmission to the mother's offspring, increasing BAT activity in the mother could be one mechanism to prevent this cycle. To date, however, all rodent studies investigating maternal obesity have been conducted at standard laboratory temperature (21°C), which represents an appreciable cold challenge. This could also explain why offspring weight is rarely increased, suggesting that future studies would benefit from being conducted at thermoneutrality (~28°C). It is also becoming apparent that each fat depot has a unique transcriptome and show different developmental pattern, which is not readily apparent macroscopically. These differences could contribute to the retention of UCP1 within the supraclavicular fat depot, the most active depot in adult humans, increasing heat production following a meal. Despite the rapid increase in publications on BAT over the past decade, the extent to which modifications in diet and/or environment can be utilised to promote its activity in the mother and/or her offspring remains to be established. © 2018 Society for Endocrinology Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Histone modifications in fatty acid synthase modulated by carbohydrate responsive element binding protein are associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLd) is a manifestation of metabolic syndrome in the liver and is closely associated with diabetes; however, its pathogenesis remains to be elucidated. carbohydrate responsive element binding protein (chREBP), the hub of glucolipid metabolism, regulates the induction of fatty acid synthase (FASN), the key enzyme of de novo lipogenesis, by directly binding to carbohydrate response element (choRE) in its promoter. Investigations of histone modifications on NAFLD remain in their infancy. In the present study, by using chIP, the association between histone modifications and FASN transcription was investigated and histone modifications in FASN modulated by chREBP were measured. It was demonstrated that chREBP induced FASN chREBP-choRE binding to accelerate the expression of FASN, leading to hepatocellular steatosis by facilitating H3 and H4 acetylation, H3K4 trimethylation and the phosphorylation of H3S10, but inhibiting the trimethylation of H3K9 and H4K20 in FASN promoter regions of HepG2 and L02 cells. It was also found that chREBP-choRE binding of FASN relied on histone acetylation and that the transcriptional activity of chREBP on FASN is required, based on the premise that histone acetylation causes conformational changes in FASN chromatin. This indicated histone acetylation as a crucial mechanism involved in the transcription of FASN modulated by chREBP. consequently, the present study provides further insight into the pathophysiology and a novel therapeutic potential of NAFLd based on epigenetic mechanisms. © 2018 Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
No Correlation of Pancreatic Fat and β-Cell Function in Young Women with and Without a History of Gestational Diabetes; Context: Pancreatic steatosis may contribute to b-cell dysfunction in type 2 diabetes (T2D), but data are controversial. Women who had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for developing T2D. Objective: To examine the association of pancreatic fat content with early/first-phase insulin secretion (as markers of b-cell function). Design: Cross-sectional analysis of a subcohort of the monocentric, prospective cohort study titled Prediction, Prevention, and Subclassification of Type 2 Diabetes. Setting: Ludwig Maximilians University Hospital, Munich, Germany. Participants: Ninety-seven women, 3 to 16 months after pregnancy [41 normoglycemic women post-GDM, 19 women post-GDM with pathological glucose metabolism, and 37 normoglycemic women after a normoglycemic pregnancy (controls)]. Main Outcome Measures: Correlation of MRI-measured pancreatic fat content with early insulin release in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGGT) [insulin increment within the first 30 minutes of the OGTT (IR30)] and first-phase insulin response (FPIR) in an intravenous glucose tolerance test (n = 65), both adjusted for insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Results: Pancreatic fat content did not correlate with IR30 and FPIR adjusted for ISI. It correlated positively with body mass index, waist circumference, liver fat, and intraabdominal fat volume. Conclusion: Pancreatic fat content does not correlate with b-cell function in a cohort of young women with different degrees of T2D risk. © 2018 Endocrine Society.
Vitamin D3-fortified milk did not affect glycemic control, lipid profile, and anthropometric measures in patients with type 2 diabetes, a triple-blind randomized clinical trial; Background/objectives: The effect of vitamin D on glycemic status of diabetes patients is controversial. The objective was to assess the effect of vitamin D3-fortified milk on cardiometabolic markers of patients with type 2 diabetes. Subjects/methods: In this randomized triple-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 102 patients (34 males and 68 females) aged 31–74 years with type 2 diabetes were randomized to receive either 250 ml unfortified or 250 ml 1000 IU vitamin D3-fortified milk daily for 9 weeks. Anthropometric characteristics, blood pressure, and serum levels of glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined at baseline and after 9 weeks. Results: Serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D concentrations improved in the fortified milk group compared to the control group (+14 ± 20 vs. +4 ± 17 ng/ml; P = 0.001). Both groups showed significant increases in serum calcium (P < 0.01) and decreases in total cholesterol, waist and hip circumference, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). Also, there was a significant reduction in body mass index of fortified milk group (P < 0.001). None of these changes were statistically significant between the two groups. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) significantly decreased in both groups with a more remarkable reduction in the plain milk consumers, making a significant between-group difference (7.5% compared to 3.1%; P = 0.01). Conclusions: Overall, daily consumption of one cup of milk containing 1000 IU vitamin D3 for 9 weeks substantially improved vitamin D deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes but it did not affect cardiometabolic parameters over that of plain milk. © 2018, Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature.
Relationship of External Insulin and Fasting Insulin Level in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients; Objective: To investigate the effect of exogenous insulin (EIns) on fasting insulin (FIns) levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).Methods: We selected 447 patients with T2DM hospitalized in Department of Endocrinology,Xiaogan Hospital Affiliated to Wuhan University of Science and Technology from 2016 to 2017.We collected their demographic and laboratory test results.Based on the level of FIns,we divided them into three groups with equal sample size,low FIns group(FIns≤8.1 mU/L),medium FIns group(8.1 mU/L<FIns≤12.0 mU/L) and high FIns group(FIns>12.0 mU/L),149 cases in each group.Results: There were significant differences in the rate of initial treatment,use of EIns,prevalence of ketosis,history of NAFLD,history of hypertension,history of hyperuricemia (gout),history of hyperlipidemia,BMI,HbA1c,G120,Gmax,Tmax,Gr,HOMA-β,HOMA-IR,WBC and eosinophil count among three groups(P<0.05).Ordinal Logistic regression analysis revealed that EIns 〔OR=3.768,95%CI (2.248,6.314)〕,history of NAFLD 〔OR=1.543,95%CI (1.037,2.295)〕,BMI 〔OR=1.223,95%CI (1.145,1.307)〕,HbA1c 〔OR=0.861,95%CI (0.755,0.983)〕 and Tmax〔OR=0.989,95%CI (0.980,0.997)〕 were the associated factors of FIns (P<0.05).Conclusion: The use of EIns may promote the elevation of FIns levels in T2DM patients. Copyright © 2018 by the Chinese General Practice.
The effect of lutein on eye and extra-eye health; Lutein is a carotenoid with reported anti-inflammatory properties. A large body of evidence shows that lutein has several beneficial effects, especially on eye health. In particular, lutein is known to improve or even prevent age-related macular disease which is the leading cause of blindness and vision impairment. Furthermore, many studies have reported that lutein may also have positive effects in different clinical conditions, thus ameliorating cognitive function, decreasing the risk of cancer, and improving measures of cardiovascular health. At present, the available data have been obtained from both observational studies investigating lutein intake with food, and a few intervention trials assessing the efficacy of lutein supplementation. In general, sustained lutein consumption, either through diet or supplementation, may contribute to reducing the burden of several chronic diseases. However, there are also conflicting data concerning lutein efficacy in inducing favorable effects on human health and there are no univocal data concerning the most appropriate dosage for daily lutein supplementation. Therefore, based on the most recent findings, this review will focus on lutein properties, dietary sources, usual intake, efficacy in human health, and toxicity. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Body weight regulation, socioeconomic status and epigenetic alterations; Obesity is a complex disease which has reached epidemic dimensions. Thus, prevention of excessive weight gain and associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases has to start as early in life as possible. The impact of epigenetic mechanisms on the regulation of genes involved in obesity is increasingly recognized. On the other hand, it is well known that socioeconomic factors influence the risk for obesity. These factors can also have an impact on epigenetic gene regulation. There is increasing body of evidence that several factors and interventions addressing extragenetic causes of obesity may not only improve individual health, but also the health of future generations by epigenetic alterations. Our current understanding of epigenetic changes has shown that many of them are potentially reversible, i.e. by physical exercise, by pharmacological treatment, by environmental factors or nutrition, or even by influencing socioeconomic factors, which might have impact on improving health in future generations by avoiding epigenetic dysregulation. In this review we present the current state of the art with regard to the interplay between social determinants, weight status and epigenetic alterations. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Role of vitamin D on the levels of oxidative stress and inflammatory factors in the patients with multiple sclerosis; Background and Aim: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory and autoimmune disease characterized by the degeneration of myelin sheath in the central nervous system. Vitamin D deficiency and an increase in the levels of oxidative stress and inflammation are regarded as possible causes of the disease. This review article deals with the role of vitamin D on the levels of oxidative stress and inflammatory factors in the patients with multiple sclerosis. Material and Method: In this review study data were selectively collected by using google scholar, science direct and pubmed data bases and also by searching key words of MS, vitamin D, inflammatory factors and oxidative stress, from 1990 to 2018. Results: Various studies have shown increased levels of pre-inflammatory factors and decreased levels of anti-inflammatory factors in the serum of the patients with MS. Therefore, active form of vitamin D, 1.25 (OH) 2D3 (calcitriol), can be effective in regulation of cellular immune function. It can decrease production of inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress but, increases anti-inflammatory cytokines. This vitamin can affect energy metabolism and its deficiency can result in increased basal metabolic rate and lack of provision of sufficient energy to the energy-dependent neurons. Conclusion: The results of this study showed that vitamin D can play a two-way role in maintaining balance between inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines. Vitamin D can improve survival of the MS patients by its antioxidant effect and reduction of oxidative stress. © 2018, Kurdistan University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Correlation between Resistin Level and Metabolic Syndrome Component: A Review; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) has a collection of some abnormal and pathological conditions that cause many critical diseases. Resistin is one of the possible candidates for these pathologies but there are not enough data to prove if resistin has positive, neutral, or negative effects on one or some components of MetS. This review summarizes data about comparing the effects and contribution of resistin in initiation and progression of MetS components and also its different actions between human and other mammalians. This summarized data about the relationship of resistin and MetS components have been obtained from clinical researches and in some cases even animal studies. To find the relevant studies, the search in PubMed, Science Direct, and Scopus were performed. Human and animal studies on relationships between resistin and MetS (initiation and progression of components) were included in our search. In experiments reported among different human genetic groups as well as the patients with various disease such as diabetes, no significant correlation is shown between FBG and resistin level. Furthermore, this review shows that the results of correlation between resistin and TG, HDL, and central or abdominal obesity were inconsistent. These inconsistencies can arise from different sample size or genetic groups, gender, and also from experimental studies. Therefore, to obtain precise results systematic review and meta-analyses are required. © 2018 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Assessment of circulating Wnt1 inducible signalling pathway protein 1 (WISP-1)/CCN4 as a novel biomarker of obesity; WNT1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP-1/CCN4) is a novel adipokine, which is upregulated in obesity, and induces a pro-inflammatory response in macrophages in-vitro. Preclinical observations suggested WISP-1/CCN4 as a potential candidate for novel obesity therapy targeting adipose tissue inflammation. Whether circulating levels of WISP-1/CCN4 in humans are altered in obesity and/or type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and in the postprandial state, however, is unknown. This study assessed circulating WISP-1/CCN4 levels in a) paired liquid meal tests and hyperinsulinemic- euglycemic clamps (cohort I, n = 26), b) healthy individuals (cohort II, n = 207) and c) individuals with different stages of obesity and glucose tolerance (cohort III, n = 253). Circulating plasma and serum WISP-1/CCN4 concentrations were measured using a commercially available ELISA. WISP-1/CCN4 levels were not influenced by changes in insulin and/or glucose during the tests. In healthy individuals, WISP-1/CCN4 was detectable in 13% of plasma samples with the intraclass correlation coefficient of 0.93 (95% CI: 0.84–0.96) and in 58.1% of the serum samples in cohort III. Circulating WISP-1/CCN4 positively correlated with body mass index, body fat percentage, leptin and triglyceride levels, hip circumference and fatty liver index. No differences in WISP-1/CCN4 levels between individuals with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and T2DM were found. The circulating concentrations of WISP-1/CCN4 showed no acute regulation in postprandial state and correlated with anthropometrical obesity markers and lipid profiles. In healthy individuals, WISP-1/CCN4 levels are more often below the detection limit. Thus, serum WISP-1/CCN4 levels may be used as a suitable biomarker of obesity. © 2017, The International CCN Society.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) in pregnancy can present as snoring and/or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), and the prevalence is increasing due to the increase in maternal obesity. Pregnant women often present with fatigue and daytime sleepiness rather than the classic symptoms. Habitual snoring, older age, chronic hypertension, and high prepregnancy body mass index are reliable indicators of increased risk for SDB and should trigger further testing. The gold standard for diagnosis of OSA is an overnight laboratory polysomnography. Although there are no studies linking SDB to poor fetal outcomes, fetal well-being remains paramount throughout the course of pregnancy. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Early elevated alkaline phosphatase increases the risk of large-for-gestational-age birth weight in pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance; Aims: The aim of this study was to assess the association between levels of alkaline phosphatase (ALP) in early pregnancy and the incidence of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonates in pregnant women without gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: A prospective cohort was carried out in 544 women and their biochemical parameters including serum ALP and demographic characteristics were collected in 13–16th gestational week. At 24–28th weeks of gestation, 50 g oral glucose challenge test and oral 75 g glucose tolerance test was performed. LGA was defined as birth weight ≥ 90th percentile for completed week of gestational age based on the sex-specific growth curves. Logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic analysis were utilized to identify independent risk factors and odds ratio among ALP quartiles for incidence of LGA. Results: Women diagnosed as LGA held higher level of ALP than women in non-LGA group (P = 0.008). Moreover, ALP (odds ratio (OR) 1.05 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.00, 1.10]) was the independent risk factors associated with LGA. Compared with ALP quartile 1, women in quartile 4 had more than 2.5-fold increased odds of LGA (OR 3.78, 95% CI: 1.10, 13.02), and the risk reached 4 times after adjusting several covariates (OR 4.15, 95% CI: 1.14,15.13). Conclusions: A significantly increased risk of LGA was associated with higher serum concentrations of ALP in pregnant women with NGT, even it is in normal reference range. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
The association between total bilirubin and serum triglyceride in both sexes in Chinese; Objective: Dyslipidemia can cause some chronic diseases. Bilirubin is reported to have anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. We aimed to explore the relationship between triglyceride and total bilirubin (TB) in a large Chinese cohort. Methods: A total of 80,298 healthy Chinese (48,971 male, 31,327 female) enrolled in this cross-sectional study. Clinical data were collected from participants. Database was divided according to sex and age. The relationship between triglyceride and TB was analyzed by quartiles of TB. Levels of triglyceride were compared in different TB subgroups by one-way analysis of variance and independent sample's t-test. Crude and adjusted odds ratios of triglyceride for TB with 95% confidence intervals were analyzed by binary logistic regression models. Results: Overall, men showed higher levels of TB and triglyceride than women. In people older than 60 years, women had higher triglyceride levels than men. Linear logistic regression analyses showed a negative relationship between triglyceride and TB in both genders. Men showed significantly higher overall incidence of high triglyceride than women. Men less than 60 years old showed a higher incidence of high triglyceride. For women older than 60 years, the incidence of high triglyceride was higher. However, high TB showed no protective effects on both genders from high TG in the binary logistic regression models. TB showed a detrimental effect on high TG in model 2 which included TB as a covariate. But that effect disappeared after other confounding factors were included. Conclusions: Our findings showed no association between TB and triglyceride in Chinese. © 2018 The Author(s).
Role of vitamin D in pregnancy and Toll-like receptor pathway; There is a growing concern about the impacts of hypovitaminosis D on the health of pregnant woman, fetal development, childhood, and adult life. Variations in maternal nutrition during gestation and/or lactation play a critical role in the physiological and metabolic development of the fetus and neonate, which can induce phenotypic changes and trigger important consequences throughout life, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and hypertension. Vitamin D plays a role in regulating cell proliferation and differentiation and in modulating the innate and adaptive immune response. Also, vitamin D correlates with changes in cytokines, anti and proinflammatory, as well as prevents inflammation induced by changes in myometrial cells mediated by the nuclear factor kappa B pathway. Further investigation is required regarding these relationship. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Do inositol supplements enhance phosphatidylinositol supply and thus support endoplasmic reticulum function?; This review attempts to explain why consuming extra myoinositol (Ins), an essential component of membrane phospholipids, is often beneficial for patients with conditions characterised by insulin resistance, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. For decades we assumed that most human diets provide an adequate Ins supply, but newer evidence suggests that increasing Ins intake ameliorates several disorders, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, poor sperm development and retinopathy of prematurity. Proposed explanations often suggest functional enhancement of minor facets of Ins Biology such as insulin signalling through putative inositol-containing 'mediators', but offer no explanation for this selectivity. It is more likely that eating extra Ins corrects a deficiency of an abundant Ins-containing cell constituent, probably phosphatidylinositol (PtdIns). Much of a cell's PtdIns is in ER membranes, and an increase in ER membrane synthesis, enhancing the ER's functional capacity, is often an important part of cell responses to ER stress. This review: (a) reinterprets historical information on Ins deficiency as describing a set of events involving a failure of cells adequately to adapt to ER stress; (b) proposes that in the conditions that respond to dietary Ins there is an overstretching of Ins reserves that limits the stressed ER's ability to make the 'extra' PtdIns needed for ER membrane expansion; and (c) suggests that eating Ins supplements increases the Ins supply to Ins-deficient and ER-stressed cells, allowing them to make more PtdIns and to expand the ER membrane system and sustain ER functions. © The Authors 2018.
Changes over time in hepatic markers predict changes in insulin sensitivity, β -cell function, and glycemia; Context Serum concentrations of liver enzymes and the hepatokine fetuin-A have been linked to the risk of type 2 diabetes, but their longitudinal impact on insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction is unclear. Objective To evaluate the impact of changes over 2 years in fetuin-A and the liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and 3-glutamyltransferase (GGT) on changes in insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, and glycemia in women with varying degrees of previous gestational dysglycemia, reflecting a range of future diabetic risk. Design/Setting/Participants In total, 336 women underwent glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, followed by repeat OGTT and measurement of ALT/AST/GGT/fetuin-A at both 1 year and 3 years postpartum. The antepartum GCT/OGTT identified four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes (n = 104), gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59), abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 98), and normal GCT/OGTT (n = 75). Results At 1 and 3 years postpartum, ALT, AST, GGT, and fetuin-A did not differ across the four groups, but the intervening change in ALT/AST ratio was greater in the gestational dysglycemia groups (P = 0.05). Higher baseline ALT/AST (t = -1.99, P = 0.05) and fetuin-A (t = -3.17, P = 0.002) predicted lower insulin sensitivity (Matsuda) at 3 years, as did their respective changes from 1 to 3 years (ALT/AST: t = -5.47, P < 0.0001; fetuin-A: t = -3.56, P = 0.0004). Change in ALT/AST predicted lower β-cell function (t = -2.33, P = 0.02) and higher fasting glucose at 3 years (t = 2.55, P = 0.01). Moreover, baseline fetuin-A predicted prediabetes/diabetes at 3 years (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.88). Conclusion Circulating hepatic markers, particularly ALT/AST ratio and fetuin-A, track with changes in insulin sensitivity and β-cell function, supporting a pathophysiologic basis in their prediction of diabetic risk. Copyright © 2018 Endocrine Society.
High-normal serum thyrotropin levels and increased glycemic variability in type 2 diabetic patients; Purpose: High-normal thyrotropin (TSH) is related to reduced insulin sensitivity and may contribute to glycemic disorders in diabetes. We investigated the relationship between normal serum TSH levels and glycemic variability in euthyroid type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: A total of 432 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients with euthyroid function and normal serum TSH levels were recruited between March 2013 and February 2017. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by the Matsuda index (ISIMatsuda) following a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. Multiple glycemic variability indices, including the mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE), mean of daily differences (MODD), and standard deviation of glucose (SD), were calculated from glucose data obtained with a continuous glucose monitoring system. Average glucose accessed by 24-h mean glucose (24-h MG) was also calculated. Results: A normal serum TSH level was positively correlated with MAGE, MODD, SD, and 24-h MG (r = 0.206, 0.178, 0.186, and 0.132, respectively, p < 0.01). After adjusting for somatometric parameters, lipid profiles, ISIMatsuda, and HbA1c via multiple linear regression analysis, mean differences [B(95% CI)] in MAGE, MODD, SD, and 24-h MG between the patients in the lowest and highest quartiles of TSH levels were 0.128(0.031, 0.226), 0.085(0.022, 0.148), 0.039(0.001, 0.078), and 0.002(−0.264, 0.267) mmol/L, respectively. High-normal TSH was independently associated with MAGE, MODD, and SD, but not 24-h MG. Conclusions: High-normal serum TSH is a significant additional risk factor for increased glycemic variability in type 2 diabetic patients. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
A cautionary response to SMFM statement: pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes; Use of oral agents to treat gestational diabetes mellitus remains controversial. Recent recommendations from the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine assert that metformin may be a safe first-line alternative to insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus treatment and preferable to glyburide. However, several issues should give pause to the widespread adoption of metformin use during pregnancy. Fetal concentrations of metformin are equal to maternal, and metformin can inhibit growth, suppress mitochondrial respiration, have epigenetic modifications on gene expression, mimic fetal nutrient restriction, and alter postnatal gluconeogenic responses. Because both the placenta and fetus express metformin transporters and exhibit high mitochondrial activity, these properties raise important questions about developmental programming of metabolic disease in offspring. Animal studies have demonstrated that prenatal metformin exposure results in adverse long-term outcomes on body weight and metabolism. Two recent clinical randomized controlled trials in women with gestational diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome provide evidence that metformin exposure in utero may produce a metabolic phenotype that increases childhood weight or obesity. These developmental programming effects challenge the conclusion that metformin is equivalent to insulin. Although the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine statement endorsed metformin over glyburide if oral agents are used, there are few studies directly comparing the 2 agents and it is not clear that metformin alone is superior to glyburide. Moreover, it should be noted that prior clinical studies have dosed glyburide in a manner inconsistent with its pharmacokinetic properties, resulting in poor glycemic control and high rates of maternal hypoglycemia. We concur with the American Diabetes Association and American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which recommend insulin as the preferred agent, but we believe that it is premature to embrace metformin as equivalent to insulin or superior to glyburide. Due to the uncertainty of the long-term metabolic risks of either metformin or glyburide, we call for carefully controlled studies that optimize oral medication dosing according to their pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties in pregnancy, appropriately target medications based on individual patterns of hyperglycemia, and follow the offspring long-term for metabolic risk. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Dietary habits associated with reduced insulin resistance: The Nagahama study; Aims: To investigate the association between insulin resistance assessed by a homeostasis model and dietary habits. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis using a community-based cohort, the Nagahama Prospective Cohort for Comprehensive Human Bioscience. Multiple linear regression analysis was performed with log HOMA-IR or log HOMA-β as the dependent variable and 20 dietary habits, tobacco smoking, medical history, family medical history of diabetes, age and BMI as the simultaneous independent variables in each sex separately. Results: Females (n = 2956) eating fish dishes every day had a HOMA-IR 0.90 times that of the reference group (P = 0.043). Females eating miso-soup every day had a HOMA-IR 0.95 times that of the reference group (P = 0.038). Males (n = 1371) eating vegetable dishes every day had a HOMA-IR 0.91 times that of the reference group (P = 0.003). Males eating egg dishes 4 to 5 times per week had a HOMA-IR 1.14 times that of the reference group (P = 0.011). Males eating fruits every day had a HOMA-IR 1.13 that of the reference group (P = 0.008). Conclusions: Dietary habits associated with lower insulin resistance were eating fish dishes, miso soup or vegetable dishes every day and eating staple foods for dinner, egg dishes or fruits less frequently. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Concerted redox modulation by sulforaphane alleviates diabetes and cardiometabolic syndrome; Diabetes and cardiometabolic disorders such as hypertension and obesity are major risk factors for the development of cardiovascular disease, with a wealth of evidence suggesting that oxidative stress is linked to the initiation and pathogenesis of these disease processes. With yearly increases in the global incidence of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and diabetes, numerous studies have focused on characterizing whether upregulating antioxidant defenses through exogenous antioxidants (e.g. vitamin E, vitamin C) or activation of endogenous defenses (e.g. the Nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) antioxidant defense pathway) may be of benefit. The dietary isothiocyanate sulforaphane (SFN) is currently the subject of several clinical trials for a variety of disease states, including the evaluation of its therapeutic potential to ameliorate diabetic and cardiometabolic complications. SFN is a well characterized and potent Nrf2 inducer, however recent studies suggest its protective actions may be in part mediated by its modulation of various pro-inflammatory (e.g. Nuclear factor-kappa B (NFκB)) and metabolic (e.g. Peroxisome Proliferator-Activator Receptor Gamma (PPARγ)) signaling pathways. The focus of this review is to provide a detailed analysis of the known mechanisms by which SFN modulates Nrf2, NFκB and PPARγ signaling and crosstalk and to provide a critical evaluation of the evidence linking these transcriptional pathways with diabetic and cardiometabolic complications and SFN mediated cytoprotection. To allow comparison between rodent and human studies, we discuss the published bioavailability of SFN metabolites achieved in rodents and man in the context of Nrf2, NFκB and PPARγ signaling. Furthermore, we provide an update on the functional outcomes and implicated signaling pathways reported in recent clinical trials with SFN in Type 2 diabetic patients. © 2018
Autophagy induction by trehalose: Molecular mechanisms and therapeutic impacts; The balance between synthesis and degradation is crucial to maintain cellular homeostasis and different mechanisms are known to keep this balance. In this review, we will provide a short overview on autophagy as an intracellular homeostatic degradative machinery. We will also describe the involvement of downregulation of autophagy in numerous diseases including neurodegenerative diseases, cancer, aging, metabolic disorders, and other infectious diseases. Therefore, modulation of autophagic processes can represent a promising way of intervention in different diseases including neurodegeneration and cancer. Trehalose, also known as mycose, is a natural disaccharide found extensively but not abundantly among several organisms. It is described that trehalose can work as an important autophagy modulator and can be proficiently used in the control several diseases in which autophagy plays an important role. On these bases, we describe here the role of trehalose as an innovative drug in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases and other illnesses opening a new scenario of intervention in conditions difficult to be treated. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Aberrant cardiolipin metabolism is associated with cognitive deficiency and hippocampal alteration in tafazzin knockdown mice; Cardiolipin (CL) is a key mitochondrial phospholipid essential for mitochondrial energy production. CL is remodeled from monolysocardiolipin (MLCL) by the enzyme tafazzin (TAZ). Loss-of-function mutations in the gene which encodes TAZ results in a rare X-linked disorder called Barth Syndrome (BTHS). The mutated TAZ is unable to maintain the physiological CL:MLCL ratio, thus reducing CL levels and affecting mitochondrial function. BTHS is best known as a cardiac disease, but has been acknowledged as a multi-syndrome disorder, including cognitive deficits. Since reduced CL levels has also been reported in numerous neurodegenerative disorders, we examined how TAZ-deficiency impacts cognitive abilities, brain mitochondrial respiration and the function of hippocampal neurons and glia in TAZ knockdown (TAZ kd) mice. We have identified for the first time the profile of changes that occur in brain phospholipid content and composition of TAZ kd mice. The brain of TAZ kd mice exhibited reduced TAZ protein expression, reduced total CL levels and a 19-fold accumulation of MLCL compared to wild-type littermate controls. TAZ kd brain exhibited a markedly distinct profile of CL and MLCL molecular species. In mitochondria, the activity of complex I was significantly elevated in the monomeric and supercomplex forms with TAZ-deficiency. This corresponded with elevated mitochondrial state I respiration and attenuated spare capacity. Furthermore, the production of reactive oxygen species was significantly elevated in TAZ kd brain mitochondria. While motor function remained normal in TAZ kd mice, they showed significant memory deficiency based on novel object recognition test. These results correlated with reduced synaptophysin protein levels and derangement of the neuronal CA1 layer in hippocampus. Finally, TAZ kd mice had elevated activation of brain immune cells, microglia compared to littermate controls. Collectively, our findings demonstrate that TAZ-mediated remodeling of CL contributes significantly to the expansive distribution of CL molecular species in the brain, plays a key role in mitochondria respiratory activity, maintains normal cognitive function, and identifies the hippocampus as a potential therapeutic target for BTHS. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Bile acid metabolites in early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes in Chinese women: A nested case-control study; Background: Bile acid metabolism plays an important role in metabolism but it is uncertain whether bile acid metabolites in early pregnancy are associated with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We organized a 1:1 case-control study nested in a prospective cohort of 22,302 pregnant women recruited from 2010 to 2012 in China: 243 women with GDM were matched with 243 non-GDM controls on age (±1 year). Conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline were used to examine full-range associations of bile acid metabolites with GDM. Findings: All the 9 detectable bile acids were inversely associated with the risk of GDM, among them, 8 in nonlinear and one in largely linear manners in multivariable analysis. Glycoursodeoxycholic acid (GUDCA) at ≤0.07 nmol/mL and deoxycholic acid (DCA) at ≤0.28 nmol/mL had threshold effects and their decreasing levels below the cutoff points were associated with rapid rises in the risk of GDM. In traditional risk factor model, the stepwise procedure identified that GUDCA ≤ 0.07 nmol/mL and DCA ≤ 0.280 nmol/mL were still significant (OR: 6.84, 95%CI: 1.10–42.48 & 2.06, 1.26–3.37), while other bile acids were not. Inclusion of the two bile acids in the model increased the area under operating characteristic's curve from 0.69 to 0.76 (95% CI: 0.71–0.80) (P <.05). Interpretation: Serum GUDCA ≤ 0.07 nmol/mL and DCA ≤ 0.28 nmol/mL in early pregnancy were independently associated with increased risk of GDM in Chinese pregnant women. Funding: Talent Recruitment Scheme grant of Tianjin Medical University and National Key Research and Development Program, etc. © 2018 The Authors
Adiposity, Vitamin D requirements, and clinical implications for obesity-related metabolic abnormalities; This review was conducted to clarify both the complex interrelationship between adiposity and vitamin D and the clinical implications of vitamin D status on metabolic abnormalities associated with obesity. Obesity increases the risk of vitamin D deficiency, a finding consistently reported across all ages and in different population groups. According to genetic studies, this is driven by the effect of higher adiposity, which causes a reduction in circulating concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D, used as an indicator of vitamin D status]. Conversely, higher concentrations of 25(OH)D do not appear to affect the risk of obesity. Evidence from clinical trials using vitamin D supplementation to achieve weight reduction is limited. Some trials, however, have suggested that concomitant supplementation with vitamin D and calcium potentially reduces central fat deposits, especially in individuals with low dietary calcium intakes. Adiposity has important implications for the efficacy of vitamin D supplementation, and increases in 25(OH)D concentrations are generally lower in obese than in normal-weight individuals. Active hormonal vitamin D has many mechanistic effects, both physiologically and biochemically, that could counteract the harmful effects of obesity on metabolism and reduce the risks of metabolic abnormalities and tissue damage consequent to adiposity. Whether improvements in the overall obesogenic metabolic profile can be achieved by vitamin D supplementation, however, is still unknown. © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute.
The role of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in the development and progression of fibrosis associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) encompasses a spectrum of conditions ranging from hepatic steatosis to inflammation (nonalcoholic steatohepatitis or NASH) with or without fibrosis, in the absence of significant alcohol consumption. The presence of fibrosis in NASH patients is associated with greater liver-related morbidity and mortality; however, the molecular mechanisms underlying the development of fibrosis and cirrhosis in NAFLD patients remain poorly understood. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are emerging as key contributors to biological processes that are underpinning the initiation and progression of NAFLD fibrosis. This review summarizes the experimental findings that have been obtained to date in animal models of liver fibrosis and NAFLD patients with fibrosis. We also discuss the potential applicability of circulating lncRNAs to serve as biomarkers for the diagnosis and prognosis of NAFLD fibrosis. A better understanding of the role played by lncRNAs in NAFLD fibrosis is critical for the identification of novel therapeutic targets for drug development and improved, noninvasive methods for disease diagnosis. © 2018 by the authors.
Roles of Spicy Foods and Their Bioactive Compounds in Management of Hypercholesterolemia; Hypercholesterolemia, as one of the major risk factors in development of cardiovascular diseases, is of mounting prevalence worldwide in recent years. Many nutraceuticals and phytochemical supplements serve as a promising complementary therapy in the management of hypercholesterolemia. Among them, spicy foods have attracted special attention. Plasma lipid-lowering activity of garlic, ginger, and turmeric have been well-studied in both humans and animals. Consumption of either 3 g/day of ginger or 2 g/day of curcumin for over 4 weeks effectively reduced blood cholesterol in hypercholesterolemia subjects. However, effects of chili and black peppers on blood cholesterol are studied little clinically. The present review is to summarize the findings of recent studies on the efficacy and mechanism of spicy foods and their primary bioactive components in management of hypercholesterolemia from preclinical studies to clinical trials. © 2018 American Chemical Society.
Acute abdomen during pregnancy; This book will help the reader to recognize, diagnose, and treat most of the acute abdominal disorders that may be encountered in the pregnant patient, whether associated with or incidental to the pregnancy. A wide range of conditions are addressed, including some which are very rare as well as those more frequently seen, such as acute appendicitis and acute cholecystitis. The principles underlying diagnosis and therapy are clearly explained. Particular features in the clinical presentation of pregnant patients are highlighted, and specific diagnostic and therapeutic algorithms and protocols, described. Attention is drawn to the diagnostic difficulties that may arise from atypical presentations and to restrictions on the use of certain diagnostic imaging studies. The book is designed to meet the needs of both the gynecologist and the general or abdominal surgeon, who together form the multidisciplinary team mandatory for effective treatment that will safeguard mother and baby. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2014, 2018. All rights reserved.
Adiponectin synthesis and secretion by subcutaneous adipose tissue is impaired during obesity by endoplasmic reticulum stress; Subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral (VAT) adipose tissues stores excess energy as triglycerides and synthesize adiponectin to prevent ectopic lipid accumulation and lipotoxicity. During obesity, an impairment in the capacity of SAT to store triglycerides and synthesize adiponectin is associated with increased free fatty acids (FFA) release, leading to VAT hypertrophy and hepatic and skeletal muscle lipotoxicity. Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and the unfolded protein response (UPR) may be involved in SAT dysfunction during obesity. The objectives of this study were to assess UPR activation and adiponectin synthesis in: 1) SAT and VAT from mice exposed to acute pharmacologic or chronic obesity-induced ER stress and in 2) cultured mice primary mature adipocytes or adipocytes differentiated in vitro from SAT and VAT exposed to tunicamycin or thapsigargin. Mice fed a high-fat diet developed obesity, increased FFA and lower circulating adiponectin in association with lower adiponectin synthesis and increased UPR markers in SAT. Mice subjected to acute ER stress by pioglitazone administration and a low-dose tunicamycin injection presented a maladaptive UPR activation in SAT along with reduced adiponectin synthesis and secretion and increased lipolysis with respect to VAT, associated with lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle and liver. Primary adipocytes and adipocytes differentiated from SAT exposed to pharmacologic ER stress also developed maladaptive UPR, along with reduced adiponectin synthesis and increased lipolysis with respect to those from VAT. Our results indicate that compared to VAT, SAT is more susceptible to ER stress, leading to increased lipolysis and reduced adiponectin synthesis and secretion. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Epigenetic effects of metformin: From molecular mechanisms to clinical implications; There is a growing body of evidence that links epigenetic modifications to type 2 diabetes. Researchers have more recently investigated effects of commonly used medications, including those prescribed for diabetes, on epigenetic processes. This work reviews the influence of the widely used antidiabetic drug metformin on epigenomics, microRNA levels and subsequent gene expression, and potential clinical implications. Metformin may influence the activity of numerous epigenetic modifying enzymes, mostly by modulating the activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK). Activated AMPK can phosphorylate numerous substrates, including epigenetic enzymes such as histone acetyltransferases (HATs), class II histone deacetylases (HDACs) and DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs), usually resulting in their inhibition; however, HAT1 activity may be increased. Metformin has also been reported to decrease expression of multiple histone methyltransferases, to increase the activity of the class III HDAC SIRT1 and to decrease the influence of DNMT inhibitors. There is evidence that these alterations influence the epigenome and gene expression, and may contribute to the antidiabetic properties of metformin and, potentially, may protect against cancer, cardiovascular disease, cognitive decline and aging. The expression levels of numerous microRNAs are also reportedly influenced by metformin treatment and may confer antidiabetic and anticancer activities. However, as the reported effects of metformin on epigenetic enzymes act to both increase and decrease histone acetylation, histone and DNA methylation, and gene expression, a significant degree of uncertainty exists concerning the overall effect of metformin on the epigenome, on gene expression, and on the subsequent effect on the health of metformin users. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Maternal obesity has sex-dependent effects on insulin, glucose and lipid metabolism and the liver transcriptome in young adult rat offspring; Key points: Maternal high-fat diet consumption predisposes to metabolic dysfunction in male and female offspring at young adulthood. Maternal obesity programs non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a sex-dependent manner. We demonstrate sex-dependent liver transcriptome profiles in rat offspring of obese mothers. In this study, we focused on pathways related to insulin, glucose and lipid signalling. These results improve understanding of the mechanisms by which a maternal high-fat diet affects the offspring. Abstract: Maternal obesity (MO) predisposes offspring (F1) to obesity, insulin resistance (IR) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). MO's effects on the F1 liver transcriptome are poorly understood. We used RNA-seq to determine the liver transcriptome of male and female F1 of MO and control-fed mothers. We hypothesized that MO-F1 are predisposed to sex-dependent adult liver dysfunction. Female Wistar rat mothers ate a control (C) or obesogenic (MO) diet from the time they were weaned through breeding at postnatal day (PND) 120, delivery and lactation. After weaning, all male and female F1 ate a control diet. At PND 110, F1 serum, liver and fat were collected to analyse metabolites, histology and liver differentially expressed genes. Male and female MO-F1 showed increased adiposity index, triglycerides, insulin and homeostatic model assessment vs. C-F1 with similar body weight and glucose serum concentrations. MO-F1 males presented greater physiological and histological NAFLD characteristics than MO-F1 females. RNA-seq revealed 1365 genes significantly changed in male MO-F1 liver and only 70 genes in female MO-F1 compared with controls. GO and KEGG analysis identified differentially expressed genes related to metabolic processes. Male MO-F1 liver showed the following altered pathways: insulin signalling (22 genes), phospholipase D signalling (14 genes), NAFLD (13 genes) and glycolysis/gluconeogenesis (7 genes). In contrast, few genes were altered in these pathways in MO-F1 females. In summary, MO programs sex-dependent F1 changes in insulin, glucose and lipid signalling pathways, leading to liver dysfunction and insulin resistance. © 2018 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2018 The Physiological Society
Physical exercise-induced myokines and muscle-adipose tissue crosstalk: A review of current knowledge and the implications for health and metabolic diseases; Physical exercise has beneficial effects on metabolic diseases, and a combined therapeutic regimen of regular exercise and pharmaceutical treatment is often recommended for their clinical management. However, the mechanisms by which exercise produces these beneficial effects are not fully understood. Myokines, a group of skeletal muscle (SkM) derived peptides may play an important part in this process. Myokines are produced, expressed and released by muscle fibers under contraction and exert both local and pleiotropic effects. Myokines such as IL-6, IL-10, and IL-1ra released during physical exercise mediate its health benefits. Just as exercise seems to promote the myokine response, physical inactivity seems to impair it, and could be a mechanism to explain the association between sedentary behavior and many chronic diseases. Myokines help configure the immune-metabolic factor interface and the health promoting effects of physical exercise through the release of humoral factors capable of interacting with other tissues, mainly adipose tissue (AT). AT itself secretes proinflammatory cytokines (adipokines) as a result of physical inactivity and it is well recognized that AT inflammation can lead to the development of metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and atherosclerosis. On the other hand, the browning phenotype of AT has been suggested to be one of the mechanisms through which physical exercise improves body composition in overweight/obese individuals. Although, many cytokines are involved in the crosstalk between SkM and AT, in respect of these effects, it is IL-6, IL-15, irisin, and myostatin which seem to have the decisive role in this "conversation" between AT and SkM. This review article proposes to bring together the latest "state of the art" knowledge regarding Myokines and muscle-adipose tissue crosstalk. Furthermore, it is intended to particularly focus on the immune-metabolic changes from AT directly mediated by myokines. © 2018 Leal, Lopes and Batista.
CREB1 functional polymorphisms modulating promoter transcriptional activity are associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus risk in Chinese population; The cAMP responsive element binding protein 1 (CREB1) is a ubiquitous transcription factor that contributes to the regulation of gluconeogenesis. The mechanisms of the CREB1 function remain largely unknown. In this study, we aimed to explore genetic variations in CREB1 promoter region and determine whether these loci affect transcriptional activity and risk on type 2 diabetes (T2D). Three polymorphisms were identified and designated as MU1, MU2 and MU3, respectively. Genotypic distribution analysis revealed that MU1 genotypes presented similar distribution between T2D and healthy controls (P > 0.05), while the MU2 and MU3 showed significant differences (P < 0.05). Haplotypic blocks of the three loci were constructed, and H1-TGA, H2-TTT and H3-ATT had higher frequencies in T2D patients than those in controls. Association studies revealed that the three loci significantly affected plasma glucose, glycated hemoglobin and insulin secretion. Disequilibrium analysis identified that the MU2 and MU3 variants were strongly linked in T2D (r2 = 0.348, D' = 1.0). Further analysis indicated that MU2 (TT vs GG, OR = 2.38, 95%CI = 1.19–4.77, P = 0.01) and MU3 (AA vs TT, OR = 1.16, 95%CI = 1.19–4.77, P = 0.04) were significantly associated with T2D in dominant genotypes. Luciferase assay showed that T-A haplotype from the highly linked MU2 and MU3 exhibited maximal promoter activity, which was consistent with the correlation results. We concluded that the TT genotype of MU2 and the AA genotype of MU3 could be used as molecular markers for evaluating the risk on T2D. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Current Insights into the Biological Action of Squalene; Squalene is a triterpenic compound found in a large number of plants and other sources with a long tradition of research since it was first reported in 1926. Herein a systematic review of studies concerning squalene published in the last 8 years is presented. These studies have provided further support for its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-atherosclerotic properties in vivo and in vitro. Moreover, an antineoplastic effect in nutrigenetic-type treatments, which depends on the failing metabolic pathway of tumors, has also been reported. The bioavailability of squalene in cell cultures, animal models, and in humans has been well established, and further progress has been made in regard to the intracellular transport of this lipophilic molecule. Squalene accumulates in the liver and decreases hepatic cholesterol and triglycerides, with these actions being exerted via a complex network of changes in gene expression at both transcriptional and post-transcriptional levels. Its presence in different biological fluids has also been studied. The combination of squalene with other bioactive compounds has been shown to enhance its pleiotropic properties and might lead to the formulation of functional foods and nutraceuticals to control oxidative stress and, therefore, numerous age-related diseases in human and veterinary medicine. © 2018 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Metabolic and genetic response to probiotics supplementation in patients with diabetic nephropathy: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; This study was carried out to evaluate the effects of probiotics administration on the metabolic and genetic profiles in patients with diabetic nephropathy (DN). This was a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial with homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) as the primary and other metabolic profiles, and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress as the secondary outcomes. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed on 60 patients with DN. The patients were randomly assigned into two groups to receive either 8 × 109 CFU day−1 probiotic supplements or placebo (n = 30 in each group) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood was collected at the baseline and end of intervention to measure glycemic control, lipid profiles, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess the treatment effects on the outcomes adjusting for confounding variables. Probiotics supplementation, compared with the placebo, resulted in a significant reduction in fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.01), serum insulin concentrations (P = 0.01) and HOMA-IR (P = 0.007), and a significant increase in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (P = 0.04). Additionally, compared with the placebo, probiotic intake resulted in a significant reduction in triglycerides (P = 0.001) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P < 0.001), and a significant increase in HDL-cholesterol levels (P < 0.001). Supplementation with probiotics, compared with the placebo, was associated with a significant reduction in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (P = 0.001), malondialdehyde (P < 0.001) and advanced glycation end products (P < 0.001), and a significant elevation in plasma total glutathione (P < 0.001). Overall, our study indicated that probiotics supplementation had beneficial effects on glycemic control and markers of cardio-metabolic risk. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Emerging Role of Adipocytokines in Type 2 Diabetes as Mediators of Insulin Resistance and Cardiovascular Disease; Adipose tissue is an enormously active endocrine organ, secreting various hormones, such as adiponectin, leptin, resistin and visfatin, together with classical cytokines, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). All these adipocytokines play significant roles in the regulation of energy metabolism, glucose and lipid metabolism, reproduction, cardiovascular function and immunity. Adipocytokines are significantly regulated by nutritional status and can directly influence other organ systems, including brain, liver and skeletal muscle. Adiponectin plays a key role as an anti-inflammatory hormone. Upregulated expression of resistin, vaspin, apelin and TNF-α plays a significant role in induction of insulin resistance linked with obesity and type 2 diabetes. Ghrelin, the circulating peptide, has been found to stimulate appetite and regulate energy balance. Thus, it can be considered 1 of the candidate genes for obesity and type 2 diabetes. Omentin is a novel adipokine produced by visceral adipose tissue. Circulating levels of omentin are decreased in insulin-resistant states, for example, in obesity and diabetes. IL-6 plays a vital role in regulating the accumulation of lipids intramyocardially. Based on the biologic relevance of these adipocytokines, they can no longer be considered as energy storage sites alone but must also be considered in metabolic control. Hence, the present review summarizes the regulatory roles of adipocytokines in diabetes linked with obesity. © 2017 Diabetes Canada
The effects of magnesium and vitamin e co-supplementation on parameters of glucose homeostasis and lipid profiles in patients with gestational diabetes; Background: Magnesium and vitamin E are known to exert multiple beneficial effects, such as anti-glycemic and anti-lipidemic properties. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of magnesium and vitamin E co-supplementation on metabolic status of women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Methods: This randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 60 subjects diagnosed with GDM, aged 18-40 years. Subjects were randomly allocated into two groups to receive 250 mg/day magnesium oxide plus 400 IU/day vitamin E supplements or placebo (n = 30 each group) for 6 weeks. Participants' blood samples were taken to determine their metabolic profiles. Results: Subjects who received magnesium plus vitamin E supplements had significantly lower fasting plasma glucose (β - 5.20 mg/dL; 95% CI, - 7.88, - 2.52; P = 0.002), serum insulin levels (β - 2.93 μIU/mL; 95% CI, - 5.68, - 0.18; P = 0.02) and homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (β - 0.78; 95% CI, - 1.42, - 0.14; P = 0.01), and higher quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (β 0.01; 95% CI, 0.005, 0.02; P = 0.002) compared with placebo. In addition, magnesium plus vitamin E supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in serum triglycerides (β - 50.31 mg/dL; 95% CI, - 67.58, - 33.04; P < 0.001), VLDL- (β - 10.06 mg/dL; 95% CI, - 13.51, - 6.60; P < 0.001), total- (β - 26.10 mg/dL; 95% CI, - 41.88, - 10.33; P = 0.004), LDL- (β - 15.20 mg/dL; 95% CI, - 29.50, - 0.91; P = 0.03) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (β - 0.46; 95% CI, - 0.72, - 0.19; P < 0.001) compared with placebo. Magnesium and vitamin E co-supplementation did not affect HDL-cholesterol levels. Conclusions: Overall, magnesium and vitamin E co-supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved glycemic control and lipid profiles, except for HDL-cholesterol levels. Clinical trial registration number: http://www.irct.ir: IRCT20170513033941N24. © 2018 The Author(s).
No effects without causes: the Iron Dysregulation and Dormant Microbes hypothesis for chronic, inflammatory diseases; Since the successful conquest of many acute, communicable (infectious) diseases through the use of vaccines and antibiotics, the currently most prevalent diseases are chronic and progressive in nature, and are all accompanied by inflammation. These diseases include neurodegenerative (e.g. Alzheimer's, Parkinson's), vascular (e.g. atherosclerosis, pre-eclampsia, type 2 diabetes) and autoimmune (e.g. rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis) diseases that may appear to have little in common. In fact they all share significant features, in particular chronic inflammation and its attendant inflammatory cytokines. Such effects do not happen without underlying and initially ‘external’ causes, and it is of interest to seek these causes. Taking a systems approach, we argue that these causes include (i) stress-induced iron dysregulation, and (ii) its ability to awaken dormant, non-replicating microbes with which the host has become infected. Other external causes may be dietary. Such microbes are capable of shedding small, but functionally significant amounts of highly inflammagenic molecules such as lipopolysaccharide and lipoteichoic acid. Sequelae include significant coagulopathies, not least the recently discovered amyloidogenic clotting of blood, leading to cell death and the release of further inflammagens. The extensive evidence discussed here implies, as was found with ulcers, that almost all chronic, infectious diseases do in fact harbour a microbial component. What differs is simply the microbes and the anatomical location from and at which they exert damage. This analysis offers novel avenues for diagnosis and treatment. © 2018 The Authors. Biological Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Cambridge Philosophical Society.
High-fat diet effects on amniotic fluid volume and amnion aquaporin expression in non-human primates; Western style, high-fat diet (HFD) and associated high lipid levels have deleterious effects on fetal and placental development independent of maternal obesity and/or diabetes. Our objectives were to determine whether HFD without development of obesity would alter amniotic fluid volume (AFV) and amnion aquaporin (AQP) expression in a non-human primate model. Japanese macaques were fed either a control diet or HFD before and during pregnancy. The four quadrant amniotic fluid index (AFI) was used as an ultrasonic estimate of AFV at 120 days gestation. Amnion samples were collected at 130 days gestation by cesarean section and AQP mRNA levels were determined by quantitative RT-PCR. Similar to that in human, AQP1, AQP3, AQP8, AQP9, and AQP11 were expressed in the macaque amnion with significant differences in levels among AQPs. In macaque, neither individual AQPs nor expression profiles of the five AQPs differed between control and non-obese HFD animals. There were regional differences in AQP expression in that, AQP1 mRNA levels were highest and AQP8 lowest in reflected amnion while AQP3, AQP9, and AQP11 were not different among amnion regions. When subdivided into control and HFD groups, AQP1 mRNA levels remain highest in the reflected amnion of both groups. The HFD did not significantly affect the AFI, but AFI was positively correlated with AQP11 mRNA levels independent of diet. Collectively, these data suggest that HFD in pregnant non-obese individuals may have at most modest effects on AFV as the AFI and amnion AQP expression are not substantially altered. © 2018 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
Metabolic Abnormalities in Diabetes and Kidney Disease: Role of Uremic Toxins; Purpose of Review: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is characterized by the accumulation of uremic retention solutes (URS) and is associated with perturbations of glucose homeostasis even in absence of diabetes. The underlying mechanisms of insulin resistance, β cell failure, and increase risk of diabetes in CKD, however, remain unclear. Metabolomic studies reported that some metabolites are similar in CKD and diabetic kidney disease (DKD) and contribute to the progression to end-stage renal disease. We attempted to discuss the mechanisms involved in the disruption of carbohydrate metabolism in CKD by focusing on the specific role of URS. Recent Findings: Recent clinical data have demonstrated a defect of insulin secretion in CKD. Several studies highlighted the direct role of some URS (urea, trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO), p-cresyl sulfate, 3-carboxylic acid 4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furan propionic (CMPF)) in glucose homeostasis abnormalities and diabetes incidence. Summary: Gut dysbiosis has been identified as a potential contributor to diabetes and to the production of URS. The complex interplay between the gut microbiota, kidney, pancreas β cell, and peripheral insulin target tissues has brought out new hypotheses for the pathogenesis of CKD and DKD. The characterization of intestinal microbiota and its associated metabolites are likely to fill fundamental knowledge gaps leading to innovative research, clinical trials, and new treatments for CKD and DKD. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Sex consideration in diet-biomarker-related indices: A systematic review; Objective: An index of biomarkers derived from dietary factors (diet-biomarker-related index) identifies foods and nutrients that encompass physiological potentials and provides scientific evidence for dietary patterns that increase the risk of disease associated with specific biomarkers. Although men and women have different dietary patterns and physiological characteristics, sex is not often considered when investigators develop a diet-biomarker-related index. We aimed to review whether epidemiological studies developed diet-biomarker-related indices in a sex-specific way. Design: We systematically searched for epidemiological studies that developed diet-biomarker-related indices, including (i) biomarker prediction indices that include dietary factors as explanatory variables and (ii) dietary patterns to explain biomarker variations, in the PubMed and EMBASE databases. We qualitatively reviewed the sex consideration in index development. Results: We identified seventy-nine studies that developed a diet-biomarker-related index. We found that fifty-four studies included both men and women. Of these fifty-four studies, twenty-nine (53·7 %) did not consider sex, eleven (20·3 %) included sex in the development model, seven (13·0 %) considered sex but did not include sex in the development model, and seven (13·0 %) derived a diet-biomarker-related index for men and women separately. A list of selected dietary factors that explained levels of biomarkers generally differed by sex in the studies that developed a diet-biomarker-related index in a sex-specific way. Conclusions: Most studies that included both men and women did not develop the diet-biomarker-related index in a sex-specific way. Further research is needed to identify whether a sex-specific diet-biomarker-related index is more predictive of the disease of interest than an index without sex consideration. © The Authors 2018.
Cardiopulmonary consequences of gestational toxicant exposure: Symposium overview at the 56th annual SOT meeting, Baltimore, MD; Xenobiotic exposures affect the maternal and/or in utero environment resulting in impairments in fetal development. During the period of rapid fetal growth, developing cardiovascular systems are especially vulnerable to their environment. Furthermore, fetal exposures can evoke changes in epigenetic signatures that result in permanent modifications in gene expression. This symposium focused on the intersection between maternal and fetal exposure and the developing cardiovascular system. The impact of maternal exposures on prenatal development is of major concern for regulatory agencies given the unique vulnerability of the embryo/fetus to environmental factors, the importance of vascular biology to maternal-fetal interactions, and the adverse consequences of vascular disruption to children's health. Speakers provided data from diverse exposures: nanomaterials, particulate matter or air pollution (PM2.5), nicotine, and environmental chemicals. The current findings related to susceptible gestational windows for cardiovascular development and epigenetic, transcriptomic, toxicokinetic, and toxicodynamic changes in vascular physiology and cardiac function. In response to these concerns, new concepts in predictive modeling and risk assessment associated with in utero exposures were presented as future avenues of research within developmental toxicology. Finally, current applications using an Adverse Outcome Pathway framework for developmental toxicity were presented to integrate data from in vitro profiling of chemical libraries (e.g. ToxCast™) with computational models for in silico toxicology. In summary, this symposium addressed the significant threats to cardiovascular health that are associated with fetal/perinatal exposures, and offered new insights into the predictive, mechanistic, and risk assessment strategies in developmental toxicology. © 2018
Hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes; Objective Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated risk of ultimately developing pre-diabetes and diabetes later in life. They also have an increased prevalence of fatty liver, but recent studies have reported conflicting findings on whether hepatic fat affects their risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the associations of liver fat with glucose homeostasis and determinants thereof in women with and without recent gestational dysglycemia. Methods Two hundred and fifty-seven women underwent an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which diagnosed 97 with GDM, 40 with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), and 120 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). At a mean of 4.8 years post partum, they underwent an OGTT (which revealed that 52 had progressed to pre-diabetes/diabetes) and hepatic ultrasound, on which liver fat was graded as none (n=164), mild (n=66), or moderate (n=27). Results Liver fat was more prevalent in women with previous GDM than in those with GIGT or NGT (p=0.009) and in women with current pre-diabetes/diabetes than in those without (p=0.0003). As the severity of liver fat increased, there was a progressive worsening of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, coupled with rising fasting and 2-hour glucose (all p<0.0001). On multiple linear regression analyses, moderate liver fat was independently associated with lower insulin sensitivity (p=0.0002) and higher 2-hour glucose (p=0.009). Moreover, moderate liver fat emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes (OR=3.66, 95% CI 1.1 to 12.5). Conclusion The higher prevalence of liver fat in women with previous GDM is associated with their increased risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes. © 2018 Author(s).
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Relationship with cardiovascular risk markers and clinical endpoints; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a common diagnosis and is increasing in prevalence worldwide. NAFLD is usually asymptomatic at presentation; progression of the disease is unpredictable, leading to the development of a variety of techniques for screening, diagnosis and risk stratification. Clinical methods in current use include serum biomarker panels, hepatic ultrasound, magnetic resonance imaging, and liver biopsy. NAFLD is strongly associated with the metabolic syndrome, and the most common cause of death for people with the condition is cardiovascular disease. Whether NAFLD is an independent cardiovascular risk factor needs exploration. NAFLD has been associated with surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease such as carotid intima-media thickness, the presence of carotid plaque, brachial artery vasodilatory responsiveness and CT coronary artery calcification score. There is no effective medical treatment for NAFLD and evidence is lacking regarding the efficacy of interventions in mitigating cardiovascular risk. Health care professionals managing patients with NAFLD should tackle the issue with early identification of risk factors and aggressive modification. Current management strategies therefore comprise lifestyle change, with close attention to known cardiovascular risk factors. © 2018
Hesperetin, a citrus flavonoid, attenuates testicular damage in diabetic rats via inhibition of oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptosis; Aim: This study was designed to assess the beneficial effect of hesperetin on diabetes-associated testicular injury in the rat. Main methods: Oral treatment with hesperetin started 10 days after diabetes induction by streptozotocin (60 mg/kg, i.p.) for 46 days. Testicular damage was evaluated by histological evaluation of seminiferous tubules in addition to assessment of epididymal sperm count, motility, and viability. In addition, testicular biomarkers of apoptosis, inflammation, and oxidative stress were also determined. Key findings: Hesperetin treatment of diabetic group prevented body weight loss and reduced serum glucose in addition to improvement of serum testosterone. Additionally, hesperetin-treated diabetic group had lower levels of malondialdehyde (MDA), reactive oxygen species (ROS), protein carbonyl, DNA fragmentation, and caspase 3 activity as specific biomarkers of oxidative stress and/or apoptosis. Furthermore, hesperetin augmented testicular antioxidant system as shown by higher levels of glutathione (GSH), mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP), and ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) in addition to improvement of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, and glutathione peroxidase (GPx). Moreover, hesperetin administration to diabetic rats attenuated testicular indices of inflammation consisting of tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα) and interleukin 17 (IL-17) and prevented damage of seminiferous tubules as revealed by higher levels of sperm count, motility, and viability in diabetic rats. Significance: Collectively, hesperetin could alleviate testicular damage in DM, at least through inhibition of apoptosis, oxidative stress, and inflammation in addition to its up-regulation of endogenous enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants. © 2018
Serum and adipose tissue mRNA levels of ATF3 and FNDC5/irisin in colorectal cancer patients with or without obesity; Objectives: To explore the activating transcription factor 3 (ATF3) and fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 5 (FNDC5)/irisin protein levels in serum and mRNA levels in subcutaneous and visceral white adipose tissue (sWAT and vWAT) in normal-weight (NW) and overweight/obese (OW/OB) patients with colorectal cancer (CRC). Methods: 76 CRC patients and 40 healthy controls were recruited. Serum ATF3 and irisin levels were detected by using ELISA kits, and the mRNA expression levels in sWAT and vWAT were measured by performing RT-qPCR. Results: The serum ATF3 levels were greater by 37.2%, whereas the irisin levels were lower by 23.3% in NW+CRC patients compared with those in healthy controls. CRC was independently associated with both ATF3 and irisin levels. The probability of CRC greater by 22.3-fold in individuals with high ATF3 levels compared with those with low ATF3 levels, whereas the risk of CRC in subjects with high irisin levels was lower by 78.0% compared to the risk in those with low irisin levels after adjustment for age, gender, BMI, and other biochemical parameters. Serum ATF3 and irisin could differentiate CRC patients from controls with receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve areas of 0.745 (95% CI, 0.655-0.823) and 0.656 (95% CI, 0.561-0.743), respectively. The combination of ATF3 and irisin exhibited improved diagnosis value accuracy with ROC curve areas of 0.796 (95% CI, 0.710-0.866) as well as 72.6% sensitivity and 80.0% specificity. Conclusion: Increased ATF3 and reduced irisin levels were observed in sera from CRC patients. Individuals with high ATF3 and low irisin levels were more likely to have CRC. ATF3 and irisin represent potential diagnostic biomarkers for CRC patients. © 2018 Zhu, Liu, Zhang, Pan, Lin, Li, Wang, Yang, Yan and Gong.
The novel adipokine WISP1 associates with insulin resistance and impairs insulin action in human myotubes and mouse hepatocytes; Aims/hypothesis: Wingless-type (Wnt) inducible signalling pathway protein-1 (WISP1) has been recently identified as a proinflammatory adipokine. We examined whether WISP1 expression and circulating levels are altered in type 2 diabetes and whether WISP1 affects insulin signalling in muscle cells and hepatocytes. Methods: Serum and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) biopsies, for analysis of circulating WISP1 levels by ELISA and WISP1 mRNA expression by real-time quantitative RT-PCR, were collected from normal-weight men (control group, n = 33) and obese men with (n = 46) and without type 2 diabetes (n = 56) undergoing surgery. Following incubation of primary human skeletal muscle cells (hSkMCs) and murine AML12 hepatocytes with WISP1 and insulin, insulin signalling was analysed by western blotting. The effect of WISP1 on insulin-stimulated glycogen synthesis and gluconeogenesis was investigated in hSkMCs and murine hepatocytes, respectively. Results: Circulating WISP1 levels were higher in obese men (independent of diabetes status) than in normal-weight men (mean [95% CI]: 70.8 [55.2, 86.4] ng/l vs 42.6 [28.5, 56.6] ng/l, respectively; p < 0.05). VAT WISP1 expression was 1.9-fold higher in obese men vs normal-weight men (p < 0.05). Circulating WISP1 levels were positively associated with blood glucose in the OGTT and circulating haem oxygenase-1 and negatively associated with adiponectin levels. In hSkMCs and AML12 hepatocytes, recombinant WISP1 impaired insulin action by inhibiting phosphorylation of insulin receptor, Akt and its substrates glycogen synthase kinase 3β, FOXO1 and p70S6 kinase, and inhibiting insulin-stimulated glycogen synthesis and suppression of gluconeogenic genes. Conclusions/interpretation: Circulating WISP1 levels and WISP1 expression in VAT are increased in obesity independent of glycaemic status. Furthermore, WISP1 impaired insulin signalling in muscle and liver cells. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Maternal and fetal hepatic injury in gestational diabetic rats: Protective role of cinnamaldehyde and ellagic acid; Objective: This study aims to determine the protective effect of cinnamaldehyde (Ci) and ellagic acid (EA) on maternal and fetal hepatic injury caused by fatty-sucrosed-diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ)-rat model of gestational diabetes (GD). Methods: Female Wistar rats were allocated into four groups. Group I fed with a normal diet, while Groups II, III, and IV feds with FSD for 8 weeks (five pre-gestational and three gestational). One week before mating onward, Group III and IV administered daily oral dose of 20 mg/kg Ci or 50 mg/kg EA, respectively. At the 7th day of gestation, FSD-fed groups injected intraperitoneally with STZ (25 mg/kg b.wt.) to induce GD mellitus. At the end of gestation, maternal and fetal blood, pancreas and liver samples were taken for the subsequent analysis. Results: Ci and EA potentially protect from the elevated glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterols, liver transaminases, and the depleted serum insulin, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, total proteins and albumin of GD-rats. As well, tested agents alleviated the altered fetal glucose and insulin levels. Alongside, Ci and EA reduced the maternal and fetal liver lipid peroxidation and increased their total thiols and total peroxidases. Furthermore, Ci and EA kept the normal intact of maternal and fetal pancreatic islets and preserve their livers away from the pathological changes observed in GD group that included fatty depositions, inflammation, hepatocytic necrosis and fibrosis, congested veins, diminutive storable glycogen and proteins, and the numerous proliferating cell nuclear antigen nuclei. Conclusion: Ci and EA have potent hepatoprotective effects through their insulin-sensitizing action and activating the antioxidant defenses. © 2018 The Authors.
Postprandial Triglycerides Predict Newborn Fat More Strongly than Glucose in Women with Obesity in Early Pregnancy; Objective: Maternal obesity (OB) accounts for the majority of large-for-gestational-age infants, and newborn percent fat (NB%fat) correlates strongest with childhood OB. In addition to maternal glucose, fasting triglycerides (TGs) may contribute, but postprandial triglycerides (PPTGs) are unstudied. It was hypothesized that fasting TGs and PPTGs are higher in women with OB compared with women with normal weight (NW) throughout pregnancy, correlate more strongly with NB%fat than glucose, and may relate to dietary chylomicron TGs. Methods: Fasting TGs and PPTGs, free fatty acids, glucose, and insulin were prospectively measured 10 times over 4 hours after a controlled liquid breakfast early (14-16 weeks) and later (26-28 weeks) in pregnancy in 27 mothers with NW and 27 with OB. NB%fat was measured by dual x-ray absorptometry. Results: Fasting TGs and PPTGs were already ≥ 30% higher in mothers with OB at 14 to 16 weeks (P < 0.001) versus mothers with NW. In mothers with OB, a simple 1-hour (r = 0.71; P < 0.01) or 2-hour (r = 0.69; P < 0.01) PPTG at 14 to 16 weeks correlated strongest with NB%fat. In mothers with NW, the increase in TGs from early to later pregnancy correlated strongest with NB%fat (r = 0.57; P < 0.01). Maternal glucose did not statistically add to prediction models. Conclusions: These novel data suggest that 1- or 2-hour PPTGs might be a new target for early intervention in pregnancies with OB to prevent excess newborn adiposity and attenuate child OB risk. © 2018 The Obesity Society
Critical evaluation of gene expression changes in human tissues in response to supplementation with dietary bioactive compounds: Moving towards better-quality studies; Pre-clinical cell and animal nutrigenomic studies have long suggested the modulation of the transcription of multiple gene targets in cells and tissues as a potential molecular mechanism of action underlying the beneficial effects attributed to plant-derived bioactive compounds. To try to demonstrate these molecular effects in humans, a considerable number of clinical trials have now explored the changes in the expression levels of selected genes in various human cell and tissue samples following intervention with different dietary sources of bioactive compounds. In this review, we have compiled a total of 75 human studies exploring gene expression changes using quantitative reverse transcription PCR (RT-qPCR). We have critically appraised the study design and methodology used as well as the gene expression results reported. We herein pinpoint some of the main drawbacks and gaps in the experimental strategies applied, as well as the high interindividual variability of the results and the limited evidence supporting some of the investigated genes as potential responsive targets. We reinforce the need to apply normalized procedures and follow well-established methodological guidelines in future studies in order to achieve improved and reliable results that would allow for more relevant and biologically meaningful results. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Distinguishing reference intervals and clinical decision limits–A review by the IFCC Committee on Reference Intervals and Decision Limits; Reference Intervals (RIs) and clinical decision limits (CDLs) are a vital part of the information supplied by laboratories to support the interpretation of numerical clinical pathology results. RIs describe the typical distribution of results seen in a healthy reference population while CDLs are associated with a significantly higher risk of adverse clinical outcomes or are diagnostic for the presence of a specific disease. However, as the two concepts are sometimes confused, there is a need to clarify the differences between these terms and to ensure they are easily distinguished, especially because CDLs have a clinical association with specific diseases and risks, thereby implying that effective clinical interventions are available. It is important to note that, because population-based RIs are derived from the range of values expected in a typical community population, laboratory results that fall outside a RI do not necessarily indicate a disease but rather that additional medical follow-up and/or treatment may be warranted. In contrast, CDLs are associated with a risk of specific adverse outcomes, and are commonly used to interpret laboratory test results, including lipid parameters, glucose, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and tumor markers, to determine risk of disease, to diagnose or to treat. In recent years, the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine (IFCC) Committee on Reference Intervals and Decision Limits (C-RIDL) has focused primarily on RIs and has performed multicenter studies to obtain common RIs. However, the broader responsibility of the Committee, from its name, includes “decision limits”. C-RIDL now aims to emphasize the importance of the correct use of both RIs and CDLs and to encourage laboratories to specify the appropriate information to clinicians as needed. This review discusses RIs and CDLs in detail, describes the similarities and the differences between these two important tools in laboratory medicine, and clearly explains the processes used to define them. C-RIDL encourages the involvement of laboratory professionals in the establishment of both RIs and CDLs. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Cell-specific "competition for calories" drives asymmetric nutrient-energy partitioning, obesity, and metabolic diseases in human and non-human animals; The mammalian body is a complex physiologic "ecosystem" in which cells compete for calories (i.e., nutrient-energy). Axiomatically, cell-types with competitive advantages acquire a greater number of consumed calories, and when possible, increase in size and/or number. Thus, it is logical and parsimonious to posit that obesity is the competitive advantages of fat-cells (adipocytes) driving a disproportionate acquisition and storage of nutrient-energy. Accordingly, we introduce two conceptual frameworks. Asymmetric Nutrient-Energy Partitioning describes the context-dependent, cell-specific competition for calories that determines the partitioning of nutrient-energy to oxidation, anabolism, and/or storage; and Effective Caloric Intake which describes the number of calories available to constrain energy-intake via the inhibition of the sensorimotor appetitive cells in the liver and brain that govern ingestive behaviors. Inherent in these frameworks is the independence and dissociation of the energetic demands of metabolism and the neuro-muscular pathways that initiate ingestive behaviors and energy intake. As we demonstrate, if the sensorimotor cells suffer relative caloric deprivation via asymmetric competition from other cell-types (e.g., skeletal muscle- or fat-cells), energy-intake is increased to compensate for both real and merely apparent deficits in energy-homeostasis (i.e., true and false signals, respectively). Thus, we posit that the chronic positive energy balance (i.e., over-nutrition) that leads to obesity and metabolic diseases is engendered by apparent deficits (i.e., false signals) driven by the asymmetric inter-cellular competition for calories and concomitant differential partitioning of nutrient-energy to storage. These frameworks, in concert with our previous theoretic work, the Maternal Resources Hypothesis, provide a parsimonious and rigorous explanation for the rapid rise in the global prevalence of increased body and fat mass, and associated metabolic dysfunctions in humans and other mammals inclusive of companion, domesticated, laboratory, and feral animals. © 2018 Archer, Pavela, McDonald, Lavie and Hill.
Analysis of the plasma proteome using iTRAQ and TMT-based isobaric labelling; Over the past decade, chemical labeling with isobaric tandem mass tags, such as isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantification reagents (iTRAQ) and tandem mass tag (TMT) reagents, has been employed in a wide range of different clinically orientated serum and plasma proteomics studies. In this review the scope of these works is presented with attention to the areas of research, methods employed and performance limitations. These applications have covered a wide range of diseases, disorders and infections, and have implemented a variety of different preparative and mass spectrometric approaches. In contrast to earlier works, which struggled to quantify more than a few hundred proteins, increasingly these studies have provided deeper insight into the plasma proteome extending the numbers of quantified proteins to over a thousand. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Adipose tissue uncoupling protein 1 levels and function are increased in a mouse model of developmental obesity induced by maternal exposure to high-fat diet; With brown adipose tissue (BAT) becoming a possible therapeutic target to counteract obesity, the prenatal environment could represent a critical window to modify BAT function and browning of white AT. We investigated if levels of uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) and UCP1-mediated thermogenesis are altered in offspring exposed to prenatal obesity. Female CD-1 mice were fed a high-fat (HF) or standard-fat (SF) diet for 3 months before breeding. After weaning, all pups were placed on SF. UCP1 mRNA and protein levels were quantified using quantitative real-time PCR and Western blot analysis, respectively, in brown (BAT), subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral (VAT) adipose tissues at 6 months of age. Total and UCP1-dependent mitochondrial respiration were determined by high-resolution respirometry. A Student's t-test and Mann-Whitney test were used (significance: P<0.05). UCP1 mRNA levels were not different between the HF and SF offspring. UCP1 protein levels, total mitochondrial respiration and UCP1-dependent respiration were significantly higher in BAT from HF males (P=0.02, P=0.04, P=0.005, respectively) and females (P=0.01, P=0.04, P=0.02, respectively). In SAT, the UCP1 protein was significantly lower in HF females (P=0.03), and the UCP1-dependent thermogenesis was significantly lower from HF males (P=0.04). In VAT, UCP1 protein levels and UCP1-dependent respiration were significantly lower only in HF females (P=0.03, P=0.04, respectively). There were no differences in total respiration in SAT and VAT. Prenatal exposure to maternal obesity leads to significant increases in UCP1 levels and function in BAT in offspring with little impact on UCP1 levels and function in SAT and VAT. © 2017 Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
Probiotics and metabolic outcomes of gestational diabetes: A review article; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic complication of pregnancy. Compared with individuals without diabetes, women with GDM, in absence of intervention, are at higher risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The recent and unexpected increase in the prevalence of GDM and the average results of dietary interventions could partly be due to inattention or failure in modifying the new composition and inappropriate intestinal micro flora which occurs often in the second half of pregnancy particularly when accompanied by obesity. In the spectrum of lifestyle-related factors, probiotics are proposed as part of a balanced diet, affordable, practical and potentially effective approach to this health problem. The purpose of this narrative review paper was to review previous studies according to the importance of probiotics and their role in prevention and treatment of GDM. Electronic search was done in databases, including Scopus, Science direct, PubMed, Cochrane central, Google Scholar, ISC, Magiran, IranMedex, SID, and MedLib. Evidence suggest that manipulation of microbiota in gut during pregnancy by selected probiotics in women at risk of or affected by GDM, can probably be of great benefit in improving the metabolic profile of mother and pregnancy results. © 2018, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Glucagon-like peptide 1 in health and disease; In healthy individuals, the incretin hormone glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP1) potentiates insulin release and suppresses glucagon secretion in response to the ingestion of nutrients. GLP1 also delays gastric emptying and increases satiety. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), supraphysiological doses of GLP1 normalize the endogenous insulin response during a hyperglycaemic clamp. Owing to the short plasma half-life of native GLP1, several GLP1 receptor agonists (GLP1RAs) with longer half-lives have been developed for the treatment of T2DM. These compounds vary in chemical structure, pharmacokinetics and size, which results in different clinical effects on hyperglycaemia and body weight loss; these variations might also explain the difference in cardiovascular effect observed in large-scale cardiovascular outcome trials, in which certain GLP1RAs were shown to have a positive effect on cardiovascular outcomes. Owing to their metabolic effects, GLP1RAs are also considered for the treatment of several other lifestyle-induced conditions, such as obesity, prediabetes and liver disease. This Review provides insights into the physiology of GLP1 and its involvement in the pathophysiology of T2DM and an overview of the currently available and emerging GLP1RAs. Furthermore, we review the results from the currently available large-scale cardiovascular outcome trials and the use of GLP1RAs for other indications. © 2018 Macmillan Publishers Ltd., part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Metabolic Effects of Low-Calorie Sweeteners: A Brief Review; Low-calorie sweeteners (LCS) are found in a variety of foods and beverages, yet their role in diet, weight, and obesity-related chronic disease is controversial. This article summarizes proceedings from one of four presentations during a preconference session entitled “Low-Calorie Sweeteners and Weight Management,” which took place at the 2017 Obesity Society Annual Meeting in Washington, District of Columbia. The objective of this brief review is to summarize findings of observational and interventional studies of LCS effects on weight and metabolic health and to provide potential explanations for their discrepant results. Key research priorities for advancing the understanding of the role of LCS in weight and chronic disease are also discussed. The existing literature suggests that LCS consumption is consistently associated with obesity, diabetes, and related cardiometabolic conditions in observational studies. Although several plausible mechanisms have been proposed to explain these associations and have received considerable support in cellular and rodent models, the relevance of these mechanisms to humans has yet to be confirmed. Meanwhile, randomized controlled trials demonstrate that NNS may benefit weight loss and weight maintenance. This is the case particularly when LCS are administered in the context of behavioral weight loss support and are consumed knowingly by habitual LCS consumers. Although these findings suggest that LCS may be useful for weight control among those cognitively engaged in weight loss and who are aware of their LCS consumption, LCS administration in these studies does not reflect typical consumption. Furthermore, few interventional studies have assessed the role of LCS on metabolic outcomes other than body weight. Additional factors must be considered before recommending LCS for weight management and chronic disease prevention and further study of LCS effects on a variety of cardiometabolic outcomes, including visceral adiposity and glucose homeostasis is warranted. © 2018 The Obesity Society
Neurobehavioral effects of long-term maternal fructose intake in rat offspring; Background: Previous studies have indicated an association between maternal metabolic conditions and general developmental disturbances of the offspring. Objective: We aimed to investigate the influence of long-term maternal fructose intake during gestation and lactation on neurobehavioral development of rat offspring. Methods: Twelve female Sprague Dawley rats were received either 30% fructose enriched water (n = 6) or regular tap water (control, n = 6) for 12 weeks. Then, control and fructose-received females were caged with a fertile male, and received 30% fructose and regular chow throughout pregnancy, delivery and until offspring's weaning. On P21, forty littermates (10 male control, 10 female control, 10 male fructose and 10 female fructose) were separated and housed with ad libitum access to standard food and tap water. Following behavioral evaluations at P50, brain levels of TNF-α neuregulin 1 (NRG1), glutamic acid decarboxylase 67 (GAD67), nerve growth factor (NGF), insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), and 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) were measured. Histologically, hippocampal neuronal density and GFAP expression were assessed. Results: Analysis of the behavioral tests (three-chamber social test, open field test, passive avoidance learning test and stereotypy test) revealed significant differences among the groups. Histologically, hippocampal CA1 and CA3 regions displayed significant alterations such as gliosis and neuronal cell death in fructose-exposed groups compare to controls. Biochemical measurements of the brain levels of TNF-α and neurodevelopmental markers showed significant differences between controls and fructose-exposed groups. Conclusion: These results suggest a possible link between the chronic maternal metabolic stress, such as long-term fructose intake, and neurodevelopmental disturbances in the offspring. © 2018 ISDN
Fibroblast growth factor-21 is a potential diagnostic factor for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disease with symptoms of hyperglycemia, insulin resistance and fetal maldevelopment. Evidence has indicated that fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-21 is a multifunctional protein and exhibits potential therapeutic value for metabolic diseases. The present study investigated the diagnostic value of FGF-21 serum levels in patients with GDM (n=50) and age-matched healthy individuals (n=50). It was demonstrated that the gene and protein expression levels of FGF-21 were downregulated in adipose cells in patients with GDM compared with those in healthy individuals. The results also indicated that the serum levels of FGF-21 were downregulated in patients with GDM compared with those in healthy individuals. In addition, it was demonstrated that blood glucose and blood pressure were higher in patients with GDM compared with those in healthy individuals. GDM patients had a markedly higher insulin resistance and glucose tolerance than healthy individuals. However, GDM patients had significantly lower serum levels of insulin than healthy individuals. It was observed that the serum levels of FGF-21 were positively correlated with those of glucose in GDM patients. In conclusion, these results indicate that decreased FGF-21 levels are associated with the risk of GDM, suggesting that FGF-21 may be a potential diagnostic factor for GDM. © 2018, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Plasma trimethylamine-N-oxide and related metabolites are associated with type 2 diabetes risk in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) trial; Background The role of trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) in type 2 diabetes (T2D) is currently partially understood and controversial. Objective The aim of this study was to investigate associations between TMAO and related metabolites with T2D risk in subjects at high risk of cardiovascular disease. Design This is a case-cohort design study within the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study, with 251 incident T2D cases and a random sample of 694 participants (641 noncases and 53 overlapping cases) without T2D at baseline (median follow-up: 3.8 y). We used liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to measure plasma TMAO, l-carnitine, betaine, lyso-phosphatidylcholine (LPC) and lyso-phosphatidylethanolamine (LPE) species, phosphocholine, α-glycerophosphocholine, and choline at baseline and after 1 y. We examined associations with the use of weighted Cox proportional hazard models, accounting for the weighted case-cohort design by the Barlow method. Results After adjustment for recognized T2D risk factors and multiple testing, individuals in the highest quartile of baseline TMAO and α-glycerophosphocholine had a lower risk of T2D [HR (95% CI): 0.52 (0.29, 0.89) and 0.46 (0.24, 0.89), respectively]. The HR (95% CI) comparing the extreme quartiles of betaine was 0.41 (0.23, 0.74). Similar trends were observed for C16:0 LPC, C18:1 LPC, C18:0 LPC, C20:4 LPC, C22:6 LPC, C18:1 LPC plasmalogen, and C16:0 LPE. After correcting for multiple comparisons, participants in the highest quartile of 1-y changes in oleic acid LPC plasmalogen concentrations had a lower T2D risk than the reference quartile. Conclusion Whether the associations between plasma TMAO and certain metabolite concentrations with T2D risk reflect its pathophysiology or represent an epiphenomenon needs to be elucidated. This trial is registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639. © 2018 American Society for Nutrition.
Gender-Specific Association of Leptin and Adiponectin Genes With Multiple Sclerosis; Background: Adipocytokines such as leptin (LEP) and adiponectin (ADIPOQ) represent a link between metabolism, nutritional status and immune responses. The present study aimed to determine the possible association between single nucleotide polymorphisms of LEP and ADIPOQ genes with multiple sclerosis (MS). Materials and methods: Single nucleotide polymorphisms in LEP (rs2167270 or 19G > A and rs7799039 or −2,548G > A) and ADIPOQ (rs1501299 or +276G > T and rs266729 or −11,377C > G) were genotyped in 305 patients and 255 healthy individuals using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism. Sera levels of leptin and adiponectin were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: The frequencies of low leptin producer rs2167270GG genotype and rs2167270G allele were significantly lower in patients with MS compared to those of controls (for GG genotype: 39.7% and 49.8%, respectively; P = 0.01; for G allele: 63.3% and 68.8%, respectively; P = 0.05). Both polymorphisms in ADIPOQ did not show any significant association with disease susceptibility, though after gender categorization the frequency of high adiponectin producer rs1501299TT genotype and rs1501299T allele were significantly higher in male controls compared to male patients (TT genotype: P = 0.006; T allele: P = 0.006). Additionally, rs1501299TT genotype in ADIPOQ was associated with susceptibility to primary progressive multiple sclerosis (PP-MS) (P = 0.02). Moreover, while the sera levels of leptin were only different between male patients and controls (P = 0.05), adiponectin levels were significantly higher in total and female healthy controls (P < 0.001, P = 0.002, respectively). Conclusions: Our findings provide evidence to support the hypothesis that functional ADIPOQ and LEP gene polymorphisms are associated with susceptibility to MS and its clinical forms. © 2018
Risk factors for prehypertension and their interactive effect: A cross- sectional survey in China; Background: Individuals with prehypertension are at higher risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular diseases, while the interaction between factors may aggravate prehypertension risk. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the risk factors for prehypertension in Chinese middle-aged and elderly adults, and explore the potentially interactive effect of evaluated factors. Methods: All the participants that came from a community based cross-sectional survey were investigated in Bengbu, China, by being interviewed with a questionnaire. Body mass index (BMI), Waist circumference (WC) and lipid accumulation product (LAP) that reflect participants' obesity were also calculated. In addition, logistic regression model was applied to explore the risk factors of prehypertension, followed by the assessment of the interactive effects between risk factors on prehypertension by the relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI), attributable proportion due to interaction (AP) and synergy index (SI). Results: A total of 1777 participants were enrolled in this study, among which the prevalence of normtension, prehypertension and hypertension were 41.70%, 33.93% and 24.37% respectively. According to the multivariate logistic regression analysis, age (OR: 1.01, 95%CI: 1.00-1.02), smoking (OR: 1.67, 95%CI: 1.22-2.29), family history of cardiovascular diseases (OR: 1.52, 95%CI: 1.14-2.02), general obesity (OR: 1.51, 95%CI: 1.15-1.97) and LAP (OR: 2.58, 95%CI: 1.76-3.80) were all defined as the major factors that significantly related with the risk of prehypertension. When identifying prehypertension risk, the receiver-operating characteristics (ROC) curves (AUC) analysis indicated that LAP performed better than BMI in males (Z = 2.05, P = 0.03) and females (Z = 2.12, P = 0.03), but was superior to WC only in females (Z = 2.43, P = 0.01). What is more, there were significant interactive effects of LAP with family history of cardiovascular diseases (RERI: 1.88, 95%CI: 0.25-3.51; AP: 0.44, 95%CI: 0.20-0.69; SI: 2.37, 95%CI: 1.22-4.60) and smoking (RERI: 1.99, 95%CI: 0.04-3.93; AP: 0.42, 95%CI: 0.17-0.67; SI: 2.16, 95%CI: 1.68-4.00) on prehypertension risk. The value of AP (0.40, 95%CI: 0.03-0.77) also indicated a significant interaction between family history of cardiovascular diseases and smoking on prehypertension. Conclusion: Prehypertension is currently prevalent in Chinese adults. This study indicated that age, family history of cardiovascular diseases, smoking, general obesity and LAP were significantly related with prehypertension risk. Furthermore, interactive effects on risk of prehypertension had been demonstrated in this study as well, which would help researchers to build strategy against prehypertension more comprehensively and scientifically. © 2018 The Author(s).
Spice-derived bioactive ingredients: Potential agents or food adjuvant in the management of diabetes mellitus; Spices possess tremendous therapeutic potential including hypoglycemic action, attributed to their bioactive ingredients. However, there is no study that critically reviewed the hypoglycemic potency, safety and the bioavailability of the spice-derived bioactive ingredients (SDBI). Therefore, the aim of the study was to comprehensively review all published studies regarding the hypoglycemic action of SDBI with the purpose to assess whether the ingredients are potential hypoglycemic agents or adjuvant. Factors considered were concentration/dosages used, the extent of blood glucose reduction, the IC50 values, and the safety concern of the SDBI. From the results, cinnamaldehyde, curcumin, diosgenin, thymoquinone (TQ), and trigonelline were showed the most promising effects and hold future potential as hypoglycemic agents. Conclusively, future studies should focus on improving the tissue and cellular bioavailability of the promising SDBI to achieve greater potency. Additionally, clinical trials and toxicity studies are with these SDBI are warranted. © 2018 Mohammed and Islam.
Neonatal nutritional programming impairs adiponectin effects on energy homeostasis in adult life of male rats; Neonatal nutritional changes induce long-lasting effects on energy homeostasis. Adiponectin influences food intake and body weight. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of neonatal nutritional programming on the central stimulation of adiponectin. Male Wistar rats were divided on postnatal (PN) day 3 in litters of 3 (small litter, SL), 10 (normal litter, NL), or 16 pups/dam (large litter, LL). We assessed body weight gain for 60 days, adiponectin concentration, and white adipose tissue weight. We examined the response of SL, NL, and LL rats on body weight gain, food intake, oxygen consumption (VO2), respiratory exchange ratio (RER), calorimetry, locomotor activity, phosphorylated-AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) expression in the hypothalamus, and uncoupling protein (UCP)-1 in the brown adipose tissue after central stimulus with adiponectin. After weaning, SL rats maintained higher body weight gain despite similar food intake compared with NL rats. LL rats showed lower body weight at weaning, with a catch up afterward and higher food intake. Both LL and SL groups had decreased plasma concentrations of adiponectin at PN60. SL rats had increased white adipose tissue. Central injection of adiponectin decreased body weight and food intake and increased VO2, RER, calorimetry, p-AMPK and UCP-1 expression in NL rats, but it had no effect on SL and LL rats, compared with the respective vehicle groups. In conclusion, neonatal under- and overfeeding induced an increase in body weight gain in juvenile and early adult life. Unresponsiveness to central effects of adiponectin contributes to the imbalance of the energy homeostasis in adult life induced by neonatal nutritional programming. © 2018 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Altered maternal and placental lipid metabolism and fetal fat development in obesity: Current knowledge and advances in non-invasive assessment; Abnormal maternal lipid profiles, a hallmark of increased maternal adiposity, are associated with pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, and offspring long-term metabolic health is impacted as the consequence of altered fetal growth, physiology and often iatrogenic prematurity. The metabolic changes associated with maternal obesity and/or the consumption of a high-fat diet effecting maternal lipid profiles and metabolism have also been documented to specifically affect placental function and may underlie changes in fetal development and life course disease risk. The placenta plays a critical role in mediating nutritional signals between the fetus and the mother. As obesity rates in women of reproductive age continue to increase, it is becoming evident that inclusion of new technologies that allow for a better understanding of early changes in placental lipid transport and metabolism, non-invasively in maternal circulation, maternal tissues, placenta, fetal circulation and fetal tissues are needed to aid timely clinical diagnosis and treatment for obesity-associated diseases. This review describes pregnancy lipid homeostasis, with specific reference to changes arising from altered maternal body composition on placental and fetal lipid transport and metabolism. Current technologies for lipid assessments, such as metabolomics and lipidomics may be impacted by labour or mode of delivery and are only reflective of a single time point. This review further addresses how established and novel technologies for assessing lipids and their metabolism non-invasively and during the course of pregnancy may guide future research into the effect of maternal metabolic health on pregnancy outcome, placenta and fetus. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Preconception micronutrient supplementation reduced circulating branched chain amino acids at 12 weeks gestation in an open trial of guatemalan women who are overweight or obese; Elevated branched chain amino acids (BCAAs: valine, leucine, and isoleucine) are well-established biomarkers of obesity-associated insulin resistance (IR). Mounting evidence suggests that low-and middle-income countries are suffering from a “double burden” of both undernutrition (growth stunting) and overnutrition (obesity) as these countries undergo a “nutrition transition”. The purpose of this study was to examine if pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) and a daily lipid-based micronutrient supplement (LNS, Nutriset) would lead to cross-sectional differences in circulating levels of branched chain amino acids (BCAAs) in Guatemalan women experiencing short stature during early pregnancy. Using data from an ongoing randomized controlled trial, Women First, we studied women who were normal weight (NW, BMI range for this cohort = 20.1-24.1 kg/m2) or overweight/obese (OW/OB, BMI range for this cohort = 25.6-31.9 kg/m2), and divided into two groups: those who received daily LNS ≥ 3 months prior to conception through 12 weeks gestation (+LNS), or no LNS (−LNS) (n = 9-10/group). BCAAs levels were obtained from dried blood spot card samples (DBS) assessed at 12 weeks gestation. DBS cards provide a stable, efficient, and reliable means of collecting, transporting, and storing blood samples in low resource or field settings. Circulating maternal leptin, adiponectin, and insulin were determined by immunoassays from serum samples collected at 12 weeks gestation. We found maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (ppBMI) was associated with higher circulating BCAAs (r2= 0.433, p = 0.002) and higher leptin/adiponectin ratio (r = 0.466, p = 0.044) in −LNS mothers at 12 weeks gestation. +LNS mothers demonstrated no correlations between BCAAs or leptin/adiponectin ratio across ppBMI suggesting LNS may be effective at improving metabolic status in OW/OB mothers during early pregnancy. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effects of vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation on mental health parameters and metabolic status in type 2 diabetic patients with coronary heart disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: This study was carried out to evaluate the effects of vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation on mental health parameters and metabolic status in diabetic people with coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was carried out among 60 diabetic people with CHD, aged 45–85 years old. Subjects were randomly allocated into two groups to receive either 50,000 IU vitamin D every 2 weeks plus 8 × 109 CFU/g probiotic of Lactocare Zisttakhmir Co (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were obtained at baseline and after the 12-week intervention to determine metabolic profiles. Results: After the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation resulted in significant improvements in beck depression inventory total score (−2.8 ± 3.8 vs. −0.9 ± 2.1, P = 0.01), beck anxiety inventory scores (−2.1 ± 2.3 vs. −0.8 ± 1.4, P = 0.009) and general health questionnaire scores (−3.9 ± 4.1 vs. −1.1 ± 3.4, P = 0.005). Compared with the placebo, vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation resulted in significant reductions in serum insulin levels (−2.8 ± 3.8 vs. +0.2 ± 4.9 μIU/mL, P = 0.009), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (−1.0 ± 1.6 vs. −0.1 ± 1.5, P = 0.02), and a significant increase in serum 25-OH-vitamin D (+11.8 ± 5.9 vs. +0.1 ± 1.4 ng/mL, P < 0.001), the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.03 ± 0.04 vs. −0.001 ± 0.01, P = 0.003) and serum HDL-cholesterol levels (+2.3 ± 3.5 vs. −0.5 ± 3.8 mg/dL, P = 0.004). In addition, changes in serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (−950.0 ± 1811.2 vs. +260.5 ± 2298.2 ng/mL, P = 0.02), plasma nitric oxide (NO) (+1.7 ± 4.0 vs. −1.4 ± 6.7 μmol/L, P = 0.03) and plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (+12.6 ± 41.6 vs. −116.9 ± 324.2 mmol/L, P = 0.03) in the supplemented group were significantly different from the changes in these indicators in the placebo group. Conclusions: Overall, vitamin D and probiotic co-supplementation after 12 weeks among diabetic people with CHD had beneficial effects on mental health parameters, serum hs-CRP, plasma NO, TAC, glycemic control and HDL-cholesterol levels. Clinical trial registration number: http://www.irct.ir: IRCT2017073033941N4. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Role of igf-binding proteins in regulating igf responses to changes in metabolism; The IGF-binding protein family contains six members that share significant structural homology. Their principal function is to regulate the actions of IGF1 and IGF2. These proteins are present in plasma and extracellular fluids and regulate access of both IGF1 and II to the type I IGF receptor. Additionally, they have functions that are independent of their ability to bind IGFs. Each protein is regulated independently of IGF1 and IGF2, and this provides an important mechanism by which other hormones and physiologic variables can regulate IGF actions indirectly. Several members of the family are sensitive to changes in intermediary metabolism. Specifically the presence of obesity/insulin resistance can significantly alter the expression of these proteins. Similarly changes in nutrition or catabolism can alter their synthesis and degradation. Multiple hormones such as glucocorticoids, androgens, estrogen and insulin regulate IGFBP synthesis and bioavailability. In addition to their ability to regulate IGF access to receptors these proteins can bind to distinct cell surface proteins or proteins in extracellular matrix and several cellular functions are influenced by these interactions. IGFBPs can be transported intracellularly and interact with nuclear proteins to alter cellular physiology. In pathophysiologic states, there is significant dysregulation between the changes in IGFBP synthesis and bioavailability and changes in IGF1 and IGF2. These discordant changes can lead to marked alterations in IGF action. Although binding protein physiology and pathophysiology are complex, experimental results have provided an important avenue for understanding how IGF actions are regulated in a variety of physiologic and pathophysiologic conditions. © 2018 Society for Endocrinology Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Gender and Sex Differences in Adipose Tissue; Purpose of Review: As the ongoing epidemic of adult and childhood obesity grows, it puts a greater burden on individuals and the healthcare system due to increased prevalence of obesity-associated diseases. An important area that has gained much attention recently is the sex and gender difference related to obesity and associated complications. Basic science and clinical studies have now improved our understanding of obesity and have discovered adipose tissue biology to be key in metabolism. Recent Findings: There is evidence related to the sex dichotomy in obesity in a variety of areas including adipocyte function, sex hormone effects, genetics, and metabolic inflammation leading to critical differences in adipose tissue biology. Summary: The sex and gender difference in adipose tissue is a factor that should be considered when studying an individuals’ risk for obesity and metabolic dysfunction. This understanding is important for strategizing treatment and prevention measures. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The effects of a novel combination of selenium and probiotic on weight loss, glycemic control and markers of cardio-metabolic risk in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Synergistic approach of selenium and probiotic co-supplementation may improve clinical symptoms of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) by improving their metabolic profiles. This investigation was carried out to evaluate the effects of selenium and probiotic co-supplementation on weight loss, glycemic control and markers of cardio-metabolic risk in women with PCOS. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 60 women with PCOS. Participants were randomly divided into two groups to receive 200 µg/day selenium plus 8 × 109 CFU/day probiotic supplements (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) for 12 weeks. Compared with the placebo, selenium and probiotic co-supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in weight (−0.7 ± 0.5 vs. +0.1 ± 1.1 kg), serum insulin levels (−2.8 ± 3.5 vs. +0.5 ± 3.9 µIU/mL) and homeostatic model of assessment for insulin resistance (−0.6 ± 0.8 vs. +0.1 ± 0.9), and a significant increase in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01 ± 0.02 vs. +0.001 ± 0.02). In addition, selenium and probiotic co-supplementation significantly decreased serum triglycerides (−12.1 ± 29.6 vs. +3.1 ± 12.2 mg/dL), total- (−17.9 ± 28.5 vs. +0.1 ± 28.8 mg/dL), LDL- (−14.7 ± 24.9 vs. +1.5 ± 26.6 mg/dL) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (−0.3 ± 0.8 vs. +0.2 ± 0.8) compared with the placebo. Selenium and probiotic co-supplementation for 12 weeks to PCOS women had beneficial effects on weight loss and markers of cardio-metabolic risk. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Prenatal caffeine ingestion induces long-term alterations in scavenger receptor class B type I expression and glucocorticoid synthesis in adult male offspring rat adrenals; Caffeine is contained within many drinks and food that are consumed daily. Prenatal caffeine ingestion (PCI) is a risk factor for intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). We previously observed that PCI inhibits scavenger receptor class B type I (SR-BI)-mediated cholesterol uptake in fetal adrenals, subsequently decreasing glucocorticoid synthesis and inducing IUGR. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the long-term effects of PCI on adrenal glucocorticoid synthesis in adult male offspring rats. After establishing the PCI-induced IUGR, adult male offspring was injected intraperitoneally with 5 mg/kg·d lipopolysaccharide (LPS) for 2 days to induce acute stress. We observed persistent inhibition of SR-BI expression in PCI adrenals before and after stress. Compared with the controls, the PCI offspring had higher corticosterone concentrations after stress. The serum cholesterol concentration was stable without intergroup differences before and after stress. The cholesterol concentration in PCI adrenals showed a higher decrease rate than that of the control after stress. In summary, PCI induced long-term alterations in SR-BI expression and glucocorticoid synthesis in adult male offspring rat adrenals. Cholesterol has to be over-consumed in PCI adrenals against acute stress. This study provides an experimental basis to explain the susceptibility of IUGR offspring to metabolic diseases in adults. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Chemerin: A multifaceted adipokine involved in metabolic disorders; Metabolic syndrome is a global public health problem and predisposes individuals to obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Although the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated, accumulating evidence has uncovered a critical role of adipokines. Chemerin, encoded by the gene Rarres2, is a newly discovered adipokine involved in inflammation, adipogenesis, angiogenesis and energy metabolism. In humans, local and circulating levels of chemerin are positively correlated with BMI and obesity-related biomarkers. In this review, we discuss both peripheral and central roles of chemerin in regulating body metabolism. In general, chemerin is upregulated in obese and diabetic animals. Previous studies by gain or loss of function show an association of chemerin with adipogenesis, glucose homeostasis, food intake and body weight. In the brain, the hypothalamus integrates peripheral afferent signals including adipokines to regulate appetite and energy homeostasis. Chemerin increases food intake in seasonal animals by acting on hypothalamic stem cells, the tanycytes. In peripheral tissues, chemerin increases cell expansion, inflammation and angiogenesis in adipose tissue, collectively resulting in adiposity. While chemerin signalling enhances insulin secretion from pancreatic islets, contradictory results have been reported on how chemerin links to obesity and insulin resistance. Given the association of chemerin with obesity comorbidities in humans, advances in translational research targeting chemerin are expected to mitigate metabolic disorders. Together, the exciting findings gathered in the last decade clearly indicate a crucial multifaceted role for chemerin in the regulation of energy balance, making it a promising candidate for urgently needed pharmacological treatment strategies for obesity. © 2018 The authors Published by Bioscientifica Ltd.
Optimal Obstetric Management for Women with Diabetes: the Benefits and Costs of Fetal Surveillance; Purpose of Review: To elaborate on the risks and benefits associated with antenatal fetal surveillance for stillbirth prevention in women with diabetes. Recent Findings: Women with pregestational diabetes have a 3- to 5-fold increased odds of stillbirth compared to women without diabetes. The stillbirth risk in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) is more controversial; while recent data suggest the odds for stillbirth are approximately 50% higher in women with GDM at term (37 weeks and beyond) than in those without GDM, it is unclear if this risk is seen in women with optimal glycemic control. Current professional society guidelines are broad with respect to fetal testing strategies and delivery timing in women with diabetes. Summary: The data supporting strategies to reduce the risk of stillbirth in women with diabetes are limited. Antepartum fetal surveillance should be performed to reduce stillbirth rates; however, the optimal test, frequency of testing, and delivery timing are not yet clear. Future studies of obstetric management for women with diabetes should consider not just individual but also system level costs and benefits associated with antenatal surveillance. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Chaihu-shugan san inhibits inflammatory response to improve insulin signaling in liver and prefrontal cortex of CUMS rats with glucose intolerance; Depression is a mental illness comorbid risk factor for glucose intolerance worldwide. Chaihu-shugan san, a 'shu-Gan’ formula in traditional Chinese medicine, is clinically used in the treatment of depression. The aim of this study was to investigate whether Chaihu-shugan san improved glucose tolerance with its antidepressant activity in rat model of depression and explore the mechanisms underlying its action on liver-brain inflammation axis. After 6 weeks of chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS) procedure, male Wistar rats were given Chaihu-shugan san water extract (925 and 1850 mg/kg) by gavage for the next 6 consecutive weeks. Sucrose consumption test was used to assess animal depressive-like behaviors. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was employed to define the status of glucose tolerance in rats. Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β) were measured by commercial kits, respectively. Western blot was used to detect the expression of key proteins in inflammatory signaling cascades including toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), myeloid differentiation protein 88 (MyD88), nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-κB), Nod-like receptor family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3), apoptosis-associated speck-like protein containing CARD (ASC), cysteinyl aspartate specific proteinase-1 (Caspase-1) and IL-1β, as well as insulin signaling in liver and prefrontal cortex of rats. Immunohistochemical staining or immunofluorescence staining of NF-κB, and nuclear/cytoplasmic ratio of NF-κB by Western blot were used to describe its nuclear entry in liver and prefrontal cortex of rats. RT-qPCR and Western blot analysis, as well as microRNA-155 (miR-155) mimic or inhibitor transfection were used to explore possible association of MyD88 and miR-155. In this study, Chaihu-shugan san increased sucrose consumption and reduced serum glucose levels in CUMS rats, showing its antidepressant activity with glucose tolerance improvement. Chaihu-shugan san reduced serum levels of ALT and IL-1β in this animal model. Furthermore, this formula inhibited hepatic and prefrontal cortical inflammatory response by suppressing TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB pathway and NLRP3 inflammasome activation, and improved insulin signaling in CUMS rats. More importantly, Chaihu-shugan san up-regulated miR-155 expression in liver and prefrontal cortex of CUMS rats. These results provide direct evidence that Chaihushugan San can ameliorate depressive-like behaviors by inhibiting liver-brain inflammation axis. © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS
Vitamin D Supplementation, Serum 25(OH)D Concentrations and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors are associated with low serum 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations in observational studies; however, clinical trial findings are inconsistent. Objective: We assessed the effect of vitamin D supplementation and increased serum 25(OH)D concentrations on CVD risk factors in a systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Design: MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, and Google Scholar were searched for RCTs that evaluated vitamin D supplementation and cardiovascular outcomes [blood pressure, parathyroid hormone (PTH), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), total cholesterol, high and low density lipoprotein (HDL and LDL, respectively), triglycerides, peak wave velocity (PWV) and Augmentation Index (AI)] from 1992 through 2017. Meta-analysis was based on a random-effects model and inverse variance method to calculate standardized mean difference (SMD) as effect sizes, followed by a leave-one-out method for sensitivity analysis. Risk of publication bias was assessed using Cochrane checklist and Begg funnel plots. The systematic review is registered as CRD42015025346. Results: We identified 2341 studies from which 81 met inclusion criteria. The meta-analysis indicated a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (SMD = −0.102 ± 0.04 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI), −0.20 to −0.03), diastolic blood pressure (SMD = −0.07 ± 0.03 mmHg, 95% CI, −0.14 to −0.006), serum PTH (SMD = −0.66 ± 0.08 ng/L, 95% CI, −0.82 to −0.49), hs-CRP (SMD = −0.20 ± 0.07 mg/L, 95% CI, −0.34 to −0.06), total cholesterol (SMD = −0.15 ± 0.06 mmol/L, 95% CI, −0.25 to −0.04), LDL (SMD = −0.10 ± 0.05 mmol/L, 95% CI, −0.20 to −0.003), triglycerides (SMD = −0.12 ± 0.06 mmol/L, 95% CI, −0.23 to −0.003) and a significant increase in HDL (SMD = 0.09 ± 0.04 mmol/L, 95% CI, 0.00 to 0.17) with vitamin D supplementation. These findings remained significant in sensitivity analyses for blood pressure, lipid profile, serum PTH, and serum hs-CRP. There was no significant effect of vitamin D supplementation on PWV (SMD = −0.20 ± 0.13 m/s, 95% CI, −0.46 to 0.06, p = 0.14) and AI (SMD = −0.09 ± 0.14%, 95% CI, −0.37 to 0.19, p = 0.52) for vitamin D supplemented groups. Conclusion: These findings suggest that vitamin D supplementation may act to protect against CVD through improving risk factors, including high blood pressure, elevated PTH, dyslipidemia, and inflammation. © Copyright © 2018 Mirhosseini, Rainsbury and Kimball.
Zein-polysaccharide nanoparticles as matrices for antioxidant compounds: A strategy for prevention of chronic degenerative diseases; Oxidative Stress (OS) produces the formation of free radicals and other reactive oxygen and nitrogen species that are intimately involved in many diseases, especially Chronic Degenerative Diseases (CDD) such as cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and obesity, among others. Thus, reactive compounds need to be quenched by antioxidants. The problems of these compounds include that they are susceptible to degradation, have low bioavailability, and can lose their bioactivity in the gastroIntestinal tract. Therefore, an alternative is encapsulation. Zein is a protein used in nanotechnology as a polymer matrix because it can encapsulate different compounds such as antioxidants to provide stability and control of the release. The disadvantage of zein as a delivery vehicle is that it is limited by the low stability of aggregation when suspended in water, in addition to the conditions of acid pH or that higher ionic strength tends to destabilize. To reduce these limitations, the incorporation of polysaccharides as a second polymer matrix can provide stability in zein nanoparticles. In this review, we discuss OS as a source of CDD, the role of antioxidants in the prevention of these diseases, and the preparation, characterization, and application of antioxidant-zein-polysaccharide particles as delivery systems as well as possible mechanisms to control CDD. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Science behind the cardio-metabolic benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: biochemical effects vs. clinical outcomes; Lower incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the Greenland Inuit, Northern Canada and Japan has been attributed to their consumption of seafood rich in long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA). While a large majority of pre-clinical and intervention trials have demonstrated heart health benefits of LCn-3PUFA, some studies have shown no effects or even negative effects. LCn-3PUFA have been shown to favourably modulate blood lipid levels, particularly a reduction in circulating levels of triglycerides. High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels are elevated following dietary supplementation with LCn-3PUFA. Although LCn-3PUFA have been shown to increase low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, the increase is primarily in the large-buoyant particles that are less atherogenic than small-dense LDL particles. The anti-inflammatory effects of LCn-3PUFA have been clearly outlined with inhibition of NFkB mediated cytokine production being the main mechanism. In addition, reduction in adhesion molecules (intercellular adhesion molecule, ICAM and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, VCAM-1) and leukotriene production have also been demonstrated following LCn-3PUFA supplementation. Anti-aggregatory effects of LCn-3PUFA have been a subject of controversy, however, recent studies showing sex-specific effects on platelet aggregation have helped resolve the effects on hyperactive platelets. Improvements in endothelium function, blood flow and blood pressure after LCn-3PUFA supplementation add to the mechanistic explanation on their cardio-protective effects. Modulation of adipose tissue secretions including pro-inflammatory mediators and adipokines by LCn-3PUFA has re-ignited interest in their cardiovascular health benefits. The aim of this narrative review is to filter out the reasons for possible disparity between cohort, mechanistic, pre-clinical and clinical studies. The focus of the article is to provide possible explanation for the observed controversies surrounding heart health benefits of LCn-3PUFA. © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
The role of vitamin D in the prevention of falls among subjects with sarcopenia; The objective of this review was to analyze the efficacy of vitamin D intake in preventing the risk of falls in subjects with sarcopenia. Sarcopenia is a syndrome which causes a progressive decrease in muscle cells and a loss in the ability to generate strength. The etiology of sarcopenia is the product of a decrease in physical activity, increased inflammatory activity, malnutrition, oxidative stress, hormonal alterations and bone density among other causes. Currently sarcopenia is linked with disability and functional disability, related to an increased risk of falling and lower quality of life. It has been observed that daily consumption of vitamin D in doses between 800 and 1000 IU, results in development of type II muscle fibers, which improves balance, increases strength, and walking speed. However, these effects are controversial because there are several studies that have not shown any improvements. Thus, consumption of vitamin D should be limited. The Endocrinology Society and the Institute of Medicine recommend between 400 and 2000 IU daily to avoid hypo- or hypervitaminosis. This review concludes that the use of vitamin D as a therapeutic strategy for the prevention of falls related to sarcopenia is not yet clear, thus no recommendations can be made. However, it is believed that the main effect of vitamin D in the prevention of falls is the optimizing action of type II muscle fibers. © 2018, Sociedad Chilena de Nutricion Bromatologia y Toxilogica. All right reserved.
Circulating adipokines and mRNA expression in adipose tissue and the placenta in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Maternal adipose tissue and the placenta secrete various molecules commonly called adipokines such as chemerin, omentin-1, visfatin, adiponectin, and leptin that are important players in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as a state of glucose intolerance characterized by β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. To examine whether circulating adipokines and their mRNA expression in the adipose tissue and the placenta are altered in GDM pregnancy, we compared 15 GDM women [obese (BMI > 30) and non-obese (BMI < 30)] to 23 NGT (normal glucose tolerance) women [obese and non-obese], at the time of the Cesarean section. Circulating chemerin and leptin were higher (p = 0.009 and p = 0.005, respectively) and circulating omentin-1, visfatin, as well as the adiponectin/leptin ratio were lower (p = 0.039, p = 0.007 and p = 0.011, respectively) in GDM-obese compared to NGT-non-obese women. Chemerin and leptin correlated positively with BMI and HOMA-IR and omentin-1 correlated negatively with BMI. Serum TNF-α was significantly elevated in all obese compared to non-obese pregnant women and correlated positively with BMI. Adiponectin levels were reduced -although not significantly- in GDM- and NGT-obese women compared to their non-obese counterparts. Resistin, RPB4 and IL-6 levels did not differ significantly between groups. Chemerin mRNA expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) was significantly higher compared to placenta in all women (6-to 24-times, p < 0.05). Chemerin-VAT mRNA expression in GDM-obese tended to be significantly higher compared to NGT-non-obese women (3-times, p = 0.005). Omentin-1 mRNA expression was significantly higher in VAT compared to SAT (50- to 100-times, p < 0.01) and its expression in placenta was negligible in all women. Although, leptin was expressed significantly higher in SAT compared to VAT and the placenta in all women (5- to 46-times, p < 0.05), only its mRNA expression in VAT of obese (GDM and NGT) differed significantly when compared to NGT-non-obese women (3-times higher, p < 0.02). Visfatin mRNA expression was comparable in all tissues. In conclusion, chemerin and leptin are elevated and omentin-1 and visfatin levels are decreased in GDM women complicated by obesity. This finding together with the positive association of chemerin and leptin with markers of insulin resistance, suggests that these adipokines and more especially chemerin and leptin accompanied by their adipose tissue expression could contribute to the increased insulin resistance and low grade inflammation that characterizes GDM-obese women. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Moderate but not high daily intake of chili pepper sauce improves serum glucose and cholesterol levels; Chili and its main active ingredient capsaicin have been shown to induce several favorable biological activities. In the present study we have tested the effect of three chili sauces mimicking popular commercially available chili sauces with an increasing amount of capsaicinoids on a broad range of serum biochemical markers in thirty healthy subjects. We show that in the region where daily use of chili is traditionally low, moderate consumption of 4.4 mg of capsaicinoids per day has beneficial health effects, such as decrease in glucose level, LDL cholesterol and C-reactive protein. However, when a product with higher daily dose of capsaicinoids (16.7 mg/day) was consumed, those effects were lost. Considering that biochemical marker levels returned to the initial levels after a week-long wash-out period, we suggest that regular intake of moderate amounts of chili product would be most profitable. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
The interplay between noncoding RNAs and insulin in diabetes; Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs, long noncoding RNAs and circular RNAs, regulate various biological processes and are involved in the initiation and progression of human diseases. Insulin, a predominant hormone secreted from pancreatic β cells, is an essential factor in regulation of systemic metabolism through multifunctional insulin signaling. Insulin production and action are tightly controlled. Dysregulations of insulin production and action can impair metabolic homeostasis, and eventually lead to the development of multiple metabolic diseases, especially diabetes. Accumulating data indicates that ncRNAs modulate β cell mass, insulin synthesis, secretion and signaling, and their role in diabetes is dramatically emerging. This review summarizes our current knowledge of ncRNAs as regulators of insulin, with particular emphasis on the implications of this interplay in the development of diabetes. We outline the role of ncRNAs in pancreatic β cell mass and function, which is critical for insulin production and secretion. We also highlight the involvement of ncRNAs in insulin signaling in peripheral tissues including liver, muscle and adipose, and discuss ncRNA-mediated inter-organ crosstalk under diabetic conditions. A more in-depth understanding of the interplay between ncRNAs and insulin may afford valuable insights and novel therapeutic strategies for treatment of diabetes, as well as other human diseases. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure results in intergenerational inheritance via DNA methylation reprogramming on F1 PGCs; Background: The existing reports about intergenerational or transgenerational effects of intrauterine hyperglycemia have included both intrauterine and postnatal metabolic exposure factors, while the impact of intrauterine hyperglycemia per se has not been assessed alone. A number of studies suggest DNA methylation reprogramming of gametes plays a crucial role in the metabolic inheritance, but it is unclear when and how DNA methylation patterns are altered when exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia. In this study, we selected nondiabetic F1- and F2-gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) male mice as founders to examine metabolic changes in the next generation and performed methylome sequencing of day 13.5 primordial germ cells (PGCs) from F1-GDM to explore the underlying epigenetic mechanism. Results: We found that intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure resulted in obesity, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance in F2 male mice, but no metabolic changes in F3 male mice at 8 weeks. Using reduced representation bisulfite sequencing, we found DNA methylome of day 13.5 PGCs from F1-GDM fetuses revealed differently methylated genes enriched in obesity and diabetes. Methylation validation of the insulin resistance and fat accumulation gene Fyn showed a consistent hypomethylation status in F1 PGCs, F1 fetal testes, sperm from F1/C-GDM mice, and somatic cells from F2-GDM male mice. In contrast, no methylation alteration was observed in F2-GDM male germ cells and F3-GDM somatic cells. Conclusion: We provide evidence that intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure per se contributes to intergenerational metabolic changes in the F2 but not F3 generation. And the aberrant DNA methylation reprogramming occurs as early as day 13.5 in PGCs of the F1 generation. Our findings suggest that intrauterine exposure alone is sufficient to cause the epigenetic inheritance in F2 offspring, and the epigenetic memory carried by DNA methylation pattern could be erased by the second wave of methylation reprogramming in F2 PGCs during fetal development. © 2018 The Author(s).
Metabotypes with elevated protein and lipid catabolism and inflammation precede clinical mastitis in prepartal transition dairy cows; Clinical mastitis (CM), the most prevalent and costly disease in dairy cows, is diagnosed most commonly shortly after calving. Current indicators do not satisfactorily predict CM. This study aimed to develop a robust and comprehensive mass spectrometry-based metabolomic and lipidomic workflow using untargeted ultra-performance liquid chromatography high-resolution mass spectrometry for predictive biomarker detection. Using a nested case-control design, we measured weekly during the prepartal transition period differences in serum metabolites, lipids, inflammation markers, and minerals between clinically healthy Holstein dairy cows diagnosed with mastitis postcalving (CMP; n = 8; CM diagnosis d 1 = 3 cows, d 2 = 2 cows, d 4 = 1 cow; d 25 = 1 cow, and d 43 = 1 cow that had subclinical mastitis since d 3) or not (control; n = 9). The largest fold differences between CMP and control cows during the prepartal transition period were observed for 3′-sialyllactose in serum. Seven metabolites (N-methylethanolamine phosphate, choline, phosphorylcholine, free carnitine, trimethyl lysine, tyrosine, and proline) and 3 metabolite groups (carnitines, AA metabolites, and water-soluble phospholipid metabolites) could correctly classify cows for their future CM status at both 21 and 14 d before calving. Biochemical analysis using lipid and metabolite-specific commercial diagnostic kits supported our mass spectrometry-based omics results and additionally showed elevated inflammatory markers (serum amyloid A and visfatin) in CMP cows. In conclusion, metabolic phenotypes (i.e., metabotype) with elevated protein and lipid metabolism and inflammation may precede CM in prepartal transition dairy cows. The discovered serum metabolites and lipids may assist in predictive diagnostics, prevention strategies, and early treatment intervention against CM, and thereby improve cow health and welfare. © 2018 American Dairy Science Association
Vitamin D in the Middle East and North Africa; Purpose: The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region registers some of the lowest serum 25‑hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, worldwide. We describe the prevalence and the risk factors for hypovitaminosis D, completed and ongoing clinical trials, and available guidelines for vitamin D supplementation in this region. Methods: This review is an update of previous reviews published by our group in 2013 for observational studies, and in 2015 for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from the region. We conducted a comprehensive search in Medline, PubMed, and Embase, and the Cochrane Library, using MeSH terms and keywords relevant to vitamin D, vitamin D deficiency, and the MENA region, for the period 2012–2017 for observational studies, and 2015–2017 for RCTs. We included large cross-sectional studies with at least 100 subjects/study, and RCTs with at least 50 participants per arm. Results: We identified 41 observational studies. The prevalence of hypovitaminosis D, defined as a 25‑hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] level below the desirable level of 20 ng/ml, ranged between 12–96% in children and adolescents, and 54–90% in pregnant women. In adults, it ranged between 44 and 96%, and the mean 25(OH)D varied between 11 and 20 ng/ml. In general, significant predictors of low 25(OH)D levels were female gender, increasing age and body mass index, veiling, winter season, use of sun screens, lower socioeconomic status, and higher latitude. We retrieved 14 RCTs comparing supplementation to control or placebo, published during the period 2015-2017: 2 in children, 8 in adults, and 4 in pregnant women. In children and adolescents, a vitamin D dose of 1000–2000 IU/d was needed to maintain serum 25(OH)D level at target. In adults and pregnant women, the increment in 25(OH)D level was inversely proportional to the dose, ranging between 0.9 and 3 ng/ml per 100 IU/d for doses ≤2000 IU/d, and between 0.1 and 0.6 ng/ml per 100 IU/d for doses ≥3000 IU/d. While the effect of vitamin D supplementation on glycemic indices is still controversial in adults, vitamin D supplementation may be protective against gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women. In the only identified study in the elderly, there was no significant difference between 600 IU/day and 3750 IU/day doses on bone mineral density. We did not identify any fracture studies. The available vitamin D guidelines in the region are based on expert opinion, with recommended doses between 400 and 2000 IU/d, depending on the age category, and country. Conclusion: Hypovitaminosis D is prevalent in the MENA region, and doses of 1000–2000 IU/d may be necessary to reach a desirable 25(OH)D level of 20 ng/ml. Studies assessing the effect of such doses of vitamin D on major outcomes, and confirming their long term safety, are needed. © 2018
A case-control study and meta-analysis confirm glucokinase regulatory gene rs780094 is a risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Although the influence of a common variant in the glucokinase regulatory gene (GCKR rs780094) in type 2 diabetes mellitus has been well documented, less data however, is available of its role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We carried out a case control study to assess the association between GCKR rs780094 and GDM in the Asian, and also a meta-analysis to further assess the strength of the association. Methods: Demographic, clinical and genotype data were determined for 1122 women (267 cases and 855 controls) recruited from the University of Malaya Medical Centre in the Klang Valley, Kuala Lumpur. Relevant articles were identified from Pubmed, Embase, MEDLINE, and Web of Science. Extraction of data was carried out and summary estimates of the association between rs780094 and GDM were examined. Results: The frequency of risk allele C was significantly higher in the cases than controls (OR 1.34, 95% CI 1.09–1.66, P = 0.006). The C allele was also associated with increased level of random 2-hour fasting plasma glucose and pregravid body mass index. Meta-analysis further confirmed the association of the GCKR rs780094 with GDM (OR 1.32, 95% CI 1.14–1.52, P = 0.0001). Conclusion: This study strongly suggests that GCKR rs780094-C is associated with increased risk of GDM. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Possible Role of MicroRNA in Equine Insulin Resistance: A Pilot Study; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small endogenous single-stranded noncoding RNA molecules that have important roles in several biological processes. Research in human and laboratory animals has shown that miRNAs can regulate genes associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome, and that the levels of specific miRNAs circulating in the bloodstream can serve as potential biomarkers for the diagnosis and prognosis of these diseases. We hypothesized that insulin-resistant (IR) horses would have a different circulating miRNA profile than those that are healthy. Fifteen nonpregnant mares housed at the Virginia Tech Middelburg Agricultural Research and Extension Center were evaluated for insulin sensitivity, with the frequent sampling intravenous glucose tolerance test. Selected mares, representing the most insulin-sensitive (IS, n = 3) and IR (n = 3) states, and paired for age, weight, and body condition, underwent miRNA profiling. Serum samples were collected, miRNA extracted, and microarray analysis performed to investigate the presence and relative amount of 340 equine miRNAs. Confirmation by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction revealed that miRNA was present in the serum of all animals. Results demonstrated different miRNA profiles between groups: Six miRNAs were expressed only in IS mares, five miRNAs were found to have lower quantity in IR mares relative to the IS ones, and three miRNAs were higher quantity in IR mares relative to the IS ones. The novel results of this preliminary study suggest potential new tools that could be developed for the diagnosis and treatment of metabolic syndrome in horses. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
The role for cyclic glycine-proline, a biological regulator of insulin-like growth factor-1 in pregnancy-related obesity and weight changes; Cyclic Glycine-Proline (cGP) regulates the homeostasis of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 function and cGP/IGF-1 ratio determines IGF-1 bioactivity in vitro and in vivo. Plasma IGF-1 represents largely inactive IGF-1 and weakly associated with human obesity and hypertension. We evaluated the regulatory role for cGP in pregnancy-related obesity and hypertension, and in obesity status between pregnancy and postpartum. Women were recruited in their first pregnancy. A cross-sectional study compared plasma concentration of cGP, IGF-1 and IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3 in women with obesity and/or hypertension to normal controls 6-year postpartum using UPLC-MS and ELISA. A longitudinal study compared the changes of these peptides from 15-week gestation to 6-year post-partum in the women who remained normal weight, remained obese or changed to obese or to normal respectively. Study 1 is a cross-sectional study. The obese group had lower IGF-1(p = 0.001), higher cGP/IGF-1 ratio (p = 0.0055) and the hypertensive group had lower IGFBP-3 (p = 0.046) and cGP (p = 0.043) than the controls. Study 2 is a longitudinal study. Women with weight loss had increased cGP/IGF-1 ratio (p = 0.0026) and decreased IGFBP-3 (p = 0.0001) compared with women whose weight remained normal. Women with weight gain had lower IGFBP-3 (p < 0.0001) only. Women who remained obese had increased cGP/IGF-1 ratio (p = 0.006) only. Increase in cGP/IGF-1 ratio is associated with obesity, but not hypertension. Changes of IGFBP-3 and/or cGP/IGF-1 ratio are associated with weight changes. The data suggest the role for cGP in obesity through autocrine regulation of IGF-1. © by BIOLIFE.
Animal models of obesity and diabetes mellitus; More than one-third of the worldwide population is overweight or obese and therefore at risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. In order to mitigate this pandemic, safer and more potent therapeutics are urgently required. This necessitates the continued use of animal models to discover, validate and optimize novel therapeutics for their safe use in humans. In order to improve the transition from bench to bedside, researchers must not only carefully select the appropriate model but also draw the right conclusions. In this Review, we consolidate the key information on the currently available animal models of obesity and diabetes and highlight the advantages, limitations and important caveats of each of these models. © 2018 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Relationship of Selected Adipokines with Markers of Vascular Damage in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes; Background: In this study we compared levels of selected adipokines between patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and healthy individuals and we determined their relationship with early vascular damage markers. Methods: Seventy-seven subjects: 56 patients with T2D (34 men and 22 women) and 21 healthy controls (8 men and 13 women) were examined in this cross-sectional study. Selected adipokines [adiponectin, adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP), fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21), C1q/TNF-related protein 9 (CTRP-9), and allograft inflammatory factor-1 (AIF-1)] with possible cardiovascular impact were measured in all participants. To identify markers of vascular damage von Willebrand factor (VWF), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and arterial stiffness parameters were examined in all the subjects. Results: When compared with healthy controls, T2D had significantly higher levels of A-FABP [50.0 (38.1-68.6) vs. 28.6 (23.6-32.9) ng/mL, P < 0.0001] and lower levels of adiponectin [5.9 (4.3-9.0) vs. 11.3 (8.7-14.8) μg/mL, P < 0.0001]. Differences in other adipokines were not statistically significant. Adiponectin level correlated negatively with VWF levels (ρ =-0.29, P < 0.05) and PAI-1 (ρ =-0.36, P < 0.05) and A-FABP positively with VWF (ρ = 0.61, P < 0.05) and PAI-1 (ρ = 0.47, P < 0.05) and augmentation index (ρ = 0.26, P < 0.05). Multivariate regression analysis showed independent association between A-FABP and VWF (b = 0.24, P < 0.05). Conclusions: Patients with T2D have significantly higher levels of A-FABP and lower levels of adiponectin. These adipokines correlate with indicators of vascular damage and could contribute to cardiovascular risk in patients with T2D. A-FABP may participate in direct endothelium damage. © Copyright 2018, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2018.
Animal models and natural products to investigate in vivo and in vitro antidiabetic activity; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic disease which has high prevalence. The deficiency in insulin production or impaired insulin function is the underlying cause of this disease. Utilization of plant sources as a cure of diabetes has rich evidence in the history. Recently, the traditional medicinal plants have been investigated scientifically to understand the underlying mechanism behind antidiabetic potential. In this regard, a substantial number of in vivo and in vitro models have been introduced for investigating the bottom-line mechanism of the antidiabetic effect. A good number of methods have been reported to be used successfully to determine antidiabetic effects of plant extracts or isolated compounds. This review encompasses all the possible methods with a list of medicinal plants which may contribute to discovering a novel drug to treat diabetes more efficaciously with the minimum or no side effects. © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS
Maternal metabolic, immune, and microbial systems in late pregnancy vary with malnutrition in mice; Malnutrition is a global threat to pregnancy health and impacts offspring development. Establishing an optimal pregnancy environment requires the coordination of maternal metabolic and immune pathways, which converge at the gut. Diet, metabolic, and immune dysfunctions have been associated with gut dysbiosis in the nonpregnant individual. In pregnancy, these states are associated with poor pregnancy outcomes and offspring development. However, the impact of malnutrition on maternal gut microbes, and their relationships with maternal metabolic and immune status, has been largely underexplored. To determine the impact of undernutrition and overnutrition on maternal metabolic status, inflammation, and the microbiome, and whether relationships exist between these systems, pregnant mice were fed either a normal, calorically restricted (CR), or a high fat (HF) diet. In late pregnancy, maternal inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers were measured and the cecal microbiome was characterized. Microbial richness was reduced in HF mothers although they did not gain more weight than controls. First trimester weight gain was associated with differences in the microbiome. Microbial abundance was associated with altered plasma and gut inflammatory phenotypes and peripheral leptin levels. Taxa potentially protective against elevated maternal leptin, without the requirement of a CR diet, were identified. Suboptimal dietary conditions common during pregnancy adversely impact maternal metabolic and immune status and the microbiome. HF nutrition exerts the greatest pressures on maternal microbial dynamics and inflammation. Key gut bacteria may mediate local and peripheral inflammatory events in response to maternal nutrient and metabolic status, with implications for maternal and offspring health. © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Society for the Study of Reproduction. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail:.
Measurement of shear wave speed dispersion in the placenta by transient elastography: A preliminary ex vivo study; Background Placental elasticity may be modified in women with placental insufficiency. Shear wave elastography (SWE) can measure this, using acoustic radiation force, but the safety of its use in pregnant women has not yet been demonstrated. Transient elastography (TE) is a safer alternative, but has not yet been applied to the placenta. Moreover, the dispersion of shear wave speed (SWS) as a function of frequency has received relatively little study for placental tissue, although it might improve the accuracy of biomechanical assessment. Objective To explore the feasibility and reproducibility of TE for placental analysis, to compare the values of SWS and Young's modulus (YM) from TE and SWE, and to analyze SWS dispersion as a function of frequency ex vivo in normal placentas. Materials and methods Ten normal placentas were analyzed ex vivo by an Aixplorer ultrasound system as shear waves were generated by a vibrating plate and by using an Aixplorer system. The frequency analysis provided the value of the exponent n from a fractional rheological model applied to the TE method. We calculated intra- and interobserver agreement for SWS and YM with 95% prediction intervals, created Bland-Altman plots with 95% limits of agreement, and estimated the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). Main results The mean SWS was 1.80 m/s +/- 0.28 (standard deviation) with the TE method at 50 Hz and 1.82 m/s +/-0.13 with SWE (P = 0.912). No differences were observed between the central and peripheral regions of placentas with either TE or SWE. With TE, the intraobserver ICC for SWS was 0.68 (0.50-0.82), and the interobserver ICC for SWS 0.65 (0.37-0.85). The mean parameter n obtained from the fractional rheological model was 1.21 +/- 0.12, with variable values of n for any given SWS. Conclusions TE is feasible and reproducible on placentas ex vivo. The frequency analysis of SWS provides additional information about placental elasticity and appears to be able to distinguish differences between placental structures. © 2018 Simon et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: Evidence from human and animal studies; Obesity prior to and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications during pregnancy. One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a condition characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance that is diagnosed in the third trimester of pregnancy. GDM predisposes both mothers and their children to increased obesity and cardiometabolic disorders, namely type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Current treatments include lifestyle changes and insulin injections, but oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide are increasingly prescribed as they do not require injections. However, the long-term implications of therapies for diabetes during pregnancy on mothers and their offspring are not fully understood. In this review, we describe current treatments for GDM, including the first line lifestyle interventions such as exercise as well as insulin, glyburides and metformin. We also review selected natural health products that are sometimes used by individuals during pregnancy that could also be an effective therapeutic in pregnancies characterized by obesity or GDM. We focus on both the short- and long-term effects of treatments on the health of mothers and their offspring. We review the current literature from clinical research and animal studies. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal high fructose diet and neonatal immune challenge alter offspring anxiety-like behavior and inflammation across the lifespan; Aims: This study examined the interaction between maternal high fructose diet and neonatal inflammation in neonates (P7), juveniles (P26–34) and adults on measures of anxiety-like behavior and cognition. The study aimed to assess the potential synergistic effects of these two forms of early-life inflammation. Main methods: We fed Sprague-Dawley dams with high fructose (60%) diet or normal chow. Each litter was treated with either saline or lipopolysaccharide (LPS) on postnatal day (P)3 and P5 and two pups were tested for USVs after maternal separation on P7. Post-weaning, juveniles were tested on the elevated zero maze (EZM) and in a context-object discrimination (COD) task prior to tissue harvest. Adults were tested on the EZM and the COD task as well. Immunohistochemistry and ELISA were used to assess molecular and cellular changes in the offspring. Key findings: This study demonstrates that maternal diet and neonatal inflammation altered peripheral inflammation in neonates, altered anxiety-like behavior in juveniles, and altered anxiety-like behavior in adulthood. Maternal diet and sex increased juvenile peripheral inflammation and altered memory on the context-discrimination task. Significance: Maternal diet has a profound impact on fetal and neonatal development, especially as obesity rates are on the rise worldwide. Together, these findings reveal enduring effects of maternal diet on offspring, support the findings on the effects of neonatal inflammation on anxiety-like behaviors in later-life periods, and add to the complex relationship between gestational and neonatal inflammation and anxiety. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal Exercise Improves the Metabolic Health of Adult Offspring; The intrauterine environment can modulate the course of development and confer an enduring effect on offspring health. The effects of maternal diet to impair offspring metabolic health are well established, but the effects of maternal exercise on offspring metabolic health have been less defined. Because physical exercise is a treatment for obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D), maternal exercise is an appealing intervention to positively influence the intrauterine environment and improve the metabolic health of offspring. Recent research has provided insights into the effects of maternal exercise on the metabolic health of adult offspring, which is the focus of this review. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Metabolomic profiling of maternal hair suggests rapid development of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Introduction: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a common maternal liver disease; development can result in devastating consequences, including sudden fetal death and stillbirth. Currently, recognition of ICP only occurs following onset of clinical symptoms. Objective: Investigate the maternal hair metabolome for predictive biomarkers of ICP. Methods: The maternal hair metabolome (gestational age of sampling between 17 and 41 weeks) of 38 Chinese women with ICP and 46 pregnant controls was analysed using gas chromatography–mass spectrometry. Results: Of 105 metabolites detected in hair, none were significantly associated with ICP. Conclusion: Hair samples represent accumulative environmental exposure over time. Samples collected at the onset of ICP did not reveal any metabolic shifts, suggesting rapid development of the disease. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Role of osteoprotegerin/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B ligand axis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Concomitantly with the increase in the prevalences of overweight/obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has worldwide become the main cause of chronic liver disease in both adults and children. Patients with fatty liver display features of metabolic syndrome (MetS), like insulin resistance (IR), glucose intolerance, hypertension and dyslipidemia. Recently, epidemiological studies have linked obesity, MetS, and NAFLD to decreased bone mineral density and osteoporosis, highlighting an intricate interplay among bone, adipose tissue, and liver. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), an important symbol of the receptor activator of nuclear factor-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B/OPG system activation, typically considered for its role in bone metabolism, may also play critical roles in the initiation and perpetuation of obesity-related comorbidities. Clinical data have indicated that OPG concentrations are associated with hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy, vascular calcification, endothelial dysfunction, and severity of liver damage in chronic hepatitis C. Nonetheless, the relationship between circulating OPG and IR as a key feature of MetS as well as between OPG and NAFLD remains uncertain. Thus, the aims of the present review are to provide the existent knowledge on these associations and to discuss briefly the underlying mechanisms linking OPG and NAFLD. © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Paraneoplastic syndromes in pancreatic cancer; Paraneoplastic syndromes are defined as signs and symptoms which presentdistant to the site of primary cancer or metastases. However, they are closelyassociated with the malignant disease and comprise metabolic, dystrophic, and/ordegenerative symptoms, which are consequences of humoral or hormonal factors. The clinical symptoms vary widely and include systemic and organ-specificmanifestations. In some cases, these can become the major clinical problems determining survival. Systemic manifestations include frequent symptoms ofpancreatic cancer patients such as fever and cachexia. Organ-specific symptomsmay represent as cutaneous, neurological, hematological, or endocrine symptoms. A special focus of this chapter is on diabetes mellitus associated withpancreatic tumors. The best-understood syndromes result from tumor productionof biologically active substances or, to a lesser extent, from autoimmune phenomena. Biological active agents may promote the growth of the tumor directly. In turn, growth-promoting agents of this type may become the focus of newapproaches to anticancer treatment. After successful treatment of the underlyingmalignant disease, paraneoplastic symptoms may resolve completely. Thus, earlyrecognition of paraneoplastic syndromes is very important in the management ofpatients with pancreatic cancer. In the following chapter, the most commonparaneoplastic syndromes are described in detail. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2018.
Serum γ-glutamyltransferase level and metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents: Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey; Aims/Introduction: Serum γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is positively related to cardiometabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and metabolic syndrome (MetS), in adult populations. Our aim was to investigate whether serum GGT is independently associated with MetS and its components in a nationally representative sample of Korean children and adolescents. Materials and Methods: The study included data from 1,618 participants (867 boys, 751 girls) aged 10–18 years from the 2010–2011 Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. MetS was diagnosed by the 2007 International Diabetes Federation criteria for children and adolescents. Participants were stratified using a cut-off value of the 75th percentile of serum GGT levels (19 IU/L for boys, 15 IU/L for girls). The odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for MetS and its components were determined with multiple logistic regression analyses. Results: The mean values of most cardiometabolic variables were significantly higher in the upper stratum. Except for low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in boys and elevated blood pressure in girls, participants in the upper GGT stratum had significantly higher odds of MetS and its components than those in the lower stratum. The multivariate-adjusted odds ratios for MetS for the upper stratum were 5.79 (95% confidence interval 1.21–27.02) in boys and 6.20 (95% confidence interval 1.71–22.47) in girls, after adjusting for age, household income and residential area. Conclusions: Serum GGT was positively associated with MetS and its components in Korean children and adolescents. Serum GGT could be a useful measure for identifying children and adolescents with MetS. © 2017 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
The pharmacological management of metabolic syndrome; Introduction: The metabolic syndrome includes a constellation of several well-established risk factors, which need to be aggressively treated in order to prevent overt type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. While recent guidelines for the treatment of individual components of the metabolic syndrome focus on cardiovascular benefits as resulted from clinical trials, specific recent recommendations on the pharmacological management of metabolic syndrome are lacking. The objective of present paper was to review the therapeutic options for metabolic syndrome and its components, the available evidence related to their cardiovascular benefits, and to evaluate the extent to which they should influence the guidelines for clinical practice. Areas covered: A Medline literature search was performed to identify clinical trials and meta-analyses related to the therapy of dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension, glucose metabolism and obesity published in the past decade. Expert commentary: Our recommendation for first-line pharmacological are statins for dyslipidemia, renin-angiotensin-aldosteron system inhibitors for arterial hypertension, metformin or sodium/glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors or glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) for glucose intolerance, and the GLP-1RA liraglutide for achieving body weight and waist circumference reduction. © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Study of the serum metabolomic profile in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: Research and clinical perspectives; In recent years, metabolomics has attracted great scientific attention. The metabolomics methodology might permit a view into transitional phases between healthy liver and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. Metabolomics can help to analyze the metabolic alterations that play a main role in the progression of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. Lipid, glucose, amino acid, and bile acid metabolism should be widely studied to understand the complex pathogenesis of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. The discovery of new biomarkers would be important for diagnosis and staging of liver disease as well as for the assessment of efficacy of new drugs. Here, we review the metabolomics data regarding nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. We analyzed the main studies regarding the application of metabolomics methodology in the complex context of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, trying to create a bridge from the basic to the clinical aspects. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Rebelling against the (insulin) resistance: A review of the proposed insulin-sensitizing actions of soybeans, chickpeas, and their bioactive compounds; Insulin resistance is a major risk factor for diseases such as type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Current methods for management of insulin resistance include pharmacological therapies and lifestyle modifications. Several clinical studies have shown that leguminous plants such as soybeans and pulses (dried beans, dried peas, chickpeas, lentils) are able to reduce insulin resistance and related type 2 diabetes parameters. However, to date, no one has summarized the evidence supporting a mechanism of action for soybeans and pulses that explains their ability to lower insulin resistance. While it is commonly assumed that the biological activities of soybeans and pulses are due to their antioxidant activities, these bioactive compounds may operate independent of their antioxidant properties and, thus, their ability to potentially improve insulin sensitivity via alternative mechanisms needs to be acknowledged. Based on published studies using in vivo and in vitro models representing insulin resistant states, the proposed mechanisms of action for insulin-sensitizing actions of soybeans, chickpeas, and their bioactive compounds include increasing glucose transporter-4 levels, inhibiting adipogenesis by down-regulating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- γ, reducing adiposity, positively affecting adipokines, and increasing short-chain fatty acid-producing bacteria in the gut. Therefore, this review will discuss the current evidence surrounding the proposed mechanisms of action for soybeans and certain pulses, and their bioactive compounds, to effectively reduce insulin resistance. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The utility of HbA1c combined with haematocrit for early screening of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: To evaluate the utility of glycated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) alone and in combination with haematocrit (HCT) for screening gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between 12-16 gestational weeks. Methods: This prospective study was carried out in the Obstetrics and Gynaecology Hospital of Fudan University from November 2014 to February 2015. In total, 690 pregnant women between 20 and 35 years old were included in this study. All subjects received a routine blood examination for HbA1c and HCT at 12-16 gestational weeks (gw) and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 gw. Threshold values for the diagnosis of GDM were a plasma glucose concentration of 5.1 mmol/L after fasting, 10.0 mmol/L at 60 min, and 8.5 mmol/L at 120 min. Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to evaluate the diagnostic performance of HbA1c with or without HCT. Results: One hundred seven women were diagnosis with GDM at 24-28 gw. An HbA1c cutoff value < 4.55% at 12-16 gw showed adequate sensitivity to exclude GDM (85.0%) but low specificity (17.3%), while an HbA1c cutoff value ≥ 5.25% presented adequate specificity (96.6%) but low sensitivity (13.3%) in diagnosing GDM. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for HbA1c (12-16 gw) detection of GDM was 0.563 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.50-0.625). When combined HbA1c with HCT (> 38.8%) for the screening of GDM, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.604 (95% [CI] 0.509, 0.701). Conclusions: Whether the adoption of HbA1c as a screening test for GDM would benefit pregnant women remains to be determined. However, combining HbA1c with HCT for the screening of GDM may be a useful tool to predict GDM. © 2018 The Author(s).
Long-Term Vitamin D Supplementation and the Effects on Recurrence and Metabolic Status of Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia Grade 2 or 3: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of vitamin D supplementation on the recurrence and metabolic status of patients with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or 3 (CIN2/3). Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was carried out among 58 women diagnosed with CIN2/3. Participants were randomly assigned into 2 groups to receive either 50,000 IU vitamin D3 (n = 29) or placebo (n = 29) every 2 weeks for 6 months. Results: The recurrence rate of CIN1/2/3 was 18.5 and 48.1% in the vitamin D and placebo groups respectively (p = 0.02). When we excluded CIN1, the recurrence rate of CIN2/3 became nonsignificant. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased fasting plasma glucose (-7.8 ± 9.2 vs. -1.1 ± 8.6 mg/dL, p = 0.006) and insulin levels (-3.2 ± 4.8 vs. -0.9 ± 3.4 μIU/mL, p = 0.03), and significantly increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (0.01 ± 0.02 vs. 0.002 ± 0.01, p = 0.02) compared with the placebo. Additionally, there was a significant decrease in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-815.3 ± 1,786.2 vs. 717.5 ± 1,827.3 ng/mL, p = 0.002) and a significant increase in total antioxidant capacity (113.4 ± 137.4 vs. -53.7 ± 186.7 mmol/L, p < 0.001) following the supplementation of vitamin D compared with the placebo. Conclusions: Vitamin D3 supplementation for 6 months among women with CIN2/3 had beneficial effects on CIN1/2/3 recurrence and metabolic status; however, it did not affect CIN2/3 recurrence. © 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Human microbiota in health and disease: From pathogenesis to therapy; Human Gut Microbiota in Health and Disease: From Pathogenesis to Therapy is a comprehensive discussion of all the aspects associated with gut microbiota early colonization, its development and maintenance, and its symbiotic relationship with the host to promote health. Chapters illustrate the complex mechanisms and metabolic signalling pathways related to how the gut microbiota maintain proper regulation of glucose, lipid and energy homeostasis and immune response, while mediating inflammatory processes involved in the etiology of many chronic disease conditions. Details are provided on the primary etiological factors of chronic disease, the effects of gut dysbiosis and its associated disease conditions, while providing an overview of therapeutic strategies involving dietary fiber and prebiotics, fecal microbiota transplantation therapy and probiotics. Throughout the chapters, a comprehensive review of peer-reviewed animal and human studies is provided as evidence related to the history of human exposure, safety, tolerance, toxicity, nomenclature, and clinical efficacy of utilizing prebiotic fructans, s, as well as probiotic intervention, and dietary modification in the prevention and intervention of chronic disease conditions. With common use today of pharmaceutical medicine in treating symptoms, and frequent overuse of antibiotics in chronic disease within mainstream medical practice, understanding the etiological mechanisms of dysbiosis-induced chronic disease, and natural approaches that offer prevention and potential cures for these diseases is of vital importance to overall human health. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal Non-glycemic Contributors to Fetal Growth in Obesity and Gestational Diabetes: Spotlight on Lipids; Purpose of Review: Excess fetal growth is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for childhood obesity, and mounting evidence supports that maternal glucose is not the only driver. This review focuses on the role of clinically applicable maternal non-glycemic contributors to excess fetal growth, particularly lipids, in addition to amino acids (AA), insulin resistance, inflammation, maternal nutrition, and gestational weight gain (GWG) in obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Recent Findings: Lipids, specifically triglycerides and free fatty acids, appear to be strong contributors to excess fetal fat accretion and adiposity at birth, particularly in obese pregnancies, which account for the largest number of large-for-gestational-age infants. Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), GWG, insulin resistance, inflammation, and glucose, lipid, and AA concentrations have both independent and interacting effects on fetal growth, operating both early and late in pregnancy. All are sensitive to maternal nutrition. Summary: Early vs. later gestational exposure to excess maternal fuels in fasting and postprandial conditions may differentially impact fetoplacental outcomes. Compelling evidence suggests that targeting interventions early in pregnancy beyond glucose may be critical to improve fetal growth patterns. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The role of gut microbiota in the effects of maternal obesity during pregnancy on offspring metabolism; Obesity is considered a global epidemic. Specifically, obesity during pregnancy programs an increased risk of the offspring developing metabolic disorders in addition to the adverse effects on the mother per se. Large numbers of human and animal studies have demonstrated that the gut microbiota plays a pivotal role in obesity and metabolic diseases. Similarly, maternal obesity during pregnancy is associated with alterations in the composition and diversity of the intestine microbial community. Recently, the microbiota in the placenta, amniotic fluid, and meconium in healthy gestations has been investigated, and the results supported the “in utero colonization hypothesis” and challenged the traditional “sterile womb” that has been acknowledged worldwide for more than a century. Thus, the offspring microbiota, which is crucial for the immune and metabolic function and further health in the offspring, might be established prior to birth. As a detrimental intrauterine environment, maternal obesity influences the microbial colonization and increases the risk of metabolic diseases in offspring. This review discusses the role of the microbiota in the impact of maternal obesity during pregnancy on offspring metabolism and further analyzes related probiotic or prebiotic interventions to prevent and treat obesity and metabolic diseases. © 2018 The Author(s).
Maternal overnutrition by hypercaloric diets programs hypothalamic mitochondrial fusion and metabolic dysfunction in rat male offspring; Background: Maternal overnutrition including pre-pregnancy, pregnancy and lactation promotes a lipotoxic insult leading to metabolic dysfunction in offspring. Diet-induced obesity models (DIO) show that changes in hypothalamic mitochondria fusion and fission dynamics modulate metabolic dysfunction. Using three selective diet formula including a High fat diet (HFD), Cafeteria (CAF) and High Sugar Diet (HSD), we hypothesized that maternal diets exposure program leads to selective changes in hypothalamic mitochondria fusion and fission dynamics in male offspring leading to metabolic dysfunction which is exacerbated by a second exposure after weaning. Methods: We exposed female Wistar rats to nutritional programming including Chow, HFD, CAF, or HSD for 9 weeks (pre-mating, mating, pregnancy and lactation) or to the same diets to offspring after weaning. We determined body weight, food intake and metabolic parameters in the offspring from 21 to 60 days old. Hypothalamus was dissected at 60 days old to determine mitochondria-ER interaction markers by mRNA expression and western blot and morphology by transmission electron microscopy (TEM). Mitochondrial-ER function was analyzed by confocal microscopy using hypothalamic cell line mHypoA-CLU192. Results: Maternal programming by HFD and CAF leads to failure in glucose, leptin and insulin sensitivity and fat accumulation. Additionally, HFD and CAF programming promote mitochondrial fusion by increasing the expression of MFN2 and decreasing DRP1, respectively. Further, TEM analysis confirms that CAF exposure after programing leads to an increase in mitochondria fusion and enhanced mitochondrial-ER interaction, which partially correlates with metabolic dysfunction and fat accumulation in the HFD and CAF groups. Finally, we identified that lipotoxic palmitic acid stimulus in hypothalamic cells increases Ca2+ overload into mitochondria matrix leading to mitochondrial dysfunction. Conclusions: We concluded that maternal programming by HFD induces hypothalamic mitochondria fusion, metabolic dysfunction and fat accumulation in male offspring, which is exacerbated by HFD or CAF exposure after weaning, potentially due to mitochondria calcium overflux. © 2018 The Author(s).
Neck circumference as an independent indicator of visceral obesity in a Chinese population; Background: Neck circumference (NC) was reported to be associated with visceral obesity in some specific subjects. However, no studies have reported whether NC could identify visceral obesity in the general population. Here, we mainly aimed to explore whether NC is suitable to identify visceral obesity in the general population. Methods: Our data were from a cross-sectional survey on the prevalence of metabolic diseases and risk factors in East China from 2014 to 2015. A total of 9366 participants aged 18-93 were identified for analysis. Anthropometric indices, biochemical parameters and clinical characteristics were measured. The NC values were quartered according to sex. Spearman's correlation coefficient was employed to test the correlations between different variables. Linear regression and logistic regression were conducted to explore the relationship of NC with visceral adiposity indices and visceral obesity. Results: Among the 9366 participants, 3938 (42.05%) were male and 5428 (57.95%) were female. NC had a positive correlation with the visceral adiposity indices, regardless of sex. In all quartiles of NC, in both men and women, as NC values increased, the values of all the fatness indices showed a tendency to increase (all P < 0.001). After full adjustment for demographic variables and metabolic factors, linear regression showed that NC was still associated with the fatness indices for visceral obesity (all P < 0.001). In addition, logistic analysis showed that a larger NC was associated with a higher risk of visceral obesity in both males (OR 32.34, 95% CI 24.02-43.53; P < 0.001) and females (OR 21.43, 95% CI 17.30-26.55; P < 0.001) after adjusting for potential confounding factors. Conclusion: NC can be a supplemental indicator for identifying visceral obesity in the general Chinese population. © 2018 The Author(s).
Effect of maternal lipid levels during late pregnancy on the birth of large for gestational age newborns in a tertiary care setting in southern Sri Lanka; Introduction: Incidence of childhood obesity is increasing worldwide and obesity related comorbidities are also increasing simultaneously in the paediatric population. During pregnancy, growth of the foetus is highly influenced by the in utero environment. It is established that Asians have lower skeletal muscle mass and excess body fat for a given Body Mass Index (BMI). Aim: To determine the associations between aetiologies and the birth of Large for Gestational Age (LGA) babies for the first time in a tertiary care setting in Southern Sri Lanka and to determine whether changes in maternal lipid profile are associated with the birth of LGA babies. Materials and Methods: In the first arm of the study, 149 mothers were interviewed to obtain information on aetiologies and complications associated with birth of LGA babies. In the second arm of the study, 3 mL of blood was collected from 104 mothers and serum total cholesterol, triglycerides and HDL- cholesterol concentration were measured and LDL cholesterol concentration was calculated by the Friedewald equation. Anthropometric parameters of the newborns were measured. Results: There were significantly higher levels (p<0.001) of serum triglycerides and significantly lower levels (p<0.001) of serum HDL in mothers who delivered LGA babies compared to mothers who delivered appropriate for gestational age babies. There were significant correlations between maternal serum triglyceride and HDL level and the birth weight (r=0.529, 0.397), length (r=0.485, 0.358) and head circumference (r=0.228, 0.252) of the newborn respectively. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that high maternal TG and Low HDL levels in late pregnancy are independently and significantly associated with the birth of LGA infants. The results of present study were not significantly different from previously published results on other populations hence this preliminary study suggest that having high body fat in the Sri Lankan population had no significant impact on the birth of LGA infants. © 2018, Journal of Clinical and Diagnostic Research. All rights reserved.
Effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic parameters and apelin in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common causes of infertility in women of reproductive age. Insulin resistance is a main pathophysiologic feature in these patients. According to some studies, the intake of probiotic bacteria may improve glucose homoeostasis. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of synbiotics on metabolic parameters and apelin in PCOS patients. This randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial was conducted on eighty-eight PCOS women aged 19-37 years old. The participants were randomly assigned to two groups receiving (1) synbiotic supplement (n 44), and (2) placebo (n 44) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 12 weeks. The two groups showed no difference in fasting blood sugar (adjusted mean difference: 0·60; 95 % CI -3·80, 5·00, P=0·727), plasma glucose fasting 2-h (adjusted mean difference 2·09; 95 % CI -9·96, 14·15, P=0·134), HbA1c (adjusted mean difference 0·06; 95 % CI -0·09, 0·22, P=0·959), homoeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (adjusted mean difference: 0·02; 95 % CI -0·99, 1·03, P=0·837), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (adjusted mean difference: -0·02; 95 % CI -0·33, 0·29, P=0·940) and C-reactive protein (CRP) (adjusted mean difference: 0·24; 95 % CI -1·61, 2·08, P=0·141) by the end of the intervention. A significant difference was observed in the mean apelin 36 before and after the intervention between synbiotic and placebo groups (adjusted mean difference: -4·05; 95 % CI -7·15, -0·96, P=0·004). A 12-week synbiotic supplementation has no significant beneficial effects on HOMA-IR and CRP in PCOS patients, whereas the level of apelin 36 significantly decreased. © 2018 The Authors.
The role of the thioredoxin/thioredoxin reductase system in the metabolic syndrome: towards a possible prognostic marker?; Mammalian thioredoxin reductase (TrxR) is a selenoprotein with three existing isoenzymes (TrxR1, TrxR2, and TrxR3), which is found primarily intracellularly but also in extracellular fluids. The main substrate thioredoxin (Trx) is similarly found (as Trx1 and Trx2) in various intracellular compartments, in blood plasma, and is the cell’s major disulfide reductase. Thioredoxin reductase is necessary as a NADPH-dependent reducing agent in biochemical reactions involving Trx. Genetic and environmental factors like selenium status influence the activity of TrxR. Research shows that the Trx/TrxR system plays a significant role in the physiology of the adipose tissue, in carbohydrate metabolism, insulin production and sensitivity, blood pressure regulation, inflammation, chemotactic activity of macrophages, and atherogenesis. Based on recent research, it has been reported that the modulation of the Trx/TrxR system may be considered as a new target in the management of the metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes, as well as in the treatment of hypertension and atherosclerosis. In this review evidence about a possible role of this system as a marker of the metabolic syndrome is reported. © 2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.
ANGPTL8: An important regulator in metabolic disorders; Long-term controversy regarding the role of angiopoietin-like protein 8 (ANGPTL8) in beta-cell proliferation and diabetes progression made it a research spotlight. Recently, the controversy was resolved. Although ANGPTL8 could not control beta-cell expansion and islet function, ANGPTL8 was still considered as a novel but atypical member in the ANGPTL family because of its unique structure and crucial effects on lipid metabolism. Besides, ANGPTL8 also participated in some other disorders such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and renal dysfunction. Understanding the features of ANGPTL8 may offer new diagnostic and therapeutic approaches to metabolic-related diseases. Therefore, we reviewed most recent findings about ANGPTL8 and aimed to provide an integrated picture of ANGPTL8. © 2018 Luo and Peng.
Hematopoietic changes in the offspring induced by maternal overweight: Effect on placenta and fetal liver populations; Introduction: Bone marrow cells (BMC) from obese adult mice display an increased apoptosis rate over proliferation. Hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) form all blood cells and are important BMC used in cell therapy. Because it is known that prenatal development can be affected by adverse metabolic epigenetic programming from the maternal organism, this work aimed to investigate the effects of maternal overweight on placenta and fetal liver hematopoietic niches. Methods: Overweight was induced in female mice by overfeeding during lactation. After Swiss females were mated with healthy males, fetuses at 19 dpc (day post conception) and placentas were analyzed. Maternal biometric parameters were compared, and hematopoiesis in the dissociated placenta and fetal liver cells was analyzed by flow cytometry. Placenta morphology and protein content were also studied. Results: The model induced accumulation of adipose tissue, weight gain, and maternal hyperglycemia. Placentas from the overfed group (OG) displayed altered morphology, higher carbohydrate and lipid deposition, and increased protein content of fibronectin and PGC-1α. Cytometric analysis showed that placentas from OG presented a higher percentage of circulating macrophages, endothelial progenitor cells, HSC, and progenitor cells. No difference was detected in the percentage of neutrophil granulocytes and total leukocytes or in the proliferation of total cells, HSC, or total leukocytes. With regard to liver analysis of the OG group, there was a significant increase in circulating macrophages, primitive HSC, and oval cells but no difference in hematopoietic progenitor cells, total leukocytes, or leukocyte or total cell proliferation. Conclusion: Unregulated maternal metabolism can affect hematopoietic populations within the placenta and fetal liver. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Fed-EXosome: extracellular vesicles and cell–cell communication in metabolic regulation; Extracellular vesicles (EVs) have emerged as a novel messaging system of the organism, mediating cell–cell and interorgan communication. Through their content of proteins and nucleic acids, as well as membrane proteins and lipid species, EVs can interact with and modulate the function of their target cells. The regulation of whole-body metabolism requires cross-talk between key metabolic tissues including adipose tissue (AT), the liver and skeletal muscle. Furthermore, the regulation of nutrient/energy allocation during pregnancy requires co-ordinated communication between the foetus and metabolic organs of the mother. A growing body of evidence is suggesting that EVs play a role in communication between and within key metabolic organs, both physiologically during metabolic homoeostasis but also contributing to pathophysiology during metabolic dysregulation observed in metabolic diseases such as obesity and diabetes. As obesity and its associated metabolic complications are reaching epidemic proportions, characterization of EV-mediated communication between key metabolic tissues may offer important insights into the regulation of metabolic functions during disease and offer global therapeutic opportunities. Here, we focus on the role of EVs in metabolic regulation and, in particular, EV-mediated cross-talk between cells of the AT. © 2018 The Author(s).
Maternal vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy affects expression of adipogenic-regulating genes peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) and vitamin D receptor (VDR) in lean male mice offspring; Purpose: Maternal vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy is a widespread issue that may have long-lasting consequences on offspring adiposity. We sought to determine how maternal vitamin D deficiency during the perinatal period would affect offspring adipose tissue development and gene expression. Methods: Female C57BL/6 J mice were fed either a vitamin D deficient (VDD) or control diet from 4 weeks before pregnancy (periconception) until 7 days postparturition. Male offspring were weighed and euthanized at 75 days of age (early adult period), at which point serum was collected for biochemical analyses, and perigonadal and subcutaneous white adipose tissue (PGAT and SQAT, respectively) were excised, weighed, then flash-frozen for later histology and analyses of adipogenic gene expression. Results: All adult male offspring were nonobese; there were no significant differences in body weight, adipose pad weight, or adipocyte size. However, VDD-exposed offspring had greater expression of the adipogenic-regulating genes peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (Pparg) and vitamin D receptor (Vdr). Conclusions: This study suggests that exposure to vitamin D deficiency during the perinatal period can directly affect genes involved in the development of adipose tissue in nonobese offspring. These novel findings invite further investigation into the mechanisms by which maternal vitamin D status during pregnancy affects adipose development and metabolic health of offspring. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
The Effects of Vitamin D Supplementation on Biomarkers of Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in Diabetic Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; In this systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs), the effects of vitamin D supplementation on biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic patients are summarized. The following databases were searched up to December 2017: MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. The quality of the relevant extracted data was assessed according to the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Data were pooled using the inverse variance method and expressed as mean difference with 95% Confidence Intervals (95% CI). Heterogeneity between studies was assessed by the Cochran Q statistic and I-squared tests (I 2). Overall, 33 studies were included in the meta-analyses. Vitamin D supplementation were found to significantly reduce serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (WMD 0.27; 95% CI, - 0.35, - 0.20; p<0.001) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (WMD - 0.43, 95% CI - 0.62, - 0.25, p<0.001) in diabetic patients. In addition, vitamin D supplementation were found to increase markers of nitric oxide (NO) release (WMD 4.33, 95% CI 0.96, 7.70), total serum antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD 57.34, 95% CI 33.48, 81.20, p<0.001) and total glutathione (GSH) levels (WMD 82.59, 95% CI 44.37, 120.81, p<0.001). Overall, this meta-analysis shows that in diabetic patients, taking vitamin D had significant effects on hs-CRP and MDA levels, and significantly increased NO, TAC and GSH levels. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
The relationship between the vitamin serum 25(OH)D and the B12 concentrations in Obese women; BACKGROUND: In obesity, low levels of Vitamin D (VD) and vitamin B12 (VB12) may be the result of different pathophysiological mechanisms, but the possible association between them has not been defined yet. The aim of this cross-sectional analysis was to investigate the possible relationship between serum 25-hydroxyVitamin D (25(OH)D) and VB12 levels in middle aged women. METHODS: In 80 women, we indirectly evaluated body composition and body volumes [extracellular fluid volume (ECV) and total body water (TBW)] by anthropometric and bioelectrical impedance analysis. Vitamin D and VB12 status was assessed by laboratory measurement [serum 25(OH)D levels by electrochemiluminescent immunoassay; VB12 by chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay]. RESULTS: Obese women were mostly VD deficient [25(OH)D below 50 nmol/L; 40/50, 80%]. Also, among obese we observed presence of VB12 deficiency [VB12 below 148 pmol/L; 13/50, 26%) and marginal depletion of VB12 level (marginal VB12 status 148-221 pmol/L; 20/50, 40%). All anthropometric indicators of obesity, ECV and TBW were significantly associated with both, 25(OH)D and VB12 (P<.001) levels. In univariate regression analysis serum level of 25(OH)D was significantly associated with VB12 levels (R2=0.170, P<0.001). In regression models, 25(OH)D was significantly associated with VB12 level, independently of fat mass and extracellular fluid volume. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity may negatively affect VB12 level, indirectly, by reducing 25(OH)D level in middle aged women. © 2017 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA.
Maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic disease and impacts renal health in offspring; Obesity, together with insulin resistance, promotes multiple metabolic abnormalities and is strongly associated with an increased risk of chronic disease including type 2 diabetes (T2D), hypertension, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). The incidence of obesity continues to rise in astronomical proportions throughout the world and affects all the different stages of the lifespan. Importantly, the proportion of women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese is increasing at an alarming rate and has potential ramifications for offspring health and disease risk. Evidence suggests a strong link between the intrauterine environment and disease programming. The current review will describe the importance of the intrauterine environment in the development of metabolic disease, including kidney disease. It will detail the known mechanisms of fetal programming, including the role of epigenetic modulation. The evidence for the role of maternal obesity in the developmental programming of CKD is derived mostly from our rodent models which will be described. The clinical implication of such findings will also be discussed. © 2018 The Author(s).
Serum lipids as an indicator for the alteration of liver function in patients with hepatitis B; Background: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) exerts an intense impact on host lipid metabolism. Hence the aim of present study is to determine metabolic derangement that occurred in subjects suffering from hepatitis B patients. Methods: The fasting blood samples were collected from hepatitis B patients (n = 50) attended in Taluka hospital TandoAdam, Sindh with age and gender matched controls (n = 50). Serum lipid profile and fatty acid (FA) composition were analyzed by micro-lab and gas chromatography. Results: The hepatitis B patients have significantly lower level (p < 0.01) of lipid profile including total cholesterol (TC), triacylglyceride (TAG), high density lipoprotein-C (HDL-C) very low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), and total lipid (TL) in comparison to controls, indicating hypolipidemia in patients. The result of total FA composition of HBV patients in comparison to controls reveal that myristic, palmitic, docosahexaenoic acids were significantly (p < 0.05) higher, while linoleic, eicosatrienoic, arachidonic, eicosapentaenoic acids were lower in HBV patients in comparison to controls. The elongase, Δ5 and Δ6-desaturase enzymes activities were found lower, while Δ9-desaturase activity was higher in hepatitis B patients as compared to controls, which indicates the impaired lipid metabolism. Conclusion: The serum saturated fatty acid (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) were increased while polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) was reduced in both total and free form in hepatitis B patients due to altered activities of enzyme desaturases with impaired PUFA metabolism and non-enzymatic oxidation. © 2018 The Author(s).
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on fasting plasma glucose, insulin resistance and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in non-diabetics: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Increasing epidemiological studies suggest that there is an association between vitamin D deficiency and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Therefore, randomized clinical trials (RCTs) have been performed to observe the effect of vitamin D supplementation on preventing T2DM, decreasing fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and improving insulin resistance to confirm the association between vitamin D and T2DM. However, the results of RCTs on controlling FPG level, improving insulin resistance and preventing T2DM in non-diabetics are inconsistent. In the present study, a systematic meta-analysis considering individual variation and intervention strategy was conducted to establish an objective and definitive conclusion. The results suggested that vitamin D supplementation had no significant effect on controlling FPG level, improving insulin resistance or preventing T2DM in non-diabetics in a pooled meta-analysis of 23 articles (containing 28 RCTs). However, stratified analysis indicated that supplementation of vitamin D had differential effects on FPG control, insulin sensitivity improvement and T2DM prevention in individuals with different baseline states: FPG was decreased for those with BMI <25 (P=0.048) or 20≤ 25(OH)D <30 ng/ml (P=0.002); insulin resistance was improved for those with 25(OH)D ≥30 ng/ml (P=0.021); and risk of T2DM was lower for pre-diabetic individuals (P=0.047) or for those with 25≤ BMI <30 (P=0.032). Additionally, the effect on T2DM prevention was improved when the supplement dose was >2,000 IU/day (P=0.047) and with intervention without calcium (P=0.047). Thus, further trials should focus on individual baselines and the supplementation strategy of vitamin D in the prevention of T2DM. © 2018, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
The effects of synbiotic supplementation on hormonal status, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in subjects with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of synbiotic supplementation on hormonal status, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in subjects with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). This research was done to assess the effects of synbiotic supplementation on hormonal status, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in subjects with PCOS. Methods: This randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted on 60 subjects diagnosed with PCOS according to the Rotterdam criteria. Subjects were randomly assigned into two groups to take either synbiotic (n=30) or placebo (n=30) for 12 weeks. Endocrine, inflammation and oxidative stress biomarkers were quantified at baseline and after the 12-week intervention. Results: After the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation significantly increased serum sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) (changes from baseline in synbiotic group: +19.8±47.3 vs. in placebo group: +0.5±5.4 nmol/L, p=0.01), plasma nitric oxide (NO) (changes from baseline in synbiotic group: +5.5±4.8 vs. in placebo group: +0.3±9.1 μmol/L, p=0.006), and decreased modified Ferriman Gallwey (mF-G) scores (changes from baseline in synbiotic group: -1.3±2.5 vs. in placebo group: -0.1±0.5, p=0.01) and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (changes from baseline in synbiotic group: -950.0±2246.6 vs. in placebo group: +335.3±2466.9 ng/mL, p=0.02). We did not observe any significant effect of synbiotic supplementation on other hormonal status and biomarkers of oxidative stress. Conclusions: Overall, synbiotic supplementation for 12 weeks in PCOS women had beneficial effects on SHBG, mFG scores, hs-CRP and NO levels, but did not affect other hormonal status and biomarkers of oxidative stress. © 2018 The Author(s).
Endoplasmic reticulum stress epigenetics is related to adiposity, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance; Unresolved ER stress is involved in the onset and progression of several obesity-related metabolic disorders, including dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. Different epigenetic modifications may regulate ER stress response and consequently disease risks. These epigenetic phenomena encompass DNA and histone methylation patterns in ER stress genes and downstream signaling molecules, as well as microRNA expression. Our results suggest potential associations of methylation signatures at ER regulatory genes in white blood cells with an abdominal/central obesity marker (waist circumference), dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. Interestingly, most of these genes were implicated in ER stress, as revealed by pathway enrichment analysis. Together, these findings add knowledge into the current understanding of relationships between obesity and accompanying complications with epigenetics and ER stress. Here, we comment about the implication of ER stress in central/abdominal adiposity, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance, with an emphasis on the role that epigenetics may play on these pathological processes. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Fat Quality Index and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in the Sun Project; Objectives: To examine the association between a dietary fat quality index (FQI), and the risk of incident cardiovascular events or deaths in the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort. Design: Longitudinal analysis during 10.1 years of median follow-up. Cox models were used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (HR) of incident cardiovascular diseases (CVD) according to tertiles of FQI and of different fat subtypes. Setting: University of Navarra, Spain. Participants: 19,341 middle-aged adults. Measurements: Fat intake was measured with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. The FQI was calculated according to the ratio: (monounsaturated+polyunsaturated) / (saturated+trans fatty acids). Results: We observed 140 incident cases of CVD. No association was found for FQI (HR=0.94, 95 %CI 0.61–1.47 for the highest vs the lowest tertile, p for trend=0.884). No significant associations were found for different dietary fat subtypes on CVD risk. The results suggest no clear association between a higher FQI and a higher amount of energy from fat and incidence of CVD (p for interaction: 0.259 and p for trend only among participants with a percentage of energy from fat ≥35% of total energy: 0.272). Conclusion: In this Mediterranean cohort, the FQI was not associated with cardiovascular events. A “heart-healthy diet” should focus its attention on dietary fat sources and should use an overall dietary pattern approach, rather than limiting the focus on fat subtypes. More research is needed to validate dietary advice on specific fatty acids intake or saturated fatty acids replacements for reducing CVD risk. © 2018, Serdi and Springer-Verlag France SAS, part of Springer Nature.
Developmental Origins of Health Span and Life Span: A Mini-Review; Background: A vast body of research has demonstrated that disease susceptibility and offspring health can be influenced by perinatal factors, which include both paternal and maternal behavior and environment. Offspring disease risk has the potential to affect the health span and life span of offspring. Key Findings: Various maternal factors, such as environmental toxicant exposure, diet, stress, exercise, age at conception, and longevity have the potential to influence age-associated diseases such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes, and cancer risk in offspring. Paternal factors such as diet, age at conception, and longevity can potentially impact offspring health span and life span-reducing traits as well. Practical Implications: Continued research could go a long way toward defining mechanisms of the developmental origins of life span and health span, and eventually establishing regimens to avoid negative developmental influences and to encourage positive interventions to potentially increase life span and improve health span in offspring. © 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Comparative occurrence of diabetes in canine, feline, and few wild animals and their association with pancreatic diseases and ketoacidosis with therapeutic approach; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic metabolic disorder in which blood glucose level raises that can result in severe complications. However, the incidence increased mostly by obesity, pregnancy, persistent corpus luteum, and diestrus phase in humans and animals. This review has focused on addressing the possible understanding and pathogenesis of spontaneous DM in canine, feline, and few wild animals. Furthermore, pancreatic associated disorders, diabetic ketoacidosis, hormonal and drug interaction with diabetes, and herbal remedies associated with DM are elucidated. Bibliographic search for the present review was done using PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar for articles on concurrent DM in small and wild animals. Persistent corpus luteal and pseudopregnancy in female dogs generate gestational DM (GDM). GDM can also be caused by extensive use of drugs/hormones such as glucocorticosteroids. Although many similarities are present between diabetic cats and diabetic humans which present islet amyloidosis, there was a progressive loss of β- and α-cells and the normal number of δ-cells. The most prominent similarity is the occurrence of islet amyloidosis in all cases of diabetic cat and over 90% of human non-insulin dependent DM Type-2. Acute pancreatic necrosis (APN) occurs due to predisposing factors such as insulin antagonism, insulin resistance, alteration in glucose tolerance, obesity, hyperadrenocorticism, and persistent usage of glucocorticoids, as these play a vital role in the progression of APN. To manage such conditions, it is important to deal with the etiological agent, risk factors, diagnosis of diabetes, and hormonal and drug interaction along with its termination with suitable therapy (herbal) protocols. It should be noted that the protocols used for the diagnosis and treatment of human DM are not appropriate for animals. Further investigations regarding diabetic conditions of pets and wild animals are required, which will benefit the health status of all animals health worldwide. © Niaz, et al.
Marine omega-3 fatty acids, complications of pregnancy and maternal risk factors for offspring cardio-metabolic disease; Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are important nutrients during periods of rapid growth and development in utero and infancy. Maternal health and risk factors play a crucial role in birth outcomes and subsequently offspring cardio-metabolic health. Evidence from observational studies and randomized trials have suggested a potential association of maternal intake of marine n-3 PUFAs during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. However, there is inconsistency in the literature on whether marine n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy can prevent maternal complications of pregnancy. This narrative literature review summarizes recent evidence on observational and clinical trials of marine n-3 PUFA intake on maternal risk factors and effects on offspring cardio-metabolic health. The current evidence generally does not support a role of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation in altering the incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or pre-eclampsia. It may be that benefits from marine n-3 PUFA supplementation are more pronounced in high-risk populations, such as women with a history of complications of pregnancy, or women with low marine n-3 PUFA intake. Discrepancies between studies may be related to differences in study design, dosage, fatty acid interplay, and length of treatment. Further prospective double-blind studies are needed to clarify the impact of long-chain marine n-3 PUFAs on risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease in the offspring. © 2018 by the authors.
Alcohol-induced hepatic steatosis: A comparative study to identify possible indicator(s) of alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background. Fatty liver is an early sign of both nonalcoholic and alcoholic fatty liver diseases. Ethanol feeding using a Lieber-DeCarli liquid diet (LD) model which contains 35% fat to rats or mice is a well-established model for alcoholic fatty liver. However, LD diet alone can also induce fatty liver and its differential metabolic profile may be able to differentiate steatosis induced by LD versus LD plus ethanol. Purpose. We investigated the lipidomic differences in the livers of Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats fed a pellet diet (PD), LD, and liquid ethanol diet (LED) for six weeks. Study design. Male Sprague Dawley rats were fed with nonalcoholic diets PD, LD or LED (ethanol in LD) for six weeks. Lipids were extracted and analyzed by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)-based metabolomics. The NMR data obtained was analyzed by multivariate principal component analysis (PCA) and Spotfire DecisionSite 9.0 software to compare PD versus LD and LD versus LED groups. Results. PCA of the NMR spectral data of livers of both comparisons showed a clear separation of PD from LD group and LD from LED group indicating differences in lipid profiles which corresponded with changes in total lipid weights. LD showed increases for cholesterol, esterified cholesterol, cholesterol acetate, and triglycerides with decreases for fatty acyl chain, diallylic, and allylic protons, while the LED showed increases in esterified cholesterol, cholesterol acetate, fatty acid methyl esters, allylic protons, and some triglyceride protons with decreases in free cholesterol and phosphatidylcholine (PC). Conclusion. Our data suggest that altered lipid signature or PC levels could be an indicator to differentiate between nonalcoholic versus alcoholic fatty liver. © 2018 Harshica Fernando et al.
TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus, a pilot study; Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) variants are known risk factors of type 2 diabetes (T2DM).However, this association is not consistent among different populations. The current study aimed at investigating the relationship between rs 7903146, rs 12255372 variants of TCF7L2 and susceptibility to T2DM and different metabolic parameters in a cohort of Egyptian type 2 diabetic patients. This case control study included 60 diabetic patients and 60 matched unrelated healthy controls. Genotyping was performed by using Real Time-PCR. The frequency of genotypes, alleles, anthropometric measures, glycemic indices, HOMA-IR and lipid profile were evaluated in patients and control. Regarding rs 7903146, TT genotype was more frequent in healthy controls (43.3%) than diabetic patients (20%) (OR = 0.291, 95% CI = 0.108-0.788, P = 0.015). T allele was more frequent in healthy control (61.7%) than diabetic patients (44.2%) and it was associated with lower risk of diabetes (OR = 0.492, 95% CI = 0.294-0.823, P = 0.007).However, there was no significant difference between patients with CC, CT and TT genotypes of rs7903146 regarding HbA1C (p=0.549), HOMA-IR (p=0.359), total cholesterol (p=0.482). In contrast, T allele of rs12255372 had no significant relation to diabetes risk (OR = 0.602, 95% CI = 0.361-1.005, P = 0.052). There was no statistically significant difference of frequency of any rs12255372 genotypes between cases and controls In addition, patients with GG,GT, TT genotypes of rs12255372 had no significant difference regarding HbA1C (p=0.393), HOMA-IR (p=0.985), total cholesterol (p=0.368). The study confirmed the association of TCF7L2 (rs 7903146) and T2DM, while failed to detect any association between TCF7L2 (rs 12255372) and susceptibility to T2DM. No significant difference in respect to metabolic parameters between different genotypes of rs7930146 and rs12255372. © 2018 Oriental Scientific Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Investigation into complementary and integrative medicine practitioners' clinical experience of intestinal permeability: A cross-sectional survey; Background: This study aims to explore the conditions complementary and integrative medicine (CIM) practitioners associate with increased intestinal permeability (IP) and the methods they employ to assess IP. Methods: A cross-sectional survey of naturopaths, nutritionists and Western herbal medicine practitioners was undertaken (n = 227) through the Practitioner Research and Collaboration Initiative (PRACI) network. Results: CIM practitioners (n = 36, response rate 15.9%) associate IP with gastrointestinal (100.0%), autoimmune (91.7%), skin (91.7%), neurological (80.6%), respiratory (55.6%) and liver-related conditions (44.4%). CIM practitioners frequently treat IP (72.7%); observing a minimum 3 months of treatment is required to resolve IP. Patient's signs and symptoms were the main reasons CIM practitioners suspected IP (94.1%). Conclusion: CIM practitioners observe a clinical link between IP and a wide range of conditions, including those not yet recognised within the literature. The clinical experience of CIM practitioners holds substantial value to the advancement of research and the clinical management of IP. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Serum levels of angiopoietin-like protein 4 in polycystic ovary syndrome women with normal body mass index; Introduction: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex endocrine disorder in women, and approximately 75% of women affected by PCOS are overweight. Angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is a potent inhibitor of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) enzyme. This protein is a determinant of plasma concentration and clearance of triglyceride. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the serum levels of ANGPTL4 in PCOS women with normal body mass index (BMI). Methods: A case-control study of 47 women visiting Abolfazle Clinic, affiliated to Bushehr University of Medical Sciences, was performed during 2015-2016. In this study, 25 PCOS women were assigned to the case group through simple non-probable sampling based on the Rotterdam 2003 criteria. Further, 22 healthy women were selected for the control group. Serum levels of all hormones were measured by the ELISA technique, and biochemical parameters were evaluated by an autoanalyser. The obtained data were analyzed using independent samples t-test, Mann-Whitney U test, and linear regression test in SPSS, version 16. P-values less than 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: The results of this study showed a significant increase in LH (P=0.003), LH/FSH (P= 0.007), FBS (P= 0.03), testosterone (P= 0.02), and prolactin (P= 0.005) levels in the case group. There was no significant difference in the levels of ANGPTL4, insulin, HOMA-IR, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), HDL, HOMA-B, and creatinine between the groups. There was a significant negative correlation between serum level of ANGPTL4 and insulin logarithm (P=0.002), FBS (P=0.006), HOMA-IR logarithm (P=0.001), and BMI (P=0.03), but no correlation was found between ANGPTL4 and lipid parameters Conclusion: We found no significant difference between the PCOS women with normal BMI and the controls regarding serum levels of ANGPTL4. © 2018, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D in pediatric age: Consensus of the Italian Pediatric Society and the Italian Society of Preventive and Social Pediatrics, jointly with the Italian Federation of Pediatricians; Vitamin D plays a pivotal role in the regulation of calcium-phosphorus metabolism, particularly during pediatric age when nutritional rickets and impaired bone mass acquisition may occur. Besides its historical skeletal functions, in the last years it has been demonstrated that vitamin D directly or indirectly regulates up to 1250 genes, playing so-called extraskeletal actions. Indeed, recent data suggest a possible role of vitamin D in the pathogenesis of several pathological conditions, including infectious, allergic and autoimmune diseases. Thus, vitamin D deficiency may affect not only musculoskeletal health but also a potentially wide range of acute and chronic conditions. At present, the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is high in Italian children and adolescents, and national recommendations on vitamin D supplementation during pediatric age are lacking. An expert panel of the Italian Society of Preventive and Social Pediatrics reviewed available literature focusing on randomized controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation to provide a practical approach to vitamin D supplementation for infants, children and adolescents. © 2018 The Author(s).
Extracellular vesicles in obesity and diabetes mellitus; Cell-to-cell communication happens via diverse mechanisms including the synthesis, release and transfer to target cells of extracellular vesicles (EVs). EVs include nanovesicles (i.e., exosomes) and microvesicles, including apoptotic bodies. The amount and cargo of released EVs, which consist of microRNAs (miRNAs), mRNA, proteins, DNA, among other molecules, are altered in obesity and diabetes mellitus. EVs from these diseases show with altered cargo including several miRNAs and the enrichment with molecules involved in inflammation, immune efficiency, and cell activation. The role of EVs in obesity regards with adipocytes-released vesicles that may end in a systemic insulin resistance. In diabetes mellitus, the exosomes cargo may signal to transform a normal phenotype into a diabetic phenotype in endothelial cells. The evidence of EVs as modulators of cell function is increasing; however, it is still unclear whether exosomes or microvesicles are a trustable and useful marker for the diagnose or early detection of obesity or diabetes mellitus. In this review, we summarise the reported information regarding EVs involvement in obesity, T1 and T2 diabetes mellitus, and gestational diabetes mellitus. We emphasise the fact that studies addressing a potential effect of obesity or diabetes mellitus on cell function and the severity of the diseases are done in patients suffering simultaneously with both of these diseases, i.e., diabesity. Unfortunately, the lack of information regarding the biological effects and the potential involved mechanisms makes difficult to understand the role of the EVs as a marker of these and perhaps other diseases. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Brief report of the effects of the aerobic, resistance, and high-intensity interval training in type 2 diabetes mellitus individuals; Insulin resistance is the main feature in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Insulin resistance occurs when there is a failure or reduced activation of phosphoidilinositol-3-kinase pathway. Physical exercise (PE) can prevent and fight insulin resistance. Resistance training (RT), aerobic training (AT), and high-intensity interval training (HIIT) are different types of PE and have the ability to produce increased phosphorylation of insulin receptors favoring the increasing of the activity of insulin pathways during and after physical activity. The objective of this study was to check through a literature review the benefits of AT, RT, and HIIT over insulin resistance in T2DM. It was made a research in PubMed using the words PE, insulin resistance, diabetes, AT, RT, and HIIT. The most relevant papers with results over glycemia were selected. There was better glycemia management in moderate AT and RT, and during HIIT sessions. HIIT presented increased cardiovascular risks to T2DM individuals. Lower risks with more benefits were seen at moderate AT. All three types of PE can be performed as a tool to prevent and fight insulin resistance in T2DM. When evaluating safety and benefits to diabetics, moderate AT provides best benefits than RT and HIIT to T2DM individuals. © 2017, Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Effect of maternal high-fat diet on key components of the placental and hepatic endocannabinoid system; Maternal obesity in pregnancy has been linked to a spectrum of adverse developmental changes. Involvement of eCBs in obesity is well characterized. However, information regarding eCB physiology in obesity associated with pregnancy is sparse. This study evaluated fetomaternal hepatic, systemic, and placental eCB molecular changes in response to maternal consumption of a HFD. From ≥9 mo before conception, nonpregnant baboons (Papio spp.) were fed a diet of either 45 (HFD; n = 11) or 12% fat or a control diet (CTR; n = 11), and dietary intervention continued through pregnancy. Maternal and fetal venous plasma samples were evaluated using liquid chromatography- mass spectrometry to quantify AEA and 2-AG. Placental, maternal and fetal hepatic tissues were analyzed using RT-PCR, Western blot, and immunohistochemistry. mRNA and protein expression of endocannabinoid receptors (CB1R and CB2R), FAAH, DAGL, MAGL, and COX-2 were determined. Statistical analyses were performed with the nonparametric Scheirer-Ray-Hare extension of the Kruskal-Wallis test to analyze the effects of diet (HFD vs. CTR), fetal sex (male vs. female), and the diet × sex interaction. Fetal weight was influenced by fetal sex but not by maternal diet. The increase in maternal weight in animals fed the HFD vs. the CTR diet approached significance (P = 0.055). Maternal circulating 2-AG concentrations increased, and fetal circulating concentrations decreased in the HFD group, independently of fetal sex. CB1R receptor expression was detected in syncytiotrophoblasts (HFD) and the fetal endothelium (CTR and HFD). Placental CB2R protein expression was higher in males and lower in female fetuses in the HFD group. Fetal hepatic CB2R, FAAH, COX-2 (for both fetal sexes), and DAGLα (in male fetuses) protein expression decreased in the HFD group compared with the CTR group. We conclude that consumption of a HFD during pregnancy results in fetal systemic 2-AG and hepatic eCB deficiency. © 2018 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Fructose and sugar: A major mediator of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome; its rising prevalence parallels the rise in obesity and diabetes. Historically thought to result from overnutrition and a sedentary lifestyle, recent evidence suggests that diets high in sugar (from sucrose and/or high-fructose corn syrup [HFCS]) not only increase the risk of NAFLD, but also non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Herein, we review the experimental and clinical evidence that fructose precipitates fat accumulation in the liver, due to both increased lipogenesis and impaired fat oxidation. Recent evidence suggests that the predisposition to fatty liver is linked to the metabolism of fructose by fructokinase C, which results in ATP consumption, nucleotide turnover and uric acid generation that mediate fat accumulation. Alterations to gut permeability, the microbiome, and associated endotoxemia contribute to the risk of NAFLD and NASH. Early clinical studies suggest that reducing sugary beverages and total fructose intake, especially from added sugars, may have a significant benefit on reducing hepatic fat accumulation. We suggest larger, more definitive trials to determine if lowering sugar/HFCS intake, and/or blocking uric acid generation, may help reduce NAFLD and its downstream complications of cirrhosis and chronic liver disease. © 2018 European Association for the Study of the Liver
The destiny of glucose from a MicroRNA perspective; Glucose serves as a primary, and for some tissues the unique, fuel source in order to generate and maintain the biological functions. Hyperglycemia is a hallmark of type 2 diabetes and is the direct consequence of perturbations in the glucose homeostasis. Insulin resistance, referred to as a reduced response of target tissues to the hormone, contributes to the development of hyperglycemia. The molecular mechanisms responsible for the altered glucose homeostasis are numerous and not completely understood. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are now recognized as regulators of the lipid and glucose metabolism and are involved in the onset of metabolic diseases. Indeed, these small non-coding RNA molecules operate in the RNA silencing and posttranscriptional regulation of gene expression and may modulate the levels of kinases and enzymes in the glucose metabolism. Therefore, a better characterization of the function of miRNAs and a deeper understanding of their role in disease may represent a fundamental step toward innovative treatments addressing the causes, not only the symptoms, of hyperglycemia, using approaches aimed at restoring either miRNAs or their specific targets. In this review, we outline the current understanding regarding the impact of miRNAs in the glucose metabolism and highlight the need for further research focused on altered key kinases and enzymes in metabolic diseases. © 2018 Mirra, Nigro, Prevenzano, Leone, Raciti, Formisano, Beguinot and Miele.
Sex and gender differences in prevention of type 2 diabetes; Lifestyle intervention programs are effective in the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in high risk populations. However, most studies only give limited information about the influence of sex and/or gender effectiveness of these interventions. So far, similar outcome was reported for diabetes progression and weight loss. Nevertheless, long-term data on cardiovascular outcome are sparse but favoring women regarding all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. In both men and women, sex hormone imbalances and reproductive disorders are associated with a higher risk of T2DM development. Diabetes prevention approaches are reported for polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and erectile dysfunction and are presented in this review. In the surgical treatment options for morbid obese patients, sex and gender differences are present. Choices and preferences of adherence to lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, expectations, treatment effects, and complications are influenced by sex or gender. In general, bariatric surgery is performed more often in women seeking medical/surgical help to lose weight. Men are older and have higher comorbidities and mortality rates and worse follow-up outcome after bariatric surgery. A more gender-sensitive clinical approach, as well as consideration of ethnicity may improve quality of life and increase health and life expectancy in men and women with a high risk for subsequent progression to T2DM. © 2018 Harreiter and Kautzky-Willer.
Maternal high fat diet and its consequence on the gut microbiome: A rat model; The biological changes that occur during pregnancy in the female mammal include shifts in hormonal regulation in preparation for parturition and lactation, and changes in energy metabolism. In women, studies have also shown that during pregnancy there is a reduction in bacterial species richness in the gut. In the current experiment rats were used to model the interaction of diet, reproductive status, and intestinal bacterial microbiota during pregnancy and lactation. In Experiment 1 rats were exposed to either standard chow or high-fat chow (60%) and were divided into two groups: unmated (NULL) or mated (RE). In Experiment 2, both NULL and RE rats were exposed to high-fat chow for a 30-day period. High-throughput sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene revealed that pregnancy impacted the gut microbiota in a similar manner to humans. The impact of reproductive status on microbiota composition, however, was stronger in rats fed a high-fat (HF) diet. Diet-induced changes replicated some of the changes observed in humans, such as increasing the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio. However, in contrast to humans, pregnancy in rats did not increase β-diversity between microbiota from different animals. These results indicate that during pregnancy in rats, the gut microbiota is altered in a similar manner to that which occurs in women, and that these changes are further exaggerated by exposure to a HF diet. Thus, the rat may allow modelling the effects of consumption of HF food during pregnancy and enable future studies to determine the risks of HF diets during pregnancy and its consequences on the offspring. © 2018 Taylor & Francis.
Nocturnal activation of melatonin receptor type 1 signaling modulates diurnal insulin sensitivity via regulation of PI3K activity; Recent genetic studies have highlighted the potential involvement of melatonin receptor 1 (MT1) and melatonin receptor 2 (MT2) in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Here, we report that mice lacking MT1 (MT1 KO) tend to accumulate more fat mass than WT mice and exhibit marked systemic insulin resistance. Additional experiments revealed that the main insulin signaling pathway affected by the loss of MT1 was the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K). Transcripts of both catalytic and regulatory subunits of PI3K were strongly downregulated within MT1 KO mice. Moreover, the suppression of nocturnal melatonin levels within WT mice, by exposing mice to constant light, resulted in impaired PI3K activity and insulin resistance during the day, similar to what was observed in MT1 KO mice. Inversely, administration of melatonin to WT mice exposed to constant light was sufficient and necessary to restore insulin-mediated PI3K activity and insulin sensitivity. Hence, our data demonstrate that the activation of MT1 signaling at night modulates insulin sensitivity during the day via the regulation of the PI3K transcription and activity. Lastly, we provide evidence that decreased expression of MTNR1A (MT1) in the liver of diabetic individuals is associated with poorly controlled diabetes. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Carbohydrate quality and quantity affects the composition of the red blood cell fatty acid membrane in overweight and obese individuals; Background: Cell membrane fatty acid (FA) composition may play a role in human metabolic diseases. However, the modulatory effect of nutrients other than fat is poorly explored. Objective: To investigate the effect of moderate-carbohydrate diets with different glycemic indices (GI) and a low-fat diet (LF) on red blood cell (RBC) FA membrane composition. Design: The RBC FA profile was measured in 87 subjects from the GLYNDIET study. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the following energy-restricted diet for 6 months: moderate-carbohydrate/low-GI diet (LGI, n = 31), moderate-carbohydrate/high-GI diet (HGI, n = 30) or LF-diet (n = 26). Results: We observed a significant increase in C20:0 and decrease in C20:3n-6 in the LGI and HGI groups compared to LF group. Compared to LF-diet, C22:4n-6 was lower after the HGI while C22:6n-3 was higher after LGI diet. Also, a tendency was found for higher concentrations of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA) in LGI compared to HGI and LF groups. The intra-group analysis showed significantly increased levels of total monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) after LGI and HGI interventions, as well as a significant increase in C22:5n-6 and a decrease in LCn-3PUFA and omega-3-index after the LF diet. The decrease in C20:5n-3 after HGI and LF diets was also significant. Conclusion: Diets with a moderate amount of carbohydrates and healthy fat, mainly with LGI, modify the RBC fatty acid membrane composition. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Role of exosome-associated microRNA in diagnostic and therapeutic applications to metabolic disorders; Metabolic disorders are classified clinically as a complex and varied group of diseases including metabolic syndrome, obesity, and diabetes mellitus. Fat toxicity, chronic inflammation, and oxidative stress, which may change cellular functions, are considered to play an essential role in the pathogenetic progress of metabolic disorders. Recent studies have found that cells secrete nanoscale vesicles containing proteins, lipids, nucleic acids, and membrane receptors, which mediate signal transduction and material transport to neighboring and distant cells. Exosomes, one type of such vesicles, are reported to participate in multiple pathological processes including tumor metastasis, atherosclerosis, chronic inflammation, and insulin resistance. Research on exosomes has focused mainly on the proteins they contain, but recently the function of exosome-associated microRNA has drawn a lot of attention. Exosomeassociated microRNAs regulate the physiological function and pathological processes of metabolic disorders. They may also be useful as novel diagnostics and therapeutics given their special features of non-immunogenicity and quick extraction. In this paper, we summarize the structure, content, and functions of exosomes and the potential diagnostic and therapeutic applications of exosome-associated microRNAs in the treatment of metabolic disorders. © 2018, Zhejiang University and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Heart disease and stroke statistics - 2018 update: A report from the American Heart Association;                              Each year, the American Heart Association (AHA), in conjunction with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Institutes of Health, and other government agencies, brings together in a single document the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and the cardiovascular risk factors listed in the AHA's My Life Check - Life's Simple 7 (Figure                             1                             ), which include core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure [BP], and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policy makers, media professionals, clinicians, healthcare administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and stroke produce immense health and economic burdens in the United States and globally. The Update also presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease [CHD], heart failure [HF], valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). Since 2007, the annual versions of the Statistical Update have been cited >20 000 times in the literature. From January to July 2017 alone, the 2017 Statistical Update was accessed >106 500 times. Each annual version of the Statistical Update undergoes revisions to include the newest nationally representative data, add additional relevant published scientific findings, remove older information, add new sections or chapters, and increase the number of ways to access and use the assembled information. This year-long process, which begins as soon as the previous Statistical Update is published, is performed by the AHA Statistics Committee faculty volunteers and staff and government agency partners. This year's edition includes new data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population, new metrics to assess and monitor healthy diets, new information on stroke in young adults, an enhanced focus on underserved and minority populations, a substantively expanded focus on the global burden of CVD, and further evidence-based approaches to changing behaviors, implementation strategies, and implications of the AHA's 2020 Impact Goals. Below are a few highlights from this year's Update.                          © 2018 American Heart Association, Inc.
The brown-fat-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 is decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: Neuregulin 4 has recently been recognized as a novel adipokine secreted by brown adipose tissue (BAT), with beneficial effects on murine insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. Yet, thus far, neither regulation of neuregulin 4 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) nor its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period have been elucidated. Methods: Circulating neuregulin 4 levels were measured by ELISA in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy, gestational-age-matched controls. Also, neuregulin 4 was quantified during pregnancy and compared with postpartum levels in a follow-up study of 25 women with previous GDM and 25 healthy control women. Results: Women with GDM had lower median serum levels of the novel BAT-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 (3.0 μg/L) compared with healthy (non-GDM) pregnant controls (3.5 μg/L; P = 0.020), and the area under the glucose curve (AUCGlucose) was an independent and negative predictor of circulating neuregulin 4 (P = 0.033). Also, median postpartum serum concentrations of neuregulin 4 (3.2 μg/L) were not significantly different from prepartum levels (2.8 μg/L; P = 0.328). In addition, neuregulin 4 was positively and independently associated with irisin (P = 0.009), but not other BAT-secreted adipokines. Conclusion/interpretation: Women with GDM have significantly lower circulating neuregulin 4 levels compared with healthy pregnant controls, and the AUCGlucose is negatively and independently associated with neuregulin 4 during pregnancy. Neuregulin 4 is positively correlated with irisin during pregnancy, as well as in a longitudinal fashion. Future studies are now needed to better elucidate the precise pathomechanisms of the regulation of BAT-secreted adipokines during pregnancy. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Fatty liver index is a predictor of incident diabetes in patients with prediabetes: The PREDAPS study; Objectives We evaluated the ability of the Fatty Liver Index (FLI), a surrogate marker of hepatic steatosis, to predict the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D) at 3 years follow-up in a Spanish cohort with prediabetes from a prospective observational study in primary care (PREDAPS). Methods FLI was calculated at baseline for 1,142 adult subjects with prediabetes attending primary care centers, and classified into three categories: FLI <30 (no steatosis), FLI 30–60 (intermediate) and FLI 60 (hepatic steatosis). We estimated the incidence rate of T2D in each FLI category at 3 years of follow-up. The association between FLI and incident T2D was calculated using Cox regression models adjusted for age, sex, educational level, family history of diabetes, lifestyles, hypertension, lipid profile and transaminases. Results The proportion of subjects with prediabetes and hepatic steatosis (FLI 60) at baseline was 55.7%. The incidence rate of T2D at 3 years follow-up was 1.3, 2.9 and 6.0 per 100 person-years for FLI<30, FLI 30->60 and FLI 60, respectively. The most significant variables increasing the risk of developing T2D were metabolic syndrome (hazard ratio [HR] = 3.02; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.14–4.26) and FLI 60 (HR = 4.52; 95%CI = 2.10–9.72). Moreover, FLI 60 was independently associated with T2D incidence: the HR was 4.97 (95% CI: 2.28–10.80) in the base regression model adjusted by sex, age and educational level, and 3.21 (95%CI: 1.45–7.09) in the fully adjusted model. Conclusions FLI may be considered an easy and valuable early indicator of high risk of incident T2D in patients with prediabetes attended in primary care, which could allow the adoption of effective measures needed to prevent and reduce the progression of the disease. © 2018 Franch-Nadal et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring; Since 1980, global obesity has doubled, and the incidence of cardiometabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease is also increasing. While genetic susceptibility and adult lifestyle are implicated in these trends, evidence from clinical cohorts, epidemiological studies and animal model experiments support a role for early-life environmental exposures in determining the long-term health of an individual, which has led to the formulation of the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. In fact, maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which are on the rise, are strongly associated with altered fetal growth and development as well as with lifelong perturbations in metabolic tissues. A mounting body of evidence implicates epigenetic mechanisms (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) in the regulation of these effects and their transmission to future generations. This review critically discusses the current evidence (in animal model systems and humans) that implicates maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy in perturbing the epigenome of the next generation, and the consequential impact on growth, organ development and ultimately cardiometabolic disease progression. Additionally, this review will address some of the limitations of the DOHaD approach and areas that require further study. For example, future research requires verification of the mechanistic impact of the epigenetic marks and their persistence over the life course. Ultimately, this knowledge is needed to establish optimal screening, prevention and therapeutic approaches for children at risk of cardiometabolic disease development. © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Prepregnancy liver enzyme levels and risk of preeclampsia in a subsequent pregnancy: A population-based cohort study; Background & Aims: Preeclampsia is a serious multisystemic disorder leading to maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes. However, little is known about the early markers of this disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between prepregnancy liver function and the development of preeclampsia. Methods: We enrolled 192 571 Korean women who had their first delivery between January 1, 2008, and December 31, 2014, and had undergone a national health screening examination through the National Health Insurance Corporation during 1-2 years before delivery. Results: Preeclampsia developed in 3973 (2.0%) women. The rate of development of preeclampsia was higher in women with abnormal prepregnancy liver enzyme levels than in those with normal liver enzyme levels before pregnancy. On multivariate analysis, women with abnormal alanine aminotransferase level before pregnancy had a 1.21-fold increased risk of developing preeclampsia than those with normal alanine aminotransferase level before pregnancy, after adjusting for age, family history of hypertension, hepatitis B virus carrier status, smoking, alcohol status, prepregnancy body mass index and blood pressure. Prepregnancy γ-glutamyltransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels were not associated with the risk of preeclampsia development. Conclusion: Abnormal prepregnancy alanine aminotransferase level was associated with the development of preeclampsia in a subsequent pregnancy. Further studies are needed to evaluate whether early intervention for liver function before pregnancy can decrease the risk of preeclampsia. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Sex-dependent changes in lipid metabolism, PPAR pathways and microRNAs that target PPARs in the fetal liver of rats with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent disease that impairs fetal metabolism and development. We have previously characterized a rat model of GDM induced by developmental programming. Here, we analyzed lipid content, the levels of the three PPAR isotypes and the expression of microRNAs that regulate PPARs expression in the liver of male and female fetuses of control and GDM rats on day 21 of pregnancy. We found increased levels of triglycerides and cholesterol in the livers of male fetuses of GDM rats compared to controls, and, oppositely, reduced levels of triglycerides, cholesterol, phospholipids and free fatty acids in the livers of female fetuses of GDM rats compared to controls. Although GDM did not change PPARα levels in male and female fetal livers, PPARγ was increased in the liver of male fetuses of GDM rats, a change that occurred in parallel to a reduction in the expression of miR-130, a microRNA that targets PPARγ. In livers of female fetuses of GDM rats, no changes in PPARγ and miR-130 were evidenced, but PPARδ was increased, a change that occurred in parallel to a reduction in the expression of miR-9, a microRNA that targets PPARδ and was unchanged in the liver of male fetuses of GDM and control rats. These results show clear sex-dependent changes in microRNAs that target different PPAR isotypes in relation to changes in the levels of their targets and the differential regulation of lipid metabolism evidenced in fetal livers of GDM pregnancies. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Sex-specific association between metabolic abnormalities and elevated alanine aminotransferase levels in a military cohort: The CHIEF study; The association of metabolic syndrome (MetS) components with elevated serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels, a marker of hepatic injury, may differ between men and women. However, the sex-specific association in a military young population which has a low prevalence of MetS was unclear. We conducted a cross-sectional examination in 6738 men and 766 women, aged 18–50 years, from the cardiorespiratory fitness study in armed forces (CHIEF) in eastern Taiwan. The components of MetS were defined according to the updated International Diabetes Federation (IDF) ethnic criteria for Asians. Elevated ALT levels were defined as ≥40 U/L for both sexes and ≥30 U/L for women alternatively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to determine the sex-specific association between MetS components and elevated ALT. The prevalence of MetS and elevated ALT in men were 11.9% and 12.7% respectively, and in women were 3.5%, and 3.8% respectively. In men, high-density lipoprotein < 40 mg/dL, blood pressures ≥ 130/85 mmHg, serum triglycerides ≥ 150 mg/dL, and waist size ≥ 90 cm were associated with elevated ALT (odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals: 1.59 (1.34–1.90), 1.40 (1.19–1.65), 2.00 (1.68–2.39), and 1.68 (1.38–2.04); all p < 0.001); whereas in women, only fasting plasma glucose ≥ 100 mg/dL was associated with elevated ALT ≥ 40 U/L (OR: 7.59 (2.35–24.51), p = 0.001) and ALT ≥ 30 U/L (2.67 (0.89–7.95), p = 0.08). Our findings suggest that the relationship between metabolic abnormalities and elevated ALT may differ by sex, possibly due to the MetS more prevalent in young adult men than in women. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Investigation of LEP and LEPR polymorphisms with the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: A case–control study in Eastern Chinese han population; Background: Leptin (LEP) and LEP receptor (LEPR) polymorphisms may be associated with the development of cancer. Methods: In this study, we selected five functional LEP and LEPR single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and conducted a case–control study to determine the relationship of LEP and LEPR polymorphisms with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) risk in Eastern Chinese Han population. There were 584 HCC cases and 923 cancer-free controls included in our study. HCC patients and controls were fully matched by age and sex. SNPscan™ genotyping method was used to analyze the genotyping of LEP rs2167270 G>A, rs7799039 A>G, LEPR rs6588147 G>A, rs1137100 G>A, and rs1137101 G>A SNPs. Results: We found that LEP rs7799039 A>Gand rs2167270 G>A polymorphisms were associated with the susceptibility of HCC in this population (LEP rs7799039 A>G: GG vs AA: adjusted odds ratio [OR]=2.03, 95% CI, 1.22–3.38, P=0.006 and GG vs AA/AG: adjusted OR=1.97, 95% CI, 1.20–3.22, P=0.007; rs2167270 G>A: AA vs GG: adjusted OR=2.03, 95% CI, 1.10–3.75, P=0.024 and AA vs GG/GA: adjusted OR=2.01, 95% CI, 1.10–3.68, P=0.023). However, LEPR rs6588147 G>A polymorphism decreased the risk of HCC (GA vs GG: adjusted OR=0.62, 95% CI, 0.45–0.86, P=0.005 and AA/GA vs GG: adjusted OR=0.64, 95% CI, 0.47–0.88, P=0.007). Conclusion: This case–control study highlights that LEP rs7799039 A.>Gand rs2167270 G>A polymorphisms increase the susceptibility to HCC; however, LEPR rs6588147 G>A polymorphism may be a protective factor for HCC in Eastern Chinese Han population. © 2018 Zhang et al.
nAChRs-ERK1/2-Egr-1 signaling participates in the developmental toxicity of nicotine by epigenetically down-regulating placental 11β-HSD2; Impaired placental 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11β-HSD2) activity which inactivates maternal glucocorticoids is associated with poor fetal growth and a higher risk of chronic diseases in adulthood. This study aimed to elucidate the epigenetically regulatory mechanism of nicotine on placental 11β-HSD2 expression. Pregnant Wistar rats were administered 1.0 mg/kg nicotine subcutaneously twice a day from gestational day 9 to 20. The results showed that prenatal nicotine exposure increased corticosterone levels in the placenta and fetal serum, disrupted placental morphology and endocrine function, and reduced fetal bodyweight. Meanwhile, histone modification abnormalities (decreased acetylation and increased di-methylation of histone 3 Lysine 9) on the HSD11B2 promoter and lower-expression of 11β-HSD2 were observed. Furthermore, the expression of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) α4/β2, the phosphorylation of extracellular regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) and Ets-like protein-1 (Elk-1), and the expression of early growth response-1 (Egr-1) were increased in the nicotine groups. In human BeWo cells, nicotine decreased 11β-HSD2 expression, increased nAChRα9 expression, and activated ERK1/2/Elk-1/Egr-1 signaling in the concentration (0.1–10 μM)-dependent manner. Antagonism of nAChRs, inhibition of ERK1/2 and Egr-1 knockdown by siRNA were able to block/abrogate the effects of nicotine on histone modification and expression of 11β-HSD2. Taken together, nicotine can impair placental structure and function, and induce fetal developmental toxicity. The underlying mechanism involves histone modifications and down-regulation of 11β-HSD2 through nAChRs/ERK1/2/Elk-1/Egr-1 signaling, which increases active glucocorticoids levels in the placenta and fetus, and eventually inhibits the fetal development. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease progresses into severe NASH when physiological mechanisms of tissue homeostasis collapse; Phenotypic modulation of NAFLD-severity by molecules derived from white (adipokines) and brown (batokines) adipose tissue may be important in inducing or protecting against the progression of the disease. Adipose tissue-derived factors can promote the progression of NAFLD towards severe histological stages (NASH-fibrosis and NASHcirrhosis). This effect can be modulated by the release of adipokines or batokines that directly trigger an inflammatory response in the liver tissue or indirectly modulate related phenotypes, such as insulin resistance. Metabolically dysfunctional adipose tissue, which is often infiltrated by macrophages and crown-like histological structures, may also show impaired production of anti-inflammatory cytokines, which may favor NAFLD progression into aggressive phenotypes by preventing its protective effects on the liver tissue. © 2018, Fundacion Clinica Medica Sur. All rights reserved.
Polysaccharide IV from Lycium barbarum L. Improves lipid profiles of gestational diabetes mellitus of pregnancy by upregulating ABCA1 and downregulating sterol regulatory element-binding transcription 1 via miR-33; Lycium barbarum L. (LBL) has beneficial effects on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) but the related mechanism remains unclear. Polysaccharides of LBL (LBLP) are the main bioactive components of LBL. miR-33, ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) and sterol regulatory element-binding transcription 1 (SREBF1) affect lipid profiles, which are associated with GDM risk. LBLP may exert protective against GDM by affecting these molecules. Four LBLP fractions: LBLP-I, LBLP-II, LBLP-III, and LBLP-IV were isolated from LBL and further purified by using DEAE-Sephadex column. The effects of purified each fraction on pancreatic beta cells were comparatively evaluated. A total of 158 GDM patients were recruited and randomly divided into LBL group (LG) and placebo group (CG). miR-33 levels, lipid profiles, insulin resistance and secretory functions were measured. The association between serum miR-33 levels and lipid profiles were evaluated by using Spearman's rank-order correlation test. After 4-week therapy, LBL reduced miR-33 level, insulin resistance and increased insulin secretion of GDM patients. LBL increased the levels of ABCA1, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and reduced miR-33, SREBF1, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and malondialdehyde. Homeostatic model assessment of β-cell function and insulin resistance was lower in LG than in CG, whereas homeostatic model assessment of β-cell function and insulin secretory function was higher in LG than in CG. There was a strong positive association between miR-33 level and TG, or TC and or LDL-C, and a strong negative association between miR-33 level and HDL-C. The levels of miR-33 had negative relation with ABCA1 and positive relation with SREBF1. ABCA1 has negative relation with TG, TC, and LDL-C and positive relation with HDL-C. Inversely, SREBF1 had positive relation with TG, TC, and LDL-C and negative relation with HDL-C. The main bioactive compound LBLP-IV of LBL increased insulin secretion of beta cells and the levels of ABCA1, and reduced miR-33 levels and SREBF1 in beta cells. However, LBLP-IV could not change the levels of these molecules anymore when miR-33 was overexpressed or silenced. LBLP-IV had the similar effects with LBL on beta cells while other components had no such effects. Thus, LBLP-IV from LBL improves lipid profiles by upregulating ABCA1 and downregulating SREBF1 via miR-33. © 2018 Yang, Si, Fan, Jian, Pei and Lin.
The role of adipokines in skeletal muscle inflammation and insulin sensitivity; Background: There is currently an unmet clinical need to develop better pharmacological treatments to improve glucose handling in Type II Diabetes patients with obesity. To this end, determining the effect of obesity-associated adipokines on skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity has emerged as an important area of drug discovery research. This review draws together the data on the functional role of adipokines on skeletal muscle insulin signalling, highlights several understudied novel adipokines and provides a perspective on the direction of future research. Main body: The adipokines leptin, resistin, visfatin and adiponectin have all been shown to affect skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity by impacting on the activity of components within insulin signalling pathways, affecting GLUT4 translocation and modulating insulin-mediated skeletal muscle glucose uptake. Furthermore, proteomic analysis of the adipose tissue secretome has recently identified several novel adipokines including vaspin, chemerin and pref-1 that are associated with obesity and insulin resistance in humans and functionally impact on insulin signalling pathways. However, predominantly, these functional findings are the result of studies in rodents, with in vitro studies utilising either rat L6 or murine C2C12 myoblasts and/or myotubes. Despite the methodology to isolate and culture human myoblasts and to differentiate them into myotubes being established, the use of human muscle in vitro models for the functional validation of adipokines on skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity is limited. Conclusion: Understanding the mechanism of action and function of adipokines in mediating insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle may lead to the development of novel therapeutics for patients with type 2 diabetes. However, to date, studies conducted in human skeletal muscle cells and tissues are limited. Such human in vitro studies should be prioritised in order to reduce the risk of candidate drugs failing in the clinic due to the assumption that rodent skeletal muscle target validation studies will to translate to human. © 2018 The Author(s).
Current attempts to implement microRNA-based diagnostics and therapy in cardiovascular and metabolic disease: a promising future; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNAs regulating gene expression at the post-translational level. miRNA-based therapeutic agents are important because of the functionality of miRNAs in regulating lipid and glucose metabolism and their role in the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders such as diabetes and obesity, where dysregulation leads to disease; they are also important in angiogenesis. miRNAs additionally serve as biomarkers in the diagnosis, prognosis and risk assessment of disease and in monitoring the response to treatment. Here, we provide a brief overview of progress in miRNA-based therapeutics in the preclinical and clinical setting and highlight the novel outcomes and opportunities in the diagnosis and treatment of metabolic conditions. In addition, we present the role of miRNAs in stem cell therapy which could have great potential in regenerative medicine. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Metabolic Regulation of Methionine Restriction in Diabetes; Although the effects of dietary methionine restriction have been investigated in the physiology of aging and diseases related to oxidative stress, the relationship between methionine restriction (MR) and the development of metabolic disorders has not been explored extensively. This review summarizes studies of the possible involvement of dietary methionine restriction in improving insulin resistance, glucose homeostasis, oxidative stress, lipid metabolism, the pentose phosphate pathway (PPP), and inflammation, with an emphasis on the fibroblast growth factor 21 and protein phosphatase 2A signals and autophagy in diabetes. Diets deficient in methionine may be a useful nutritional strategy in patients with diabetes. © 2018 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Association of genetic variants in RETN, NAMPT and ADIPOQ gene with glycemic, metabolic traits and diabetes risk in a Chinese population; Abnormal serum levels of adipokine have been established to be a strong predictor of developing several human diseases including type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Association studies have reported several genetic variants in genes coding adipokines with contributions to T2DM susceptibility as well as some glycemic and metabolic traits, of which the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of RETN, NAMPT, and ADIPOQ gene were well documented. However, little is known about contributions of these SNPs to above phenotypes in Chinese. In the current study, with availably quantitative glycemic and metabolic data from a total of 185 T2DM patients and 191 healthy controls, we tested associations between four SNPs of RETN, NAMPT, ADIPOQ gene and 13 glycemic and metabolic traits. The results showed that the rs1862513 and rs34861192 of RETN gene were functional and negatively correlated with the levels of serum creatinine and cholesterol, respectively. The rs16861194 of ADIPOQ gene was positively correlated with the aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and AST/alanine aminotransferase level. Moreover, the rs34861192 and rs13237989 of NAMPT gene synergistically affected the levels of insulin and glycemic index. However, due to the limited sample size, only the rs16861194 exerted a significant increased risk on T2DM. These results underscore the contributions of SNPs in RETN, NAMPT, ADIPOQ gene to glycemic and metabolic traits as well as T2DM susceptibility in Chinese. © 2017
Identification of sex-specific DNA methylation changes driven by specific chemicals in cord blood in a Faroese birth cohort; Faroe islanders consume marine foods contaminated with methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and other toxicants associated with chronic disease risks. Differential DNA methylation at specific CpG sites in cord blood may serve as a surrogate biomarker of health impacts from chemical exposures. We aimed to identify key environmental chemicals in cord blood associated with DNA methylation changes in a population with elevated exposure to chemical mixtures. We studied 72 participants of a Faroese birth cohort recruited between 1986 and 1987 and followed until adulthood. The cord blood DNA methylome was profiled using Infinium HumanMethylation450 BeadChips. We determined the associations of CpG site changes with concentrations of MeHg, major PCBs, other organochlorine compounds [hexachlorobenzene (HCB), p,p’-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p’-DDE) and p,p’-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane], and perfluoroalkyl substances. In a combined sex analysis, among the 16 chemicals studied, PCB congener 105 (CB-105) exposure was associated with the majority of differentially methylated CpG sites (214 out of a total of 250). In female-only analysis, only 73 CB-105 associated CpG sites were detected, 44 of which were mapped to genes in the ELAV1-associated cancer network. In males-only, methylation changes were seen for perfluorooctane sulfonate, HCB, and p,p’-DDE in 10,598, 1,238, and 1,473 CpG sites, respectively, 15% of which were enriched in cytobands of the X-chromosome associated with neurological disorders. In this multiple-pollutant and genome-wide study, we identified key epigenetic toxicants. The significant enrichment of specific X-chromosome sites in males implies potential sex-specific epigenome responses to prenatal chemical exposures. © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Effects of insulin resistance on the association between the circulating retinol-binding protein 4 level and clustering of pediatric cardiometabolic risk factors; Objectives: Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) and insulin resistance (IR) are clinical parameters associated with cardiometabolic diseases. The mediating and modifying roles of IR on children’s susceptibility to cardiometabolic disorders are undetermined. This study investigated the mediating and modifying effects of the homeostatic model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) on the relationship between the serum RBP4 level and clustering of pediatric cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: We assessed the diet, physical activity, cardiometabolic risk factors, and clinical parameters of 272 randomly selected adolescents from a large-scale cross-sectional study (n = 2727). Two HOMA-IRs (HOMA1-IR and HOMA2-IR) were used to evaluate the designated effects. Results: Levels of serum RBP4 positively correlated with the levels of the 2 HOMA-based-IRs, and HOMA-IR correlated to all components of pediatric metabolic syndrome (MetS), the number of abnormal components, and a body-weight-weighted principal component score extracted from 12 cardiometabolic risk factors. Increased RBP4 levels had positive effects on waist circumference (WC), triglyceride, and the number of abnormal MetS components (0.310 cm, 1.384 μg/dL, and 0.021 item elevations, respectively), and the HOMA-IRs explained 17.7% to 21.9%, 11.8% to 27.6%, and 23.8% to 25.0% of these effects. The association of WC and the number of abnormal MetS components with the serum RBP4 level was enhanced by higher HOMA-IR (β for interaction, 0.13 and 0.01 for HOMA1-IR, and 0.32 and 0.02 for HOMA2-IR, respectively). Conclusions: HOMA-IR is associated with the circulating RBP4 level and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents. Pediatric HOMA-IR may have mediating and modifying effects on the positive correlations between RBP4 and the clustering of MetS components. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
The role of pollutants in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and their prospective impact on phytomedicinal treatment strategies; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the most common form of diabetes and it is characterized by high blood sugar and abnormal sera lipid levels. Although the specific reasons for the development of these abnormalities are still not well understood, traditionally, genetic and lifestyle behavior have been reported as the leading causes of this disease. In the last three decades, the number of diabetic patients has drastically increased worldwide, with current statistics suggesting the number is to double in the next two decades. To combat this incurable ailment, orthodox medicines, to which economically disadvantaged patients have minimal access to, have been used. Thus, a considerable amalgamation of medicinal plants has recently been proven to possess therapeutic capabilities to manage T2DM, and this has prompted studies primarily focusing on the healing aspect of these plants, and ultimately, their commercialization. Hence, this review aims to highlight the potential threat of pollutants, i.e., polyfluoroalkyl compounds (PFCs), endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) and heavy metals, to medicinal plants, and their prospective impact on the phytomedicinal therapy strategies for T2DM. It is further suggested that auxiliary research be undertaken to better comprehend the factors that influence the uptake of these compounds by these plants. This should include a comprehensive risk assessment of phytomedicinal products destined for the treatment of T2DM. Regulations that control the use of PFC-precursors in certain developing countries are also long overdue. © 2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.
Fructose exposure during gestation and lactation altered hepatic selenoprotein expression, oxidative balance and metabolic profile in female rat pups; Fructose-rich diets, an experimental model of induced metabolic syndrome (MS), affects pregnant and lactating rat dams, and moreover, it leads to an imbalance in their offspring's metabolic profile. Selenium (Se) homeostasis and body distribution is also altered. Selenoproteins: Glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and selenoprotein P (SelP) appear to play a role in MS. To evaluate selenoproteins’ implication in the transmission of this pathology to the progeny, hepatic Se deposits, GPx activity, biomolecular oxidation and selenoproteins and AMPK expression were measured in the offspring of dams exposed to a fructose-rich diet (65%). Se intake and liver selenoproteins are affected by fructose exposition during early nutrition. Female fructose pups show a repletion of Se and oxidation in liver, higher GPx activity and expression of hepatic GPx1 and SelP, related to a lower activation of AMPK and serum insulin levels. Fructose exposure during early nutrition negatively alters selenoproteins, oxidation and metabolism in female pups. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Cocos nucifera water improves metabolic functions in offspring of high fat diet fed Wistar rats; Background: Maternal high fat diet has been implicated in the aetiology of metabolic diseases in their offspring. The hypolipidaemic actions of Cocos nucifera water improve metabolic indices of dams consuming a high fat diet during gestation. This study investigated the effects of C. nucifera water on metabolism of offspring of dams exposed to high fat diet during gestation. Methods: Four groups of pregnant Wistar rat dams (n = 6) were treated orally from Gestation Day (GD) 1 to GD 21 as follows: standard rodent feed + 10 mL/kg distilled water (Control), standard rodent feed + 10 mL/kg C. nucifera water, high fat feed + 10 mL/kg distilled water (high fat diet), and high fat feed + 10 mL/kg C. nucifera water (high fat diet + C. nucifera water). The feeds were given ad libitum and all dams received standard rodent feed after parturition. Fasting blood glucose was measured in offspring before being euthanized on Postnatal Day (PND) 120. Serum insulin, leptin, lipid profile and liver enzymes were measured. Results: Serum total cholesterol (TC), insulin, alanine transaminase (ALT) and alkaline phosphatase levels were significantly increased (p < 0.05) in high fat diet offspring compared with controls. Similar changes were not observed in high fat diet + C. nucifera water offspring. Conclusions: Results suggest that the adverse effects of maternal high fat diet on offspring's metabolism can be ameliorated by C. nucifera water. © 2018 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Alpha-syntrophin deficient mice are protected from adipocyte hypertrophy and ectopic triglyceride deposition in obesity; Alpha-syntrophin (SNTA) is a molecular adapter protein which is expressed in adipocytes. Knock-down of SNTA in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes increases cell proliferation, and differentiated adipocytes display small lipid droplets. These effects are both characteristics of healthy adipose tissue growth which is associated with metabolic improvements in obesity. To evaluate a role of SNTA in adipose tissue morphology and obesity associated metabolic dysfunction, SNTA deficient mice were fed a standard chow or a high fat diet. Mice deficient of SNTA had less fat mass and smaller adipocytes in obesity when compared to control animals. Accordingly, these animals did not develop liver steatosis and did not store excess triglycerides in skeletal muscle upon high fat diet feeding. SNTA−/− animals were protected from hyperinsulinemia and hepatic insulin resistance. Of note, body-weight, food uptake, and serum lipids were normal in the SNTA null mice. SNTA was induced in adipose tissues but not in the liver of diet induced obese and ob/ob mice. In human subcutaneous and visceral fat of seven patients SNTA was similarly expressed and was not associated with body mass index. Current data demonstrate beneficial effects of SNTA deficiency in obesity which is partly attributed to smaller adipocytes and reduced white adipose tissue mass. Higher SNTA protein in fat depots of obese mice may contribute to adipose tissue hypertrophy and ectopic lipid deposition which has to be confirmed in humans. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Detection technologies and metabolic profiling of bile acids: A comprehensive review; Bile acids (BAs) are important regulatory factors of life activities, which are involved in the regulation of glucose, lipid and energy metabolisms, and closely associated with intestinal hormones, microbiotas and energy balance. BAs abnormalities easily lead to inflammation and metabolic diseases, in turn, the progress of diseases could influence characteristics of BAs. Therefore, accurate detection of BAs contents is of great significance to disease prevention, diagnosis and treatment. At present, the most widely used enzymatic method in clinical practice is applicable to the detection of total bile acid (TBA). In laboratory research, different types of BAs can be accurately separated and quantified by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). The metabolic profiling of BAs based on detection technologies can completely and accurately monitor their types and contents, playing a crucial role in disease prevention, diagnosis and treatment. We herein reviewed the main detection technologies of BAs and the application of metabolic profiling in related diseases in recent years. © 2018 The Author(s).
Candidate SNP markers of reproductive potential are predicted by a significant change in the affinity of TATA-binding protein for human gene promoters; Background: The progress of medicine, science, technology, education, and culture improves, year by year, quality of life and life expectancy of the populace. The modern human has a chance to further improve the quality and duration of his/her life and the lives of his/her loved ones by bringing their lifestyle in line with their sequenced individual genomes. With this in mind, one of genome-based developments at the junction of personalized medicine and bioinformatics will be considered in this work, where we used two Web services: (i) SNP_TATA_Comparator to search for alleles with a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) that alters the affinity of TATA-binding protein (TBP) for the TATA boxes of human gene promoters and (ii) PubMed to look for retrospective clinical reviews on changes in physiological indicators of reproductive potential in carriers of these alleles. Results: A total of 126 SNP markers of female reproductive potential, capable of altering the affinity of TBP for gene promoters, were found using the two above-mentioned Web services. For example, 10 candidate SNP markers of thrombosis (e.g., rs563763767) can cause overproduction of coagulation inducers. In pregnant women, Hughes syndrome provokes thrombosis with a fatal outcome although this syndrome can be diagnosed and eliminated even at the earliest stages of its development. Thus, in women carrying any of the above SNPs, preventive treatment of this syndrome before a planned pregnancy can reduce the risk of death. Similarly, seven SNP markers predicted here (e.g., rs774688955) can elevate the risk of myocardial infarction. In line with Bowles' lifespan theory, women carrying any of these SNPs may modify their lifestyle to improve their longevity if they can take under advisement that risks of myocardial infarction increase with age of the mother, total number of pregnancies, in multiple pregnancies, pregnancies under the age of 20, hypertension, preeclampsia, menstrual cycle irregularity, and in women smokers. Conclusions: According to Bowles' lifespan theory-which links reproductive potential, quality of life, and life expectancy-the above information was compiled for those who would like to reduce risks of diseases corresponding to alleles in own sequenced genomes. Candidate SNP markers can focus the clinical analysis of unannotated SNPs, after which they may become useful for people who would like to bring their lifestyle in line with their sequenced individual genomes. © 2018 The Author(s).
Sirtuins in the Cardiovascular System: Potential Targets in Pediatric Cardiology; Cardiovascular diseases represent a major cause of death and morbidity. Cardiac and vascular pathologies develop predominantly in the aged population in part due to lifelong exposure to numerous risk factors but are also found in children and during adolescence. In comparison to adults, much has to be learned about the molecular pathways driving cardiovascular diseases in the pediatric population. Sirtuins are highly conserved enzymes that play pivotal roles in ensuring cardiac homeostasis under physiological and stress conditions. In this review, we discuss novel findings about the biological functions of these molecules in the cardiovascular system and their possible involvement in pediatric cardiovascular diseases. © 2018, The Author(s).
An overview of type 2 diabetes and importance of vitamin D3-vitamin D receptor interaction in pancreatic β-cells; One significant health issue that plagues contemporary society is that of Type 2 diabetes (T2D). This disease is characterised by higher-than-average blood glucose levels as a result of a combination of insulin resistance and insufficient insulin secretions from the β-cells of pancreatic islets of Langerhans. Previous developmental research into the pancreas has identified how early precursor genes of pancreatic β-cells, such as Cpal, Ngn3, NeuroD, Ptf1a, and cMyc, play an essential role in the differentiation of these cells. Furthermore, β-cell molecular characterization has also revealed the specific role of β-cell-markers, such as Glut2, MafA, Ins1, Ins2, and Pdx1 in insulin expression. The expression of these genes appears to be suppressed in the T2D β-cells, along with the reappearance of the early endocrine marker genes. Glucose transporters transport glucose into β-cells, thereby controlling insulin release during hyperglycaemia. This stimulates glycolysis through rises in intracellular calcium (a process enhanced by vitamin D) (Norman et al., 1980), activating 2 of 4 proteinases. The rise in calcium activates half of pancreatic β-cell proinsulinases, thus releasing free insulin from granules. The synthesis of ATP from glucose by glycolysis, Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation plays a role in insulin release. Some studies have found that the β-cells contain high levels of the vitamin D receptor; however, the role that this plays in maintaining the maturity of the β-cells remains unknown. Further research is required to develop a more in-depth understanding of the role VDR plays in β-cell function and the processes by which the beta cell function is preserved. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
EADSG Guidelines: Insulin Therapy in Diabetes; A diagnosis of diabetes or hyperglycemia should be confirmed prior to ordering, dispensing, or administering insulin (A).Insulin is the primary treatment in all patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) (A).Typically, patients with T1DM will require initiation with multiple daily injections at the time of diagnosis. This is usually short-acting insulin or rapid-acting insulin analogue given 0 to 15 min before meals together with one or more daily separate injections of intermediate or long-acting insulin. Two or three premixed insulin injections per day may be used (A).The target glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) for all children with T1DM, including preschool children, is recommended to be < 7.5% (< 58 mmol/mol). The target is chosen aiming at minimizing hyperglycemia, severe hypoglycemia, hypoglycemic unawareness, and reducing the likelihood of development of long-term complications (B).For patients prone to glycemic variability, glycemic control is best evaluated by a combination of results with self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) (B).Indications for exogenous insulin therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) include acute illness or surgery, pregnancy, glucose toxicity, contraindications to or failure to achieve goals with oral antidiabetic medications, and a need for flexible therapy (B).In T2DM patients, with regards to achieving glycemic goals, insulin is considered alone or in combination with oral agents when HbA1c is ≥ 7.5% (≥ 58 mmol/mol); and is essential for treatment in those with HbA1c ≥ 10% (≥ 86 mmol/mol), when diet, physical activity, and other antihyperglycemic agents have been optimally used (B).The preferred method of insulin initiation in T2DM is to begin by adding a long-acting (basal) insulin or once-daily premixed/co-formulation insulin or twice-daily premixed insulin, alone or in combination with glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1 RA) or in combination with other oral antidiabetic drugs (OADs) (B).If the desired glucose targets are not met, rapid-acting or short-acting (bolus or prandial) insulin can be added at mealtime to control the expected postprandial raise in glucose. An insulin regimen should be adopted and individualized but should, to the extent possible, closely resemble a natural physiologic state and avoid, to the extent possible, wide fluctuating glucose levels (C).Blood glucose monitoring is an integral part of effective insulin therapy and should not be omitted in the patient’s care plan. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) values should be used to titrate basal insulin, whereas both FPG and postprandial glucose (PPG) values should be used to titrate mealtime insulin (B).Metformin combined with insulin is associated with decreased weight gain, lower insulin dose, and less hypoglycemia when compared with insulin alone (C).Oral medications should not be abruptly discontinued when starting insulin therapy because of the risk of rebound hyperglycemia (D).Analogue insulin is as effective as human insulin but is associated with less postprandial hyperglycemia and delayed hypoglycemia (B).The shortest needles (currently the 4-mm pen and 6-mm syringe needles) are safe, effective, and less painful and should be the first-line choice in all patient categories; intramuscular (IM) injections should be avoided, especially with long-acting insulins, because severe hypoglycemia may result; lipohypertrophy is a frequent complication of therapy that distorts insulin absorption, and therefore, injections and infusions should not be given into these lesions and correct site rotation will help prevent them (A).Many patients in East Africa reuse syringes for various reasons, including financial. This is not recommended by the manufacturer and there is an association between needle reuse and lipohypertrophy. However, patients who reuse needles should not be subjected to alarming claims of excessive morbidity from this practice (A).Health care authorities and planners should be alerted to the risks associated with syringe or pen needles 6 mm or longer in children (A). © 2018, The Author(s).
Higher level of GGT during mid-pregnancy is associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study was to explore the link between gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alanine transaminase (ALT) and aspartate transaminase (AST) levels during early-middle pregnancy and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: In a prospective cohort study, pregnant women enrolled prior to 16 weeks of gestation were followed up until delivery. GGT, AST and ALT levels were tested during weeks 14-18 of gestation and oral glucose tolerance test was conducted during 24-28 weeks to screen GDM. Results: The GDM rate was 8.1% (122/1512). Mean GGT level was higher in GDM than non-GDM women (18.7 ± 13.0 vs 14.5 ± 7.0, P <.001). The higher GGT level was 26.9~74.0 U/L, which was significantly associated with increased risk of GDM. The adjusted RR (95% CI) comparing higher GGT level versus lower was 5.40 (3.36-8.68). No significant correlation was found between ALT or AST levels and the risk of GDM. Conclusions: The results suggest that pregnant women with higher serum GGT during early-middle pregnancy have higher risk of developing GDM. A GGT level >26.9 U/L may indicate an increased risk of developing GDM later and should be further concerned. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Proteomic approach in human health and disease: Preventive and cure studies; Proteomic is a branch of science that deals with various numbers of proteins where proteins are essential human constituents. Proteomic has a lot of functions inside the human and animal living organisms. This review helps to make a thought on the importance of proteomic application in human health and disease with special reference to preventive and cure studies. The human health can be divided into physical and mental health. The physical health relates to keeping human body state in a good health and to nutritional type and environmental factors. The mental health correlates to human psychological state. The main factors that affect the status of human health are human diet, exercise and sleep. The healthy diet is very important and needs to maintain the human health. The training program exercise improves human fitness and overall health and wellness. The sleep is a vital factor to sustain the human health. The human disease indicates abnormal human condition which influences the specific human part or the whole human body. There are external and internal factors which induce human disease. The external factors include pathogens while internal factors include allergies and autoimmunity. There are 4 principle types of human diseases: (1) infectious disease, (2) deficiency disease, (3) genetic disease and (4) physiological disease. There are many and various external microbes' factors that induce human infectious disease and these agents include viruses, bacteria, fungi and protozoa. The lack of necessary and vital dietary rudiments such as vitamins and minerals is the main cause of human deficiency disease. The genetic disease is initiated by hereditary disturbances that occur in the human genetic map. The physiological disease occurs when the normal human function body is affected due to human organs become malfunction. In conclusion, proteomic plays a vital and significant role in human health and disease. © 2018 Hainan Medical University. All rights reserved.
The potential therapeutic effects of ergothioneine in pre-eclampsia; Ergothioneine (ERG), is a water-soluble amino acid that is derived entirely from dietary sources. It has received much attention as a therapeutic agent due to its anti-oxidant properties, and there are claims of preferential accumulation within high oxidative stress organs. Pre-eclampsia, a condition accompanied by increased oxidative stress, is one of the leading causes of maternal morbidity and mortality. Despite intense research efforts, its aetiologies remain somewhat unclear and there are still no effective treatment options. Clinical trials of the anti-oxidants vitamin C and vitamin E have proven largely ineffective with little improvement in clinical outcome or even a negative response. This could be explained in part by their inability to permeate the plasma and mitochondrial membranes and scavenge mitochondria-derived superoxide species, and for the former by the fact that it is actually a pro-oxidant in the presence of unliganded iron. ERG accumulates within tissues through the action of a specific organic cation transporter, SLC22A4 (previously referred to as OCTN1), which is possibly also expressed in mammalian mitochondria. Mitochondrial dysfunction has been implicated in a variety of vascular diseases including pre-eclampsia. This review discusses the use of ERG as a possibly mitochondrial-targeted anti-oxidant, focusing on its physical properties, potential mechanisms of action, safety profile and administration in relation to pregnancies complicated by pre-eclampsia. © 2017
Fetuin-A: A negative acute-phase protein linked to adipose tissue function in periparturient dairy cows; Fetuin-A (FetA) is a free fatty acid transporter and an acute-phase protein that enhances cellular lipid uptake and lipogenesis. In nonruminants, FetA is involved in lipid-induced inflammation. Despite FetA importance in lipid metabolism and inflammation, its expression and dynamics in adipose tissue (AT) of dairy cows are unknown. The objectives of this study were to (1) determine serum and AT FetA dynamics over the periparturient period and in mid-lactation cows in negative energy balance (NEB) after a feed restriction protocol and (2) characterize how an inflammatory challenge affects adipocyte FetA expression. Blood and subcutaneous AT were collected from 16 cows with high (≥3.75, n = 8) or moderate (≤3.5, n = 8) body condition score (BCS) at −26 ± 7 d (far off) and −8 ± 5 d (close up) before calving and at 10 ± 2 d after parturition (early lactation) and from 14 nonpregnant mid-lactation cows (>220 d in milk) after a feed restriction protocol. Serum FetA concentrations were 0.89 ± 0.13 mg/mL at far off, 0.96 ± 0.13 mg/mL at close up, and 0.77 ± 0.13 mg/mL at early lactation and were 1.09 ± 0.09 and 1.17 ± 0.09 mg/mL in feed-restricted and control cows, respectively. Serum and AT FetA contents decreased at the onset of lactation when lipolysis was higher. No changes in AT and serum FetA were observed after feed restriction induced NEB in mid-lactation cows. Prepartum BCS had no effect on serum FetA, but AT expression of AHSG, the gene encoding FetA, was reduced in periparturient cows with high BCS at dry-off throughout all time points. Circulating FetA was positively associated with serum albumin and calcium and with BCS variation over the periparturient period. The dynamics of AHSG expression were analogous to the patterns of lipogenic markers ABDH5, ELOVL6, FABP4, FASN, PPARγ, and SCD1. Expression of AHSG and FetA protein in AT was inversely correlated with AT proinflammatory markers CD68, CD44, SPP1, and CCL2. In vitro, bovine adipocytes challenged with lipopolysaccharide downregulated FetA protein expression. Adipocytes treated with FetA had lower CCL2 expression compared with those exposed to lipopolysaccharide. Overall, FetA is a systemic and local AT negative acute-phase protein linked to AT function in periparturient cows. Furthermore, FetA may support physiological adaptations to NEB in periparturient cows. © 2018 American Dairy Science Association
An update on the role of irisin in the regulation of endocrine and metabolic functions; Irisin is a novel myokine and adipokine that has gained much attention recently due to its mechanisms of action. Irisin is secreted following proteolytic cleavage of its precursor fibronectin type III domain containing 5 (FNDC5). Following its release, irisin exerts its major action by increasing the expression of mitochondrial uncoupling protein 1 (UCP 1), which facilitates the conversion of white adipose tissue (WAT) into beige adipose tissue. Irisin is distributed in various body tissues and several actions have been attributed to its presence in those tissues. It has been suggested that it plays a role in metabolic diseases, ageing, inflammation and neurogenesis. However, the circulating levels of irisin are modulated by several factors such as diet, obesity, exercise, pharmacological agents and different pathological conditions. In this review, we have discussed the mechanisms by which irisin influences the functions of different body systems and how external factors in turn affect the circulating level of irisin. In conclusion, modification of circulating irisin level may help in the management of a variety of endocrine and metabolic disorders. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
PCYT1A Regulates Phosphatidylcholine Homeostasis from the Inner Nuclear Membrane in Response to Membrane Stored Curvature Elastic Stress; Cell and organelle membranes consist of a complex mixture of phospholipids (PLs) that determine their size, shape, and function. Phosphatidylcholine (PC) is the most abundant phospholipid in eukaryotic membranes, yet how cells sense and regulate its levels in vivo remains unclear. Here we show that PCYT1A, the rate-limiting enzyme of PC synthesis, is intranuclear and re-locates to the nuclear membrane in response to the need for membrane PL synthesis in yeast, fly, and mammalian cells. By aligning imaging with lipidomic analysis and data-driven modeling, we demonstrate that yeast PCYT1A membrane association correlates with membrane stored curvature elastic stress estimates. Furthermore, this process occurs inside the nucleus, although nuclear localization signal mutants can compensate for the loss of endogenous PCYT1A in yeast and in fly photoreceptors. These data suggest an ancient mechanism by which nucleoplasmic PCYT1A senses surface PL packing defects on the inner nuclear membrane to control PC homeostasis. Phosphatidylcholine (PC) is the major constituent of cellular membranes. Haider et al. show that PCYT1A, the rate-limiting enzyme of PC synthesis, translocates onto the inner nuclear membrane in response to increased PC need in yeast, fly, and mammalian cells. This PCYT1A re-localization is governed by membrane stored curvature elastic stress. © 2018 The Authors
Capsaicin in metabolic syndrome; Capsaicin, the major active constituent of chilli, is an agonist on transient receptor potential vanilloid channel 1 (TRPV1). TRPV1 is present on many metabolically active tissues, making it a potentially relevant target for metabolic interventions. Insulin resistance and obesity, being the major components of metabolic syndrome, increase the risk for the development of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In vitro and pre-clinical studies have established the effectiveness of low-dose dietary capsaicin in attenuating metabolic disorders. These responses of capsaicin are mediated through activation of TRPV1, which can then modulate processes such as browning of adipocytes, and activation of metabolic modulators including AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α (PPARα), uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1), and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1). Modulation of these pathways by capsaicin can increase fat oxidation, improve insulin sensitivity, decrease body fat, and improve heart and liver function. Identifying suitable ways of administering capsaicin at an effective dose would warrant its clinical use through the activation of TRPV1. This review highlights the mechanistic options to improve metabolic syndrome with capsaicin. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Serum concentrations of fetuin B in lipodystrophic patients; Objective: Fetuin B is an adipokine/hepatokine which is significantly elevated in insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes mellitus and hepatic steatosis. Regulation of fetuin B in patients with lipodystrophy (LD) – a disease group which is characterized by subcutaneous adipose tissue loss, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, and dysregulation of several adipokines – has not been elucidated so far. Material and methods: Serum fetuin B levels were determined in 37 patients with LD, as well as in a control cohort consisting of 37 non-LD participants matched for age, gender, and body mass index. Furthermore, fetuin B was correlated with parameters of lipid metabolism, glucose control, renal function, and inflammation. Results: Median fetuin B serum levels were not significantly different between patients with LD (2980.7 µg/l; interquartile range: 841.7 µg/l) and non-LD controls (2647.3 µg/l; interquartile range: 923.6 µg/l; p =.105). Fetuin B was associated with age, body mass index, markers of renal function, and C reactive protein (CRP) in univariate correlation analyses. The associations with age and creatinine remained significant in multiple linear regression analysis. Conclusions: Fetuin B serum concentrations are not significantly different between patients with LD and non-LD controls. Fetuin B does not seem to be a major pathogenetic factor in LD. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Supplementation with grape pomace in healthy women: Changes in biochemical parameters, gut microbiota and related metabolic biomarkers; This paper reports a comprehensive pilot study of the effects of dietary supplementation with grape pomace (GP) in humans. After an initial washout period, the diet of 10 healthy women was supplemented with a dairy amount of 1.4 g of a red Grape Pomace (GP) extract (Eminol®) for 21 days. Among the different biochemical and immune parameters measured in plasma, a significant decrease (p < 0.05) was observed in blood fasting glucose levels after the 21-day supplementation. Overall, the GP supplementation did not lead to significant changes in faecal bacterial populations or, in general, in the content of faecal and urine phenolic metabolites. Nevertheless, significant changes (p < 0.05) were observed in the short-chain and medium-chain fatty acid profiles (SCFAs and MCFAs). Due to observed inter-individual differences it was not possible to establish a pattern on the microRNA expression profile associated to GP supplementation, however modulation of the expression of miRNA related to glucose metabolism was perceived after the intervention period. © 2018
CHAPTER 2: CE-MS Workflows for Metabolomics: A Focus on Sample Preparation; CE-MS is a very attractive microscale analytical platform in metabolomics, especially for the analysis of highly polar and ionic metabolites in a wide range of samples, particularly those for which the amount is very limited. A number of well-defined steps are linked to undertake a metabolomics study; a typical workflow comprises: experimental design, sample preparation, data acquisition, data processing, statistical analysis, metabolite identification and biological interpretation, including validation of the results. In this chapter, we will focus on the sample preparation step. General considerations regarding sample type and collection, and detailed aspects regarding sample treatment prior to CE-MS will be reviewed. © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2018.
The immune system and mental health; The Immune System and Mental Health fully investigates how immune-related cellular, molecular and anatomical changes impact mental functioning. The book combines human and animal studies to reveal immunological changes related to mental-health problems. In addition, users will find comprehensive information on new research related to the microbial composition of the gut, aka, the microbiome, and how it influences brain function and mental health. Common comorbidities with mental illness and their inherent immunological or inflammatory components are also covered. Written by leaders in the field, the book synthesizes basic and clinical research to provide a thorough understanding on the role of immunity in neuropsychiatry. Sociology, psychology, psychiatry, neuroscience and genetics have provided considerable explanations and solutions to some of the most intractable mental-health problems. But researchers are increasingly relying on investigations of the immune system to identify factors that can undermine and impair mental health. This book covers devastating mental-health conditions, such as depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and autism-like spectrum disorders. In addition, degenerative disorders of the brain, such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s-like dementia are explored. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Disease: Diet, Nutrition and Emerging Risk Factors, Second Edition; A comprehensive, accessible summary of the latest research in heart disease risk factors. Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) is a major cause of early death and disability across the world. The major markers of risk—including high blood cholesterol, smoking, and obesity—are well known, but studies show that such markers do not account for all cardiovascular risk. Written by a team of renowned experts in the field, this comprehensive and accessible book examines the evidence for emerging and novel risk factors, and their relationship with diet and nutrition. Fully updated throughout, Cardiovascular Disease: Diet, Nutrition and Emerging Risk Factors, 2nd Edition covers everything from the epidemiology of cardiovascular disease, to genetic factors, to inflammation and much more – offering invaluable advice on reducing risk factors and preventing CVD. This new edition: Authoritatively reports on the link between emerging aspects of diet, lifestyle and cardiovascular disease risk Focuses on novel risk factors of CVD, including the human gut microbiome and fetal and childhood origins, and how it can be prevented Features recommendations for interventions and future research Includes references, commonly asked questions that summarise the take-home messages, and an online glossary Cardiovascular Disease: Diet, Nutrition and Emerging Risk Factors, 2nd Edition is an important book for researchers and postgraduate students in nutrition, dietetics, food science, and medicine, as well as for cardiologists and cardiovascular specialists. © 2019 by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Serum adropin levels are decreased in chinese type 2 diabetic patients and negatively correlated with body mass index; Adropin has been identified as potent regulatory hormone implicated in insulin sensitivity and the maintenance of energy homeostasis. The aim of current study was to investigate serum adropin concentrations of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients in the fasting status, especially those overweight/obese and evaluate the relationships between adropin levels and metabolic parameters. A total of 116 T2DM patients and 60 controls with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were recruited to the study. Adropin concentration was determined using commercial ELISA kits. Anthropometric characteristics were collected and biochemistry, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and fasting insulin (FIns) were detected by clinical laboratory. Insulin resistance was estimated by homeostasis model 2 assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR). Serum adropin levels in Chinese T2DM patients were decreased compared with the controls [3.8 (3.0-5.5) vs. 5.5 (3.7-7.9) ng/mL, p < 0.01]. Meanwhile, overweight/obese patients had more considerably reduced levels of adropin. Adropin level was negatively correlated with body mass index (BMI), high-sensitive C reactive protein (hs-CRP), triglycerides (TG), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), FIns, HOMA2-IR and HbA1c, while positively with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in study participants (p < 0.01). The correlations of adropin with glucolipid variables (TG, HDL-C, FPG, FIns, HOMA2-IR, HbA1c) still existed after adjusting the effect of BMI. Besides, HOMA2-IR and HbA1c were independent factors associated with serum adropin levels. Binary logistic regression analyses showed that adropin was significantly associated with T2DM after removing confounding factors (p < 0.01). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve demonstrated adropin concentration of 5.8 ng/mL could be used as a possible optimal cut-off value to identify T2DM from non-T2DM with sensitivity of 81.9% and specificity of 46.7%. Serum adropin concentrations are decreased in Chinese T2DM patients, especially those overweight/obese. Adropin, associated with glucolipid homeostasis and insulin sensitivity, may implicate in the pathogenesis of T2DM. © 2018, Japan Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Methods to Assess In Vivo Insulin Sensitivity and Insulin Secretion; The assessments of insulin sensitivity/resistance and of insulin secretion/beta cell function in humans are still significant challenges. The interest for these traits stems from their proved, or presumed, implications in a great number of pathological conditions, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, atherosclerosis, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), Alzheimer’s disease. A wide number of tests and surrogate indexes have been developed and applied in many experimental and observational settings to gauge exact values for each of these two traits. In this chapter, the general principles underlying the assessments of insulin sensitivity and of beta cell function are reviewed, and the most popular tests are described with their pros and cons. © 2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.
Altered branched chain amino acid metabolism: Toward a unifying cardiometabolic hypothesis; Purpose of review Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type II diabetes (T2D) share common etiologic pathways that may long precede the development of clinically evident disease. Early identification of risk markers could support efforts to individualize risk prediction and improve the efficacy of primary prevention, as well as uncover novel therapeutic targets. Recent findings Altered metabolism of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), and their subsequent accumulation in circulation, may precede the development of insulin resistance and clinically manifest cardiometabolic diseases. BCAAs - the essential amino acids leucine, isoleucine and valine - likely promote insulin resistance through activation of mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1. Epidemiologic studies demonstrate robust associations between BCAAs and incident T2D, and Mendelian randomization supports a potentially causal relationship. More recently, there is emerging evidence that BCAAs are also associated with incident atherosclerotic CVD, possibly mediated by the development of T2D. Summary In this article, we review the biochemistry of BCAAs, their potential contribution to cardiometabolic risk, the available evidence from molecular epidemiologic studies to date, and, finally, consider future research and clinical directions. Overall, BCAAs represent a promising emerging target for risk stratification and possible intervention, to support efforts to mitigate the burden of cardiometabolic disease in the population. Copyright © 2018 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Early Nutrition, Epigenetics, and Human Health; The quantity and quality of nutrition experienced during embryonic and fetal development shapes the physiology and metabolic function of adults. In this way, periods of famine or nutritional excess leave a lasting memory that plays a powerful role in determining the health of an individual, alongside their adult lifestyle. These relationships are powerfully demonstrated through epidemiological studies and animal experiments that show maternal undernutrition and maternal obesity during pregnancy are associated with cardiovascular disease and metabolic disturbance in the resulting offspring. Current understanding suggests that maternal diet-induced changes in gene expression and epigenetic regulatory factors play a pivotal role in shaping organ development and responses to the adult environment. Further understanding the mechanism which links early diet to later consequences is of great importance. Discovery of new biomarkers of diagnostic value or of mechanisms that are the start point for novel therapeutics can become a new bedrock for personalized medicine. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment with Oral Drugs; Till the turn of the century, treatment of hyperglycemia in Type 2 diabetes was limited to two main classes of oral agents: sulfonylureas and biguanides. In the meantime, better understanding of the pathophysiology of hyperglycemia in Type 2 diabetes has been gained and the identification of several pathogenitic mechanisms has enabled moving from serendipitous discovery – as for sulfonylureas and metformin – to the development of agents with more targeted modes of action. Current guidelines concur in recommending metformin at diagnosis of diabetes. Selection of the second drug therapy should be made on the basis of an educated process tacking into consideration efficacy, risk of hypoglycemia, effect on body weight, costs of different drugs, as well as patient’s characteristics. With more clinical data generated, other features of the available oral agents should be taken into account such as durability, predominant effect on fasting vs. postprandial glucose, as well effects beyond their glucose lowering capacity. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.
Targeting Prediabetes to Preempt Diabetes; The purpose of the chapter is to view the global burden of diabetes and its preventive strategies, especially in high-risk groups. According to the IDF Diabetes Atlas 8th edition of the International Diabetes Federation, currently 425million people live with diabetes and this number is predicted to rise to 629million by 2045. Asian countries, especially China and India, are witnessing mounting epidemics of prediabetes and diabetes. The dramatic rise in new onset diabetes has been attributed to the rapid transition of demographic, socioeconomic, and nutritional factors. The change in dietary patterns coupled with a sedentary lifestyle has led to obesity and diabetes. Therefore the growing burden of diabetes should be prevented or treated with great importance. Lifestyle intervention with proper diet and physical activity has already proven its efficacy in the prevention and treatment of diabetes. However, there are several limitations existing in the present therapeutic approaches to the prevention and treatment of diabetes, and these should be addressed through novel strategies. The chapter focuses on the present understanding of the contributing factors, preventive strategies, and scope and challenges of diabetes prevention and treatment. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Randomised, Controlled Study of Different Glycaemic Targets during Gestational Diabetes Treatment: Effect on the Level of Adipokines in Cord Blood and ANGPTL4 Expression in Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cells; Our aim was to study the expression of adipokine-encoding genes (leptin, adiponectin, and angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4)) in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and adipokine concentration in cord blood from women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) depending on glycaemic targets. GDM patients were randomised to 2 groups per target glycaemic levels: GDM1 (tight glycaemic targets, fasting blood glucose < 5.1 mmol/L and <7.0 mmol/L postprandial, N=20) and GDM2 (less tight glycaemic targets, <5.3 mmol/L and < 7.8 mmol/L, respectively, N=21). The control group included 25 women with normal glucose tolerance. ANGPTL4 expression was decreased in the HUVECs from GDM patients versus the control group (23.11 ± 5.71, 21.47 ± 5.64, and 98.33 ± 20.92, for GDM1, GDM2, and controls; p<0.001) with no difference between GDM1 and GDM2. The level of adiponectin gene expression was low and did not differ among the groups. Leptin gene expression was undetectable in HUVECs. In cord blood, leptin/adiponectin ratio (LAR) was increased in GDM2 compared to controls and GDM1 (p=0.038) and did not differ between GDM1 and controls. Tight glycaemic targets were associated with normalisation of increased LAR in the cord blood. ANGPTL4 expression was downregulated in HUVECs of newborns from GDM mothers and was not affected by the intensity of glycaemic control. © 2018 P. Popova et al.
Epigenetics of Diabetes in Humans; New emerging evidence suggests that the role of epigenetic alterations in diabetes is a crucial intersection between genetic predisposition and environmental factors. Two of the most studied epigenetic marks, DNA methylation and histone modifications, were investigated in relation to type 2 diabetes and glycemic traits, including glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance. However, no consistent associations between epigenetic marks and diabetes have been found. The majority of studies have reported differential DNA methylation of candidate genes in relation to diabetes and glycemic indices, but no overlap has been found between the differentially methylated CpGs sites in epigenome-wide association studies. Although there have been some promising results in the field of diabetes and epigenetics, challenges related to study design, harmonized methodology of assessment, tissue heterogeneity, and others remain. Diabetes epigenetics may hold the future potential of generating new information that can be used to predict high-risk patients and disease prevention. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and the Metabolic Syndrome: A Possible Chronobiotic-Cytoprotective Adjuvant Therapy; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a highly frequent reproductive-endocrine disorder affecting up to 8-10% of women worldwide at reproductive age. Although its etiology is not fully understood, evidence suggests that insulin resistance, with or without compensatory hyperinsulinemia, and hyperandrogenism are very common features of the polycystic ovary syndrome phenotype. Dysfunctional white adipose tissue has been identified as a major contributing factor for insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome. Environmental (e.g., chronodisruption) and genetic/epigenetic factors may also play relevant roles in syndrome development. Overweight and/or obesity are very common in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, thus suggesting that some polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome female phenotypes share common characteristics. Sleep disturbances have been reported to double in women with PCOS and obstructive sleep apnea is a common feature in polycystic ovary syndrome patients. Maturation of the luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone secretion pattern in girls in puberty is closely related to changes in the sleep-wake cycle and could have relevance in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome. This review article focuses on two main issues in the polycystic ovary syndrome-metabolic syndrome phenotype development: (a) the impact of androgen excess on white adipose tissue function and (b) the possible efficacy of adjuvant melatonin therapy to improve the chronobiologic profile in polycystic ovary syndrome-metabolic syndrome individuals. Genetic variants in melatonin receptor have been linked to increased risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome, to impairments in insulin secretion, and to increased fasting glucose levels. Melatonin therapy may protect against several metabolic syndrome comorbidities in polycystic ovary syndrome and could be applied from the initial phases of patients' treatment. © 2018 Eduardo Spinedi and Daniel P. Cardinali.
Natural approaches in diabetes management: A review of diet, exercise, and natural products; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a highly prevalent condition that causes significant morbidity and mortality in the United States and worldwide. Conventional therapies include lifestyle modification, oral pharmacological agents, and subcutaneous insulin. Emerging data suggest that natural approaches to the treatment of DM may help supplement current therapies for further glycemic control. Herein, we review the evidence of several natural modalities for DM treatment. We describe the pathophysiology of diabetes and its complications, provide an overview of current pharmacologic treatments, and finally, discuss natural approaches to diabetes management. Specifically, we will describe on the utility of diet, physical activity, and common natural products in the treatment of DM and focus on recent, high-quality studies. Adverse effects and potential interactions of each therapy will be highlighted where applicable. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Flaxseed supplementation on glucose control and insulin sensitivity: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 25 randomized, placebo-controlled trials; Context: The results of human clinical trials investigating the effects of flaxseed on glucose control and insulin sensitivity are inconsistent. Objective: The present study aimed to systematically review and analyze randomized controlled trials assessing the effects of flaxseed consumption on glycemic control. Data Sources: PubMed, Medline via Ovid, SCOPUS, EMBASE, and ISI Web of Sciences databases were searched up to November 2016. Study Selection: Clinical trials in which flaxseed or its products were administered as an intervention were included. Data Extraction: The outcomes were fasting blood glucose, insulin concentration, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (QUIKI), and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). Results: A total of 25 randomized clinical trials (30 treatment arms) were included. Meta-analysis suggested a significant association between flaxseed supplementation and a reduction in blood glucose (weighted mean difference [WMD],-2.94mg/dL; 95%CI, -5.31 to-0.56; P=0.015), insulin levels (WMD, -7.32pmol/L; 95%CI,-11.66 to-2.97; P=0.001), and HOMA-IR index (WMD, -0.49; 95%CI,:-0.78 to-0.20; P=0.001) and an increase in QUIKI index (WMD, 0.019; 95%CI, 0.008-0.031; P=0.001). No significant effect on HbA1c (WMD, -0.045%; 95%CI,-0.16 to-0.07; P=0.468) was found. In subgroup analysis, a significant reduction in blood glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR and a significant increase in QUIKI were found only in studies using whole flaxseed but not flaxseed oil and lignan extract. Furthermore, a significant reduction was observed in insulin levels and insulin sensitivity indexes only in the subset of trials lasting≥12 weeks. Conclusions: Whole flaxseed, but not flaxseed oil and lignan extract, has significant effects on improving glycemic control. Further studies are needed to determine the benefits of flaxseed on glycemic parameters. © The Author 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved.
The ACE2/Angiotensin-(1-7)/Mas axis of the renin-angiotensin system: Focus on Angiotensin-(1-7); The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is a key player in the control of the cardiovascular system and hydroelectrolyte balance, with an influence on organs and functions throughout the body. The classical view of this system saw it as a sequence of many enzymatic steps that culminate in the production of a single biologically active metabolite, the octapeptide angiotensin (ANG) II, by the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE). The past two decades have revealed new functions for some of the intermediate products, beyond their roles as substrates along the classical route. They may be processed in alternative ways by enzymes such as the ACE homolog ACE2. One effect is to establish a second axis through ACE2/ANG-(1-7)/MAS, whose end point is the metabolite ANG- (1-7). ACE2 and other enzymes can form ANG-(1-7) directly or indirectly from either the decapeptide ANG I or from ANG II. In many cases, this second axis appears to counteract or modulate the effects of the classical axis. ANG-(1-7) itself acts on the receptor MAS to influence a range of mechanisms in the heart, kidney, brain, and other tissues. This review highlights the current knowledge about the roles of ANG-(1-7) in physiology and disease, with particular emphasis on the brain. © 2018 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Lifestyle and nutrition; Severe obesity as a serious public health concern requires efficacious treatment. Sedentary behavior is associated with a lot of metabolic and cardiovascular comorbidities like diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Term “life style” includes dietary habits and physical activity. Life style interventions, as a first step in obesity treatment can help severely obese individuals to achieve long-term weight loss. The aim of life style modifications is to reduce the burden of obesity and obesity related comorbidities. Dietary treatment is probably the first and main therapeutic approach to obesity. This treatment is based on negative energy balance caused by lower energy intake but also in change in composition of food and proper rhythm of meals. Diets have to be medically confirmed and patient tailored. Increased physical activity is very important for weight loss maintaining. Self-monitoring or group support could be very useful in maintained the intense of physical activity over a long period of time. Current recommendations are that adults should have at least 150 min of moderate-intensity physical activity during a week. Conscious cognitive processes play important role in weight reduction and maintaining weight. Specific cognitive factors are associated with unhealthy eating habits, dietary treatment discontinuation and weight loss maintenance. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
B Vitamins Can Reduce Body Weight Gain by Increasing Metabolism-related Enzyme Activities in Rats Fed on a High-Fat Diet; B vitamins are enzyme cofactors that play an important role in energy metabolism. The aim of this study was to elucidate whether B vitamin administration can reduce body weight (BW) gain by improving energy metabolism-related enzyme activities in rats fed on a highfat diet. Fifty rats were randomly assigned to one of the following five groups: control group (C), including rats fed on standard rat chow; four treatment groups (HO, HI, H2, and H3), in which rats were fed on a high-fat diet. Rats in the HI group were treated daily with 100 mg/kg BW thiamine (VB1), 100 mg/kg BW riboflavin (VB2), and 250 mg/kg BW niacin (VPP); rats in the H2 group were treated daily with 100 mg/kg BW pyridoxine (VB6), 100 mg/kg BW cobalamin (VB12), and 5 mg/kg BW folate (FA); and rats in the H3 group were treated daily with all of the B vitamins administered to the HI and H2 groups. After 12 weeks, the BW gains from the initial value were 154.5±58.4 g and 159.1±53.0 g in the HI and C groups, respectively, which were significantly less than the changes in the HO group (285.2±14.8 g, P<0.05). In the HO group, the plasma total cholesterol (CHO) and triglyceride (TG) levels were 1.59±0.30 mmol/L and 1,55±0.40 mmol/L, respectively, which were significantly greater than those in the HI group (1.19±0.18 mmol/L and 0.76±0.34 mmol/L, respectively, P<0.05). The activities of transketolase (TK), glutathione reductase, and Na+/K+ adenosine triphosphatase were significantly increased in the B vitamin-treated groups and were significantly greater than those in the HO group (P<0.05). Furthermore, the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, pyruvic acid kinase, and succinate dehydrogenase activities also were increased after treatment with B vitamins. Supplementation with B vitamins could effectively reduce BW gain and plasma levels of lipids by improving energy metabolism-related enzyme activities in rats, thus possibly providing potential benefits to humans. © 2018, Huazhong University of Science and Technology.
Prenatal and early life fructose, fructose-containing beverages, and midchildhood asthma; Rationale: Cross-sectional studies have linked intake of high-fructose corn syrup-sweetened beverages with asthma in schoolchildren. Objectives: To examine associations of maternal prenatal and early childhood intake of sugar-sweetened beverages and fructose with current asthma in midchildhood (median age, 7.7 yr). Methods: We assessed maternal pregnancy (first- and second-trimester average) and child (median age, 3.3 yr) intake of sugar-sweetened beverages and total fructose using food frequency questionnaires in 1,068 mother-child pairs from Project Viva, a prospective prebirth cohort. In a multivariable analysis, we examined associations of quartiles of maternal and child sugar-sweetened beverage, juice, and total fructose intake with child current asthma in midchildhood, assessed by questionnaire as ever having doctor-diagnosed asthma plus taking asthma medications or reporting wheezing in the past 12 months. Results: Higher maternal pregnancy sugar-sweetened beverage consumption (mean, 0.6 servings/d; range, 0-5) was associated with younger maternal age, nonwhite race/ethnicity, lower education and income, and higher prepregnancy body mass index. Adjusting for prepregnancy body mass index and other covariates, comparing quartile 4 with quartile 1, higher maternal pregnancy intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (odds ratio, 1.70; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-2.67) and total fructose (odds ratio, 1.58; 95% confidence interval, 0.98-2.53) were associated with greater odds of midchildhood current asthma (prevalence, 19%). Higher early childhood fructose intake (quartile 4 vs. quartile 1) was also associated with midchildhood current asthma in models adjusted for maternal sugar-sweetened beverages (odds ratio, 1.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-2.97) and after additional adjustment for midchildhood body mass index z-score (odds ratio, 1.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.06-2.95). Conclusions: Higher sugar-sweetened beverage and fructose intake during pregnancy and in early childhood was associated with childhood asthma development independent of adiposity. © Copyright 2018 by the American Thoracic Society.
Detecting personalized determinants during drug treatment from omics big data; Backgrounds: Targeted therapy is the foundation of personalized medicine in cancer, which is often understood as the right patient using the right drug. Thinking from the viewpoint of determinants during personalized drug treatment, the genetics, epigenetics and metagenomics would provide individual-specific biological elements to characterize the personalized responses for therapy.Methods: Such personalized determinants should be not only understood as specific to one person, while they should have certain replicate observations in a group of individuals but not all, which actually provide more credible and reproducible personalized biological features. The requirement of detecting personalized determinants is well supported by novel high-throughput sequencing technologies and newly temporal-spatial experimental protocols, which quickly produce the omics big data.Results: In this mini-review, we would like to give a brief introduction firstly on the advanced drug or drug-like therapy with genetics, epigenetics and metagenomics, respectively, from the viewpoint of personalized determinants; then summarize the computational methods helpful to analyze the corresponding omics data under the consideration of personalized biological context; and particularly focus on metagenomics to discuss current data, method, and opportunity for personalized medicine.Conclusion: Totally, detecting personalized determinants during drug treatment from omics big data will bring the precision medicine or personalized medicine from concept to application. More and more inspiring bio-technologies, data resources, and analytic approaches will benefit All of US inthe near future. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Sitosterol prevents obesity-related chronic inflammation; The physiological roles of phytosterols in chronic inflammation, which are believed to be involved in the underlying mechanisms for metabolic diseases, have yet to be elucidated. Therefore, in the present study, we aimed to elucidate the physiological roles of phytosterols in both clinical studies and animal experiments. We observed the existence of rather specific negative correlations between the serum sitosterol level and the serum IL-6 and the TNF-α levels in both diabetic subjects (n = 46) and non-diabetic subjects (n = 178). Multiple regression analyses also revealed that the serum IL-6 and TNF-α levels exhibited strong negative correlations with the serum sitosterol levels. When ABCG5/8 KO mice with markedly elevated plasma sitosterol levels and ABCG5/8 hetero mice were fed a high-fat diet, we observed that the increase in body weight, the fatty liver changes, and the expansion of perigonadal adipose tissues were suppressed in ABCG5/8 KO mice without any modulation of food intake. We also observed that the plasma IL-6 and TNF-α levels, the expressions of TNF-α and PAI-1 in the liver and the expressions of the IL-6, TNF-α, and MCP-1 levels in the adipose tissue were lower in ABCG5/8 KO mice. These results suggest that sitosterol might suppress obesity-related chronic inflammation and might be applicable to the treatment of metabolic diseases. © 2017
Perinatal programming - An overvie; Over the past decades, the perinatal period has been shown to play a pivotal role for life-long health. Multiple influencing factors before and during pregnancy as well as during early stages of postnatal development can influence organogenesis and long-term organ function. Among them, prenatal maternal nutrition, psychosocial stress and immunological processes range among the most intensively studied. But even parental health before conception has been reported to influence the offspring's long-term health. In search for the underlying mechanisms, epigenetic processes have been identified to influence long-term disease susceptibility and even transduction of disease risk to future generations. The perinatal period should thus be seen as a window of opportunity for taking preventive measures and improving the health of generations to come. A growing awareness among physicians for the vulnerability and potential of the perinatal period will majorly contribute to the development of effective preventive measures. © 2018 by Mediengruppe Oberfranken - Fachverlage GmbH & Co. KG.
Yeast β-Glucan Suppresses the Chronic Inflammation and Improves the Microenvironment in Adipose Tissues of ob/ob Mice; Inflammation in visceral adipose tissues (VATs) contributes to the pathology of diabetes. This study focused on the inflammatory regulation in VATs by a yeast β-1,3-glucan (BYG) orally administered to ob/ob mice. BYG decreased pro-inflammatory modulators of TNF-α, IL-6, IL-1β, CCL2, and SAA3, and increased anti-inflammatory factors of Azgp1 (2.53 ± 0.02-fold change) at protein and/or mRNA levels (p < 0.05). Remarkably, BYG decreased the degree of adipose tissue macrophages (ATMs) infiltration to 82.5 ± 8.3%, especially the newly recruited ATMs. Interestingly, BYG increased the protective Th2 cell regulator GATA3 (7.72 ± 0.04-fold change) and decreased immunosuppressors IL-10 and IL-1ra, suggesting that BYG elicited inflammation inhibition via stimulating immune responses. Additionally, BYG increased the gut microbiota proportion of Akkermansia from 0.07% to 4.85% and improved the microenvironment of VATs through decreasing fibrosis and angiogenesis. These findings suggest that BYG has anti-inflammatory effect in diabetic mice, which can be used as a food component and/or therapeutic agent for diabetes. © 2017 American Chemical Society.
Adropin levels in women with polycystic ovaries undergoing ovarian stimulation: correlation with lipoprotein lipid profiles; This study aimed to investigate serum and follicular fluid (FF) adropin levels in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and normal women undergoing controlled ovarian stimulation and correlate them with the lipid and lipoprotein levels. We included 60 women (30 lean and 30 overweight) with diagnosed PCOS, and 60 age and weight-matched non-PCOS controls (30 lean and 30 overweight), under in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment. Serum lipid and lipoprotein levels were assessed by the Abbott Architect c8000 autoanalyzer while adropin levels were determined by enzyme immunoassay. Serum and FF adropin levels were significantly lower in PCOS women compared with controls and FF adropin levels were lower than serum levels. Significantly higher serum levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B, lipoprotein(a) and homocysteine were encountered in PCOS subjects, while HDL-C and apolipoprotein A1 were significantly lower compared with controls. According to univariate and multivariate analysis, serum and FF adropin levels were positively correlated with BMI and HDL-C levels and negatively correlated with LDL-C levels. Women with polycystic ovaries exhibit lipid lipoprotein alterations increasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases later in life. Our findings suggest a probable involvement of adropin both in human metabolism and in the pathophysiology of PCOS. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A New Insight into the Roles of MiRNAs in Metabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS), which includes several clinical components such as abdominal obesity, insulin resistance (IR), dyslipidemia, microalbuminuria, hypertension, proinflammatory state, and oxidative stress (OS), has become a global epidemic health issue contributing to a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In recent years, microRNAs (miRNAs), used as noninvasive biomarkers for diagnosis and therapy, have aroused global interest in complex processes in health and diseases, including MetS and its components. MiRNAs can exist stably in serum, liver, skeletal muscle (SM), heart muscle, adipose tissue (AT), and βcells, because of their ability to escape the digestion of RNase. Here we first present an overall review on recent findings of the relationship between miRNAs and several main components of MetS, such as IR, obesity, diabetes, lipid metabolism, hypertension, hyperuricemia, and stress, to illustrate the targeting proteins or relevant pathways that are involved in the progress of MetS and also help us find promising novel diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. © 2018 Yuxiang Huang et al.
Pathogenesis of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Type 2 diabetes is characterized by multiple pathophysiologic abnormalities which collectively have been referred to as the Ominous Octet: – Muscle insulin resistance → reduced glucose uptake – Hepatic insulin resistance → excessive glucose production – Adipocyte insulin resistance → accelerated lipolysis and elevated circulating levels of FFA and insulin-resistance provoking adipocytokines – Progressive β-cell failure and apoptosis – Increased alpha cell secretion of glucagon and increased hepatic sensitivity to glucagon – Reduced incretin effect due to beta cell resistance to GLP-1 and GIP – Increased renal glucose production – Elevated renal tubular glucose reabsorption – Brain insulin resistance and altered neurotransmitter dysfunction leading to impaired appetite suppression and weight gain. • Insulin resistance in muscle and liver are the earliest detectable abnormalities in the natural history of type 2 diabetes. • With time, progressive β-cell failure ensues and, in the presence of insulin resistance, individuals progress from normal glucose tolerance to impaired glucose tolerance to overt type 2 diabetes. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.
Effects of synbiotics on anthropometric indices of obesity in children: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study; A pilot study was done to assess whether synbiotics supplementation could optimize anthropometric indices in Iranian obese children. Participants included 46 overweight or obese children 7 to 13 years of age. The treatment group had a restricted diet, physical activity plan, and a synbiotics capsule per day for 12 weeks. The placebo group received a similar diet, activity plan, and placebo capsules. Body fat and z scores for body mass index showed significant reductions in both groups; however, waist circumference decreased significantly only in the synbiotics group. Between-group comparisons showed no significant differences in any variable. Our findings showed that synbiotics can improve the benefits of lifestyle modifications by decreasing waist circumference in overweight or obese children. Copyright © 2018 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Plant-based diets for health maintenance and disease prevention: Why and how?; Organs and tissues of biological systems must control the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) across the human life span. ROS are produced continuously as by-products of normal cell metabolism and also under stress conditions, such as malnutrition, undernutrition, environmental pollutants and unhealthy lifestyle behaviours. A fine balance between the levels of cellular ROS and enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants is crucial for cell redox homeostasis and organ structural integrity and function. Disturbance of this balance causes oxidative damages of cellular macromolecules, induces mitochondrial defect and ultimately leads to organ dysfunction and increases the risk of development and progression of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs). Bioactive antioxidant compounds in plant foods can protect biological organs and tissues against ROS-induced oxidative stress, thereby promoting health and preventing or delaying the onset of NCDs. There are at least two possible preventive strategies for health maintenance and disease prevention: avoiding exposure to ROS-generating environmental factors and boosting cellular antioxidant defence capacity. Therefore, both regular intake of plant-based diets rich in antioxidants and healthy lifestyle behaviours can potentially prevent ROS-induced oxidative stress and associated NCDs. Considering the biodiversity and availability of plants worldwide and their beneficial health impacts, this chapter will review why and how plant-based diets and their bioactive antioxidant compounds, in addition to healthy lifestyle behaviours, can provide support for health maintenance and disease prevention. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017.
Implications of probiotics on the maternal-neonatal interface: gut microbiota, immunomodulation, and autoimmunity; Probiotics are being investigated for the treatment of autoimmune disease by re-balancing dysbiosis induced changes in the immune system. Pregnancy is a health concern surrounding autoimmune disease, both for the mother and her child. Probiotics for maternity are emerging on the market and have gained significant momentum in the literature. Thus far, evidence supports that probiotics alter the structure of the normal microbiota and the microbiota changes significantly during pregnancy. The interaction between probiotics-induced changes and normal changes during pregnancy is poorly understood. Furthermore, there is emerging evidence that the maternal gut microbiota influences the microbiota of offspring, leading to questions on how maternal probiotics may influence the health of neonates. Underpinning the development and balance of the immune system, the microbiota, especially that of the gut, is significantly important, and dysbiosis is an agent of immune dysregulation and autoimmunity. However, few studies exist on the implications of maternal probiotics for the outcome of pregnancy in autoimmune disease. Is it helpful or harmful for mother with autoimmune disease to take probiotics, and would this be protective or pathogenic for her child? Controversy surrounds whether probiotics administered maternally or during infancy are healthful for allergic disease, and their use for autoimmunity is relatively unexplored. This review aims to discuss the use of maternal probiotics in health and autoimmune disease and to investigate their immunomodulatory properties. © 2018 Swartwout and Luo.
The impact of serum adropin and ischemia modified albumin levels based on BMI in PCOS; Introduction: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and body mass index (BMI) on serum adropin and ischemia modified albumin (IMA) levels. Material and methods: This prospective cross-sectional study was performed with a total of 120 women [group1; non-PCOS = 60 (BMI < 25 = 30, BMI ≥ 25 = 30) and group 2; PCOS = 60 (BMI < 25 = 30, BMI ≥ 25 = 30)]. Blood samples were collected between the third and fifth days of the women’s menstrual cycles after a night of fasting. Results: There were no differences between the groups in relation to age, basal follicle stimulating hormone, estradiol, thyroid stimulating hormone, prolactin, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels, systolic and diastolic blood pressures. A significant difference was found in basal luteinizing hormone, fasting glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, free testosterone levels, waist-to-hip ratios and the Ferriman-Gallwey scores between the PCOS and non-PCOS patients in the lean and overweight groups (P < 0.05). The serum adropin levels in the lean PCOS group were lower than in the lean non-PCOS group (P < 0.05) and were lower in the overweight PCOS group than in the overweight non-PCOS group (P < 0.05). There was also a statistically significant difference in serum IMA levels in the PCOS group than in the non-PCOS group in both the lean and overweight groups (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Although serum adropin levels were significantly decreased in the PCOS group, IMA levels increased. Further studies are needed to determine the effects of adropin and IMA in women with PCOS and to use a new marker to monitorize treatment outcomes. © 2018 Via Medica. All rights reserved.
Chemerin as an early marker of metabolic syndrome; Chemerin (CHEM) is a protein synthesized primarily by adiposse tissue and liver. CHEM acts both paracrine and autocrine, stimulating adipocytes maturation and differentiation. In addition to its hormonal function, CHEM acts as a chemoattractant for immune cells, regulating the innate and acquired inflammatory response. Its pleiotropic properties also affect the carbohydrates and lipids metabolism. High concentrations of CHEM are observed in people with obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia – components of the metabolic syndrome. Therefore CHEM also may be considered as an early predictive marker for diagnosing metabolic syndrome, also in adolescence and childhood. © Copyright by PTEiDD 2018.
Pathogenesis of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Type 2 diabetes is characterized by multiple pathophysiologic abnormalities which collectively have been referred to as the Ominous Octet:Muscle insulin resistance → reduced glucose uptakeHepatic insulin resistance → excessive glucose productionAdipocyte insulin resistance → accelerated lipolysis and elevated circulating levels of FFA and insulin-resistance provoking adipocytokinesProgressive β-cell failure and apoptosisIncreased alpha cell secretion of glucagon and increased hepatic sensitivity to glucagonReduced incretin effect due to beta cell resistance to GLP-1 and GIPIncreased renal glucose productionElevated renal tubular glucose reabsorptionBrain insulin resistance and altered neurotransmitter dysfunction leading to impaired appetite suppression and weight gain.Insulin resistance in muscle and liver are the earliest detectable abnormalities in the natural history of type 2 diabetes.With time, progressive β-cell failure ensues and, in the presence of insulin resistance, individuals progress from normal glucose tolerance to impaired glucose tolerance to overt type 2 diabetes. © 2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.
Patterns of plasma glucagon dynamics do notmatch metabolic phenotypes in young women; Context: The role of hyperglucagonemia in type 2 diabetes is still debated. Objective: We analyzed glucagon dynamics during oral glucose tolerance tests (oGTTs) in young women with one out of three metabolic phenotypes: healthy control (normoglycemic after a normoglycemic pregnancy), normoglycemic high-risk (normoglycemic after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes), and prediabetes/screening-diagnosed type 2 diabetes.We asked if glucagon patterns were homogeneous within the metabolic phenotypes. Design and Setting: Five-point oGTT, sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for glucagon, and functional data analysis with unsupervised clustering. Participants: Cross-sectional analysis of 285 women from the monocenter observational study Prediction, Prevention, and Subclassification of gestational and type 2 Diabetes, recruited between November 2011 and May 2016. Results: We found four patterns of glucagon dynamics that did not match the metabolic phenotypes. Elevated fasting glucagon and delayed glucagon suppression was overrepresented with prediabetes/diabetes, but this was only detected in 21% of this group. It also occurred in 8% of the control group. Conclusions:Weconclude that hyperglucagonemia may contribute to type 2 diabetes in a subgroup of affected individuals but that it is not a sine qua non for the disease. This should be considered in future pathophysiological studies and when testing pharmacotherapies addressing glucagon signaling. Copyright © 2018 Endocrine Society.
Global aetiology and epidemiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications; Globally, the number of people with diabetes mellitus has quadrupled in the past three decades, and diabetes mellitus is the ninth major cause of death. About 1 in 11 adults worldwide now have diabetes mellitus, 90% of whom have type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Asia is a major area of the rapidly emerging T2DM global epidemic, with China and India the top two epicentres. Although genetic predisposition partly determines individual susceptibility to T2DM, an unhealthy diet and a sedentary lifestyle are important drivers of the current global epidemic; early developmental factors (such as intrauterine exposures) also have a role in susceptibility to T2DM later in life. Many cases of T2DM could be prevented with lifestyle changes, including maintaining a healthy body weight, consuming a healthy diet, staying physically active, not smoking and drinking alcohol in moderation. Most patients with T2DM have at least one complication, and cardiovascular complications are the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in these patients. This Review provides an updated view of the global epidemiology of T2DM, as well as dietary, lifestyle and other risk factors for T2DM and its complications. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Quality assurance procedures for mass spectrometry untargeted metabolomics. a review; Untargeted metabolomics, as a global approach, has already proven its great potential and capabilities for the investigation of health and disease, as well as the wide applicability for other research areas. Although great progress has been made on the feasibility of metabolomics experiments, there are still some challenges that should be faced and that includes all sources of fluctuations and bias affecting every step involved in multiplatform untargeted metabolomics studies. The identification and reduction of the main sources of unwanted variation regarding the pre-analytical, analytical and post-analytical phase of metabolomics experiments is essential to ensure high data quality. Nowadays, there is still a lack of information regarding harmonized guidelines for quality assurance as those available for targeted analysis. In this review, sources of variations to be considered and minimized along with methodologies and strategies for monitoring and improvement the quality of the results are discussed. The given information is based on evidences from different groups among our own experiences and recommendations for each stage of the metabolomics workflow. The comprehensive overview with tools presented here might serve other researchers interested in monitoring, controlling and improving the reliability of their findings by implementation of good experimental quality practices in the untargeted metabolomics study. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Iron reduction response and demographic differences between diabetics and non-diabetics with cardiovascular disease entered into a controlled clinical trial; Iron-catalyzed oxygen-free radical-induced oxidative stress mediates the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Diabetics (n = 473) and non-diabetics (n = 804) with CVD entered into a randomized trial of iron (ferritin) reduction by calibrated phlebotomy (www.clinicaltrials.gov, Identifier NCT00032357) had comparable iron measures at entry but diabetics had a greater burden of CVD and comorbidities, lower hemoglobin and hematocrit levels, and higher glucose levels than non-diabetics. Entry iron measures were lower in diabetics on hypoglycemic therapy compared to previously untreated diabetics. Diabetics and non-diabetics had comparable iron measures during follow-up. The Loess analysis of paired ferritin and hemoglobin, and paired ferritin and glucose levels in diabetics randomized to phlebotomy showed higher ferritin levels associated with lower hemoglobin and higher glucose levels. Progressive ferritin reduction in diabetics correlated with increasing hemoglobin and decreasing glucose levels, neither of which reached levels observed in non-diabetics. We postulate that phlebotomy-triggered autophagy (ferritinophagy) released redox-active iron sequestered intracellularly, worsening anemia and glucose utilization that corrected partially with ferritin reduction. Intracellular redox-active iron levels contributory to disease, not reflected in peripheral iron measures, may persist because of glycation of iron transport proteins in diabetes. These findings suggest novel strategies for disease prevention and improving outcomes in diabetes and CVD. © 2018 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Irisin in metabolic diseases; Introduction: Irisin is a myokine/adipokine induced by the exercise in mice and humans, which is proposed to induce “browning” of white adipose tissue, its primary target, thus increasing thermogenesis and energy expenditure. Since its identification, irisin has been linked to favorable effects on metabolic diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), lipid metabolism and cardiovascular disease (CVD), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and metabolic bone diseases. Generally, despite the promising profile of irisin in rodents, its effects on human are less recognized. Review: Most, but not all studies show a positive association between irisin and indices of adiposity. In T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD, most observational studies reported lower irisin levels in patients than controls. Regarding metabolic bone diseases, irisin is positively associated with bone mineral density and strength in athletes, and inversely associated with osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal osteoporosis. In PCOS, data remain largely conflicting. Irisin does not seem to be further reduced when two metabolic diseases, e.g., T2DM and NAFLD, or obesity and NAFLD exist though more data are needed. Furthermore, it seems that diverse confounders may have affected the results of different clinical studies. Conclusion: Irisin remains an appealing molecule from a pathophysiological point of view and an appealing therapeutic target for metabolic diseases, albeit much research is still needed. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The Potential of Epigenetic Compounds in Treating Diabetes; Globally, diabetes (and in particular type 2 diabetes) continues to present as a major health challenge worldwide. Despite our efforts, our understanding of the genetic events underpinning diabetes pathogenesis remains poor. Altered epigenetics has, however, been firmly associated with many aspects critical to diabetes pathogenesis, and our increased understanding in this area has resulted in the identification of several therapeutic options with potential for the management of diabetes. This chapter outlines how epigenetics is altered in diabetes, how this may contribute to diabetes pathogenesis, and summarizes how targeting epigenetics may have significant potential benefit in the treatment of this condition. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The influence of palatable high-energy diet in diet-induced obesity pregnant rats on offspring oxidative stress in liver; OBJECTIVE: We established an animal model of diet-induced obesity pregnant rats and their offsprings, and explored the effect of high-energy feeding on oxidative stress in filial rat liver, as well as the underlying mechanism. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnant female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly assigned into two groups: Control group and palatable high-energy diet (PHED) group. Liver tissues were obtained 12 days after offspring rats were born for further study. The expressions of malondialdehyde (MDA), reduced glutathione (GSH) and antioxidative enzyme activities were measured, and pathological change of liver tissues was examined by HE staining. In addition, the expressions of inflammatory factors, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), IL-1β, and mRNA level of Heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), were examined by ELISA and RT-PCR, respectively. Furthermore, COX-2 and nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB) expressions were also examined by Western Blot. RESULTS: O ffspring r ats of PHED group displayed a significantly higher level of MDA than the control group, and significantly lower level of GSH. Significant reductions in the activities of a number of antioxidant enzymes, such as glutathione S-transferase (GST), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), were found in the PHED group offspring rats compared to the control group offspring rats. HE staining showed the liver cells in the control group offspring rats showed normal histopathological appearance, such as well-aligned cell patterning and unchanged cellular structure, but in the PHED group offspring rats showed slight structure deformation and misalignment. HO-1 mRNA in PHED group offspring rats is significantly higher than that in the control group offspring rats. Also, the expression of COX-2 and p-NF- κB-p65 in PHED group offspring rat liver is 72% and 38% higher than in the control group offspring rat liver, respectively. Expression of NF- κB-p65 in PHED group offspring rats is also significantly higher than that in the control group offspring rats. CONCLUSIONS: Palatable high-energy intake of obesity pregnant rats could lead to reduced antioxidant function in offspring rat liver, even increase the chance of chronical liver disease in the early ages of offsprings. The underlying mechanism is associated with the activity of NF- κB protein. © 2018 Verduci Editore. All rights reserved.
Metabolomic signatures and metabolic complications in childhood obesity; Type 2 diabetes is caused by complex interactions between genetic and environmental factors. Comprehensive metabolite profiling or "metabolomics" defines the chemical phenotype of biological systems and explores their integrated responses to genetic variation and environmental changes. Thus, application of metabolomics in childhood obesity can play a key role in defining novel disease mechanisms and targets for early diabetes prevention and treatment. This chapter seeks to review the application of metabolomics to childhood obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018.
Impact of obesity and hyperglycemia on placental mitochondria; A lipotoxic placental environment is recognized in maternal obesity, with increased inflammation and oxidative stress. These changes might alter mitochondrial function, with excessive production of reactive oxygen species, in a vicious cycle leading to placental dysfunction and impaired pregnancy outcomes. Here, we hypothesize that maternal pregestational body mass index (BMI) and glycemic levels can alter placental mitochondria. We measured mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA, real-time PCR) and morphology (electron microscopy) in placentas of forty-seven singleton pregnancies at elective cesarean section. Thirty-seven women were normoglycemic: twenty-one normal-weight women, NW, and sixteen obese women, OB/GDM(-). Ten obese women had gestational diabetes mellitus, OB/GDM(+). OB/GDM(-) presented higher mtDNA levels versus NW, suggesting increased mitochondrial biogenesis in the normoglycemic obese group. These mitochondria showed similar morphology to NW. On the contrary, in OB/GDM(+), mtDNA was not significantly increased versus NW. Nevertheless, mitochondria showed morphological abnormalities, indicating impaired functionality. The metabolic response of the placenta to impairment in obese pregnancies can possibly vary depending on several parameters, resulting in opposite strains acting when insulin resistance of GDM occurs in the obese environment, characterized by inflammation and oxidative stress. Therefore, mitochondrial alterations represent a feature of obese pregnancies with changes in placental energetics that possibly can affect pregnancy outcomes. © 2018 Chiara Mandò et al.
The influence of orlistat, metformin and diet on serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 in obese women with and without insulin resistance; A range of studies showed confusing data about the relationship between obesity, weight reduction and circulating total insulin-like growth factor -1 (IGF-1). The aim of the study was to compare the influence of orlistat (IO), metformin (IM), or calorie-restricted diet (LC) on IGF-1, with special respect to insulin-resistance status. One hundred and fourteen obese women aged from 18 to 40 years were divided into insulin sensitive (IS) and insulin resistant (IR) groups and received a low calorie diet (LC), or an isocaloric diet and 500 mg metformin twice daily (IM), or isocaloric diet with 120 mg orlistat three times daily (IO). Before and after the intervention anthropometric parameters, serum lipid profile, serum concentrations of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, insulin, glucose, IGF-1, HOMA-IR (homeostatic model assessment), and visceral adiposity index (VAI), and their changes were registered. Although the reductions in weight and body fat were comparable in IS and IR groups, only women with IR showed a significant increase in IGF-1 concentration as a result of all interventions. We found significant positive correlations of ?IGF-1 with initial and ? values of: HOMA-IR, triglyceride/highdensity cholesterol ratio, VAI. IR premenopausal women show significant increase in IGF-1 serum concentrations regardless the method of intervention. The increase in IGF-1 was parallel to the improvement of insulin resistance parameters. © 2018, Polish Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Salivary adiponectin and leptin levels are increased in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and gingival inflammation; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with first onset or diagnosis in pregnancy. This study evaluated clinical and biochemical parameters in a possible association between GDM and gingival inflammation. Materials and Methods: A total of 87 pregnant women - 44 with GDM and 43 without (NGDM) - were included. Subgroups were created according to gingival inflammation. Plaque index (PI), bleeding on probing (BOP), and probing depth (PD) were recorded. Results: Age, anthropometric variables and baby weight (g) were all statistically significantly higher in the GDM group (p < 0.0001). Systolic and diastolic blood pressure (mmHg), saliva, serum leptin and adiponectin levels were similar in the GDM and NGDM groups (p = 0.605, p = 0.662, p = 0.737, and p = 0.596, respectively). Salivary adiponectin levels were statistically significantly higher in the two subgroups with gingivitis compared to those with clinically healthy periodontium (p < 0.01). Serum adiponectin levels were statistically significantly higher in the NGDM subgroup with gingivitis than the NGDM group with clinically healthy periodontium (p < 0.05). Statistically significant positive correlations were found between PD, PI, BOP and saliva adiponectin levels in the GDM group (p < 0.05). Positive correlations were also found between clinical periodontal parameters and saliva, serum levels of adiponectin in the control group without GDM (p < 0.05). Conclusion: The higher salivary adiponectin levels in the gingivitis groups suggest that gingival inflammation is more likely to influence local inflammatory parameters both in the presence and absence of GDM. Further largerscale studies are required to better clarify the possible interactions between gingival inflammation and GDM. © 2018 Quintessence Publishing Co., Ltd.
Association between maternal gluten intake and type 1 diabetes in offspring: National prospective cohort study in Denmark; Objective To examine the association between prenatal gluten exposure and offspring risk of type 1 diabetes in humans. Design National prospective cohort study. Setting National health information registries in Denmark. Participants Pregnant Danish women enrolled into the Danish National Birth Cohort, between January 1996 and October 2002, Main outcome measures Maternal gluten intake, based on maternal consumption of gluten containing foods, was reported in a 360 item food frequency questionnaire at week 25 of pregnancy. Information on type 1 diabetes occurrence in the participants' children, from 1 January 1996 to 31 May 2016, were obtained through registry linkage to the Danish Registry of Childhood and Adolescent Diabetes. Results The study comprised 101 042 pregnancies in 91 745 women, of whom 70 188 filled out the food frequency questionnaire. After correcting for multiple pregnancies, pregnancies ending in abortions, stillbirths, lack of information regarding the pregnancy, and pregnancies with implausibly high or low energy intake, 67 565 pregnancies (63 529 women) were included. The average gluten intake was 13.0 g/day, ranging from less than 7 g/day to more than 20 g/day. The incidence of type 1 diabetes among children in the cohort was 0.37% (n=247) with a mean follow-up period of 15.6 years (standard deviation 1.4). Risk of type 1 diabetes in offspring increased proportionally with maternal gluten intake during pregnancy (adjusted hazard ratio 1.31 (95% confidence interval 1.001 to 1.72) per 10 g/day increase of gluten). Women with the highest gluten intake versus those with the lowest gluten intake (≥20 v <7 g/day) had double the risk of type 1 diabetes development in their offspring (adjusted hazard ratio 2.00 (95% confidence interval 1.02 to 4.00)). Conclusions High gluten intake by mothers during pregnancy could increase the risk of their children developing type 1 diabetes. However, confirmation of these findings are warranted, preferably in an intervention setting. © Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited.
Metabolic Syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a multiple risk factor complex for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). These risk factors consist of atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, elevated plasma glucose, a prothrombotic state, and a pro-inflammatory state. The presence of the metabolic syndrome doubles the risk for ASCVD and causes a fivefold increase in the risk for type 2 diabetes. Multiple factors contribute to the syndrome. The most important are overnutrition combined with catabolic defects in individual risk parameters. The accumulation of ectopic lipid in target tissues appears to be a common denominator in risk factor development. Most individuals with metabolic syndrome exhibit insulin resistance, and most also manifest upper body obesity. Both these abnormalities are produced largely by overnutrition. Primary management of metabolic syndrome is caloric restriction combined with increased physical activity. If this approach does not eliminate affected risk factors, consideration must be given to the use of drug therapies to treat individual risk factors. © This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the US; foreign copyright protection may apply 2018.
Metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a multiple risk factor complex for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). These risk factors consist of atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, elevated plasma glucose, a prothrombotic state, and a pro-inflammatory state. The presence of the metabolic syndrome doubles the risk for ASCVD and causes a fivefold increase in the risk for type 2 diabetes. Multiple factors contribute to the syndrome. The most important are overnutrition combined with catabolic defects in individual risk parameters. The accumulation of ectopic lipid in target tissues appears to be a common denominator in risk factor development. Most individuals with metabolic syndrome exhibit insulin resistance, and most also manifest upper body obesity. Both these abnormalities are produced largely by overnutrition. Primary management of metabolic syndrome is caloric restriction combined with increased physical activity. If this approach does not eliminate affected risk factors, consideration must be given to the use of drug therapies to treat individual risk factors. © This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the US; foreign copyright protection may apply 2018.
Gut microbiome and aging: Physiological and mechanistic insights; The development of human gut microbiota begins as soon as the neonate leaves the protective environment of the uterus (or maybe in-utero) and is exposed to innumerable microorganisms from the mother as well as the surrounding environment. Concurrently, the host responses to these microbes during early life manifest during the development of an otherwise hitherto immature immune system. The human gut microbiome, which comprises an extremely diverse and complex community of microorganisms inhabiting the intestinal tract, keeps on fluctuating during different stages of life. While these deviations are largely natural, inevitable and benign, recent studies show that unsolicited perturbations in gut microbiota configuration could have strong impact on several features of host health and disease. Our microbiota undergoes the most prominent deviations during infancy and old age and, interestingly, our immune health is also in its weakest and most unstable state during these two critical stages of life, indicating that our microbiota and health develop and age hand-in-hand. However, the mechanisms underlying these interactions are only now beginning to be revealed. The present review summarizes the evidences related to the age-associated changes in intestinal microbiota and vice-versa, mechanisms involved in this bi-directional relationship, and the prospective for development of microbiota-based interventions such as probiotics for healthy aging. © 2018 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
High throughput metabolomics in clinical studies: Review and new applications to remote ischemic preconditioning; Metabolomic analysis has made substantial contributions to the understanding of diverse pathological processes and has the potential to improve diagnosis and identify novel therapeutic targets. As early success in perinatal medicine, nutrition, chronic diseases, cancer and trauma demonstrates, metabolomics is approaching feasibility in terms of guiding improvement in population-level diagnosis and treatment. A key barrier to implementing metabolomics as a routine diagnostic tool is rapid sample extraction and data analysis along with the establishment of normal values for novel metabolic markers. This review covers key advancements in clinical metabolomics and applies a high throughput metabolomics method as a proof of principle to identify novel metabolites associated with remote ischemic preconditioning. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Ethnic Differences in Visceral Adiposity Measured in Early Pregnancy; Objective: To determine if visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) depth in early pregnancy differs by maternal ethnicity. Methods: We prospectively evaluated 482 women without pre-pregnancy diabetes. All underwent sonographic measurement of VAT and SAT depth at 11 to 14 weeks’ gestation. Results: SAT did not differ between groups, but VAT did. Compared with Canadian-born women (3.9 cm, 95% CI 3.7–4.1), mean VAT depth was higher among Latin American (4.6 cm, 95% CI 4.1–5.2), Sub-Saharan African (5.0 cm, 95% CI 4.0–6.1), and Caribbean (6.0 cm, 95% CI 4.8–7.3) women. Adjusting for age, parity, and 1/height2, the relative risks of having a VAT depth >80th percentile were 1.69 (95% CI 1.05–2.73) for Latin American, 2.24 (95% CI 1.28–3.93) for Sub-Saharan African, and 3.34 (95% CI 1.91–5.84) for Caribbean women, relative to Canadian-born women. Women from these world regions also had a greater percentage of preterm births and emergency CSs. Conclusion: VAT differs appreciably among certain ethnic groups, which may reflect their predisposition to adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2018 Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada
Anesthesia review: 1000 questions and answers to blast the basics and ace the advanced; With contributors from Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, the unique and thorough Anesthesia Review: 1000 Questions and Answers to Blast the BASICS and Ace the ADVANCED covers both BASIC or ADVANCED levels of Anesthesiology training in a single volume. Any resident in Anesthesiology will find a gold mine of material-including topic-specific chapters with exam-like questions, answers with explanations, and references for further, in-depth review-for fast, efficient preparation. • Format and style of questions align directly with what you'll encounter on actual exams. • Perfect for Anesthesiology Residents, Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists, and Advanced Practice Nurses. • Answer explanations include reasons for incorrect answers, as well as references for further study, ideal for anyone who wants more help with topics. Enrich Your eBook Reading Experience with Enhanced Video, Audio and Interactive Capabilities! • Read directly on your preferred device(s), such as computer, tablet, or smartphone. • Customize for your language, including right-to-left reading, vertical writing, and enhanced annotation in over 30 languages. • Easily convert to audiobook, powering your content with natural language text-to-speech. • Adapt for unique reading needs, supporting learning disabilities, visual/auditory impairments, second-language or literacy challenges, and more. © 2019 Wolters Kluwer. All rights reserved.
Bile acid–microbiota crosstalk in gastrointestinal inflammation and carcinogenesis; Emerging evidence points to a strong association between the gut microbiota and the risk, development and progression of gastrointestinal cancers such as colorectal cancer (CRC) and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Bile acids, produced in the liver, are metabolized by enzymes derived from intestinal bacteria and are critically important for maintaining a healthy gut microbiota, balanced lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, insulin sensitivity and innate immunity. Given the complexity of bile acid signalling and the direct biochemical interactions between the gut microbiota and the host, a systems biology perspective is required to understand the liver–bile acid–microbiota axis and its role in gastrointestinal carcinogenesis to reverse the microbiota-mediated alterations in bile acid metabolism that occur in disease States. An examination of recent research progress in this area is urgently needed. In this Review, we discuss the mechanistic links between bile acids and gastrointestinal carcinogenesis in CRC and HCC, which involve two major bile acid-sensing receptors, farnesoid X receptor (FXR) and G protein-coupled bile acid receptor 1 (TGR5). We also highlight the strategies and cutting-edge technologies to target gut-microbiota-dependent alterations in bile acid metabolism in the context of cancer therapy. © 2018 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Comparative proteomic analysis of two differently extracted coptis chinensis in the treatment of type 2 diabetic rats; Coptis chinensis (CC) is widely used to treat diabetes in traditional Chinese medicine due to its significant hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects. It was reported that CC powders are more effective than CC decoctions. In this study, a rat model of type 2 diabetes was established and treated with supercritical-extracted CC and gastric juice extracted CC, respectively. Body weight, fasting plasma insulin, insulin resistance index, and lipid profiles were measured along with oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs). In addition, the levels of plasma proteins were compared between type 2 diabetic rats and CC-treated rats using an iTRAQ-based quantitative proteomic analysis. The results showed that the plasma levels of triglyceride (TC), total cholesterol (TG), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) in rats of both CC-treated groups were significantly decreased. In addition, the proteomic analysis identified 929 proteins, while 15 proteins were selected from these 929 proteins based on their expression levels and bioinformatic results. Among these 15 proteins, 9 proteins (IGF-1, Igfbp4, Igfbp-6, Igfals, C2, C4, Cfi, Prdx-2, and Prdx-3) were upregulated in the two CC-treated groups, while 6 proteins (Pla2g7, Pcyox1, ApoC-1, ApoC-3, ApoB-100, and ApoE) were downregulated. The functions of these proteins are associated with glucose metabolism, insulin action, immunity, inflammation, lipid metabolism, oxidation, and antioxidation. The two differently extracted CC did not show significant differences in terms of their treatment efficacy. This research expanded our understanding on the therapeutic effects and mechanisms of CC in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. © 2018 Xin Qiu et al.
New Biomarkers to Evaluate Hyperandrogenemic Women and Hypogonadal Men; Androgens can have variable effects on men and women. Women may be evaluated for androgen excess for several reasons. Typically, young premenopausal women present with clinical symptoms of hirsutism, alopecia, irregular menses, and/or infertility. The most common cause of these symptoms is polycystic ovary syndrome. After menopause, even though ovaries stop producing estrogen, they continue to produce androgen, and women can have new onset of hirsutism and alopecia. Laboratory evaluation involves measurement of the major ovarian and adrenal androgens. In women, age, phase of the menstrual cycle, menopausal status, obesity, metabolic health, and sex hormone-binding proteins significantly affect total-androgen levels and complicate interpretation. This review will summarize the clinically relevant evaluation of hyperandrogenemia at different life stages in women and highlight pitfalls associated with interpretation of commonly used hormone measurements. Hypogonadism in men is a clinical syndrome characterized by low testosterone and/or low sperm count. Symptoms of hypogonadism include decreased libido, erectile dysfunction, decreased vitality, decreased muscle mass, increased adiposity, depressed mood, osteopenia, and osteoporosis. Hypogonadism is a common disorder in aging men. Hypogonadism is observed rarely in young boys and adolescent men. Based on the defects in testes, hypothalamus, and/or pituitary glands, hypogonadism can be broadly classified as primary, secondary, and mixed hypogonadism. Diagnosis of hypogonadism in men is based on symptoms and laboratory measurement. Biomarkers in use/development for hypogonadism are classified as hormonal, Leydig and Sertoli cell function, semen, genetic/RNA, metabolic, microbiome, and muscle mass-related. These biomarkers are useful for diagnosis of hypogonadism, determination of the type of hypogonadism, identification of the underlying causes, and therapeutic assessment. Measurement of serum testosterone is usually the most important single diagnostic test for male hypogonadism. Patients with primary hypogonadism have low testosterone and increased luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Patients with secondary hypogonadism have low testosterone and low or inappropriately normal LH and FSH. This review provides an overview of hypogonadism in men and a detailed discussion of biomarkers currently in use and in development for diagnosis thereof. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Gestational diabetes mellitus - literature review on selected cytokines and hormones of confirmed or possible role in its pathogenesis; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases globally, including Poland. Considering serious consequences of gestational diabetes for both mother and fetus, screening for this disorder is an obligatory element of managing pregnant woman. The pathogenesis of gestational diabetes is not yet thoroughly explained. However, it is insulin resistance and chronic subclinical inflammatory process which are considered to be major factors responsible for the development of GDM. These two states are triggered mainly by secretion of proinflammatory cytokines and by abnormal function of adipose tissue. The study reviews the literature on selected hormones and cytokines whose role in the GDM pathogenesis has been already confirmed as well as on those proteins whose role is either not yet fully understood or which may possibly participate in GDM development. Owing to the fact that underlying mechanisms of GDM are, in general, similar to the mechanisms responsible for metabolic disorders such as diabetes mellitus type 2 or obesity, in this review we focus first on the role these molecules play in pathogenesis of metabolic disorders and then present current state of knowledge on their action in gestational diabetes development. The review presents: TNF alpha, adipokines - adiponectin and leptin and relatively newly discovered proteins: fetuin A, periostin, angiopoietin-like protein 8 or high mobility group box. © 2018 Via Medica.
High fat programming and cardiovascular disease; Programming is triggered through events during critical developmental phases that alter offspring health outcomes. High fat programming is defined as the maintenance on a high fat diet during fetal and/or early postnatal life that induces metabolic and physiological alterations that compromise health. The maternal nutritional status, including the dietary fatty acid composition, during gestation and/or lactation, are key determinants of fetal and postnatal development. A maternal high fat diet and obesity during gestation compromises the maternal metabolic state and, through high fat programming, presents an unfavorable intrauterine milieu for fetal growth and development thereby conferring adverse cardiac outcomes to offspring. Stressors on the heart, such as a maternal high fat diet and obesity, alter the expression of cardiac-specific factors that alter cardiac structure and function. The proper nutritional balance, including the fatty acid balance, particularly during developmental windows, are critical for maintaining cardiac structure, preserving cardiac function and enhancing the cardiac response to metabolic challenges. © 2018 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children; Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, a progressive form of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is one of the most common hepatic diseases in children who present with particular risk factors including obesity, sedentary lifestyle, and/or a predisposing genetic background. The worldwide prevalence of NAFLD in children is a worrying phenomenon because this disease is closely associated with the development of both cirrhosis and cardiometabolic syndrome in adulthood. To date, the etiopathogenesis of primary NAFLD in children is unknown. Understanding the pathogenetic mechanisms provides the basis to characterize early predictors of the disease and noninvasive diagnostic tools and to design novel specific treatments and possible management strategies. Despite a few clinical trials on the use of antioxidants combined with lifestyle intervention for NAFLD, no treatment exists for children with NAFLD. In this review, the authors provide an overview of current concepts in epidemiology, histological features, etiopathogenesis, diagnosis, and treatment of NAFLD in pediatric population. © 2018 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Antibiotics, gut microbiome and obesity; Antibiotics have been hailed by many as “miracle drugs” that have been effectively treating infectious diseases for over a century, leading to a marked reduction in morbidity and mortality. However, with the increasing use of antibiotics, we are now faced not only with the increasing threat of antibiotic resistance, but also with a rising concern about potential long-term effects of antibiotics on human health, including the development of obesity. The obesity pandemic continues to increase, a problem that affects both adults and children alike. Disruptions to the gut microbiome have been linked to a multitude of adverse conditions, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, inflammatory bowel diseases, anxiety, autism, allergies, and autoimmune diseases. This review focuses on the association between antibiotics and obesity, and the role of the gut microbiome. There is strong evidence supporting the role of antibiotics in the development of obesity in well-controlled animal models. However, evidence for this link in humans is still inconclusive, and we need further well-designed clinical trials to clarify this association. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The role of osteoprotegerin as a cardioprotective versus reactive inflammatory marker: The chicken or the egg paradox; Cardiovascular disease is one of the most frequent causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide. Several variables have been identified as risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Recently, the role of receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B, receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B ligand, and the osteoprotegerin system has been recognized as more important in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. Besides their roles in the regulation of bone resorption, these molecules have been reported to be associated with the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease. There are conflicting data regarding the impact of osteoprotegerin, a glycoprotein with a regulatory role in the cardiovascular system. The aim of this review is to discuss the current knowledge and the role of osteoprotegerin in cardiovascular disease. © 2018 by Trakya University Faculty of Medicine / The Balkan Medical Journal published by Galenos Publishing House.
Resistin polymorphims, plasma resistin levels and obesity in Tunisian volunteers; Background: Adipose tissue is an important endocrine organ that secretes a number of adipokines, like Resistin (RETN); it's an adipocytes-secreted cytokine and has been proposed as a link between obesity and diabetes. Many resistin gene polymorphisms were described and their implication in obesity was controversial. This study was to investigate the prevalence of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in RETN gene 420C/G; 44G/A; 62G/A; 394C/G and 299 G/A and their association with Resistin level and obesity in Tunisian volunteers. Methods: We recruited 169 nonobese (mean age=42.16-14.26 years; mean body mass index [BMI]=24.51-3.69 kg/m2) and 160 obese (mean age=47.86-11.17 years; mean BMI=36-4.78 kg/m2). Genotyping was performed using polymerase chain reaction–restriction fragment length polymorphism. Anthropometric parameters, lipid levels, Glycemia and insulinemia were measured, BMI was calculated and insulinresistance was evaluated with the homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and resistin level was measured by ELISA. Statistical analyses were performed by SPSS19.0. Results: After adjustment for confounding parameters; the Odds Ratio (OR) of obesity associated with mutated genotypes at 420C/G compared with normal genotype was as: OR=2.17; 95% CI [1.28-3.68], P=.004. The serum Resistin levels present no significant association with all RETN polymorphisms and it was significantly associated with BMI (P=.047). In our haplotype analysis, one haplotype seems to be protective and one other seems to be the highest risk to obesity. Conclusion: The 420 C/G Polymorphism were associated with obesity and Leptin concentration in our population. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Lifestyle diabetes prevention; Diabetes is a major cause of morbidity and associated mortality. Preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is possible through understanding its determinants, especially obesity, poor nutrition, sedentary lifestyle and physical inactivity. Reversing T2DM and its complications through physical exercise and functional food components is effective with or without medication. Mediterranean diet components such as fruits, vegetables, oily fish, olive oil and tree nuts, and locally available herbal products such as green tea, coffee and yerba maté contain variety of nutraceuticals e.g. polyphenols, terpenoids, flavonoids, alkaloids, plant sterols, pigments and unsaturated fatty acids. Protective effects of such functional food components include reduced inflammation and oxidation, improved glycemic control and insulin-sensitivity. A personalized approach which considers behavioral and lifestyle approach and objective assessment tools is now essential when designing multi-component T2DM prevention strategies. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vitamins and Minerals: Fact versus Fiction; This accessible reference profiles the vitamins and minerals most important to human health, presenting information in an easy-to-use format and summarizing the findings of key research studies. Everyone knows that vitamins and minerals are nonnegotiable components of optimal health. But what exactly do these substances do in the body, and how much of each is needed? What happens if an individual ingests too little or too much of a particular vitamin or mineral? Which foods are the best sources of them, and are dietary supplements a safe alternative? Do certain vitamins and minerals offer protection against certain diseases and medical conditions? Vitamins and Minerals: Fact versus Fiction provides answers to these and many other questions in an accessible format, backed by summaries of key research findings. This book cuts through the confusion and hype that surround the nutrition and supplements industries to offer readers clear guidance founded on solid medical research. A standardized chapter structure and several appendices make the most important information readily available, while introductory essays explore fundamental topics—such as different types of intake recommendations and how they're determined—in greater depth. © 2018 by ABC-CLIO, LLC. All rights reserved.
Perinatal programming - An overview; Over the past decades, the perinatal period has been shown to play a pivotal role for life-long health. Multiple influencing factors before and during pregnancy as well as during early stages of postnatal development can influence organogenesis and long-term organ function. Among them, prenatal maternal nutrition, psychosocial stress and immunological processes range among the most intensively studied. But even parental health before conception has been reported to influence the offspring's long-term health. In search for the underlying mechanisms, epigenetic processes have been identified to influence long-term disease susceptibility and even transduction of disease risk to future generations. The perinatal period should thus be seen as a window of opportunity for taking preventive measures and improving the health of generations to come. A growing awareness among physicians for the vulnerability and potential of the perinatal period will majorly contribute to the development of effective preventive measures. © 2018 by Mediengruppe Oberfranken - Fachverlage GmbH & Co. KG.
Therapeutic apheresis in metabolic syndrome; Background: The metabolic syndrome unites three pathologies of the person – obesity, arterial hypertension and diabetes. In recent years the progressing of such distribution covering from 2.5% to 3.8% of the population with increase twice each 10-15 years is noted. Even at maintenance of level of sugar at diabetes accumulation of the secondary metabolites breaking small vessels isn't excluded. At the same time many life-endangering complications develop. Objective: To identify the possibilities of plasmapheresis in the prevention and treatment of complications of metabolic syndrome. Method: Analysis of the world literature data on complications of metabolic syndrome and methods of their treatment. Results: At metabolic syndrome the frequency of strokes and myocardial infarctions there is twice more often than in population. For 5-9 years the general life expectancy decreases. Disorders of microcirculation at diabetes lead to a retinopathy with total loss of sight, a nephropathy from the outcome in a renal failure, to polyneuropathy and diabetic foot syndrome with high risk of high level amputations of the lower extremities. At the same time medicamentous therapy is not able to prevent such complications and almost only way of removal of these pathological metabolites is therapeutic apheresis, mainly the plasmapheresis. Data from our own studies confirm the effectiveness of such tactics. Conclusion: Plasmapheresis has to be applied not only to the correction of already critical conditions, but also to their prevention. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Oroxin A from Oroxylum indicum prevents the progression from prediabetes to diabetes in streptozotocin and high-fat diet induced mice; Background Oroxylum indicum (L.) Kurz (Bignoniaceae) has been widely used for the treatment of respiratory infections and gastrointestinal disorders. Our previous study showed that an ethanol–water O. indicum seed extract (OISE), when combined with acarbose, reduced the risk of diabetes by 75% and effectively prevented the associated complications. Oroxin A, a major component of OISE, can activate PPARγ and inhibit α-glucosidase and it represents a promising candidate for diabetes intervention. Purpose The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of oroxin A from O. indicum on the progression of prediabetes to diabetes and the underlying mechanisms in streptozotocin and high-fat-diet induced prediabetic mice. Methods Oroxin A was purified from OISE and its PPARγ transcriptional activation was determined in vitro and in vivo. The prediabetic mice were established by high-fat diet and streptozotocin, which was followed by treatment with oroxin A. The effect of oroxin A was determined by analysis of the lipid profiles, oxidative stress, hepatic function and histology. The mechanism of oroxin A was also investigated. Results Oroxin A is a compound with low toxicity that has reduced the relative risk of progression from prediabetes to diabetes by 66.7% without inducing weight gain or hepatotoxicity. Oroxin A also improved the complications of prediabetes, such as lipid metabolism dysfunction and liver injury. Results of mechanism studies suggested that oroxin A is a partial PPARγ agonist that can activate PPARγ transcriptional activation in vitro and in vivo. Oroxin A also exhibited an inhibitory activity against α-glucosidase and an antioxidant capacity. Conclusion Oroxin A prevents the progression from prediabetes to diabetes through a multi-pathway intervention mechanism. © 2017 Elsevier GmbH
Perinatal Programming - An overview; Over the past decades, the perinatal period has been shown to play a pivotal role for lifelong health. Multiple influencing factors before and during pregnancy as well as during early stages of postnatal development can influence organogenesis and long-term organ function. Among them, prenatal maternal nutrition, psychosocial stress, and immunological processes range among the most intensively studied. But even parental health before conception has been reported to influence the offspring's long-term health. In search for the underlying mechanisms, epigenetic processes have been identified to influence long-term disease susceptibility and even transduction of disease risk to future generations. The perinatal period should thus be seen as a window of opportunity for taking preventive measures and improving the health of generations to come. A growing awareness among physicians for the vulnerability and potential of the perinatal period will majorly contribute to the development of effective preventive measures. © 2018 Hans Marseille Verlag GmbH. All rights reserved.
Long non-coding RNA MALAT1 expression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To monitor the expression of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) and changes in metabolic profiles among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted using data for women treated at a hospital in China between October 8, 2014, and April 15, 2015. Patients diagnosed with GDM using an oral glucose tolerance test at 24–28 weeks of pregnancy (n=50) were included. The control group comprised pregnant women without GDM (n=47). Serum levels of lncRNA MALAT1, lncRNA p21, and lncRNA H19 were assessed using the reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Plasma glucose and lipid levels were assessed biochemically. Results: The expression level of lncRNA MALAT1 was higher among the cases than the controls (P=0.007). Expression of IncRNA MALAT1 among the patients with GDM correlated with both lncRNA p21 (r=0.333, P=0.018) and lncRNA H19 (r=0.314, P=0.030). Levels of triglycerides and total cholesterol differed between the control group and patients with GDM (3.6 ± 2.6 mmol/L vs 3.8 ± 1.5 mmol/L and 6.54 ± 1.30 mmol/L vs 7.40 ± 0.90 mmol/L, respectively; P<0.05). The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.654 (95% confidence interval 0.543–0.768, P<0.001). Conclusion: Expression of lncRNA MALAT1 could offer a novel biomarker to predict GDM. © 2017 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics
Effect mechanism of capsaicinoids on metabolism of body glucose and lipid; Capsaicinoids, main capsaicin and dihydrocapsaicin, are a group of chemicals naturally occur-ring in chilli peppers with bioactive properties, such as analgesic, anti-cancer, weight loss, and lowering blood glucose and lipid. The metabolic disorder of body glucose and lipid is one of the main factors that lead to obesity, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes. Capsaicinoids have better effects on glucose control, lipid-lowering, and weight loss in animal and human experiments and the mechanisms have been widely noted. This paper reviewed effects of capsaicinoids on regulating glucose and lipids metabolism, and the possible mechanisms of capsaicinoids acted on capsaicin receptor TRPV1 channel, dietary carbohydrate and lipids digestion and absorption, the gut microbiota and the relation gene in liver, pancreas, adipose tissue, and nervous system. This review could provide a reference for the utilization of capsaicinoids. © 2018 Beijing Technology and Business University, Department of Science and Technology. All rights reserved.
Potential Synergies of β -Hydroxybutyrate and Butyrate on the Modulation of Metabolism, Inflammation, Cognition, and General Health; The low-carbohydrate high-fat diet (LCHFD), also known as the ketogenic diet, has cycled in and out of popularity for decades as a therapeutic program to treat metabolic syndrome, weight mismanagement, and drug-resistant disorders as complex as epilepsy, cancer, dementia, and depression. Despite the benefits of this diet, health care professionals still question its safety due to the elevated serum ketones it induces and the limited dietary fiber. To compound the controversy, patient compliance with the program is poor due to the restrictive nature of the diet and symptoms related to energy deficit and gastrointestinal adversity during the introductory and energy substrate transition phase of the diet. The studies presented here demonstrate safety and efficacy of the diet including the scientific support and rationale for the administration of exogenous ketone bodies and ketone sources as a complement to the restrictive dietary protocol or as an alternative to the diet. This review also highlights the synergy provided by exogenous ketone, β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), accompanied by the short chain fatty acid, butyrate (BA) in the context of cellular and physiological outcomes. More work is needed to unveil the molecular mechanisms by which this program provides health benefits. © 2018 Franco Cavaleri and Emran Bashar.
Perspectives on systems modeling of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells; Human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) are the key drivers of the immune responses. These cells undergo activation, proliferation and differentiation into various subsets. During these processes they initiate metabolic reprogramming, which is coordinated by specific gene and protein activities. PBMCs as a model system have been widely used to study metabolic and autoimmune diseases. Herein we review various omics and systems-based approaches such as transcriptomics, epigenomics, proteomics, and metabolomics as applied to PBMCs, particularly T helper subsets, that unveiled disease markers and the underlying mechanisms. We also discuss and emphasize several aspects of T cell metabolic modeling in healthy and disease states using genome-scale metabolic models. © 2018 Sen, Kemppainen and Orešič.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Its prevalence is currently increasing not only in developed obese countries but also in developing countries. Recent findings from human cohorts and animal studies suggest that a nutritional imbalance in the early critical period is causatively associated with the incidence of NAFLD in later life. Based on the current theory of the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD), undernourishment and overnourishment in utero are both hypothesized to prime the predisposition for hepatic fat storage. Current knowledge on the developmental origins of NAFLD is introduced in this chapter. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2018.
Pathogenesis of insulin resistance and glucose intolerance in childhood obesity; Obesity during childhood is a key driver of the development of insulin resistance. This is mainly due to two mechanisms-lipid partitioning patterns favoring greater deposition of fat in the intra-abdominal compartment and within insulin-responsive tissues (such as the skeletal muscle and liver) and fat tissue-derived cytokine secretion which affects whole-body metabolism. Both cause impairment of insulin signal transduction pathways manifesting as whole-body insulin resistance, necessitating a compensatory beta cell response in order to maintain euglycemia. This resistance results in increased fasting hepatic glucose production, reduced postprandial muscle glucose uptake, and enhanced adipose tissue lipolysis. Failure to develop such beta cell response over time results in prediabetic conditions (such as impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance) and may advance to overt type 2 diabetes. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018.
Cookies elaborated with oat and common bean flours improved serum markers in diabetic rats; BACKGROUND: Common beans have been associated with anti-diabetic effects, due to its high content of bioactive compounds. Nevertheless, its consumption has decreased worldwide. Therefore, there is an increasing interest in the development of novel functional foods elaborated with common beans. The aim of this study was to evaluate the anti-diabetic effect of oat–bean flour cookies, and to analyze its bioactive composition, using commercial oat–wheat cookies for comparative purposes. RESULTS: Oat-bean cookies (1.2 g kg−1) slightly decreased serum glucose levels (∼1.1-fold) and increased insulin levels (∼1.2-fold) in diabetic rats, reducing the hyperglycemic peak in healthy rats (∼1.1-fold). Oat–bean cookies (0.8 and 1.2 g kg−1) exerted a greater hypolipidemic effect than commercial oat–wheat cookies (1.2 g kg−1), as observed in decreased serum triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Furthermore, the supplementation with 1.2 g kg−1 oat–bean cookies decreased atherogenic index and serum C-reactive protein levels, suggesting their cardioprotective potential. The beneficial effect of oat–bean cookies was associated with their high content of dietary fiber and galacto oligosaccharides, as well as chlorogenic acid, rutin, protocatechuic acid, β-sitosterol and soyasaponins. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that common beans can be used as functional ingredients for the elaboration of cookies with anti-diabetic effects. © 2017 Society of Chemical Industry. © 2017 Society of Chemical Industry
Treatment with Oral Drugs; Till the turn of the century, treatment of hyperglycemia in Type 2 diabetes was limited to two main classes of oral agents: sulfonylureas and biguanides. In the meantime, better understanding of the pathophysiology of hyperglycemia in Type 2 diabetes has been gained and the identification of several pathogenitic mechanisms has enabled moving from serendipitous discovery – as for sulfonylureas and metformin – to the development of agents with more targeted modes of action. Current guidelines concur in recommending metformin at diagnosis of diabetes. Selection of the second drug therapy should be made on the basis of an educated process tacking into consideration efficacy, risk of hypoglycemia, effect on body weight, costs of different drugs, as well as patient’s characteristics. With more clinical data generated, other features of the available oral agents should be taken into account such as durability, predominant effect on fasting vs. postprandial glucose, as well effects beyond their glucose lowering capacity. © 2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.
Relationship of Serum Fetuin A with Metabolic and Clinical Parameters in German Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes; Background and Aim: The hepatokine fetuin A is upregulated in the metabolic syndrome and in type 2 diabetes (T2D), while its role in adolescent type 1 diabetes (T1D) is unclear. We assessed the relationship between circulating fetuin A levels and metabolic control, comorbidities, and complications in adolescent T1D patients. Methods: We studied the relationship between serum fetuin A and clinical diabetes-related data from the DPV registry (Diabetes-Pa-tienten-Verlaufsdokumentation) in 172 adolescent T1D patients with early-onset (<5 years) long-standing (>10 years) T1D. Fetuin A levels were further compared between adolescent T1D and T2D patients. Results: Serum fetuin A levels in T1D patients (mean 0.267 ± 0.043 g/L) did not correlate with age, diabetes duration, gender, body mass index (BMI), glycated hemoglobin, serum lipid levels, blood pressure, celiac or thyroid disease, nephropathy, or retinopathy. An association of fetuin A levels with insulin requirements was only evident within the subgroup of overweight T1D patients (rs = 0.439, p = 0.028, n = 25, BMI >90th percentile), disappearing after adjustment for multiple testing. Adolescent T1D patients showed distinctly lower fetuin A levels than patients with T2D (p ≤ 0.001). Conclusion: Overall, we did not observe a clinically relevant association of fetuin A levels with surrogate parameters for insulin sensitivity in our juvenile T1D cohort. A correlation with insulin requirements was detectable in overweight patients only. We hypothesize that multiple factors, such as obesity, puberty, inadequate metabolic control, and hepatic steatosis, have to add up before a clinically relevant effect of fetuin A on insulin sensitivity becomes evident. © 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel. Copyright: All rights reserved.
Human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells therapy for insulin resistance: a novel strategy in clinical implication; There is increasing evidence reporting that as a common phenomenon in MetS relative diseases, insulin resistance (IR) is regarded as an independent etiological factor and a warning indicator of MetS occurrence. Therefore, for the special group (overweight or obesity), clinical regular monitoring of IR is an important basis for the prevention and early intervention of MetS relative diseases. This surveys reveals that human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells (HUC-MSCs)possess a kind of potential: it may become a possible theraphy for IR in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and related diseases. Specific emphasis is focused on evaluating the improvement IR function of HUC-MSCs under the background of development in vitro and in vivo. Next, the action mechanisms of HUC-MSCs is discussed, and some of their advantages and disadvantages in the course of clinic application are presented. The final section highlights the application of HUC-MSCs in T2DM and relative diseases at this stage. Up to now, although many questions remain unresolved, we still consider that HUC-MSCs is one of the best therapy ameliorating IR in the future. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Diet and longevity: The effects of traditional eating habits on human lifespan extension; Since the dawn of time human beings have been trying to improve the quality of the existence and extend their lifespan. Genetic, environmental, behavioral and dietary factors influence the pathways that regulate aging and life expectancy, thus rendering longevity a very complex phenomenon. Although a long-lived elixir has not yet been found, physicians and scientists agree that nutrition has a major impact on the overall mortality and morbidity, hence becoming the subject of a widespread scientific research. This review describes, analyzes and compares the effects of different types of diets in reducing the onset of typicalWestern countries non-communicable diseases (NCDs) (cardiovascular diseases, tumors, chronic respiratory diseases, diabetes, etc.), thus increasing the average lifespan. It will first depict the most relevant characteristics, nutraceutical properties and effects on the populations of the Mediterranean, Japanese, Vegetarian and New Nordic Diet. Finally, it will describe the impact of different dietary restrictions in modulating the genetic pathways that regulate metabolism and aging. Overall, this work reinforces the evidence that specific eating habits, in addition to healthy and active lifestyles, are crucial to increase people's health span and to achieve an optimal longevity. © 2018 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Significance of circulatory DPP4 activity in metabolic diseases; Dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP4), also known as CD26 is a type II transmembrane protein that is released from the cell membrane in a nonclassical secretory mechanism. This exopeptidase selectively degrades varieties of substrates including incretin hormones, growth factors, and cytokines. A significant detectable amount of DPP4 activity can be measured in plasma as well as in different tissues such as intestinal epithelium, vascular endothelium, lymphocytes, monocytes, kidney, liver, adipose, lung, thymus, spleen, prostate, etc. Enzymatically active circulatory DPP4 is shed from the plasma membrane via proteolytic cleavage, a process responsible for the enhanced plasma DPP4 levels and activity. Elevated circulatory DPP4 activity as well as levels has been found in wide spectrum of metabolic diseases including diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and nonalcoholic fatty liver diseases. Moreover, recent preclinical studies have further expanded the repertoire for the usage of DPP4 inhibitors in the treatment of other metabolic diseases and in their consequent complications. In the present review we highlight the reason behind the elevated circulatory DPP4 levels in metabolic diseases with a focus on the tissue of origin. We also underscore the discrepancy of protein levels with enzyme activity of circulatory DPP4 in metabolic diseases. © 2018 IUBMB Life, 70(2):112–119, 2018. © 2018 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Adiponectin and Leptin at Early Pregnancy: Association to Actual Glucose Disposal and Risk for GDM - A Prospective Cohort Study; Aim. There is scarce information on associations of adipokines, and concurrent glucose disposal during early pregnancy as performance of oral glucose tolerance is uncommon before 24th gestational week. We sought to examine associations of leptin and adiponectin to insulin sensitivity already at early pregnancy before recommended screening for GDM and to describe trajectories of adiponectin in relation to GDM status. Methods. 216 pregnant women were prospectively included at 16th (IQR: 14-18) gestational week (GW) for fasting adiponectin and leptin with subsequent OGTT testing for evaluation of insulin sensitivity and β-cell function. Follow-ups of adiponectin were performed at further four visits until 8-12 weeks after delivery. Results. In early pregnancy, differences in adiponectin and leptin were significant between GDM women (n=82) and controls (n=134), whereby those with early GDM (<21st week, n=49) showed more distinguishing levels (adiponectin: 8.5 ± 3.8 versus 10.4 ± 4.4 μg/ml, p=0.004; leptin 93.4 ± 38.5 versus 78.0 ± 39.2 μg/ml, p=0.005). Both adipokines were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity and β-cell function. Their attribution for GDM prediction was moderate to fair and more enhanced in early GDM. Trajectories of adiponectin remained constantly lower in GDM women, whereas dynamics in controls showed initially increased concentrations with decreasing tendency until 3rd trimester. After delivery, low adiponectin was associated with glucose dysregulation. Conclusion. Associations of adiponectin and leptin with features of deteriorated glucose metabolism at early gestation may be indicative for the endocrine involvement of adipose tissue in the manifestation of GDM and thus predictive for later impairments in metabolic flexibility in women at risk. © 2018 Latife Bozkurt et al.
Lipidomic profiling on oxidized phospholipids in type 2 diabetes mellitus model zebrafish; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a serious metabolic disorder in the world. Oxidative stress, as a key role on the pathogenesis of diabetes, also results in the oxidation of phospholipids. However, studies on phospholipid oxidation in diabetes, especially directly focusing on oxidized and degraded phospholipid species, are quite limited. In this study, phospholipid profiles of diabetic zebrafish plasma were characterized by LC-HRMS and MS/MS, and the total amounts of each lipid class were compared. Furthermore, the key molecular species as biomarkers in distinguishing control and diabetic samples were investigated by orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis. Among the identified 114 phospholipid species in total, there were 11 hydroperoxides, 7 aldehydes, and 19 lysophospholipids found significantly elevated along with the increasing blood glucose, which were known as oxidation or degradation products. Furthermore, lysophosphatidylcholine 20:5 and lysophosphatidylcholine 22:6 were assessed as potential biomarkers in diabetic zebrafish. The current work would not only help to gain further insights into diabetes, but also contribute to find new clinical parameters for the screening of the promising antioxidant agents for its therapies. © The Japan Society for Analytical Chemistry.
Serum irisin, level and validity in gestational diabetes mellitus in iraqi women: A pilot study;                              Background and Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic complication of pregnancy and associated with increase rates of maternal and perinatal problems. Irisin is a novel adipomyokin which plays a role in carbohydrate and fat metabolism, insulin response and inflammatory response. To assess serum level of irisin, cut off level and its correlation with different anthropometric and biochemical parameter in pregnant women with GDM. Materials and Methods: case control study conducted at AL-Yarmouk teaching hospital/Al-Mustansiriyah medical college in the period from April, 2017-April, 2018. One hundred pregnant women with comparable age, gestational age and body mass index were enrolled, 50 pregnant women with GDM (study group) and 50 normal pregnant women (control group). Serum irisin level was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit at 24-28 weeks of pregnancy and assessed in correlation with BMI, Hb A1c, fasting insulin and Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT). Results: Serum Irisin level was significantly lower in gestational diabetic women in comparison with healthy pregnant women (1.6±0.4 vs. 2.6±0.7 µg L‒                             1                             ) with p-value <0.001.It was independently low in correlation with BMI, serum insulin and OGTT. The cutoff value of serum Irisin in determining gestational diabetes was 2.145 µg L‒                             1                              with overall 87.0% accuracy. Conclusion: Serum irisin was significantly and independently low in women with GDM. Its cutoff level may be used as biochemical marker in the diagnosis and screening of GDM.                          © 2018 Fadia Jasim Alizzi and Hind Abdul Khaliq Showman.
Inorganic arsenic causes fatty liver and interacts with ethanol to cause alcoholic liver disease in zebrafish; The rapid increase in fatty liver disease (FLD) incidence is attributed largely to genetic and lifestyle factors; however, environmental toxicants are a frequently overlooked factor that can modify the effects of more common causes of FLD. Chronic exposure to inorganic arsenic (iAs) is associated with liver disease in humans and animal models, but neither the mechanism of action nor the combinatorial interaction with other disease-causing factors has been fully investigated. Here, we examined the contribution of iAs to FLD using zebrafish and tested the interaction with ethanol to cause alcoholic liver disease (ALD). We report that zebrafish exposed to iAs throughout development developed specific phenotypes beginning at 4 days post-fertilization (dpf), including the development of FLD in over 50% of larvae by 5 dpf. Comparative transcriptomic analysis of livers from larvae exposed to either iAs or ethanol revealed the oxidative stress response and the unfolded protein response (UPR) caused by endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress as common pathways in both these models of FLD, suggesting that they target similar cellular processes. This was confirmed by our finding that arsenic is synthetically lethal with both ethanol and a well-characterized ER-stress-inducing agent (tunicamycin), suggesting that these exposures work together through UPR activation to cause iAs toxicity. Most significantly, combined exposure to sub-toxic concentrations of iAs and ethanol potentiated the expression of UPR-associated genes, cooperated to induce FLD, reduced the expression of as3mt, which encodes an arsenic-metabolizing enzyme, and significantly increased the concentration of iAs in the liver. This demonstrates that iAs exposure is sufficient to cause FLD and that low doses of iAs can potentiate the effects of ethanol to cause liver disease. © 2018. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd
Endocrine functions of bone; Significant discoveries made within the past 15 years have revealed that bone, as an organ, is not only a target of several endocrine signals but by itself acts as an unpredicted but nevertheless important endocrine tissue. Indeed, bone cells are secreting at least two hormones, FGF23 and osteocalcin, which are implicated in the regulation of phosphate homeostasis and of energy metabolism, respectively. FGF23 is secreted specifically by the cells of the osteoblast-osteocyte lineage and inhibits phosphate reabsorption in the kidney proximal tubule mainly by reducing the expression of sodium-phosphate co-transporters. FGF23 also suppresses 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 synthesis in the proximal tubule and thereby impacts calcium and phosphate absorption as well. Osteocalcin is expressed and secreted by differentiated osteoblasts in bone and acts as a blood glucose-lowering hormone by stimulating insulin secretion by β-cells and by favoring insulin sensitivity in muscle, liver, and white adipose tissue. As we shall see in this chapter, the discovery that bone, like many other organs, possesses endocrine functions has opened new and exciting areas of research. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018.
Gestational restricted- and over-feeding promote maternal and offspring inflammatory responses that are distinct and dependent on diet in sheep; Inflammation may be a mechanism of maternal programming because it has the capacity to alter the maternal environment and can persist postnatally in offspring tissues. This study evaluated the effects of restricted- and over-feeding on maternal and offspring inflammatory gene expression using reverse transcription (RT)-PCR arrays. Pregnant ewes were fed 60% (Restricted), 100% (Control), or 140% (Over) of National Research Council requirements beginning on day 30.2 ± 0.2 of gestation. Maternal (n = 8–9 ewes per diet) circulating nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) and expression of 84 inflammatory genes were evaluated at five stages during gestation. Offspring (n = 6 per diet per age) inflammatory gene expression was evaluated in the circulation and liver at day 135 of gestation and birth. Throughout gestation, circulating NEFA increased in Restricted mothers but not Over. Expression of different proinflammatory mediators increased in Over and Restricted mothers, but was diet-dependent. Maternal diet altered offspring systemic and hepatic expression of genes involved in chemotaxis at late gestation and cytokine production at birth, but the offspring response was distinct from the maternal. In the perinatal offspring, maternal nutrient restriction increased hepatic chemokine (CC motif) ligand 16 and tumor necrosis factor expression. Alternately, maternal overnutrition increased offspring systemic expression of factors induced by hypoxia, whereas expression of factors regulating hepatocyte proliferation and differentiation were altered in the liver. Maternal nutrient restriction and overnutrition may differentially predispose offspring to liver dysfunction through an altered hepatic inflammatory microenvironment that contributes to immune and metabolic disturbances postnatally. © The Author(s) 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Society for the Study of Reproduction. All rights reserved.
Metformin, sitagliptin, and liraglutide modulate serum retinol-binding protein-4 level and adipocytokine production in type 2 diabetes mellitus rat model; Many adipocytokines correlate with obesity and insulin resistance. We examined the effects of metformin, sitagliptin, and liraglutide in diabetic rats. Group 1: control normal (CN) rats received oral saline daily. Group 2: diabetic non-treated (DNT) rats were injected with streptozotocin (STZ) to get diabetic then after 72 h received oral saline daily. Group 3: rats were injected with STZ then after 72 h were treated with metformin (200 mg/kg) orally. Group 4: rats were injected with STZ then after 72 h received sitagliptin 6 mg/kg orally twice daily. Group 5: rats were injected with STZ then after 72 h were treated with liraglutide at a dose of 0.3 mg/kg every 12 h subcutaneous injection. After 8 weeks, body mass, fasting blood glucose, adipocytokines, and lipid profile were assessed. From the results, we concluded that the 3 drugs improved blood glucose and insulin resistance with correction of adipocytokines serum levels; however, the liraglutide-treated group was the only group that showed significant body mass reduction. © 2018, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
Methods to Assess In Vivo Insulin Sensitivity and Insulin Secretion; The assessments of insulin sensitivity/resistance and of insulin secretion/beta cell function in humans are still significant challenges. The interest for these traits stems from their proved, or presumed, implications in a great number of pathological conditions, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, atherosclerosis, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), Alzheimer’s disease. A wide number of tests and surrogate indexes have been developed and applied in many experimental and observational settings to gauge exact values for each of these two traits. In this chapter, the general principles underlying the assessments of insulin sensitivity and of beta cell function are reviewed, and the most popular tests are described with their pros and cons. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.
Perinatal programming - An overview; Over the past decades, the perinatal period has been shown to play a pivotal role for life-long health. Multiple influencing factors before and during pregnancy as well as during early stages of postnatal development can influence organogenesis and long-term organ function. Among them, prenatal maternal nutrition, psychosocial stress and immunological processes range among the most intensively studied. But even parental health before conception has been reported to influence the offspring's long-term health. In search for the underlying mechanisms, epigenetic processes have been identified to influence long-term disease susceptibility and even transduction of disease risk to future generations. The perinatal period should thus be seen as a window of opportunity for taking preventive measures and improving the health of generations to come. A growing awareness among physicians for the vulnerability and potential of the perinatal period will majorly contribute to the development of effective preventive measures. © 2018 Hans Marseille Verlag GmbH. All rights reserved.
Ambient air pollution, adipokines, and glucose homeostasis: The Framingham Heart Study; Objective To examine associations of proximity to major roadways, sustained exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5), and acute exposure to ambient air pollutants with adipokines and measures of glucose homeostasis among participants living in the northeastern United States. Methods We included 5958 participants from the Framingham Offspring cohort examination cycle 7 (1998–2001) and 8 (2005–2008) and Third Generation cohort examination cycle 1 (2002–2005) and 2 (2008–2011), who did not have type 2 diabetes at the time of examination visit. We calculated 2003 annual average PM2.5 at participants' home address, residential distance to the nearest major roadway, and daily PM2.5, black carbon (BC), sulfate, nitrogen oxides (NOx), and ozone concentrations. We used linear mixed effects models for fasting glucose, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) which were measured up to twice, and used linear regression models for adiponectin, resistin, leptin, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) which were measured only once, adjusting for demographics, socioeconomic position, lifestyle, time, and seasonality. Results The mean age was 51 years and 55% were women. Participants who lived 64 m (25th percentile) from a major roadway had 0.28% (95% CI: 0.05%, 0.51%) higher fasting plasma glucose than participants who lived 413 m (75th percentile) away, and the association appeared to be driven by participants who lived within 50 m from a major roadway. Higher exposures to 3- to 7-day moving averages of BC and NOx were associated with higher glucose whereas the associations for ozone were negative. The associations otherwise were generally null and did not differ by median age, sex, educational attainment, obesity status, or prediabetes status. Conclusions Living closer to a major roadway or acute exposure to traffic-related air pollutants were associated with dysregulated glucose homeostasis but not with adipokines among participants from the Framingham Offspring and Third Generation cohorts. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Hepatic elimination of drugs in gestational diabetes; Background: The liver is the major metabolic clearance organ for chemical agents from the human body. Pregnancy is associated with several physiological changes that may affect one or more of these factors, and also induces changes in the hepatic clearance of certain drugs. The aim of this paper was to review some of the currently available information in the field to provide some insights about the relevance of these changes on the clearance of some drugs. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was carried out to identify eligible studies from MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE and SCIELO databases through 1970 first semester. Results: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a frequent disease commonly associated with other entities as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, prothrombotic conditions, changes in intestinal microbiome. These entities, together with the glycemic fluctuations associated with GDM might affect the determinants of the hepatic clearance (hepatic blood flow, the unbound fraction of drugs, and the hepatic intrinsic clearance). GDM is frequently associated with multi-drug treatments. While many of these drugs are cleared by the liver, little is known about the clinical relevance of these GDM associated pharmacokinetic changes. Conclusion: Considering the frequency of the disease and the effects that these pharmacokinetic changes might have on the mother and child, the need for further research seems advisable. In the meantime, cautious clinical judgment in the management of drug administration in women affected by this disease is recommended. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Early Clinical Expressions of Insulin Resistance: The Real Enemy to Look For; The type 2 diabetes mellitus epidemic threatens public healthcare systems worldwide. Efforts to prevent chronic complications of diabetes and reduce their associated mortality have been ineffective. Hence, early prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease needs to be prioritized. This strategy, however, must be centered not on an approach based on hyperglycemia but on early pathophysiologic mechanisms, such as insulin resistance. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, androgenic alopecia, acanthosis nigricans, and polycystic ovarian syndrome are all well-accepted early clinical manifestations of insulin resistance that represent, in themselves, a risk for further development of type 2 diabetes and that appear years before hyperglycemia. Therefore, focusing efforts on detecting and rigorously treating patients with early clinical expression of insulin resistance (insulin resistance clinical syndrome) is probably the course of action that needs to be taken to counterbalance the type 2 diabetes mellitus epidemic. © 2017, The Author(s).
Noncoding RNAs carried by extracellular vesicles in endocrine diseases; RNA molecules are essential and fine regulators of important biological processes. Their role is well documented also in the endocrine system, both in physiological and pathological conditions. Increasing interest is arising about the function and the importance of noncoding RNAs shuttled by extracellular vesicles (EVs). In fact, EV membrane protects nucleic acids from enzyme degradation. Nowadays, the research on EVs and their cargoes, as well as their biological functions, faces the lack of standardization in EV purification. Here, the main techniques for EV isolation are discussed and compared for their advantages and vulnerabilities. Despite the possible discrepancy due to methodological variability, EVs and their RNA content are reported to be key mediators of intercellular communication in pathologies of main endocrine organs, including the pancreas, thyroid, and reproductive system. In particular, the present work describes the role of RNAs contained in EVs in pathogenesis and progression of several metabolic dysfunctions, including obesity and diabetes, and their related manifestations. Their importance in the establishment and progression of thyroid autoimmunity disorders and complicated pregnancy is also discussed. Preliminary studies highlight the attractive possibility to use RNAs contained in EVs as biomarkers suggesting their exploitation for new diagnostic approaches in endocrinology. Copyright © 2018 Margherita A. C. Pomatto et al.
Functions and regulatory mechanisms of metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1; Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) is a long noncoding RNA whose transcript is around 8 kb in length. As an important stress response molecule, MALAT1 can be expressed differently under stress conditions, such as hypoxia, high glucose, hydrogen peroxide, ultraviolet irradiation, infection, and chemical stimulation. MALAT1 is involved in regulating multiple cell behaviors, such as proliferation, apoptosis, differentiation, migration, epithelial–mesenchymal transition, autophagy, and morphological maintenance. Extensive evidence show that MALAT1 plays critical roles in the physiopathological process of embryo implantation, angiogenesis, tissue inflammation, tumor progression, liver fibrosis, cardiovascular remodeling, and diabetes progression by regulating gene transcription, forming RNA–protein complexes with proteins as a structural component, regulating protein activity, assisting protein localization, mediating epigenetic changes, or by acting as a competing endogenous RNA. Furthermore, MALAT1 can affect the sensitivity of chemotherapy and radiotherapy; therefore, it could be used as a potential drug target for chemotherapy and radiotherapy sensitization. The levels of MALAT1 are reported to be overexpressed in most tumor tissues or sera, and the expression levels of MALAT1 often affect the tumor size, stage, lymph node metastasis, and distant invasion. Therefore, MALAT1 can be used as a biomarker for early diagnosis, severity assessment, or prognostic assessment. This review outlines the current understanding of the biological role and function of MALAT1. In the meantime, we have summarized the mechanisms involved in the reulation of MALAT1 expression and the mechanisms by which MALAT1 regulates the physiological and pathological processes. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Study of preeclampsia in placenta, kidney, and hepatic diseases; Preeclampsia (PE) have a high risk of pregnancy disorder and can cause liver and kidney disease. PE is a dangerous disease in Indonesia with a high risk of cardiovascular death. PE has biomarkers such as proteinuria, blood pressure, dipstick test, renin-angiotensin system, adipsin, calcium/ creatinine (Cr) ratio, albumin/Cr ratio, and uric acid. Apoptosis occurs in the placenta’s PE, where trophoblasts invade and overhaul the uterine spiral artery in the epidermal growth factor signaling system, and the expression of miRNA in PE is targeting genes in a variety of pathophysiological processes can cause kidney and hepatic disease. In this review, we will discuss role of HSP, miRNA, Immunology cell and the risk of kidney and hepatic disease of patient of Preeclampsia. © 2018 The Authors.
Selenium and diabetes; The relationship between selenium (Se) and diabetes remains an evolving field. Early studies were focused on antioxidant benefits of Se in diabetic animals and patients. However, the discovery of type 2 diabetes-like phenotype in the glutathione peroxidase (GPX) 1 overexpression mice and the pro-diabetic potential of Se supplementation in cancer subjects have provoked both research and public interests on its role in diabetes. Limited human data indicate a Se baseline-dependent risk for diabetes associated with Se supplementations: potentiating the risk for diabetes only in subjects with high-Se status. Among the 25 selenoproteins, GPX1 exhibits dual roles in insulin synthesis, secretion, and signaling via regulation of redox homeostasis, and selenoprotein P has the counteraction effect on insulin signaling. Both GPX3 and selenoprotein S may play roles in diabetic etiology via mediating inflammation. Dysregulations of the two endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-resident selenoproteins, selenoproteins M and T, may disturb the redox homeostasis in ER, causing ER stress and increasing the diabetes risk. Iodothyronine deiodinases catalyze the metabolism of thyroid hormones and thus may affect the metabolism of glucose, lipids, and protein in the diabetic status. Polymorphism of selenoprotein genes in humans offers clues to the association of Se/selenoproteins and diabetes risk. In conclusion, effects of Se intake on the risk of diabetes are dose and baseline dependent. While underlying mechanisms for this paradox are partly understood through animal studies on the functions of several selenoproteins, appropriate Se intakes for the general public to prevent or treat diabetes warrant future research. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.
The cellular secretome and organ crosstalk; The Cellular Secretome and Organ Crosstalk focuses on the release of peptides and proteins from different organs and their specific functions in metabolic regulation and cell- and organ crosstalk. The book is written for experts in the field, however, for each topic, helpful references are included. The book also includes technical sections that summarize the state-of-the-art of secretome and crosstalk analysis. This book fulfills the need for a resource that comprehensively describes the current knowledge of secretome biology in health and disease. Communication between different organs involves lipids and other small molecules and a host of proteins and peptides comprising the secretome of different organs (organokinome). More than 600 adipokines have been identified, and an increasing number of hepatokines and myokines have recently been discovered with mostly unknown physiological impact. Importantly, an aberrant signature of the organokinome may be critically underlying a variety of metabolic diseases and may determine the individual susceptibility to disease development. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Consensus document and recommendations for the prevention of cardiovascular disease in Italy - 2018; Cardiovascular prevention represents a cornerstone of modern strategies to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease. It is of key importance to prevent cardiovascular diseases and associated events, not only to reduce morbidity and mortality, but also to increase the years of wellness in the aging population and to make the growing socio-economic burden imposed by cardiovascular events more sustainable. The current approach to prevention is based on an integrated use of effective lifestyle measures and, whenever appropriate, of antihypertensive and antidiabetic drugs, lipid-lowering agents and antiplatelet drugs. Given that population characteristics, in terms of ethnicity, demography and lifestyle habits, and healthcare system organizations differ among countries, international guidelines are not always applicable to specific countries and, often, are difficult to translate into daily clinical practice. In order to afford the specific features of Italy, 10 Scientific Societies and Research Institutions, mostly involved in preventive strategies, contributed to the present Italian consensus document, which includes brief, practical recommendations to support the preventive actions within the physician community and the general practice setting. © 2018 Il Pensiero Scientifico Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Maternal hypercholesterolemia enhances oxysterol concentration in mothers and newly weaned offspring but is attenuated by maternal phytosterol supplementation; In hypercholesterolemic pregnancies, the maternal environment is characterized by excessive levels of atherogenic lipids that may increase cardiovascular disease risk in mothers and their offspring. We examined the influence of maternal hypercholesterolemia and phytosterol (PS) intervention on the concentration and metabolism of oxysterols, bioactive oxygenated cholesterol derivatives that regulate arterial health and lesion progression, in mothers and their newly weaned offspring. Twenty-one female apoE−/− mice were randomly assigned to three different diets throughout gestation and lactation: (1) chow, (2) high cholesterol (CH; 0.15%) and (3) CH with added PS (2%, CH/PS). At the end of the lactation period, mothers and pups were euthanized for serum and hepatic oxysterol analyses, hepatic transcriptional profiling of hepatic sterol regulatory targets and atherosclerosis. Hypercholesterolemic dams and their pups demonstrated increased (P˂.05) serum oxysterols [including 24 hydroxycholesterol (HC), 25HC, 27HC, 7αHC, 7βHC and 7 ketocholesterol)] compared with the chow group that were normalized by maternal PS supplementation. Hepatic oxysterol concentrations followed a similar pattern of response in mothers but were not altered in newly weaned pups. Hepatic mRNA expression suggested a pattern of enhanced abca1/g1 high-density-lipoprotein-mediated efflux but a reduction in biliary abcg5/g8 export in both dams and their pups. Although arterial lesions were not apparent in newly weaned pups, CH dams demonstrated enhanced atherosclerosis that was reduced upon PS intervention. These results demonstrate that offspring from hypercholesterolemic pregnancies have enhanced circulating oxysterol concentrations and highlight the potential utility of PS as a lipid-lowering option during hypercholesterolemic pregnancies for which there are currently limited options. © 2017
Pathogenesis of insulin resistance in pregnant women with obesity; OBJECTIVE: Introduction: Obesity is one of the most important medical and social problems in many countries of the world, as it is associated with the development of the most common non-communicable diseases: cardiovascular, type II diabetes mellitus, motor disorders, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NHAHP) and others. The aim of this paper is to analyze the pathogenetic mechanisms of insulin resistance development in pregnant women with varying obesity degrees in early and late gestation periods.; PATIENTS AND METHODS: Materials and methods: 459 pregnant women were examined at the Poltava City Clinical Maternity Hospital in the early (9-13 weeks) and late gestation periods (34-38 weeks). Metabolic disorders in pregnant women were studied by carbohydrate and lipid metabolism indices.; RESULTS: Results: Due to increased insulin resistance and reduced glucose absorption by tissues of pregnant women with obesity, there are prerequisites for the development of energy insufficiency. Obese women pregnancy runs on the background of hypertriglyceridemia and type IV hyperlipoproteinemia. The general pathogenic consequence of the insulin resistance progression during pregnancy in obese women is an energy deficiency increase, which causes a threatening obstetric and perinatal complications frequency increase.; CONCLUSION: Conclusions: The progression of insulin resistance during pregnancy of women with varying degrees of obesity is the pathogenetic basis of energy insufficiency and the reduction of adaptive mechanisms of pregnant women with obesity, as evidenced by the increase in obstetric and perinatal complications frequency.
The Effect of Cigarette Smoking during Pregnancy on Endocrine Pancreatic Function and Fetal Growth: A Pilot Study; Introduction: Cigarette smoking in pregnancy is a common cause of fetal growth restriction. We aimed to investigate endocrine pancreatic function of mother–infant dyads in relation to cigarette smoking, as a possible mechanism for the poor fetal growth. Methods: Prospective study of smoking mothers (10 cigarettes or more per day, self-reported to the midwife) and non-smoker control mothers during their first pregnancy. Insulin, glucose, C-peptide, HbA1C, fructosamine, prolactin, serotonin, and cortisol were measured in maternal blood at 24–26 weeks and in umbilical cord blood at birth. Cotinine was also measured in cord blood. Results: Of 37 smokers and 36 non-smokers recruited, cord blood was obtainable from 38 babies (19 in each group). In utero cigarette exposure was associated with lower birthweight (3,035 ± 490 versus 3,405 ± 598 g, p = 0.005), with linear modeling of the smoking cohort showing a 41 g reduction for every increase of one cigarette smoked per day (95% CI −71 to −11 g, p = 0.010). There were no differences between groups in indices of maternal or perinatal endocrine pancreatic dysfunction. Heavier smoking independently correlated with higher maternal fasting levels of glucose (p = 0.044) and C-peptide (p = 0.011). We did not observe any significant associations between the daily number of cigarettes and any of the cord blood parameters. We also looked for differences between cohorts based on infant gender. Serotonin levels were higher in smoking mothers with male fetuses (p = 0.01 to p = 0.004). Conclusion: Endocrine pancreatic dysfunction does not appear to be a major contributing factor to nicotine-associated fetal growth restriction. The higher serotonin levels in smoking mothers carrying male infants is of uncertain significance but could be a manifestation of gender differences in susceptibility to the long-term effects of cigarette smoking. © Copyright © 2017 Lockhart, Liu, Champion, Peek, Nanan and Poulton.
Obstetric Outcomes in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases in the Western world and yet there is little research into its impact on pregnancy. Methods: A literature review was conducted in the database PubMed, with articles published between 1990 and 2017. The selected studies addressed features specifically attributed to NAFLD and associated obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Nine studies met criteria. Our aim was to consolidate the limited literature and identify trends. Results: There was considerable heterogeneity in the diagnostic approach to NAFLD. Data are conflicting as to whether NAFLD increases the risk of gestational diabetes independent of obesity. NAFLD is associated with an elevated risk of extremes of birth weight, both small and large for gestational age. Several studies found a greater impact of NAFLD on maternal morbidity including preeclampsia in women with a body mass index <30kg/m2. Conclusions: NAFLD appears to be associated with increased obstetric morbidity, particularly among non-obese women. More research is needed to clarify the pathophysiology and optimize safe treatment. © Copyright 2017, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2017.
Epigenetic programming, early life nutrition and the risk of metabolic disease; Time separates the past from the present, during this period memory are formed - written in code and decoded to be read while other memories are erased - but when it comes to the epigenome some memories are harder to forget than others. Recent studies show chemical information is written in the context of the epigenome and codified on histone and non-histone proteins to regulate nuclear processes such as gene transcription. The genome is also subject to modification in the form of 5-methylcytosine, which has been implicated in metabolic memory. In this review, we examine some of the chemical modifications that signal early life events and explore epigenetic changes that underlie the diabetic vasculature. The fine balance between past and present is discussed, as it pertains to gestational diabetes and obesity in context to the Barker hypothesis. We also examine emerging experimental evidence suggesting the hypothalamus as a central regulator of obesity risk and explore current genomic medicine. As for how cells recall specific chemical information, we examine the experimental evidence implicating chemical cues on the epigenome, providing examples of diet during pregnancy and the increased risk of disease in offspring. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Impact of dietary fiber consumption on insulin resistance and the prevention of type 2 diabetes; Large prospective cohort studies consistently show associations of a high dietary fiber intake (> 25 g/d in women and > 38 g/d in men) with a 20-30% reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D), after correction for confounders. It is less well recognized that these effects appear to be mainly driven by high intakes of whole grains and insoluble cereal fibers, which typically are nonviscous and do not relevantly influence postprandial glucose responses [i.e., glycemic index (GI)] or are strongly fermented by the gut microbiota in the colon. In contrast, a dietary focus on soluble, viscous, gel-forming, more readily fermentable fiber intakes derived from fruit and certain vegetables yields mixed results and generally does not appear to reduce T2D risk. Although disentangling types of fiber-rich foods and separating these from possible effects related to the GI is an obvious challenge, the common conclusion that key metabolic effects of highfiber intake are explained by mechanisms that should mainly apply to the soluble, viscous type can be challenged. More recently, studies in humans and animal models focused on gaining mechanistic insights into why especially high-cerealfiber (HCF) diets appear to improve insulin resistance (IR) and diabetes risk. Although effects of HCF diets on weight loss are only moderate and comparable to other types of dietary fibers, possible novel mechanisms have emerged, which include the prevention of the absorption of dietary protein and modulation of the amino acid metabolic signature. Here we provide an update of our previous review from 2008, with a focus on mechanistic insights of how HCF diets may improve IR and the risk of developing T2D. © 2018 American Society for Nutrition.
Using RNA sequencing to identify putative competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs) potentially regulating fat metabolism in bovine liver; RNA sequencing has been extensively used to study specific gene expression patterns to discover potential key genes related to complex traits of interest in animals. Of note, a new regulatory mechanism builds a large-scale regulatory network among transcriptome, where lncRNAs act as competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs) to sponge miRNAs to regulate the expression of miRNA target genes post-transcriptionally. In this study, we sequenced the cDNA and sRNA libraries of nine liver samples from three Holstein cows during dry period, early lactation, and peak of lactation with HiSeq platform. As a result, we identified 665 genes, 57 miRNAs and 33 lncRNAs that displayed differential expression patterns across periods. Subsequently, a total of 41ceRNA pairs (lncRNA-mRNA) sharing 11 miRNAs were constructed including 30 differentially expressed genes. Importantly, 12 among them were presented in our large metabolic networks, and predicted to influence the lipid metabolism through insulin, PI3K-Akt, MAPK, AMPK, mTOR, and PPAR signaling pathways, thus, these genes were considered as the most promising candidates for milk fat formation. To our knowledge, this is first investigation to profile the ceRNA regulatory networks of liver transcriptome that could affect milk fat synthesis in bovine, providing a new view of the regulatory mechanism of RNAs. © 2017 The Author(s).
Elevation of plateletcrit increasing the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease development in female adults: A large population-based study; Background Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the one of the most common form of chronic liver disease in China, so it is important to apply bio-marker in predict the development of NAFLD. Aims This study aims to evaluate association between plateletcrit (PCT) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Chinese female adults. Methods NAFLD was defined as per ultrasound in this study and 9737 NAFLD-free female subjects from Wenzhou People's Hospital were followed for five years in average in the study. The determination of NAFLD PCT quartiles (Q1 to Q4) were defined: 0–0.16, 0.17–0.18, 0.19–0.21, ≥ 0.22. With Q1 used as reference, 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and hazard ratios (HRs) in different models were computed across each quartile. Results From Q1 to Q4, the incidence ratios (95% CIs) were 8.30 (7.14–9.47), 11.51 (10.12–12.89), 12.68 (11.47–13.89) and 16.46 (15.03–17.88). Simply considering PCT, in the longitudinal population, values in Q2, Q3 and Q4 had HRs (95% CIs) are 1.51 (1.25–1.84), 1.72 (1.44–2.06) and 2.34 (1.96–2.79) versus Q1. After adjusting for all known confounding variables, values in Q2, Q3 and Q4 had HRs (95% CIs) of 1.31 (1.08–1.60), 1.30 (1.09–1.56) and 1.54 (1.29–1.84) in females compared with Q1. Conclusions We reported that elevated serum PCT levels are considered as an independently significant predictor for NAFLD development in females. The high PCT level contributes to the development of NAFLD. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Serum chemerin levels are inversely associated with renal function in a general population; Objective: Chemerin has been found to be highly expressed in the kidneys of rodents and has been suggested to affect metabolic syndrome (MetS)-related phenotypes which are in turn related to kidney damage. Only few clinical studies have addressed the relation between circulating chemerin and renal function in humans, and no population-based analyses have yet been performed. The potential influence of MetS-related phenotypes on the assumed association has been largely neglected. We aimed to investigate the association of serum chemerin with renal function in a general population with special regard to possible interactions between chemerin and metabolic phenotypes. Design, patients and measurements: Linear and logistic regression models were applied to analyse data from 4082 subjects of the German Study of Health in Pomerania. Main outcomes included estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), serum creatinine and cystatin C and chronic kidney disease. Results: Inverse associations of chemerin with eGFR were observed. The components of the MetS emerged as modulating factors in this relation and enhanced the association. Logistic regression models confirmed the relation between chemerin and eGFR and revealed that each increase in chemerin per 25 ng/mL was associated with an about threefold higher odds of chronic kidney disease [odds ratio 2.72 (95% confidence interval 2.26-3.29)]. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate a strong inverse association between serum chemerin levels and renal function. This association might be explained by MetS-related phenotypes, which lead to renal damage and are associated with increased chemerin levels and/or an impaired renal elimination of chemerin by diseased kidneys. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Effects and Interactions of Prenatal Ethanol Exposure, a Post-Weaning High-Fat Diet and Gender on Adult Hypercholesterolemia Occurrence in Offspring Rats; Background/Aims: Prenatal ethanol exposure (PEE) could induce intrauterine programming of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolism, resulting in intrauterine growth retardation and susceptibility to adult hypercholesterolemia in offspring. This study aimed to analyse the effects and interactions of PEE, a post-weaning high-fat diet (HFD) and gender on the occurrence of adult hypercholesterolemia in offspring rats. Methods: Wistar female rats were treated with ethanol (4 g/kg.d) at gestational days 11-20. The offspring were given a normal diet or HFD after weaning, and the blood cholesterol metabolism phenotype and expression of hepatic cholesterol metabolism related genes were detected in 24-week-old offspring. Furthermore, the interactions among PEE, HFD, and gender on hypercholesterolemia occurrence were analysed. Results: PEE increased the serum total cholesterol (TCH) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels and decreased the serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) level in adult offspring rats; the changes in female offspring were greater than those in males. At the same time, the mRNA expression levels of hepatic cholesterol metabolic enzymes (apolipoprotein B (ApoB) and 7α-hydroxylase (CYP7A1))-were increased, while the mRNA expression levels of the scavenger receptor B1 (SR-B1) and LDL receptor (LDLR) were decreased. Furthermore, a three-way ANOVA showed there were interactions among PEE, post-weaning HFD and gender. For PEE offspring, a post-weaning HFD aggravated the elevated hepatic ApoB and CYP7A1 expression and reduced SR-B1 and LDLR expression; the changes in hepatic SR-B1 and CYP7A1 expression were greater in female HFD rats than in males. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that a post-weaning HFD could aggravate offspring hypercholesterolemia caused by PEE and that this mechanism might be associated with hepatic cholesterol metabolic disorders that are aggravated by a post-weaning HFD; hepatic cholesterol metabolism was more sensitive to neuroendocrine metabolic alterations by PEE and a post-weaning HFD in the female offspring than in the male offspring. © 2017 The Author(s).
JAK/STAT – Emerging Players in Metabolism; The Janus kinase (JAK)/signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) pathway is crucial for transducing signals from a variety of metabolically relevant hormones and cytokines including growth hormone, leptin, erythropoietin, IL4, IL6 and IFNγ. A growing body of evidence suggests that this pathway is dysregulated in the context of obesity and metabolic disease. Recent development of animal models has been instrumental in identifying the role of JAK/STAT signaling in the peripheral metabolic organs including adipose, liver, muscle, pancreas, and the immune system. In this review we summarize current knowledge about the function of JAK/STAT proteins in the regulation of metabolism, and highlight new potential therapeutic targets for the treatment of obesity and diabetes. The JAK/STAT signaling pathway serves as an important downstream mediator for a variety of cytokines, hormones, and growth factors. Emerging data show that this pathway is dysregulated in metabolic diseases including obesity and type 2 diabetes. With the use of tissue-specific knockout mice, JAK/STAT signaling in the peripheral metabolic organs has been shown to regulate a multitude of metabolic processes including, but not limited to, glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, energy expenditure, and adiposity. JAK/STAT signaling within immune cells crucially regulates inflammation that is associated with metabolic abnormalities including insulin resistance and obesity. The JAK/STAT signaling pathway is a promising therapeutic target for the treatment of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Insulin Resistance, Prediabetes, Metabolic Syndrome: What Should Every Pediatrician Know?; The Metabolic syndrome describes a clustering of typical cardiovascular risk factors. The syndrome is also known as “Insulin Resistance syndrome” as a substantial part of the pathophysiology is driven by resistance to the metabolic effects of insulin. The major cause of insulin resistance in childhood is a typical lipid partitioning pattern characterized by increased deposition of lipids within insulin responsive tissues, such as the liver and skeletal muscle and within the viscera. This lipid deposition pattern is also associated with infiltration of intra-abdominal tissues with cells of the immune system, inducing systemic, low-grade inflammation typically observed in insulin resistant obese children and adolescents. Several clues derived from a careful history and physical examination, along with a basic laboratory workup, provide clues in regards to risk stratification in obese children. © 2017 by Turkish Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Society.
Effects of Chronic and Intermittent Calorie Restriction on Adropin Levels in Breast Cancer; Adropin is a peptide hormone that has been implicated in insulin resistance and as a potential regulator of growth. The aim of this study is to determine the effect of calorie restriction on circulating levels of adropin in the MMTV-TGFα breast cancer mouse model and investigate the effects of adropin peptide on the viability of MCF-7 and MDA-231 breast cancer cells in culture. Ten-week-old mice were assigned to either ad libitum-fed (AL), chronic calorie-restricted, or intermittent calorie-restricted groups. Concentrations of serum adropin were measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results showed an inverse correlation between serum adropin levels and mouse age that was attenuated by calorie restriction. In the AL group the level of adropin was significantly lower at week 50 compared to levels at week 10. However, among the calorie-restricted groups, serum levels of adropin remained high at week 50. The cell-line-specific effects were observed after treatment of cancer cell lines with a series of adropin concentrations (5, 10, 25, 50 ng/mL). Flow cytometry analysis showed that MCF-7 cells entered the early phase of apoptosis after treatment with 50 ng/mL for 24 h. Adropin may be involved in the protective effects that calorie restriction has on breast cancer risk. © 2017 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The effect of diabetes on cardiovascular system; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a critical and long-term disorder due to the insufficient production of insulin by the pancreas or ineffective use of insulin by the body. Importantly, cardiovascular disease (CVD) has long been thought to be linked with diabetes. Despite more diabetic individuals surviving from better medications and treatments, there has been significant rise in the morbidity and mortality from CVD. Indeed, the classification of DM based on the electrocardiogram signals of the heart will be an advantageous system. Further, computer-aided classification of DM with integrated algorithms may enhance the execution of the system. In this paper, we have reviewed various studies using heart rate variability signals for automated classification of diabetes. Furthermore, the different techniques used to extract the features and the efficiency of the classification systems are discussed. © 2017 World Scientific Publishing Company.
Transcriptional control of enterohepatic lipid regulatory targets in response to early cholesterol and phytosterol exposure in apoE-/- mice; Objective: An excessive rise in blood lipids during pregnancy may promote metabolic dysfunction in adult progeny. We characterized how maternal phytosterol (PS) supplementation affected serum lipids and the expression of lipid-regulatory genes in the intestine and liver of newly-weaned apo-E deficient offspring from dams fed a chow diet supplemented with cholesterol (0.15%, CH) or cholesterol and PS (2%) (CH/PS) throughout pregnancy and lactation. Results: Serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein particle numbers were exacerbated in offspring from cholesterol-supplemented mothers but normalized to chow-fed levels in pups exposed to PS through the maternal diet during gestation and lactation. Compared with the CH pups, pups from PS-supplemented mothers demonstrated higher (p < 0.05) expression of the primary intestinal cholesterol transport protein (Niemann-Pick C1-like 1) and the rate-limiting enzyme in hepatic cholesterol synthesis (HMG-CoAr), suggestive of a compensatory response to restore cholesterol balance. Furthermore, pups from PS-supplemented mothers exhibited a coordinated downregulation (p < 0.05) of several genes regulating fatty acid synthesis including PGC1β, SREBP1c, FAS, and ACC compared with the CH group. These results suggest that maternal PS supplementation during hypercholesterolemic pregnancies protects against aberrant lipid responses in newly-weaned offspring and results in differential regulation of cholesterol and lipid regulatory targets within the enterohepatic loop. © 2017 The Author(s).
Human sex hormone-binding globulin does not provide metabolic protection against diet-induced obesity and dysglycemia in mice; Background: Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is the main transporter of sex hormones in most vertebrates. Low SHBG levels have been linked to increased risk for diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Polymorphisms of the SHBG gene linked to low SHBG protein levels also strongly predicted increased risk of type 2 diabetes, thus raising the possibility that SHBG may play a role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and diabetes. Aim: To examine whether expression of human SHBG in mice may ameliorate the development of diabetes and metabolic syndrome in response to a high-fat diet (HFD). Methods: Transgene mice expressing a human SHBG transgene (SHBG+) (N = 10/11; males/females) and their wild type littermates (N = 12/8; males/females) were fed HFD for 4.5 months. Results: HFD induced comparable obesity in control and SHBG+ mice. Male transgenes had higher muscle mass after 2–3.5 months HFD (0.43 ± 0.028 (n = 4) vs 0.38 ± 0.053 g (n = 7), P = 0.05). Fasting blood glucose, as well as insulin or HOMA-IR, was not different in transgenic vs wild-type males after 4–5 months HFD. Female transgenes had higher fasting glucose (152 ± 29 (n = 7) vs 115 ± 27 mg/dL, P = 0.01 (n = 8)), but mean insulin and HOMA-IR were not different. Likewise, insulin tolerance test and intra-peritoneal glucose tolerance test (GTT) were not different. Finally, SHBG+ mice were not different from controls in terms of liver enzymes, serum triglyceride levels and blood pressure. Conclusion: In mice with diet-induced obesity, human SHBG did not protect against development of obesity or dysglycemia. © 2018 The authors.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN) supplementation ameliorates the impact of maternal obesity in mice: Comparison with exercise; Maternal overnutrition increases the risk of long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring. Exercise improves metabolism partly by upregulating mitochondrial biogenesis or function, via increased levels of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+). We have shown that the NAD+ precursor, nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN) can reverse some of the negative consequences of high fat diet (HFD) consumption. To investigate whether NMN can impact developmentally-set metabolic deficits, we compared treadmill exercise and NMN injection in offspring of obese mothers. Five week old lean and obese female C57BL6/J mice were mated with chow fed males. Female offspring weaned onto HFD were given treadmill exercise for 9 weeks, or NMN injection daily for 18 days. Maternal obesity programmed increased adiposity and liver triglycerides, with decreased glucose tolerance, liver NAD+ levels and citrate synthase activity in offspring. Both interventions reduced adiposity, and showed a modest improvement in glucose tolerance and improved markers of mitochondrial function. NMN appeared to have stronger effects on liver fat catabolism (Hadh) and synthesis (Fasn) than exercise. The interventions appeared to exert the most global benefit in mice that were most metabolically challenged (HFD-consuming offspring of obese mothers). This work encourages further study to confirm the suitability of NMN for use in reversing metabolic dysfunction linked to programming by maternal obesity. © 2017 The Author(s).
Diabetes in China: Epidemiology and genetic risk factors and their clinical utility in personalized medication; The incidence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has rapidly increased over recent decades, and T2D has become a leading public health challenge in China. Compared with European descents, Chinese patients with T2D are diagnosed at a relatively young age and low BMI. A better understanding of the factors contributing to the diabetes epidemic is crucial for determining future prevention and intervention programs. In addition to environmental factors, genetic factors contribute substantially to the development of T2D. To date, more than 100 susceptibility loci for T2D have been identified. Individually, most T2D genetic variants have a small effect size (10-20% increased risk for T2D per risk allele); however, a genetic risk score that combines multiple T2D loci could be used to predict the risk of T2D and to identify individuals who are at a high risk. Furthermore, individualized antidiabetes treatment should be a top priority to prevent complications and mortality. In this article, we review the epidemiological trends and recent progress in the understanding of T2D genetic etiology and further discuss personalized medicine involved in the treatment of T2D. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association..
Timing of solid food introduction and association with later childhood overweight and obesity: The IDEFICS study; This study investigated associations between timing of solid food introduction and childhood obesity and explored maternal characteristics influencing early feeding practices. Cross-sectional data from children 2–9 years (n = 10,808; 50.5% boys) residing in 8 European countries of the IDEFICS study (2007–2008) were included. Late solid food introduction (≥7 months of age) was associated with an increased prevalence of later childhood overweight/obesity among exclusively breastfed children (OR [odds ratio]: 1.38, 95% CI [confidence interval] [1.01, 1.88]). In contrast, early solid food introduction (<4 months of age) was associated with lower prevalence of overweight/obesity among children that ceased exclusive breastfeeding earlier than 4 months (OR: 0.63, 95% CI [0.47, 0.84]). Children that were introduced to solids right after 6 months exclusive breastfeeding and continued to receive breastmilk (≥12 months) were less likely to become overweight/obese (OR: 0.67, 95% CI [0.51, 0.88]) compared to children that discontinued to receive breastmilk. Analyses were adjusted for age, sex, country, birth weight, parental education level, parental body mass index, tobacco use in pregnancy, gestational weight gain, and gestational diabetes. Underweight mothers, overweight mothers, mothers who reported daily smoking during pregnancy, and low-educated mothers were less likely to follow recommendations on breastfeeding and timely solids introduction. Future studies should examine whether guidelines for solid food introduction timing have to distinguish between exclusively breastfed, formula fed, and too early exclusive breastfeeding-ceased infants. There is also need for more prospective studies; recall bias was an important current limitation. In conclusion, health professionals should emphasize benefits of breastfeeding and appropriate solid food introduction, especially to mothers that are less likely to follow recommendations. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Integrative analysis of super enhancer SNPs for type 2 diabetes; Clinical studies in type 2 diabetes (T2D) primarily focused on the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) located in protein-coding regions. Recently, the SNPs located in noncoding regions have also been recognized to play an important role in disease susceptibility. The super enhancer is a cluster of transcriptional enhancers located in noncoding regions. It plays a critical role in cell-type specific gene expression. However, the exact mechanism of the super enhancer SNPs for T2D remains unclear. In this study, we integrated genome-wide association studies (GWASs) and T2D cell/tissue-specific histone modification ChIP-seq data to identify T2D-associated SNPs in super enhancer, followed by comprehensive bioinformatics analyses to further explore the functional importance of these SNPs. We identified several interesting T2D super enhancer SNPs. Interesting, most of them were clustered within the same or neighboring super enhancers. A number of SNPs are involved in chromatin interactive regulation and/or potentially influence the binding affinity of transcription factors. Gene Ontology (GO) analysis showed a significant enrichment in several well-known signaling pathways and regulatory process, e.g. WNT signaling pathway, which plays a key role in T2D metabolism. Our results highlighted the potential functional importance of T2D super enhancer SNPs, which may yield novel insights into the pathogenesis of T2D. © 2018 Sun et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Current and emerging pharmacological therapy for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; The main treatment of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is life style modification including weight reduction and dietary regimen. Majority of patients are safely treated with this management and pharmacologic interventions are not recommended. However, a subgroup of NAFLD patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) who cannot achieve goals of life style modification may need pharmacological therapy. One major obstacle is measurement of histological outcome by liver biopsy which is an invasive method and is not recommended routinely in these patients. Several medications, mainly targeting baseline mechanism of NAFLD, have been investigated in clinical trials for treatment of NASH with promising results. At present, only pioglitazone acting as insulin sensitizing agent and vitamin E as an antioxidant have been recommended for treatment of NASH by international guidelines. Lipid lowering agents including statins and fibrates, pentoxifylline, angiotensin receptor blockers, ursodeoxycholic acid, probiotics and synbiotics are current agents with beneficial effects for treatment of NASH but have not been approved yet. Several emerging medications are in development for treatment of NASH. Obeticholic acid, liraglutide, elafibranor, cenicriviroc and aramchol have been tested in clinical trials or are completing trials. Here in, current and upcoming medications with promising results in clinical trial for treatment of NAFLD were reviewed. © 2017 The Author(s). Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Absence of Carbohydrate Response Element Binding Protein in Adipocytes Causes Systemic Insulin Resistance and Impairs Glucose Transport; Lower adipose-ChREBP and de novo lipogenesis (DNL) are associated with insulin resistance in humans. Here, we generated adipose-specific ChREBP knockout (AdChREBP KO) mice with negligible sucrose-induced DNL in adipose tissue (AT). Chow-fed AdChREBP KO mice are insulin resistant with impaired insulin action in the liver, muscle, and AT and increased AT inflammation. HFD-fed AdChREBP KO mice are also more insulin resistant than controls. Surprisingly, adipocytes lacking ChREBP display a cell-autonomous reduction in insulin-stimulated glucose transport that is mediated by impaired Glut4 translocation and exocytosis, not lower Glut4 levels. AdChREBP KO mice have lower levels of palmitic acid esters of hydroxy stearic acids (PAHSAs) in serum, and AT. 9-PAHSA supplementation completely rescues their insulin resistance and AT inflammation. 9-PAHSA also normalizes impaired glucose transport and Glut4 exocytosis in ChREBP KO adipocytes. Thus, loss of adipose-ChREBP is sufficient to cause insulin resistance, potentially by regulating AT glucose transport and flux through specific lipogenic pathways. ChREBP expression in fat strongly correlates with insulin sensitivity in people. Vijayakumar et al. demonstrate that fat-specific knockout of ChREBP in mice is sufficient to cause insulin resistance and cell-autonomous impairments in glucose transport and Glut4 trafficking, potentially by altering substrate flux through specific lipogenic pathways. © 2017 The Author(s)
Lipidomic profiles of Drosophila melanogaster and cactophilic fly species: Models of human metabolic diseases; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with serious diseases and represents an important threat for global public health. The common fruit fly (Drosophila melanogaster) has served as a model organism to study physiological processes of the MetS, because central metabolic pathways are conserved among species, and because the flies are easy to cultivate in a laboratory. In nature, D. melanogaster is a fruit generalist, feeding on diets rich in simple carbohydrates. Other Drosophilids, however, have specialized on distinct resources. Drosophila mojavensis, for example, is endemic to the Sonoran Desert, where it feeds on necrotic cacti which are low in carbohydrates. Its close relative Drosophila arizonae is cactophilic as well, but is also found breeding in fruits containing simple sugars. Previous studies have shown that high-sugar diets negatively affect the larval development of D. mojavensis and increase their triglyceride content, compared to D. melanogaster. More general metabolic profiles, in response to these different diets, however, have yet to be produced for any of the species. In addition, because D. arizonae appears somewhat intermediate between D. melanogaster and D. mojavensis in its development times and survival under the above mentioned diets, its general metabolic profiles are also of interest. Thus, in the present study we ask to what extent the general metabolism of these three different Drosophila species is affected by diets of distinct protein-sugar ratios. To obtain an un-biased view on possibly novel phenomena, we combined untargeted metabolomics with Random Forest data mining. © 2017 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Utility of small animal models of developmental programming; Any effective strategy to tackle the global obesity and rising noncommunicable disease epidemic requires an in-depth understanding of the mechanisms that underlie these conditions that manifest as a consequence of complex gene-environment interactions. In this context, it is now well established that alterations in the early life environment, including suboptimal nutrition, can result in an increased risk for a range of metabolic, cardiovascular, and behavioral disorders in later life, a process preferentially termed developmental programming. To date, most of the mechanistic knowledge around the processes underpinning development programmingÂ has been derived from preclinical research performed mostly, but not exclusively, in laboratory mouse and rat strains. This review will cover the utility of small animal models in developmental programming, the limitations of such models, and potential future directions that are required to fully maximize information derived from preclinical models in order to effectively translate to clinical use. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Prediabetes in youths: mechanisms and biomarkers; Obesity has been estimated to decrease life expectancy by as little as 0·8 years to as much as 7 years, and is the second leading cause of preventable death—after smoking—in the USA. Alongside the increase in the prevalence of obesity, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes have become more common in adolescents. Yet, little is known about the pathogenesis of these conditions in the paediatric population and how prediabetes could be detected at an early stage to prevent progression towards overt diabetes. In this Review, we summarise knowledge on the pathophysiology of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes in adolescents, and describe how biomarkers of β-cell function might help to identify individuals at risk of progression from normal glucose tolerance towards prediabetes and overt type 2 diabetes. To better understand and treat this disease, new therapeutic strategies will need to be explored and developed, and more sensitive and specific biomarkers are needed to allow earlier detection of prediabetes. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Interactions of physical activity and body mass index with age at menarche: A school-based sample of Chinese female adolescents; Background To test the independent and interactive associations of physical activity (PA) and body mass index (BMI) with age at menarche among Chinese adolescence. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional survey in two elementary schools in September 2015 in Shaoxing city, Zhejiang province, China. We used self-administered questionnaires to collect the information of the participators. Analyses were performed with logistic regression models, and the relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI), the attributable proportion because of the interaction (AP), and the synergy index (S) were used to evaluate the biological interaction. Results A total of 1530 middle school students from grade 1–3 were selected for this study, and we collected 1505 (98.366%) valid questionnaires for the last analyses. The mean age of menarche is 11.603 (SD = 0.447) years. Students with overweight/obesity and without SMPA had the highest risks of early age of menarche (OR = 3.507, 95%CI: 1.929–6.376) compared with women both with a normal BMI and with SMPA, and the RERI was 1.846 (95% CI: 0.415–4.107), meaning that there was positive interaction on the additive scale. Conclusion Insufficient PA can significantly modify the association between obesity and early menarche risk. Therefore, the government and society should pay more attention to the promotion of PA throughout childhood and adolescence. © 2017
Association of fetuin B with markers of liver fibrosis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective: The liver-derived plasma protein fetuin B is associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and impaired glucose homeostasis in mice. However, its association with non-invasive ultrasound- and magnetic resonance (MR)-based markers of liver fibrosis and steatosis, the enhanced liver fibrosis (ELF) score, liver biopsy, as well as rs738409 in PNPLA3, has not been elucidated in NAFLD, so far. Design and methods: The association of circulating fetuin B and transient elastography (TE), controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), 1H-MR-spectroscopy, the ELF score, liver biopsy, as well as risk alleles in rs738409 in PNPLA3, was studied in 101 NAFLD patients as compared to 15 healthy controls. Results: Serum fetuin B levels did not differ between NAFLD patients and controls (p = 0.863). Fetuin B was independently and negatively associated with transient elastography liver stiffness measurement (LSM) (p = 0.002), but not with the steatosis markers CAP or 1H-MR-spectroscopy. Fetuin B serum concentrations were significantly lower in individuals with LSM > 7.0 kPa as compared to patients with LSM < 7.0 kPa (p = 0.024). Furthermore, the ELF score and histologically proven fibrosis were independent and negative predictors of circulating fetuin B. Moreover, serum fetuin B significantly depended on number of rs738409 risk alleles (p = 0.026). Conclusions: Fetuin B is independently and negatively associated with non-invasive markers of liver fibrosis and PNPLA3 status in NAFLD patients but does not show a correlation with the hepatic lipid content. Future studies need to elucidate the pathophysiological significance of fetuin B in NAFLD and its potential value as predictor for disease severity. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Functional foods and lifestyle approaches for diabetes prevention and management; Functional foods contain biologically active ingredients associated with physiological health benefits for preventing and managing chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A regular consumption of functional foods may be associated with enhanced anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, insulin sensitivity, and anti-cholesterol functions, which are considered integral to prevent and manage T2DM. Components of the Mediterranean diet (MD)—such as fruits, vegetables, oily fish, olive oil, and tree nuts—serve as a model for functional foods based on their natural contents of nutraceuticals, including polyphenols, terpenoids, flavonoids, alkaloids, sterols, pigments, and unsaturated fatty acids. Polyphenols within MD and polyphenol-rich herbs—such as coffee, green tea, black tea, and yerba maté—have shown clinically-meaningful benefits on metabolic and microvascular activities, cholesterol and fasting glucose lowering, and anti-inflammation and anti-oxidation in high-risk and T2DM patients. However, combining exercise with functional food consumption can trigger and augment several metabolic and cardiovascular protective benefits, but it is under-investigated in people with T2DM and bariatric surgery patients. Detecting functional food benefits can now rely on an “omics” biological profiling of individuals’ molecular, genetics, transcriptomics, proteomics, and metabolomics, but is under-investigated in multi-component interventions. A personalized approach for preventing and managing T2DM should consider biological and behavioral models, and embed nutrition education as part of lifestyle diabetes prevention studies. Functional foods may provide additional benefits in such an approach. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association of melatonin membrane receptor 1A/1B gene polymorphisms with the occurrence and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a prevalent primary neoplasm of the liver, whose heterogeneous global incidence suggests the likely impact of genetic variations among individuals on the susceptibility to this disease. Increasing evidence indicates that melatonin exhibits oncostatic properties in many cancer types at least in part mediated by its membrane-bound receptors, melatonin receptor 1A (encoded by MTNR1A) and 1B (MTNR1B). In this study, the effect of melatonin receptor gene polymorphisms on the risk and progression of hepatic tumors was evaluated between 335 HCC patients and 1196 cancer-free subjects. We detected a significant association of MTNR1A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), rs6553010, with the elevated risk of HCC (AOR, 1.587; 95% CI, 1.053-2.389; p = 0.027) after being adjusted for two potential confounders, age and alcohol use. In addition, patients who carry at least one polymorphic allele (heterozygote or homozygote) of MTNR1A rs2119882 or rs2375801 were more prone to develop distant metastasis (OR, 5.202; 95% CI, 1.163-23.270; p = 0.031, and OR, 7.782; 95% CI, 1.015-59.663; p = 0.048, for rs2119882 and rs2375801, respectively). Further analyses revealed that rs2119882 is located on the consensus binding site of GATA2 transcription factor within the promoter region of MTNR1A gene, and that a correlation between the levels of GATA2 and melatonin receptor 1A was observed in the TCGA (The Cancer Genome Atlas) dataset. Moreover, individuals bearing a specific haplotype of four MTNR1B SNPs were more prone to develop HCC. In conclusion, our data suggest an association of melatonin receptor gene polymorphisms with the risk of HCC and hepatic cancer metastasis. © Su et al.
Obesity in Pregnancy: Optimizing Outcomes for Mom and Baby; Obesity is common in women of childbearing age, and management of this population around the time of pregnancy involves specific challenges. Weight and medical comorbidities should be optimized both before and during pregnancy. During pregnancy, gestational weight gain should be limited, comorbidities should be appropriately screened for and managed, and fetal health should be monitored. Consideration should be given to the optimal timing of delivery and to reducing surgical and anesthetic complications. In the postpartum period, breastfeeding and weight loss should be promoted. Maternal obesity is associated with adverse metabolic effects in offspring, promoting an intergenerational cycle of obesity. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
The role of established East Asian obesity-related loci on pediatric leptin levels highlights a neuronal influence on body weight regulation in Chinese children and adolescents: The BCAMS study; Genome-wide association studies have identified multiple variants associated with adult obesity, mostly in European-ancestry populations. We aimed to systematically assess the contribution of key loci, which had been previously shown to be associated in East Asian adults, to childhood obesity, related adipokine profiles and metabolic traits in a Chinese pediatric population. Twelve single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) plus metabolic profiles and levels of five adipokines (leptin, adiponectin, resistin, fibroblast growth factor 21 and retinol binding protein 4) were evaluated in 3,506 Chinese children and adolescents aged 6-18. After correction for multiple comparisons, six of these SNPs were robustly associated with childhood obesity: FTO-rs1558902 (P=5.6×10-5), MC4Rrs2331841 (P=4.4×10-4), GNPDA2-rs16858082 (P = 3.4×10-4), PCSK1-rs261967 (P = 0.001), SEC16B-rs516636 (P = 0.004) and MAP2K5-rs4776970 (P = 0.004), with odds ratios ranging from 1.211 to 1.421; while ITIH4-rs2535633 and BDNF-rs2030323 yielded nominal association with the same trait (P < 0.05). Moreover, the risk alleles of six SNPs displayed significant (P < 0.004) or nominal (P < 0.05) association with leptin levels, namely at in/near PCSK1, MC4R, FTO, MAP2K5, GNPDA2 and BDNF plus their cumulative genetic score yielded stronger association with increased leptin levels (P = 6.2×10-11). Our results reveal that key obesity-associated loci previously reported in Europeans, but also associated with East Asian adults, are also associated with obesity and/or metabolic quantitative traits in Chinese children. These associations coincide with six brain-expressed loci that correlate with leptin levels, thus may point to an important neuronal influence on body weight regulation in the pediatric setting. © Fu et al.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on hormonal profiles, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: To the best of our knowledge, data on effects of probiotic administration on hormonal profiles, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are scarce. This investigation was conducted to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on hormonal profiles, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with PCOS. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted on 60 women with PCOS, aged 18-40 years old. Subjects were randomly assigned into 2 groups to receive either probiotics or placebo (n = 30 each group) for 12 weeks. Metabolic profiles were quantified at baseline and after a 12-week intervention. Results: After the 12-week intervention, compared with placebo, probiotic supplementation significantly increased serum sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) (+25.9 ± 32.5 vs. +0.5 ± 15.6 nmol/L, P < 0.001) and plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (+8.8 ± 120.5 vs. -98.3 ± 246.4 mmol/L, P = 0.04), and significantly decreased serum total testosterone (-0.2 ± 0.7 vs. +0.2 ± 0.6 ng/mL, P = 0.03), modified Ferriman-Gallwey (mF-G) scores (-1.7 ± 1.5 vs. -0.2 ± 1.0, P < 0.001), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-1150.0 ± 1295.2 vs. +202.5 ± 1426.3 ng/mL, P < 0.001) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) concentrations (-0.2 ± 0.6 vs. +0.9 ± 1.3 µmol/L, P < 0.001). We did not observe any detrimental effect of probiotic supplementation on other metabolic profiles. Conclusion: Overall, probiotic supplementation of PCOS women for 12 weeks had beneficial effects on total testosterone, SHBG, mFG scores, hs-CRP, TAC and MDA levels but did not affect other metabolic profiles. © 2018 The Author(s).
Folate status in women of childbearing age with obesity: A review; Several studies have described a positive association between elevated BMI and birth defects risk. Data on plasma concentration of folate in pregnant women with obesity have shown values far below those recommended, regardless of diet, while folate levels should increase before pregnancy to reduce neural tube defects. We report a descriptive review of the most recent studies (from 2005 to 2015) to evaluate folate status through a population of women of childbearing age affected by obesity. The literature contains few studies, which present conflicting results regarding folate status in non-pregnant women of childbearing age affected by obesity, and it appears that there is a modification in folate metabolism, with a reduction in plasma folate levels and an increase in erythrocyte folate uptake. In conclusion, the folate status in women of childbearing age should be assessed by both plasma and erythrocyte levels to start a personalised and more adequate supplementation before conception. Further studies need to be conducted in a larger population, which take into account variables that can affect folate metabolism, such as dietary intake, lifestyle and genetic factors, oral contraceptives or other drug use, previous weight-loss programmes, or a history of bariatric surgery. © 2017 The Authors.
Lifestyle and the Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes: A Status Report; Diabetes is a costly disease affecting 387 million individuals globally and 28 million in the United States. Its precursor, prediabetes, affects 316 and 86 million individuals globally and in the United States, respectively. People living with elevated blood glucose levels are at high risk for all-cause mortality and numerous cardiometabolic ailments. Fortunately, diabetes can be prevented or delayed by maintaining a healthy lifestyle and a healthy body weight. In this review, we summarize the literature around lifestyle diabetes prevention programs and provide recommendations for introducing prevention strategies in clinical practice. Overall, evidence supports the efficacy and effectiveness of lifestyle diabetes prevention interventions across clinical and community settings, delivery formats (eg, individual-, group-, or technology-based), and implementers (eg, clinicians, community members). Evidence-based diabetes prevention strategies that can be implemented in clinical practice include brief behavior change counseling, group-based education, community referrals, and health information technologies. These strategies represent opportunities where practitioners, communities, and health care systems can work together to provide individuals with education, support and opportunities to maintain healthy, diabetes-free lifestyles. © 2015, © 2015 The Author(s).
Current evidence on the effect of dietary polyphenols intake on chronic diseases; Polyphenols are secondary metabolites of plants. They comprise several antioxidant compounds and they are generally considered to be involved in the defense against human chronic diseases. During the last years, there has been growing scientific interest in their potential health benefits. In this comprehensive review, we focus on the current evidence defining the position of their dietary intake in the prevention/treatment of human chronic diseases, including prostate cancer and other types of cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus and neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease; we also discuss their ability to modulate multiple signalling transduction pathways involved in the pathophysiology of these diseases. Despite the fact that data regarding the biological functions of polyphenols can be considered exhaustive, evidence is still inadequate to support clear beneficial effects on human chronic diseases. Currently, most data suggest that a combination of phytochemicals rather than any single polyphenol is responsible for health benefit. More studies investigating the role of polyphenols in the prevention of chronic human diseases are needed, especially for evaluating factors such as gender, age, genotype, metabolism and bioavailability. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Nanoscale Zeolitic Imidazolate Framework-8 for Ratiometric Fluorescence Imaging of MicroRNA in Living Cells; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in cell differentiation, proliferation, and apoptosis and have been recognized as valuable biomarkers for clinical disease diagnosis. Here, we adopt for the first time zeolitic imidazolate framework-8 (ZIF-8) as a nanocarrier to efficiently deliver a nucleic acid probe to living cells and develop a novel ratiometric fluorescence strategy based on DNAzyme for miRNA-21 imaging. A Cy5-labeled 8-17 DNAzyme strand and a Cy3-labeled substrate strand containing a segment complementary to the target miRNA-21 first form a duplex probe, and fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) takes place. After adsorption on the ZIF-8 surface and cellular uptake, the probe/ZIF-8 nanocomplex degrades in acidic endosome and releases duplex probes and Zn2+, and the latter can act as an effective cofactor for 8-17 DNAzyme. The intracellular miRNA-21 hybridizes with the complementary segment of the substrate strand and results in dissociation from the DNAzyme-substrate duplex probe after DNAzyme cleaves the substrate into two fragments, accompanied by the change in the FRET signal. The proposed method has been applied to image miRNA-21 expression levels in MCF-7, HeLa, and L02 cells with high contrast and reliability. The fluctuation of miRNA-21 expression level induced by miRNA-21 mimic or inhibitor can also be monitored through the obvious imaging color change. Taken together, the proposed method provides a powerful tool for cancer diagnosis and miRNA-associated biological study. © 2017 American Chemical Society.
Probiotic strains and mechanistic insights for the treatment of type 2 diabetes; Introduction: The intestinal microbial composition appears to differ between healthy controls and individuals with Type 2 diabetes (T2D). This observation has led to the hypothesis that perturbations of the intestinal microbiota may contribute to the development of T2D. Manipulations of the intestinal microbiota may therefore provide a novel approach in the prevention and treatment of T2D. Indeed, fecal transplants have shown promising results in both animal models for obesity and T2D and in human clinical trials. To avoid possible complications associated with fecal transplants, probiotics are considered as a viable alternative therapy. An important, however often underappreciated, characteristic of probiotics is that individual strains may have different, even opposing, effects on the host. This strain specificity exists also within the same species. A comprehensive understanding of the underlying mechanisms at the strain level is therefore crucial for the selection of suitable probiotic strains. Purpose: The aim of this review is to discuss the mechanisms employed by specific probiotic strains of the Lactobacillus and the Bifidobacterium genuses, which showed efficacy in the treatment of obesity and T2D. Some probiotic strains employ recurring beneficial effects, including the production of anti-microbial lactic acid, while other strains display highly unique features, such as hydrolysis of tannins. Conclusion: A major obstacle in the evaluation of probiotic strains lays in the great number of strains, differences in detection methodology and measured outcome parameters. The understanding of further research should be directed towards the development of standardized evaluation methods to facilitate the comparison of different studies. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
The genetic underpinnings of body fat distribution; Introduction: Obesity, defined as a body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2, has reached epidemic proportions; people who are overweight (BMI > 25 kg/m2) or obese now comprise more than 25% of the world’s population. Obese individuals have a higher risk of comorbidity development including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and fertility complications. Areas covered: The study of monogenic and syndromic forms of obesity have revealed a small number of genes key to metabolic perturbations. Further, obesity and body shape in the general population are highly heritable phenotypes. Study of obesity at the population level, through genome-wide association studies of BMI and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), have revealed > 150 genomic loci that associate with these traits, and highlight the role of adipose tissue and the central nervous system in obesity-related traits. Studies in animal models and cell lines have helped further elucidate the potential biological mechanisms underlying obesity. In particular, these studies implicate adipogenesis and expansion of adipose tissue as key biological pathways in obesity and weight gain. Expert commentary: Further work, including a focus on integrating genetic and additional genomic data types, as well as modeling obesity-like features in vitro, will be crucial in translating genome-wide association signals to the causal mechanisms driving disease. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Influence of non-pathological factors on alt measurements; Alanine transaminase (ALT) is still the most sensitive marker for evaluating the damage of liver cells. ALT measurements may be affected by common nonpathological factors such as gender, age, pregnancy, different physiological conditions, circadian rhythm, diet, drinking, smoking, strenuous exercise, metabolic factors, drugs, blood collection methods, and specimen collection, transmission, and preservation. It is important to emphasize the definition of limits of normal ALT and the influence of the above-mentioned non-pathological factors on its test results. © The Author(s) 2017 and 2017 Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Serum chemerin level during the first trimester of pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate the association between chemerin level in the first trimester of pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: The blood samples of 212 women at 8–12 weeks of gestation were collected. After screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 19 women with GDM and 20 women randomly selected from 144 women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were included in the study. Blood samples were collected from these women. Triglycerides, glucose, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, insulin and chemerin were measured. Gestational weight gain and body mass index was assessed. Results: Serum levels of chemerin were significantly elevated during late gestation, and the risk of GDM was positively associated with maternal serum chemerin in the first trimester. Conclusion: Serum chemerin level during the first trimester of pregnancy has the potential to predict risk of GDM. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Microbial mechanistic insight into the role of inulin in improving maternal health in a pregnant sow model; General consumption of "western diet" characterized by high refined carbohydrates, fat and energy intake has resulted in a global obesity epidemics and related metabolic disturbance even for pregnant women. Pregnancy process is accompanied by substantial hormonal, metabolic and immunological changes during which gut microbiota is also remarkably remodeled. Dietary fiber has been demonstrated to have a striking role in shifting the microbial composition so as to improve host metabolism and health in non-pregnant individuals. The present study was conducted to investigate effects of adding a soluble dietary fiber inulin (0 or 1.5%) to low- or high- fat (0 or 5% fat addition) gestational diet on maternal and neonatal health and fecal microbial composition in a sow model. Results showed that inulin addition decreased the gestational body weight gain and fat accumulation induced by fat addition. Circulating concentrations of pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-6, adipokine leptin and chemerin were decreased by inulin supplementation. Inulin addition remarkably reduced the average BMI of newborn piglets and the within litter BMI distributions (%) ranging between 17 and 20 kg/m2, and increased the BMI distribution ranging between 14 and 17 kg/m2. 16S rRNA gene sequencing of the V3-V4 region showed that fecal microbial changes at different taxonomic levels triggered by inulin addition predisposed the pregnant sow to be thinner and lower inflammatory. Meanwhile, fecal microbial composition was also profoundly altered by gestation stage with distinct changes occurring at perinatal period. Most representative volatile fatty acid (VFA) producing-related genera changed dramatically when reaching the perinatal period and varied degrees of increases were detected with inulin addition. Fecal VFA concentrations failed to show any significant effect with dietary intervention, however, were markedly increased at perinatal period. Our findings indicate that positive microbial changes resulted by 1.5% soluble fiber inulin addition would possibly be the potential mechanisms under which maternal body weight, metabolic and inflammatory status and neonatal BMI were improved. Besides, distinct changes of microbial community at perinatal period indicated the mother sow is undergoing a catabolic state with increased energy loss and inflammation response at that period compared with other stages of gestation. © 2017 Zhou, Zhao, Zhang, Li, Gui, Wang, Jin, Che, Li, Lin, Xu, Feng, Fang and Wu.
Use and importance of nonhuman primates in metabolic disease research: Current state of the field; Obesity and its multiple metabolic sequelae, including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and fatty liver disease, are becoming increasingly widespread in both the developed and developing world. There is an urgent need to identify new approaches for the prevention and treatment of these costly and prevalent metabolic conditions. Accomplishing this will require the use of appropriate animal models for preclinical and translational investigations in metabolic disease research. Although studies in rodent models are often useful for target/pathway identification and testing hypotheses, there are important differences in metabolic physiology between rodents and primates, and experimental findings in rodent models have often failed to be successfully translated into new, clinically useful therapeutic modalities in humans. Nonhuman primates represent a valuable and physiologically relevant model that serve as a critical translational bridge between basic studies performed in rodent models and clinical studies in humans. The purpose of this review is to evaluate the evidence, including a number of specific examples, in support of the use of nonhuman primate models in metabolic disease research, as well as some of the disadvantages and limitations involved in the use of nonhuman primates. The evidence taken as a whole indicates that nonhuman primates are and will remain an indispensable resource for evaluating the efficacy and safety of novel therapeutic strategies targeting clinically important metabolic diseases, including dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hepatic steatosis, steatohepatitis, and hepatic fibrosis, and potentially the cognitive decline and dementia associated with metabolic dysfunction, prior to taking these therapies into clinical trials in humans. © The Author(s) 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Inhibition of hepatocyte nuclear factor 1b induces hepatic steatosis through DPP4/NOX1-mediated regulation of superoxide; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disorder that is closely associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Previous studies have suggested that hepatocyte nuclear factor 1b (HNF1b) ameliorates insulin resistance. However, the role of HNF1b in the regulation of lipid metabolism and hepatic steatosis remains poorly understood. We found that HNF1b expression was decreased in steatotic livers. We injected mice with lentivirus (LV) expressing HNF1b shRNA to generate mice with hepatic knockdown of HNF1b. We also injected high fat (HF) diet-induced obese and db/db diabetic mice with LV expressing HNF1b to overexpress HNF1b. Knockdown of HNF1b increased hepatic lipid contents and induced insulin resistance in mice and in hepatocytes. Knockdown of HNF1b worsened HF diet-induced increases in hepatic lipid contents, liver injury and insulin resistance in mice and PA-induced lipid accumulation and impaired insulin signaling in hepatocytes. Moreover, overexpression of HNF1b alleviated HF diet-induced increases in hepatic lipid content and insulin resistance in mice. Knockdown of HNF1b increased expression of genes associated with lipogenensis and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. DPP4 and NOX1 expression was increased by knockdown of HNF1b and HNF1b directly bound with the promoters of DPP4 and NOX1. Overexpression of DPP4 or NOX1 was associated with an increase in lipid droplets in hepatocytes and decreased expression of DPP4 or NOX1 suppressed the effects of knockdown of HNF1b knockdown on triglyceride (TG) formation and insulin signaling. Knockdown of HNF1b increased superoxide level and decreased glutathione content, which was inhibited by downregulation of DPP4 and NOX1. N-acetylcysteine (NAC) suppressed HNF1b knockdown-induced ER stress, TG formation and insulin resistance. Palmitic acid (PA) decreased HNF1b expression which was inhibited by NAC. Taken together, these studies demonstrate that HNF1b plays an essential role in controlling hepatic TG homeostasis and insulin sensitivity by regulating DPP4/NOX1mediated generation of superoxide. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Aberrant Expression of Long Non-Coding RNAs in Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Indicates Potential Roles in Chronic Inflammation and Insulin Resistance; Background/Aims: Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have emerged as key players in several biological processes and complex diseases. The risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is determined by a combination of environmental factors and genetic susceptibility. The purpose of this study was to identify aberrant lncRNAs involved in T2D pathogenesis. Methods: Microarray analysis was performed using whole blood samples from patients newly diagnosed with T2D and healthy controls. Pathway and Gene Ontology (GO) analyses were utilized to annotate the target genes. Coding non-coding co-expression (CNC) analysis was performed to construct a co-expression network. Results: We found 55 lncRNAs and 202 mRNAs were differentially expressed in the T2D group compared to the healthy control group. Pathway and GO analyses demonstrated that dysregulated mRNAs were mainly associated with immune regulation, inflammation, and insulin resistance, whereas CNC analysis identified 10 pairs of co-expressed lncRNA-mRNAs in our patient cohort (R > 0.99). Furthermore, expression of the top three upregulated lncRNAs in the T2D group was correlated with measures of glycometabolism (P < 0.05). Conclusion: This study identified aberrantly expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs in Han Chinese patients with T2D, and demonstrated that dysregulated lncRNAs may have roles in T2D pathogenesis through regulation of inflammation and insulin resistance. © 2017 The Author(s).
Obesity-induced changes in hepatic and placental clock gene networks in rat pregnancy; Maternal obesity induces pregnancy complications and disturbs fetal development, but the specific mechanisms underlying these outcomes are unclear. Circadian rhythms are implicated in metabolic complications associated with obesity, and maternal metabolic adaptations to pregnancy. Accordingly, obesity-induced circadian dysfunction may drive adverse outcomes in obese pregnancy. This study investigated whether maternal obesity alters the rhythmic expression of clock genes and associated nuclear receptors across maternal, fetal, and placental tissues. Wistar rats were maintained on a cafeteria (CAF) diet prior to and throughout gestation to induce maternal obesity. Maternal and fetal liver and placental labyrinth zone (LZ) were collected at four-hourly time points across days 15-16 and 21-22 of gestation (term = 23 days). Gene expression was analyzed by RTqPCR. Expression of the accessory clock gene Nr1d1 was rhythmic in the maternal and fetal liver and LZ of chow-fed controls, but in each case CAF feeding reduced peak Nr1d1 expression. Obesity resulted in a phase advance (approx. 1.5 h) in the rhythms of several clock genes and Ppar-delta in maternal liver. Aside from Nr1d1, expression of clock genes was mostly arrhythmic in LZ and fetal liver, and was unaffected by the CAF diet. In conclusion, maternal obesity suppressed Nr1d1 expression across maternal, fetal, and placental compartments and phase-advanced the rhythms of maternal hepatic clock genes. Given the key role of Nr1d1 in regulating metabolic, vascular, and inflammatory processes, our data suggest that disruptions to rhythmic Nr1d1 expression in utero may contribute to programmed health complications in offspring of obese pregnancies. © The Author(s) 2017.
Sex-specific modulation of fetal adipogenesis by Gestational Bisphenol A and Bisphenol S Exposure; The endocrine-disrupting chemical bisphenolA(BPA) increases adipose tissuemass in vivo and promotes adipogenesis in vitro; however, mechanisms explaining BPA's obesogenic effect remain unknown.We investigated the effects of gestational BPAand its analog, bisphenol S (BPS), exposure on the adipogenic differentiation ability of fetal preadipocytes and the role of endoplasmic reticulum stress in regulating this process. Pregnant sheep (n = 7 to 8 per group)mated to the samemalewere exposed to BPA or BPS from days 30 to 100 of gestation; pregnancies were terminated 20 days later. Adipose tissue was harvested and fetal preadipocytes isolated. Adipose tissue gene expression, adipocyte size, preadipocyte gene expression, adipogenic differentiation, and dynamic expression of genes involved in adipogenesis and endoplasmic reticulum stress were assessed. Gestational BPA enhanced adipogenic differentiation in female, but not male, preadipocytes. The unfolded protein response (UPR) pathway was upregulated in BPA-exposed female preadipocytes supportive of a higher endoplasmic reticulum stress. Increased expression of estradiol receptor 1 and glucocorticoid receptor in female preadipocytes suggests that this may be a potential cause behind the sex-specific effects observed upon BPA exposure. Gestational BPS affected adipogenic terminal differentiation gene expression in male preadipocytes, but not adipogenic differentiation potential. We demonstrate that gestational BPA exposure can modulate the differentiation ability of fetal preadipocytes. UPR upregulation in gestationally BPAexposed female preadipocytes may contribute to the increased preadipocyte's adipogenic ability. The marked sex-specific effect of BPA highlights higher susceptibility of females to bisphenol A and potentially, a higher risk to develop obesity in adulthood. © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Melatonin, mitochondria, and the metabolic syndrome; A number of risk factors for cardiovascular disease including hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, and elevated blood pressure are collectively known as metabolic syndrome (MS). Since mitochondrial activity is modulated by the availability of energy in cells, the disruption of key regulators of metabolism in MS not only affects the activity of mitochondria but also their dynamics and turnover. Therefore, a link of MS with mitochondrial dysfunction has been suspected since long. As a chronobiotic/cytoprotective agent, melatonin has a special place in prevention and treatment of MS. Melatonin levels are reduced in diseases associated with insulin resistance like MS. Melatonin improves sleep efficiency and has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, partly for its role as a metabolic regulator and mitochondrial protector. We discuss in the present review the several cytoprotective melatonin actions that attenuate inflammatory responses in MS. The clinical data that support the potential therapeutical value of melatonin in human MS are reviewed. © 2017, Springer International Publishing AG.
Attenuated heart rate recovery predicts risk of incident diabetes: insights from a meta-analysis; Aims: To assess the association between attenuated heart rate recovery, a non-invasive measure of autonomic dysfunction, and risk of diabetes in the general population. Methods: Databases were searched for cohort studies up to May 2017 that reported the association of heart rate recovery with the risk of diabetes. The overall hazard ratios for slowest vs fastest heart rate recovery (the referent) and for every 10-beats-per-min decrement in heart rate recovery were calculated using a random effects meta-analysis model. Results: Four cohort studies with 430 incident cases of diabetes among a total of 9113 participants during a mean follow-up period of 8.1 years were included. Results showed that the slowest heart rate recovery was associated with a higher risk of diabetes (hazard ratio 1.66, 95% CI 1.16 to 2.38) vs the fastest heart rate recovery, and the hazard ratio of risk of diabetes for every 10-beats-per-min decrement in heart rate recovery was 1.29 (95% CI 1.13 to 1.48). No significant interaction effect was observed regarding the efficacy of 1-min and 2-min heart rate recovery in predicting risk of diabetes (both Pfor interaction >0.60); however, a linear dose–response relationship existed for overall studies and for studies using 1-min heart rate recovery as the exposure (both P >0.60 for non-linearity). Conclusions: Attenuated heart rate recovery is associated with an increased risk of diabetes in a dose-dependent manner, and measurement of heart rate recovery is worth recommending as part of diabetes risk assessment in clinical routines. © 2017 Diabetes UK
Choline prevents fetal overgrowth and normalizes placental fatty acid and glucose metabolism in a mouse model of maternal obesity; Maternal obesity increases placental transport of macronutrients, resulting in fetal overgrowth and obesity later in life. Choline participates in fatty acid metabolism, serves as a methyl donor and influences growth signaling, which may modify placental macronutrient homeostasis and affect fetal growth. Using a mouse model of maternal obesity, we assessed the effect of maternal choline supplementation on preventing fetal overgrowth and restoring placental macronutrient homeostasis. C57BL/6J mice were fed either a high-fat (HF, 60% kcal from fat) diet or a normal (NF, 10% kcal from fat) diet with a drinking supply of either 25 mM choline chloride or control purified water, respectively, beginning 4 weeks prior to mating until gestational day 12.5. Fetal and placental weight, metabolites and gene expression were measured. HF feeding significantly (P<.05) increased placental and fetal weight in the HF-control (HFCO) versus NF-control (NFCO) animals, whereas the HF choline-supplemented (HFCS) group effectively normalized placental and fetal weight to the levels of the NFCO group. Compared to HFCO, the HFCS group had lower (P<.05) glucose transporter 1 and fatty acid transport protein 1 expression as well as lower accumulation of glycogen in the placenta. The HFCS group also had lower (P<.05) placental 4E-binding protein 1 and ribosomal protein s6 phosphorylation, which are indicators of mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 activation favoring macronutrient anabolism. In summary, our results suggest that maternal choline supplementation prevented fetal overgrowth in obese mice at midgestation and improved biomarkers of placental macronutrient homeostasis. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics and insulin sensitivity; Animal studies indicate that the composition of gut microbiota may be involved in the progression of insulin resistance to type 2 diabetes. Probiotics and/or prebiotics could be a promising approach to improve insulin sensitivity by favourably modifying the composition of the gut microbial community, reducing intestinal endotoxin concentrations and decreasing energy harvest. The aim of the present review was to investigate the effects of probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics (a combination of probiotics and prebiotics) on insulin resistance in human clinical trials and to discuss the potential mechanisms whereby probiotics and prebiotics improve glucose metabolism. The anti-diabetic effects of probiotics include reducing pro-inflammatory cytokines via a NF-κB pathway, reduced intestinal permeability, and lowered oxidative stress. SCFA play a key role in glucose homeostasis through multiple potential mechanisms of action. Activation of G-protein-coupled receptors on L-cells by SCFA promotes the release of glucagon-like peptide-1 and peptide YY resulting in increased insulin and decreased glucagon secretion, and suppressed appetite. SCFA can decrease intestinal permeability and decrease circulating endotoxins, lowering inflammation and oxidative stress. SCFA may also have anti-lipolytic activities in adipocytes and improve insulin sensitivity via GLUT4 through the up-regulation of 5′-AMP-activated protein kinase signalling in muscle and liver tissues. Resistant starch and synbiotics appear to have favourable anti-diabetic effects. However, there are few human interventions. Further well-designed human clinical studies are required to develop recommendations for the prevention of type 2 diabetes with pro- and prebiotics. © 2017 The Authors.
Nonhuman primates and translational research-Cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States. Human epidemiological studies provide challenges for understanding mechanisms that regulate initiation and progression of CVD due to variation in lifestyle, diet, and other environmental factors. Studies describing metabolic and physiologic aspects of CVD, and those investigating genetic and epigenetic mechanisms influencing CVD initiation and progression, have been conducted in multiple OldWorld nonhuman primate (NHP) species. Major advantages of NHPs as models for understanding CVD are their genetic, metabolic, and physiologic similarities with humans, and the ability to control diet, environment, and breeding. These NHP species are also genetically and phenotypically heterogeneous, providing opportunities to study gene by environment interactions that are not feasible in inbred animal models. Each OldWorld NHP species included in this review brings unique strengths as models to better understand human CVD. All develop CVD without genetic manipulation providing multiple models to discover genetic variants that influence CVD risk. In addition, as each of these NHP species age, their age-related comorbidities such as dyslipidemia and diabetes are accelerated proportionally 3 to 4 times faster than in humans. In this review, we discuss current CVD-related research in NHPs focusing on selected aspects of CVD for which nonprimate model organism studies have left gaps in our understanding of human disease.We include studies on current knowledge of genetics, epigenetics, calorie restriction, maternal calorie restriction and offspring health, maternal obesity and offspring health, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and steatosis, Chagas disease, microbiome, stem cells, and prevention of CVD. © The Author(s) 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
The evolving relationship between adiponectin and insulin sensitivity in hepatitis C patients during viral clearance; Background: The evolution of the relationship between adiponectin and insulin sensitivity in hepatitis C virus (HCV) patients during viral clearance is unclear and warrants investigation. Methods: A prospective study including 747 consecutive chronic hepatitis C (CHC) patients, of whom 546 had completed a course of anti-HCV therapy and underwent pre-, peri- and post-therapy surveys for anthropomorphic, viral, metabolic and hepatic profiles and adiponectin levels, was conducted in a tertiary care center. Results: Multivariate analyses indicated associations of sex, triglyceride levels and hepatic steatosis with adiponectin levels and of triglyceride levels and interferon λ3 (IFNL3) genotype with homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels before anti-HCV therapy. In patients with a sustained virological response (SVR; n = 455), at 24 weeks post-therapy, sex, BMI, aspartate aminotransferase to platelet ratio index (APRI), HOMA-IR and steatosis were associated with adiponectin levels, and IFNL3 genotype was associated with HOMA-IR levels. GEE analysis demonstrated that SVR affected longitudinal trends in adiponectin levels. Compared with pre-therapy levels, adiponectin and APRI levels decreased 24 weeks post-therapy in SVR patients, regardless of baseline insulin resistance (IR). However, HOMA-IR levels decreased in SVR patients with baseline IR but increased in those without baseline IR. Compared with controls, immunohistochemical studies showed that pre-therapy CHC patients had higher hepatic adiponectin expression associated with hepatic fibrosis. Conclusions: During HCV infection, adiponectin may affect insulin sensitivity through triglycerides. After viral clearance, adiponectin levels were directly associated with insulin sensitivity and decreased upon improved hepatic fibrosis; with a link to the IFNL3 genotype, insulin sensitivity improved only in patients with baseline IR. © 2017 Taylor & Francis.
Maternal intake of grape seed procyanidins during lactation induces insulin resistance and an adiponectin resistance-like phenotype in rat offspring; Previously, we demonstrated that a grape seed procyanidin extract (GSPE) supplementation in pregnant and lactating rats exerted both healthy and deleterious programming effects on their offspring. Here, we evaluated whether the administration of GSPE during lactation (100 mg.kg-1.day-1) in rats elicited beneficial effects in their normoweight (STD-GSPE group) and cafeteria-fed obese (CAF-GSPE group) adult male offspring. STD-GSPE and CAF-GSPE offspring showed increased energy expenditure and circulating total and high-molecular-weight adiponectin. However, these rats showed hyperinsulinemia, decreased insulin sensitivity, increased insulin resistance, down-regulated mRNA levels of adiponectin receptors in inguinal white adipose tissue (Adipor1 and Adipor2) and soleus muscle (Adipor2), and decreased levels of phosphorylated AMPK, the downstream post-receptor target of adiponectin, in the soleus muscle. These deleterious effects could be related to an increased lipid transfer to the pups through the milk, since GSPE-supplemented dams displayed decreased fat content and increased expression of lipogenic genes in their mammary glands, in addition to increased circulating total adiponectin and non-esterified free fatty acids. In conclusion, maternal intake of GSPE during lactation induced insulin resistance and an adiponectin resistance-like phenotype in their normoweight and obese offspring. These findings raise concerns about the possibility of using GSPE as a nutraceutical supplement during this period. © 2017 The Author(s).
Serotonin transporter protects the placental cells against apoptosis in caspase 3-independent pathway; Serotonin (5-HT) and its specific transporter, SERT play important roles in pregnancy. Using placentas dissected from 18d gestational SERT-knock out (KO), peripheral 5-HT (TPH1)-KO, and wild-type (WT) mice, we explored the role of 5-HT and SERT in placental functions in detail. An abnormal thick band of fibrosis and necrosis under the giant cell layer in SERT-KO placentas appeared only moderately in TPH1-KO and minimally present in WT placentas. The majority of the changes were located at the junctional zone of the placentas in SERT. The etiology of these findings was tested with TUNEL assays. The placentas from SERT-KO and TPH1-KO showed 49- and 8-fold increase in TUNEL-positive cells without a concurrent change in the DNA repair or cell proliferation compared to WT placentas. While the proliferation rate in the embryos of TPH1-KO mice was 16-fold lower than the rate in gestational age matched embryos of WT or SERT-KO mice. These findings highlight an important role of continuous 5-HT signaling on trophoblast cell viability. SERT may contribute to protecting trophoblast cells against cell death via terminating the 5-HT signaling which changes cell death ratio in trophoblast as well as proliferation rate in embryos. However, the cell death in SERT-KO placentas is in caspase 3-independent pathway. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Nutritional programming effects on development of metabolic disorders in later life; Developmental programming resulting from maternal malnutrition can lead to an increased risk of metabolic disorders such as obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disorders in the offspring in later life. Furthermore, many conditions linked with developmental programming are also known to be associated with the aging process. This review summarizes the available evidence about the molecular mechanisms underlying these effects, with the potential to identify novel areas of therapeutic intervention. This could also lead to the discovery of new treatment options for improved patient outcomes. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Prediction of biomarkers for hepatocellular carcinoma through microarray-based DNA methylation analysis; Background: Aberrant DNA methylation of cytosine guanine dinucleotide sides (CpGs) is one of the earliest and most frequent alterations in cancer. However, there is no complete understanding of the methylome in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), and few studies comprehensively evaluated methylation signatures of HCC based on high-throughput platforms. Objective: BasedontheDNAmethylation data of HCC,the current studyaimedat identifying the specificDNAmethylation biomarkers to diagnose HCC. Methods: The current study used bioinformatics method based on the published microarray data of HCC was implemented in Linyi, Shandong Province, China in 2017. Using GSE57956 data downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus database, the differentially methylated genes between HCC and normal groups were identified. Next, hierarchical clustering was conducted to measure whether the differentially methylated genes could distinguish the HCC from the normal samples. Furthermore, functional enrichment analyses were respectively implemented for up- and down-methylated genes to further extract the potential biological processes based on DAVID tool. Results: According to the cutoff threshold of ≥ 0.2 average beta-values difference, 1340 differentially methylated genes (1660 CpGs) were identified including 978 up-methylated and 682 down-methylated genes. Utilization of the up-methylated and downmethylated genes to enrich gene oncology (GO) terms and biological pathways led to the identification of several important function regions, and the most significant ones were innate immune response, transcription from RNA polymerase II promoter and neuroactive ligand-receptor interaction. Conclusion: Functional terms (innate immune response, transcription from RNA polymerase II promoter, and neuroactive ligandreceptor interaction) might be as potential targets for HCC diagnosis and treatment. © 2018, Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal.
The role of NAFLD in cardiometabolic disease: An update; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver disease in the world, yet the complex pathogenesis remains to be fully elucidated. The prevalence of NAFLD has risen precipitously in recent years and is now a leading indication for liver transplantation. New waitlist registrants with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis-induced cirrhosis increased by 170% from 2004 to 2013. In addition, patients with NAFLD are at increased risk of both cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes. In this update, recent studies contributing to the understanding of the place of NAFLD in cardiometabolic disease will be discussed. © 2018 Faasse S et al.
TCM-Mesh: The database and analytical system for network pharmacology analysis for TCM preparations; With the advancement of systems biology research, we have already seen great progress in pharmacology studies, especially in network pharmacology. Network pharmacology has been proven to be effective for establishing the "compounds-proteins/genes-diseases" network, and revealing the regulation principles of small molecules in a high-throughput manner, thus would be very effective for the analysis of drug combinations, especially for TCM preparations. In this work, we have proposed the TCM-Mesh system, which records TCM-related information collected from various resources and could serve for network pharmacology analysis for TCM preparations in a high-throughput manner (http://mesh.tcm.microbioinformatics.org/). Currently, the database contains 6,235 herbs, 383,840 compounds, 14,298 genes, 6,204 diseases, 144,723 gene-disease associations, 3,440,231 pairs of gene interactions, 163,221 side effect records and 71 toxic records, and web-based software construct a network between herbs and treated diseases, which will help to understand the underlying mechanisms for TCM preparations at molecular levels. We have used 1,293 FDA-approved drugs, as well as compounds from an herbal material Panax ginseng and a patented drug Liuwei Dihuang Wan (LDW) for evaluating our database. By comparison of different databases, as well as checking against literature, we have demonstrated the completeness, effectiveness, and accuracy of our database. © The Author(s) 2017.
Hepatitis B and C virus infection and diabetes mellitus: A cohort study; The role of hepatitis virus infection in glucose homeostasis is uncertain. We examined the associations between hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and the development of diabetes in a cohort (N = 439,708) of asymptomatic participants in health screening examinations. In cross-sectional analyses, the multivariable-Adjusted odds ratio for prevalent diabetes comparing hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) (+) to HBsAg (-) participants was 1.17 (95% CI 1.06-1.31; P = 0.003). The corresponding odds ratio comparing hepatitis C antibodies (HCV Ab) (+) to HCV Ab (-) participants was 1.43 (95% CI 1.01-2.02, P = 0.043). In prospective analyses, the multivariable-Adjusted hazard ratio for incident diabetes comparing HBsAg (+) to HbsAg (-) participants was 1.23 (95% CI 1.08-1.41; P = 0.007). The number of incident cases of diabetes among HCV Ab (+) participants (10 cases) was too small to reliably estimate the prospective association between HCV infection and diabetes. In this large population at low risk of diabetes, HBV and HCV infections were associated with diabetes prevalence and HBV infection with the risk of incident diabetes. Our studies add evidence suggesting that diabetes is an additional metabolic complication of HBV and HCV infection. © 2017 The Author(s).
Characterization of the Rotating Exercise Quantification System (REQS), a novel Drosophila exercise quantification apparatus; Obesity is a disease that has reached epidemic proportions in the United States and has prompted international legislation in an attempt to curtail its prevalence. Despite the fact that one of the most prescribed treatment options for obesity is exercise, the genetic mechanisms underlying exercise response in individuals are still largely unknown. The fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster is a promising new model for studying exercise genetics. Currently, the lack of an accurate method to quantify the amount of exercise performed by the animals is limiting the utility of the Drosophila model for exercise genetics research. To address this limitation, we developed the Rotational Exercise Quantification System (REQS), a novel apparatus that is able to simultaneously induce exercise in flies while recording their activity levels. Thus, the REQS provides a method to standardize Drosophila exercise and ensure that all animals irrespective of genotype and sex experience the same level of exercise. Here, we provide a basic characterization of the REQS, validate its measurements using video-tracking technology, illustrate its potential use by presenting a comparison of two different exercise regimes, and demonstrate that it can be used to detect genotype-dependent variation in activity levels. © 2017 Watanabe, Riddle. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Gut microbiome in gestational diabetes: a cross-sectional study of mothers and offspring 5 years postpartum; Introduction: An altered gut microbiome composition is shown to be associated with various diseases and health outcomes. We compare the gut microbiota of women who developed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with that of those who did not, and the gut microbiota of their offspring, to determine any differences in the composition and diversity of their gut microbiota, which may be correlated with their GDM state. Material and methods: All women were at high risk for GDM and participated in the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL). Stool samples were obtained, 5 years postpartum, from 60 GDM-positive women, 68 non-GDM control women, and their children (n = 109), 237 individuals in total. 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing was employed to determine the composition of bacterial communities present. Statistical correlations were inferred between clinical variables and microbiota, while taking into account potential confounders. Results: In mothers, no significant differences were observed in microbiota composition between the two groups. Genus Anaerotruncus was increased in children of women with GDM (p < 0.001). Beta-diversity measures showed that a mother and her child have a more similar microbiome composition when compared with unrelated children, other mothers, or the children compared with each other (p < 0.001). Conclusions: These results suggest that there may be no discernible microbiome basis to GDM susceptibility in high-risk women, whereas microbiome differences between the offspring could be of greater biological significance. The heterogeneous nature of the disease could be obscuring potential differences between women. A longer time-series study, with carefully defined subject subgroups, may be an appropriate course of future investigation into GDM and the microbiome. © 2017 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology
The role of adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and obesity during pregnancy: A systematic review; Introduction: Adipokines are hormones secreted from adipose tissue in response to extracellular stimuli and changes in metabolism. These hormones are involved in the regulation of energy homeostasis, lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. Adiponectin is one of these adipokines that has anti-diabetic, anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic properties. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the role of adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and obesity during pregnancy. Materials and Methods: To conduct this research, a systematic of descriptive _observational studies by review was conducted searching databases, i.e PubMed, Iran Medex, SID, Google Scholar, between January 2000-February 2017, using the related keywords.The quality of the extracted articles was evaluated based on the STORBE checklist of contents and finally 20 articles were analyzed. Results: Adiponectin levels early in pregnancy increased, and with increasing insulin resistance during pregnancy, these levels gradually declined in maternal circulation and adipose tissue. Decreased adiponectin concentrations were also observed in obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus and can exacerbate insulin resistance, although levels of this hormone appears to increase in preeclampsia. Conclusion: These results indicate that reducing adiponectin levels is possibly involved in insulin resistance during pregnancy, obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus and the increase in levels of this hormone in preeclampsia is probably a physiological response to improving vascular function and insulin sensitivity. © 2018, Endocrine Research Center. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with disability and disease progression in multiple sclerosis patients independently of oxidative and nitrosative stress; The aim of this study was to assess vitamin D status in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) and to evaluate whether it was associated with oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS) markers and disability. This study included 137 patients with MS and 218 healthy controls. The markers evaluated were serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D, lipid hydroperoxides, advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), nitric oxide metabolites (NOx), and total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter TRAP/UA. Patients with 25(OH)D < 20 ng/mL showed higher EDSS (p = 0.016), MSSS (p = 0.005) and lower AOPP (p = 0.046) than those with 25(OH)D ≥ 20 ng/mL. After the binary logistic regression analyses, EDSS and MSSS remained significantly associated with vitamin D deficiency. We showed that lower levels of 25(OH)D were associated with higher EDSS and MSSS independently of variables such as O&NS, age, sex, body mass index, ethnicity, MS therapy, use of interferon beta, and clinical forms of MS (odds ratio: 1.380, 95% confidence interval 1.030–1.843, p = 0.031). Moreover, the study showed an association between serum levels of 25(OH)D and EDSS (r2 = 0.115, p = 0.002), demonstrating that 25(OH)D may contribute with 11.5% of increase in EDSS. Our results suggest that vitamin D deficiency may be considered one of the predictors of the disability in MS patients, independently of their redox status and influence the progression of disability in MS. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Fetal Overnutrition and Adolescent Hepatic Fat Fraction: the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study; Objective To determine if fetal overnutrition resulting from maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased liver fat during adolescence, adjusting for past and current metabolic risk factors. Study design Data come from a historical prospective cohort study (Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children) of 254 mother-child pairs in Colorado who participated in 2 research visits at T1 (mean age 10.4, SD = 1.5 years) and at T2 (mean age 16.4, SD = 1.5 years), and had complete exposure and outcome data. Multiple linear regression was used to evaluate the effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and GDM on hepatic fat fraction (HFF) by magnetic resonance imaging at T2. Results Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI 30+) was significantly associated (β = 1.59, CI = 0.66, 2.52) with increased HFF relative to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy weight (BMI <25) independent of maternal GDM and sociodemographic factors. Moreover, this association was independent of T2 and T1 metabolic risk factors (acanthosis nigricans, BMI, fasting glucose) (β = 1.03, CI = 0.10, 1.97). Prenatal GDM exposure was not associated with HFF in either unadjusted or adjusted models. Conclusions Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with increased HFF in offspring independent of childhood and adolescent adiposity. Intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that maternal obesity is a modifiable risk factor for childhood fatty liver disease. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Type 2 diabetes in adolescents and young adults; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes in adolescents and young adults is dramatically increasing. Similar to older-onset type 2 diabetes, the major predisposing risk factors are obesity, family history, and sedentary lifestyle. Onset of diabetes at a younger age (defined here as up to age 40 years) is associated with longer disease exposure and increased risk for chronic complications. Young-onset type 2 diabetes also affects more individuals of working age, accentuating the adverse societal effects of the disease. Furthermore, evidence is accumulating that young-onset type 2 diabetes has a more aggressive disease phenotype, leading to premature development of complications, with adverse effects on quality of life and unfavourable effects on long-term outcomes, raising the possibility of a future public health catastrophe. In this Review, we describe the epidemiology and existing knowledge regarding pathophysiology, risk factors, complications, and management of type 2 diabetes in adolescents and young adults. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Prediabetes: Beyond the Borderline; Prediabetes is a complex multifactorial metabolic disorder that extends beyond glucose control. Current studies have found that microvascular disease (neuropathy, nephropathy, and retinopathy), macrovascular disease (stroke, coronary artery disease, and peripheral vascular disease), periodontal disease, cognitive dysfunction, blood pressure changes, obstructive sleep apnea, low testosterone level, fatty liver disease, and cancer are some of conditions that are present with the onset of glycemic dysregulation. The presence of prediabetes increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes 3-fold to 10-fold. The identification and treatment of prediabetes are imperative to prevent or delay the progression to type 2 diabetes. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Plasma ET-1 Concentrations Are Elevated in Pregnant Women with Hypertension-Meta-Analysis of Clinical Studies; Background/Aims: The ET system might be involved in the pathogenesis of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. The objective is to analyse the impact of ET-1 in hypertensive pregnant women by a strict meta-analysis of published human clinical studies. Methods: Based on the principle of Cochrane systematic reviews, Cohort studies in PubMed (Medline), Google Scholar and China Biological Medicine Database (CBM-disc) designed to identify the role of endothelin-1 (ET-1) in the pathophysiology of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were screened. Review Manager Version 5.0 (Rev-Man 5.0) was applied for statistical analysis. Mean difference and 95% confidence interval (CI) were shown in inverse variance (IV) fixed-effects model or IV random-effects model. Results: Sixteen published cohort studies including 1739 hypertensive cases and 409 controls were used in the meta-analysis. ET-1 plasma concentrations were higher in hypertensive pregnant women as compared to the controls (mean difference between groups: 19.02 [15.60ï22.44], P < 0.00001,). These finding were driven by severity of hypertension and/or degree of proteinuria. Conclusion: Plasma ET-1 concentrations are elevated in hypertensive disorders during human pregnancy. In particular women with preeclampsia (hypertensive pregnant women with proteinuria) have substantially elevated plasma ET-1 concentration as compared to pregnant women with normal blood pressure. © 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Serotonin transporter deficiency drives estrogen-dependent obesity and glucose intolerance; Depression and use of antidepressant medications are both associated with increased risk of obesity, potentially attributed to a reduced serotonin transporter (SERT) function. However, how SERT deficiency promotes obesity is unknown. Here, we demonstrated that SERT -/- mice display abnormal fat accumulation in both white and brown adipose tissues, glucose intolerance and insulin resistance while exhibiting suppressed aromatase (Cyp19a1) expression and reduced circulating 17β-estradiol levels. 17β-estradiol replacement in SERT -/- mice reversed the obesity and glucose intolerance, supporting a role for estrogen in SERT deficiency-associated obesity and glucose intolerance. Treatment of wild type mice with paroxetine, a chemical inhibitor of SERT, also resulted in Cyp19a1 suppression, decreased circulating 17β-estradiol levels, abnormal fat accumulation, and glucose intolerance. Such effects were not observed in paroxetine-treated SERT -/- mice. Conversely, pregnant SERT -/- mice displayed normalized estrogen levels, markedly reduced fat accumulation, and improved glucose tolerance, which can be eliminated by an antagonist of estrogen receptor α (ERα). Together, these findings support that estrogen suppression is involved in SERT deficiency-induced obesity and glucose intolerance, and suggest approaches to restore 17β-estradiol levels as a novel treatment option for SERT deficiency associated obesity and metabolic abnormalities. © 2017 The Author(s).
Synergistic Cardioprotective Effects of Combined Chromium Picolinate and Atorvastatin Treatment in Triton X-100-Induced Hyperlipidemia in Rats: Impact on Some Biochemical Markers; Hyperlipidemia is one of the major risk factors for atherosclerosis and ischemic heart disease. Chromium (Cr) mineral is playing a crucial role in glucose and lipid homeostasis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the protective effects of combined chromium picolinate (CrPic) and atorvastatin treatment against hyperlipidemia-induced cardiac injury. Seventy-five male albino rats were divided into five groups (15 rats each). Hyperlipidemia was induced by intraperitoneal injection of a single dose of Triton X-100 (300 mg/kg body weight (b.w) (group ІІ). Treatment of hyperlipidemic rats was induced by daily administration of CrPic at a dose of 200 μg/kg b.w/day (group), atorvastatin at a dose of 10 mg/kg/day (group IV), and combined treatment with both (group V) by gavage for 7 days. At the end of experiment, serum and heart tissues were obtained. Hyperlipidemia was confirmed by histopathology of heart tissues, marked serum dyslipidemia, increased atherogenic indices, and values of ischemia-modified albumin. In addition to increased values of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, activity of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase enzyme and high relative expression levels of pentraxin-3 were observed. However, paraoxonase-1 activity was markedly decreased in the hyperlipidemic group. Significant improvement in all assessed parameters was observed in the rat group treated with both CrPic and atorvastatin. It can be concluded that combined CrPic and atorvastatin treatments had synergistic cardioprotective effects against hyperlipidemia which may be through modulating atherosclerosis as well as cardiac and aortic damage and/or activation of anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant pathways, thus reversing endothelial dysfunction. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Early microbes modify immune system development and metabolic homeostasis-the "Restaurant" hypothesis revisited; The developing infant gut microbiome affects metabolism, maturation of the gastrointestinal tract, immune system function, and brain development. Initial seeding of the neonatal microbiota occurs through maternal and environmental contact. Maternal diet, antibiotic use, and cesarean section alter the offspring microbiota composition, at least temporarily. Nutrients are thought to regulate initial perinatal microbial colonization, a paradigm known as the "Restaurant" hypothesis. This hypothesis proposes that early nutritional stresses alter both the initial colonizing bacteria and the development of signaling pathways controlled by microbial mediators. These stresses fine-tune the immune system and metabolic homeostasis in early life, potentially setting the stage for long-term metabolic and immune health. Dysbiosis, an imbalance or a maladaptation in the microbiota, can be caused by several factors including dietary alterations and antibiotics. Dysbiosis can alter biological processes in the gut and in tissues and organs throughout the body. Misregulated development and activity of both the innate and adaptive immune systems, driven by early dysbiosis, could have long-lasting pathologic consequences such as increased autoimmunity, increased adiposity, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This review will focus on factors during pregnancy and the neonatal period that impact a neonate's gut microbiome, as well as the mechanisms and possible links from early infancy that can drive increased risk for diseases including obesity and NAFLD. The complex pathways that connect diet, the microbiota, immune system development, and metabolism, particularly in early life, present exciting new frontiers for biomedical research. © 2017 Nash, Frank and Friedman.
The effects of a multispecies probiotic on migraine and markers of intestinal permeability-results of a randomized placebo-controlled study; Background/Objectives:Migraine, associated with several gastrointestinal disorders, may result from increased intestinal permeability, allowing endotoxins to enter the bloodstream. We tested whether probiotics could reduce migraine through an effect on intestinal permeability and inflammation.Subjects/Methods:In total, 63 patients were randomly allocated to the probiotic (n=31) or the placebo group (n=32). Participants ingested a multispecies probiotic (5x10 9 colony-forming units) or placebo daily for 12 weeks. Migraine was assessed with the Migraine Disability Assessment Scale (MIDAS), the Headache Disability Inventory (HDI) and headache diaries. At baseline and 12 weeks, intestinal permeability was measured with the urinary lactulose/mannitol test and fecal and serum zonulin; inflammation was measured from interleukin (IL) -6, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-α and C-reactive protein in serum.Results:The MIDAS migraine intensity score significantly decreased in both groups (P<0.001) and the HDI score significantly decreased in the probiotic group (P=0.032) and borderline in the placebo group (P=0.053). In the probiotics group, patients had a median of 6 migraine days in the first month, 4 in the second month (P=0.002) and 5 in the last month, which was not significantly different from the 5, 4, and 4 days in the placebo group. A ≤3/42day reduction in migraine days was seen in 12/31 patients in the probiotics group versus 7/29 in the placebo group (ns). Probiotic use did not significantly affect medication use, intestinal permeability or inflammation compared to placebo.Conclusions:In this study, we could not confirm significant benefit from a multispecies probiotic compared to a placebo on the outcome parameters of migraine and intestinal integrity. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Polycystic ovary syndrome throughout a woman’s life; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder among reproductive-aged women and the main cause of infertility due to anovulation. However, this syndrome spans the lives of women affecting them from in-utero life until death, leading to several health risks that can impair quality of life and increase morbidity and mortality rates. Fetal programming may represent the beginning of the condition characterized by hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance which leads to a series of medical consequences in adolescence, adulthood, and old age. Menstrual and fertility problems evolve into metabolic complications as age advances. An early and precise diagnosis is important for an adequate management of PCOS, especially at the extreme ends of the reproductive lifespan. However, many different phenotypes are included under the same condition, being important to look at these different phenotypes separately, as they may require different treatments and have different consequences. In this way, PCOS exhibits a great metabolic complexity and its diagnosis needs to be revised once again and adapted to recent data obtained by new technologies. According to the current medical literature, lifestyle therapy constitutes the first step in the management, especially when excess body weight is associated. Pharmacotherapy is frequently used to treat the most predominant manifestations in each age group, such as irregular menses and hirsutism in adolescence, fertility problems in adulthood, and metabolic problems and risk of cancer in old age. Close surveillance is mandatory in each stage of life to avoid health risks which may also affect the offspring, since fetal and post-natal complications seem to be increased in PCOS women. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: A common reproductive syndrome with long-term metabolic consequences; Polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrine disorder among women of reproductive age. Although traditionally viewed as a reproductive disorder, there is increasing appreciation that it is associated with significantly increased risk of cardiometabolic disorders. Women with polycystic ovary syndrome may present to clinicians via a variety of different routes and symptoms. Although the impact on reproduction predominates during the reproductive years, the increased cardiometabolic problems are likely to become more important at later stages of the life course. Women with polycystic ovary syndrome have an approximately 2- to 5-fold increased risk of dysglycaemia or type 2 diabetes, and hence regular screening with oral glucose tolerance test is warranted. Although the diagnostic criteria for polycystic ovary syndrome are still evolving and are undergoing revision, the diagnosis is increasingly focused on the presence of hyperandrogenism, with the significance of polycystic ovarian morphology in the absence of associated hyperandrogenism or anovulation remaining uncertain. The management of women with polycystic ovary syndrome should focus on the specific needs of the individual, and may change according to different stages of the life course. In view of the clinical manifestations of the condition, there is recent debate about whether the current name is misleading, and whether the condition should be renamed as metabolic reproductive syndrome. © 2017, Hong Kong Academy of Medicine Press. All rights reserved.
Adipose Tissue Macrophage-Derived Exosomal miRNAs Can Modulate in Vivo and in Vitro Insulin Sensitivity; MiRNAs are regulatory molecules that can be packaged into exosomes and secreted from cells. Here, we show that adipose tissue macrophages (ATMs) in obese mice secrete miRNA-containing exosomes (Exos), which cause glucose intolerance and insulin resistance when administered to lean mice. Conversely, ATM Exos obtained from lean mice improve glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity when administered to obese recipients. miR-155 is one of the miRNAs overexpressed in obese ATM Exos, and earlier studies have shown that PPARγ is a miR-155 target. Our results show that miR-155KO animals are insulin sensitive and glucose tolerant compared to controls. Furthermore, transplantation of WT bone marrow into miR-155KO mice mitigated this phenotype. Taken together, these studies show that ATMs secrete exosomes containing miRNA cargo. These miRNAs can be transferred to insulin target cell types through mechanisms of paracrine or endocrine regulation with robust effects on cellular insulin action, in vivo insulin sensitivity, and overall glucose homeostasis. Macrophages residing in adipose tissue use exosomes to modulate systemic insulin responses. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Current evidences and future perspectives on patient-oriented treatments for polycystic ovary syndrome: An overview; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common metabolic disorder that typically affects women of childbearing age. Several factors are involved in the genesis of this disease but a common agreement on its etiology is still far to be reached. According to Rotterdam criteria, PCOS is characterized by oligo and/ or anovulation, biochemical hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovaries on ultrasound; following main clinical features and symptoms, women with PCOS are distinguished in four different phenotypes. The combination of different medical and, in specific cases, surgical treatments is necessary to properly reduce symptoms and restore fertility. This review points out the last evidences on medical and surgical treatments for PCOS, especially it focuses on the most common assisted reproductive techniques currently performed in case of infertility due to this syndrome. We put a special attention on the possible approaches useful for sterile women who do not respond to first line medical and/or surgical treatments. © 2017, Partner-Graf srl, Prato.
Quercetin protects mouse liver against triptolide-induced hepatic injury by restoring Th17/Treg balance through Tim-3 and TLR4-MyD88-NF-κB pathway; Triptolide (TP) is a diterpene triepoxide with various biological activities, but its clinical applications have been limited by potential hepatotoxicity, which can be attributed to T helper 17 (Th17)/T regulatory (Treg) cell imbalance. Quercetin (QE), a natural flavonoid, has been reported to have many benefits and medicinal properties, including hepatoprotective activity against TP-induced liver injury. However, the hepatoprotection mechanisms have not been clarified. The present study was designed to explore the protective effect and the mechanism of QE against TP-induced liver injury. Treatment with QE (20, 50 and 80 mg/kg) prior to TP administration restored TP-induced alterations in a certain dose range indicating that QE was able to inhibit TP-induced liver injury. One mechanism underlying this effect was the shifting balance in Th17 and Treg cells from Th17 dominance to Treg dominance. Furthermore, QE markedly decreased the expression level of the Th17-related pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-17 and IL-6, as well as the Th17 transcription factor retinoid-related orphan receptor-γt (ROR-γt). TP induced downregulation in the expression of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10, but the expression of Treg transcription factor forkhead/winged-helix family transcriptional repressor p3 (FoxP3) was restored by QE. In the process of exploring the possible hepatoprotective mechanisms of QE, we found that QE significantly reduced both protein and mRNA expression of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), which in turn not only inactivated myeloid differentiation primary response gene 88 (MYD88), nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB) and related inflammatory cytokines IL-6 and IL-17, but also simultaneously increased the levels of T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain-containing protein 3 (Tim-3). Furthermore, blocking of TLR4 enhanced the effect of QE in regulating the Th17/Treg imbalance. In summary, this report has demonstrated for the first time that the protection afforded by QE against TP-induced liver injury was associated with a shift in the balance of Th17 and Treg cells to Treg dominance, which was regulated by Tim-3 and TLR4-MyD88-NF-κB signaling pathway. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Fatty liver index and hepatic steatosis index for prediction of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in type 1 diabetes; Background and Aim: Little is known about the diagnostic value of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) and fatty liver index (FLI), as well as their link to metabolic syndrome in type 1 diabetes mellitus. We have screened the effectiveness of FLI and HSI in an observational pilot study of 40 patients with type 1 diabetes. Methods: FLI and HSI were calculated for 201 patients with type 1 diabetes. Forty patients with FLI/HSI values corresponding to different risk of liver steatosis were invited for liver magnetic resonance study. In-phase/opposed-phase technique of magnetic resonance was used. Accuracy of indices was assessed from the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve. Results: Twelve (30.0%) patients had liver steatosis. For FLI, sensitivity was 90%; specificity, 74%; positive likelihood ratio, 3.46; negative likelihood ratio, 0.14; positive predictive value, 0.64; and negative predictive value, 0.93. For HSI, sensitivity was 86%; specificity, 66%; positive likelihood ratio, 1.95; negative likelihood ratio, 0.21; positive predictive value, 0.50; and negative predictive value, 0.92. Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for FLI was 0.86 (95% confidence interval [0.72; 0.99]); for HSI 0.75 [0.58; 0.91]. Liver fat correlated with liver enzymes, waist circumference, triglycerides, and C-reactive protein. FLI correlated with C-reactive protein, liver enzymes, and blood pressure. HSI correlated with waist circumference and C-reactive protein. FLI ≥ 60 and HSI ≥ 36 were significantly associated with metabolic syndrome and nephropathy. Conclusions: The tested indices, especially FLI, can serve as surrogate markers for liver fat content and metabolic syndrome in type 1 diabetes. © 2017 Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Physiologic interpretation of GWAS signals for type 2 diabetes; This chapter reviews both statistical and physiologic issues related to the pathophysiologic effects of genetic variation in the context of type 2 diabetes. The goal is to review current methodologies used to analyze disease-related quantitative traits for those who do not have extensive quantitative and physiologic background, as an attempt to bridge that gap. We leverage mathematical modeling to illustrate the strengths and weaknesses of different approaches and attempt to reinforce with real data analysis. Topics reviewed include phenotype selection, phenotype specificity, multiple variant analysis via the genetic risk score, and consideration of multiple disease-related phenotypes. Type 2 diabetes is used as the example, not only because of the extensive existing knowledge at the genetic, physiologic, clinical, and epidemiologic levels, but also because type 2 diabetes has been at the forefront of complex disease genetics, with many examples to draw from. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2018.
Lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP) reverses the amyloid state of fibrin seen in plasma of type 2 diabetics with cardiovascular co-morbidities; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) has many cardiovascular complications, including a thrombotic propensity. Many such chronic, inflammatory diseases are accompanied (and may be exacerbated, and possibly even largely caused) by amyloid fibril formation. Recognising that there are few strong genetic associations underpinning T2D, but that amyloidogenesis of amylin is closely involved, we have been seeking to understand what might trigger the disease. Serum levels of bacterial lipopolysaccharide are raised in T2D, and we recently showed that fibrin(ogen) polymerisation during blood clotting can be affected strongly by LPS. The selectivity was indicated by the regularisation of clotting by lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP). Since coagulopathies are a hallmark of T2D, we wondered whether they might too be caused by LPS (and reversed by LBP). We show here, using SEM and confocal microscopy, that platelet-poor-plasma from subjects with T2D had a much greater propensity for hypercoagulability and for amyloidogenesis, and that these could both be reversed by LBP. These data imply that coagulopathies are an important feature of T2D, and may be driven by 'hidden' LPS. Given the prevalence of amyloid formation in the sequelae of diabetes, this opens up novel strategies for both the prevention and treatment of T2D. © 2017 The Author(s).
Structure and function of bone marrow adipocytes; Adipocytes are heterogeneous cells strongly linked to energy storage and disposal. In parallel, adipocytes are endowed with an extensive portfolio of endocrine molecules, whose secretion varies depending on nutritional status. Marrow adipose tissue (MAT) has specific characteristics that are not shared by white (WAT) or brown (BAT) adipose tissue. First, marrow adipocytes and osteoblasts are terminally differentiated cells that originate from the same bone marrow mesenchymal stromal cell. Differently from WAT adipocytes, marrow adipocytes expand under conditions of energy restriction and seem to be not influenced by energy surplus, at least in humans. Over the last few years, several lines of evidence have suggested that bone cells and MAT are mutually connected regarding the modulation of both energy metabolism and bone remodeling. Adipokines (e.g., adiponectin, leptin, and chemerin), incretins (GLP1 and GIP), and several classical hormones (e.g., GH and insulin) are biochemical components involved in the modulation of bone remodeling, marrow adipogenesis, and energy metabolism. As expected, metabolic and nutritional diseases such as diabetes mellitus and anorexia nervosa (AN) greatly affect MAT quantity and quality as well as bone strength. Although the interest in MAT started recently, the rapid advances in current technology have expedited unprecedented growth of knowledge in this area. The present review intends to give to the reader an up-to-date perspective about MAT structure and physiology as well as its involvement in metabolic and nutritional diseases such as diabetes mellitus and anorexia. © 2018 American Physiological Society.
Persistent Organic Pollutants as Risk Factors for Obesity and Diabetes; Purpose of review: The rising prevalence of obesity and diabetes cannot be fully explained by known risk factors, such as unhealthy diet, a sedentary lifestyle, and family history. This review summarizes the available studies linking persistent organic pollutants (POPs) to obesity and diabetes and discusses plausible underlying mechanisms. Recent findings: Increasing evidence suggest that POPs may act as obesogens and diabetogens to promote the development of obesity and diabetes and induce metabolic dysfunction. POPs are synthesized chemicals and are used widely in our daily life. These chemicals are resistant to degradation in chemical or biological processes, which enable them to exist in the environment persistently and to be bio-accumulated in animal and human tissue through the food chain. Increasingly, epidemiologic studies suggest a positive association between POPs and risk of developing diabetes. Summary: Understanding the relationship of POPs with obesity and diabetes may shed light on preventive strategies for obesity and diabetes. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Maternal exercise modifies body composition and energy substrates handling in male offspring fed a high-fat/high-sucrose diet; Key points: Maternal training during gestation enhances offspring body composition and energy substrates handling in early adulthood. Offspring nutrition also plays a role as some beneficial effects of maternal training during gestation disappear after consumption of a high-fat diet. Abstract: Maternal exercise during gestation has been reported to modify offspring metabolism and health. Whether these effects are exacerbated when offspring are receiving a high-fat diet remains unclear. Our purpose was to evaluate the effect of maternal exercise before and during gestation on the offspring fed a high-fat/high-sucrose diet (HF) by assessing its body composition, pancreatic function and energy substrates handling by two major glucose-utilizing tissues: liver and muscle. Fifteen-week-old nulliparous female Wistar rats exercised 4 weeks before as well as during gestation at a constant submaximal intensity (TR) or remained sedentary (CT). At weaning, pups from each group were fed either a standard diet (TRCD or CTCD) or a high-fat/high-sucrose diet (TRHF or CTHF) for 10 weeks. Offspring from TR dams gained less weight compared to those from CT dams. Selected fat depots were larger with the HF diet compared to control diet (CD) but significantly smaller in TRHF compared to CTHF. Surprisingly, the insulin secretion index was higher in islets from HF offspring compared to CD. TR offspring showed a higher muscle insulin sensitivity estimated by the ratio of phosphorylated protein kinase B to total protein kinase B compared with CT offspring (+48%, P < 0.05). With CD, permeabilized isolated muscle fibres from TR rats displayed a lower apparent affinity constant (Km) for pyruvate and palmitoyl coenzyme A as substrates compared to the CT group (−46% and −58%, respectively, P < 0.05). These results suggest that maternal exercise has positive effects on young adult offspring body composition and on muscle carbohydrate and lipid metabolism depending on the nutritional status. © 2017 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2017 The Physiological Society
Probiotics ingestion does not directly affect thyroid hormonal parameters in hypothyroid patients on levothyroxine treatment; Purpose: The relationship between probiotics and levothyroxine (LT4) requirement has not yet been investigated. The aim of this study was to assess whether a mixture of highly charged Lactobacilli and Bifidobacteria (VSL#3®) is able to influence LT4 metabolism acting on the gut microbiota. Methods: A prospective, randomized, single-blind, controlled, investigator-started clinical trial was carried out. Patients with primary hypothyroidism were randomly assigned to the study (VSL#3® + LT4) and the control group (LT4). A 2-month treatment phase was followed by 2 months of follow-up. Clinical examination, blood tests for thyroid function and for peripheral tissue markers of thyroid hormones (PTM) were performed monthly. LT4 dose adjustments were performed when necessary. Results: Thirty-nine patients were enrolled in the study group and 41 in the control group. No difference in thyroid function [thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free triiodothyronine (fT3), and free thyroxine (fT4)] and PTM was found between groups and among visits. FT3/fT4 ratio was directly correlated to TSH at each visit in both groups, with the exception of the first evaluation of probiotics-treated subjects (rho = 0.287, p = 0.076). LT4 daily dose adjustments occurred more frequently in the control than in the study group (p = 0.007), despite no differences in the mean LT4 daily dose. In particular, LT4 doses were increased six times in the control group and decreased four times in the study group. Conclusion: VSL#3® does not directly alter thyroid functional compensation. A probiotics-mediated influence on thyroid hormones homeostasis is suggested since probiotics supplementation could be able to prevent serum hormonal fluctuations. © 2017 Spaggiari, Brigante, De Vincentis, Cattini, Roli, De Santis, Baraldi, Tagliavini, Varani, Trenti, Rochira, Simoni and Santi.
Prevention of Diabetes: Countless Opportunities and Clear Challenges; Prevention of diabetes poses significant challenges; especially when applied as public health intervention. While several trials, most importantly Diabetes Prevention Program, show that intensive lifestyle modification leading to weight loss is the most important intervention, many individuals and some populations may show resistance to these interventions. Roadblocks to lifestyle intervention alone or in combination include: age, some ethnic groups (e.g., south Asians), genetic make-up, and some characteristics of body phenotype. Recent data show that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease along with insulin resistance may constitute ‘metabolically unhealthy phenotype’. These subgroups would need more intensive interventions to convert prediabetes to normal glucose regulation. Whether ‘fatty pancreas’ and sarcopenia, latter more often seen in Asian Indians and with advancing age, are other phenotypes requiring intensive and different interventions (e.g., more resistance exercise in latter) remains to be researched. Further, variations in dietary quality (Mediterranean diet enriched with extra virgin olive oil, high-protein diets) without changing much of calories, provide attractive options for intervention. Many of such innovations require more research. Translation of lessons from diabetes prevention studies to general population is daunting but possible. However, such community-based interventions need substantial human and material resources, which pose hurdles in underserved populations and developing countries. In such situations, low-cost modalities, for example, use of trained community educators and digital and social media, constitute attractive approaches. © 2017, © 2017 The Author(s).
Flavonoids, dairy foods, and cardiovascular and metabolic health: A review of emerging biologic pathways; A growing body of nutritional science highlights the complex mechanisms and pleiotropic pathways of cardiometabolic effects of different foods. Among these, some of the most exciting advances are occurring in the area of flavonoids, bioactive phytochemicals found in plant foods; and in the area of dairy, including milk, yogurt, and cheese. Many of the relevant ingredients and mechanistic pathways are now being clarified, shedding new light on both the ingredients and the pathways for how diet influences health and well-being. Flavonoids, for example, have effects on skeletal muscle, adipocytes, liver, and pancreas, and myocardial, renal, and immune cells, for instance, related to 5′-monophosphate-activated protein kinase phosphorylation, endothelial NO synthase activation, and suppression of NF-κB (nuclear factor-κB) and TLR4 (toll-like receptor 4). Effects of dairy are similarly complex and may be mediated by specific amino acids, medium-chain and odd-chain saturated fats, unsaturated fats, branched-chain fats, natural trans fats, probiotics, vitamin K1/K2, and calcium, as well as by processing such as fermentation and homogenization. These characteristics of dairy foods influence diverse pathways including related to mammalian target of rapamycin, silent information regulator transcript-1, angiotensin-converting enzyme, peroxisome proliferator.activated receptors, osteocalcin, matrix glutamate protein, hepatic de novo lipogenesis, hepatic and adipose fatty acid oxidation and inflammation, and gut microbiome interactions such as intestinal integrity and endotoxemia. The complexity of these emerging pathways and corresponding biological responses highlights the rapid advances in nutritional science and the continued need to generate robust empirical evidence on the mechanistic and clinical effects of specific foods. © 2018 American Heart Association, Inc.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, as a component of the metabolic syndrome, and its causal correlations with other extrahepatic diseases; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is the most common non-infectious chronic liver-disease in our age, and is a spectrum of all the diseases associated with increased fat accumulation in the hepatocytes. Its development is promoted by sedentary life-style, over-feeding, and certain genetic predisposition. Prevalence in the adult population, even in Hungary is ∼30%. In a part of cases, this disease may pass into non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, later into fibrosis, rarely into primary hepatocellular cancer. Fatty liver is closely and bidirectionally related to the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, and nowadays there is a general consensus that fatty liver is the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic sycndrome. The importance of the fatty liver has been highly emphasized recently. In addition to the progression into steatohepatitis, its causal relationship with numerous extrahepatic disorders has been discovered. In our overview, we deal with the epidemiology, pathomechanism of the disease, discuss the possibilities of diagnosis, its relationship with the intestinal microbiota, its recently recognized correlations with bile acids and their receptors, and its supposed correlations with the circadian CLOCK system. Hereinafter, we overview those extrahepatic disorders, which have been shown to be causal link with the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Among these, we emphasize the metabolic syndrome/type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, chronic kidney disease, sleep apnea/hypoventilation syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, Alzheimer's disease, osteoporosis, and psoriasis, as well. Based on the above, it can be stated, that high risk individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease need systemic care, and require the detection of other components of this systemic pathological condition. While currently specific therapy for the disease is not yet known, life-style changes, adequate use of available medicines can prevent disease progression. Promising research is under way, including drugs, manipulation of the intestinal flora or the possibility of therapeutic use of bile acid receptors, and also bariatric surgery.
From sea to shining sea and the great plains to patagonia: A review on current knowledge of diabetes mellitus in hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America; The past two decades have witnessed many advances in the prevention, treatment, and control of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Increased screening has led to a greater recognition of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and prediabetes; however, Hispanics/Latinos, the largest minority group in the US, have not fully benefited from these advances. The Hispanic/Latino population is highly diverse in ancestries, birth places, cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds, and it populates most of the Western Hemisphere. In the US, the prevalence of DM varies among Hispanic/Latino heritage groups, being higher among Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans, and lower among South Americans. The risk and prevalence of diabetes among Hispanics/Latinos are significantly higher than in non-Hispanic Whites, and nearly 40% of Hispanics/Latinos with diabetes have not been formally diagnosed. Despite these striking facts, the representation of Hispanics/Latinos in pharmacological and non-pharmacological clinical trials has been suboptimal, while the prevalence of diabetes in these populations continues to rise. This review will focus on the epidemiology, etiology and prevention of type 2 DM in populations of Latin American origin. We will set the stage by defining the terms Hispanic, Latino, and Latin American, explaining the challenges identifying Hispanics/Latinos in the scientific literature and databases, describing the epidemiology of diabetes-including type 2 DM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-and cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America, and discussing trends, and commonalities and differences across studies and populations, including methodology to ascertain diabetes. We will discuss studies on mechanisms of disease, and research on prevention of type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos, including women with GDM, youth and adults; and finalize with a discussion on lessons learned and opportunities to enhance research, and, consequently, clinical care oriented toward preventing type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America. © 2017 Avilés-Santa, Colón-Ramos, Lindberg, Mattei, Pasquel and Pérez.
Prepregnancy maternal diabetes combined with obesity impairs placental mitochondrial function involving Nrf2/ARE pathway and detrimentally alters metabolism of offspring; Metabolic disorders usually increase the level of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and damage mitochondrial function. The placenta supplies nutrients and hormonal signals to the fetus for regulating fetal metabolism, and is also prone to injury by oxidants. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of pre-existing maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) combined with obesity on placental mitochondrial function and metabolism disorders of offspring. The study included 96 pregnant women. The women were put into the following groups: healthy women (control, n = 24), women with DM (DM, n = 24), women with obesity (OB, n = 24) and women with both DM and obesity (DM + OB, n = 24). The ROS level, mitochondrial content, and the mitochondrial respiratory complex activities of the placenta were measured in the four groups. The expression of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) and heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) was detected by immunofluorescence staining and western blotting. In addition, serum levels of insulin, glucose, leptin, nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA), adiponectin and triglycerides of their offspring were also measured. Maternal DM combined with obesity markedly increased ROS level, reduced mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content and mitochondrial respiratory complex I, II–III activities in placenta compared to the placenta from the control group and the DM group. Maternal DM combined with obesity significantly decreased Nrf2 and HO-1 expression. Furthermore, maternal DM combined with obesity influenced the glucose and lipid metabolism in their offspring. In conclusion, women with both DM and obesity detrimentally alter placenta function in oxidative stress regulation, and the Nrf2/ARE (antioxidant responsive element) pathway is involved. This may increase metabolic disturbance susceptibility in their offspring. © 2017 Asia Oceania Association for the Study of Obesity
Endocrine disrupting chemicals mediated through binding androgen receptor are associated with diabetes mellitus; Endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) can mimic natural hormone to interact with receptors in the endocrine system and thus disrupt the functions of the endocrine system, raising concerns on the public health. In addition to disruption of the endocrine system, some EDCs have been found associated with many diseases such as breast cancer, prostate cancer, infertility, asthma, stroke, Alzheimer’s disease, obesity, and diabetes mellitus. EDCs that binding androgen receptor have been reported associated with diabetes mellitus in in vitro, animal, and clinical studies. In this review, we summarize the structural basis and interactions between androgen receptor and EDCs as well as the associations of various types of diabetes mellitus with the EDCs mediated through androgen receptor binding. We also discuss the perspective research for further understanding the impact and mechanisms of EDCs on the risk of diabetes mellitus. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The prediction of fetal death with a simple maternal blood test at 24-28 weeks: a role for angiogenic index-1 (PlGF/sVEGFR-1 ratio); Background: Fetal death is an obstetrical syndrome that annually affects 2.4 to 3 million pregnancies worldwide, including more than 20,000 in the United States each year. Currently, there is no test available to identify patients at risk for this pregnancy complication. Objective: We sought to determine if maternal plasma concentrations of angiogenic and antiangiogenic factors measured at 24-28 weeks of gestation can predict subsequent fetal death. Study Design: A case-cohort study was designed to include 1000 randomly selected subjects and all remaining fetal deaths (cases) from a cohort of 4006 women with a singleton pregnancy, enrolled at 6-22 weeks of gestation, in a pregnancy biomarker cohort study. The placentas of all fetal deaths were histologically examined by pathologists who used a standardized protocol and were blinded to patient outcomes. Placental growth factor, soluble endoglin, and soluble vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1 concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Quantiles of the analyte concentrations (or concentration ratios) were estimated as a function of gestational age among women who delivered a live neonate but did not develop preeclampsia or deliver a small-for-gestational-age newborn. A positive test was defined as analyte concentrations (or ratios) <2.5th and 10th centiles (placental growth factor, placental growth factor/soluble vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1 [angiogenic index-1] and placental growth factor/soluble endoglin) or >90th and 97.5th centiles (soluble vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1 and soluble endoglin). Inverse probability weighting was used to reflect the parent cohort when estimating the relative risk. Results: There were 11 fetal deaths and 829 controls with samples available for analysis between 24-28 weeks of gestation. Three fetal deaths occurred <28 weeks and 8 occurred ≥28 weeks of gestation. The rate of placental lesions consistent with maternal vascular underperfusion was 33.3% (1/3) among those who had a fetal death <28 weeks and 87.5% (7/8) of those who had this complication ≥28 weeks of gestation. The maternal plasma angiogenic index-1 value was <10th centile in 63.6% (7/11) of the fetal death group and in 11.1% (92/829) of the controls. The angiogenic index-1 value was <2.5th centile in 54.5% (6/11) of the fetal death group and in 3.7% (31/829) of the controls. An angiogenic index-1 value <2.5th centile had the largest positive likelihood ratio for predicting fetal death >24 weeks (14.6; 95% confidence interval, 7.7–27.7) and a relative risk of 29.1 (95% confidence interval, 8.8–97.1), followed by soluble endoglin >97.5th centile and placental growth factor/soluble endoglin <2.5th, both with a positive likelihood ratio of 13.7 (95% confidence interval, 7.3–25.8) and a relative risk of 27.4 (95% confidence interval, 8.2–91.2). Among women without a fetal death whose plasma angiogenic index-1 concentration ratio was <2.5th centile, 61% (19/31) developed preeclampsia or delivered a small-for-gestational-age neonate; when the 10th centile was used as the cut-off, 37% (34/92) of women had these adverse outcomes. Conclusion: (1) A maternal plasma angiogenic index-1 value <2.5th centile (0.126) at 24-28 weeks of gestation carries a 29-fold increase in the risk of subsequent fetal death and identifies 55% of subsequent fetal deaths with a false-positive rate of 3.5%; and (2) 61% of women who have a false-positive test result will subsequently experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2017
A critical role for adiponectin-mediated development of endometrial luminal epithelial cells during the peri-implantation period of pregnancy; Adiponectin is one of the adipokines in the collagen superfamily. It is secreted primarily by white adipocytes and influences reproductive processes including ovarian and uterine functions. Adiponectin regulates energy homeostasis, insulin sensitivity, and is anti-inflammatory in various tissues. Its receptors (ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2) are widely expressed in mammalian tissues, including porcine conceptuses and endometrial during the estrous cycle and peri-implantation period of pregnancy. However, regulatory effects of adiponectin on endometrial epithelial cells are unknown. Therefore, we investigated the effects of parity on expression of ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 and the effects of adiponectin in the porcine endometrium during early pregnancy. Results of this study revealed robust expression of ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 in uterine luminal (LE) and glandular (GE) epithelia during early pregnancy and expression decreased as with increasing parity. For porcine luminal epithelial (pLE) cells, adiponectin enhanced proliferation, and increased phosphorylation of AKT, P70S6K, S6, ERK1/2, JNK, P38, and P90RSK in a time-dependent manner. Moreover, the abundance of adiponectin-activated signaling molecules were suppressed by pharmacological inhibitors including wortmannin, U0126, SP600125, and SB203580, respectively, in pLE cells. Furthermore, inhibition of each targeted signal transduction molecule influenced proliferation of adiponectin-stimulated pLE cells. In addition, adiponectin inhibited tunicamycin-induced endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-stress through effects on ER stress regulated proteins in pLE cells. Collectively, these results suggest that adiponectin affects development of porcine uterine epithelia and reproductive performance through modulation of PI3K/AKT and MAPK cell signaling pathways. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Biological roles of hepatocyte growth factor-Met signaling from genetically modified animals (Review); Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is produced by stromal and mesenchymal cells, and it stimulates epithelial cell proliferation, motility, morphogenesis and angiogenesis in various organs via tyrosine phosphorylation of its cognate receptor, Met. The HGF-Met signaling pathway contributes in a paracrine manner to the development of epithelial organs, exerts regenerative effects on the epithelium, and promotes the regression of fibrosis in numerous organs. Additionally, the HGF-Met signaling pathway is correlated with the biology of cancer types, neurons and immunity. In vivo analyses using genetic modification have markedly increased the profound understanding of the HGF-Met system in basic biology and its clinical applications. HGF and Met knockout (KO) mice are embryonically lethal. Therefore, amino acids in multifunctional docking sites of Met have been exchanged with specific binding motifs for downstream adaptor molecules in order to investigate the signaling potential of the HGF-Met signaling pathway. Conditional Met KO mice were generated using Cre-loxP methodology and characterization of these mice indicated that the HGF-Met signaling pathway is essential in regeneration, protection, and homeostasis in various tissue types and cells. Furthermore, the results of studies using HGF- mice have indicated the therapeutic potential of HGF for various types of disease and injury. In the present review, the phenotypes of Met gene-modified mice are summarized. © 2017, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
The Association between High Fat Diet around Gestation and Metabolic Syndrome-related Phenotypes in Rats: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Numerous rodent studies have evaluated the effects of a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on later in life susceptibility to Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) with varying results. Our aim was to quantitatively synthesize the available data on effects of maternal HFD around gestation on offspring's body mass, body fat, plasma leptin, glucose, insulin, lipids and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Literature was screened and summary estimates of the effect of maternal HFD on outcomes were calculated by using fixed- or random-effects models. 362 effect sizes from 68 studies together with relevant moderators were collected. We found that maternal HFD is statistically associated with higher body fat, body weight, leptin, glucose, insulin and triglycerides levels, together with increased SBP in offspring later in life. Our analysis also revealed non-significant overall effect on offspring's HDL-cholesterol. A main source of variation among studies emerged from rat strain and lard-based diet type. Strain and sex -specific effects on particular data subsets were detected. Recommendations are suggested for future research in the field of developmental programming of the MetS. Despite significant heterogeneity, our meta-analysis confirms that maternal HFD had long-term metabolic effects in offspring. © 2017 The Author(s).
Prevalence of pre-diabetes across ethnicities: A review of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) for classification of dysglycaemia; Prediabetes can be defined by the presence of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), or glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) to identify individuals at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D). The World Health Organization (WHO, 1999) and the American Diabetes Association (ADA, 2003) utilise different cut-off values for IFG (WHO: 6.1–6.9 mmol/L; ADA: 5.6–6.9 mmol/L) but the same cut-off values for IGT (7.8–11.0 mmol/L). This review investigates whether there are differences in prevalence of IFG, IGT, and combined IFG&IGT between ethnicities, in particular Asian Chinese and European Caucasians. In total, we identified 19 studies using the WHO1999 classification, for which the average proportional prevalence for isolated (i)-IFG, i-IGT, and combined IFG&IGT were 43.9%, 41.0%, and 13.5%, respectively, for Caucasian and 29.2%, 49.4%, and 18.2%, respectively, for Asian. For the 14 studies using ADA2003 classification, the average proportional i-IFG, i-IGT, and combined IFG&IGT prevalences were 58.0%, 20.3%, and 19.8%, respectively, for Caucasian; 48.1%, 27.7%, and 20.5%, respectively, for Asian. Whilst not statistically different, there may be clinically relevant differences in the two populations, with our observations for both classifications indicating that prevalence of i-IFG is higher in Caucasian cohorts whilst i-IGT and combined IFG&IGT are both higher in Asian cohorts. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gliptin therapy reduces hepatic and myocardial fat in type 2 diabetic patients; Background: Increased hepatic fat and cardiac fat are common in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and are associated with a greater risk of liver fibrosis and cardiovascular (CV) events. Sex-specific differences of dipeptidyl peptidase-four (DPP-4) inhibitor effects on hepatic (HCL) and myocardial fat content (MYCL) have not yet been evaluated. Method: Forty-one T2DM patients (20 male, 21 female) received a gliptin add-on therapy if HbA1c goals were not reached under metformin monotherapy. They underwent cardiac and liver magnetic resonance tomography and spectroscopy before and 6 months after therapy initiation. Plasma samples were analysed for the growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), a novel marker for cardiovascular risk. Results: Thirty-eight patients on gliptin therapy completed the study. We observed a positive correlation between MYCL and HCL before therapy (R = 0·41, P = 0·05). After 6 months of therapy, we noticed a significant weight reduction in women only (P = 0·02) whereas waist circumference decreased similarly in both sexes. HbA1c sunk significantly in both sexes (P = 0·002). HCL decreased significantly (P = 0·0004), with women featuring higher basal HCL (P < 0·05). MYCL decreased in women only (P = 0·01) and GDF-15 comparably in both sexes (P < 0·05). Conclusions: 6 months of DPP-4-therapy led to a significant overall decrease in HCL and body weight such as a reduction of MYCL only in women. This preliminary data set could implicate that gliptin may be a feasible therapy option in fatty liver patients with diabetes potentially including positive effects on cardiovascular function particularly in women. © 2017 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation
Diabetes and Anemia: International Diabetes Federation (IDF) – Southeast Asian Region (SEAR) position statement; Anemia is often associated with diabetes mellitus and is known to intensify the risk of developing diabetes-related microvascular and macrovascular complications. There is paucity in understanding of co-existence of these conditions, especially in Southeast Asian countries. Iron and/or erythropoietin deficiencies are the major causes of anemia in diabetes, and diabetic kidney disease plays a key role. Patients with diabetes need to be screened for anemia along with other risk factors and anemia should be corrected appropriately to improve overall clinical outcomes. This position statement aims to provide a comprehensive overview and an algorithm for appropriate management of anemia in patients with diabetes. © 2017 Diabetes India
Relationship between vitamin D and gestational diabetes in overweight or obese pregnant women may be mediated by adiponectin; Scope: Maternal vitamin D deficiency has been implicated in adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, the association between vitamin D and inflammation, particularly adipokines, remains unexplored in pregnancy. Methods and results: In 102 overweight or obese pregnant women at high-risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we investigated relationships between maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations at 12–15 wk gestation (baseline) and serum lipids, inflammatory markers, novel adipokines (omentin-1, visfatin, high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin), and subsequent pregnancy outcomes (GDM, preeclampsia, preterm birth [PTB]). After adjustment for maternal factors (age, BMI, parity, ethnicity, and smoking status), baseline 25(OH)D concentrations were inversely associated with total cholesterol and triglycerides, and positively associated with HMW-adiponectin. Higher baseline 25(OH)D concentrations were associated with decreased fasting and 1-h post-OGTT glucose and reduced risk of GDM at 26–28 wk, as well as with longer gestation and reduced risk of PTB upon additional adjustment for caesarean section. Adding HMW-adiponectin to the multivariable models attenuated most associations, and HMW-adiponectin was a significant predictor in the models. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that lower maternal 25(OH)D concentrations in overweight/obese pregnant women at high-risk of GDM are associated with increased cardiometabolic risks during pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes, and that these associations may be mediated by HMW-adiponectin. © 2017 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Omentin-A novel adipokine in respiratory diseases; Adipokines, secreted by the adipose tissue, are extensively involved in the regulation and maintenance of various physiological and pathological processes, including insulin sensitivity, energy expenditure, glucose and lipid metabolism, inflammatory activity, neuroendocrine activity, immunity, cancer, homeostasis, angiogenesis, cardiovascular function, breeding and bone metabolism, and all functions of the endocrine-reproductive system axis. Omentin is a recently identified adipokine, which has become a research hotspot due to its pleiotropic effects on various diseases. However, the specific receptor for omentin has not been identified so far. In this study, we report that omentin levels fluctuate in various diseases. In addition, we have focused on the pleiotropic roles of omentin in pulmonary diseases, as it may act as a biomarker for malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) and is related to disease severity. Omentin may play significant roles in other pulmonary diseases, such as asthma, obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS), pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This review summarizes the advances in current knowledge and future trends, which may provide a concise and general view on omentin and its effects on pulmonary biology. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Deletion of hepatic carbohydrate response element binding protein (ChREBP) impairs glucose homeostasis and hepatic insulin sensitivity in mice; Objective Carbohydrate response element binding protein (ChREBP) is a transcription factor that responds to glucose and activates genes involved in the glycolytic and lipogenic pathways. Recent studies have linked adipose ChREBP to insulin sensitivity in mice. However, while ChREBP is most highly expressed in the liver, the effect of hepatic ChREBP on insulin sensitivity remains unknown. To clarify the importance of hepatic ChREBP on glucose homeostasis, we have generated a knockout mouse model that lacks this protein specifically in the liver (Liver-ChREBP KO). Methods Using Liver-ChREBP KO mice, we investigated whether hepatic ChREBP deletion influences insulin sensitivity, glucose homeostasis and the development of hepatic steatosis utilizing various dietary stressors. Furthermore, we determined gene expression changes in response to fasted and fed states in liver, white, and brown adipose tissues. Results Liver-ChREBP KO mice had impaired insulin sensitivity as indicated by reduced glucose infusion to maintain euglycemia during hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps on both chow (25% lower) and high-fat diet (33% lower) (p < 0.05). This corresponded with attenuated suppression of hepatic glucose production. Although Liver-ChREBP KO mice were protected against carbohydrate-induced hepatic steatosis, they displayed worsened glucose tolerance. Liver-ChREBP KO mice did not show the expected gene expression changes in liver in response to fasted and fed states. Interestingly, hepatic ChREBP deletion also resulted in gene expression changes in white and brown adipose tissues, suggesting inter-tissue communication. This included an almost complete abolition of BAT ChREBPβ induction in the fed state (0.15-fold) (p = 0.015) along with reduced lipogenic genes. In contrast, WAT showed inappropriate increases in lipogenic genes in the fasted state along with increased PEPCK1 in both fasted (3.4-fold) and fed (5.1-fold) states (p < 0.0001). Conclusions Overall, hepatic ChREBP is protective in regards to hepatic insulin sensitivity and whole body glucose homeostasis. Hepatic ChREBP action can influence other peripheral tissues and is likely essential in coordinating the body's response to different feeding states. © 2017 The Authors
Role of immune cells in regulating chronic inflammation in adipose tissue; Inflammation is part of the body’s response to invading pathogens and a crucial process in the maintenance of homeostasis. A variety of regulatory mechanisms are involved in inflammation process to limit the damage caused by excessive immune response to the host. Previous studies have shown that insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, liver fibrosis and cardiovascular disease are caused by persistent chronic inflammation in metabolic tissue (brain, fat, liver, pancreas, etc), especially in adipose tissue. However, the underlying mechanisms of these conditions have not been fully understood. The role of innate and adaptive immune cells in these diseases attracts increasing attention. In this review, we will focus on the role of various immune cells in adipose tissue in the initiation and development of inflammation and discuss the efficacy of potential anti-inflammatory therapies based on their mechanisms. Copyright © 2017 by the Chinese Medical Association.
α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist inhibits the damage of rat hippocampal neurons by TLR4/Myd88/NF-κB signaling pathway during cardiopulmonary bypass; He present study aimed to investigate the effect of α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (α7nAChR) agonist on the damage of hippocampal neurons and the expression of toll like receptor 4 (TLR4)/myeloid differentiation primary response 88 (Myd88)/nuclear factor (NF)-κB signal pathway-associated factors in cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). Sprague Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups: Sham operation (Sham); CPB; CPB + α7nAChR agonist PHA568487 (PHA); CPB + α7nAChR inhibitor MLA (MLA); and CPB + PHA568487 + TLR4 antagonist (CPT). Blood and brain tissue samples were harvested at 12 h following the withdrawal of CPB. Levels of serum inflammatory factors [interleukin (IL)-1β, IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α] and brain injury markers [S-100β and neuron-specific enolase (NSE)] were measured using ELISA. In addition, pathological histology and apoptosis changes were observed using hematoxylin and eosin staining, and Tunnel assays. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot assays were used to determine the expression of TLR4, Myd88 and NF-κB mRNA, and protein in the hippocampus. The morphology of hippocampal pyramidal cells in the Sham group was observed to be normal. Pyramidal cells in the CPB, MLA and CPT groups were loosely arranged, and the baselines had disappeared, with clear nucleus pyknosis and neuronal apoptosis. Furthermore, the cells in the PHA group were slightly damaged. IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α, S-100β and NSE expression levels in the CPB, MLA, and CPT groups were significantly higher compared with that in the Sham group (P<0.05). Compared with CPB group, the expression of inflammatory cytokines in the PHA group was significantly lower (P<0.05). The expression of TLR4, Myd88 and NF-κB mRNA, and protein in the hippocampus of CPB, MLA and CPT groups were significantly higher compared with that in the Sham group, and the PHA group expression was significantly lower compared with the CPB group (P<0.05). α7nAChRs agonist can inhibit the apoptosis of rat brain neurons induced by CPB, and may protect against brain injury through the TLR4/Myd88/NF-κB signaling pathway.
Effect of 21-day head down bed rest on urine proteins related to endothelium: Correlations with changes in carbohydrate metabolism; We performed liquid chromatography-mass spectrometric study of the urine proteome in 8 healthy volunteers aged between 20 and 44 y.o. who have completed 21-day head-down bed rest. ANDSystem software which builds associative networks was used to identify the urinary proteins functionally related to the endothelium. We identified 7 endothelium-related biological processes, directly linked to 13 urine proteins. We performed manual annotation of the proteins which were the most important in terms of endothelial functions. Analysis of the correlations with biochemical variables revealed a positive correlation between fasting blood glucose and the following urine proteins: albumin, CD44 antigen, endothelial protein C receptor, mucin-1, osteopontin, receptor tyrosine kinase. As well, we found a positive correlation between HOMA-insulin resistance index and the following urine proteins: endothelial protein C receptor and syndecan-4. These results might suggest the involvement of above-mentioned proteins in glucose metabolism and their participation in the response to changes in blood glucose level. © 2017 IAA
Effects of probiotics supplementation on macrophage migration inhibitory factor and clinical laboratory feature of polycystic ovary syndrome; Background Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a set of reproductive and metabolic symptoms associated with an imbalance of reproductive hormones in women. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is an inflammatory adipocytokine associated with metabolic disorders. Probiotics probably has influence on metabolic and inflammatory conditions. We aimed by this study, for the first time, to evaluate the impact of probiotic supplementation on MIF values, clinical and laboratory feature of PCOS. Furthermore, we aimed to explore the power of MIF for diagnosis PCOS. Methods Sixty women diagnosed with PCOS were selected in this single-blinded clinical trial and 40 healthy control women. Participants received probiotic supplements for 12-week. Clinical and laboratory measures were evaluated at baseline and after 12 weeks of intervention. High sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and MIF levels were assessed using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results Probiotic supplementation improved clinical, hormonal, and inflammatory biomarkers in women with PCOS. Additionally in PCOS group, logistic regression analysis revealed that MIF and HOMA-IR were independent predictors of probiotic response with odds ratios of 1.641 and 0.335, respectively. Regarding inflammatory biomarkers, hs-CRP and MIF, its value increased in PCOS group compared to healthy group. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis revealed that, area under the curve (AUC) for the MIF was 0.981 (95% CI = 0.902–0.898) with sensitivity = 90.2%, specificity = 89.8% and the cutoff values (19.7). Interestingly, the power of MIF was more sensitive and specific than hs-CRP for diagnosis of PCOS. Thus MIF could be a useful diagnostic inflammatory biomarker discriminating PCOS from healthy controls. Moreover in PCOS group stepwise multiple linear regression analysis, detected that HOMA-IR, neutrophil count, hs-CRP and fat mass index (FMI) were main predictors of MIF levels among other clinical and laboratory biomarkers. Conclusion Regarding the effects of probiotic supplementation on inflammatory and metabolic disorders; our novel findings explored a favorable effect of probiotic supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers; clinical, laboratory features of PCOS, and MIF levels. Furthermore, probiotic could be used for treatment of PCOS and its associated morbidity. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal exercise improves glucose tolerance in female offspring; Poor maternal diet can lead to metabolic disease in offspring, whereas maternal exercise may have beneficial effects on offspring health. In this study, we determined ifmaternal exercise could reverse the detrimental effects of maternal high-fat feeding on offspring metabolism of female mice. C57BL/6 female mice were fed a chow (21%) or high-fat (60%) diet and further divided by housing in static cages or cages with running wheels for 2 weeks prior to breeding and throughout gestation. Females were bred with chow-fed sedentary C57BL/6 males. High fat-fed sedentary dams produced female offspring with impaired glucose tolerance compared with offspring of chow-fed dams throughout their first year of life, an effect not present in the offspring from high fat-fed dams that had trained. Offspring from high fat-fed trained dams had normalized glucose tolerance, decreased fasting insulin, and decreased adiposity. Liver metabolic function, measured by hepatic glucose production in isolated hepatocytes, hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps, liver triglyceride content, and liver enzyme expression, was enhanced in offspring from trained dams. In conclusion, maternal exercise negates the detrimental effects of a maternal high-fat diet on glucose tolerance and hepatocyte glucose metabolism in female offspring. The ability of maternal exercise to improve the metabolic health of female offspring is important, as this intervention could combat the transmission of obesity and diabetes to subsequent generations. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: An expanded review; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) encompasses the simple steatosis to more progressive steatosis with associated hepatitis, fibrosis, cirrhosis, and in some cases hepatocellular carcinoma. NAFLD is a growing epidemic, not only in the United States, but worldwide in part due to obesity and insulin resistance leading to liver accumulation of triglycerides and free fatty acids. Numerous risk factors for the development of NAFLD have been espoused with most having some form of metabolic derangement or insulin resistance at the core of its pathophysiology. NAFLD patients are at increased risk of liver-related as well as cardiovascular mortality, and NAFLD is rapidly becoming the leading indication for liver transplantation. Liver biopsy remains the gold standard for definitive diagnosis, but the development of noninvasive advanced imaging, biochemical and genetic tests will no doubt provide future clinicians with a great deal of information and opportunity for enhanced understanding of the pathogenesis and targeted treatment. As it currently stands several medications/ supplements are being used in the treatment of NAFLD; however, none seem to be the "magic bullet" in curtailing this growing problem yet. In this review we summarized the current knowledge of NAFLD epidemiology, risk factors, diagnosis, pathogenesis, pathologic changes, natural history, and treatment in order to aid in further understanding this disease and better managing NAFLD patients.
Nutrition in early life and age-associated diseases; The prevalence of age-associated disease is increasing at a striking rate globally. It is known that a strong association exists between a suboptimal maternal and/or early-life environment and increased propensity of developing age-associated disease, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), type-2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. The dissection of underlying molecular mechanisms to explain this phenomenon, which is known as ‘developmental programming’ is still emerging; however three common mechanisms have emerged in many models of developmental programming. These mechanisms are (a) changes in tissue structure, (b) epigenetic regulation and (c) accelerated cellular ageing. This review will examine the epidemiological evidence and the animal models of suboptimal maternal environments, focusing upon these molecular mechanisms and will discuss the progress being made in the development of safe and effective intervention strategies which ultimately could target those ‘programmed’ individuals who are known to be at-risk of age-associated disease. © 2016
Differential toxicity of arsenic on renal oxidative damage and urinary metabolic profiles in normal and diabetic mice; Diabetes is a common metabolic disease, which might influence susceptibility of the kidney to arsenic toxicity. However, relative report is limited. In this study, we compared the influence of inorganic arsenic (iAs) on renal oxidative damage and urinary metabolic profiles of normal and diabetic mice. Results showed that iAs exposure increased renal lipid peroxidation in diabetic mice and oxidative DNA damage in normal mice, meaning different effects of iAs exposure on normal and diabetic individuals. Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)-based metabolome analyses found that diabetes significantly changed urinary metabolic profiles of mice. Oxidative stress-related metabolites, such as arginine, glutamine, methionine, and β-hydroxybutyrate, were found to be changed in diabetic mice. The iAs exposure altered amino acid metabolism, lipid metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism, and energy metabolism in normal and diabetic mice, but had higher influence on metabolic profiles of diabetic mice than normal mice, especially for oxidative stress-related metabolites and metabolisms. Above results indicate that diabetes increased susceptibility to iAs exposure. This study provides basic information on differential toxicity of iAs on renal toxicity and urinary metabolic profiles in normal and diabetic mice and suggests that diabetic individuals should be considered as susceptible population in toxicity assessment of arsenic. © 2017, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
SPARC paucity alleviates superoxide-mediated oxidative stress, apoptosis, and autophagy in diabetogenic hepatocytes; Secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC) is known to play a previously unappreciated role in diabetes, but its precise mechanism in liver/hepatocyte pathology remains unknown. Inhibition of SPARC is critical in resolving candidate pathogenic events such as production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), which are broadly considered for their roles in diabetes, and is capable of protecting functional hepatocytes. Here, we provide in vitro and in vivo evidence demonstrating pathological correlations between SPARC and streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rat livers as well as cultured hepatocytes induced by diabetogenic stimuli. Under these conditions, transient SPARC silencing was carried out to investigate the role of SPARC in the pathogenesis of pro-diabetic hepatocyte damage and dysfunction. The constitutive expression of SPARC in hepatocytes was up-regulated under a diabetic environment. In addition, Nox4-dependent superoxide generation contributed to increased expression of SPARC, and this was inhibited by tiron and pharmacological or genetic inactivation of Nox4-containing NADPH oxidase. Remarkably, SPARC deficiency inhibited diabetic stimuli-induced elevation of superoxide production and resolved salient features of hepatocyte damage such as impaired cytoprotection, inflammation, apoptosis, and autophagy. At the same time, links between SPARC, integrin-β1, Nox4-derived superoxide, and JNK signaling provide a basis for these phenotypes. Taken together with the observations that SPARC deficiency had protective effects on hepatocytes via a favorable inhibition profile, functional knowledge of SPARC may offer a unique therapeutic approach to preserve hepatocellular fate decisions in diabetes. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Obesity in Adolescents; Rates of obesity among adolescents in the United States have increased at a dramatic rate along with the prevalence of weight-related diseases. Between the 1980s and 2014, the prevalence of obesity among adolescent females in the United States increased from approximately 10% to 21%. Although the steep increase in the prevalence of obesity in children (2-11 years) has slowed, the prevalence of obesity in adolescents (12-19 years) continues to increase. Because the obese female adolescent faces medical, psychologic, and reproductive health challenges, early intervention is imperative in preventing short-term and long-term morbidity. The obstetrician-gynecologist who is knowledgeable about the behavioral and environmental factors that influence obesity may be better able to educate parents, guardians, and adolescents and advocate for programs that increase physical activity and improve nutrition. The obstetrician-gynecologist should be able to identify obese adolescents, particularly those at risk of comorbid conditions. They may have the opportunity to initiate behavioral counseling, participate in multidisciplinary teams that care for overweight and obese adolescents, and advocate for community programs to prevent obesity. Copyright © by The American College of Obstetricians.
Multiple effects of probiotics on different types of diabetes: A systematic review & meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials; Background: A systematic review and meta-analysis was designed to evaluate the effect of probiotics on diabetes and its associated risk factors. Methods: We systematically searched the Cochrane Library, PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science to June 2016. We also hand-searched the citation lists of included studies and previously identified systematic reviews to identify further relevant trials. Our primary outcome variables included glucose, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and insulin. The pooled standardized mean difference was used to compare the effect between the probiotics and controlled groups, and the pooled standardized mean difference effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was estimated using a random-effect model. Heterogeneity was assessed with Cochran's Q and Higgins I2 tests. Two reviewers assessed trial quality and extracted data independently. The analysis and bias for each included study was performed and assessed using Review Manager 5.2. Results: Eighteen randomized, placebo-controlled studies (n =1056 participants, 527 consuming probiotics, 529 not consuming probiotics) were included for analysis. Comparing the probiotics groups with the control groups, there were statistically significant pooled standardized mean differences on the reduction of glucose (-0.61, 95% CI -0.98, -0.24; p =0.001), insulin (-0.49, 95% CI -0.93, -0.04; p =0.03) and HbA1c (-0.39, 95% CI -0.60, -0.19%; p =0.0001). Subgroup analysis also indicated statistical significance on the reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in non-type 2 diabetes (non-T2DM) mellitus patients with diabetes, for the pooled standardized mean difference was -0.29 (95% CI -0.54, -0.04; p =0.02). Conclusions: Probiotics may have beneficial effects on the reduction of glucose, insulin and HbA1c for diabetes, especially for T2DM mellitus patients.
Novel biomarkers for prediabetes, diabetes, and associated complications; The number of individuals with prediabetes is expected to grow substantially and estimated to globally affect 482 million people by 2040. Therefore, effective methods for diagnosing prediabetes will be required to reduce the risk of progressing to diabetes and its complications. The current biomarkers, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fructosamine, and glycated albumin have limitations including moderate sensitivity and specificity and are inaccurate in certain clinical conditions. Therefore, identification of additional biomarkers is being explored recognizing that any single biomarker will also likely have inherent limitations. Therefore, combining several biomarkers may more precisely identify those at high risk for developing prediabetes and subsequent progression to diabetes. This review describes recently identified biomarkers and their potential utility for addressing the burgeoning epidemic of dysglycemic disorders. © 2017 Dorcely et al.
Developmental origins of type 2 diabetes: A perspective from China; There has been a marked increase in the prevalence of diabetes in Asia, including China, over the last few decades. While the increased prevalence of diabetes has often been attributed to the nutritional transition associated with recent economic development, emerging data suggest that early-life exposures also play a major role in shaping developmental trajectories, and contributes to alter an individual's susceptibility to diabetes and other non-communicable diseases (NCDs). Early-life exposures such as in utero exposure to undernutrition has been consistently linked with later risk of diabetes and obesity. Furthermore, in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia, maternal obesity and excess gestational weight gain are all linked with increased childhood obesity and later risk of diabetes. Emerging data have also highlighted the potential link between early-feeding practices, the role of one-carbon metabolism in metabolic programming and endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) with later risk of diabetes. These different developmental exposures may all be highly relevant to the current epidemic of diabetes in China. For example, the prevalence of gestational diabetes has increased markedly over the last two decades, and may contribute to the diabetes epidemic by driving macrosomia, childhood obesity and later risk of diabetes. In order to address the current burden of diabetes, a lifecourse perspective, incorporating multisectoral efforts from public health policy down to the individuals, will be needed. Several major initiatives have been launched in China as part of its national plans for NCD prevention and treatment, and the experience from these efforts would be invaluable. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
The X/A-like cell revisited -spotlight on the peripheral effects of NUCB2/nesfatin-1 and ghrelin; The gastric X/A-like cell was long thought to be restricted to the production of acyl ghrelin. However, the subsequent years witnessed the discovery of other peptide products derived from this cell, namely desacyl ghrelin, obestatin and nesfatin-1. While the role of obestatin remains highly questionable and is very critically discussed in the literature, besides acyl ghrelin also desacyl ghrelin and nesfatin-1 have been implicated in the regulation of food intake. As observed for several other peptide hormones before, ghrelin and nesfatin-1 are not restricted to one function but rather exert pleiotropic actions including effects on gastrointestinal motility, thermogenesis, lipid and glucose homeostasis, stress mediation, cardiovascular as well as reproductive functions. These often counter-regulatory effects of nesfatin-1 and ghrelin will be discussed in the present review. © 2017, Polish Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Exploring the human microbiome from multiple perspectives: Factors altering its composition and function; Our microbiota presents peculiarities and characteristics that may be altered by multiple factors. The degree and consequences of these alterations depend on the nature, strength and duration of the perturbations as well as the structure and stability of each microbiota. The aim of this review is to sketch a very broad picture of the factors commonly influencing different body sites, and which have been associated with alterations in the human microbiota in terms of composition and function. To do so, first, a graphical representation of bacterial, fungal and archaeal genera reveals possible associations among genera affected by different factors. Then, the revision of sequence-based predictions provides associations with functions that become part of the active metabolism. Finally, examination of microbial metabolite contents and fluxes reveals whether metabolic alterations are a reflection of the differences observed at the level of population structure, and in the last step, link microorganisms to functions under perturbations that differ in nature and aetiology. The utilisation of complementary technologies and methods, with a special focus on metabolomics research, is thoroughly discussed to obtain a global picture of microbiota composition and microbiome function and to convey the urgent need for the standardisation of protocols. © FEMS 2017.
Genetic disruption of adenosine kinase in mouse pancreatic β-cellss protects against high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance; Islet β-cellss adapt to insulin resistance through increased insulin secretion and expansion. Type 2 diabetes typically occurs when prolonged insulin resistance exceeds the adaptive capacity of β-cellss. Our prior screening efforts led to the discovery that adenosine kinase (ADK) inhibitors stimulate β-cells replication. Here, we evaluated whether ADK disruption in mouse β-cellss affects β-cells mass and/or protects against high-fat diet (HFD)-induced glucose dysregulation. Mice targeted at the Adk locus were bred to Rip-Cre and Ins1-Cre/ERT1Lphi mice to enable constitutive (bADKO) and conditional (ibADKO) disruption of ADK expression in β-cellss, respectively. Weight gain, glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, and glucosestimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) were longitudinally monitored in normal chow (NC)-fed and HFD-fed mice. In addition, β-cells mass and replication were measured by immunofluorescence-based islet morphometry. NC-fed adult bADKO and ibADKO mice displayed glucose tolerance, insulin tolerance and β-cells mass comparable to control animals. By contrast, HFD-fed bADKO and ibADKO animals had improved glucose tolerance and increased in vivo GSIS. Improved glucose handling was associated with increased β-cells replication and mass. We conclude that ADK expression negatively regulates the adaptive β-cells response to HFD challenge. Therefore, modulation of ADK activity is a potential strategy for enhancing the adaptive β-cells response. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Associations of lifestyle factors (smoking, alcohol consumption, diet and physical activity) with type 2 diabetes among American adults from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005–2014; Background: Over the long term, unhealthy lifestyles can lead to many health problems, especially type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of the present study was to determine associations between lifestyle factors (smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, and diet) and T2D in American adults (aged ≥20 years) in a nationally representative sample. Methods: Data for 12 987 American adults participating in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2005–2014 were evaluated. Weighted multiple logistic regression models were used to examine associations between the four lifestyle factors and T2D after adjusting for demographics and socioeconomic status (SES). Prevalence trends for T2D were examined using Cochran–Armitage tests. Results: There was a significant increasing prevalence trend for T2D among American adults. Smokers and individuals consuming >12 alcoholic drinks in the past year were less likely to report having T2D than non-smokers (odds ratio [OR] 0.41; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.35–0.48) and those consuming <12 alcoholic drinks (OR 0.46; 95% CI 0.39–0.55). Participants with light physical activity have a greater likelihood of having T2D than those engaging in vigorous physical activity (OR 5.72; 95% CI 4.30–7.60). Individuals consuming a poor diet were more likely to report having T2D than those eating an excellent diet (OR 1.18; 95% CI 1.02–1.41). All these relationships remained significant after adjustment for demographics and SES. Conclusion: All four lifestyle factors were significantly associated with T2D among American adults. The findings of the present study provide useful information for healthcare providers that may help them promote specific lifestyle modifications. © 2016 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Advanced glycation end products attenuate the function of tumor necrosis factor-like weak inducer of apoptosis to regulate the inflammatory response; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed from the non-enzymatic glycation reaction of reducing sugars or their metabolites with the free amino groups of several biomolecules and are known to play pathophysiological roles in various inflammatory diseases. In an earlier study, it was suggested that tumor necrosis factor-like weak inducer of apoptosis (TWEAK) has a unique role to regulate the tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα)-induced inflammatory response. In this study, we investigated the effect of the AGEs–TWEAK interaction on proinflammatory signaling responses in endothelial cells and the influence of AGEs on the cellular function of TWEAK in the inflammatory process. The effect of AGEs on the TWEAK/TNFα-induced gene expression of interleukin-8 (IL-8) was determined by real-time RT-PCR in endothelial-like EA.hy.926 cells. The pull-down assay was performed using recombinant His-tagged TWEAK and AGEs. The NF-κB activation was analyzed by Western blotting with canonical and non-canonical pathway-specific antibodies. AGEs dose-dependently inhibited TWEAK-induced IL-8 gene expression, whereas AGEs themselves had almost no effect on IL-8 expression. AGEs were found to bind directly to TWEAK in the pull-down assay. TNFα-induced IL-8 production and canonical NF-κB activation were suppressed by TWEAK pretreatment, whereas TWEAK-induced non-canonical NF-κB activation was enhanced by pretreatment. These effects induced by TWEAK pretreatment were abolished by the co-addition of AGEs. Our findings suggest that AGEs attenuate the function of TWEAK to regulate the TNFα-induced inflammatory responses, which provide important clues for understanding the significance of the AGEs–TWEAK interaction in inflammatory processes. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Sex and gender differences in therapy of type 2 diabetes; Clinical guidelines for the management of type 2 diabetes recommend individual therapy considering age, duration of disease, presence of complication and risk of hypoglycaemia. However, at present, the patient's sex has no impact on clinical decisions. Yet, there is mounting data pointing at biological and psychosocial differences between men and women with great impact on progression of disease and complications. Moreover, choices and preferences of therapeutic strategies as well as adherence to lifestyle and pharmacological interventions differ in both sexes. In addition, drug therapy may have sex-specific side effects. Therefore, there is need of more research on biological differences and of evidence-based individualised targeted sex-sensitive therapeutic concepts. Clinical guidelines must consider relevant sex-differences. Development and implementation of sex-specific programs may help to improve adherence to therapy and to reduce progression of disease and development of complications. A more gender-sensitive clinical approach may improve quality of life and increase health and life expectancy in men and women with type 2 diabetes. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Autophagy and its link to type II diabetes mellitus; Autophagy, a double-edged sword for cell survival, is the research object on 2016 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Autophagy is a molecular mechanism for maintaining cellular physiology and promoting survival. Defects in autophagy lead to the etiology of many diseases, including diabetes mellitus (DM), cancer, neurodegeneration, infection disease and aging. DM is a metabolic and chronic disorder and has a higher prevalence in the world as well as in Taiwan. The character of diabetes mellitus is hyperglycemia resulting from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action, or both. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is characterized by insulin resistance and failure of producing insulin on pancreatic beta cells. In T2DM, autophagy is not only providing nutrients to maintain cellular energy during fasting, but also removes damaged organelles, lipids and miss-folded proteins. In addition, autophagy plays an important role in pancreatic beta cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. In this review, we summarize the roles of autophagy in T2DM. © Author(s) 2017. This article is published with open access by China Medical University.
Increased serum levels of fetuin B in patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Recent evidence indicates a pivotal role for fetuin B, one of the cystatin superfamily of cysteine protease inhibitors, in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases. This study investigated whether serum fetuin B levels are associated with the presence of coronary artery disease. Methods: Serum fetuin B levels were assessed in 87 patients with coronary artery disease (41 with acute coronary syndromes and 46 with stable angina pectoris) and 87 healthy controls using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The association of serum fetuin B levels with cardiac risk factors was analyzed. Results: Serum fetuin B levels were significantly higher in patients with coronary artery disease than those in healthy controls (90.7 ± 32.1 vs. 110.0 ± 32.7 μg/ml, P < 0.001), extremely elevated in group with acute coronary syndromes (115.0 ± 35.2 μg/ml). Pearson correlation analysis showed that serum fetuin B levels were positively associated with the levels of total cholesterol (r = 0.276, P < 0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = 0.363, P < 0.001), and fasting blood glucose (r = 0.159, P < 0.05). In addition, multiple logistic regression analyses revealed that fetuin B was independently associated with the presence of coronary artery disease (OR, 1.019; 95% CI, 1.009 to 1.029; P < 0.001) and acute coronary syndromes (OR, 1.017; 95% CI, 1.006 to 1.028; P < 0.01). Conclusions: Our data revealed that high fetuin B levels are associated with the presence of coronary artery disease and acute coronary syndromes, and that fetuin B may serve as a potential biomarker for coronary artery disease. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Randomized trial comparing the effects of gliclazide, liraglutide, and metformin on diabetes with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: The aim of the present study was to compare the effects of gliclazide, liraglutide, and metformin in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: Eighty-seven subjects were randomized to receive liraglutide, metformin, or gliclazide for 24 weeks. Primary outcomes included HbA1c levels, intrahepatic fat (IHF) content, and liver function. Results: Both HbA1c levels and IHF content were reduced after treatment in all three groups. However, HbA1c levels were lower in the liraglutide- and metformin-treated groups than in the gliclazide-treated group, and reductions in IHF content were greater with liraglutide than with gliclazide. Liraglutide and metformin treatments reduced weight and improved liver function. Changes in IHF content were positively correlated with reductions in serum alanine aminotransferase and triglyceride levels, as well as weight. At 24 weeks, reductions in IHF content were greater in subjects with weight loss ≥5%, changes in waistline ≤0 cm (including decreases in waistline), HbA1c reductions ≥2.5%, and HbA1c levels <6.5%. Conclusions: In T2DM patients with NAFLD, compared with liraglutide and metformin, gliclazide resulted in less improvement in liver function, reductions in IHF content and HbA1c levels, and less weight loss; in addition, slightly better improvements were achieved with liraglutide than with metformin. © 2017 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
STEAP4: Its emerging role in metabolism and homeostasis of cellular iron and copper; Preserving energy homeostasis in the presence of stressors such as proinflammatory cytokines and nutrient overload is crucial to maintaining normal cellular function. Six transmembrane epithelial antigen of the prostate 4 (STEAP4), a metalloreductase involved in iron and copper homeostasis, is thought to play a potentially important role in the cellular response to inflammatory stress. Genome-wide association studies have linked various mutations in STEAP4 with the development of metabolic disorders such as obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. Several studies have shown that expression of Steap4 is modulated by inflammatory cytokines, hormones and other indicators of cellular stress and that STEAP4 may protect cells from damage, helping to maintain normal metabolic function. STEAP4 appears to be particularly relevant in metabolically oriented cells, such as adipocytes, hepatocytes and pancreatic islet cells. These cells struggle to maintain their function in iron or copper overloaded states, presumably due to increased oxidative stress, suggesting STEAP4's role in metal homeostasis is critical to the maintenance of cellular homeostasis in general, and in preventing the onset of metabolic disease. In this review, we explore genetic associations of STEAP4 with metabolic disorders, and we examine STEAP4 tissue expression, subcellular localization, regulation, structure and function as it relates to metabolic diseases. We then examine how STEAP4's role as a regulator of cellular iron and copper may relate to type 2 diabetes. © Society for Endocrinology.
Choline supplementation normalizes fetal adiposity and reduces lipogenic gene expression in a mouse model of maternal obesity; Maternal obesity increases fetal adiposity which may adversely affect metabolic health of the offspring. Choline regulates lipid metabolism and thus may influence adiposity. This study investigates the effect of maternal choline supplementation on fetal adiposity in a mouse model of maternal obesity. C57BL/6J mice were fed either a high-fat (HF) diet or a control (NF) diet and received either 25 mM choline supplemented (CS) or control untreated (CO) drinking water for 6 weeks before timed-mating and throughout gestation. At embryonic day 17.5, HF feeding led to higher (p < 0.05) percent total body fat in fetuses from the HFCO group, while the choline supplemented HFCS group did not show significant difference versus the NFCO group. Similarly, HF feeding led to higher (p < 0.05) hepatic triglyceride accumulation in the HFCO but not the HFCS fetuses. mRNA levels of lipogenic genes such as Acc1, Fads1, and Elovl5, as well as the transcription factor Srebp1c that favors lipogenesis were downregulated (p < 0.05) by maternal choline supplementation in the HFCS group, which may serve as a mechanism to reduce fat accumulation in the fetal liver during maternal HF feeding. In summary, maternal choline supplementation improves indices of fetal adiposity in obese dams at late gestation. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Nutraceuticals; Life without food is not possible as it provides nutrient that nourish our body and keep our system working in good condition. The quality of life mainly depends on what we eat, and hence nutrition and its impact on health are very important. Nutraceuticals are naturally derived bioactive compounds that help in improving health, preventing chronic diseases, delaying the aging process, increasing life expectancy, and supporting the structure or function of the body. Fruits and vegetables comprise major part of nutraceuticals as they contain carbohydrates, dietary fibers, vitamins, and minerals. The development of novel concept of nutraceuticals is considered to play a vital role in disease prevention in addition to being nutrient providers. This article summarizes the most important health benefits of nutraceuticals. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal circulating adipokine profile and insulin resistance in women at high risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Cytokines produced by adipose and placental tissues (adipokines) have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). There is, however, limited research regarding the relationship between advancing pregnancy, maternal adipokine profile, insulin resistance and the development of GDM. Furthermore, no studies have investigated these parameters in women with a history of GDM who are at the highest risk of recurrence. This study examined the circulating concentrations of a number of adipokines associated with insulin resistance at two points in pregnancy, and determined whether they were altered in women who developed GDM. Methods Non-diabetic women with a history of GDM in a previous pregnancy (n = 123) had blood drawn at 14 and 28 weeks of pregnancy for GDM diagnosis, together with assessment of a range of adipokine concentrations by multiplex assay (fatty acid-binding protein 4 [FABP4], leptin, chemerin, adiponectin and resistin). Results With advancing pregnancy, maternal adiponectin concentrations decreased, while leptin and resistin levels increased (p < 0.05). In women who developed GDM at 28 weeks of pregnancy (42%), fasting and postprandial glucose levels were already significantly elevated by 14 weeks (p < 0.05), while adiponectin concentrations were lower (p < 0.05). Adiponectin remained lower at the time of GDM diagnosis (p < 0.05), while the other adipokines were similar between groups at each timepoint. Conclusion Maternal glucose and adipokine profile is altered early in pregnancy in women with a history of GDM who subsequently develop recurrent disease. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Emerging trends in "smart probiotics": Functional consideration for the development of novel health and industrial applications; The link between gut microbiota and human health is well-recognized and described. This ultimate impact on the host has contributed to explain the mutual dependence between humans and their gut bacteria. Gut microbiota can be manipulated through passive or active strategies. The former includes diet, lifestyle, and environment, while the latter comprise antibiotics, pre- and probiotics. Historically, conventional probiotic strategies included a phylogenetically limited diversity of bacteria and some yeast strains. However, biotherapeutic strategies evolved in the last years with the advent of fecal microbiota transplant (FMT), successfully applied for treating CDI, IBD, and other diseases. Despite the positive outcomes, long-term effects resulting from the uncharacterized nature of FMT are not sufficiently studied. Thus, developing strategies to simulate the FMT, using characterized gut colonizers with identified phylogenetic diversity, may be a promising alternative. As the definition of probiotics states that the microorganism should have beneficial effects on the host, several bacterial species with proven efficacy have been considered next generation probiotics. Non-conventional candidate strains include Akkermansia muciniphila, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Bacteroides fragilis, and members of the Clostridia clusters IV, XIVa, and XVIII. However, viable intestinal delivery is one of the current challenges, due to their stringent survival conditions. In this review, we will cover current perspectives on the development and assessment of next generation probiotics and the approaches that industry and stakeholders must consider for a successful outcome. © 2017 El Hage, Hernandez-Sanabria and Van de Wiele.
Maternal protein intake in pregnancy and offspring metabolic health at age 9-16 y: Results from a Danish cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies and controls; Background: Recent years have seen strong tendencies toward high-protein diets. However, the implications of higher protein intake, especially during developmentally sensitive periods, are poorly understood. Conversely, evidence on the long-term developmental consequences of low protein intake in free-living populations remains limited. Objective: We examined the association of protein intake in pregnancy with offspring metabolic health at age 9-16 y in a longitudinal cohort that oversampled pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design: Six hundred eight women with an index pregnancy affected by gestational diabetes mellitus and 626 controls enrolled in the Danish National Birth Cohort were used for the analysis. Protein (total, animal, vegetable) intake was assessed by using a foodfrequency questionnaire in gestational week 25. The offspring underwent a clinical examination including fasting blood samples and a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan (subset of 650) from which metabolic outcomes were derived. Multivariable analyses were conducted applying a 1:1 substitution of carbohydrates for protein. Results: The mean ± SD protein intake in pregnancy was 93 ± 15 g/d (16% ± 3% of energy) in GDM-exposed women and 90 ± 14 g/d (16% ± 2% of energy) in control women. There were overall no associations between maternal protein intake and offspring fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). We found that maternal total protein intake was associated with a tendency for a higher abdominal fat mass percentage (quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: 0.40 SD; 95% CI: -0.03, 0.83 SD; P = 0.07) in GDM-exposed offspring and a tendency for a higher total fat mass percentage among male offspring (quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: 0.33 SD; 95% CI: -0.01, 0.66 SD; P = 0.06), but a small sample size may have compromised the precision of the effect estimates. GDMexposed offspring of mothers with a protein intake in the lowest decile (≤12.5% of energy compared with >12.5% of energy) had lower fasting insulin (ratio of geometric means: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.68, 0.99; P = 0.04) and a tendency toward lower HOMA-IR (ratio of geometric means: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.66, 1.02; P = 0.07), but there was no evidence of associations with body composition. Male offspring seemed to derive a similar benefit from a maternal low protein intake as did GDM-exposed offspring. Conclusions: Overall, our results provide little support for an association of maternal protein intake in pregnancy with measures of offspring metabolic health. Further studies in larger cohorts are needed to determine whether low maternal protein intake in pregnancy may improve glucose homeostasis in GDM-exposed and male offspring. © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Lotus leaf aqueous extract reduces visceral fat mass and ameliorates insulin resistance in HFD-induced obese rats by regulating PPARγ2 expression; Objectives: Lotus leaf is a kind of traditional Chinese medicine. We aimed to explore the effects of lotus leaf aqueous extract (LLAE) on peroxisome proliferative activated receptor γ2 (PPARγ2) expression in preadipocytes and adipocytes and further investigate its effects on high fat diet (HFD)-induced obese rats. Methods: pGL3-Enhancer-PPARγ2 (625 bp)-Luc plasmid, a luciferase reporter gene expression plasmid containing PPARγ2 promoter, was stably transfected into 3T3-L1 preadipocytes. PPARγ2 promoter activities were determined by assaying the luciferase activities. Then PPARγ2 promoter activities in preadipocytes and PPARγ2 mRNA levels in human subcutaneous adipocytes were measured after the administration with LLAE. Additionally, the effects of LLAE on body weight, fat mass, glucose and lipid metabolism and the expression of PPARγ2, insulin receptor substrate 1 and glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were measured in HFD-induced obese rats treated with low or high dose [0.5 or 3.0 g crude drug/(kg.d)] LLAE for 6 weeks. Results: Ten μg/ml LLAE significantly increased the luciferase activities in 3T3-L1 cells and the stimulatory action reached 2.51 folds of controls when LLAE was 1000 μg/ml (P < 0.01). After treating 3T3-L1 cells with 100 μg/ml LLAE, the stimulatory role peaked at 32 h where it was 2.58 folds of controls (P < 0.01). Besides, 100 μg/ml LLAE significantly increased PPARγ2 mRNA levels in human adipocytes to 1.91 folds of controls (P < 0.01). In HFD-induced obese rats, administration with both low and high dose LLAE notably reduced visceral fat mass by 45.5 and 58.4%, respectively, and significantly decreased fasting serum insulin levels (P < 0.05). The high dose LLAE also significantly decreased homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in obese rats (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the mRNA levels of PPARγ2 and GLUT4 in VAT of obese rats were significantly increased when compared with control rats, and were notably suppressed by LLAE intervention for 6 weeks (P < 0.05). Conclusion: LLAE significantly reduces visceral fat mass and ameliorates insulin resistance in HFD-induced obese rats. These beneficial effects of LLAE may associate with its role in stimulating PPARγ2 expression in preadipocytes and subcutaneous adipocytes and suppressing PPARγ2 and GLUT4 expression in VAT. © 2017 Yan, Zhu, Xu, Pan, Li, Wang, Yang, Liu and Gong.
TFOS DEWS II Sex, Gender, and Hormones Report; One of the most compelling features of dry eye disease (DED) is that it occurs more frequently in women than men. In fact, the female sex is a significant risk factor for the development of DED. This sex-related difference in DED prevalence is attributed in large part to the effects of sex steroids (e.g. androgens, estrogens), hypothalamic-pituitary hormones, glucocorticoids, insulin, insulin-like growth factor 1 and thyroid hormones, as well as to the sex chromosome complement, sex-specific autosomal factors and epigenetics (e.g. microRNAs). In addition to sex, gender also appears to be a risk factor for DED. “Gender” and “sex” are words that are often used interchangeably, but they have distinct meanings. “Gender” refers to a person's self-representation as a man or woman, whereas “sex” distinguishes males and females based on their biological characteristics. Both gender and sex affect DED risk, presentation of the disease, immune responses, pain, care-seeking behaviors, service utilization, and myriad other facets of eye health. Overall, sex, gender and hormones play a major role in the regulation of ocular surface and adnexal tissues, and in the difference in DED prevalence between women and men. The purpose of this Subcommittee report is to review and critique the nature of this role, as well as to recommend areas for future research to advance our understanding of the interrelationships between sex, gender, hormones and DED. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
The impact of maternal obesity on inflammatory processes and consequences for later offspring health outcomes; Obesity is a global epidemic, affecting both developed and developing countries. The related metabolic consequences that arise from being overweight or obese are a paramount global health concern, and represent a significant burden on healthcare systems. Furthermore, being overweight or obese during pregnancy increases the risk of offspring developing obesity and other related metabolic complications in later life, which can therefore perpetuate a transgenerational cycle of obesity. Obesity is associated with a chronic state of low-grade metabolic inflammation. However, the role of maternal obesity-mediated alterations in inflammatory processes as a mechanism underpinning developmental programming in offspring is less understood. Further, the use of anti-inflammatory agents as an intervention strategy to ameliorate or reverse the impact of adverse developmental programming in the setting of maternal obesity has not been well studied. This review will discuss the impact of maternal obesity on key inflammatory pathways, impact on pregnancy and offspring outcomes, potential mechanisms and avenues for intervention. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2017.
PPARα Agonist Stimulated Angiogenesis by Improving Endothelial Precursor Cell Function Via a NLRP3 Inflammasome Pathway;                              Background: Impaired wound healing is a common complication of diabetes and is the leading cause of lower extremity amputation. Treatment with fenofibrate, a peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor α (PPARα) agonist, was associated with a lower risk of amputations, particularly minor amputations without known large-vessel diseases, probably through non-lipid mechanisms. The current study aimed to test our hypothesis that fenofibrate stimulates angiogenesis and restores endothelial precursor cell (EPC) function via inhibiting Nod-like receptor protein 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic mice. Methods: Male C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into three groups: control, STZ-induced diabetic mice and fenofibrate treated diabetic group. Wound closure was assessed by wound area and CD31 positive capillaries. Both the migration and tube formation capacities of EPCs were measured. Intracellular nitric oxide (NO) and superoxide (O                             2                             -                             ) levels were determined. Activity of NLRP3 inflammasome in EPCs was assessed by measuring thioredoxin-interacting protein (TXNIP), NLRP3, and caspase-1 expression. Results: Compared with the untreated diabetic mice, wound closure and capillary densities were significantly increased in fenofibrate treated group. Fenofibrate treatment restored EPC function, increased NO production, and decreased O                             2                             -                              level in EPCs of diabetic mice. Furthermore, fenofibrate deregulated the activity of NLRP3 inflammasome by reducing TXNIP, NLRP3 and caspase-1 expression in EPCs of diabetic mice. In vitro, fenofibrate prevented high glucose induced EPC dysfunction, deregulated NLRP3 inflammasome activity. In addition, fenofibrate inhibited IL-1β expression caused by combination use of high glucose and lipopolysaccharide. Conclusion: Fenofibrate can accelerate wound healing in diabetic mice, which at least in part was mediated by improving the impaired EPC function via a NLRP3 inflammasome pathway, suggesting the significance of PPARα agonists in the treatment of diabetes.                          © 2017 Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
In utero vitamin D deficiency predisposes offspring to long-term adverse adipose tissue effects; The fetal period represents an important window of susceptibility for later obesity and metabolic disease. Maternal vitamin D deficiency (VDD) during pregnancy is a global concern that may have long-lasting consequences on offspring metabolic health. We sought to determine whether a VDD in utero environment affects fetal adipose tissue development and offspring metabolic disease predisposition in adulthood. Furthermore, we sought to explore the extent to which the VDD intrauterine environment interacts with genetic background or postnatal environment to influence metabolic health. Eight-week-old P0 female C57BL/6J mice were fed either a VDD diet or sufficient diet (VDS) from four weeks before pregnancy (periconception) then bred to male Avy/a mice. Females were maintained on the diets throughout gestation. At weaning, Avy/a and a/a male F1 offspring were randomized to low-fat (LFD) or high-fat diet (HFD) until 19 weeks of age, at which point serum and adipose tissue were harvested for analyses. Mice born to VDD dams weighed less at weaning than offspring born to VDS dams but experienced rapid weight gain in the four weeks post weaning, and acquired a greater ratio of perigonadal (PGAT) to subcutaneous (SQAT) than control offspring. Additionally, these mice were more susceptible to HFD-induced adipocyte hypertrophy. Offspring of VDD dams also had greater expression of Pparg transcript. These novel findings demonstrate that in utero VDD, an easily correctable but highly prevalent health concern, predisposes offspring to long-term adipose tissue consequences and possible adverse metabolic health complications. © 2017 Society for Endocrinology.
Intensive gestational glycemic management and childhood obesity: A systematic review and meta-analysis; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is associated with increased risk of offspring childhood obesity. Treatment reduces macrosomia; however, it is unclear if this effect translates into a reduced risk of childhood obesity. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of intensive glycemic management in pregnancy in preventing childhood obesity. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL and ClinicalTrials.gov up to February 2016 and conference abstracts from 2010 to 2015. Two reviewers independently identified randomized controlled trials evaluating intensive glycemic management interventions for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and included four of the 383 citations initially identified. Two reviewers independently extracted study data and evaluated internal validity of the studies using the Cochrane Collaboration's Risk of Bias tool. Data were pooled using random-effects models. Statistical heterogeneity was quantified using the I2 test. The primary outcome was age- A nd sex-adjusted childhood obesity. Secondary outcomes included childhood weight and waist circumference and maternal hypoglycemia during the trial (safety outcome). RESULTS: The four eligible trials (n = 767 children) similarly used lifestyle and insulin to manage gestational hyperglycemia, but only two measured offspring obesity and waist circumference and could be pooled for these outcomes. We found no association between intensive gestational glucose management and childhood obesity at 7-10 years of age (relative risk 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.65 to 1.22; two trials; n = 568 children). Waist circumference also did not differ between treatment and control arms (mean difference,-2.68 cm; 95% CI,-8.17 to 2.81 cm; two trials; n = 568 children). CONCLUSIONS: Intensive gestational glycemic management is not associated with reduced childhood obesity in offspring, but randomized data is scarce. Long-term follow-up of trials should be prioritized and comprehensive measures of childhood metabolic risk should be considered as outcomes in future trials. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature.
Maternal intake of fried foods and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose We examined the relationship of maternal periconceptional (i.e., before conception and early pregnancy) intake of fried foods with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Methods In a prospective birth cohort in Seattle and Tacoma, Washington State, USA, we assessed maternal periconceptional fried food intake using a food frequency questionnaire among 3414 participants. We used multivariable generalized linear regression models to derive estimates of relative risks (RRs; and 95% confidence intervals, 95% CIs) of GDM in relation to the intake of different types of fried foods (i.e., fried fish, fried chicken, fried potatoes, chips, and donuts). Results A total of 169 GDM incident cases were identified in this cohort (4.96%). Compared with no fried fish intake, fried fish intake &#x003E;1 servings/month was associated with 68% higher GDM risk (adjusted RR and 95% CI; 1.68 [1.16, 2.45]; Ptrend = .019). After adjusting for confounders, the RRs (95% CI) of GDM relative to fried chicken intake were 1.0, 1.44 (0.98, 2.09), and 1.81 (1.22, 2.70) for none, ≤1 and &#x003E; 1 servings/month intake of fried chicken, respectively (Ptrend = .002). Dietary intake of fried potatoes, snack chips or donuts was not significantly associated with higher GDM risk. Limitations of our study include the lack of information about frying methods and the intake of fried foods at home and away from home. Conclusions Regular intake of fried fish and fried chicken are associated with elevated GDM risk. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
The effects of probiotic supplementation on glycemic control, insulin resistance and inflammatory biomarkers of type 2 diabetic patients; Introduction: Systemic inflammation plays a main role in the incidence of diabetes complications. Probiotics can be used in the treatment of diabetes complications for its anti- inflammatory properties. This study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotic supplement on glycemia, insulin resistance and inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: This randomized double blind clinical trial was carried out on 59 diabetic patients, aged 25-65 years, referred to the Taleghani Hospital in Tehran. They were randomly divided in 2 groups, the probiotic and the placebo. Patients in each group received 2 capsules per day for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after intervention to evaluate glycemic control, insulin resistance and inflammatory biomarkers. Results: Mean fasting blood glucose was significantly decreased by 9% (132.7±34 vs. 146.5±44) in the probiotic group during the intervention (P=0.001). Results of the analysis of covariance showed that there were statistically significant differences between the two groups in fasting blood glucose and insulin resistance, whereas there were none observed in IL-6 and TNF between the two groups after intervention. Conclusions: The results of the present study indicate that probiotic consumption may help in diabetes control through reducing glycemia and insulin resistance. © 2017, Endocrine Research Center. All rights reserved.
Clinical, functional, behavioural and epigenomic biomarkers of obesity; Overweight and obesity are highly prevalent conditions worldwide, linked to an increased risk for death, disability and disease due to metabolic and biochemical abnormalities affecting the biological human system throughout different domains. Biomarkers, defined as indicators of biological processes in health and disease, relevant for body mass excess management have been identified according to different criteria, including anthropometric and molecular indexes, as well as physiological and behavioural aspects. Analysing these different biomarkers, we identified their potential role in diagnosis, prognosis and treatment. Epigenetic biomarkers, cellular mediators of inflammation and factors related to microbiota-host interactions may be considered to have a theranostic value. Though, the molecular processes responsible for the biological phenomenology detected by the other analysed markers, is not clear yet. Nevertheless, these biomarkers possess valuable diagnostic and prognostic power. A new frontier for theranostic biomarkers can be foreseen in the exploitation of parameters defining behaviours and lifestyles linked to the risk of obesity, capable to describe the effects of interventions for obesity prevention and treatment which include also behaviour change strategies.
Novel Insights in the Metabolic Syndrome in Childhood and Adolescence; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is recognized as an escalating major health risk in adults as well as in children and adolescents. Its prevalence ranges from 6 to 39% depending on the applied definition criteria. To date, there is no consensus on a MetS definition for children and adolescents. However, most authors agree on essential components such as glucose intolerance, central obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia; each representing a risk for cardiovascular disease. Recently, associations between MetS and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hyperuricemia, and sleep disturbances have emerged. Biomarkers like adipocytokines are a subject of current research as they are implicated in the pathogenesis of the MetS. Epigenetics and gestational programming, especially the role of microRNA, comprise a novel, rapidly developing and promising research focus on the topic of MetS. MicroRNAs are increasingly valued for potential roles in the diagnosis, stratification, and therapeutics of MetS. Early detection of risk factors, screening for metabolic disturbances, and the identification of new therapies are major aims to reduce morbidity and mortality related to MetS. Dietary modification and physical activity are currently the only adopted treatment approaches. Pharmacological therapies and bariatric surgery are still contradictory and, therefore, are only recommended in selected high-risk cases. © 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Prevention of metabolic diseases: Fruits (including fruit sugars) vs. vegetables; Purpose of review To discuss recent evidence from observational and intervention studies on the relationship between fruit and vegetable (F&V) consumption and metabolic disease. Recent findings Observational studies have consistently demonstrated a modest inverse association between the intake of fruit and leafy green vegetables, but not total vegetables, and biomarkers of metabolic disease as well as incident type 2 diabetes mellitus. This is in contrast to limited evidence from recently published randomized controlled dietary intervention trials, which-in sum-suggests little to no impact of increased F&V consumption on biomarkers of metabolic disease. Summary Evidence from observational studies that fruit and leafy green vegetable intake is associated with lower type 2 diabetes risk and better metabolic health could not be confirmed by dietary intervention trials. It is unclear whether this discrepancy is because of limitations inherent in observational studies (e.g., subjective dietary assessment methods, residual confounding) or due to limitations in the few available intervention studies (e.g., short duration of follow-up, interventions combining whole fruit and fruit juice, or lack of compliance). Future studies that attempt to address these limitations are needed to provide more conclusive insight into the impact of F&V consumption on metabolic health. Copyright © 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of perilipin and insulin receptor substrate-1 genes polymorphism with lipid profiles, central obesity, and type 2 diabetes in a sample of an iranian population; Background: Since insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) is the main substrate of the insulin receptor tyrosine kinase and has been detected to activate phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase and promote GLUT4 translocation, the IRS-1 gene is a possible candidate for development of type2 diabetes, insulin resistance, and obesity. Preilipin (PLIN) coats intracellular lipid droplets and modulates adipocyte lipolysis. Objectives: In this study, we investigated whether insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and Perilipin (PLIN) genes polymorphism were associated with Type 2 diabetes (T2D), obesity, and lipid profiles in a sample of the Iranian population (Southeast of Iran). Methods: In this randomized case-control study (Feb, 2016 to Sep, 2016), we genotyped 200 patients with T2D and the same number (200) of controls by using the combined nested-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) as well as the amplification refractory mutation system (ARMS)-PCR for IRS-1 variant and Tetra-ARMS-PCR for PLIN variant in southeast Iran (Zahedan). Results: The polymorphism of 4578621 in the PLIN gene was associated with T2D. GG genotype and G allele at rs4578621of PLIN gene were significantly higher in patients than in controls (for the G allele: OR = 2.31, 95%CI = 1.55 - 3.46, P < 0.0001; for the GG genotype: OR = OR = 2.67, 95%CI = 1.71-4.19, P<0.0001). Furthermore, women with fast blood glucose (FBG) < 110 mg/dL are in protection of diabetes (P < 0.001, OR = 0.561 (0.430 - 0.733), for women, (P = 0.002, OR = 0.481 95%CI: 0.305 - 0.756), for FBG, (P = 0.002, OR = 0.591, 95%CI = 0.422 - 0.829), for triglyceride (TG) < 130 mg/dL, and (P = 0.001, OR. = 0.563, 95%CI = 0.407 - 0.780) for TG ≥ 130. On the other hand, the polymorphism of 2943641 in IRS-1 gene was not associated with T2D (P = 0.08). However, the frequencies of the risk A allele at rs29436411of IRS-1 was significantly higher in patients than in controls (G allele: OR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.36 - 0.848, P = 0.0086). Also detected, BMI ≥ 25 is a risk factor for diabetes in rs29436411of IRS-1 gene (P = 0.024, OR = 1.604 95%CI = 1.063 - 2.420). Conclusions: The rs2943641 polymorphism of the IRS-1 gene is a major genetic determinant of obesity but not Type 2 diabetes and lipid profiles. The rs4578621 polymorphism of the PLIN gene related with T2D and TG but not obesity. © 2017, Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal.
TXNIP in metabolic regulation: Physiological role and therapeutic outlook; Background & Objective: Thioredoxin-interacting protein (TXNIP) also known as thioredoxin binding protein-2 is a ubiquitously expressed protein that interacts and negatively regulates expression and function of Thioredoxin (TXN). Over the last few years, TXNIP has attracted considerable attention due to its wide-ranging functions impacting several aspects of energy metabolism. TXNIP acts as an important regulator of glucose and lipid metabolism through pleiotropic actions including regulation of β-cell function, hepatic glucose production, peripheral glucose uptake, adipogenesis, and substrate utilization. Overexpression of TXNIP in animal models has been shown to induce apoptosis of pancreatic β-cells, reduce insulin sensitivity in peripheral tissues like skeletal muscle and adipose, and decrease energy expenditure. On the contrary, TXNIP deficient animals are protected from diet induced insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Summary: Consequently, targeting TXNIP is thought to offer novel therapeutic opportunity and TXNIP inhibitors have the potential to become a powerful therapeutic tool for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. Here we summarize the current state of our understanding of TXNIP biology, highlight its role in metabolic regulation and raise critical questions that could help future research to exploit TXNIP as a therapeutic target. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Obstetric outcome of pregnancies complicated with intrahepatic cholestasis; The incidence of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy is estimated to be 0.5% of all deliveries, with great geographic variations. Clinical onset of this condition is represented by intolerable pruritus dominant on the palms and soles of the feet with the emphasizing of symptoms during the night. Regarding the risks for the fetus, the main complications are prematurity, intrauterine demise, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and a greater incidence of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome. Our retrospective study aimed to analyze the incidence of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy for a period of five years in Bucharest Emergency University Hospital, fluctuations of the incidence depending on maternal age and parity, also, related neonatal risks. Secondly, we present a literature review regarding maternal and fetal follow-up and the possibilities for preventing the potential related complications. During the studied period, the incidence of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy was 0.3%. Fetal status at birth was influenced by this condition, being reflected by an Apgar score lower than 8 in 34% of cases. Also, meconium stained fluid was associated in a higher proportion (14%) comparing to uncomplicated pregnancies in which fetal demise was showed not to be a direct consequence of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. The major purpose of management of these pregnancies consists in a rigorous fetal surveillance and early delivery guided by the comparison of the risk of fetal death and potential risks of prematurity. There is no ideal method for fetal surveillance in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy yet. © 2017 Romanian Society of Ultrasonography in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Role of omentin, vaspin, cardiotrophin-1, TWEAK and NOV/CCN3 in obesity and diabetes development; Adipose tissue releases bioactive mediators called adipokines. This review focuses on the effects of omentin, vaspin, cardiotrophin-1, Tumor necrosis factor-like Weak Inducer of Apoptosis (TWEAK) and nephroblastoma overexpressed (NOV/CCN3) on obesity and diabetes. Omentin is produced by the stromal-vascular fraction of visceral adipose tissue. Obesity reduces omentin serum concentrations and adipose tissue secretion in adults and adolescents. This adipokine regulates insulin sensitivity, but its clinical relevance has to be confirmed. Vaspin is produced by visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissues. Vaspin levels are higher in obese subjects, as well as in subjects showing insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes. Cardiotrophin-1 is an adipokine with a similar structure as cytokines from interleukin-6 family. There is some controversy regarding the regulation of cardiotrophin-1 levels in obese -subjects, but gene expression levels of cardiotrophin-1 are down-regulated in white adipose tissue from diet-induced obese mice. It also shows anti-obesity and hypoglycemic properties. TWEAK is a potential regulator of the low-grade chronic inflammation characteristic of obesity. TWEAK levels seem not to be directly related to adiposity, and metabolic factors play a critical role in its regulation. Finally, a strong correlation has been found between plasma NOV/CCN3 concentration and fat mass. This adipokine improves insulin actions. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Exploring inter-organ crosstalk to uncover mechanisms that regulate β-cell function and mass; Impaired β-cell function and insufficient β-cell mass compensation are twin pathogenic features that underlie type 2 diabetes (T2D). Current therapeutic strategies continue to evolve to improve treatment outcomes in different ethnic populations and include approaches to counter insulin resistance and improve β-cell function. Although the effects of insulin secretion on metabolic organs such as liver, skeletal muscle and adipose is directly relevant for improving glucose uptake and reduce hyperglycemia, the ability of pancreatic β-cells to crosstalk with multiple non-metabolic tissues is providing novel insights into potential opportunities for improving β-cell function and/or mass that could have beneficial effects in patients with diabetes. For example, the role of the gastrointestinal system in the regulation of β-cell biology is well recognized and has been exploited clinically to develop incretin-related antidiabetic agents. The microbiome and the immune system are emerging as important players in regulating β-cell function and mass. The rich innervation of islet cells indicates it is a prime organ for regulation by the nervous system. In this review, we discuss the potential implications of signals from these organ systems as well as those from bone, placenta, kidney, thyroid, endothelial cells, reproductive organs and adrenal and pituitary glands that can directly impact β-cell biology. An added layer of complexity is the limited data regarding the relative relevance of one or more of these systems in different ethnic populations. It is evident that better understanding of this paradigm would provide clues to enhance β-cell function and/or mass in vivo in the long-term goal of treating or curing patients with diabetes. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
A Western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice; Key points: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy, although their effects on the metabolism of the mother, in relation to feto-placental glucose utilization and growth, are unknown. In the present study, the consumption of an obesogenic HFHS diet compromised maternal glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy in association with dysregulated lipid and glucose handling by the dam. These maternal metabolic changes induced by HFHS feeding were related to altered feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume obesogenic diets during pregnancy. Abstract: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy. However, the impacts of a HFHS diet during pregnancy on maternal insulin sensitivity and signalling in relation to feto-placental growth and glucose utilization are unknown. The present study examined the effects of a HFHS diet during mouse pregnancy on maternal glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, as well as, on feto-placental glucose metabolism. Female mice were fed a control or HFHS diet from day (D) 1 of pregnancy (term = D20.5). At D16 or D19, dams were assessed for body composition, metabolite and hormone concentrations, tissue abundance of growth and metabolic signalling pathways, glucose tolerance and utilization and insulin sensitivity. HFHS feeding perturbed maternal insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy; hepatic insulin sensitivity was higher, whereas sensitivity of the skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue was lower in HFHS than control dams. These changes were accompanied by increased adiposity and reduced glucose production and glucose tolerance of HFHS dams. The HFHS diet also disturbed the hormone and metabolite milieu and altered expression of growth and metabolic signalling pathways in maternal tissues. Furthermore, HFHS feeding was associated with impaired feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume HFHS diets during pregnancy. © 2017 University of Cambridge. The Journal of Physiology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of The Physiological Society
Cross talk between adipose tissue and placenta in obese and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies via exosomes; Obesity is an important public health issue worldwide, where it is commonly associated with the development of metabolic disorders, especially insulin resistance (IR). Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications, especially gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Metabolism is a vital process for energy production and the maintenance of essential cellular functions. Excess energy storage is predominantly regulated by the adipose tissue. Primarily made up of adipocytes, adipose tissue acts as the body's major energy reservoir. The role of adipose tissue, however, is not restricted to a "bag of fat." The adipose tissue is an endocrine organ, secreting various adipokines, enzymes, growth factors, and hormones that take part in glucose and lipid metabolism. In obesity, the greater portion of the adipose tissue comprises fat, and there is increased pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion, macrophage infiltration, and reduced insulin sensitivity. Obesity contributes to systemic IR and its associated metabolic complications. Similar to adipose tissue, the placenta is also an endocrine organ. During pregnancy, the placenta secretes various molecules to maintain pregnancy physiology. In addition, the placenta plays an important role in metabolism and exchange of nutrients between mother and fetus. Inflammation at the placenta may contribute to the severity of maternal IR and her likelihood of developing GDM and may also mediate the adverse consequences of obesity and GDM on the fetus. Interestingly, studies on maternal insulin sensitivity and secretion of placental hormones have not shown a positive correlation between these phenomena. Recently, a great interest in the field of extracellular vesicles (EVs) has been observed in the literature. EVs are produced by a wide range of cells and are present in all biological fluids. EVs are involved in cell-to-cell communication. Recent evidence points to an association between adipose tissue-derived EVs and metabolic syndrome in obesity. In this review, we will discuss the changes in human placenta and adipose tissue in GDM and obesity and summarize the findings regarding the role of adipose tissue and placenta-derived EVs, with an emphasis on exosomes in obesity, and the contribution of obesity to the development of GDM. © 2017 Jayabalan, Nair, Nuzhat, Rice, Zuñiga, Sobrevia, Leiva, Sanhueza, Gutiérrez, Lappas, Freeman and Salomon.
Pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes affects about 3% of the worldwide population and about 9% of the US population, and its prevalence is accelerating rapidly. Twin studies suggest that genetics account for 60-90% of the susceptibility to type 2 diabetes. Environmental factors, including physical inactivity, obesity, diet, and altered intestinal microbiota, account for the remaining risk. The earliest detectable defect in the development of type 2 diabetes is insulin resistance, which may occur in the muscle, fat, or liver. The primary cause of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes appears to be a post-receptor defect. Because insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes is evident in several different actions of insulin, the primary defect likely involves an early step in the insulin signaling pathway, possibly phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase, the insulin receptor substrates IRS-1 or IRS-2, or the glucose transporter, Glut-4. During the natural course of diabetes, insulin levels rise with the increasing obesity and insulin resistance that precede the onset of diabetes, peak around the time of the onset of diabetes, and fall progressively thereafter. The progressive deterioration in insulin secretion results from β-cell loss and β-cell dysfunction. Possible contributors to β-cell loss or β-cell dysfunction include amyloid deposition in the pancreatic islet, β-cell dedifferentiation, glucotoxicity, and lipotoxicity. Other contributors to hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes include a diminished incretin effect and increased hepatic glucose output. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017. All rights reserved.
Novel therapies in type 2 diabetes: insulin resistance; Insulin resistance plays an important role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Obesity is a major risk factor for the development of insulin resistance. Hence, treating obesity with lifestyle interventions is the cornerstone of managing insulin resistance. However, when lifestyle interventions fail to produce sustainable impact, then pharmacotherapy and/or bariatric surgery can produce significant improvements in weight, insulin resistance and glycaemic measures. Ectopic fat in the liver and muscle is one of the main mechanisms via which obesity impacts on insulin sensitivity. Hence, there are currently multiple therapeutic interventions in development that aim to improve ectopic fat. With better understanding of the insulin signalling pathways, multiple agents are under development targeting different components of this pathway from the level of insulin receptor to the level of protein kinase B activation and the translocation of glucose transporters. The development of these agents has been slow due to the complexity of the insulin signalling pathway, the multiple negative feedback signals and the fact that the molecules involved in insulin signalling are also involved in other pathways such as cell survival and apoptosis. Sleep-related disorders are increasingly recognised as independent risk factors for the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes; targeting sleep-related disorders as a treatment strategy for insulin resistance is under evaluation. In this article, I will briefly review the future treatments of insulin resistance that are in the pipeline, and I will also briefly review the role of bariatric surgery and sleep-related disorders in the treatment of insulin resistance. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on blood pressure of females with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized double blind controlled clinical trial; Background: Despite progress in the control and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant females, these patients remain at risk of disease complications. Objectives: The present study aimed at investigating the effect of probiotic supplements on Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP) and Diastolic Blood Pressure (DBP) in pregnant females diagnosed with GDM. Methods: This randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial randomly assigned 64 pregnant females with GDM, recruited through convenience sampling, to either a group receiving a probiotic capsule (n = 32) or a group receiving a placebo (n = 32) for 8 weeks in Tabriz, Iran, during the spring and summer months of 2014. Their blood pressure was measured at baseline and at 2-week intervals, up to 8 weeks. Results: A total of 56 subjects completed the study. There was no significant difference in SBP in the probiotic group at any time compared with that at onset, yet, SBP increased significantly in the placebo group. The declining trend of DBP was evident in the probiotic group at 2 weeks and continued to the end of the study; however, DBP had increased slightly by week 6 in the placebo group. There were significant differences between the probiotic and placebo groups at 6 and 8 weeks, respectively, for SBP (104.828 (2.051) mmHg vs. 112.963 (2.126) mmHg; P = 0.008) and (106.552 (1.845) mmHg vs. 115.185 (1.912) mmHg; P = 0.002) and for DBP (62.414 (1.353) mmHg vs. 70.741 (1.402) mmHg; P < 0.001) and (60.690 (1.540) mmHg vs. 71.296 (1.596) mmHg; P < 0.0010). Conclusions: The results demonstrated that consumption of probiotic supplements for 8 weeks prevented an increase in SBP and decreased DBP in pregnant females diagnosed with GDM. © 2017, Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal.
Normalizing Ovulation Rate by Preferential Reduction of Hepato-Visceral Fat in Adolescent Girls With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Purpose Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an increasingly prevalent disorder in adolescent girls, commonly presenting with hirsutism/oligomenorrhea, commonly treated with an oral contraceptive (OC), and commonly followed by oligoanovulatory subfertility. We tested whether an intervention targeting the reduction of hepato-visceral adiposity is followed by a higher ovulation rate than OC treatment. Methods This randomized, open-label, single-center, pilot proof-of-concept study (12 months on treatment, then 12 months off) was performed in adolescent girls with hirsutism and oligomenorrhea (PCOS by National Institutes of Health; no sexual activity; N = 36; mean age 16 years, body mass index 23.5 kg/m2; 94% study completion). Compared treatments were OC (ethinylestradiol–levonorgestrel) versus low-dose combination of spironolactone 50 mg/d, pioglitazone 7.5 mg/d, and metformin 850 mg/d (SPIOMET). Primary outcome was post-treatment ovulation rate inferred from menstrual diaries and salivary progesterone (12 + 12 weeks). Secondary outcomes included body composition (dual X-ray absorptiometry), abdominal fat (magnetic resonance imaging), insulinemia (oral glucose tolerance test), and androgenemia (liquid chromatography – tandem mass spectrometry). Results SPIOMET was followed by a 2.5-fold higher ovulation rate than OC (p ≤.001) and by a 6-fold higher normovulatory fraction (71% vs. 12%; p ≤.001); oligoanovulation risk after SPIOMET was 65% lower (95% confidence interval, 40%–89%) than after OC. Higher post-treatment ovulation rates related to more on-treatment loss of hepatic fat (r2 =.27; p <.005). Visceral fat and insulinemia normalized only with SPIOMET; androgenemia normalized faster with OC but rebounded more thereafter. Body weight, lean mass, and abdominal subcutaneous fat mass remained stable in both groups. Conclusions Early SPIOMET treatment for PCOS normalized post-treatment ovulation rates more than OC. Focusing PCOS treatment on early reduction of hepato-visceral fat may prevent part of later oligoanovulatory subfertility. © 2017 Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine
Elevation of PTPN1 promoter methylation is a significant risk factor of type 2 diabetes in the Chinese population; The present study aimed to investigate the contribution of DNA methylation of the protein tyrosine phosphatase, non-receptor type 1 (PTPN1) gene to the susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2D). Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were collected from 97 patients with T2D and 97 age-and gender-matched controls. DNA methylation of the PTPN1 gene promoter was evaluated by bisulfite pyrosequencing. Independent sample t-tests were used to compare the differences in the PTPN1 promoter and other phenotypes between the patients with T2D and the controls. The results indicated a significant correlation between PTPN1 promoter methylation and the risk of T2D. Additionally, a breakdown analysis by gender revealed that PTPN1 methylation was associated with an increased risk of T2D in females. Furthermore, low-density lipoprotein (r=-0.183, P=0.046) and total cholesterol (r=-0.310, P=0.001) were inversely associated with PTPN1 methylation in females. In conclusion, the results indicate that elevated PTPN1 promoter methylation is a risk factor for T2D in the female Chinese population. © 2017, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Metformin, beyond an insulin sensitizer, targeting heart and pancreatic β cells; Metformin, a biguanide derivate, is known as the first-line antidiabetic agent for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) treatment. It reduces insulin resistance and decreases blood glucose concentration by inhibiting gluconeogenesis and suppressing hepatic glucose production with improved peripheral tissue insulin sensitivity. As an insulin sensitizer, metformin takes pleiotropic actions and exerts protective effects on multiple organs mainly in insulin-targeted tissues such as liver, muscle, and adipose tissues. Recent studies discover that metformin also plays essential roles in heart and pancreatic β cells — two important organs in metabolic regulation. Metformin not only protects T2DM patients from cardiovascular diseases and heart failure, but also restores insulin secretion activities and protects pancreatic β cells from lipotoxicity or glucotoxicity. Although accumulated evidence shed light on the metformin action, the precise mechanism of metformin is still under investigation. Further laboratory investigations and clinical trials are needed to pinpoint a map of metformin action. Based on recent findings, this review characterizes the beneficial role of metformin in cardiovascular diseases and pancreatic β cells. © 2016 Elsevier B.V.
Adipose tissue-derived omentin-1 function and regulation; Omentin-1, also known as intelectin-1, is a recently identified novel adipocytokine of 313 amino acids, which is expressed in visceral (omental and epicardial) fat as well as mesothelial cells, vascular cells, airway goblet cells, small intestine, colon, ovary, and plasma. The level of omentin- 1 expression in (pre)adipocytes is decreased by glucose/insulin and stimulated by fibroblast growth factor-21 and dexamethasone. Several lines of experimental evidence have shown that omentin-1 plays crucial roles in the maintenance of body metabolism and insulin sensitivity, and has anti-inflammatory, anti-atherosclerotic, and cardiovascular protective effects via AMPactivated protein kinase/Akt/nuclear factor-κB/mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK, JNK, and p38) signaling. Clinical studies have indicated the usage of circulating omentin-1 as a biomarker of obesity, metabolic disorders including insulin resistance, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases. It is also possible to use circulating omentin-1 as a biomarker of bone metabolism, inflammatory diseases, cancers, sleep apnea syndrome, preeclampsia, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Decreased omentin-1 levels are generally associated with these diseases. However, omentin-1 increases to counteract the acute phase after onset of these diseases. These findings indicate that omentin-1 may be a negative risk factor for these diseases, and also act as an acute-phase reactant by its anti-inflammatory and atheroprotective effects. Therapeutic strategies to restore omentin-1 levels may be valuable for the prevention or treatment of these diseases. Weight loss, olive oil-rich diet, aerobic training, and treatment with atorvastatin and antidiabetic drugs (metformin, pioglitazone, and exenatide) are effective means of increasing circulating omentin-1 levels. This review provides insights into the potential use of omentin-1 as a biomarker and therapeutic target for these diseases © 2017 American Physiological Society.
Modulatory effects of metformin on mutagenicity and epithelial tumor incidence in doxorubicin-treated Drosophila melanogaster; Metformin (MET) is an anti-diabetic drug used to prevent hepatic glucose release and increase tissue insulin sensitivity. Diabetic cancer patients are on additional therapy with anticancer drugs. Doxorubicin (DXR) is a cancer chemotherapeutic agent that interferes with the topoisomerase II enzyme and generates free radicals. MET (2.5, 5, 10, 25 or 50 mM) alone was examined for mutagenicity, recombinogenicity and carcinogenicity, and combined with DXR (0.4 mM) for antimutagenicity, antirecombinogenicity and anticarcinogenicity, using the Somatic Mutation and Recombination Test and the Test for Detecting Epithelial Tumor Clones in Drosophila melanogaster. MET alone did not induce mutation or recombination. Modulating effects of MET on DXR-induced DNA damage were observed at the highest concentrations. In the evaluation of carcinogenesis, MET alone did not induce tumors. When combined with DXR, MET also reduced the DXR-induced tumors at the highest concentrations. Therefore, in the present experimental conditions, MET alone did not present mutagenic/recombinogenic/carcinogenic effects, but it was able to modulate the effect of DXR in the induction of DNA damage and of tumors in D. melanogaster. It is believed that this modulating effect is mainly related to the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and apoptotic effects of this drug, although such effects have not been directly evaluated. © 2017
Purinergic signalling: Therapeutic developments; Purinergic signalling, i.e., the role of nucleotides as extracellular signalling molecules, was proposed in 1972. However, this concept was not well accepted until the early 1990's when receptor subtypes for purines and pyrimidines were cloned and characterised, which includes four subtypes of the P1 (adenosine) receptor, seven subtypes of P2X ion channel receptors and 8 subtypes of the P2Y G protein-coupled receptor. Early studies were largely concerned with the physiology, pharmacology and biochemistry of purinergic signalling. More recently, the focus has been on the pathophysiology and therapeutic potential. There was early recognition of the use of P1 receptor agonists for the treatment of supraventricular tachycardia and A2A receptor antagonists are promising for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. Clopidogrel, a P2Y12 antagonist, is widely used for the treatment of thrombosis and stroke, blocking P2Y12 receptor-mediated platelet aggregation. Diquafosol, a long acting P2Y2 receptor agonist, is being used for the treatment of dry eye. P2X3 receptor antagonists have been developed that are orally bioavailable and stable in vivo and are currently in clinical trials for the treatment of chronic cough, bladder incontinence, visceral pain and hypertension. Antagonists to P2X7 receptors are being investigated for the treatment of inflammatory disorders, including neurodegenerative diseases. Other investigations are in progress for the use of purinergic agents for the treatment of osteoporosis, myocardial infarction, irritable bowel syndrome, epilepsy, atherosclerosis, depression, autism, diabetes, and cancer. © 2017 Burnstock.
The effect of saffron (Crocus sativus L.) hydro-alcoholic extract on liver and renal functions in type 2 diabetic patients: A double-blinded randomized and placebo control trial; Background and aim Uncontrolled diabetes causes liver and renal dysfunctions. Since, saffron may improve diabetes control and indicate renal and liver protection, this study purposed to illustrate for the first time the effects of saffron extract on some liver and renal functional parameters among diabetic patients. Materials and methods In this double-blind clinical trial, 54 type 2 diabetic patients were randomly recruited to consume either 15 mg saffron extract (n = 27) or placebo capsules (n = 27) twice a day for 8 weeks. Alkaline phosphatase, aspartate and alanine amino transferase, uric acid, blood urea nitrogen, and creatinine of the patients as well as their physical activity, dietary intakes, anthropometric measures and blood pressure were measured. Data were analyzed by SPSS.18 software. Results Uric acid and blood urea nitrogen were significantly decreased in the saffron group (P < 0.05), however, there were no significant differences between the two groups at the end of the study (p = 0.29 and 0.14, respectively). Moreover, changes in other profiles, including liver enzymes, were not statistically significant in the two groups. Also, no significant changes in blood pressure, dietary intakes, and physical activity were seen among the two groups. Conclusion Saffron hydro-alcoholic extract did not considerably improve renal and liver functions in T2DM patients in an 8-week randomized clinical trials. The results deserved further investigations with more accurate methods to confirm. © 2017
A scoping review of epidemiologic risk factors for pediatric obesity: Implications for future childhood obesity and dental caries prevention research; Research Questions: What are the non-modifiable (socioeconomic, genetic) and modifiable factors (physical activity, dietary behaviors) related to childhood (under age 12) obesity? How can this knowledge be applied to oral health professionals' efforts to prevent or manage dental caries in children?. Objectives: Studies have identified risk factors for childhood obesity. The purpose of this scoping review was to develop a conceptual model to identify non-modifiable and modifiable risk factors for childhood obesity and to illustrate how these findings are relevant in developing interventions aimed at preventing obesity and dental caries in children. Methods: The authors searched PubMed and Embase and limited the study to English-language publications. A total of 2,572 studies were identified. After de-duplication, 2,479 studies remained and were downloaded into a citation-management tool. Two authors screened the titles and abstracts for relevance. Two hundred and sixty studies remained and were retrieved for a full-text review, and 80 studies were excluded, resulting in 180 studies included in the scoping review. An inductive content analytic methods was used to organize all statistically significant obesity risk factors into seven domains, which were classified as non-modifiable or modifiable; then a conceptual model of common risk factors associated with childhood obesity and dental caries was developed. Results: Non-modifiable obesity risk factors include biological and developmental (e.g., genes, developmental conditions, puberty), sociodemographic and household (e.g., race/ethnicity, socioeconomic status, parent education, unemployment), cultural (e.g., degree of acculturation), and community (e.g., neighborhood composition). Modifiable risk factors included behavioral (e.g., diet, physical activity, weight), psychosocial (e.g., maternal stress, family functioning, parenting practices, child temperament), and medical (e.g., parent smoking, maternal health, child health). Conclusions: Identifying common risk factors has important implications for future oral health research aimed at preventing childhood obesity and dental caries. Epidemiologic knowledge gleaned from the literature can be used to develop rigorous interventions and programs aimed at preventing these highly prevalent diseases and improving health outcomes for children. © 2017 American Association of Public Health Dentistry
The Correlation between Circulating Betatrophin and Insulin Resistance in General Population: A Meta-Analysis; Many inconsistent findings are reported on the correlation between circulating betatrophin and insulin resistance in the different population. The aim of this analysis was to explore the correlation between the level of betatrophin and insulin resistance in the general population. The databases of PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library (inception to October 26, 2016) were searched without language restrictions for publications that reported studies on associations between betatrophin and insulin resistance in adults. Subgroup analyses were performed to investigate potential sources of heterogeneity. The pooled effect size was calculated using a random-effects model. Twenty-five studies were included in this meta-analysis. Meta-analysis showed that betatrophin was positively and significantly correlated with insulin resistance (r=0.16, 95% CI: 0.08-0.25). When all participants were divided into DM, GDM, and Non-DM groups, this association was also significant in T2DM, GDM, and Non-DM participants (T2DM: r=0.09, 95% CI: 0.01-0.17; I 2 =45.1%; GDM: r=0.39, 95% CI: 0.24-0.55; I 2 =0.0%; non-DM: r=0.15, 95% CI: 0.04-0.26; I 2 =89.3%), and it was obvious that heterogeneity existed in Non-DM group (I 2 =89.3%, p<0.001). Subgroup analysis revealed that gender, serum sample and ELISA kits for full-length betatrophin had significant influence on the association between betatrophin and insulin resistance. In conclusion, the level of circulating betatrophin is positively associated with insulin resistance in the general population, especially in T2DM and GDM patients. Gender, serum sample, and ELISA kits for full-length betatrophin may affect this association. More large-scale studies are needed to determine whether improving insulin resistance concomitantly declines betatrophin levels in different diseases. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart, New York.
Hepcidin: Homeostasis and Diseases Related to Iron Metabolism; Iron is an essential metal for cell survival that is regulated by the peptide hormone hepcidin. However, its influence on certain diseases is directly related to iron metabolism or secondary to underlying diseases. Genetic alterations influence the serum hepcidin concentration, which can lead to an iron overload in tissues, as observed in haemochromatosis, in which serum hepcidin or defective hepcidin synthesis is observed. Another genetic imbalance of iron is iron-refractory anaemia, in which serum concentrations of hepcidin are increased, precluding the flow and efflux of extra- and intracellular iron. During the pathogenesis of certain diseases, the resulting oxidative stress, as well as the increase in inflammatory cytokines, influences the transcription of the HAMP gene to generate a secondary anaemia due to the increase in the serum concentration of hepcidin. To date, there is no available drug to inhibit or enhance hepcidin transcription, mostly due to the cytotoxicity described in the in vitro models. The proposed therapeutic targets are still in the early stages of clinical trials. Some candidates are promising, such as heparin derivatives and minihepcidins. This review describes the main pathways of systemic and genetic regulation of hepcidin, as well as its influence on the disorders related to iron metabolism. © 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Obesity; Excessive fat deposition in obesity has a multifactorial aetiology, but is widely considered the result of disequilibrium between energy intake and expenditure. Despite specific public health policies and individual treatment efforts to combat the obesity epidemic, >2 billion people worldwide are overweight or obese. The central nervous system circuitry, fuel turnover and metabolism as well as adipose tissue homeostasis are important to comprehend excessive weight gain and associated comorbidities. Obesity has a profound impact on quality of life, even in seemingly healthy individuals. Diet, physical activity or exercise and lifestyle changes are the cornerstones of obesity treatment, but medical treatment and bariatric surgery are becoming important. Family history, food environment, cultural preferences, adverse reactions to food, perinatal nutrition, previous or current diseases and physical activity patterns are relevant aspects for the health care professional to consider when treating the individual with obesity. Clinicians and other health care professionals are often ill-equipped to address the important environmental and socioeconomic drivers of the current obesity epidemic. Finally, understanding the epigenetic and genetic factors as well as metabolic pathways that take advantage of 'omics' technologies could play a very relevant part in combating obesity within a precision approach. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Impact of vitamin D supplementation on endothelial and inflammatory markers in adults: A systematic review; This systematic review aims to evaluate randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the effect of vitamin D supplementation on endothelial function and inflammation in adults. An electronic search of published randomised controlled trials, using Cochrane, Pubmed and Medline databases was conducted, with the search terms related to vitamin D and endothelial function. Inclusion criteria were RCTs in adult humans with a measure of vitamin D status using serum/plasma 25(OH)D and studies which administered the intervention through the oral route. Among the 1107 studies retrieved, 29 studies met the full inclusion criteria for this systematic review. Overall, 8 studies reported significant improvements in the endothelial/inflammatory biomarkers/parameters measured. However, in 2 out of the 8 studies, improvements were reported at interim time points, but improvements were absent post-intervention. The remaining 21 trial studies did not show significant improvements in the markers of interest measured. Evidence from the studies included in this systematic review did not demonstrate that vitamin D supplementation in adults, results in an improvement in circulating inflammatory and endothelial function biomarkers/parameters. This systematic review does not therefore support the use of vitamin D supplementation as a therapeutic or preventative measure for CVD in this respect. © 2017
Novel association between the nonsynonymous A803G polymorphism of the N-acetyltransferase 2 gene and impaired glucose homeostasis in obese children and adolescents; Background: The N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) A803G polymorphism has been associated with decreased insulin sensitivity in a large adult population with the A allele associated with insulin-resistance-related traits. Objective: Evaluate the association of this polymorphism with anthropometric and metabolic parameters in obese children and adolescents. Subjects: A total of 748 obese children and adolescents were enrolled. Methods: Anthropometric and laboratory data were collected. During oral glucose tolerance test, the presence of a possible exaggerated plasma glucose excursion at 1 h (1HPG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was considered. Homeostasis model assessment, oral disposition index (oDI) and insulinogenic index (IDI) were calculated. Patients were genotyped for the NAT2 A803G polymorphism. Results: The prevalence of both IGT and elevated-1HPG was higher in children carrying the A803 allele (P =.02 and P =.03). Moreover, this allele was associated with both oDI and IGI reduction (P =.01). No differences among the NAT2 A803G genotypes for the other parameters were shown. Children homozygous for the A allele presented an odds ratio (OR), to show IGT of 4.9 (P =.01). Children both homozygous and heterozygous for the A allele had higher risk to show elevated-1HPG (OR of 2.7, P =.005; and OR = 2.3, P =.005) compared with patients homozygous for the NAT2 803G allele. Conclusions: NAT2 A803 allele seems to play a role in worsening the destiny of obese children carrying it, predisposing them to elevated-1HPG and IGT and then to a possible future type 2 diabetes mellitus throughout an impairment of pancreatic β-cellular insulin secretion as suggested by oDI and IGI reduction. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Hepatic lipid accumulation: Cause and consequence of dysregulated glucoregulatory hormones; Fatty liver can be diet, endocrine, drug, virus or genetically induced. Independent of cause, hepatic lipid accumulation promotes systemic metabolic dysfunction. By acting as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) ligands, hepatic non-esterified fatty acids upregulate expression of gluconeogenic, beta-oxidative, lipogenic and ketogenic genes, promoting hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia and ketosis. The typical hormonal environment in fatty liver disease consists of hyperinsulinemia, hyperglucagonemia, hypercortisolemia, growth hormone deficiency and elevated sympathetic tone. These endocrine and metabolic changes further encourage hepatic steatosis by regulating adipose tissue lipolysis, liver lipid uptake, de novo lipogenesis (DNL), beta-oxidation, ketogenesis and lipid export. Hepatic lipid accumulation may be induced by 4 separate mechanisms: (1) increased hepatic uptake of circulating fatty acids, (2) increased hepatic de novo fatty acid synthesis, (3) decreased hepatic beta-oxidation and (4) decreased hepatic lipid export. This review will discuss the hormonal regulation of each mechanism comparing multiple physiological models of hepatic lipid accumulation. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is typified by increased hepatic lipid uptake, synthesis, oxidation and export. Chronic hepatic lipid signaling through PPARgamma results in gene expression changes that allow concurrent activity of DNL and beta-oxidation. The importance of hepatic steatosis in driving systemic metabolic dysfunction is highlighted by the common endocrine and metabolic disturbances across many conditions that result in fatty liver. Understanding the mechanisms underlying the metabolic dysfunction that develops as a consequence of hepatic lipid accumulation is critical to identifying points of intervention in this increasingly prevalent disease state. © 2017 Society for Endocrinology.
Polluted Pathways: Mechanisms of Metabolic Disruption by Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals; Purpose of Review: Environmental toxicants are increasingly implicated in the global decline in metabolic health. Focusing on diabetes, herein, the molecular and cellular mechanisms by which metabolism disrupting chemicals (MDCs) impair energy homeostasis are discussed. Recent Findings: Emerging data implicate MDC perturbations in a variety of pathways as contributors to metabolic disease pathogenesis, with effects in diverse tissues regulating fuel utilization. Potentiation of traditional metabolic risk factors, such as caloric excess, and emerging threats to metabolism, such as disruptions in circadian rhythms, are important areas of current and future MDC research. Increasing evidence also implicates deleterious effects of MDCs on metabolic programming that occur during vulnerable developmental windows, such as in utero and early post-natal life as well as pregnancy. Summary: Recent insights into the mechanisms by which MDCs alter energy homeostasis will advance the field’s ability to predict interactions with classical metabolic disease risk factors and empower studies utilizing targeted therapeutics to treat MDC-mediated diabetes. © 2017, Springer International Publishing AG.
GCK, GCKR, FADS1, DGKB/TMEM195 and CDKAL1 Gene Polymorphisms in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Objectives Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the carbohydrate intolerance that can occur in pregnancy. Genetic polymorphisms associated with type 2 diabetes could be considered as genetic determinants of GDM. The aim of this study was to examine the association between GCK, GCKR, FADS1, DGKB/TMEM195 and CDKAL1 gene polymorphisms and the development of gestational diabetes. These genetic polymorphisms are involved in glucose and lipid metabolism and are associated with increased risk for diabetes type 2. Methods This case-control study included 204 pregnant women with GDM and 207 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance. The diagnosis of GDM was based on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation. Results There was a statistically significant association between FADS1 rs174550 gene polymorphism and GDM. Among women with GDM, a predominance of C-allele carriers (CC and TC genotypes) was observed (CC+TC vs. TT; p=0.00065; OR=1.97, 95% CI, 1.33 to 2.92), and this association remained significant after correction for multiple testing. In the case of the GCK rs1799884 polymorphism, there was a predominance of the T allele in women with GDM; however, this association reached only borderline statistical significance (p=0.08). Women with higher numbers of GCK rs1799884 T alleles more commonly required insulin treatment; likewise, the CDKAL1 rs10946398 CC genotype was associated with the need for insulin therapy. However, these associations do not pass the statistical significance threshold after correction for multiple testing. Conclusions The results of our study suggest an association between the rs174550 FADS1 polymorphism and GDM risk. © 2017 Diabetes Canada
The adaptor protein alpha-syntrophin is reduced in human non-alcoholic steatohepatitis but is unchanged in hepatocellular carcinoma; The adaptor protein alpha-syntrophin (SNTA) is differentially expressed in varying types of cancer and affects triglyceride levels, inflammatory response and cell proliferation. However, little is known about the expression of SNTA in liver diseases. Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is characterized by hepatic steatosis, inflammation and eventually fibrosis, and may progress to hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Here, SNTA mRNA was analyzed in liver tissues from 71 non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients and 32 controls to assess associations with disease characteristics. SNTA mRNA expression was reduced in NASH liver and negatively correlated with steatosis, inflammation, fibrosis and NASH scores. In the NASH patients, those with type 2 diabetes had a higher fibrosis score, reduced inflammation and increased hepatic SNTA mRNA levels demonstrating a strong association of SNTA mRNA levels with inflammation. Recently, we have shown diminished expression of the high-density lipoprotein scavenger receptor BI (SR-BI) in the liver of syntrophin-deficient mice. Indeed, hepatic SNTA and SR-BI mRNA were positively correlated. SNTA protein was further determined in tumor and non-tumorous tissues of 21 HCC patients. Protein expression was unchanged in the tumor and not related to staging and grading. Present study identified associations of hepatic SNTA mRNA levels with SR-BI and features of NASH assuming a function of this protein in chronic liver disease and cholesterol metabolism. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Redox properties of tryptophan metabolism and the concept of tryptophan use in pregnancy; During pregnancy, tryptophan (Trp) is required for several purposes, and Trp metabolism varies over time in the mother and fetus. Increased oxidative stress (OS) with high metabolic, energy and oxygen demands during normal pregnancy or in pregnancy-associated disorders has been reported. Taking the antioxidant properties of Trp and its metabolites into consideration, we made four hypotheses. First, the use of Trp and its metabolites is optional based on their antioxidant properties during pregnancy. Second, dynamic Trp metabolism is an accommodation mechanism in response to OS. Third, regulation of Trp metabolism could be used to control/attenuate OS according to variations in Trp metabolism during pregnancy. Fourth, OS-mediated injury could be alleviated by regulation of Trp metabolism in pregnancy-associated disorders. Future studies in normal/abnormal pregnancies and in associated disorders should include measurements of free Trp, total Trp, Trp metabolites, and activities of Trp-degrading enzymes in plasma. Abnormal pregnancies and some associated disorders may be associated with disordered Trp metabolism related to OS. Mounting evidence suggests that the investigation of the use of Trp and its metabolites in pregnancy will be meanful. © 2017 by the authors.
Metformin use in pregnancy: promises and uncertainties; Metformin has been prescribed in pregnancy for over 40 years; for much of this time, use has been limited both in numbers and geographically, and the evidence base has been confined to observational studies. In early years, perceived safety concerns and lack of availability of the drug in many countries acted as a barrier to use. More recently, RCTs have begun to examine the role of metformin in pregnancy in much-needed detail. However, this evidence base has been interpreted differently in different countries, leading to very wide variation in its current application in pregnancy. In this short review, we will discuss the history of metformin in pregnancy and highlight some of the key clinical trials. We will then consider some of the remaining controversies associated with metformin use in pregnancy, most important of these being the potential for long-term ‘programming’ effects on the fetus as a result of metformin being able to cross the placenta. We will also consider clinical situations where metformin might be avoided. Finally, we will discuss some future directions for this drug as it reaches its sixtieth anniversary. © 2017, The Author(s).
Infant Adiposity is Independently Associated with a Maternal High Fat Diet but not Related to Niacin Intake: The Healthy Start Study; Objectives Over-nutrition during pregnancy resulting from maternal obesity or an unhealthy diet can lead to excess infant adiposity at birth. Specific dietary macro- and micronutrients have been shown to increase fat cell development in both in-vitro and in-vivo models and may therefore link maternal diet to increased infant adiposity. We hypothesized that high maternal dietary niacin intake during pregnancy, especially in combination with a high-fat diet (HFD) would increase infant adiposity. Methods We included 1040 participants from a pre-birth cohort of mother-infant pairs. Maternal diet was assessed using multiple 24-hour dietary recalls. HFD was defined as ≥30% of calories from fat and ≥12% of fat calories from saturated fat. Neonatal body composition (% fat mass [%FM], fat mass [FM], fat-free mass [FFM]) was measured by PEAPOD. We used multivariate regression to assess the joint effect of maternal dietary niacin and maternal HFD on neonatal body composition. Results Dietary niacin was not associated with neonatal body composition, and maternal HFD did not modify this finding. However, maternal HFD was independently associated with %FM (β = 0.8 [0.1, 1.4]%, p < 0.01] and FM (β = 32.4 [6.7, 58.0] g, p < 0.01). Conclusions for Practice Our results suggest that a HFD during pregnancy may increase infant adiposity, therefore supporting the need for improved diet counseling of pregnant women at both the clinical and community levels. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Pediatric non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; With the increase in the prevalence of obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become among the leading causes of chronic liver disease in the pediatric age group. Once believed to be a “two-hit process”, it is now clear that the actual pathophysiology of NAFLD is complex and involves multiple pathways. Moreover, NAFLD is not always benign, and patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) are at increased risk of developing advanced stages of liver disease. It has also been shown that NAFLD is not only a liver disease, but is also associated with multiple extrahepatic manifestations, including cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, and low bone mineral density. Although the data is scarce in the pediatric population, some studies have suggested that long-term mortality and the requirement of liver transplantation will continue to increase in patients with NAFLD. More studies are needed to better understand the natural history of NAFLD, especially in the pediatric age group. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Müllerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: This study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Design, Patients and Measurements:: A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 overweight or obese patients with PCOS. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either low-calorie DASH (N=30) or control diet (N=30) for 12 weeks. The DASH and control diets were consisted of 52%-55% carbohydrates, 16%-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, cholesterol and refined grains. Both diets were equicaloric. Results: Adherence to the DASH diet, compared to the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in BMI (−1.6±0.5 vs −1.2±0.7 kg/m2, P=.02). Significant decreases in AMH (−1.1±3.1 vs +0.3±0.7 ng/mL, P=.01), insulin (−25.2±51.0 vs −1.2±28.8 pmol/L, P=.02), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (−0.9±2.0 vs −0.1±1.0, P=.02), free androgen index (FAI; −0.03±0.09 vs +0.06±0.21, P=.02) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (−0.5±0.4 vs +0.2±0.3 μmol/L, P<.001), and significant increases in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01±0.03 vs −0.004±0.01, P=.02), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG; +3.7±8.5 vs −1.5±7.2 nmol/L, P=.01) and nitric oxide (NO; +9.0±4.9 vs +0.6±2.3 μmol/L, P<.001) were also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Adherence to the DASH diet for 12 weeks among PCOS women had beneficial effects on BMI, AMH, insulin metabolism, SHBG, FAI, NO and MDA levels. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Selected oxidative stress biomarkers in antenatal diagnosis as 11–14 gestational weeks; The primary objective in modern obstetrics and prenatal diagnosis is to predict risks of congenital abnormalities. The aim of the research was to assess the correlation between selected oxidative stress biomarkers with the risk of foetal chromosomal aberration evaluated at the first trimester screening. A series of studies show that balanced free radical activity and oxidative homeostasis are essential for proper bodily growth and function. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) may be one of the factors associated with disruption of cell cycle and tissue development, thus leading to developmental abnormalities. That's why it's so important to examine connection between level of oxidative stress and congenital abnormalities. Using ultrasonography examinations between 11–13+6d gestational weeks combined with serum levels of pregnancy associated plasma protein A and human chorionic gonadotropin and spectrophotometric analysis of oxidative stress markers such as glutathione (GSH), S-transferase, S-nitrosothiols (RSNO), trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), protein and nitrites we tried to find correlation between birth defects and oxidative stress status. In conclusion, our analysis suggests that elevated maternal serum levels of protein, S-transferase and TEAC as well as decreased maternal serum levels of GSH and protein correlated with the risk of chromosomal aberrations and congenital developmental defects in a foetus. © 2017
Maturity-onset diabetes of the young: An overview with focus on the middle east; Today, there are more than 32 million patients with diabetes in the Middle East (ME), the number is expected to double by 2040. In contrast to Europe and North America and despite the high prevalence of diabetes in ME, epidemiological data about incident and types of diabetes in the region is very limited. Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a subtype of monogenic diabetes representing 2-5% of all diabetes patients. The disease is autosomal dominant mode of inheritance characterized by β-cell malfunction below the age of 35 years. To date, there are 15 different MODY forms that have been identified; each has a distinct genetic etiology. It is very common that MODY is misdiagnosed between with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Hence, accurate genetic diagnosis is crucial to individualize the treatment and to improve glycaemia control. New technologies such as next-generation sequencing (NGS) offer an excellent alternative to screen and identify causative MODY mutations. In this review, we summarize the main clinical and genetic characteristics for each MODY form. In addition, we shed light on MODY studies that have been executed in the ME region. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Paternal hyperglycemia in rats exacerbates the development of obesity in offspring; Parental history with obesity or diabetes will increase the risk for developing metabolic diseases in offspring. However, literatures as to transgenerational inheritance of metabolic dysfunctions through male lineage are relatively scarce. In the current study, we aimed to evaluate influences of paternal hyperglycemia on metabolic phenotypes in offspring. Male SD rats were i.p. injected with streptozotocin (STZ) or citrate buffer (CB, as control). STZ-injected rats with glucose levels higher than 16.7 mM were selected to breed with normal female rats. Offspring from STZ or CB treated fathers (STZ-O and CB-O) were maintained in the identical condition. We monitored body weight and food intake, and tests of glucose and insulin tolerance (GTTs and ITTs), fasting-refeeding and cold exposure were performed. Expression of factors involved in hypothalamic feeding and brown adipose tissue (BAT) thermogenic activity was performed by real-time PCR and Western blot. Adult STZ-O were heavier than CB-O. Impairment of GTTs was observed in STZ-O compared with CB-O at 22 and 32 weeks of age; ITTs results showed decreased insulin sensitivity in STZ-O. Daily food intake and accumulated food intake during 12-h refeeding after fasting were significantly higher in STZ-O. UCP1 levels were downregulated in BAT from STZ-O at room temperature and cold exposure. Finally, STZ-O rats showed suppressed leptin signaling in the hypothalamus as evidenced by upregulated SOCS3, reduced phosphorylation of STAT3, impaired processing POMC and decreased α-MSH production. Our study revealed that paternal hyperglycemia predisposes offspring to developing obesity, which is possibly associated with impaired hypothalamic leptin signaling. © 2017 Society for Endocrinology.
Low and High Birth Weights Are Risk Factors for Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children; Objectives To examine the distribution of birth weight in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) compared with the general US population, and to investigate the relationship between birth weight and severity of NAFLD. Study design A multicenter, cross-sectional study of children with biopsy-proven NAFLD enrolled in the Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Clinical Research Network Database. Birth weight was categorized as low birth weight (LBW), normal birth weight (NBW), or high birth weight (HBW) and compared with the birth weight distribution in the general US population. The severity of liver histology was assessed by birth weight category. Results Children with NAFLD (n = 538) had overrepresentation of both LBW and HBW compared with the general US population (LBW, 9.3%; NBW, 75.8%; HBW, 14.9% vs LBW, 6.1%; NBW, 83.5%; HBW 10.5%; P <.0001). Children with HBW had significantly greater odds of having more severe steatosis (OR, 1.82, 95% CI. 1.15-2.88) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (OR, 2.03; 95% CI, 1.21-3.40) compared with children with NBW. In addition, children with NAFLD and LBW had significantly greater odds of having advanced fibrosis (OR, 2.23; 95% CI, 1.08-4.62). Conclusion Birth weight involves maternal and in utero factors that may have long-lasting consequences. Children with both LBW and HBW may be at increased risk for developing NAFLD. Among children with NAFLD, those with LBW or HBW appear to be at increased risk for more severe disease. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Functional Foods in fad diets: A review; Fad diets can be defined as any diet making claims that are unrealistic and not supported by evidence-based data. Having been developed since the early 19th century, fad diets promise drastic weight loss and/or other unsubstantiated health claims while often omitting entire food groups. Their popularity with the public makes them an important topic for nutritionists and clinicians, especially in the framework of the obesity epidemic. Additionally, it is conceivable that components of fad diets can indeed facilitate weight loss, even if the diet overall is without merit. The grapefruit diet, the cabbage soup diet, and the human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) diet are among the most popular fad diets and are reviewed within this study not only in terms of the diet plan itself, but also in terms of possible and known weight loss and health benefits provided by the foods on which the diets are based. Bioflavonoids in grapefruit, including naringin, hesperidin, and bergamottin, may benefit glucose homeostasis. Cabbage contains lutein, zeaxanthin, kaempferol, quercetin, and apigenin, which have anti-inflammatory properties and improve both glucose homeostasis and fat metabolism. The hCG diet is frequently supplemented with non-hCG preparations often containing African mangoes, which has been shown to enhance weight loss by an unspecified mechanism; astragalus root, which has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma receptor agonistic properties; arginine, which stimulates lipolysis; glutamine, which has been shown to enhance weight loss, perhaps by altering the gut microbiome; carnitine, which appears to facilitate weight loss; B12, which improves insulin resistance; and niacin, which improves the dyslipidemia associated with being overweight/obese. Presently, high-quality clinical trials suggest that fad diets reduce weight in the short term due to drastic caloric restriction rather than functional food properties. However, the proof of principle has been demonstrated, and clinical trials of the functional foods utilized in fad diets are much needed. © 2017 Functional Food Institute. All rights reserved.
Metabolic response to omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin e co-supplementation in patients with fibrocystic breast disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: There is scarce data on the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation on metabolic status in patients with fibrocystic breast disease (FBD). The current study was carried out to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co­supplementation on metabolic status in patients with FBD. Methods: A randomized clinical trial was conducted on 56 patients with FBD. Participants were randomly divided into two groups to receive either 1000 mg omega-3 fatty acids plus 400 mg vitamin E (n=8) or placebo (n=28) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning of the study and after 12 weeks of intervention to determine inflammatory factors, biomarkers of oxidative stress, and metabolic profiles. Results: After 12 weeks of intervention, changes in serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-2171.4 ± 3189.1 vs. +696.9 ± 2774.8 ng/mL, P = 0.001) and plasma nitric oxide (+1.8 ± 4.0 vs. -0.1 ± 2.4 (μmol/L, P = 0.04) in supplemented women were significantly different from those in the placebo group. In addition, compared to the placebo group, subjects who consumed omega-3 fatty acids plus vitamin E supplements had significantly decreased serum insulin concentrations (-3.2 ± 6.5 vs. -0.2 ± 1.7 |μlU/mL, P = 0.01), the homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (-0.8 ± 1.7 vs. -0.02 ± 0.4, P = 0.03), serum triglycerides levels (-11.5 ± 47.3 vs. +10.6 ± 24.3 mg/dL, P = 0.03) and VLDL-cholesterol (-2.3 ± 9.5 vs. +2.1 ± 4.9 mg/dL, P = 0.03), as well as increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01 ± 0.01 vs. +0.001 ± 0.007, P = 0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (+3.4 ± 6.0 vs. -1.3 ± 4.3 mg/dL, P = 0.001). Conclusion: Overall, omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation for 12 weeks had beneficial effects on inflammatory markers and metabolic profiles in patients with FBD. © 2017, Academy of Medical Sciences of I.R. Iran. All rights reserved.
Small, dense LDL: An update; Purpose of review In this review, we summarize the latest findings on small, dense LDL (sdLDL) atherogenic particles, including their associations with other biomarkers. Recent findings Increased sdLDL levels have been reported not only in different metabolic disorders such as diabetes, obesity and metabolic syndrome, but also in patients with rheumatoid and psoriatic arthritis as well as hypothyroidism. A wide range of lipid-lowering, as well as other drug classes, including novel antidiabetic agents and nutraceuticals, exert favourable effects on these atherogenic particles. The 'gold standard' methodology for the assessment of sdLDL has not been established yet. However, the association between sdLDL and several biomarkers could facilitate their assessment. Summary Estimation of sdLDL in daily clinical practice may help with the identification of patients at high cardiovascular risk and further contribute in directing specific interventions to prevent and/or decrease such risk. © 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Betatrophin: no relation to glucose metabolism or weight status in obese children before and after lifestyle intervention; Objective: The influences of obesity, glucose metabolism, gender, and puberty on betatrophin levels and the longitudinal relationships between weight loss, metabolic changes and betatrophin have not yet been studied in childhood. Methods: Cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of weight status (standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI)), homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), gender, and pubertal stage were evaluated in 69 obese children (51% female, age 11.9 ± 2.0 years) participating in lifestyle intervention over a 1-year period. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 53 of the 69 children. Twenty normal weight children (50% female, age 12.3 ± 3.0 years) served as controls. Results: Circulating betatrophin did not differ significantly between obese and lean children (1.99 ± 0.90 vs 2.35 ± 0.28, mean ± SD, P =.155). At baseline, betatrophin did not differ in obese patients with vs without glucose intolerance (1.89 ± 0.96 vs 2.031 ± 0.91 ng/mL; P =.591) and obese with (delta SDS-BMI >0.4) vs without successful obesity intervention (1.89 ± 0.94 vs. 2.07 ± 0.87 ng/mL; P = 0.396). In multiple linear regression analyses, pubertal stage was associated with betatrophin (b: 0.48, P =.027), while gender, age, BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol were not related to betatrophin at baseline. At the end of the 1-year intervention, changes of betatrophin were not significantly associated with any parameter after controlling for multiple covariates including age and changes of pubertal stages. Conclusions: Our data do not support a relationship between betatrophin and weight status or glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, and lipid metabolism in children. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Research Progress of Gamma-glutamyl Transpeptidase and Metabolic Syndrome; Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) is widely found in organisms. On the one hand, it is an important enzyme for extracellular glutathione(an important antioxidant) metabolism, and plays an important role in maintaining the level of intracellular glutathione. On the other hand, it can participate in the oxidative stress reaction and increase the production of oxygen-free radicals, and it is closely related with the occurrence and development of the important components of metabolic syndrome, such as obesity, diabetes and prediabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and hyperuricemia. The paper summarizes the research progress of GGT and metabolic syndrome, and provides references for the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome and its components. Copyright © 2017 by the Chinese General Practice.
Roles of Diacylglycerols and Ceramides in Hepatic Insulin Resistance; Although ample evidence links hepatic lipid accumulation with hepatic insulin resistance, the mechanistic basis of this association is incompletely understood and controversial. Diacylglycerols (DAGs) and ceramides have emerged as the two best-studied putative mediators of lipid-induced hepatic insulin resistance. Both lipids were first associated with insulin resistance in skeletal muscle and were subsequently hypothesized to mediate insulin resistance in the liver. However, the putative roles for DAGs and ceramides in hepatic insulin resistance have proved more complex than originally imagined, with various genetic and pharmacologic manipulations yielding a vast and occasionally contradictory trove of data to sort. In this review we examine the state of this field, turning a critical eye toward both DAGs and ceramides as putative mediators of lipid-induced hepatic insulin resistance. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Treatment Strategy for Type 2 Diabetes with Obesity: Focus on Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists; Purpose The progressive nature of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) calls for step-wise intensification of therapy for maintaining normal glycemic levels and lowering cardiovascular (CV) risk. Because obesity is a prominent risk factor and comorbidity of T2DM, it further elevates the CV risk in T2DM. Therefore, it is vital to manage weight, obesity, and glycemic parameters for effective T2DM management. Few oral antidiabetic drugs (sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones) and insulin are not suitable for obese patients with T2DM because these drugs cause weight gain. The present review discusses the place of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) in the treatment of obese patients with T2DM and the significance of these drugs in the prevention of future CV risk in patients with T2DM. Methods A literature search of PubMed and EMBASE was conducted by using the search terms T2DM, GLP-1RAs, obesity, and cardiovascular complication. Randomized controlled trials measuring the effect of GLP-1RAs versus that of placebo on CV outcomes were included in the review. Findings GLP-1RAs have emerged as a therapeutic alternative; these drugs exert their actions by providing glycemic control, improving insulin resistance and ö̇-cell function, and reducing weight. The risk of hypoglycemia with GLP-1RAs is minimal; however, GLP-1RAs are associated with gastrointestinal adverse events and raise concerns regarding pancreatitis. Combining GLP-1RAs with insulin analogues results in higher efficacy, a lowered insulin dose, and reduced insulin-related hypoglycemia and weight gain. Longer acting GLP-1RAs are also associated with improvement in medication adherence. Improvement in CV risk factors such as blood pressure and lipid profile further increases their usability for improving CV outcomes. Implications Overall, the properties of GLP-1RAs make them suitable for combination with oral antidiabetic drugs in the early stages of T2DM and with insulins in the later stages for optimizing comprehensive management of the disease. © 2017 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc.
Effect of orlistat on plasma lipids and body weight: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 33 randomized controlled trials; Orlistat, an inhibitor of intestinal lipase, promotes body weight reduction. The lipid-lowering efficacy of orlistat is controversial and the effect of orlistat-induced body weight reduction on lipid changes has not been explored in meta-regression analyses. A systematic literature search was conducted to identify randomized controlled trials investigating the efficacy of orlistat on plasma total, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides and lipoprotein(a) levels. Thirty-three studies were included in the meta-analysis (5522 and 4210 participants in the orlistat therapy and control groups, respectively). Orlistat reduced body weight (weighted mean difference: −2.12, p < 0.001), total-cholesterol (weighted mean difference: −0.30 mmol/L, p < 0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (weighted mean difference: −0.27 mmol/L, p < 0.001), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (weighted mean difference: −0.034 mmol/L, p < 0.001) and triglyceride (weighted mean difference: −0.09 mmol/L, p < 0.001) concentrations, while no effect on lipoprotein(a) was observed. Total- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol-lowering were associated negatively with duration of orlistat treatment and positively with body weight changes. In conclusion, Orlistat treatment slightly reduces cholesterol and triglyceride levels, but not lipoprotein(a) levels. Total- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels reductions are more consistent in patients with greater body weight reduction and shorter duration of orlistat treatment. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Unusual suspects in the development of obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance: NK cells, iNKT cells, and ILCs; The notion that obesity-induced inflammation mediates the development of insulin resistance in animal models and humans has been gaining strong support. It has also been shown that immune cells in local tissues, in particular in visceral adipose tissue, play a major role in the regulation of obesity-induced inflammation. Specifically, obesity increases the numbers and activation of proinflammatory immune cells, including M1 macrophages, neutrophils, Th1 CD4 T cells, and CD8 T cells, while simultaneously suppressing anti-inflammatory cells such as M2 macrophages, CD4 regulatory T cells, regulatory B cells, and eosinophils. Recently, however, new cell types have been shown to participate in the development of obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance. Some of these cell types also appear to regulate obesity. These cells are natural killer (NK) cells and innate lymphoid cells (ILCs), which are closely related, and invariant natural killer T (iNKT) cells. It should be noted that, although iNKT cells resemble NK cells in name, they are actually a completely different cell type in terms of their development and functions in immunity and metabolism. In this review, we will focus on the roles that these relatively new players in the metabolism field play in obesity-induced insulin resistance and the regulation of obesity. © 2017 Korean Diabetes Association.
Preventing progression from gestational diabetes mellitus to diabetes: A thought-filled review; Women with a history of gestational diabetes are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. In studies with long periods of follow-up, diabetes incidence of up to 70% has been reported. The appropriate follow-up of women following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes has not been studied. Published guidelines recommend that obstetrician/gynaecologists, who are often the de facto primary care physicians for these otherwise healthy young women, incorporate glucose monitoring in the post-partum period into their annual examinations. In reality, reported rates of screening have been low. There is also no clear evidence for any beneficial interventions to prevent diabetes in patients with prior history of gestational diabetes. Lifestyle intervention programmes for diabetes prevention among these patients yielded disappointing results. Metformin, pioglitazone, liraglutide, and bariatric surgery are possible options but based on inadequate data. There remains a need for randomized, placebo-controlled studies to evaluate various pharmacologic treatments, with and without lifestyle interventions, to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The Effects of Vitamin D Supplementation on Metabolic Status of Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Data on the effects of Vitamin D supplementation on metabolic status of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are scarce. The current study was conducted to evaluate the effects of Vitamin D supplementation on metabolic status of patients with PCOS. This randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was performed on 70 Vitamin D-deficient (serum concentrations<20 ng/ml) women with phenotype B-PCOS according to the Rotterdam criteria aged 18-40 years old. Participants were randomly allocated into 2 groups to take either 50 000 IU Vitamin D (n=35) or placebo (n=35) every 2 weeks for 12 weeks. Metabolic, endocrine, inflammation, and oxidative stress biomarkers were quantified at the beginning of the study and after 12-week intervention. After the 12-week intervention, compared to the placebo, Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (-3.1±7.3 vs. +0.5±6.3 mg/dl, p=0.02), insulin (-1.4±3.6 vs. +2.6±7.0 μIU/ml, p=0.004), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (-0.3±0.8 vs. +0.6±1.6, p=0.003), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated B cell function (-4.9±13.4 vs. +9.9±26.9, p=0.005), and increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01±0.01 vs. -0.02±0.05, p=0.007). Supplementation with Vitamin D also led to significant reductions in serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-0.7±1.4 vs. +0.5±2.1 μg/mL, p=0.009) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (-0.1±0.5 vs. +0.9±2.1 μmol/l, p=0.01) compared to the placebo. Overall, Vitamin D supplementation for 12 weeks in Vitamin D-deficient women with phenotype B-PCOS had beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis parameters, hs-CRP, and MDA. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart, New York.
The Rotterdam Study: 2018 update on objectives, design and main results; The Rotterdam Study is a prospective cohort study ongoing since 1990 in the city of Rotterdam in The Netherlands. The study targets cardiovascular, endocrine, hepatic, neurological, ophthalmic, psychiatric, dermatological, otolaryngological, locomotor, and respiratory diseases. As of 2008, 14,926 subjects aged 45 years or over comprise the Rotterdam Study cohort. Since 2016, the cohort is being expanded by persons aged 40 years and over. The findings of the Rotterdam Study have been presented in over 1500 research articles and reports (see www.erasmus-epidemiology.nl/rotterdamstudy). This article gives the rationale of the study and its design. It also presents a summary of the major findings and an update of the objectives and methods. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media B.V.
Maternal macronutrient consumption and the developmental origins of metabolic disease in the offspring; Recent research aimed at understanding the rise in obesity and cardiometabolic disease in children suggests that suboptimal maternal nutrition conditions organ systems and physiological responses in the offspring contributing to disease development. Understanding the mechanisms by which the macronutrient composition of the maternal diet during pregnancy or lactation affects health outcomes in the offspring may lead to new maternal nutrition recommendations, disease prevention strategies and therapies that reduce the increasing incidence of cardiometabolic disease in children. Recent mechanistic animal model research has identified how excess fats and sugars in the maternal diet alter offspring glucose tolerance, insulin signaling and metabolism. Maternal nutrition appears to influence epigenetic alterations in the offspring and the programming of gene expression in key metabolic pathways. This review is focused on experimental studies in animal models that have investigated mechanisms of how maternal consumption of macronutrients affects cardiometabolic disease development in the offspring. Future research using “-omic” technologies is essential to elucidate the mechanisms of how altered maternal macronutrient consumption influences the development of disease in the offspring. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in Taiwan: A retrospective nationwide study; Background: During pregnancy, the hyperdynamic physiology of circulation can exacerbate many cardiovascular disorders. Congestive heart failure (CHF) usually occurs during late pregnancy, which is significantly associated with a high level of maternal and neonatal morbidities and mortalities. The profile of women who develop peripartum CHF (PCHF) is unknown. We investigated the epidemiological profiles of PCHF. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, PCHF patients were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Risk factors and obstetric outcomes were compared in women with and without PCHF. Results: From 2,115,873 birth-mothers in Taiwan between 1997 and 2013, we identified 512 with PCHF (incidence: 24.20/105). More women with than without PCHF were older (≥ 35, 18.16% vs. 9.62%), and had more multifetal gestations (7.42% vs. 1.40%), gestational hypertension (HTN) (19.2% vs. 1.31%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (4.10% vs. 0.67%). After the analysis had been adjusted for confounders, the leading comorbidities associated with PCHF were structural heart diseases (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 67.21; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 54.29-83.22), pulmonary diseases (aOR: 13.12; 95% CI: 10.28-16.75), chronic HTN (aOR: 11.27; 95% CI: 6.94-18.28), thyroid disease (aOR: 9.53; 95% CI: 5.27-17.23), and gestational HTN (aOR: 5.16; 95% CI: 3.89-6.85). PCHF patients also had a higher rate of cesarean sections (66.41% vs. 34.46%; p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Maternal structural heart diseases, pulmonary diseases, thyroid disorders, and preexisting or gestational HTN are associated with a higher risk of developing PCHF. Birth-mothers with PCHF also had a higher risk of caesarean section and adverse outcomes, including maternal death. Our findings should benefit healthcare providers, and government and health insurance policy makers. © 2017 The Author(s).
MicroRNAs and adipocytokines: Promising biomarkers for pharmacological targets in diabetes mellitus and its complications; Nowadays, diabetes mellitus (DM) along with its complications is considered as a fundamental problem in both developing and industrial countries, and is causing millions of people to suffer worldwide. Currently, diabetes mellitus is diagnosed traditionally or classically in the world by measuring fasting blood glucose and conducting oral glucose tolerance test. New alternatives are required for the treatment of diabetes mellitus, especially type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), at its early levels due to the ineffective control of its development in patients. In recent years, by further identifying of molecular agents such as microRNAs (miRNAs), studies have focused on miRNAs in diabetes as well as in other diseases. These small non-coding RNA molecules have a significant role in the regulation of insulin gene expression and also, obesity problems. White adipose tissue, as an important tissue in obese subjects, is directly related to type 2 diabetes and its complications via synthesis of adipokines. Prevention and treatment of obesity should be noted since childhood. Our aim in this review is to briefly provide a new glance at types of potential biomarkers, which can be used as pharmacological targets for prevention and treatment of prediabetic subjects, and patients with T2DM. © 2017
Measurement and Clinical Significance of Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Humans; Oxidative stress is the result of the imbalance between reactive oxygen species (ROS) formation and enzymatic and nonenzymatic antioxidants. Biomarkers of oxidative stress are relevant in the evaluation of the disease status and of the health-enhancing effects of antioxidants. We aim to discuss the major methodological bias of methods used for the evaluation of oxidative stress in humans. There is a lack of consensus concerning the validation, standardization, and reproducibility of methods for the measurement of the following: (1) ROS in leukocytes and platelets by flow cytometry, (2) markers based on ROS-induced modifications of lipids, DNA, and proteins, (3) enzymatic players of redox status, and (4) total antioxidant capacity of human body fluids. It has been suggested that the bias of each method could be overcome by using indexes of oxidative stress that include more than one marker. However, the choice of the markers considered in the global index should be dictated by the aim of the study and its design, as well as by the clinical relevance in the selected subjects. In conclusion, the clinical significance of biomarkers of oxidative stress in humans must come from a critical analysis of the markers that should give an overall index of redox status in particular conditions. © 2017 Ilaria Marrocco et al.
Relative variations of gut microbiota in disordered cholesterol metabolism caused by high-cholesterol diet and host genetics; Recent studies performed provide mechanistic insight into effects of the microbiota on cholesterol metabolism, but less focus was given to how cholesterol impacts the gut microbiota. In this study, ApoE−/− Sprague Dawley (SD) rats and their wild-type counterparts (n = 12) were, respectively, allocated for two dietary condition groups (normal chow and high-cholesterol diet). Total 16S rDNA of fecal samples were extracted and sequenced by high-throughput sequencing to determine differences in microbiome composition. Data were collected and performed diversity analysis and phylogenetic analysis. The influence of cholesterol on gut microbiota was discussed by using cholesterol dietary treatment as exogenous cholesterol disorder factor and genetic modification as endogenous metabolic disorder factor. Relative microbial variations were compared to illustrate the causality and correlation of cholesterol and gut microbiota. It turned out comparing to genetically modified rats, exogenous cholesterol intake may play more effective role in changing gut microbiota profile, although the serum cholesterol level of genetically modified rats was even higher. Relative abundance of some representative species showed that the discrepancies due to dietary variation were more obvious, whereas some low abundance species changed because of genetic disorders. Our results partially demonstrated that gut microbiota are relatively more sensitive to dietary variation. Nevertheless, considering the important effect of bacteria in cholesterol metabolism, the influence to gut flora by “genetically caused cholesterol disorder” cannot be overlooked. Manipulation of gut microbiota might be an effective target for preventing cholesterol-related metabolic disorders. © 2017 The Authors. MicrobiologyOpen published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Relationship between the nutritional status of vitamin a per trimester of pregnancy with maternal anthropometry and anemia after roux-en-y gastric bypass; The aim of this study was to compare the nutritional status of vitamin A per trimester of pregnancy, as well as to assess its influence on pre-pregnancy BMI, total gestational weight gain (TGWG) and presence of anemia in women who had previously undergone Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). An analytical, longitudinal and retrospective study comprising 30 pregnant women who had previously undergone RYGB was undertaken. In all trimesters of pregnancy, the serum concentrations of retinol, β-carotene, stages of vitamin A deficiency (VAD), night blindness (NB), anemia and anthropometric variables were assessed. VAD in pregnancy affected 90% of women, 86.7% developed NB and 82.8% had mild VAD. TGWG above/below the recommended range was related to the low serum concentrations of β-carotene (p = 0.045) in the second trimester and women with TGWG above the recommended range showed 100% of inadequacy of this nutrient in the third trimester. Among the pregnant women with anemia, 90.9% had VAD and 86.4% had NB. This study highlights the importance of monitoring the nutritional status of vitamin A in prenatal care, due to its relationship with TGWG and the high percentage of VAD and NB found since the beginning of pregnancy. It also reaffirms the use of the cut-off <1.05 μmol/L for determining VAD. © 2017 by the authors.
Fibroblast growth factors: New insights, new targets in the management of diabetes; The fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family consists of 22 evolutionarily and structurally related proteins (FGF1 to FGF23; with FGF15 being the rodent ortholog of human FGF19). Based on their mechanism of action, FGFs can be categorized into intracrine, autocrine/paracrine and endocrine subgroups. Both autocrine/paracrine and endocrine FGFs are secreted from their cells of origin and exert their effects on target cells by binding to and activating specific single-pass transmembrane tyrosine kinase receptors (FGFRs). Moreover, FGF binding to FGFRs requires specific cofactors, namely heparin/heparan sulfate proteoglycans or Klothos for autocrine/paracrine and endocrine FGF signaling, respectively. FGFs are vital for embryonic development and mediate a broad spectrum of biological functions, ranging from cellular excitability to angiogenesis and tissue regeneration. Over the past decade certain FGFs (e.g. FGF1, FGF10, FGF15/FGF19 and FGF21) have been further recognized as regulators of energy homeostasis, metabolism and adipogenesis, constituting novel therapeutic targets for obesity and obesity-related cardiometabolic disease. Until recently, translational research has been mainly focused on FGF21, due to the pleiotropic, beneficial metabolic actions and the relatively benign safety profile of its engineered variants. However, increasing evidence regarding the role of additional FGFs in the regulation of metabolic homeostasis and recent developments regarding novel, engineered FGF variants have revitalized the research interest into the therapeutic potential of certain additional FGFs (e.g. FGF1 and FGF15/FGF19). This review presents a brief overview of the FGF family, describing the mode of action of the different FGFs subgroups, and focuses on FGF1 and FGF15/FGF19, which appear to also represent promising new targets for the treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes. © 2015 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA.
Diet-induced adipose tissue expansion is mitigated in mice with a targeted inactivation of mesoderm specific transcript (Mest); Interindividual variation of white adipose tissue (WAT) expression of mesoderm specific transcript (Mest), a paternally-expressed imprinted gene belonging to the α/β-hydrolase fold protein family, becomes apparent among genetically inbred mice fed high fat diet (HFD) and is positively associated with adipose tissue expansion (ATE). To elucidate a role for MEST in ATE, mice were developed with global and adipose tissue inactivation of Mest. Mice with homozygous (MestgKO) and paternal allelic (MestpKO) inactivation of Mest were born at expected Mendelian frequencies, showed no behavioral or physical abnormalities, and did not perturb expression of the Mest locus-derived microRNA miR-335. MestpKO mice fed HFD showed reduced ATE and adipocyte hypertrophy, improved glucose tolerance, and reduced WAT expression of genes associated with hypoxia and inflammation compared to littermate controls. Remarkably, caloric intake and energy expenditure were unchanged between genotypes. Mice with adipose tissue inactivation of Mest were phenotypically similar to MestpKO, supporting a role for WAT MEST in ATE. Global profiling of WAT gene expression of HFD-fed control and MestpKO mice detected few differences between genotypes; nevertheless, genes with reduced expression in MestpKO mice were associated with immune processes and consistent with improved glucose homeostasis. Ear-derived mesenchymal stem cells (EMSC) from MestgKO mice showed no differences in adipogenic differentiation compared to control cells unless challenged by shRNA knockdown of Gpat4, an enzyme that mediates lipid accumulation in adipocytes. Reduced adipogenic capacity of EMSC from MestgKO after Gpat4 knockdown suggests that MEST facilitates lipid accumulation in adipocytes. Our data suggests that reduced diet-induced ATE in MEST-deficient mice diminishes hypoxia and inflammation in WAT leading to improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. Since inactivation of Mest in mice has minimal additional effects aside from reduction of ATE, an intervention that mitigates MEST function in adipocytes is a plausible strategy to obviate obesity and type-2-diabetes. © 2017 Anunciado-Koza et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
HIV infection and diabetes; HIV-infected individuals are at high risk for abnormal glucose metabolism, speculated to be multifactorial in etiology, including, but not limited to, the effects of HIV infection itself, common comorbidities, and the use of antiretroviral medications. Since the introduction of highly active HAART therapy, it has been well recognized that there is considerable variability among individual agents with newer medications generally being associated with a less severe metabolic profile. The postulated mechanisms by which antiretroviral causes dysglycemia include via direct effects on peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity, as well as pancreatic β-cell function, mitochondrial toxicity, and the development of peripheral lipoatrophy and/or visceral fat accumulation. Changes in body composition, including peripheral lipoatrophy (rarely seen in the setting of contemporary antiretroviral agents) and lipohypertrophy, are also seen. It is recommended that HIV-infected individuals be screened for the presence of glucose abnormalities with a fasting glucose prior to the initiation of ARV therapy, 1-3 months after starting treatment and then every 3-6 months. There are increasing data that the HbA1c may underestimate glucose derangements. Overall, avoidance of older ARV regimens associated with metabolic disease is recommended when possible. Oral diabetes medications and insulin can safely be used in individuals with HIV. First-line treatment is with metformin, though one must screen for risk factors associated with lactic acidosis. Use of PPARs has fallen out of favor in the setting of adverse cardiovascular effects reported with rosiglitazone use. Limited data exist on the use of other oral agents (sulfonylureas, SGLT2 inhibitors, DPP4 inhibitors) and injectables (GLP-1 agonists) in HIV-infected individuals. The current recommended strategy of peripheral lipoatrophy is to replace the older NRTIs most closely associated with lipoatrophy with more commonly used and newer NRTIs. Tesamorelin, a growth hormone releasing hormone analogue, may be useful in reduction of VAT in the setting of lipohypertrophy. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017. All rights reserved.
Severe fat accumulation in multiple organs in pediatric autopsies: An uncommon but significant finding; Background: The observation of fat accumulation in different organs at pediatric autopsy may help determine the cause of death. However, a comprehensive study on fat accumulation and related etiologies is still lacking. Aim: To investigate the incidence of fat accumulation in different organs in pediatric autopsies and their relevance to the cause of death. Methods: From February 2004 until March 2015, fat accumulation was assessed in 561 routinely performed pediatric autopsies in our center. Age at death ranged from 14 weeks of gestation for fetuses to 16 years. Samples of liver, heart, kidney, and muscle were stained with Oil-Red-O and scored for fat accumulation by one pediatric pathologist. Results: Fat accumulation in > 1 organ(s) was present in 132 (39.8%) of 332 prenatal cases. Only 3 (0.9%) had fat accumulation in all 4 organs. For postnatal cases, fat accumulation in > 1 organ(s) was present in 106 (46.3%) of 229 postnatal cases. Only 12 (5.2%) had fat accumulation in all 4 organs. Fat accumulation was mostly seen in liver, both in prenatal and postnatal cases. Fatty acid oxidation disorders were the only cause of death associated with severe fat accumulation in all 4 organs. No other etiologies could be linked directly to distribution or severity of fat accumulation. Conclusion: Severe fat accumulation in at least 4 organs is a rare finding in pediatric autopsies, whereas fat accumulation in only the liver is relatively common. Severe fat accumulation in both liver, muscle, kidney, and heart was only seen in cases with fatty acid oxidation disorders. © 2017, Society for Pediatric Pathology All rights reserved.
Renin-angiotensin system in diabetes; The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) has two different axes, the classical one with the effector peptide angiotensin II and the new one with the effector peptide angiotensin (1-7). Both peptides have been shown to be involved in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and its consequences, nephropathy, retinopathy and cardiomyopathy in animal models and patients. In diabetes, angiotensin II acts mostly deleterious and angiotensin (1-7) protective. In this review we summarize the knowledge about the role of the different RAS axes in diabetes mellitus and the use of drugs interfering with the RAS in the therapy of the disease.
Metabolic syndrome: Sex-related cardiovascular risk & therapeutic approach; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: The most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. Conclusion: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified. ©2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Programming of adiposity in childhood and adolescence: Associations with birth weight and cord blood adipokines; Context: Exposure to maternal adiposity during pregnancy is associated with higher offspring birth weight and greater adiposity through childhood and adult life. As birth weight reflects the summation of lean and fat mass, the extent to which fat mass at birth tracks into later life is unknown. Objective: To determine whether fat mass at birth is associated with child and adolescent adiposity. Design, Setting, and Participants: UK birth cohort with markers of neonatal fat mass; cord blood leptin, adiponectin, and birth weight and adiposity outcomes at age 9 (n = 2775) and 17 years (n = 2138). Main Outcomes: Offspring body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry-determined fat mass, and obesity at age 9 and 17 years. Results: Higher cord blood leptin was associated with higher z scores of fat mass [difference in mean per 10 pg/mL: 0.03 standard deviation (SD); 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.00 to 0.06], waist circumference (0.04 SD; 95% CI, 0.00 to 0.07), and BMI (0.04 SD; 95% CI, 0.00 to 0.08) at age 9. However, by age 17 the adjusted results were attenuated to the null. Cord blood adiponectin was not associated with measures of adiposity at age 9. At age 17, cord blood adiponectin was positively associated with fat mass (0.02 SD per 10 mg/mL; 95% CI, 0.02 to 0.03) and waist circumference (0.04 SD per 10 mg/mL; 95% CI, 0.03 to 0.05). Birth weight was positively associated with waist circumference (0.03 SD per 100 g; 95% CI, 0.02 to 0.04) and BMI (0.02 SD per 100 μg; 95% CI, 0.00 to 0.03), but not fat mass or odds of obesity. Cord blood leptin and adiponectin were not associated with obesity at either age. Conclusions: Increased cord blood leptin and adiponectin, known surrogates of fetal fat mass, were weakly associated with increased fat mass in late childhood and adolescence, respectively. © 2017 by the Endocrine Society.
Chili pepper as a body weight-loss food; Chili has culinary as well as medical importance. Studies in humans, using a wide range of doses of chili intake (varying from a single meal to a continuous uptake for up to 12 weeks), concluded that it facilitates weight loss. In regard to this, the main targets of chili are fat metabolism, energy expenditure, and thermogenesis. To induce weight loss, the active substance of chili, capsaicin, activates Transient Receptor Potential Cation Channel sub-family V member 1 (TRPV1) channels) receptors causing an increase in intracellular calcium levels and triggering the sympathetic nervous system. Apart from TRPV1, chili directly reduces energy expenditure by activating Brown Adipose Tissue. Weight loss by chili is also the result of an improved control of insulin, which supports weight management and has positive effects for treatment for diseases like obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. This review summarizes the major pathways by which chili contributes to ameliorating parameters that help weight management and how the consumption of chili can help in accelerating weight loss through dietary modifications. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Vitamin D and histologic severity of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background NAFLD and vitamin D deficiency often coexist and epidemiologic evidence has shown that both of these conditions share several risk factors. Recent studies investigating the relationship between vitamin D levels and severity of NAFLD showed conflicting results. Thus we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate association between vitamin D and NAFLD histologic severity. Methods A comprehensive search of the databases of the MEDLINE and EMBASE was performed from inception through November 2016. Observational studies compared serum vitamin D levels among NAFLD patients with high and low histologic severity, which was determined by NAFLD activity score (NAS) and fibrosis score. We calculated pooled mean difference (MD) of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels with 95% confidence intervals (CI) using random-effects model. Results Data were extracted from 6 studies involving 974 NAFLD patients. There was no difference in 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels among NAFLD patients with high NAS (score of ≥5) versus low NAS (pooled MD = −0.93, 95%CI −2.45 to 0.58, I2 = 0%) and also high fibrosis score (score of ≥3) versus low fibrosis score (pooled MD = 0.88, 95%CI −2.65 to 4.42, I2 = 64%). Conclusions Despite evidence implicating vitamin D in NAFLD pathogenesis, serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D may not be associated with NAFLD histologic severity. © 2017 Editrice Gastroenterologica Italiana S.r.l.
Physical Activity and the Abdominal Viscera: Responses in Health and Disease; Physical Activity and the Abdominal Viscera is the first book to examine the response of the visceral organs to acute and chronic physical activity, in cases of both health and disease. Bringing together a previously disparate body of research, Professor Roy Shephard sets out the physiology, function during exercise, pathology of disease, and role of physical activity in preventing and managing disease in the visceral organs. Working systematically through the viscera, the book first identifies the response to exercise and pathologies of the liver, gall bladder and biliary tract, then goes on to examine the function of the kidneys and bladder, and finally covers issues including the spleen, sickle cell disease and prostate cancer. Providing a clear and well-structured guide to the relationship between the visceral organs and physical activity, Physical Activity and the Abdominal Viscera is a vital reference text for academics and upper-level students in sports medicine and clinical exercise physiology, and for health professionals in preventive medicine. © 2018 Roy J. Shephard.
Sex hormone-binding globulin and the metabolic syndrome; Sex steroids are implicated in the etiology of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) with different effects in men and women that likely reflect the sex dimorphic balance between circulating testosterone and estradiol levels. In men, low testosterone levels are a major risk factor for the MetS, and testosterone replacement therapy has been proposed as treatment option for associated conditions, i.e., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The plasma levels and tissue availability of androgens and estrogens are regulated by sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), reduced plasma levels of which are a risk factor for the development of MetS. This chapter reviews the biochemical and molecular properties of SHBG and its role in the regulation of androgen and estrogen action; the molecular mechanisms that control the hepatic production of plasma SHBG, and how these are dysregulated in MetS patients. New information linking genetic mutations that may influence SHBG production or function with the etiology of MS-associated diseases are discussed. The utility of plasma SHBG and free testosterone measurements as biomarkers of MetS risk is also reviewed. © 2017, Springer International Publishing AG.
Deoxyribonucleic acid telomere length shortening can predict the incidence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims/Introduction: To investigate the effect of telomere shortening and other predictive factors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in a 6-year prospective cohort study. Materials and Methods: A total of 70 type 2 diabetes mellitus (mean age 57.8 ± 6.7 years) patients without NAFLD were included in the study, and 64 of them were successfully followed up 6 years later, excluding four cases with significant alcohol consumption. NAFLD was diagnosed by the hepatorenal ratio obtained by a quantitative ultrasound method using NIH image analysis software. The 39 individuals that developed NAFLD were allocated to group A, and the 21 individuals that did not develop NAFLD were allocated to group B. Fluorescent real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction was used to measure telomere length. Results: There was no significant difference between the two groups in baseline telomere length; however, at the end of the 6th year, telomere length had become shorter in group A compared with group B. There were significant differences between these two groups in baseline body mass index, waistline, systolic blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin and fasting C-peptide level. In addition, the estimated indices of baseline insulin resistance increased in group A. Fasting insulin level, body mass index, systolic blood pressure at baseline and the shortening of telomere length were independent risk factors of NAFLD in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Conclusions: Telomere length became shorter in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who developed NAFLD over the course of 6 years. Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who developed NAFLD had more serious insulin resistance compared with those who did not develop NAFLD a long time ago. © 2016 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd
Obesity – Importance for various gynecological endocrinological problems; Over the past two decades the incidence of obesity has increased from approximately 15% to over 25%. Obesity has particularly dramatic consequences for women with a male distribution pattern of fat because visceral fatty tissue has a considerable influence on glucose and fat metabolism. In addition to cardiovascular risks obesity can also cause an unfavorable epigenetic impregnation of the fetus and problems with contraception as well as fertility and promote the growth of malignant neoplasms due to permanently increased insulin concentrations. This article presents the etiological associations, pathophysiological causal chains and epidemiological developments. Possible therapeutic approaches and interventional options, for example certain components in the selection of contraception and hormone substitution are discussed. © 2017, Springer Medizin Verlag Berlin.
Osteopontin deficiency suppresses intestinal tumor development in apc-deficient min mice; Osteopontin (OPN) is a secreted phosphoglycoprotein, and is a transcriptional target of aberrant Wnt signaling. OPN is upregulated in human colon cancers, and is suggested to enhance cancer progression. In this study, the effect of deficiency of OPN on intestinal tumor development in Apc-deficient Min mice was investigated. At 16 weeks of age, the number of small intestinal polyps in Min/OPN(+/–) and Min/OPN(–/–) mice was lower than that of Min/OPN(+/+) mice. Colorectal tumor incidences and multiplicities in Min/OPN(+/–) and Min/OPN(–/–) mice were significantly lower than those in Min/OPN(+/+) mice, being 48% and 0.6 ± 0.8, 50% and 0.8 ± 0.9 vs. 80% and 1.6 ± 1.7, respectively. OPN expression in colorectal tumors was strongly upregulated in Min/OPN(+/+) compared to adjacent non-tumor parts, but was decreased in Min/OPN(+/–) and not detected in Min/OPN(–/–). Targets of OPN, matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs)-3, -9, and -13 were lowered by OPN deficiency. Macrophage marker F4/80 in colorectal tumors was also lowered by OPN deficiency. MMP-9 expression was observed in tumor cells and tumor-infiltrating neutrophils. These results indicate that induction of OPN by aberrant Wnt signaling could enhance colorectal tumor development in part by upregulation of MMP-3, -9, and -13 and infiltration of macrophage and neutrophils. Suppression of OPN expression could contribute to tumor prevention, but complete deficiency of OPN may cause some adverse effects. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
FGF21 deficiency is associated with childhood obesity, insulin resistance and hypoadiponectinaemia: The BCAMS Study; Objective Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) exerts beneficial effects on metabolic homoeostasis and has been reported to be regulated by adiponectin, leptin and resistin. However, while an association between increased circulating FGF21 and metabolic disorders has been reported in adults, paediatric-specific data are lacking. Design and methods This study investigated the relationship between FGF21 levels and obesity, insulin resistance (IR), the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and adipokines (adiponectin, leptin and resistin) in a cohort of 3231 Chinese youngsters aged 6–18. Results There were gender- and puberty-related differences in FGF21 levels. Unexpectedly, FGF21 levels were decreased in children with obesity, and negatively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR and leptin levels after adjusting for age, gender, puberty and lifestyle factors. Moreover, multiple regression analyses showed that serum FGF21 positively predicted adiponectin levels while resistin positively predicted FGF21 levels independent of BMI (P < 0.05). Children in the lowest FGF21 quintile were more likely to have IR (OR: 1.85, 95% CI: 1.41–2.42; P = 0.002) and MetS (OR: 1.62, 95% CI: 1.14–2.28; P = 0.007) than those in the highest quintile. Further adjusting for BMI and/or the three adipokines modified the association of FGF21 with MetS (P > 0.10) but not with IR (P < 0.01). Conclusion Although the associations between adiponectin, leptin, resistin and metabolic abnormalities in our paediatric population were similar to those in adults, correlations of FGF21 levels with obesity, IR and MetS were the inverse of those found in adults. Our present findings suggest that FGF21 deficiency, rather than resistance, contribute to IR and hypoadiponectinaemia independently of obesity in young people. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Long-term consequences of obesity on female fertility and the health of the offspring; Purpose of review: Obesity has reached near epidemic levels among reproductive age women with a myriad of consequences. Obesity adversely affects the maternal milieu by creating conditions that decrease fertility and increase the risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, fetal growth abnormalities and congenital anomalies. The effects of obesity are not limited to pregnancy. Indeed, beyond the immediate postpartum period, obese women maintain a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. In this article, we will review the pathophysiology underlying the effects of obesity on fertility, pregnancy outcome and health status of offspring. The purpose of this review is to outline proposed models responsible for the short-term and long-term consequences of obesity on fertility and offspring development, and identify knowledge gaps where additional research is needed. Recent findings: Maternal over or under nutrition adversely affect maternal reproductive capacity and pregnancy success. Separate from effects on maternal reproductive function, maternal over or under nutrition may also 'program' fetal pathophysiology through inheritance mechanisms that suggest epigenetic modification of DNA, differential RNA translation and protein expression, or modification of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary axis function through programmed adverse effects on the developing hypothalamic circuitry. The concept of maternal health modifying the risk of developing noncommunicable diseases in the offspring is based on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. Summary: Of importance, the long-term effects of obesity are not limited to maternal health, but also programs pathophysiology in their offspring. Children of obese gravida are at increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic disease in childhood and throughout adulthood. Future studies directly interrogating mechanisms underlying the risks associated with obesity will allow us to develop interventions and therapies to decrease short-term and long-term morbidities associated with maternal obesity. Copyright © 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pancreatic fat content by magnetic resonance imaging in subjects with prediabetes, diabetes, and controls from a general population without cardiovascular disease; Background/Objective Despite the relevance of pancreatic fat content in the development of metabolic diseases, its association with impaired glucose metabolism, diabetes, and other adipose tissue compartments remains unclear. Thus, we determined differences in pancreatic fat content by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) between subjects with prediabetes, diabetes, and normal controls in a cohort from the general population. Methods Subjects without history of cardiovascular disease with established diabetes or prediabetes as well as normal controls were included and underwent whole-body MRI on a 3T scanner. Pancreatic fat content was quantified by measuring the proton-density fat fraction (PDFFpanc) using a 3D multi-echo GRE sequence (increment: 1.23 ms, 6 echoes) by placing ROIs in the pancreatic head, body, and tail by independent readers. In addition, hepatic fat content as well as abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue (SAT and VAT) were measured by multi-echo GRE and 3D 2-point volume-interpolated DIXON MRI, respectively. Univariate and multivariate analyses were employed to determine associations. Results A total of 385 subjects were included in the analysis (median age: 57 years, 58.2% males), of them 53 were classified as subjects with diabetes, 95 as prediabetes, and 237 as controls (13.8%, 24.7%, and 61.6%; respectively). The median PDFFpanc was 5.2% [IQR 3.3±9.4], and significantly higher in subjects with prediabetes and diabetes as compared to controls (PDFFpanc: 6.2% [IQR: 3.5±12] vs. 8.6% [IQR: 4.3±17.5] vs. 4.9% [3.1±7.4], p<0.001, respectively). After adjusting for age, gender and BMI the association was attenuated (all p>0.12). While in univariate analysis BMI, PDFFhepatic, SAT and VAT were associated with PDFFpanc (all p<0.05), only VAT predicted PDFFpanc independently (β: 0.02, 95%-confidence interval: 0.01±0.04, p<0.001). Conclusion While pancreatic fat content differs significantly between subjects with prediabetes, diabetes and controls, this association may be confounded by age, gender, and the amount of VAT in this cross-sectional study. © 2017 Grelet et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Sleep duration and cardiometabolic risk among Chinese school-aged children: Do adipokines play a mediating role?; Study Objectives: To assess the associations between sleep duration and cardiometabolic risk factors in Chinese school-aged children and to explore the possible mediating role of adipokines. Methods: Sleep duration was collected in 3166 children from the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome study. Glucose homeostasis and other cardiometabolic risk factors were assessed. Serum adipokines including leptin, total and high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin, resistin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), and retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) were determined. Results: Among the 6-to 12-year-old children, after adjusting for covariates including puberty, short sleep duration was associated with increased body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, fasting glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (all p < .0001), higher triglyceride and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < .05), along with increased leptin (p < .0001), FGF21 (p < .05) and decreased HMW-adiponectin (p ≤ .01); the association with leptin remained significant after further adjustment for BMI. However, these associations, except for glucose (p < .0001), disappeared after further adjusted for leptin. For the 13.18 years old group, short sleep duration was associated with higher BMI, waist circumference, and RBP4 (all p < .05), but the association with RBP4 was attenuated after adjusting for BMI (p = .067). Conclusions: Short sleep duration is strongly associated with obesity and hyperglycemia (in 6.12 years old), along with adverse adipokine secretion patterns among Chinese children. The associations with cardiometabolic risk factors appear to be more pronounced in younger children, and could be explained, at least partially, by leptin levels.
Potential health hazards of eating red meat; Red meat (beef, veal, pork, lamb and mutton) consumption contributes several important nutrients to the diet, for example essential amino acids, vitamins (including B12) and minerals (including iron and zinc). Processed red meat (ham, sausages, bacon, frankfurters, salami, etc.) undergoes treatment (curing, smoking, salting or the use of chemical preservatives and additives) to improve its shelf life and/or taste. During recent decades, consumption of red meat has been increasing globally, especially in developing countries. At the same time, there has been growing evidence that high consumption of red meat, especially of processed meat, may be associated with an increased risk of several major chronic diseases. Here, a comprehensive summary is provided of the accumulated evidence based on prospective cohort studies regarding the potential adverse health effects of red meat consumption on major chronic diseases, such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, heart failure, stroke and cancer at several sites, and mortality. Risk estimates from pooled analyses and meta-analyses are presented together with recently published findings. Based on at least six cohorts, summary results for the consumption of unprocessed red meat of 100 g day−1 varied from nonsignificant to statistically significantly increased risk (11% for stroke and for breast cancer, 15% for cardiovascular mortality, 17% for colorectal and 19% for advanced prostate cancer); for the consumption of 50 g day−1 processed meat, the risks were statistically significantly increased for most of the studied diseases (4% for total prostate cancer, 8% for cancer mortality, 9% for breast, 18% for colorectal and 19% for pancreatic cancer, 13% for stroke, 22% for total and 24% for cardiovascular mortality and 32% for diabetes). Potential biological mechanisms underlying the observed risks and the environmental impact of red meat production are also discussed. The evidence-based integrated message is that it is plausible to conclude that high consumption of red meat, and especially processed meat, is associated with an increased risk of several major chronic diseases and preterm mortality. Production of red meat involves an environmental burden. Therefore, some European countries have already integrated these two issues, human health and the ‘health of the planet’, into new dietary guidelines and recommended limiting consumption of red meat. © 2016 The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine
Early life programming and the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and can be considered the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. NAFLD represents a spectrum of disease, from the relatively benign simple steatosis to the more serious non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, which can progress to liver cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma and end-stage liver failure, necessitating liver transplantation. Although the increasing prevalence of NAFLD in developed countries has substantial implications for public health, many of the precise mechanisms accounting for the development and progression of NAFLD are unclear. The environment in early life is an important determinant of cardiovascular disease risk in later life and studies suggest this also extends to NAFLD. Here we review data from animal models and human studies which suggest that fetal and early life exposure to maternal under- and overnutrition, excess glucocorticoids and environmental pollutants may confer an increased susceptibility to NAFLD development and progression in offspring and that such effects may be sex-specific. We also consider studies aimed at identifying potential dietary and pharmacological interventions aimed at reducing this risk. We suggest that further human epidemiological studies are needed to ensure that data from animal models are relevant to human health. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2017.
The effects of myo-inositol and B and D vitamin supplementation in the db/+ mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing concern, affecting an increasing number of pregnant women worldwide. By predisposing both the affected mothers and children to future disease, GDM contributes to an intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes. In order to stop this cycle, safe and effective treatments for GDM are required. This study sought to determine the treatment effects of dietary supplementation with myo-inositol (MI) and vitamins B2, B6, B12, and D in a mouse model of GDM (pregnant db/+ dams). In addition, the individual effects of vitamin B2 were examined. Suboptimal B2 increased body weight and fat deposition, decreased GLUT4 adipose tissue expression, and increased expression of inflammatory markers. MI supplementation reduced weight and fat deposition, and reduced expression of inflammatory markers in adipose tissue of mice on suboptimal B2. MI also significantly reduced the hyperleptinemia observed in db/+ mice, when combined with supplemented B2. MI was generally associated with adipose tissue markers of improved insulin sensitivity and glucose uptake, while the combination of vitamins B2, B6, B12, and D was associated with a reduction in adipose inflammatory marker expression. These results suggest that supplementation with MI and vitamin B2 could be beneficial for the treatment/prevention of GDM. © 2017 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Pituitary Gland in Pregnancy; During pregnancy, pituitary morphology and function are modified by placental hormonal secretion. Pituitary volume is increased due to lactotroph hypertrophy and hyperplasia. Placental sex steroids inhibit gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) and gonatrophin secretion. The placenta secretes a variant isoform of growth hormone (GH), increasing growth factor 1 (IGF-1) levels. TSH secretion decreases in the first trimester, secondary to thyroid stimulation by human chorionic gonadotrophin. Hepatic production of thyroid-binding globulin is stimulated by estrogens increasing total T4 and T3. Placental CRH stimulates pituitary and placental ACTH, increasing cortisol levels throughout pregnancy. Infertility is common in patients harboring pituitary tumors. Pathophysiology includes hormonal hypersecretion and tumoral mass effect. Hypopituitarism can also result from surgery and/or radiotherapy for pituitary adenoma treatment. Hyperprolactinemia, occurring in prolactinomas, the most common subtype of pituitary adenomas, and other pituitary tumors, inhibits GnRH pulsatility. Different mechanisms seem to play a role on hypogonadism of patients harboring acromegaly: tumoral gonadotroph compression, hyperprolactinemia, and GH/IGF-1 excess disrupting gonadal axis. Regarding Cushing disease, hypogonadism is mainly due to the negative impact of hypercortisolism and hyperandrogenism in the gonadotrophic axis. Clinically nonfunctioning pituitary tumors seldom are associated with pregnancy. In pituitary adenomas, treatment is often necessary to control hormonal hypersecretion and tumor mass effect related to infertility. Other causes of infertility include lymphocytic hypophysitis and Sheehan syndrome. This chapter reviews the pathophysiology, diagnosis, and therapeutic approaches for women with pituitary diseases, before and during pregnancy, in order to induce fertility and avoid the deleterious effects of hormonal hyper- or hyposecretion. © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mediterranean dietary quality index and dietary phytochemical index among patients candidate for coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery; Background: The aim of the present research was to evaluate the relationship between Mediterranean dietary quality index (Med-DQI) and dietary phytochemical index (DPI) with metabolic risk factors of cardiovascular disease in candidates for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study on 454 patients aged 35-80 years as candidates of CABG and hospitalized in Tehran Heart Center. Anthropometric and demographic characteristics were obtained from all participants and a 138-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to evaluate Med-DQI and DPI. Biochemical parameters including HbA1C, serum lipids, albumin, creatinine and C-reactive protein (CRP) were assessed by commercial laboratory methods. Results: Patients with higher scores of "saturated fatty acids" had lower serum albumin concentrations (P < 0.05). High scores of "cholesterol" subgroup was also accompanied with higher serum Hb A1C percent (P = 0.04). Significantly higher concentrations of serum creatinine were also observed in categorizes with lower "fish" scores. Patients with lower phytochemical intakes had significantly higher Med-DQI scores. Conclusion: According to our findings, high dietary intakes of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol were associated with low serum albumin and Hb A1C concentration. Further studies are needed to better clarify these associations and possible underlying mechanisms. © 2017 The Author(s).
The novel exercise-induced hormone irisin protects against neuronal injury via activation of the Akt and ERK1/2 signaling pathways and contributes to the neuroprotection of physical exercise in cerebral ischemia; Background Irisin is a novel exercise-induced myokine involved in the regulation of adipose browning and thermogenesis. In this study, we investigated the potential role of irisin in cerebral ischemia and determined whether irisin is involved in the neuroprotective effect of physical exercise in mice. Materials and Methods The middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) model was used to produce cerebral ischemia in mice. First, the plasma irisin levels and changes in expression of the irisin precursor protein FNDC5 in skeletal muscle were determined post ischemic stroke. Second, the association between plasma irisin levels and the neurological deficit score, brain infarct volume, or plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-1β in mice with MCAO were evaluated. Third, the therapeutic effect of irisin on ischemic brain injury was evaluated in vivo and in vitro. Recombinant irisin was injected directly into the tail vein 30 min after the MCAO operation, and then the effects of irisin treatment on brain infarct volume, neurological deficit, neuroinflammation, microglia activation, monocyte infiltration, oxidative stress and intracellular signaling pathway activation (Akt and ERK1/2) were measured. Irisin was also administered in cultured PC12 neuronal cells with oxygen and glucose deprivation (OGD). Finally, to assess the potential involvement of irisin in the neuroprotection of physical exercise, mice were exercised for 2 weeks and an irisin neutralizing antibody was injected into these mice to block irisin 1 h before the MCAO operation. Results The plasma irisin concentration and intramuscular FNDC5 protein expression decreased after ischemic stroke. Plasma irisin levels were negatively associated with brain infarct volume, the neurological deficit score, plasma TNF-α and plasma IL-6 concentrations. In OGD neuronal cells, irisin protected against cell injury. In mice with MCAO, irisin treatment reduced the brain infarct volume, neurological deficits, brain edema and the decline in body weight. Irisin treatment inhibited activation of Iba-1+ microglia, infiltration of MPO-1+ monocytes and expression of both TNF-α and IL-6 mRNA. Irisin significantly suppressed the levels of nitrotyrosine, superoxide anion and 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE) in peri-infarct brain tissues. Irisin treatment increased Akt and ERK1/2 phosphorylation, while blockade of Akt and ERK1/2 by specific inhibitors reduced the neuroprotective effects of irisin. Finally, the exercised mice injected with irisin neutralizing antibody displayed more severe neuronal injury than the exercised mice injected with control IgG. Conclusion Irisin reduces ischemia-induced neuronal injury via activation of the Akt and ERK1/2 signaling pathways and contributes to the neuroprotective effect of physical exercise against cerebral ischemia, suggesting that irisin may be a factor linking metabolism and cardio-cerebrovascular diseases. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Adenosine receptors: Modulators of lipid availability that are controlled by lipid levels; Adenosine as well as agonists and antagonists for the four adenosine receptor subtypes (A1R, A2AR, A2BR and A3R) play a role in several key physiological and pathophysiological processes, including the regulation of vascular tone, thrombosis, immune response, inflammation, and angiogenesis. This review focuses on the adenosine-mediated regulation of lipid availability in the cell and in the systemic circulation as well in humans and animal models. Therefore, adenosine, mainly by acting on A1R, inhibits lipolysis activity, leading to reduction of the circulating fatty acid levels. This nucleoside can also participate in the early development of atherosclerosis by inhibiting the formation of foam cells via stimulation of cholesterol efflux through A2AR expressed on macrophages and reduction of the inflammatory process by activating A2AR and A2BR. Adenosine also appears to modulate intracellular cholesterol availability in Niemann-Pick type C1 disease and Alzheimer disease via A2AR and A3, respectively. Remarkably, the role of adenosine receptors in the regulation of plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride levels has been studied in animal models. Thus, an anti-atherogenic role for A2BR as well as a pro-atherogenic role of A2AR and A1 have been proposed; A3R has not been shown to participate in the control of lipid levels or the development of atherosclerosis. Surprisingly, and despite the role of A2A in the inhibition of foam cell formation among isolated cells, this receptor appears to be pro-atherogenic in mice. Remarkably, the role of adenosine receptors in human dyslipidaemia and atherosclerosis must to be elucidated. Additionally, it has been reported that increased lipid levels impair the effects of adenosine/adenosine receptors in controlling vascular tone, and we speculate on the possibility that this impairment could be due to alterations in the composition of the membrane microdomains where the adenosine receptors are located. Finally, a possible role for adenosine/adenosine receptors in the phenomena of dyslipidaemia in pregnancy has been proposed. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics'2017 Update: A Report from the American Heart Association; Each year, the American Heart Association (AHA), in conjunction with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Institutes of Health, and other government agencies, brings together in a single document the most upto-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and the factors in the AHA's Life's Simple 7 (Figure1), which include core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity [PA], diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure [BP], and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policy makers, media professionals, clinicians, healthcare administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and stroke produce immense health and economic burdens in the United States and globally. The Update also presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure (HF), valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral arterial disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). Since 2006, the annual versions of the Statistical Update have been cited >20000 times in the literature. In 2015 alone, the various Statistical Updates were cited '4000 times. © 2017 American Heart Association, Inc.
Epigenetic modifications and gestational diabetes: A Systematic review of published literature; Objective: To summarize the current knowledge on epigenetic alterations in mother and offspring subjected to gestational diabetes (GDM) and indicate future topics for research. Design: Systematic review. Methods: We performed extensive searches in PubMed, EMBASE and Google scholar, using a combination of the search terms: GDM, gestational diabetes, epigenetic(s), methylation, histone modification, histone methylation, histone acetylation, microRNA and miRNA. Studies that compared women diagnosed with GDM and healthy controls were included. Two authors independently scanned the abstracts, and all included papers were read by at least two authors. The searches were completed on October 31st, 2016. Results: We identified 236 articles, of which 43 were considered relevant for this systematic review. Studies published showed that epigenetic alterations could be found in both mothers with GDM and their offspring. However, differences in methodology, diagnostic criteria for GDM and populations studied, together with a limited number of published studies and small sample sizes, preclude clear conclusions about the role of epigenetic modifications in transmitting risk from GDM mothers to their offspring. Conclusion: The current research literature suggests that GDM may have impact on epigenetic modifications in the mother and offspring. However, larger studies that include multiple cohorts of GDM patients and their offspring are needed.
Cardiometabolic Risks in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Non-Traditional Risk Factors and the Impact of Obesity; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common and complex endocrinopathy with reproductive, metabolic, and psychological features and significantly increased cardiometabolic risks. PCOS is underpinned by inherent insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism. Obesity, more common in PCOS, plays an important role in the pathophysiology, exacerbating hyperinsulinaemia and hyperandrogenism, leading to recommended first-line lifestyle intervention. Significant traditional and non-traditional risk factors are implicated in PCOS in addition to obesity-exacerbated cardiometabolic risks and are explored in this review to promote the understanding of this common metabolic and reproductive condition. © 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Caring for women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder affecting reproductive-age women. PCOS causes hyperandrogenism and anovulation and increases the risk of multiple health conditions including infertility, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. This article outlines current recommendations for diagnostic testing, treatment options, and holistic care of the woman with PCOS. © 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Developmental programming of insulin resistance; According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diabetes is on a global scale affecting approximately 300 million people, and the prevalence of diabetes is increasing worldwide, constituting a major threat to human health as the predictable global increase is as high as 35% (Shaw et al. 2010; Wild et al. 2004). Type 2 diabetes (T2D) accounts for more than 90% of all diabetes cases (Zimmet et al. 2001). The pathophysiology of T2D involves multiple metabolic alterations and is characterized by peripheral (muscle) insulin resistance, hepatic insulin resistance, and impaired insulin secretion from the pancreatic β-cells (DeFronzo 2004). However, the order of their occurrence and the relative impact of these defects on glucose metabolism in T2D are controversial and may depend on the dominant underlying etiology. However, T2D is a multifactorial disease occurring as a result of a complicated interplay between genetic and both prenatal and postnatal environmental factors that influence several different aspects of glucose homeostasis (Defronzo 1992; Kahn 1986, 2003; Beck-Nielsen and Groop 1994). Familial aggregation of T2D has been widely demonstrated (Groop 1996; Bennett 1999; Lillioja et al. 1987), and a higher concordance rate for T2D has been found in monozygotic as compared to dizygotic twin pairs (Poulsen et al. 1999). Genome-wide association (GWA) studies 220have recently identified a number of novel T2D susceptibility genes; however, only up to 10% of the risk of T2D can be explained by these genes (Zeggini et al. 2008; Lango et al. 2008; Ahlqvist et al. 2011). The high prevalence of T2D and obesity in developing countries, where populations have experienced migration from rural areas to urban city life, suggests that environmental factors related to a westernized lifestyle are involved (Zimmet et al. 2001; Zimmet 1999). Interaction between genetic and nongenetic factors responsible for the development of T2D may be complex and involve epigenetic factors (Ling et al. 2007). The increased risk of insulin resistance and T2D that is associated with low birth weight (LBW) has been suggested to result from altered gene regulation patterns due to epigenetic modifications of fetal developmental genes as well as additional postnatal environmental stress factors (Woo and Patti 2008). © 2017 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Ovarian hormones and obesity; BACKGROUND: Obesity is caused by an imbalance between energy intake, i.e. eating and energy expenditure (EE). Severe obesity is more prevalent in women than men worldwide, and obesity pathophysiology and the resultant obesity-related disease risks differ in women and men. The underlying mechanisms are largely unknown. Pre-clinical and clinical research indicate that ovarian hormones may play a major role.OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: We systematically reviewed the clinical and pre-clinical literature on the effects of ovarian hormones on the physiology of adipose tissue (AT) and the regulation of AT mass by energy intake and EE.SEARCH METHODS: Articles in English indexed in PubMed through January 2016 were searched using keywords related to: (i) reproductive hormones, (ii) weight regulation and (iii) central nervous system. We sought to identify emerging research foci with clinical translational potential rather than to provide a comprehensive review.OUTCOMES: We find that estrogens play a leading role in the causes and consequences of female obesity. With respect to adiposity, estrogens synergize with AT genes to increase gluteofemoral subcutaneous AT mass and decrease central AT mass in reproductive-age women, which leads to protective cardiometabolic effects. Loss of estrogens after menopause, independent of aging, increases total AT mass and decreases lean body mass, so that there is little net effect on body weight. Menopause also partially reverses women's protective AT distribution. These effects can be counteracted by estrogen treatment. With respect to eating, increasing estrogen levels progressively decrease eating during the follicular and peri-ovulatory phases of the menstrual cycle. Progestin levels are associated with eating during the luteal phase, but there does not appear to be a causal relationship. Progestins may increase binge eating and eating stimulated by negative emotional states during the luteal phase. Pre-clinical research indicates that one mechanism for the pre-ovulatory decrease in eating is a central action of estrogens to increase the satiating potency of the gastrointestinal hormone cholecystokinin. Another mechanism involves a decrease in the preference for sweet foods during the follicular phase. Genetic defects in brain α-melanocycte-stimulating hormone-melanocortin receptor (melanocortin 4 receptor, MC4R) signaling lead to a syndrome of overeating and obesity that is particularly pronounced in women and in female animals. The syndrome appears around puberty in mice with genetic deletions of MC4R, suggesting a role of ovarian hormones. Emerging functional brain-imaging data indicates that fluctuations in ovarian hormones affect eating by influencing striatal dopaminergic processing of flavor hedonics and lateral prefrontal cortex processing of cognitive inhibitory controls of eating. There is a dearth of research on the neuroendocrine control of eating after menopause. There is also comparatively little research on the effects of ovarian hormones on EE, although changes in ovarian hormone levels during the menstrual cycle do affect resting EE.WIDER IMPLICATIONS: The markedly greater obesity burden in women makes understanding the diverse effects of ovarian hormones on eating, EE and body adiposity urgent research challenges. A variety of research modalities can be used to investigate these effects in women, and most of the mechanisms reviewed are accessible in animal models. Therefore, human and translational research on the roles of ovarian hormones in women's obesity and its causes should be intensified to gain further mechanistic insights that may ultimately be translated into novel anti-obesity therapies and thereby improve women's health. © The Author 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Developmental origins of NAFLD: A womb with a clue; Changes in the maternal environment leading to an altered intrauterine milieu can result in subtle insults to the fetus, promoting increased lifetime disease risk and/or disease acceleration in childhood and later in life. Particularly worrisome is that the prevalence of NAFLD is rapidly increasing among children and adults, and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages, pointing towards an early-life origin. A wealth of evidence, in humans and non-human primates, suggests that maternal nutrition affects the placenta and fetal tissues, leading to persistent changes in hepatic metabolism, mitochondrial function, the intestinal microbiota, liver macrophage activation and susceptibility to NASH postnatally. Deleterious exposures in utero include fetal hypoxia, increased nutrient supply, inflammation and altered gut microbiota that might produce metabolic clues, including fatty acids, metabolites, endotoxins, bile acids and cytokines, which prime the infant liver for NAFLD in a persistent manner and increase susceptibility to NASH. Mechanistic links to early disease pathways might involve shifts in lipid metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, pioneering gut microorganisms, macrophage programming and epigenetic changes that alter the liver microenvironment, favouring liver injury. In this Review, we discuss how maternal, fetal, neonatal and infant exposures provide developmental clues and mechanisms to help explain NAFLD acceleration and increased disease prevalence. Mechanisms identified in clinical and preclinical models suggest important opportunities for prevention and intervention that could slow down the growing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Lipocalin-2: A Master Mediator of Intestinal and Metabolic Inflammation; Lipocalin-2 (LCN2), also known as neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), is released by various cell types and is an attractive biomarker of inflammation, ischemia, infection, and kidney damage. Both intestinal and metabolic inflammation, as observed in obesity and related disorders, are associated with increased LCN2 synthesis. While LCN2 in the intestinal tract regulates the composition of the gut microbiota and shows anti-inflammatory activities, it also exhibits proinflammatory activities in other experimental settings. In animal models of metabolic inflammation, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), or nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), increased LCN2 expression favors inflammation via the recruitment of inflammatory cells, such as neutrophils, and the induction of proinflammatory cytokines. A better understanding of this crucial marker of innate immunity might pave the way for targeting this pathway in future therapies. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal and epigenetic factors that influence food intake and energy balance in offspring; It is well documented that maternal environment is a key regulator of offspring development. The thrifty phenotype hypothesis put forth by Hales and Barker in 1992 states that suboptimal nutrition in early life leads to adverse metabolic consequences in adulthood (Hales and Barker 1992, Locke et al. 2015). They went on to show that fetal nutrient restriction results in increased cardiovascular risk, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and elevated cholesterol (Barker et al. 1993, Fall et al. 1995, Hales et al. 1991). These studies resulted in the broader developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis, which encompasses the idea that early life environment can result in long-term changes to the offspring (Gluckman and Hanson 2004), independent of genetics. © 2017 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Vitamin E Co-Supplementation on Indices of Insulin Resistance and Hormonal Parameters in Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objective This study was conducted to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation on indices of insulin resistance and hormonal parameters in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods This randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was done on 68 women diagnosed with PCOS according to the Rotterdam criteria aged 18-40 years old. Participants were randomly assigned into 2 groups to receive either 1 000 mg omega-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil containing 400 mg α-Linolenic acid plus 400 IU vitamin E supplements (n=34) or placebo (n=34) for 12 weeks. Hormonal parameters were quantified at the beginning of the study and after 12-week intervention. Results After 12 weeks of intervention, compared to the placebo, omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in insulin (-1.0±3.5 vs. +2.7±6.6 μIU/mL, P=0.004), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (-0.2±0.8 vs. +0.6±1.5, P=0.005), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated B cell function (-4.3±14.3 vs. +10.5±24.5, P=0.004) and a significant increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.006±0.02 vs. -0.01±0.04, P=0.008). Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids plus vitamin E led to significant reductions in serum total testosterone (-0.5±0.7 vs. -0.1±0.5 ng/mL, P=0.008) and free testosterone (-1.2±2.1 vs. -0.2±1.7, P=0.04) compared to the placebo group. We did not observe any significant effect of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation on fasting plasma glucose and other hormonal profiles. Conclusions Omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation for 12 weeks in PCOS women significantly improved indices of insulin resistance, total and free testosterone. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart, New York.
Metabolic and cardiovascular actions of nesfatin-1: Implications in health and disease; Background: Metabolic homeostasis is achieved by proper functioning of a complex endocrine milieu, comprising of signals arising from the brain and peripheral tissues. Our knowledge of the factors regulating such balance is rapidly evolving, as new signaling molecules are being characterized. Of central interest is nesfatin-1, owing to its multifunctional tissue specific actions regulating food intake, body weight, blood glucose and cardiac functions. Method: This review discusses the tissue/system wide distribution and actions of nesfatin-1 in regulating metabolic and cardiovascular functions in healthy conditions and diseases. Results: Nesfatin-1 is an 82 amino acid peptide encoded in the secreted precursor, nucleobinin-2 (NUCB2). It was first reported as a novel anorexigen and a fat reducing orphan ligand. Research to date has established nesfatin-1 in the regulation of food intake via modulation of neuropeptides in the feeding centers of brain. Nesfatin-1 expression was also reported to have a spectrum of peripheral tissue specific actions, which includes insulin secretion (pancreas), fat and glucose modulation (adipocyte), gastric motility and gastric acid secretion (stomach), hormone secretion and transit time (intestine) and mean arterial pressure and cardiac injury (heart). Abnormal levels of nesfatin-1 in circulation and/or variations in tissue specific expression have been observed in obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Conclusion: The multifunctional biological actions of nesfatin-1 propelled this peptide as a therapeutic target, and as a potential biomarker of diseases. However, a better and comprehensive understanding of tissue specific effects of nesfatin-1 is critical prior to exploring its possible use in the detection and treatment of diseases. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Hepatic MiR-291b-3p Mediated Glucose Metabolism by Directly Targeting p65 to Upregulate PTEN Expression; Several studies have suggested an important role of miR-291b-3p in the development of embryonic stem cells. In previous study, we found that the expression of miR-291b-3p was significantly upregulated in the liver of db/db mice. However, the role of miR-291b-3p in glucose metabolism and its underlying mechanisms remain unknown. In the present study, we demonstrated that miR-291b-3p was abundantly expressed in the liver. Of note, hepatic miR-291b-3p expression was upregulated in HFD-fed mice and induced by fasting in C57BL/6 J normal mice. Importantly, hepatic inhibition miR-291b-3p expression ameliorated hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in HFD-fed mice, whereas hepatic overexpression of miR-291b-3p led to hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in C57BL/6 J normal mice. Further study revealed that miR-291b-3p suppressed insulin-stimulated AKT/GSK signaling and increased the expression of gluconeogenic genes in hepatocytes. Moreover, we identified that p65, a subunit of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB), is a target of miR-291b-3p by bioinformatics analysis and luciferase reporter assay. Silencing of p65 significantly augmented the expression of PTEN and impaired AKT activation. In conclusion, we found novel evidence suggesting that hepatic miR-291b-3p mediated glycogen synthesis and gluconeogenesis through targeting p65 to regulate PTEN expression. Our findings indicate the therapeutic potential of miR-291b-3p inhibitor in hyperglycemia and insulin resistance. © The Author(s) 2017.
The Fatty Liver Index (FLI) Relates to Diabetes-Specific Parameters and an Adverse Lipid Profile in a Cohort of Nondiabetic, Dyslipidemic Patients; Background: Patients with hyperlipidemia are at high risk for developing a fatty liver. The fatty liver index (FLI) is a noninvasive and well-established method for the estimation of a fatty liver. However, little is known about the metabolic characterization of nondiabetic treated patients with hyperlipidemia who have different risk levels for a fatty liver. Methods: In this study, 74 nondiabetic patients with hyperlipidemia were divided into 3 groups according to their fatty liver index. A comparison of metabolic characteristics was done. These characteristics included intima media thickness (IMT) and nutritional habits, which were further divided into FLI subgroups with low, intermediate, and high risk for a fatty liver. Results: Patients with hyperlipidemia, with a high risk for a fatty liver (FLI ≥ 60), had subclinical elevations in parameters of carbohydrate metabolism (insulin, fasting plasma glucose, C-peptide) including a higher insulin resistance (quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, QUICKI) compared to lower FLI groups. These patients also presented a higher risk for a metabolic syndrome (p = 0.018), as well as an adverse lipid profile (e.g., high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, triglycerides [TG]–HDL ratio). FLI group 3 was characterized by significantly lower levels of omega-3 fatty acids (p = 0.048). Conclusion: The fatty liver index relates to diabetes-specific parameters and an adverse lipid profile and is an appropriate index for risk evaluation of metabolic syndrome. © 2017 American College of Nutrition.
Association of serum chemerin concentrations with the presence of atrial fibrillation; Objective: Chemerin, a newly discovered adipokine, is correlated with hypertension, diabetes and coronary heart disease. The aim of this study is to investigate the association of serum chemerin concentrations with the presence of atrial fibrillation. Methods: Serum chemerin concentrations were determined in 256 patients with atrial fibrillation and 146 healthy subjects. Atrial fibrillation patients were then divided into paroxysmal, persistent and permanent atrial fibrillation. Results: Serum chemerin concentrations were significantly higher in atrial fibrillation patients compared with healthy controls. In subgroup studies, patients with permanent atrial fibrillation had higher serum chemerin concentrations than those with persistent and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Furthermore, significant higher serum chemerin concentrations were observed in persistent atrial fibrillation patients compared with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation subjects. Serum chemerin concentrations were associated with the presence of atrial fibrillation after logistic regression analysis. Pearson correlation analysis revealed a positive relation of serum chemerin concentrations with body mass index, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, C-reactive protein and left atrial diameter. Conclusion: Serum chemerin concentrations are associated with the presence of atrial fibrillation and atrial remodelling. © 2016, © The Author(s) 2016.
Metabolic syndrome and selenium during gestation and lactation; Purpose: Selenium (Se) has a dual role in metabolic syndrome (MS) development as it has an antioxidant action against both “good” and “bad” reactive oxygen species. This study evaluates Se body profile in dams which present MS during gestation and lactation, in order to elucidate a normal dietary Se’s implication in this pathology. Method: Rats were randomized into control (C) and fructose (F) groups. The rich fructose diet (65 %) during gestation and lactation periods induced MS in dams. Se body distribution was determined by atomic absorption spectrophotometry, and the hepatic activity of the four antioxidant enzymes and the bimolecular oxidation were determined by spectrophotometry. The cardiac activity was monitored using the indirect tail occlusion method. Lipid and glucidic profile was also analyzed. Results: Despite the fact that the diet supplied has 0.1 ppm of Se, the minimal dietary requirement for rats, F dams ate less amount of food, and therefore, they had lower Se retention. However, they had normal levels of Se in serum and milk. Dams with MS had Se depletion in heart and muscle joint to hypertension and a lower heart rate, and Se repletion in liver and kidney. Despite the increase in hepatic glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and catalase activity found, lipid oxidation occurred—probably because superoxide dismutase activity was diminished. In heart, the activity and expression of the selenoprotein GPx1 were decreased. Conclusion: With these results, it is not possible to elucidate whether a dietary Se supplementation or a Se-restricted diet are good for MS; because despite the fact that GPx activity is increased in liver, it is also found, for the first time, that heart Se deposits are significantly decreased during MS. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Challenges related to glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease with long-term complications. Glycemic control is an important part in management of DM. The first line in treatment of type 2 DM (T2DM) is diet and life style change. Metformin is the first choice of medication in T2DM patients. Sulfonylureas have high risk of hypoglycemia. Glinides are associated with lower risk of hypoglycemia in comparison to sulfonylureas. Also, α-glucosidase inhibitors decrease the polysaccharides' digestion in small intestine and are less effective in comparison to metformin and sulfonylureas in lowering hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). These have no risk for hypoglycemia, but gastrointestinal symptoms are common. Thiazolidinediones are known as insulin sensitizers and are effective for a longer duration in comparison to sulfonylureas, however, have side effects such as fluid retention, edema and heart failure. Incretin mimetics including exenatide and liraglutide act through increase in insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells, in a glucose-dependent manner. Therefore, these are associated with no risk of hypoglycemia. Pramlintide is an amylin agonist which is also effective in lowering postprandial blood glucose. Sitagliptin and vildagliptin are dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and have no risk of hypoglycemia when used as monotherapy. Canagliflozin and dapagliflozin decrease blood glucose level by increasing urinary glucose excretion and are associated with weight loss. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Markers of Oxidative Stress in Human Milk do not Differ by Maternal BMI But are Related to Infant Growth Trajectories; Objective Obesity in adults is associated with inflammation and oxidative stress. Whether or not this phenotype is reflected in human milk (HM) composition, or may impact infant growth remains unknown. We investigated whether HM from overweight/obese (OW/Ob) mothers exhibited higher concentrations of inflammatory cytokines and markers of oxidative stress. We also correlated these bioactive components with infant growth patterns. Methods This was an observational cohort of 56 breastfeeding mothers and their infants [33 normal weight (NW) and 23 OW/Ob]. Infants were followed until 6 months of age and HM collected at 2-weeks and 4-months. Results Markers of oxidative stress, 8-hydroxy-deoxyguanosine (8OHdG) and 4-hydroxynonenol (HNE), decreased in HM over time (p < 0.001) and did not differ between NW and OW/Ob women. Concentrations of inflammatory cytokines, IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-α, were all inter-correlated (p < 0.001) but did not differ between NW and OW/Ob women. HM fat, protein, lactose, and total calories did not differ between NW and OW/Ob women. Infant growth patterns did not differ by group. In a model of infant weight-for-length-Z score trajectory, there was a significant interaction between both lactose and 8OHdG with maternal group: HM lactose and 8OHdG concentrations were both positively associated with increases in WLZ trajectory only among infants breastfed by OW/Ob mothers. Conclusions for Practice HM composition was relatively stable between NW and OW/Ob women. In exclusively breastfed infants, HM concentrations of lactose and 8OHdG, a marker of oxidative stress, may contribute to regulation of infant weight gain, especially among infants of OW/Ob women. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Prepartal overfeeding alters the lipidomic profiles in the liver and the adipose tissue of transition dairy cows; Introduction: Physiological adaptations in the energy metabolism of dairy cows during the periparturient period are partly mediated by insulin resistance (IR), which may subsequently induce metabolic disorders postpartum. The molecular mechanisms underlying IR in dairy cows are largely unknown. Objective: This study aimed to find a novel insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying IR in dairy cows during the periparturient period by analyzing the effects of prepartal overfeeding on the lipidomic profiles in the liver and adipose tissue (AT). Methods: Sixteen cows were allocated to controlled-energy and high-energy feeding groups. Lipidomic profiling was conducted on liver and adipose tissue samples collected at 8 days prior to the predicted parturition, and 1 day (only AT) and 9 days after the actual parturition. Results: Five ceramides (Cers) were identified to be significantly increased by prepartal overfeeding in AT in the analysis of the variance between groups within time points. Principal component-linear discriminant analysis showed that lipidomic profiles between the feeding groups were mainly characterized by phosphatidylcholines (PC), phosphatidylethanolamines (PE), lysophophosphatidylcholines (LysoPC), and lysophosphatidylethanolamines (LysoPE) in the liver, and by Cer, PE, and phosphatidylinositols (PI) in AT. Lipid class levels indicated that prepartal overfeeding elevated the concentration of PE, PI, LysoPC, LysoPE, and sphingomyelin in the liver, and increased the concentration of Cer in AT during the periparturient period. Conclusion: Prepartal overfeeding significantly altered the concentrations of various sphingolipids, phospholipids, and lysophospholipids in the liver and AT of dairy cows during the periparturient period. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Association between osteocalcin gamma-carboxylation and insulin resistance in overweight and obese postmenopausal women; Aim In mice, osteocalcin (OCN) acts as a bone-derived hormone promoting insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. In that species, OCN endocrine action is inhibited when its first glutamic acid residue (Glu13) is γ-carboxylated (Gla). The importance of this posttranslational modification for OCN function in human is still unclear. Our objectives were to identify an assay to assess γ-carboxylation of human OCN on its first Glu residue (Glu17) and to test its association with insulin resistance and inflammation profile in overweight women. Methods Several ELISAs were tested to determine their specificity toward various forms of human OCN. Associations between OCN γ-carboxylation and determinants of glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, liver function and subclinical inflammation were then investigated in 129 non-diabetic overweight and obese postmenopausal women. Results We identified assays allowing the measurement of total OCN (tOCN) and the ratio of Gla17/tOCN. Circulating Gla17/tOCN levels correlated negatively with insulin sensitivity assessed by hyperinsulinemic-euglyceamic clamp (P = 0.02) or insulin sensitivity index derived from oral glucose tolerance test (P = 0.00003), and positively with insulin resistance assessed by HOMA-IR (P = 0.0005) and with markers of subclinical inflammation and liver enzymes, including C-reactive protein (CRP; P = 0.007) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST; P = 0.009). Conclusions γ-carboxylation of OCN on Glu17 residue correlates with insulin resistance and subclinical inflammation, suggesting that γ-carboxylation of OCN negatively regulates its endocrine action in humans. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of Long-Term Vitamin D Supplementation on Regression and Metabolic Status of Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; We are not aware of any study examining the effects of long term vitamin D administration on regression and metabolic status of patients with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 1 (CIN1). This study was performed to evaluate the effects of long-term vitamin D administration on regression and metabolic status of patients with CIN1. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was performed among 58 women diagnosed with CIN1. CIN1 diagnosis was performed based on specific diagnostic procedures of biopsy, pathological diagnosis, and colposcopy. Patients were randomly allocated into two groups to take 50,000 IU vitamin D3 supplements (n = 29) or placebo (n = 29) every 2 weeks for 6 months. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning of the study and end-of-trial to measure related markers. After 6 months of vitamin D administration, greater percentage of women in the vitamin D group had regressed CIN1 (84.6 vs. 53.8%, P = 0.01) than those in the placebo group. Long-term vitamin D supplementation increased serum-25(OH) vitamin D levels in the intervention group compared to the placebo group (+12.3 ± 11.4 vs. -0.1 ± 3.7 ng/mL, P < 0.001). In addition, vitamin D intake led to significant decreases in serum insulin levels (−5.3 ± 7.3 vs. +2.4 ± 5.9 μIU/mL, P < 0.001), homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (−1.2 ± 1.6 vs. +0.5 ± 1.2, P < 0.001), homeostatic model assessment-Beta cell function (P = 0.005) and a significant elevation in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.03 ± 0.04 vs. -0.007 ± 0.02, P < 0.001) compared with the placebo group. Additionally, significant increases in plasma nitric oxide (NO) (+15.5 ± 10.3 vs. +4.0 ± 13.4 μmol/L, P = 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (P = 0.04), total glutathione (GSH) (+11.8 ± 153.5 vs. -294.2 ± 595.1 μmol/L, P = 0.01) and a significant reduction in plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (−0.8 ± 1.0 vs. -0.03 ± 1.4 μmol/L, P = 0.03) were observed following the administration of vitamin D supplements compared with the placebo group. In conclusion, vitamin D3 administration for 6 months among women with CIN1 resulted in its regression and had beneficial effects on markers of insulin metabolism, plasma NO, TAC, GSH and MDA levels. Clinical trial registration numberwww.irct.ir: IRCT201412065623N30. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Adult Consequences of Extremely Preterm Birth: Cardiovascular and Metabolic Diseases Risk Factors, Mechanisms, and Prevention Avenues; Extremely preterm babies are exposed to various sources of injury during critical stages of development. The extremely preterm infant faces premature transition to ex utero physiology and undergoes adaptive mechanisms that may be deleterious in the long term because of permanent alterations in organ structure and function. Perinatal events can also directly cause structural injury. These disturbances induce morphologic and functional changes in their organ systems that might heighten their risks for later adult chronic diseases. This review examines the pathophysiology of programming of long-term health and diseases after preterm birth and associated perinatal risk factors. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
The effects of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation on gene expression of lipoprotein(a) and oxidized low-density lipoprotein, lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; This study was conducted to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation on gene expression of lipoprotein(a) (Lp[a]) and oxidized low-density lipoprotein (Ox-LDL), lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). This randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was done on 68 women diagnosed with PCOS according to the Rotterdam criteria aged 18–40 years old. Participants were randomly assigned into two groups to receive either 1000 mg omega-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil containing 400 mg α-Linolenic acid plus 400 IU vitamin E supplements (n = 34) or placebo (n = 34) for 12 weeks. Lp(a) and Ox-LDL mRNA levels were quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of PCOS women with RT-PCR method. Lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress were quantified at the beginning of the study and after 12-week intervention. Quantitative results of RT-PCR demonstrated that compared with the placebo, omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation downregulated expressed levels of Lp(a) mRNA (P < 0.001) and Ox-LDL mRNA (P < 0.001) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of women with PCOS. In addition, compared to the placebo group, omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in serum triglycerides (−22.1 ± 22.3 vs. +7.7 ± 23.6 mg/dL, P < 0.001), VLDL- (−4.4 ± 4.5 vs. +1.5 ± 4.7 mg/dL, P < 0.001), total- (−20.3 ± 16.6 vs. +12.2 ± 26.1 mg/dL, P < 0.001), LDL- (−16.7 ± 15.3 vs. +11.9 ± 26.1 mg/dL, P < 0.001) and total-/HDL-cholesterol (−0.5 ± 0.6 vs. +0.4 ± 0.8, P < 0.001). There were a significant increase in plasma total antioxidant capacity (+89.4 ± 108.9 vs. +5.9 ± 116.2 mmol/L, P = 0.003) and a significant decrease in malondialdehyde levels (−0.3 ± 0.4 vs. -0.008 ± 0.6 μmol/L, P = 0.01) by combined omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E intake compared with the placebo group. Overall, omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation for 12 weeks in PCOS women significantly improved gene expression of Lp(a) and Ox-LDL, lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd
Cinnamaldehyde potentially attenuates gestational hyperglycemia in rats through modulation of PPARγ, proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress; Cinnamon has a history of use for medicinal purposes and its major benefits have been linked to cinnamaldehyde. The present study aimed to investigate the hypoglycemic action of cinnamaldehyde against fatty-sucrosed diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ)-rat model of gestational diabetes. Female albino rats were divided into three groups. Group I fed with normal diet (ND) while group II and III were fed with FSD for eight weeks (five weeks pre-gestational and three weeks gestational). Rats of group III were administered with a daily oral dose of 20 mg/kg cinnamaldehyde one week before mating onward. At the 7th day of gestation, FSD-fed rats were injected intraperitoneally with STZ (25 mg/kg b.wt.) to induce gestational diabetes. Pre-mating treatment of cinnamaldehyde controls hyperphagia and glucose intolerance during the gestational period than in diabetic rats. It also reduced levels of fructosamine, total cholesterols, triglycerides, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), malondialdehyde (MDA) and nitric oxide (NO), while it significantly increased levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, adiponectin, liver glycogen, reduced glutathione (GSH) and catalase activity at term pregnancy. In addition, cinnamaldehyde administration up-regulated the mRNA expression of peroxisome proliferated activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ) and also ameliorated the number of viable fetuses, implantation loss sites, fetal glucose and insulin levels. In conclusion, cinnamaldehyde has safe hypoglycemic action on gestational diabetes by potentiating insulin secretion and sensitivity through activating the antioxidant defense system, suppressing pro-inflammatory cytokines production, upregulating PPARγ gene expression and alleviating the reproductive performance. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Plasma from pre-pubertal obese children impairs insulin stimulated Nitric Oxide (NO) bioavailability in endothelial cells: Role of ER stress; Childhood obesity is commonly associated with early signs of endothelial dysfunction, characterized by impairment of insulin signaling and vascular Nitric Oxide (NO) availability. However, the underlying mechanisms remain to be established. Hence, we tested the hypothesis that endothelial insulin-stimulated NO production and availability was impaired and related to Endoplasmic Reticulum (ER) in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) cultured with plasma obtained from pre-pubertal obese (OB) children. OB children (N = 28, age: 8.8 ± 2.2; BMI z-score: 2.15 ± 0.39) showed impaired fasting glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR than normal weight children (CTRL; N = 28, age: 8.8 ± 1.7; BMI z-score: 0.17 ± 0.96). The in vitro experiments showed that OB-plasma significantly impaired endothelial insulin-stimulated NO production and bioavailability compared to CTRL-plasma. In parallel, in HUVECs OB-plasma increased GRP78 and activated PERK, eIF2α, IkBα and ATF6 (all ER stress markers). Moreover, OB-plasma increased NF-κB activation and its nuclear translocation. Notably, all these effects proved to be significantly restored by using PBA and TUDCA, known ER stress inhibitors. Our study demonstrate for the first time that plasma from obese children is able to induce in vitro endothelial insulin resistance, which is characterized by reduced insulin-stimulated NO production and bioavailability, endothelial ER stress and increased NF-κB activation. © 2017 The Authors
Venesection is an effective non-pharmacological treatment for patients with high serum ferritin type 2 diabetes; Aims/Hypothesis Previous studies have associated serum ferritin levels with type 2 diabetes, so it's well recognised that there is a subset of patients with type 2 diabetes and also with elevated serum ferritin. The aim of this pilot study was to test whether venesection is a viable treatment option for patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods Four cases with elevated serum ferritin and type 2 diabetes were subjected to monthly venesection for 3–9 months, and monitored 3 monthly for serum ferritin and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). Results In all four cases, serum ferritin was dramatically reduced, and the HbA1c was reduced in all but one case, which was a diet-only controlled patient with diabetes and had near normal HbA1c. In two cases, HbA1c was reduced by 2–3% units (22–33 mmol/mol), making it superior to any current medication. Conclusions/Interpretation Venesection was used here successfully with oral pharmacotherapy, thereby avoiding the use of insulin. Findings of this study may provide clinicians a powerful new tool to intervene in the pathological process of type 2 diabetes by a very simple manoeuvre - venesection. These results need to be repeated and validated in a larger trial as a priority. © 2016 The Authors
Early life nutrition, epigenetics, and later cardiometabolic health; Cardiometabolic disease arises from a complex interaction between many factors, including genetic, physiologic, behavioral, and environmental influences. The increases in rates of metabolic disorders over recent years suggest that genetics may play a relatively minor role, with increasing evidence for environmental (e.g., epigenetic) and behavioral effects, underpinning the present disease epidemic. In particular, alterations in the early-life nutritional environment (spanning the periconceptional period through to infancy) are now well established to result in a “programmed” predisposition to a range of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in later life. In this context (preferentially termed the “developmental origins of health and disease or “DOHaD”), it has been shown in both human cohorts and experimental animal models that a range of altered early-life nutritional environments, including both under- and overnutrition, can lead to cardiometabolic disorders in offspring. Further, these effects can be amplified by the postnatal nutritional environment and also can be transmitted across generations, thus leading to cycle of disease. Although the mechanisms are not fully defined, this programming was initially considered an irreversible change in developmental trajectory. However, it has now been shown that, at least in pre-clinical models, programmed metabolic disorders are potentially reversible by nutritional or targeted therapeutic interventions during critical periods of development. Given that fixed genomic variation may only explain a small proportion of disease risk, there is an increasing interest in the role of epigenetics. As an example, epigenetic gene promoter methylation at birth has been associated with later adiposity in childhood. These findings suggest that a substantial component of disease risk may have a prenatal developmental basis and perinatal epigenetic analysis may therefore have utility in identifying individual vulnerability to later cardiometabolic disease. © 2018 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Metformin; a review of its history and future: from lilac to longevity; Metformin is a widely prescribed medication that has been used to treat children with type 2 diabetes in the United States for the past 15 years. Metformin now has a variety of clinical applications in pediatrics, and its potential clinical uses continue to expand. In addition to reviewing the current understanding of its mechanisms of action including the newly discovered effects on the gastrointestinal tract, we will also discuss current clinical uses in pediatrics, including in type 1 diabetes. Finally, we examine the existing state of monitoring for metformin efficacy and side effects and discuss prospective future clinical uses. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Urinary metabolomics analysis identifies key biomarkers of different stages of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; AIM: To identify a panel of biomarkers that can distinguish between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and explore molecular mechanism involved in the process of developing NASH from NAFLD. METHODS: Biomarkers may differ during stages of NAFLD. Urine and blood were obtained from non-diabetic subjects with NAFLD and steatosis, with normal liver function (n = 33), from patients with NASH, with abnormal liver function (n = 45), and from healthy age and sex-matched controls (n = 30). Samples were subjected to metabolomic analysis to identify potential non-invasive biomarkers. Differences in urinary metabolic profiles were analyzed using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry with principal component analysis and partial least squares-discriminate analysis. RESULTS: Compared with NAFLD patients, patients with NASH had abnormal liver function and high serum lipid concentrations. Urinary metabonomics found differences in 31 metabolites between these two groups, including differences in nucleic acids and amino acids. Pathway analysis based on overlapping metabolites showed that pathways of energy and amino acid metabolism, as well as the pentose phosphate pathway, were closely associated with pathological processes in NAFLD and NASH. CONCLUSION: These findings suggested that a panel of biomarkers could distinguish between NAFLD and NASH, and could help to determine the molecular mechanism involved in the process of developing NASH from NAFLD. Urinary biomarkers may be diagnostic in these patients and could be used to assess responses to therapeutic interventions. © The Author(s) 2017. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
A story of metformin-butyrate synergism to control various pathological conditions as a consequence of gut microbiome modification: Genesis of a wonder drug?; The most widely prescribed oral anti-diabetic agent today in the world today is a member of the biguanide class of drugs called metformin. Apart from its use in diabetes, it is currently being investigated for its potential use in many diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, Alzheimer's disease, obesity, comorbidities of diabetes such as retinopathy, nephropathy to name a few. Numerous in-vitro and in-vivo studies as well as clinical trials have been and are being conducted with a vast amount of literature being published every day. Numerous mechanisms for this drug have been proposed, but they have been unable to explain all the actions observed clinically. It is of interest that insulin has a stimulatory effect on cellular growth. Metformin sensitizes the insulin action but believed to be beneficial in cancer. Like -wise metformin is shown to have beneficial effects in opposite sets of pathological scenario looking from insulin sensitization point of view. This requires a comprehensive review of the disease conditions which are claimed to be affected by metformin therapy. Such a comprehensive review is presently lacking. In this review, we begin by examining the history of metformin before it became the most popular anti-diabetic medication today followed by a review of its relevant molecular mechanisms and important clinical trials in all areas where metformin has been studied and investigated till today. We also review novel mechanistic insight in metformin action in relation to microbiome and elaborate implications of such aspect in various disease states. Finally, we highlight the quandaries and suggest potential solutions which will help the researchers and physicians to channel their research and put this drug to better use. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Metabolic effects of inflammation on vitamin A and carotenoids in humans and animal models; The association between inflammation and vitamin A (VA) metabolism and status assessment has been documented in multiple studies with animals and humans. The relation between inflammation and carotenoid status is less clear. Nonetheless, it is well known that carotenoids are associated with certain health benefits. Understanding these relations is key to improving health outcomes and mortality risk in infants and young children. Hyporetinolemia, i.e., low serum retinol concentrations, occurs during inflammation, and this can lead to the misdiagnosis of VA deficiency. On the other hand, inflammation causes impaired VA absorption and urinary losses that can precipitate VA deficiency in at-risk groups of children. Many epidemiologic studies have suggested that high dietary carotenoid intake and elevated plasma concentrations are correlated with a decreased risk of several chronic diseases; however, large-scale carotenoid supplementation trials have been unable to confirm the health benefits and in some cases resulted in controversial results. However, it has been documented that dietary carotenoids and retinoids play important roles in innate and acquired immunity and in the body's response to inflammation. Although animal models have been useful in investigating retinoid effects on developmental immunity, it is more challenging to tease out the effects of carotenoids because of differences in the absorption, kinetics, and metabolism between humans and animal models. The current understanding of the relations between inflammation and retinoid and carotenoid metabolism and status are the topics of this review. © 2017. American Society for Nutrition.
Selenoprotein P is elevated in individuals with obesity, but is not independently associated with insulin resistance; Selenoprotein P (SeP) is secreted primarily by the liver and postulated to cause insulin resistance. The aim of this study was to measure plasma SeP in individuals who are lean (N = 29) or overweight/obese (N = 34), and examine relationships between circulating SeP, SEPP1 (SeP, plasma 1) expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue, and markers of insulin resistance. SeP was higher in individuals who were overweight/obese (P < 0.001), and associated with insulin resistance by HOMA-IR and by clamp, but not independently of BMI. SEPP1 mRNA was correlated negatively with BMI, suggesting there may be tissue specific regulation. This study suggests that obesity, rather than insulin resistance, is central to the increase in SeP. © 2016
Progranulin, a new adipokine at the crossroads of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, dyslipidemia and hypertension; BACKGROUND: Progranulin is a multifunctional regulatory protein with growth-promoting, neuroprotective and antiinflammatory activities. Recent studies indicate that progranulin is one of the adipose tissue hormones (adipokines). Progranulin expression in visceral adipose tissue and circulating progranulin concentration are increased in obesity and hyperprogranulinemia is involved in the pathogenesis of obesity-associated insulin resistance. Progranulin impairs insulin signaling and reduces insulin-induced glucose uptake both in vitro and in vivo whereas progranulin deficiency protects from high fat diet-induced insulin resistance. Several studies, including some prospective ones, have demonstrated the association between high progranulin and type 2 diabetes and its complications such as nephro- and retinopathy as well as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. It is quite well established that progranulin contributes to insulin resistance and resulting deterioration of carbohydrate metabolism. In addition, progranulin may be associated with the development of diabetic microangiopathy, fatty liver disease and possibly with the increased risk of cancer in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. On the other hand, progranulin augments vasorelaxation, inhibits inflammatory reaction, is neuroprotective and reduces ischemiareperfusion injury. CONCLUSION: Progranulin has both detrimental and beneficial effects. More clinical studies including prospective ones are needed to clarify the role of progranulin in obesity-associated pathologies such as diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hypertension and atherosclerosis. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Saturated fatty acids recognition by the CD14-TLR4-MD2 complex may engage in the presurgical anxiety-induced persistent postsurgical pain; It has been proved that presurgical anxiety can induce the development and progression of persistent postsurgical pain through elevating circulating corticosterone levels and activating the glucocorticoids receptor. Under stressful circumstances, the concentration of blood saturated fatty acids (SFAs) increases rapidly to provide enough ATP for individuals’ survival owing to stress hormones such as glucocorticoid, catecholamine and glucagon. It is reported that SFAs can trigger an inflammatory response through CD14-TLR4-MD2 complex. The role of TLR4 and its downstream signaling pathway has been confirmed in the pathogenesis of cancer pain and inflammatory pain. Furthermore, a newly clinical research uncovers that the children with recurrent abdominal pain, which is triggered by early psychosomatic stress, have higher levels of SFAs than healthy individuals. We therefore put forward the hypothesis that the elevated level of SFAs induced by stress hormones may be engaged in the presurgical anxiety-induced persistent postsurgical pain. If established, it's of important clinical significance, which will make great contributions to the prevention and treatment of the presurgical anxiety-induced persistent postsurgical pain. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Vegetarian Diets and the Microbiome; The study of the human microbiome has experienced marked growth, enabled by developments in genomic sequencing technology. Growing evidence suggests that the gastrointestinal microbiome likely has important effects on human health and disease risk. Dietary factors such as probiotics, prebiotic carbohydrates, and other dietary compounds appear to be important in influencing the composition of the gut microbiome. Comparisons of geographically distinct populations with substantially different diets have demonstrated quite different fecal microbiome compositions. It is expected that vegetarian diets may have important effects on the gut microbiome, and consequently on health, although the existing published evidence is limited and somewhat inconsistent. © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Early PQQ supplementation has persistent long-term protective effects on developmental programming of hepatic lipotoxicity and inflammation in obese mice; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is widespread in adults and children. Early exposure to maternal obesity orWestern-style diet (WD) increases steatosis and oxidative stress in fetal liver and is associatedwith lifetime disease risk in the offspring. Pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) is a natural antioxidant found in soil, enriched in human breast milk, and essential for development in mammals. We investigated whether a supplemental dose of PQQ, provided prenatally in amousemodel of diet-induced obesity during pregnancy, could protect obese offspring from progression ofNAFLD.PQQtreatment givenpre- and postnatally inWD-fedoffspring had no effect on weight gain but increased metabolic flexibility while reducing body fat and liver lipids, compared with untreated obese offspring. Indices ofNAFLD, including hepatic ceramide levels, oxidative stress, and expression of proinflammatory genes (Nos2, Nlrp3, Il6, and Ptgs2), were decreased in WD PQQ-fed mice, concomitant with increasedexpression of fatty acid oxidation genes and decreasedPparg expression.Notably, these changespersisted even after PQQ withdrawal at weaning. Our results suggest that supplementation with PQQ, particularly during pregnancy and lactation, protects offspring fromWD-induced developmental programming of hepatic lipotoxicity and may help slow the advancing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation. © FASEB.
The Physiology and Molecular Underpinnings of the Effects of Bariatric Surgery on Obesity and Diabetes; Bariatric surgeries, such as Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and vertical sleeve gastrectomy, produce significant and durable weight loss in both humans and rodents. Recently, these surgical interventions have also been termed metabolic surgery because they result in profound metabolic improvements that often surpass the expected improvement due to body weight loss alone. In this review we focus on the weight-loss independent effects of bariatric surgery, which encompass energy expenditure and macronutrient preference, the luminal composition of the gut (i.e., the microbiota and bile acids), the transformation of the gastrointestinal lining, increases in postprandial gut hormone secretions, glycemic control, pancreas morphology, and micronutrient and mineral absorption. Taken together, these data point to several important physiological changes that contribute to the profound benefits of these surgical procedures. Identifying the underlying molecular mechanisms for these physiological effects will allow better utilization of these existing procedures to help patients and develop new treatments that harness these surgical effects with less invasive interventions. © Copyright 2017 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Dipeptidyl-peptidase (DPP)-4 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-1 analogues for prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its associated complications in people at increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: The projected rise in the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) could develop into a substantial health problem worldwide. Whether dipeptidyl-peptidase (DPP)-4 inhibitors or glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-1 analogues are able to prevent or delay T2DM and its associated complications in people at risk for the development of T2DM is unknown. Objectives: To assess the effects of DPP-4 inhibitors and GLP-1 analogues on the prevention or delay of T2DM and its associated complications in people with impaired glucose tolerance, impaired fasting blood glucose, moderately elevated glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) or any combination of these. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; MEDLINE; PubMed; Embase; ClinicalTrials.gov; the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform; and the reference lists of systematic reviews, articles and health technology assessment reports. We asked investigators of the included trials for information about additional trials. The date of the last search of all databases was January 2017. Selection criteria: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a duration of 12 weeks or more comparing DPP-4 inhibitors and GLP-1 analogues with any pharmacological glucose-lowering intervention, behaviour-changing intervention, placebo or no intervention in people with impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, moderately elevated HbA1c or combinations of these. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors read all abstracts and full-text articles and records, assessed quality and extracted outcome data independently. One review author extracted data which were checked by a second review author. We resolved discrepancies by consensus or the involvement of a third review author. For meta-analyses, we planned to use a random-effects model with investigation of risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for continuous outcomes, using 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for effect estimates. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence using the GRADE instrument. Main results: We included seven completed RCTs; about 98 participants were randomised to a DPP-4 inhibitor as monotherapy and 1620 participants were randomised to a GLP-1 analogue as monotherapy. Two trials investigated a DPP-4 inhibitor and five trials investigated a GLP-1 analogue. A total of 924 participants with data on allocation to control groups were randomised to a comparator group; 889 participants were randomised to placebo and 33 participants to metformin monotherapy. One RCT of liraglutide contributed 85% of all participants. The duration of the intervention varied from 12 weeks to 160 weeks. We judged none of the included trials at low risk of bias for all 'Risk of bias' domains and did not perform meta-analyses because there were not enough trials. One trial comparing the DPP-4 inhibitor vildagliptin with placebo reported no deaths (very low-quality evidence). The incidence of T2DM by means of WHO diagnostic criteria in this trial was 3/90 participants randomised to vildagliptin versus 1/89 participants randomised to placebo (very low-quality evidence). Also, 1/90 participants on vildagliptin versus 2/89 participants on placebo experienced a serious adverse event (very low-quality evidence). One out of 90 participants experienced congestive heart failure in the vildagliptin group versus none in the placebo group (very low-quality evidence). There were no data on non-fatal myocardial infarction, stroke, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects reported. All-cause and cardiovascular mortality following treatment with GLP-1 analogues were rarely reported; one trial of exenatide reported that no participant died. Another trial of liraglutide 3.0 mg showed that 2/1501 in the liraglutide group versus 2/747 in the placebo group died after 160 weeks of treatment (very low-quality evidence). The incidence of T2DM following treatment with liraglutide 3.0 mg compared to placebo after 160 weeks was 26/1472 (1.8%) participants randomised to liraglutide versus 46/738 (6.2%) participants randomised to placebo (very low-quality evidence). The trial established the risk for (diagnosis of) T2DM as HbA1c 5.7% to 6.4% (6.5% or greater), fasting plasma glucose 5.6 mmol/L or greater to 6.9 mmol/L or less (7.0 mmol/L or greater) or two-hour post-load plasma glucose 7.8 mmol/L or greater to 11.0 mmol/L (11.1 mmol/L). Altogether, 70/1472 (66%) participants regressed from intermediate hyperglycaemia to normoglycaemia compared with 268/738 (36%) participants in the placebo group. The incidence of T2DM after the 12-week off-treatment extension period (i.e. after 172 weeks) showed that five additional participants were diagnosed T2DM in the liraglutide group, compared with one participant in the placebo group. After 12-week treatment cessation, 740/1472 (50%) participants in the liraglutide group compared with 263/738 (36%) participants in the placebo group had normoglycaemia. One trial used exenatide and 2/17 participants randomised to exenatide versus 1/16 participants randomised to placebo developed T2DM (very low-quality evidence). This trial did not provide a definition of T2DM. One trial reported serious adverse events in 230/1524 (15.1%) participants in the liraglutide 3.0 mg arm versus 96/755 (12.7%) participants in the placebo arm (very low quality evidence). There were no serious adverse events in the trial using exenatide. Non-fatal myocardial infarction was reported in 1/1524 participants in the liraglutide arm and in 0/55 participants in the placebo arm at 172 weeks (very low-quality evidence). One trial reported congestive heart failure in 1/1524 participants in the liraglutide arm and in 1/755 participants in the placebo arm (very low-quality evidence). Participants receiving liraglutide compared with placebo had a small mean improvement in the physical component of the 36-item Short Form scale showing a difference of 0.87 points (95% CI 0.17 to 1.58; P = 0.02; 1 trial; 1791 participants; very low-quality evidence). No trial evaluating GLP-1-analogues reported data on stroke, microvascular complications or socioeconomic effects. Authors' conclusions: There is no firm evidence that DPP-4 inhibitors or GLP-1 analogues compared mainly with placebo substantially influence the risk of T2DM and especially its associated complications in people at increased risk for the development of T2DM. Most trials did not investigate patient-important outcomes. © 2017 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Adropin acts in the rat paraventricular nucleus to influence neuronal excitability; Adropin is a peptide hormone with cardiovascular and metabolic roles in the periphery, including effects on glucose and lipid homeostasis. Central administration of adropin has been shown to inhibit water intake in rats; however, the site at which central adropin acts has yet to be elucidated. The hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus (PVN), a critical autonomic control center, plays essential roles in the control of fluid balance, energy homeostasis, and cardiovascular regulation, and is, therefore, a potential target for centrally acting adropin. In the present study, we used whole cell patch-clamp techniques to examine the effects of adropin on the excitability of neurons within the PVN. All three neuronal subpopulations (magnocellular, preautonomic, and neuroendocrine) in the PVN were found to be responsive to bathapplication of 10 nM adropin, which elicited responses in 68% of cells tested (n = 57/84). The majority of cells (58%) depolarized (5.2 ± 0.3 mV; n = 49) in response to adropin, whereas the remaining responsive cells (10%) hyperpolarized (−3.4 ± 0.5 mV; n = 8), effects that were shown to be concentration-dependent. Additionally, responses were maintained in the presence of 1 μM TTX in 75% of cells tested (n = 9/12), and voltage-clamp analysis revealed that adropin had no effect on the amplitude or frequency of excitatory or inhibitory postsynaptic currents (EPSCs and IPSCs) in PVN neurons, suggesting the peptide exerts direct, postsynaptic actions on these neurons. Collectively, these findings suggest central adropin may exert its physiological effects through direct actions on neurons in the PVN. © 2017 the American Physiological Society.
Obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a chronic endocrine disorder that affects women of reproductive age and is associated with infertility, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, metabolic disorders including type 2 diabetes mellitus, and psychologic issues. Approximately 80% of PCOS patients are overweight or obese, particularly abdominal obesity. Although PCOS is an independent factor, obesity exaggerates all the reproductive, metabolic, and psychologic features related to PCOS. The underlying insulin resistance that is greater in PCOS for any given body mass index (BMI) compared with BMI-matched controls likely mediates this. Weight loss is the cornerstone for treatment in obese PCOS patients. A modest weight loss of less than 10% has been shown to improve ovulation, infertility, androgen levels, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia in women with PCOS. Lifestyle modification (diet and exercise) is the first treatment step, followed by medical, and, potentially, surgical treatment. Pharmacologic therapy has proved disappointing in treating obesity associated with PCOS, because only orlistat is currently available. In women with PCOS, orlistat has shown to reduce both total testosterone levels and insulin resistance by inducing weight loss; however, its associated gastrointestinal side effects limit its value. Although metformin improves insulin resistance in PCOS, its effect on weight is controversial. Future medical therapy may involve glucagon-like peptide-1 analogues that reduce weight, and data suggest a concomitant improvement in menstrual cycles, ovulation rate, hyperandrogenism, and insulin sensitivity. Bariatric surgery in morbidly obese PCOS patients is effective, leading to marked weight reduction with improvement in hyperandrogenemia, insulin resistance, and hirsutism, with subsequent improvement in menstrual cycles and ovulation. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolism disrupting chemicals and metabolic disorders; The recent epidemics of metabolic diseases, obesity, type 2 diabetes(T2D), liver lipid disorders and metabolic syndrome have largely been attributed to genetic background and changes in diet, exercise and aging. However, there is now considerable evidence that other environmental factors may contribute to the rapid increase in the incidence of these metabolic diseases. This review will examine changes to the incidence of obesity, T2D and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the contribution of genetics to these disorders and describe the role of the endocrine system in these metabolic disorders. It will then specifically focus on the role of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) in the etiology of obesity, T2D and NAFLD while finally integrating the information on EDCs on multiple metabolic disorders that could lead to metabolic syndrome. We will specifically examine evidence linking EDC exposures during critical periods of development with metabolic diseases that manifest later in life and across generations. © 2016
The initiation of metabolic inflammation in childhood obesity; An understanding of the events that initiate metabolic inflammation (metainflammation) can support the identification of targets for preventing metabolic disease and its negative effects on health. There is ample evidence demonstrating that the initiating events in obesity-induced inflammation start early in childhood. This has significant implications on our understanding of how early life events in childhood influence adult disease. In this Review we frame the initiating events of metainflammation in the context of child development and discuss what this reveals about the mechanisms by which this unique form of chronic inflammation is initiated and sustained into adulthood.
Irisin acts as a regulator of macrophages host defense; Aim Irisin, the adipomyokine, released mainly by exercised muscles, participate in the browning of adipose tissue and contribute to the restriction of insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus 2 development. Because of the limited reports describing the effect of irisin on inflammation and immunocompetent cells activation, the present study attempted to assess the influence of various irisin concentrations on basic macrophage activity. Main methods Studies were carried out on murine RAW 264.7 macrophages cultured in medium enriched with irisin (0 nM, 10 nM, 50 nM, or 100 nM). General cell activity, viability, and proliferation were assessed along with phagocytosis process, and respiratory burst generation. Key finding Irisin level positively correlates with general cell activity and cell cycle progression as well as with phagocytosis intensity, but negatively correlates with the intensity of respiratory burst generation. No influence of irisin on quiescent cell viability, including apoptosis or necrosis, was observed. Significance This research is the first to show that irisin modulates macrophage activity by reducing reactive oxygen species (ROS) overproduction, which could suggest its potential anti-inflammatory properties. Therefore, further studies are needed for the evaluation of influence of irisin on immunocompetent cell function. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Primary care nutrition: Writing the nutrition prescription; This book contains the necessary knowledge and tools to incorporate nutrition into primary care practice. As a practical matter, this effort is led by a dedicated primary care physician with the help of motivated registered dietitians, nurses, psychologists, physical therapists, and office staff whether within a known practice or by referral to the community. It is essential that the nutrition prescription provided by the physician be as efficient as possible. While many team members have superior knowledge in the areas of nutrition, exercise, and psychology, the health practitioner remains the focus of patient confidence in a therapy plan. Therefore, the endorsement of the plan rather than the implementation of the plan is the most important task of the physician. This book proposes a significant change in attitude of primary health care providers in terms of the power of nutrition in prevention and treatment of common disease. It features detailed and referenced information on the role of nutrition in the most common conditions encountered in primary care practice. In the past, treatment focused primarily on drugs and surgery for the treatment of disease with nutrition as an afterthought. Advanced technologies and drugs are effective for the treatment of acute disease, but many of the most common diseases such as heart disease, diabetes, and cancer are not preventable with drugs and surgery. While there is mention of prevention of heart disease, this largely relates to the use of statins with some modest discussion of a healthy diet. Similarly, prevention of type 2 diabetes is the early introduction of metformin or intensive insulin therapy. © 2017 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Liver triacylglycerol content and gestational diabetes: effects of moderate energy restriction; Aims/hypothesis: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have raised liver triacylglycerol. Restriction of energy intake in type 2 diabetes can normalise glucose control and liver triacylglycerol concentration but it is not known whether similar benefits could be achieved in GDM. The aim of this work was to examine liver triacylglycerol accumulation in women with GDM and the effect of modest energy restriction. Methods: Sixteen women with GDM followed a 4 week diet (5 MJ [1200 kcal]/day). Liver triacylglycerol, before and after diet and postpartum, was measured by magnetic resonance. Insulin secretion and sensitivity were assessed before and after diet. Twenty-six women who underwent standard antenatal care for GDM (matched for age, BMI, parity and ethnicity) were used as a comparator group. Results: Fourteen women, who completed the study, achieved a weight loss of 1.6 ± 1.7 kg over the 4 week dietary period. Mean weight change was −0.4 kg/week in the study group vs +0.3 kg/week in the comparator group (p = 0.002). Liver triacylglycerol level was normal but decreased following diet (3.7% [interquartile range, IQR 1.2–6.1%] vs 1.8% [IQR 0.7–3.1%], p = 0.004). There was no change in insulin sensitivity or production. Insulin was required in six comparator women vs none in the study group (eight vs two required metformin). Blood glucose control was similar for both groups. The hypo-energetic diet was well accepted. Conclusions/interpretation: Liver triacylglycerol in women with GDM was not elevated, unlike observations in non-pregnant women with a history of GDM. A 4 week hypo-energetic diet resulted in weight loss, reduced liver triacylglycerol and minimised pharmacotherapy. The underlying pathophysiology of glucose metabolism appeared unchanged. © 2016, The Author(s).
Impact of probiotic administration on serum C-reactive protein concentrations: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials; We conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies to determine the effect of probiotic administration on serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations. We searched PubMed-Medline, Web of Science, the Cochrane, and Google Scholar databases (until May 2016) to identify prospective studies evaluating the impact of probiotic administration on CRP.We used a random effects models and generic inverse variance methods to synthesize quantitative data, followed by a leave-one-out method for sensitivity analysis. The systematic review registration number was: CRD42016039457. From a total of 425 entries identified via searches, 20 studies were included in the final analysis. The meta-analysis indicated a significant reduction in serum CRP following probiotic administration with a weighted mean difference (WMD) of-1.35 mg/L, (95% confidence interval (CI)-2.15 to-0.55, I2 65.1%). The WMDs for interleukin 10 (IL10) was-1.65 pg/dL, (95% CI-3.45 to 0.14, I2 3.1%), and-0.45 pg/mL, (95% CI-1.38 to 0.48, I2 10.2%) for tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α). These findings were robust in sensitivity analyses. This meta-analysis suggests that probiotic administration may significantly reduce serum CRP while having no significant effect on serum IL10 and TNF-α. © 2017 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The pathogenesis and pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus: Deductions from a three-part longitudinal metabolomics study in China; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of diabetes that is first recognised during pregnancy, with no evidence of pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of GDM has been rising steadily over the past few decades, coinciding with the ongoing epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Although GDM normally disappears after delivery, women who have been previously diagnosed with GDM are at a greater risk of developing gestational diabetes in subsequent pregnancies, and type 2 diabetes later in life. Infants born to mothers with GDM also have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes in their teens or early adulthood. There are many possible causes of insulin resistance, and multiple metabolic aberrants are known to be involved in the development of different forms of diabetes. Increasing evidence suggests that different forms of diabetes share common pathogenesis and pathophysiological dysregulation resulting from a progressive β-cell demise or dysfunction. The outcome manifests clinically as hyperglycaemia. The development of GDM may represent a very early stage of the progression to type 2 diabetes that is being manifested under the stresses of pregnancy. However, the exact mechanisms of GDM development are not clearly understood. Based on the results of a three-part longitudinal metabolomics study of Chinese pregnant women, in combination with the current literature, a new model of GDM development is proposed to outline the biomolecular mechanisms underpinning GDM. A possible cause of GDM is obesity, which is an important clinical risk factor for the development of diabetes. Women who develop GDM generally have higher body mass indices when compared with healthy pregnant women, and obesity can induce low-grade inflammation. Chronic low-grade inflammation induces the synthesis of xanthurenic acid, which is known to be associated with the development of type 2 diabetes, pre-diabetes and GDM. Hyperglycaemia accelerates purine nucleotide synthesis, which in turn stimulates nucleotide breakdown and increases the concentration of nucleotide degradation products, including superoxide molecules and uric acid. Reactive oxygen species and excessive intracellular uric acid may also have direct effects on the development of the disease or further deterioration of the condition. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Charting the Maternal and Infant Microbiome: What Is the Role of Diabetes and Obesity in Pregnancy?; Purpose of Review: The purpose of this review is to summarize the evidence on whether diabetes, obesity, and related metabolic derangements during pregnancy are associated with the maternal and infant microbiomes, and to identify gaps in the literature and offer guidance on future research on this topic. Recent Findings: We found circumstantial evidence from four observational studies that the maternal gut microbiome was associated with either pre-pregnancy body mass index, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, and/or related metabolic biomarkers in pregnancy; we did not identify any studies that examined whether the vaginal microbiome varied according to these metabolic parameters. Maternal diabetes (in one study) and pregnancy weight status (in three studies) were found to be associated with the infant offspring gut microbiome, although some associations only appeared in certain cohort strata. Patterns of association across both maternal and infant microbiome studies, however, lacked consistency, which may owe to biologic or technical differences, or to the lack of control for important confounders or effect modifiers (e.g., delivery mode in infant microbiome studies). Summary: Metabolic diseases in pregnancy, such as diabetes and obesity, may be associated with the maternal and infant microbiomes, but there is a need for large prospective studies of mother-child dyads from diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds to determine the direction and potential causal nature of these associations. These studies should include serially collected biospecimens, standardized workflows that conserve microbial DNA and RNA, and rich data on clinical outcomes and environmental, lifestyle, and genetic risk factors for obesity and diabetes. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Metabolomics and Metabolic Diseases: Where Do We Stand?; Metabolomics, or the comprehensive profiling of small molecule metabolites in cells, tissues, or whole organisms, has undergone a rapid technological evolution in the past two decades. These advances have led to the application of metabolomics to defining predictive biomarkers for incident cardiometabolic diseases and, increasingly, as a blueprint for understanding those diseases’ pathophysiologic mechanisms. Progress in this area and challenges for the future are reviewed here. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Homocysteine induces hepatic steatosis involving ER stress response in high methionine diet-fedmice; Elevated circulating homocysteine (Hcy) has been proposed to be associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). It is also reported that Hcy causes protein misfolding in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). In this study, we used a high methionine diet (HMD)-fed mouse model and cultured primary hepatocytes to investigate the effects of Hcy on hepatic lipids metabolism. C57BL/6J mice received either standard chow diet (CT, n = 10) or diet supplemented with 2% methionine (MET, n = 10) for 16 weeks. In in vitro experiments, cultured mouse primary hepatocytes were treated with Hcy, or Hcy combined with 4-phenylbutyric acid (4-PBA), or tunicamycin (TM), respectively. HMD-fed mice exhibited a mild increase in plasma Hcy level. There was no significant difference of body weight gain between the two groups. Nevertheless, HMD feeding increased epididymal fat/body weight ratio, elevated plasma triglyceride (TG) level, and decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) level. Similarly, mice on HMD displayed higher liver/body weight ratio, plasma aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and its ratio to alanine aminotransferase (ALT), which was supported by the morphological observations of hepatic triglyceride accumulation in liver tissue as well as primary hepatocytes. Activation of the sterol response element-binding protein 1c (SREBP1c) in Hcy-treated hepatocytes with increased expression of genes involved in hepatic de novo lipogenesis was partially reduced by pretreatment of 4-PBA. Hcy-induced ER stress was also ameliorated by 4-PBA pretreatment, thus demonstrating an important role of Hcy-induced ER stress response in hepatic steatosis. These findings suggest that elevated Hcy was a critical factor in the pathogenesis of NAFLD. Activation of the ER stress response may be involved in Hcy-induced hepatic steatosis. © 2017 by the authors.
Carbohydrate metabolism; Defects in carbohydrate metabolism are the major focus of research because of the extremely high incidence of diabetes mellitus (DM) and obesity in the United States population. Based on the National Centers for Disease Diabetes Fact Sheet (www.cdc.gov/diabetes/library) ~11.3% of the adult (>20 years old) population in the United States has diabetes (25.6 million people). The two most common forms of diabetes mellitus (DM) are referred to as type 1 and type 2, ~90% have type 2 DM. In type 1 (previously called insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [IDDM]), there is an absolute deficiency of insulin, generally due to an autoimmune destruction of the pancreatic β cells. Type 2 (previously called non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, NIDDM) is characterized by insulin resistance and inadequate compensatory increase in the secretion of insulin. Almost 90% of individuals with type 2 DM are overweight or obese. The rise in obesity and diabetes risk is also mirrored in companion animals (dogs and cats) although the relative contribution of type 1 versus type 2 DM varies depending on the species (German et al., 2010; German, 2006; Catchpole et al., 2008; Prahl et al., 2007). In cats, the most common form of DM is type 2 and is associated with islet amyloidosis (O’Brien, 2002). In canines, the primary cause is type 1 DM (Catchpole et al., 2008). © 2018 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Clinical and Metabolic Response to Vitamin D Supplementation in Endometrial Hyperplasia: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; There was inconsistent evidence showing that vitamin D intake may be associated with reduced cancer risk due to optimized metabolic profile and reduced oxidative stress. However, we are not aware of any study evaluating the effects of vitamin D supplementation on clinical response and metabolic status of patients with endometrial hyperplasia (EH). This research was done to evaluate the effects of vitamin D supplementation on clinical response and metabolic status of patients with EH. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 60 women diagnosed with EH. EH diagnosis was made based on specific diagnostic procedures of biopsy. Participants were randomly assigned into two groups to intake either 50,000 IU vitamin D3 supplements (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) every 2 weeks for 12 weeks. After the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, vitamin D supplementation increased serum-25(OH) vitamin D levels (+12.0 ± 10.4 vs. +1.9 ± 7.1 ng/mL, P < 0.001). In addition, vitamin D administration was associated with significant decreases in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (−1.6 ± 7.0 vs. +2.1 ± 6.1 mg/dL, P = 0.03), serum insulin levels (−0.8 ± 1.9 vs. +1.1 ± 3.5 μIU/mL, P = 0.01), homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (−0.2 ± 0.6 vs. +0.3 ± 0.8, P = 0.01), and a significant increase in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (+0.003 ± 0.01 vs. −0.01 ± 0.02, P = 0.02) compared with the placebo. Additionally, a significant decrease in serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (−1.9 ± 2.8 vs. −0.003 ± 2.0 μg/mL, P = 0.003) and a significant rise in plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) values (+62.5 ± 53.5 vs. +7.5 ± 34.1 mmol/L, P < 0.001) were observed following supplementation with vitamin D compared with the placebo. In conclusion, vitamin D3 supplementation for 12 weeks among women with EH had beneficial effects on glucose metabolism, serum hs-CRP, and plasma TAC concentrations. In addition, vitamin D may have played an indirect role in reducing complications of EH due to its effect on improved glycemic control, hs-CRP, and TAC concentrations. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Reduced circulating stem cells associate with excess fasting and post-load NEFA exposure in healthy adults with normal glucose tolerance; Background and aims Reduced levels of circulating stem cells (CSCs) predict cardiovascular events and death, but the factors underlying variability of CSCs in healthy adults are mostly unknown. Previous studies detected associations of CSCs with glucose tolerance or insulin resistance, while the role of fatty acids has been overlooked. We herein aimed to describe in better detail the metabolic abnormalities associated with a reduced CSC level. Methods This was a cross-sectional study on 94 healthy male and female individuals with normal glucose tolerance, aged 18–65 years. All participants underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with blood samples collected at 0, 10, 20, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min. Mathematical models were applied to plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) concentrations. CSCs were defined as CD34+ or CD133+. Results Participants (mean ± SEM age 43.8 ± 0.7; 41% males) were divided according to CSC levels below (low) or above (high) the median value and metabolic parameters were compared. There was no significant baseline difference between groups except for higher concentrations of fasting NEFA in subjects with low CSCs. Upon OGTT, individuals with low CSCs had higher area under curve (AUC) of NEFA (p < 0.001) and no significant differences in glucose, insulin and C-peptide. Several insulin sensitivity and beta cell function indexes were not significantly different, except for a decrease in the disposition index (DI) in subjects with low CSCs. CSCs were associated with excess NEFA levels independently from age and DI. Conclusions We show for the first time that, in healthy adults with normal glucose tolerance, low CSCs are strongly associated with excess NEFA exposure. The pathophysiological consequence of this association needs to be interpreted in view of the prognostic role of CSCs. Future studies should explore whether excess NEFA and low CSCs and are causally interconnected. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Regulation of the novel adipokines/ hepatokines fetuin A and fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective Fetuin B has recently been introduced as a novel adipokine/hepatokine which is significantly increased in hepatic steatosis and mediates impaired insulin action, as well as glucose intolerance. However, regulation of fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as well as its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period, have not been elucidated, so far. Design and Methods Circulating fetuin A and fetuin B were quantified in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy and gestational age-matched controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay during pregnancy (median gestational age: 201 days). Furthermore, fetuin B was quantified during pregnancy as compared to postpartum levels in a follow-up study (median time after delivery: 4 years and 115 days). Results Median [interquartile range] serum fetuin B levels were significantly higher in women with GDM (4.8 [1.7] mg/l) as compared to non-diabetic pregnant controls (4.3 [1.2] mg/l) (p = 0.013) during pregnancy. In multivariate analysis, GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A were independent and positive predictors of circulating fetuin B. Furthermore, fetuin B serum concentrations significantly decreased after delivery from 4.6 [1.7] mg/l (prepartum) to 3.0 [2.2] mg/l (postpartum) in all women (p < 0.001). Conclusions Women with GDM have significantly higher fetuin B levels as compared to healthy pregnant control women and GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A positively predict circulating fetuin B. Postpartum fetuin B is decreased as compared to prepartum values suggesting a placental co-secretion of this novel adipokine/hepatokine. Further studies need to elucidate factors contributing to fetuin B regulation in humans, as well as the pathophysiological significance of fetuin B upregulation in GDM. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Should physical activity be contraindicated during pregnancy in relation to its potentially related risks?; Objective This paper aimed at providing a critical analysis of data on the risks associated with physical activity of women during their pregnancy. Methods Cochrane Library, Google Scholar, PubMed (Medline) and Web of Sciences were searched using a combination of MeSH terms associated to “Physical activity”, “Pregnancy” and “Adverse events” or “Risks”. Only review papers published from inception of these databases to November 2016 were used in the present analysis. Results The electronic search yield a total of 104 citations. After a critical analysis of abstracts and/or full-texts, only a systematic review and cohort study on injuries related to physical activity during pregnancy appeared relevant for the current study. Data reveals a very small proportion (< 1 %) of adverse events in direct link with the physical activity behavior of pregnant women. Furthermore, there would be less than one serious adverse event per 5000 hours of physical activity. The only serious adverse event attributable to physical activity during pregnancy was uterine contractions. The threat of preterm labor and miscarriage risk cannot be primarily attributed to the participation of pregnant women in a physical activity, even vigorous. Moreover, no adverse effects of maternal physical activity on neonatal outcomes were found. Conclusion Physical activity-related risks during pregnancy appear to be infrequent and of minor severity. Though further studies are required to better understand the risk/benefit balance of physical activity during pregnancy, current data do not support the contraindication of this behavior in pregnant women. © 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS
Dynamics of diabetes and obesity: Epidemiological perspective; The purpose of this review article is to understand the current literature on obesity, diabetes and therapeutic avenues across the world. Diabetes is a chronic lifestyle condition that affects millions of people worldwide and it is a major health concern in our society. Diabetes and obesity are associated with various conditions, including non-modifiable and modifiable risk factors. Early detectable markers are not well established to detect pre-diabetes and as a result, it becomes diabetes. Several published epidemiological studies were assessed and the findings were summarized. Resources from published studies were used to identify criteria used for pre-diabetes, the role of diet in pre-diabetics and potential risks and characteristics associated with pre-diabetes. Preventive strategies are needed to combat diabetes. Individuals diagnosed with pre-diabetes need detailed education, need to fully understand the risk factors and have the ability to manage diabetes. Interventions exist that include chronic disease self-management programs, lifestyle interventions and pharmacological strategies. Obesity plays a large role in causing pre-diabetes and diabetes. Critical analysis of existing epidemiological research data suggests that additional research is needed to determine the efficacy of interventions. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Oxidative Stress and Mitochondrial Quality in Diabetes/Obesity and Critical Illness Spectrum of Diseases - edited by P. Hemachandra Reddy. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Coffee intake is associated with a lower liver stiffness in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hepatitis C, and hepatitis B; There is emerging evidence for the positive effects or benefits of coffee in patients with liver disease. We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study on patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), hepatitis C virus (HCV), and hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection to determine the effects of coffee intake on a non-invasive marker of liver fibrosis: liver stiffness assessed by transient elastography (TE). We assessed coffee and tea intake and measured TE in 1018 patients with NAFLD, HCV, and HBV (155 with NAFLD, 378 with HCV and 485 with HBV). Univariate and multivariate regression models were performed taking into account potential confounders. Liver stiffness was higher in males compared to females (p < 0.05). Patients with HBV had lower liver stiffness than those with HCV and NAFLD. After adjustment for age, gender, smoking, alcohol consumption, M or XL probe, and disease state (NAFLD, HCV, and HBV status), those who drank 2 or more cups of coffee per day had a lower liver stiffness (p = 0.044). Tea consumption had no effect (p = 0.9). Coffee consumption decreases liver stiffness, which may indicate less fibrosis and inflammation, independent of disease state. This study adds further evidence to the notion of coffee maybe beneficial in patients with liver disease. © 2017 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation affects hepatic lipid metabolism in early life of offspring rat; We investigated whether maternal over-nutrition during pregnancy and lactation affects the offspring’s lipid metabolism at weaning by assessing liver lipid metabolic gene expressions and analysing its mechanisms on the development of metabolic abnormalities. Female Sprague–Dawley rats were fed with standard chow diet (CON) or high-fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks, and then continued feeding during gestation and lactation. The offspring whose dams were fed with HFD had a lower birth weight but an increased body weight with impaired glucose tolerance, higher serum cholesterol, and hepatic steatosis at weaning. Microarray analyses showed that there were 120 genes differently expressed between the two groups. We further verified the results by qRT-PCR. Significant increase of the lipogenesis (Me1, Scd1) gene expression was found in HFD (P<0.05), and up-regulated expression of genes (PPAR-α, Cpt1α, Ehhadh) involved in β-oxidation was also observed (P<0.05), but the Acsl3 gene was down-regulated (P<0.05). Maternal over-nutrition could not only primarily induce lipogenesis, but also promote lipolysis through an oxidation pathway as compensation, eventually leading to an increased body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, elevated serum cholesterol and hepatic steatosis at weaning. This finding may provide some evidence for a healthy maternal diet in order to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases in the early life of the offspring. © 2017, Indian Academy of Sciences.
Maternal supplementation with rumen-protected methionine increases prepartal plasma methionine concentration and alters hepatic mRNA abundance of 1-carbon, methionine, and transsulfuration pathways in neonatal Holstein calves; An important mechanism of nutritional “programming” induced by supplementation with methyl donors during pregnancy is the alteration of mRNA abundance in the offspring. We investigated the effects of rumen-protected Met (RPM) on abundance of 17 genes in the 1-carbon, Met, and transsulfuration pathways in calf liver from cows fed the same basal diet without (control, CON) or with RPM at 0.08% of diet dry matter/d (MET) from −21 through +30 d around calving. Biopsies (n = 8 calves per diet) were harvested on d 4, 14, 28, and 50 of age. Cows fed RPM had greater plasma concentration of Met (17.8 vs. 28.2 μM) at −10 d from calving. However, no difference was present in colostrum yield and free AA concentrations. Greater abundance on d 4 and 14 of betaine-homocysteine S-methyltransferase 2 (BHMT2), adenosylhomocysteinase (AHCY; also known as SAHH), and cystathionine-β-synthase (CBS) in MET calves indicated alterations in Met, choline, and homocysteine metabolism. Those data agree with the greater abundance of methionine adenosyltransferase 1A (MAT1A) in MET calves. Along with CBS, the greater abundance of glutamate-cysteine ligase (GCLC) and glutathione reductase (GSR) on d 4 in MET calves indicated a short-term postnatal alteration in the use of homocysteine for taurine and glutathione synthesis (both are potent intracellular antioxidants). The striking 7-fold upregulation at d 50 versus 4 of cysteine sulfinic acid decarboxylase (CSAD), catalyzing the last step of taurine synthesis, in MET and CON calves underscores an important role of taurine during postnatal calf growth. The unique role of taurine in the young calf is further supported by the upregulation of CBS, GCLC, and GSR at d 50 versus 14 and 28 in MET and CON. Although betaine-homocysteine S-methyltransferase (BHMT) activity did not differ in MET and CON, it increased ∼50% at d 14 and 28 versus 4. A significant positive correlation (r = 0.79) was present between BHMT abundance and BHMT activity regardless of treatment. The gradual upregulation over time of BHMT2 and SAHH coupled with the gradual upregulation of MAT1A and the DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases (DNMT1, DNMT3A, DNMT3B) in MET and CON calves was indicative of adaptations potentially driven by differences in intake of milk replacer and starter feed as calves grew. In that context, the ∼2.5-fold increase in abundance of DNMT3B at d 50 versus 4 in MET and CON indicate that DNA methylation might be an important component of the physiologic adaptations of calf liver. The data indicate that calves from MET-supplemented cows underwent alterations in Met, choline, and homocysteine metabolism partly to synthesize taurine and glutathione, which would be advantageous for controlling metabolic-related stress. Whether the effects in MET calves were directly related to increased Met supply in utero remains to be determined. © 2017 American Dairy Science Association
Increased intestinal permeability, measured by serum zonulin, is associated with metabolic risk markers in overweight pregnant women; Background Increased intestinal permeability with subsequent metabolic endotoxemia, i.e., elevated circulating levels of bacterial lipopolysaccharide, LPS, has been introduced as a novel initiator of obesity related metabolic disturbances in non-pregnant individuals. The objective was to investigate the extent to which intestinal permeability, measured by serum zonulin concentration, is related to metabolic endotoxemia and metabolic risk markers in overweight pregnant women. Methods This was a cross-sectional study including 100 pregnant overweight women in early pregnancy. Serum zonulin was analyzed using ELISA, and markers for metabolic endotoxemia (LPS), inflammation (high-sensitive C-reactive protein and glycoprotein acetylation GlyA), glucose metabolism (fasting glucose and insulin), and lipid metabolism were measured. Results Higher serum zonulin concentration associated positively with LPS (P = 0.02), inflammatory markers (P < 0.001), insulin (P < 0.001), insulin resistance (P < 0.001), and triglycerides (P = 0.001), and negatively with insulin sensitivity (P = 0.001) (ANOVA with Tukey's corrections or Kruskal–Wallis nonparametric test with Bonferroni correction for zonulin quartiles). All the observed associations were confirmed (P < 0.015) in a linear regression model adjusted with potential confounding factors. Both LPS and GlycA showed positive relationship with insulin resistance, serum insulin, triglycerides, total and LDL-cholesterol and negative relationship with insulin sensitivity (P ≤ 0.03) in the univariate linear regression. Positive relationship was also found between LPS and HDL-cholesterol (P = 0.03). Conclusions Our findings suggest that increased serum zonulin concentration, i.e., increased intestinal permeability, contributes to metabolic endotoxemia, systemic inflammation, and insulin resistance in overweight pregnant women. By reinforcing intestinal barrier, it may be possible to manipulate maternal metabolism during pregnancy with subsequent health benefits. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolite profiling: development and application of an UHR-QTOF-MS(/MS) method approach for the assessment of metabolic changes in high fat diet fed mice; Introduction: The metabolic alterations accompanying the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are complex, not coherently understood and only partially represented by conventional clinical tests like the oral glucose tolerance test. Changes in plasma metabolite concentrations preceding insulin resistance or overt T2DM may help understand the etiology of metabolic disorders and they are potential predictive risk markers. Objectives: Here, we describe a non-targeted metabolomics platform based on UPLC-UHR-QToF-MS(/MS) for the assessment of plasma non-polar metabolites. Methods: This method was applied to a longitudinal mouse obesity study comparing mice on control and high fat diet (HFD), respectively. Plasma metabolites were assessed 2, 4, 8 and 16 weeks after initiation of feeding. Multivariate analysis of the metabolite dataset showed clear differentiation of the feeding groups after 8 weeks when the HFD-fed mice exhibited clear signs of insulin resistance. Results: The discrimination of the groups was due to changes in various metabolic pathways including, among others, glycerophospholipid, sphingolipid and cholesterol metabolism. Conclusion: From 81 compounds with a p-value lower than 0.05, a total of 19 metabolites could be putatively identified due to their accurate mass, isotope and fragmentation pattern. Thirteen of these observed metabolites are known key metabolites to diabetes or its secondary diseases like diabetic nephropathy and neuropathy (Meiss, Werner, John, Scheja, Herbach, Heeren, Fischer 2015). The compounds putatively identified here may provide valuable starting points for further investigations and developments of clinical diagnostics and prediagnostics for T2DM and related diseases. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Vitamin D, Obesity, and the Metabolic Syndrome; The increased risk of vitamin D deficiency in obesity is well established. There is substantial variation in the estimated strength of the association between different population groups, likely reflecting methodological issues in measuring adiposity and 25(OH)D concentrations. Genetic studies have shown that higher body mass index (BMI) is a causal risk factor for low 25(OH)D concentrations and have also shown that higher 25(OH)D does not, in turn, affect BMI. Clinical trial evidence for benefits of vitamin D supplementation in terms of affecting weight gain or adiposity remains limited. There are some clinical trials, typically with concomitant calcium supplementation and in the presence of low-dietary calcium intakes, which have suggested potential reductions in central fat deposits. Vitamin D supplementation is notably less effective in increasing 25(OH)D concentrations in obese compared with normal-weight participants. Although causality of association remains to be established, at the physiological and biochemical level active hormonal vitamin D has been shown to have many mechanistic effects counteracting ill-effects of obesity, which can reduce the risks of tissue damage consequent to adiposity, and its related metabolic disorders. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Physiology and role of irisin in glucose homeostasis; Irisin is a myokine that leads to increased energy expenditure by stimulating the 'browning' of white adipose tissue. In the first description of this hormone, increased levels of circulating irisin, which is cleaved from its precursor fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 5, were associated with improved glucose homeostasis by reducing insulin resistance. Consequently, several studies attempted to characterize the role of irisin in glucose regulation, but contradictory results have been reported, and even the existence of this hormone has been questioned. In this Review, we present the current knowledge on the physiology of irisin and its role in glucose homeostasis. We describe the mechanisms involved in the synthesis, secretion, circulation and regulation of irisin, and the controversies regarding the measurement of irisin. We also discuss the direct effects of irisin on glucose regulatory mechanisms in different organs, the indirect effects and interactions with other hormones, and the important open questions with regard to irisin in those organs. Finally, we present the results from animal interventional studies and from human clinical studies investigating the association of irisin with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome. © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Pigment epithelium-derived factor: A novel therapeutic target for cardiometabolic diseases and related complications; Pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF) is a glycoprotein that belongs to the superfamily of serine protease inhibitors, serpins. It was first identified as a neuronal differentiating factor secreted by human retinal pigment epithelial cells, and then found to be the most potent inhibitor of pathological angiogenesis in mammalian eyes. Recently, PEDF has been shown not only to suppress oxidative stress and inflammatory reactions in vascular wall cells, T cells and macrophages, and adipocytes, but also to exert antithrombotic and anti-fibrotic properties, thereby protecting against the development and progression of various cardiometabolic diseases and related complications. Furthermore, accumulating evidence has suggested that circulating PEDF levels may be a biomarker of severity and prognosis of these devastating disorders. Number of subjects with visceral obesity and insulin resistance is increasing, and the metabolic syndrome and its related complications, such as diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease/non-alcoholic steatohepatits, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease are a growing health challenge. Therefore, in this study, we review the pathophysiological role of PEDF in obesity and metabolic disorders, cardiovascular disease, diabetic eye and kidney complications, liver diseases, and reproductive system disorders, and discuss the potential clinical utility of modulating the expression and actions of PEDF for preventing these cardiometabolic disorders. We also refer to the clinical value of PEDF as a biomarker in cardiometabolic complications. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Smoking and the risk of type 2 diabetes; Despite accumulating evidence demonstrating strong epidemiologic and mechanistic associations between cigarette smoking, hyperglycemia, and the development of type 2 diabetes, tobacco abuse has not been uniformly recognized as a modifiable risk factor in diabetes prevention or screening strategies. In this review, we highlight population-based studies that have linked cigarette smoking with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and summarize clinical and preclinical studies offering insight into mechanisms through which cigarette smoking and nicotine exposure impact body composition, insulin sensitivity, and pancreatic β cell function. Key questions for future studies are identified and strategies for smoking cessation as a means to decrease diabetes risk are discussed. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Review on intrauterine programming: Consequences in rodent models of mild diabetes and mild fat overfeeding are not mild; An adverse intrauterine programming occurs in diabetes and obesity as the consequence of an adverse maternal environment that affects the appropriate fetoplacental development and growth. Experimental models of diabetes and fat overfeeding have provided relevant tools to address putative mechanisms of the adverse intrauterine programming. The current knowledge far extends from the original thoughts of the resulting intrauterine programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases to a full range of alterations that affect multiple tissues, organs, and systems that will compromise the long-life health of the offspring. This review examines the postnatal effects of rodent models of mild diabetes and fat overfeeding, identifying the multiple organ derangements in the offspring resulting from mild maternal adverse conditions. In addition, the comparison of experimental models of severe diabetes and fat overfeeding and the crucial role of the placenta are discussed, providing an update of the actual scenario of the putative mechanisms and adverse consequences of maternal metabolic derangements. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Beneficial effects of exercise on offspring obesity and insulin resistance are reduced by maternal high-fat diet; Scope We investigated the long-term effects of maternal high-fat consumption and post-weaning exercise on offspring obesity susceptibility and insulin resistance. Methods C57BL/6J dams were fed either a high-fat (HFD, 40% kcal fat) or low-fat (LFD, 10% kcal fat) semi-synthetic diet during pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, male offspring of both maternal diet groups (mLFD; mHFD) received a LFD. At week 7, half of the mice got access to a running wheel (+RW) as voluntary exercise training. To induce obesity, all offspring groups (mLFD +/-RW and mHFD +/-RW) received HFD from week 15 until week 25.Results Compared to mLFD, mHFD offspring were more prone to HFD-induced body fat gain and exhibited an increased liver mass which was not due to increased hepatic triglyceride levels. RW improved the endurance capacity in mLFD, but not in mHFD offspring. Additionally, mHFD offspring +RW exhibited higher plasma insulin levels during glucose tolerance test and an elevated basal pancreatic insulin production compared to mLFD offspring. Conclusion Taken together, maternal HFD reduced offspring responsiveness to the beneficial effects of voluntary exercise training regarding the improvement of endurance capacity, reduction of fat mass gain, and amelioration of HFD-induced insulin resistance. © 2017 Kasch et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Integrated stress response activation by sleep fragmentation during late gestation in mice leads to emergence of adverse metabolic phenotype in offspring; Background Late gestational sleep fragmentation (SF) is highly prevalent particularly in obese women, and induces metabolic dysfunction in adult offspring mice. SF induces activation of the integrated stress response (ISR), which might be involved in metabolic disorders. We hypothesized that adult offspring of double mutant mice (DM) involving the critical ISR genes CHOP and GADD34 would be protected from developing obesity and insulin resistance following SF. Methods Time-pregnant CHOP/GADD34 DM and wild type (WT) mice were randomly assigned to sleep control (SC) or SF conditions during the last 5 days of gestation. At 24-weeks of age, body weight, fat mass, and HOMA-IR were assessed in the offspring. Tregs lymphocytes, Lyc6chigh, M1 and M2 macrophages were examined in visceral white adipose tissues (vWAT) using flow cytometry. The effects of plasma exosomes on adipocyte cell line proliferation, differentiation and insulin sensitivity were also evaluated. Results SF-WT male showed significant increases in body weight, vWAT mass and HOMA-IR compared to SC-WT mice, while SF had no effect in SF-DM mice. Inflammatory macrophages (Ly-6chigh) and the ratio of M1/M2 macrophages were increased while FoxP3 + Tregs counts were decreased in SF-WT but not in SF-DM mice. Exosomes from SF-WT, but not from the SF-DM offspring increased pre-adipocyte proliferation and differentiation, and decreased in vitro adipocyte insulin sensitivity. Conclusion Activation of the ISR during late gestation, as induced by late gestational SF, appears to underlie some of the transgenerational modifications in metabolic genes ultimately contributing to a metabolic syndrome phenotype in adult offspring. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Synbiotic supplementation and the effects on clinical and metabolic responses in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Synbiotic intake may be associated with reduced inflammation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) due to optimised inflammatory markers, oxidative stress and insulin resistance. This research was conducted to assess the effects of synbiotic supplementation on the clinical and metabolic parameters of patients with RA. A total of fifty-four patients with RA were allocated into two groups to receive either a synbiotic capsule (n 27) or a placebo (n 27) for 8 weeks in this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and week 8 of the study to quantify related markers. After the 8-week intervention, compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels (-1427·8 (sd 3267·2) v. +2833·4 (sd 5639·7) ng/ml, P=0·001). In addition, compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation improved disease activity score-28 joints (DAS-28) (-1·6 (sd 0·8) v. -0·3 (sd 0·5), P<0·001) and visual analogue scales (VAS) pain (-30·4 (sd 18·7) v. -11·5 (sd 15·9), P<0·001). In addition, a significant elevation in plasma nitric oxide (NO) (+0·8 (sd 4·4) v. -2·6 (sd 4·5) mol/l, P=0·008), and significant reductions in insulin values (-13·8 (sd 26·4) v. +4·2 (sd 28·2) pmol/l, P=0·01), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (-0·5 (sd 1·0) v.+0·1 (sd 1·1), P=0·03) and homoeostatic model assessment-β-cell function (HOMA-B) (-9·4 (sd 17·9) v. +3·3 (sd 18·9), P=0·01) following supplementation with the synbiotic compared with the placebo. Compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation also resulted in a significant increase in plasma GSH (+36·6 (sd 63·5) v. -58·5 (sd 154·4) mol/l, P=0·005). Overall, our study demonstrated that synbiotic supplementation for 8 weeks among patients with RA had beneficial effects on hs-CRP, DAS-28, VAS, NO, insulin levels, HOMA-IR, HOMA-B and GSH levels. Copyright © The Authors 2017.
The Impact of Kidney Development on the Life Course: A Consensus Document for Action; Hypertension and chronic kidney disease (CKD) have a significant impact on global morbidity and mortality. The Low Birth Weight and Nephron Number Working Group has prepared a consensus document aimed to address the relatively neglected issue for the developmental programming of hypertension and CKD. It emerged from a workshop held on April 2, 2016, including eminent internationally recognized experts in the field of obstetrics, neonatology, and nephrology. Through multidisciplinary engagement, the goal of the workshop was to highlight the association between fetal and childhood development and an increased risk of adult diseases, focusing on hypertension and CKD, and to suggest possible practical solutions for the future. The recommendations for action of the consensus workshop are the results of combined clinical experience, shared research expertise, and a review of the literature. They highlight the need to act early to prevent CKD and other related noncommunicable diseases later in life by reducing low birth weight, small for gestational age, prematurity, and low nephron numbers at birth through coordinated interventions. Meeting the current unmet needs would help to define the most cost-effective strategies and to optimize interventions to limit or interrupt the developmental programming cycle of CKD later in life, especially in the poorest part of the world. © 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
An extended fatty liver index to predict non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background In clinical practice, there is a strong interest in non-invasive markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Our hypothesis was that the fold-change in plasma triglycerides (TG) during a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (fold-change TGOGTT) in concert with blood glucose and lipid parameters, and the rs738409 C>G single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in PNPLA3 might improve the power of the widely used fatty liver index (FLI) to predict NAFLD. Methods The liver fat content of 330 subjects was quantified by 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Blood parameters were measured during fasting and after a 2-h OGTT. A subgroup of 213 subjects underwent these measurements before and after 9 months of a lifestyle intervention. Results The fold-change TGOGTT was closely associated with liver fat content (r = 0.51, P < 0.0001), but had less power to predict NAFLD (AUROC = 0.75) than the FLI (AUROC = 0.79). Not only was the fold-change TGOGTT independently associated with liver fat content and NAFLD, but so also were the 2-h blood glucose level and rs738409 C>G SNP in PNPLA3. In fact, a novel index (extended FLI) generated from these and the usual FLI parameters considerably increased its power to predict NAFLD (AUROC = 0.79–0.86). The extended FLI also increased the power to predict changes in liver fat content with a lifestyle intervention (n = 213; standardized beta coefficient: 0.23–0.29). Conclusion This study has provided novel data confirming that the OGTT-derived fold-change TGOGTT and 2-h glucose level, together with the rs738409 C>G SNP in PNPLA3, allow calculation of an extended FLI that considerably improves its power to predict NAFLD. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: the maternal and fetal implications; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) which includes obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) and upper airway resistance syndrome (UARS), has emerged as a risk factor for adverse maternal–foetal outcomes in pregnancy. Physiological changes of pregnancy predispose a woman ‘at risk’ towards developing SDB. The increasing incidence of OSA in pregnancy closely correlates with the population trends of obesity. Common screening tools validated in non-pregnant subjects including Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) and Berlin Questionnaire (BQ) are poor predictors of SDB in pregnancy. Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are linked with SDB. Preeclampsia and OSA share common pathological associations. It is unclear if one predisposes the other. Foetal morbidity includes intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preterm delivery, low birth weight, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission and Apgar score of less than seven at one minute. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a well-documented treatment of SDB in pregnancy and has been shown to reverse some of the adverse events. It becomes imperative to diagnose and manage this condition as OSA causes substantial morbidity in the untreated pregnant patient and foetus. Three short clinical cases and a literature review on SDB on pregnancy are presented. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
WISP1 is a novel adipokine linked to metabolic parameters in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate Wnt1-inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP1) levels and their correlation with metabolic parameters in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM healthy pregnant women. Materials and Methods: In this prospective cross-sectional study, the study group was composed of 62 women with GDM and 73 healthy pregnant women matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and gestational age. Blood samples were collected at 25–29th gestational week. Serum WISP1, betatrophin, glucose, fasting insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c, total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, C reactive protein, alanine aminotransferase and creatinine levels were measured. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values was calculated. The level of significance was accepted as p < 0.05. Results: Circulating WISP1 in the GDM group was significantly higher than the control group (p <0.001). Further, WISP1 was positively correlated with BMI, HOMA-IR values and fasting glucose, fasting insulin, triglyceride, betatrophin levels. BMI, HOMA-IR and betatrophin independently and positively predicted WISP1 levels. Conclusion: These results demonstrate a relationship between WISP1 and the metabolic parameters of GDM. And, WISP1 might be involved in the pathophysiology of GDM. As a part of this pathophysiological mechanism, the activation of WISP1 and betatrophin might take place through several ways; WISP1 and betatrophin might either use same signaling pathways and potentiate each other or they might also constitute the sequential steps of a common pathway. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Circulating NOD1 Activators and Hematopoietic NOD1 Contribute to Metabolic Inflammation and Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance is a chronic inflammatory condition accompanying obesity or high fat diets that leads to type 2 diabetes. It is hypothesized that lipids and gut bacterial compounds in particular contribute to metabolic inflammation by activating the immune system; however, the receptors detecting these “instigators” of inflammation remain largely undefined. Here, we show that circulating activators of NOD1, a receptor for bacterial peptidoglycan, increase with high fat feeding in mice, suggesting that NOD1 could be a critical sensor leading to metabolic inflammation. Hematopoietic depletion of NOD1 did not prevent weight gain but protected chimeric mice against diet-induced glucose and insulin intolerance. Mechanistically, while macrophage infiltration of adipose tissue persisted, notably these cells were less pro-inflammatory, had lower CXCL1 production, and consequently, lower neutrophil chemoattraction into the tissue. These findings reveal macrophage NOD1 as a cell-specific target to combat diet-induced inflammation past the step of macrophage infiltration, leading to insulin resistance. © 2017 The Authors
Epigenetics, telomeres, microrna, and system biology in fetal programming; A large body of epidemiological evidence has consistently shown that impaired intrauterine growth is associated with adult metabolic and cardiovascular disorders (CVDs), including coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and insulin resistance (IR) (Curhan et al. 1996; Forsen et al. 1999; Harder et al. 2007; Osmond et al. 1993). These disorders cluster in the metabolic syndrome (MS), also known as cardiometabolic syndrome or “Syndrome X,” of which the presence of IR in various tissues was initially regarded as the underlying factor. Indeed, IR has been regarded as the main link between all disorders grouped in the MS (Reaven 1998), 310including T2D, dyslipidemia, central obesity, arterial hypertension, prothrombotic and proinflammatory states, polycystic ovary, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). From the perspective of the clinical importance, the MS has two important features that include its global prevalence that is increasing dramatically and its strong association with CVD. It is widely accepted that IR results from a complex interaction between the gene variants and the environment (Sookoian and Pirola 2007, 2011). For example, environmental factors such as decreased physical activity, increasing nutrient availability, and overfeeding play an important role in the development of metabolic disorders associated with IR, and they are widely recognized as responsible for the modern epidemic of MS and its related phenotypes. However, no environmental factors or genes by themselves explain the pathophysiology of IR and MS. This is partly explained by environmental factors operating at different levels and their influence is even more significant in a genetically predisposed ground, but so far the gene variants associated with the various components of MS together account for a very small portion variability of each phenotype (Sookoian and Pirola 2007, 2011). Therefore, it is reasonable to speculate that the interaction between genes and environment is a strong modifier of the IR state and this interaction is modulated by epigenetic mechanisms. © 2017 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Role of leptin as a link between metabolism and the immune system; Leptin is an adipocyte-derived hormone not only with an important role in the central control of energy metabolism, but also with many pleiotropic effects in different physiological systems. One of these peripheral functions of leptin is a regulatory role in the interplay between energy metabolism and the immune system, being a cornerstone of the new field of immunometabolism. Leptin receptor is expressed throughout the immune system and the regulatory effects of leptin include cells from both the innate and adaptive immune system. Leptin is one of the adipokines responsible for the inflammatory state found in obesity that predisposes not only to type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease, but also to autoimmune and allergic diseases. Leptin is an important mediator of the immunosuppressive state in undernutrition status. Placenta is the second source of leptin and it may play a role in the immunomodulation during pregnancy. Finally, recent work has pointed to the participation of leptin and leptin receptor in the pathophysiology of inflammation in oral biology. Therefore, leptin and leptin receptor should be considered for investigation as a marker of inflammation and immune activation in the frontier of innate-adaptive system, and as possible targets for intervention in the immunometabolic mediated pathophysiology. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Effect of magnesium supplementation on insulin resistance in humans: A systematic review; Objectives Recent studies have demonstrated that minerals play a role in glucose metabolism disorders in humans. Magnesium, in particular, is an extensively studied mineral that has been shown to function in the management of hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance (IR) action. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of magnesium supplementation on IR in humans via systematic review of the available clinical trials. Methods This review was conducted in accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) recommendations. A survey was conducted to select clinical trials related to the effects of this mineral in insulin sensitivity using the following databases: PubMed, SciVerse Scopus, ScienceDirect, and SciVerse Cochrane. Results After the selection process, 12 articles were identified as eligible, representing different clinical conditions and being free of restriction with regard to sex, age, ethnicity, and differential dosing/shape of magnesium. The results of eight clinical trials showed that supplementation with magnesium influences serum fasting glucose concentrations, and five trials determined an effect on fasting insulin levels. The results of seven studies demonstrated that mineral supplementation reduced homeostasis model assessment for IR values. Conclusions The data of this systematic review provide evidence as to the benefits of magnesium supplementation in reducing IR in patients with hypomagnesemia presenting IR. However, new intervention studies are needed to elucidate the role of the nutrient in protection against this metabolic disorder, as well as the standardization of the type, dose, and time of magnesium supplementation. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Sexual dimorphism in the glucose homeostasis phenotype of the Aromatase Knockout (ArKO) mice; We investigated the effects of estrogens on glucose homeostasis using the Aromatase Knockout (ArKO) mouse, which is unable to convert androgens into estrogens. The ArKO mouse is a model of total estrogen ablation which develops symptoms of metabolic syndrome. To determine the development and progression of whole body state of insulin resistance of ArKO mice, comprehensive whole body tolerance tests were performed on WT, ArKO and estrogen administrated mice at 3 and 12 months of age. The absence of estrogens in the male ArKO mice leads to hepatic insulin resistance, glucose and pyruvate intolerance from 3 to 12 months with consistent improvement upon estrogen treatment. Estrogen absence in the female ArKO mice leads to glucose intolerance without pyruvate intolerance or insulin resistance. The replacement of estrogens in the female WT and ArKO mice exhibited both insulin sensitizing and resistance effects depending on age and dosage. In conclusion, this study presents information on the sexually dimorphic roles of estrogens on glucose homeostasis regulation. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Effects of acute exposure to a high-fat, high-sucrose diet on gestational glucose tolerance and subsequent maternal health in mice; Gestational diabetesmellitus (GDM) is a common obstetric complication. Half of women who haveGDM will go on to develop type 2 diabetes. Understanding the mechanisms by which this occursrequires an animal model of GDM without ongoing diabetes at conception. C57Bl/6J mice reactacutely to a high-fat, high-sucrose (HFHS) challenge. Here, we hypothesized that a periconceptionalHFHS challenge will induce glucose intolerance during gestation. C57Bl/6J femalemice were placedon an HFHS either 1 or 3 weeks prior to mating and throughout pregnancy. Intraperitoneal glucosetolerance tests, insulin measurements, and histological analysis of pancreatic islets were used toassess the impact of acute HFHS. C57Bl/6J females fed HFHS beginning 1 week prior to pregnancybecame severely glucose intolerant, with reduced insulin response to glucose, and decreased pancreaticislet expansion during pregnancy compared to control mice. These GDM characteristics didnot occur when the HFHS diet was started 3 weeks prior to mating, suggesting the importanceof acute metabolic stress. Additionally, HFHS feeding resulted in only mild insulin resistance innonpregnant females. When the diet was discontinued at parturition, symptoms resolved within3 weeks. However, mice that experienced glucose intolerance in pregnancy became glucose intolerantmore readily in response to a HFHS challenge later in life than congenic females thatexperienced a normal pregnancy, or that were fed the same diet outside of pregnancy. Thus, acuteHFHS challenge in C57Bl/6 mice results in a novel, nonobese, animal model that recapitulates thelong-term risk of developing type 2 diabetes following GDM. © The Authors 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Society for the Study of Reproduction. All rights reserved.
Anti-diabetes and anti-obesity medicinal plants and phytochemicals: Safety, efficacy, and action mechanisms; This work presents a systematic review of traditional herbal medicine and their active compounds, as well as their mechanism of action in the prevention and treatment of diabetes and obesity. The side effects and safety of herbal-derived anti-diabetic and anti-obesity phytochemicals are detailed in depth, and the text has a strong focus on current and future trends in anti-diabetic medicinal plants. This unique and comprehensive text is the only current book on the market focusing exclusively on medicinal plants used to combat obesity and diabetes. An introductory chapter focuses on diabetes and obesity and introduces the major causes and main treatments of this increasing epidemic in modern society. Readers are then introduced to medicinal plants, including details on their therapeutic aspects, plus side effects and safety. Following chapters focus on anti-diabetic and anti-obesity medicinal plants, as well as phytogenic natural products in the treatment of each. The text closes by focusing on present and future trends and challenges in these medicinal plants. Anti-diabetes and Anti-obesity Medicinal Plants and Phytochemicals: Safety, Efficacy, and Action Mechanisms is a much-needed and truly original work, finally presenting in one place all the necessary information on medicinal plants used in conjunction with obesity and diabetes prevention. © Springer International Publishing 2017. All rights reserved.
Sex-dependent effects of cadmium exposure in early life on gut microbiota and fat accumulation in mice; Background: Environmental cadmium, with a high average dietary intake, is a severe public health risk. However, the long-term health implications of environmental exposure to cadmium in different life stages remain unclear. Objectives: We investigated the effects of early exposure to cadmium, at an environmentally relevant dosage, on adult metabolism and the mechanism of action. Methods: We established mouse models with low-dose cadmium (LDC) exposure in early life to examine the long-term metabolic consequences. Intestinal flora measurement by 16S rDNA sequencing, microbial ecological analyses, and fecal microbiota transplant was conducted to explore the potential underlying mechanisms. Results: Early LDC exposure (100 nM) led to fat accumulation in adult male mice. Hepatic genes profiling revealed that fatty acid and lipid metabolic processes were elevated. Gut microbiota were perturbed by LDC to cause diversity reduction and compositional alteration. Time-series studies indicated that the gut flora at early-life stages, especially at 8 weeks, were vulnerable to LDC and that an alteration during this period could contribute to the adult adiposity, even if the microbiota recovered later. The importance of intestinal bacteria in LDC-induced fat accumulation was further confirmed through microbiota transplantation and removal experiments. Moreover, the metabolic effects of LDC were observed only in male, but not female, mice. Conclusions: An environmental dose of cadmium at early stages of life causes gut microbiota alterations, accelerates hepatic lipid metabolism, and leads to life-long metabolic consequences in a sex-dependent manner. These findings provide a better understanding of the health risk of cadmium in the environment. © 2017, Public Health Services, US Dept of Health and Human Services. All rights reserved.
A quantitative proteomics approach to clinical research with non-traditional samples; The proper handling of samples to be analyzed by mass spectrometry (MS) can guarantee excellent results and a greater depth of analysis when working in quantitative proteomics. This is critical when trying to assess non-traditional sources such as ear wax, saliva, vitreous humor, aqueous humor, tears, nipple aspirate fluid, breast milk/colostrum, cervical-vaginal fluid, nasal secretions, bronco-alveolar lavage fluid, and stools. We intend to provide the investigator with relevant aspects of quantitative proteomics and to recognize the most recent clinical research work conducted with atypical samples and analyzed by quantitative proteomics. Having as reference the most recent and different approaches used with non-traditional sources allows us to compare new strategies in the development of novel experimental models. On the other hand, these references help us to contribute significantly to the understanding of the proportions of proteins in different proteomes of clinical interest and may lead to potential advances in the emerging field of precision medicine. © 2016 by the authors.
WISP1 is a marker of systemic and adipose tissue inflammation in dysmetabolic subjects with or without type 2 diabetes; Context: Wnt1-inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP1) is a novel adipokine participating in adipose tissue (AT) dysfunction; so far, no data on WISP1 in diabetes are available. Objectives: To evaluate plasma WISP1 in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and its correlates linked to AT inflammation. Design and Participants: For this cross-sectional study, 97 consecutive dysmetabolic patients were recruited at the diabetes outpatient clinics of Sapienza University in Rome; 71 of them had T2D, with (n = 35) or without (n = 36) obesity, and 26 were obese patients without diabetes. Twenty-one normalweight nondiabetic individuals were enrolled as a control group. Study participants underwent clinical workup and blood sampling for metabolic/inflammatory characterization; magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data on subcutaneous AT and visceral AT (VAT) area, hepatic fat content, and VAT homogeneity were available for most diabetic patients. Results: Plasma WISP1 significantly increased throughout classes of obesity and correlated with greater VAT area, interleukin-8 (IL-8), and lower adiponectin levels, without differing between diabetic and nondiabetic participants. Higher IL-8 was the main determinant of increased WISP1. MRI-assessed VAT inhomogeneity was associated with higher WISP1, IL-8 and C-reactive protein levels, independent of obesity; high WISP1 strongly predicted VAT inhomogeneity (P < 0.001). Conclusions: WISP1 levels are increased in obese persons and are directly related to adiposity, independent of glycemic status or insulin resistance; moreover, they are strongly associated with increased plasma IL-8 and signal abnormalities of VAT. The overall data add insights to the mechanisms underlying metabolic alterations and may open a scenario for innovative therapeutic approaches for diabetes prevention and care. © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Association between serum free fatty acids levels and gestational diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study; Background: This study aimed to assess the relationship between serum free fatty acid (FFA) levels and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese pregnant women. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed among 779 eligible pregnant women who underwent detailed prenatal visits in Hangzhou, China. Results: Patients with GDM had significantly higher serum FFA levels than those without GDM. Spearman's correlation analysis showed that FFA levels were positively correlated with fasting plasma glucose, lhPG, 2hPG, HOMA-IR, triglyceride, and sialic acid (p < 0.05) and negatively correlated with serum amylase level (all with p < 0.05). Stepwise logistic regression analysis further showed that elevated FFA levels significantly contributed to the risk for GDM. Conclusions: Our findings suggested that serum FFA levels were significantly associated with GDM.
Emerging roles for microRNAs in diabetic microvascular disease: Novel targets for therapy; Chronic, low-grade systemic inflammation and impaired microvascular function are critical hallmarks in the development of insulin resistance. Accordingly, insulin resistance is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Accumulating studies demonstrate that restoration of impaired function of the diabetic macro- and microvasculature may ameliorate a range of cardiovascular disease states and diabetes-associated complications. In this review, we focus on the emerging role of microRNAs (miRNAs), noncoding RNAs that finetune target gene expression and signaling pathways, in insulin-responsive tissues and cell types important for maintaining optimal vascular homeostasis and preventing the sequelae of diabetes-induced end organ injury.We highlight current pathophysiological paradigms of miRNAs and their targets involved in regulating the diabetic microvasculature in a range of diabetes-associated complications such as retinopathy, nephropathy, wound healing, and myocardial injury. Weprovide an update of the potential use of circulatingmiRNAs diagnostically in type I or type II diabetes. Finally, we discuss emerging delivery platforms for manipulating miRNA expression or function as the next frontier in therapeutic intervention to improve diabetes-associated microvascular dysfunction and its attendant clinical consequences. © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Prediabetes: A Worldwide Epidemic; Prediabetes, defined by blood glucose levels between normal and diabetic levels, is increasing rapidly worldwide. This abnormal physiologic state reflects the rapidly changing access to high-calorie food and decreasing levels of physical activity occurring worldwide, with resultant obesity and metabolic consequences. This is particularly marked in developing countries. Prediabetes poses several threats; there is increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and there are risks inherent to the prediabetes state, including microvascular and macrovascular disease. Studies have helped to elucidate the underlying pathophysiology of prediabetes and to establish the potential for treating prediabetes and preventing T2DM. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
A variation in KCNQ1 gene is associated with repaglinide efficacy on insulin resistance in Chinese Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients; Repaglinide is an insulin secretagogue that often exhibits considerable interindividual variability in therapeutic efficacy. The current study was designed to investigate the impact of KCNQ1 genetic polymorphism on the efficacy of repaglinide and furthermore to identify the potential mechanism of action in patients with type 2 diabetes. A total of 305 patients and 200 healthy subjects were genotyped for the KCNQ1 rs2237892 polymorphism, and 82 patients with T2DM were randomized for the oral administration of repaglinide for 8 weeks. HepG2 cells were incubated with repaglinide in the absence or presence of a KCNQ1 inhibitor or the pcDNA3.1-hKCNQ1 plasmid, after which the levels of Akt, IRS-2 and PI(3)K were determined. Our data showed that repaglinide significantly decreased HOMA-IR in patients with T2DM. Furthermore, the level of HOMA-IR was significantly reduced in those patients with CT or TT genotypes than CC homozygotes. The KCNQ1 inhibitor enhanced repaglinide efficacy on insulin resistance, with IRS-2/PI(3)K/Akt signaling being up-regulated markedly. As in our clinical experiment, these data strongly suggest that KCNQ1 genetic polymorphism influences repaglinide response due to the pivotal role of KCNQ1 in regulating insulin resistance through the IRS-2/PI(3)K/Akt signaling pathway. This study was registered in the Chinese Clinical Trial Register on May 14, 2013. (No. ChiCTR-CCC13003536). © 2016 The Author(s).
Medical Management of Diabesity: Do We Have Realistic Targets?; Purpose of Review: The global prevalence of “diabesity”—diabetes related to obesity—is increasing steadily over the past few decades because of the obesity epidemic. Although bariatric surgery is an effective treatment option for patients with diabesity, its limited availability, invasiveness, relatively high costs and the potential for surgical and postsurgical complications restrict its widespread use. Therefore, medical management is the only option for a majority of patients with diabesity. Diabetes control with several anti-diabetic agents, including insulin, causes weight gain with probability of worsening diabesity. Rational use of anti-diabetic medications with weight loss potential in varying combinations may help to address this key issue for long-term management of diabesity. There is no consensus on such an approach from different professional bodies like American Diabetes Association, European Association for Study of Diabetes, or International Diabetes Federation. We attempt to discuss the key issues and realistic targets for diabesity management in this paper. Recent Findings: Rational use of anti-diabetic combinations can mitigate worsening of diabesity to some extent while managing patients. Summary: Retrospective studies showed that combination therapy with glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists and sodium glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, when administered along with other anti-diabetic medications, offer the best therapeutic benefit in the medical management of diabesity. Different combinations of other anti-diabetic drugs with minimum weight gain potential were also found useful. Because of insufficient evidence based on prospective randomised controlled trials (RCTs), future research should focus on evolving the appropriate rational drug combinations for the medical management of diabesity. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Persistent influence of maternal obesity on offspring health: Mechanisms from animal models and clinical studies; The consequences of excessive maternal weight and adiposity at conception for the offspring are now well recognized. Maternal obesity increases the risk of overweight and obesity even in children born with appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) birth weights. Studies in animal models have employed both caloric excess and manipulation of macronutrients (especially high-fat) to mimic hypercaloric intake present in obesity. Findings from these studies show transmission of susceptibility to obesity, metabolic dysfunction, alterations in glucose homeostasis, hepatic steatosis, skeletal muscle metabolism and neuroendocrine changes in the offspring. This review summarizes the essential literature in this area in both experimental and clinical domains and focuses on the translatable aspects of these experimental studies. Moreover this review highlights emerging mechanisms broadly explaining maternal obesity-associated developmental programming. The roles of early developmental alterations and placental adaptations are also reviewed. Increasing evidence also points to changes in the epigenome and other emerging mechanisms such as alterations in the microbiome that may contribute to persistent changes in the offspring. Finally, we examine potential interventions that have been employed in clinical cohorts. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd
Gestational diabetes and offspring birth size at elevated environmental pollutant exposures; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased availability of glucose and macronutrients in fetal circulation and macrosomia. Therefore, the role of GDM in the association between metabolism-disrupting chemicals and birth size deserves attention. Objective We examined whether GDM may mediate or modify the associations between maternal environmental pollutant exposures and offspring birth size measures. Methods We analyzed 604 Faroese pregnant women and their offsprings born in 1997–2000. Maternal pregnancy serum concentrations of organochlorine compounds (OCs: polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE)), and five perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs), and hair and cord blood mercury concentrations were measured. We used regression (single-pollutants) and structural equation models (SEMs) (multiple-pollutant analyses using latent constructs of OCs, PFASs and mercury) to estimate the associations with GDM and birth size measures, accounting for mediation and/or effect modification by GDM. Results Serum-DDE and hair-mercury concentrations were associated with GDM (adjusted OR per concentration doubling: 1.29; 95% CI: 0.94, 1.77 for DDE, and 0.79; 95% CI: 0.62, 0.99 for mercury), but in multiple pollutant-adjusted SEMs only a positive association between OC exposure and GDM remained significant (change in GDM odds per OC doubling: 0.45; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.86). PCB and overall OC exposure were positively associated with head circumference (SEM; mean change per OC doubling: 0.13 cm; 95% CI, 0.01. 0.25). Overall PFAS exposure was inversely associated with birth weight (SEM; mean change per PFAS doubling: − 169 g; 95% CI: − 359, 21), and for many single-PFASs we found a pattern of inverse associations with birth weight and head circumference in boys, and positive or null associations in girls. None of the environmental pollutants was associated with offspring length. GDM neither modified nor mediated the associations with birth size measures. Conclusions We found associations with GDM and offspring birth size to be specific to the environmental pollutant or pollutant group. Associations with birth size measures appear to be independent of GDM occurrence. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
The fate of technical-grade chlordane in mice fed a high-fat diet and its roles as a candidate obesogen; Epidemiological studies indicate that exposure to persistent organic pollutants is positively associated with the prevalence of obesity. To delineate the potential role of technical-grade chlordane in obesity development, chlordane metabolism and chlordane-induced metabolic changes were investigated in mice fed high-fat diet (HFD) over a 6-week period. Gas chromatography–electron capture detector analysis showed that HFD induced more accumulation of technical chlordane in the liver, muscle and adipose tissue. The enantioselectivities of oxychlordane in selected tissues were also influenced by HFD.1H NMR-based liver metabolome indicated that technical chlordane can enhance the metabolic alterations induced by HFD. Compared with the low-fat diet (LFD) group, no differences were observed in the LFD + chlordane group. However, as many as 16 metabolites were significantly different between the HFD group and HFD + chlordane group. Moreover, compared to the LFD + chlordane group, the abundances of 24 metabolites significantly increased or decreased in the HFD + chlordane group. Twenty metabolites were altered in the HFD group compared to the LFD group. Tryptophan profiling suggested that both chlordane and HFD can disturb tryptophan catabolism. These interactions between technical chlordane and HFD suggest that technical chlordane is a candidate obesogen. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Insulin resistance in therapeutic clinic; Today an obesity became the global epidemic striking both children, and adults and represents one of the most important problems of health care worldwide. Excess accumulation of fatty tissue is resulted by insulin resistance and a compensatory hyperinsulinaemia which are the main predictors of development of a diabetes mellitus type 2. Insulin resistance is also one of key links of a pathogenesis of such diseases as cardiovascular pathology, not-alcoholic fatty liver disease, a polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes and many others. Depression of sensitivity of tissues to insulin can be physiological reaction of an organism to stress factors and pathological process. The endogenic reasons also take part in development of insulin resistance besides factors of the external environment. The role of genetic predisposition, a subclinical inflammation of fatty tissue, thyroid hormones, adipokines and vitamin D in formation of this pathological process is studied. As insulin resistance takes part in a pathogenesis of various diseases, methods of its diagnostics and correction are of great importance in therapeutic practice. At purpose of treatment it is worth giving preference to the drugs which are positively influencing sensitivity of tissues to insulin.
Evaluation of serum-free iron and glycated hemoglobin in uncontrolled type-II diabetic patients; Objective: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a common health problem in the world. Free iron may contribute to the pathogenesis and progress of this disease and its complication. Iron causes hyperinsulinemia by decreasing the insulin uptake and metabolism by hepatocytes. Elevated iron stores are commonly found in insulin resistance. Iron in its free form is known to induce oxidation of biomolecules by producing harmful hydroxyl radicals. In this study, we aimed to estimate and compare the serum levels of free iron in diabetes and healthy individuals. Methods: This study included 244 subjects in two groups. Group-I comprised 204 subjects with DM and Group-II comprised 40 healthy subjects. Blood sugar, free iron, and glycated hemoglobin were analyzed in blood samples using standard kits. The results of all the parameters were expressed as mean±standard deviation. Student t-test was done to assess the statistical significance between two groups. The association between the parameters was studied by Pearson correlation. Results: In this study, we found a significant increase in serum free iron in Group-I (p<0.01) when compared with Group-II. A significant correlation between the serum free iron and glycated hemoglobin (r=0.59; p<0.001) and fasting blood sugar (r=0.43; p<0.001). Conclusion: The elevated serum free iron in uncontrolled diabetes may contribute to oxidative stress which may be associated with complications of diabetes. © 2017 The Authors.
Oleate attenuates palmitate-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress and apoptosis in placental trophoblasts; Pre-pregnancy obesity is increasingly common and predisposes pregnant women and offspring to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, fetal growth abnormalities and stillbirth. Obese women exhibit elevated levels of the two most common dietary fatty acids, palmitate and oleate, and the maternal blood containing these nutrients bathes the surface of trophoblasts of placental villi in vivo. We test the hypothesis that the composition and concentration of free fatty acids modulate viability and function of primary human villous trophoblasts in culture. We found that palmitate increases syncytiotrophoblast death, specifically by caspase-mediated apoptosis, whereas oleate does not cause enhanced cell death. Importantly, exposure to both fatty acids in equimolar amounts yielded no increase in death or apoptosis, suggesting that oleate can protect syncytiotrophoblasts from palmitate-induced death. We further found that palmitate, but not oleate or oleate with palmitate, increases endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, signaling through the unfolded protein response, and yielding CHOP-mediated induction of apoptosis. Finally, we show that oleate or oleate plus palmitate both lead to increased lipid droplets in syncytiotrophoblasts, whereas palmitate does not. The data show palmitate is toxic to human syncytiotrophoblasts, through the induction of ER stress and apoptosis mediated by CHOP, whereas oleate is not toxic, abrogates palmitate toxicity and induces fat accumulation. We speculate that our in vitro results offer pathways by which the metabolic milieu of the obese pregnant woman can yield villous trophoblast dysfunction and sub-optimal placental function. © 2017 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Metabolic response to omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with diabetic nephropathy: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background & aims This study was carried out to evaluate the effects of omega-3 fatty acid administration on markers of insulin resistance, lipid concentrations, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with diabetic nephropathy (DN). Methods This parallel randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed among 60 patients with DN. Patients were randomly allocated into two groups to receive either 1000 mg/day omega-3 fatty acid from flaxseed oil (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at the onset of the study and 12 weeks after supplementation to assess glycaemic status, lipid concentrations, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress. Results After 12 weeks of treatment, patients who consumed omega-3 fatty acid supplements compared with the placebo had significantly decreased serum insulin levels (−39.6 ± 10.8 vs. −7.2 ± 8.4 pmol/L, P = 0.001), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated b cell function (HOMA-B) (−30.2 ± 11.2 vs. −1.5 ± 6.8, P = 0.03) and improved quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (+0.01 ± 0.004 vs. +0.002 ± 0.004, P = 0.03). Additionally, compared with the placebo, omega-3 fatty acid administration led to a significant reduction in serum triglycerides (−19.8 ± 8.8 vs. +12.6 ± 10.2 mg/dL, P = 0.01) and VLDL-cholesterol concentrations (−4.0 ± 1.8 vs. +2.5 ± 2.0 mg/dL, P = 0.01). Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acid had no significant effects on other lipid subfractions, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress compared with the placebo. In addition, within-group differences revealed significant reductions in serum insulin (P = 0.001), HOMA-IR (P = 0.004), HOMA-B (P = 0.01), serum triglycerides (P = 0.03), VLDL- (P = 0.03), total- (P < 0.001), LDL- (P = 0.002), total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.001), blood urea nitrogen (P = 0.04), and significant increases in QUICKI (P = 0.001) and nitric oxide (P = 0.005) and total antioxidant capacity concentrations (P = 0.02) in the omega-3 fatty acid group. Conclusions Our findings indicated that omega-3 fatty acid administration for 12 weeks among DN patients had favorable effects on insulin levels, HOMA-B, QUICKI, serum triglycerides and VLDL-cholesterol; however, it did not influence biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Obesity, persistent organic pollutants and related health problems; The present review aims to delve into persistent organic pollutants (POPs), as xenobiotics, in correlation to human health. POPs exhibit a group of common characteristics, including lipophilicity, persistence to decomposition and bioaccumulation in tissues. POPs have been thoroughly studied by former researchers, as they offer a particular interest in the elucidation of metabolic, endocrine and immune perturbation caused by their synergy with intracellular mechanisms. Herein particular focus is attributed to the relationship of POPs with obesity provocation. Obesity nowadays receives epidemic dimensions, as its prevalence elevates in an exponential degree. POPs-induced obesity rotates around interfering in metabolic and endocrinal procedures and interacting with peroxisome-proliferator and retinoic receptors. Moreover, polymorphisms in CYP gene families exert a negative result, as they incapacitate detoxification of POPs. Obesity could be deemed as a multidimensional condition, as various factors interact to lead to an obesogenic result. Therefore, concomitant disorders may occur, from mild to lethal, and get intensified due to POPs exposure. POPs exact function mechanisms remain rather enigmatic, thus further investigation should be prospectively performed, for a more lucid picture of this issue, and, consequently for the establishment of alternative solutions. © 2017, Springer International Publishing AG.
Correlation between serum free iron, glycated hemoglobin and insulin resistance in uncontrolled type-2 diabetic patients; Background: The link between iron and diabetes was first recognized in pathologic conditions—hereditary hemochromatosis and thalassemia—but high levels of dietary iron also impart diabetes risk. Free iron may contribute to the pathogenesis and progress of this disease and its complication. Iron causes hyperinsulinemia by decreasing the insulin uptake and metabolism by hepatocytes. Elevated iron stores are commonly found in insulin resistance. Iron in its free form is known to induce oxidation of biomolecules by producing harmful hydroxyl radicals. Aims and Objectives: In this study, we aimed to estimate and compare the serum levels of free iron in diabetes and healthy individuals. Methods and Materials: This study included 253 subjects in 2 groups. Group-I comprised 207 subjects with diabetes mellitus and Group-II comprised 46 healthy subjects. Blood sugar, free iron, and glycated hemoglobin were analyzed in blood samples using standard kits. The results of all the parameters were expressed as mean ± standard deviation. Student t-test was done to assess the statistical significance between 2 groups. The association between the parameters was studied by Pearson correlation. Result: In this study, we found a significant increase in serum free iron in Group-I (P < 0.01), when compared with Group-II. A significant correlation between the serum free iron and glycated hemoglobin (r = 0.59; P < 0.001) and fasting blood sugar (r = 0.43; P < 0.001). Conclusion: The elevated serum free iron in uncontrolled diabetes may contribute to oxidative stress which may be associated with complications of diabetes. © 2017 Anitha Achuthan and Uma Mageswari.
Body Mass Index as a Measure of Obesity: Racial Differences in Predictive Value for Health Parameters during Pregnancy; Background: As a measure of obesity, body mass index (BMI; kg/m2) is an imperfect predictor of health outcomes, particularly among African Americans. However, BMI is used to guide prenatal care. We examined racial differences in the predictive value of maternal BMI for physiologic correlates of obesity, serum interleukin (IL)-6 and C-reactive protein (CRP), as well as cesarean section and infant birth weight. Methods: One hundred five pregnant women (40 European American, 65 African American) were assessed during the second trimester. BMI was defined as per prepregnancy weight. Electrochemiluminescence and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays were used to quantify IL-6 and CRP, respectively. Birth outcomes were determined by medical record review. Results: Women of both races classified as obese had higher serum IL-6 and CRP than their normal-weight counterparts (ps ≤ 0.01). However, among women with overweight, elevations in IL-6 (p < 0.01) and CRP (p = 0.06) were observed among European Americans, but not African Americans (ps ≥ 0.61). Maternal obesity was a significantly better predictor of cesarean section among European Americans versus African Americans (p = 0.03) and BMI was associated with infant birth weight among European Americans (p < 0.01), but not African Americans (p = 0.94). Effects remained after controlling for gestational age at delivery, gestational diabetes, and gestational weight gain as appropriate. Conclusions: BMI may be a less valid predictor of correlates of overweight/obesity among African Americans versus European Americans during pregnancy. This should be considered in epidemiological studies of maternal-child health. In addition, studies examining the comparative validity of alternative/complementary measures to define obesity in pregnancy are warranted to inform clinical care. © Copyright 2016, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2016.
Influence of grand multiparity on the levels of insulin, glucose and HOMA-IR in comparison with nulliparity and primiparity; Objective: It is to compare the levels of fasting glucose and insulin as well as insulin resistance in grand multiparas with primiparity and nulliparity. Methodology: Fasting blood samples were collected from 100 non-pregnant ladies as control group, 100 primiparity pregnant women and 100 grand multiparity pregnant women. Glucose (FBS) and insulin (FSI) concentrations were measured by Hitachi 912 full automated Chemistry Analyzer (Roche Diagnostics, Germany) as manufacturer procedure. Insulin resistance was calculated following the formula: FBG (mg dL-1)×FSI (µU mL-1)/405. Results: This study found a significant reduction in glucose level in primiparity when compared to control group but it was increased significantly in multiparity comparing to primiparity and control. Insulin level showed significant high concentrations in pregnant women and increased significantly in grand multiparas comparing to primiparas and controls. As a result of that, HOMA-IR was increased significantly by increasing of parity. Also, there was a significant increase in fasting insulin and a decrease in insulin sensitivity with parity with association to age and obesity. Conclusion: Grand multiparity is associated with an increased risk of subsequent clinical insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). © 2017 Kamal Eldin Ahmed Abdelsalam and Abdelsamee Alobeid M. Elamin.
Maternal Metabolism and Vascular Adaptation in Pregnancy: The PPAR Link; Current therapies for pregnancy-related hypertension and its complications remain inadequate, although an increasing role for maternal susceptibility is becoming evident. Systemic vascular dysfunction in response to imbalances in angiogenic, inflammatory, and constricting factors is implicated in the pathogenesis of gestational hypertension, and growing evidence now links these factors with maternal metabolism. In particular, the crucial role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) in maternal vascular adaptation provides further insights into how obesity and gestational diabetes may be linked to pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia. This is especially important given the rapidly growing prevalence of obesity during pregnancy, and highlights a new approach to treat pregnancy-related hypertension and its complications. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Fibroblast growth factor 21-metabolic role in mice and men; Since its identification in 2000, the interest of scientists in the hepatokine fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21 has tremendously grown, and still remains high, due to a wealth of very robust data documenting this factor's favorable effects on glucose and lipidmetabolismin mice. For more than ten years now, intense in vivo and ex vivo experimentation addressed the physiological functions of FGF21 in humans as well as its pathophysiological role and pharmacological effects in human metabolic disease. This work produced a comprehensive collection of data revealing overlaps in FGF21 expression and function but also significant differences between mice and humans that have to be considered before translation from bench to bedside can be successful. This review summarizes what is known about FGF21 in mice and humans with a special focus on this factor's role in glucose and lipid metabolism and in metabolic diseases, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We highlight the discrepancies between mice and humans and try to decipher their underlying reasons. © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring; Background: Birth cohort studies link gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with impaired cognitive performance in the offspring. However, the mechanisms involved are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that obesity-associated GDM induces chronic neuroinflammation and disturbs the development of neuronal circuitry resulting in impaired cognitive abilities in the offspring. Methods: In rats, GDM was induced by feeding dams a diet high in sucrose and fatty acids. Brains of neonatal (E20) and young adult (15-week-old) offspring of GDM and lean dams were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, cytokine assay, and western blotting. Young adult offspring of GDM and lean dams went also through cognitive assessment. Cultured microglial responses to elevated glucose and/or fatty acids levels were analyzed. Results: In rats, impaired recognition memory was observed in the offspring of GDM dams. GDM exposure combined with a postnatal high-fat and sucrose diet resulted in atypical inattentive behavior in the offspring. These cognitive changes correlated with reduced density and derangement of Cornu Ammonis 1 pyramidal neuronal layer, decreased hippocampal synaptic integrity, increased neuroinflammatory status, and reduced expression of CX3CR1, the microglial fractalkine receptor regulating microglial pro-inflammatory responses and synaptic pruning. Primary microglial cultures that were exposed to high concentrations of glucose and/or palmitate were transformed into an activated, amoeboid morphology with increased nitric oxide and superoxide production, and altered their cytokine release profile. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that GDM stimulates microglial activation and chronic inflammatory responses in the brain of the offspring that persist into young adulthood. Reactive gliosis correlates positively with hippocampal synaptic decline and cognitive impairments. The elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine expression at the critical period of hippocampal synaptic maturation suggests that neuroinflammation might drive the synaptic and cognitive decline in the offspring of GDM dams. The importance of microglia in this process is supported by the reduced Cx3CR1 expression as an indication of the loss of microglial control of inflammatory responses and phagocytosis and synaptic pruning in GDM offspring.
MitoNEET deficiency alleviates experimental alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice by stimulating endocrine adiponectin-fgf15 axis; MitoNEET (mNT) (CDGSH iron-sulfur domain-containing protein 1 or CISD1) is an outer mitochondrial membrane protein that donates 2Fe-2S clusters to apo-acceptor proteins. In the present study, using a global mNT knock-out (mNTKO) mouse model, we investigated the in vivo functional role of mNT in the development of alcoholic steatohepatitis. Experimental alcoholic steatohepatitis was achieved by pair feeding wild-type (WT) and mNTKO mice with Lieber-DeCarli ethanol-containing diets for 4 weeks. Strikingly, chronically ethanol-fed mNTKO mice were completely resistant to ethanol-induced steatohepatitis as revealed by dramatically reduced hepatic triglycerides, decreased hepatic cholesterol level, diminished liver inflammatory response, and normalized serum ALT levels. Mechanistic studies demonstrated that ethanol administration to mNTKO mice induced two pivotal endocrine hormones, namely, adipose-derived adiponectin and gut-derived fibroblast growth factor 15 (Fgf15). The elevation in circulating levels of adiponectin and Fgf15 led to normalized hepatic and serum levels of bile acids, limited hepatic accumulation of toxic bile, attenuated inflammation, and amelioration of liver injury in the ethanol-fed mNTKO mice. Other potential mechanisms such as reduced oxidative stress, activated Sirt1 signaling, and diminished NF-KB activity also contribute to hepatic improvement in the ethanol-fed mNTKO mice. In conclusion, the present study identified adiponectin and Fgf15 as pivotal adipose-gut-liver metabolic coordinators in mediating the protective action of mNT deficiency against development of alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice. Our findings may help to establish mNT as a novel therapeutic target and pharmacological inhibition of mNT may be beneficial for the prevention and treatment of human alcoholic steatohepatitis. © 2016 by The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Gestational diabetes - Is diet and insulin the only solution?; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a relatively common complication of pregnancy. Maternal hyperglycemia causes many serious side effects for mothers, fetuses and newborns. In 90% of women diagnosed with GDM, a dietary treatment results in satisfactory levels of blood glucose. The remaining 10% require insulin therapy to achieve the recommended glycemic levels. The majority of recent studies show the efficiency of met for min in gestational diabetes and prove that it is not a cause for any harmful side effects to the embryo and/or fetus. Metformin is an effective alternative to insulin in glycemic control in pregnant women. The implementation of metformin, as a routine procedure in gestational diabetes, requires further research, the results of which would unequivocally confirm its efficacy and safety for pregnant women and their offspring. © 2017 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
2D-DIGE as a strategy to identify serum biomarkers in Mexican patients with Type-2 diabetes with different body mass index; Obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) are the most prevalent and serious metabolic diseases affecting people worldwide. However racial and ethnic disparities seems to be a risk factor for their development. Mexico has been named as one of the largest populations with the highest prevalence of diabetes and obesity. The aim of this study was to identify novel T2D-associated proteins in Mexican patients. Blood samples were collected from 62 Mexican patients with T2D and they were grouped according to their body mass index (BMI). A panel of 10 diabetes and obesity serum markers was determined using MAGPIX. A comparative proteomics study was performed using two-dimensional difference in-gel electrophoresis (2D-DIGE) followed by mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). We detected 113 spots differentially accumulated, in which 64 unique proteins were identified, proteins that were involved in metabolism pathways, molecular transport, and cellular signalling. Four proteins (14-3-3, ApoH, ZAG, and OTO3) showing diabetes-related variation and also changes in relation to obesity were selected for further validation by western blotting. Our results reveal new diabetes related proteins present in the Mexican population. These could provide additional insight into the understanding of diabetes development in Mexican population and may also be useful candidate biomarkers. © The Author(s) 2017.
Inositol - An effective growth promotor?; Inositol is a naturally occurring sugar-alcohol present in plants and animals, either in its free form, as a phospholipid component or as inositol phosphate (IP) esters. Dietary inositol is readily absorbed from the intestine via SMIT1 with levels being detectable in the blood as well as in various tissues. Recent studies have revealed a potential link between free inositol content and improved growth response in animals. There is limited data suggesting why an increase in inositol would result in improved growth; however, it would appear that inositol has numerous biological functions within the body. A number of tissues are capable of synthesising this polyol from glucose, although the kidney appears to be the primary site of catabolism. Studies investigating the effect of inositol deficiencies in various animal species have revealed a number of biological processes that are reliant on inositol to function. One of inositol's main functions appears to be its involvement as a phospholipid component of cell membranes and lipoproteins. Cell signalling pathways involving phosphoinositide phospholipids, such as the IP3/DAG and IGF/PIK/Akt pathways, lead to a number of cellular responses that are important for cell survival and growth. On a larger scale, inositol appears to be essential for both prenatal and postnatal development of peripheral nerves, CNS and bone. With regards to a potential growth response, upregulation of specific signalling pathways, such as the IGF/Akt/mTOR pathway, in the skeletal muscle has been shown in response to phytase supplementation and the consequential increase in free inositol. These signalling pathways are responsible for protein synthesis and increased glucose absorption in this tissue. Since inositol has also been shown to be an important regulator of the transport and deposition of fat, it may be possible to use inositol to support the growth of a lean animal. Copyright © World's Poultry Science Association 2016.
11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 2 promoter methylation is associated with placental protein expression in small for gestational age newborns; Small for gestational age infants have greater risk of developing metabolic diseases in adult life. It has been suggested that low birth weight may result from glucocorticoid excess in utero, a key mechanism in fetal programming. The placental enzyme 11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11β-HSD2, HSD11B2 gene) acts as a barrier protecting the fetus from maternal corticosteroid deleterious effects. Low placental 11β-HSD2 transcription and activity have been associated with low birth weight, yet the mechanism regulating its protein expression is not fully understood. In the present study we aimed to analyze 11β-HSD2 protein expression in placentas of adequate and small for gestational age (AGA and SGA, respectively) newborns from healthy mothers, and to explore whether 11β-HSD2 protein expression could be modulated by DNA methylation. 11β-HSD2 protein levels were measured by western blot in placental biopsies from term AGA and SGA infants (n = 10 per group). DNA methylation was profiled both globally and in the HSD11B2 promoter by liquid chromatography with UV detection and methylation-specific melting curve analysis, respectively. We found lower placental 11β-HSD2 protein expression and higher HSD11B2 promoter methylation in SGA compared to AGA. Promoter methylation was inversely correlated with both protein expression and, importantly, birth weight. No changes in global placental methylation were found. In conclusion, lower 11β-HSD2 protein expression is associated with higher HSD11B2 promoter methylation, correlating with birth weight in healthy pregnancy. Our data support the role of 11β-HSD2 in determining birth weight, providing evidence of its regulation by epigenetic mechanisms, which may affect postnatal metabolic disease risk. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Taurine effects on Metabolic Syndrome: Therapeutic approaches; Metabolic syndrome predisposes to diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, being an important issue for public health. A sufficient number of studies indicate that Taurine has a beneficial role against metabolic syndrome establishment by lowering oxidation of lipids, improving insulin resistance, regulating renin-angiotensin network, and lowering arterial pressure. This review summarizes the in vitro and in vivo research findings of beneficial abilities of taurine in obesity, dislipidemia, and diabetes mellitus. Also an investigation of possible molecular pathways of preventing metabolic syndrome with the use of taurine is included.
Characterization of the effects of the shiitake culinary-medicinal mushroom, Lentinus edodes (Agaricomycetes), on severe gestational diabetes mellitus in rats; This study evaluated the protective effect of Lentinus edodes in rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes mellitus (STZ-GDM) when administered orally. The rats received from the 1st to the 19th day of gestation daily doses of 100 or 200 mg/kg of lyophilized and reconstituted L. edodes; the animals in the saline control group and diabetic control group received a saline solution (DS). Gestational diabetes mellitus was induced by streptozotocin (80 mg/kg, administered intraperitoneally) on the fourth day of pregnancy; blood glucose > 180 mg/dL was considered to indicate STZ-GDM. L. edodes reduced catalase in plasma. We also observed reduced glucose in plasma, urea, triglycerides, and aspartate aminotransferase. There was a decrease in preimplantation loss when compared with the DS group. The doses of L. edodes used here had a protective effect on the preimplantation parameters in STZ-GDM. However, the mushroom was not able to reverse the deleterious effects caused by streptozotocin throughout the evolution of pregnancy. © 2017 Begell House, Inc.
MicroRNAs: Biomarkers, diagnostics, and therapeutics; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs (21–23 nucleotides in length) that regulate gene expression at translational or posttranslational levels. The major regulatory mechanisms include translational repression or mRNA degradation (Filipowicz et al., Curr Opin Struct Biol 15:331–341, 2005). Aberrant expression of miRNAs has been found to be associated with a variety of human diseases such as cancers/tumors, diabetes, viral infections, cardiovascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, and other diseases (Wang et al., J Cell Physiol 23:25–30, 2016; Lawrie, MicroRNAs in medicine, 2013). The expression of miRNAs is tissue specific and can be used to identify tumor type and its origin (Mishra and Merlino, J Clin Invest 119:2119–2123, 2009). Many investigations suggest that the miRNA-expression profiles are novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers for multiple human diseases. Manipulating relevant miRNA expression or function may serve as potential therapeutic strategies for different diseases. © Springer Science+Business Media LLC 2017.
Osteoprotegerin levels are associated with liver fat and liver markers in dysmetabolic adults; Aim This study aimed to determine the association between visceral adipose tissue (VAT), liver fat (LF) content, and other markers of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and osteoprotegerin (OPG) in dysmetabolic adults. Methods Subjects from the NUMEVOX cohort were included if they fulfilled at least one MetS criterion. They then underwent a thorough metabolic and cardiovascular evaluation, including arterial stiffness, atherosclerotic plaques, homoeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) indices and OPG. VAT and LF content were measured by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Ultrasound examination of arteries and arterial stiffness were recorded, and age- and gender-adjusted paired correlations calculated. Results Body mass index, waist circumference and MRI-derived VAT correlated with OPG, whereas abdominal subcutaneous fat did not. OPG levels were strongly correlated with LF content (r = 0.25, P = 0.003), liver markers such as alanine aminotransferase (r = 0.39, P < 0.001) and HOMA-IR index (r = 0.39, P < 0.0001). Plasma OPG also correlated with arterial stiffness and the number of atherosclerotic sites. Conclusion Plasma OPG levels are positively associated with both liver markers and increased LF content, but not with subcutaneous fat in dysmetabolic men. These findings suggest that elevated OPG levels may play a role in the link between fatty liver disease and enhanced cardiovascular risk. © 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS
Hepatocytes are the principal source of circulating RBP4 in mice; RBP4 is produced mainly by hepatocytes. In type 2 diabetes and obesity, circulating RBP4 is increased and may act systemically to cause insulin resistance and glucose intolerance. Observations that adipocyte RBP4 mRNA increases in parallel with circulating RBP4 in these conditions, whereas liver RBP4 mRNA does not, led to a widely held hypothesis that elevated circulating RBP4 is a direct result of increased production by adipocytes. To test this, we generated mice with hepatocytespecific deletion of RBP4 (liver RBP4 knockout or LRKO mice). Adipose tissue RBP4 expression and secretion remained intact in LRKO mice and increased as expected in the setting of diet-induced insulin resistance. However, circulating RBP4 was undetectable in LRKO mice. We conclude that adipocyte RBP4 is not a significant source of circulating RBP4, even in the setting of insulin resistance. Adipocyte RBP4, therefore, may have a more important autocrine or paracrine function that is confined within the adipose tissue compartment. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Pregnancy urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and gestational diabetes risk factors; Background Epidemiologic studies suggest phthalate metabolite concentrations are associated with type 2 diabetes. GDM is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes. Little is known about phthalates and GDM risk factors (i.e. 1st trimester body mass index (BMI), gestational weight gain (GWG), and 2nd trimester glucose levels). Methods A total of 350 women participating in Lifecodes pregnancy cohort (Boston, MA), delivered at term and had pregnancy urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations. Nine specific gravity-adjusted urinary phthalate metabolites were evaluated. General linear regression was used to assess associations between quartiles of phthalate metabolites and continuous 1st trimester BMI and late 2nd trimester blood glucose. Linear mixed models were used for total GWG. Multivariable logistic regression was used for phthalate concentrations and categorized GWG and impaired glucose tolerance defined as glucose ≥140 mg/dL based on a 50-gram glucose load test. Models were adjusted for potential confounders. Results There were no associations between 1st trimester urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and 1st trimester BMI. Mono-ethyl phthalate concentrations averaged across pregnancy were associated with a 2.17 increased odds of excessive GWG (95% CI: 0.98, 4.79). Second trimester mono-ethyl phthalate was associated with increased odds of impaired glucose tolerance (adj. OR: 7.18; 95% CI: 1.97, 26.15). A summary measure of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate metabolite concentrations were inversely associated with impaired glucose tolerance (adj. OR: 0.25; adj. 95% CI: 0.08, 0.85). Conclusions Higher exposure to mono-ethyl phthalate, a metabolite of the parent compound of di-ethyl phthalate, may be associated with excessive GWG and impaired glucose tolerance; higher di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate was associated with reduced odds of impaired glucose tolerance. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
The role of sex steroids in white adipose tissue adipocyte function; With the increasing knowledge that gender influences normal physiology, much biomedical research has begun to focus on the differential effects of sex on tissue function. Sexual dimorphism in mammals is due to the combined effects of both genetic and hormonal factors. Hormonal factors are mutable particularly in females in whom the estrous cycle dominates the hormonal milieu. Given the severity of the obesity epidemic and the fact that there are differences in the obesity rates in men and women, the role of sex in white adipose tissue function is being recognized as increasingly important. Although sex differences in white adipose tissue distribution are well established, the mechanisms affecting differential function of adipocytes within white adipose tissue in males and females remain largely understudied and poorly understood. One of the largest differences in the endocrine environment in males and females is the concentration of circulating androgens and estrogens. This review examines the effects of androgens and estrogens on lipolysis/lipogenesis, adipocyte differentiation, insulin sensitivity and adipokine production in adipocytes from white adipose tissue with a specific emphasis on the sexual dimorphism of adipocyte function in white adipose tissue during both health and disease. © 2017 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Lipid metabolism is associated with developmental epigenetic programming; Maternal diet and metabolism impact fetal development. Epigenetic reprogramming facilitates fetal adaptation to these in utero cues. To determine if maternal metabolite levels impact infant DNA methylation globally and at growth and development genes, we followed a clinical birth cohort of 40 mother-infant dyads. Targeted metabolomics and quantitative DNA methylation were analyzed in 1st trimester maternal plasma (M1) and delivery maternal plasma (M2) as well as infant umbilical cord blood plasma (CB). We found very long chain fatty acids, medium chain acylcarnitines, and histidine were: (1) stable in maternal plasma from pregnancy to delivery, (2) significantly correlated between M1, M2, and CB, and (3) in the top 10% of maternal metabolites correlating with infant DNA methylation, suggesting maternal metabolites associated with infant DNA methylation are tightly controlled. Global DNA methylation was highly correlated across M1, M2, and CB. Thus, circulating maternal lipids are associated with developmental epigenetic programming, which in turn may impact lifelong health and disease risk. Further studies are required to determine the causal link between maternal plasma lipids and infant DNA methylation patterns. © 2016 The Author(s).
Pregnancy and bile acid disorders; During pregnancy, extensive adaptations in maternal metabolic and immunological physiology occur. Consequently, preexisting disease may be exacerbated or attenuated, and new disease susceptibility may be unmasked. Cholestatic diseases, characterized by a supraphysiological raise in bile acid levels, require careful monitoring during pregnancy. This review describes the latest advances in the knowledge of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), the most common bile acid disorder specific to pregnancy, with a focus on the disease etiology and potential mechanisms of ICP-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes, including fetal demise. The course of preexisting cholestatic conditions in pregnancy is considered, including primary sclerosing cholangitis, primary biliary cholangitis, biliary atresia, and Alagille syndrome. The currently accepted treatments for cholestasis in pregnancy and promising new therapeutics for the condition are described. © 2017 the American Physiological Society.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ 2 modulates late-pregnancy homeostatic metabolic adaptations; Pregnancy requires adaptation of maternal energy metabolism, including expansion and functional modifications of adipose tissue. Insulin resistance (IR), predominantly during late gestation, is a physiological metabolic adaptation that serves to support the metabolic demands of fetal growth. The molecular mechanisms underlying these adaptations are not fully understood and may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) controls adipogenesis, glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. The PPARγ2 isoform is mainly expressed in adipocytes and is thus likely to contribute to adipose tissue adaptation during late pregnancy. In the present study, we investigated the contribution of PPARγ2 to the metabolic adaptations occurring during the late phase of pregnancy in the context of IR. Using a model of late pregnancy in PPARγ2 knockout (KO) mice, we found that deletion of PPARγ2 exacerbated IR in association with lower serum adiponectin levels, increased body weight and enhanced lipid accumulation in the liver. Lack of PPARγ2 provoked changes in the distribution of fat mass and preferentially prevented expansion of the perigonadal depot while at the same time exacerbating inflammation. Pregnant PPARγ2KO mice presented adipose tissue depot-dependent decreased expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. Collectively, these data indicate that PPARγ2 is essential in promoting healthy adipose tissue expansion and immune and metabolic functionality during pregnancy, contributing to the physiological adaptations that lead gestation to term. © 2016, Uninversity of Michigan. All rights reserved.
Interventions for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus: An overview of Cochrane Reviews; This is the protocol for a review and there is no abstract. The objectives are as follows: To summarise the evidence from Cochrane systematic Reviews regarding the effects of interventions for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2016 The Cochrane Collaboration.
Diabetes management by probiotics: Current knowledge and future perspectives; Diabetes mellitus, a multifactorial disorder, is related to the intestinal microbiota via numerous molecular mechanisms. The vast increase in the prevalence of diabetes and its associated complications requires a natural and safe solution. There is a growing evidence of gut microbiota efficiency in improving insulin resistance, impaired insulin secretion, and metabolic complications in diabetic patients. Probiotics are defined as live microorganisms that, when ingested in adequate amounts, exert health benefits to the host. Probiotics can increase insulin sensitivity and reduce autoimmune responses by modulating intestinal microbiota and decreasing the inflammatory reactions and oxidative stress. Recent evidences show that the intestinal microbiota influences the host through modulating intestinal permeability and mucosal immune response, manipulating eating behaviors by appetite-regulating hormones, including agouti related protein (AgRP), glucagon like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and neuropeptide Y, and controlling gut endocannabinoid (eCB) system which is now believed to be associated with inflammation and diabetes. Moreover, intestinal microbiota control the host metabolism by affecting energy extraction from food and by biochemically converting molecules derived from the host or from gut microbes themselves. Experimental studies and clinical trials support the hypothesis that the modulation of the intestinal microbiota by probiotics, especially Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium strains may be effective in prevention and management of diabetes. This review will highlight the current evidences in probiotic effectiveness and future prospects for exploring probiotic therapy in prevention and control of diabetes. © 2017 Hogrefe.
Amelioration of fatty liver index in patients with type 2 diabetes on ipragliflozin: An association with glucose-lowering effects; In this study, we investigated the ameliorating effects of ipragliflozin on fatty liver in patients with type 2 diabetes. The factors that influenced the amelioration of fatty liver were also examined. Analysis included data of 21 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes obtained from our prospective observational study. After obtaining patients’ informed consent, once-daily ipragliflozin (50 mg/day) was given for 16 weeks. In addition to several clinical parameters, body composition was also compared before and after 16 weeks of treatment. The extent of fatty liver was estimated using a fatty liver index (FLI). After 16 weeks, FLI significantly decreased, from 70.1 ± 19.4 to 60.3 ± 25.5 (p = 0.0009) as well as levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), HbA1c, body weight, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and fat mass. To reveal the factors influencing the FLI changes observed on ipragliflozin treatment, correlations between changes in FLI and several other measured parameters were examined. Changes in FPG (correlation coefficient = 0.4683, p = 0.0323) and HbA1c (correlation coefficient = 0.4383, p = 0.0469) showed significant positive correlations with changes in FLI. On the other hand, no correlations of changes in FLI were observed with body weight, VAT, SAT nor fat mass. In conclusion, ipragliflozin ameliorated FLI in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes. Improvement in FLI was associated with that of glucose intolerance. © The Japan Endocrine Society.
In Vitro and in Vivo Effects of Norathyriol and Mangiferin on α-Glucosidase; Norathyriol is a metabolite of mangiferin. Mangiferin has been reported to inhibit α-glucosidase. To the best of our knowledge, no study has been conducted to determine or compare those two compounds on inhibiting α-glucosidase in vitro and in vivo by far. In this study, we determined the inhibitory activity of norathyriol and mangiferin on α-glucosidase in vitro and evaluated their antidiabetic effect in diabetic mice. The results showed that norathyriol inhibited α-glucosidase in a noncompetitive manner with an IC50 value of 3.12 μM, which is more potent than mangiferin (IC50 = 358.54 μM) and positive drug acarbose (IC50 = 479.2 μM) in the zymological experiment. Both of norathyriol and mangiferin caused significant (p<0.05) reduction in fasting blood glucose and the blood glucose levels at two hours after carbohydrate loading and it was interesting that mangiferin and norathyriol can make the decline of the blood glucose earlier than other groups ever including normal group in the starch tolerance test. However, norathyriol and mangiferin did not significantly influence carbohydrate absorption in the glucose tolerance test. Therefore, the antidiabetic effects of norathyriol and mangiferin might be associated with α-glucosidase, and norathyriol was more potent than mangiferin. © 2017 Zhi-Long Shi et al.
Metformin: From Research to Clinical Practice; Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
The role of polycarbonate monomer bisphenol-A in insulin resistance; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a synthetic unit of polycarbonate polymers and epoxy resins, the types of plastics that could be found in essentially every human population and incorporated into almost every aspect of the modern human society. BPA polymers appear in a wide range of products, from liquid storages (plastic bottles, can and glass linings, water pipes and tanks) and food storages (plastics wraps and containers), to medical and dental devices. BPA polymers could be hydrolyzed spontaneously or in a photo-or temperature-catalyzed process, providing widespread environmental distribution and chronic exposure to the BPA monomer in contemporary human populations. Bisphenol A is also a xenoestrogen, an endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) that interferes with the endocrine system mimicking the effects of an estrogen and could potentially keep our endocrine system in a constant perturbation that parallels endocrine disruption arising during pregnancy, such as insulin resistance (IR). Gestational insulin resistance represents a natural biological phenomenon of higher insulin resistance in peripheral tissues of the pregnant females, when nutrients are increasingly being directed to the embryo instead of being stored in peripheral tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus may appear in healthy non-diabetic females, due to gestational insulin resistance that leads to increased blood sugar levels and hyperinsulinemia (increased insulin production from the pancreatic beta cells). The hypothesis states that unnoticed and constant exposure to this environmental chemical might potentially lead to the formation of chronic low-level endocrine disruptive state that resembles gestational insulin resistance, which might contribute to the development of diabetes. The increasing body of evidence supports the major premises of this hypothesis, as exemplified by the numerous publications examining the association of BPA and insulin resistance, both epidemiological and mechanistic. However, to what extent BPA might contribute to the development of diabetes in the modern societies still remains unknown. In this review, I discuss the chemical properties of BPA and the sources of BPA contamination found in the environment and in human tissues. I provide an overview of mechanisms for the proposed role of bisphenol A in insulin resistance and diabetes, as well as other related diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases. I describe the transmission of BPA effects to the offspring and postulate that gender related differences might originate from differences in liver enzyme levels, such as UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, which is involved in BPA processing and its elimination from the organism. I discuss the molecular mechanisms of BPA action through nuclear and membrane-bound ER receptors, non-monotonic dose response, epigenetic modifications of the DNA and propose that chronic exposure to weak binders, such as BPA, may mimic the effects of strong binders, such as estrogens. 2017 Pjanic.
A Different Perspective for Management of Diabetes Mellitus: Controlling Viral Liver Diseases; Knowing how to prevent and treat diabetes mellitus (DM) earlier is essential to improving outcomes. Through participating in synthesis and catabolism of glycogen, the liver helps to regulate glucose homeostasis. Viral related liver diseases are associated with glycometabolism disorders, which means effective management of viral liver diseases may be a therapeutic strategy for DM. The present article reviews the correlation between DM and liver diseases to give an update of the management of DM rooted by viral liver diseases. © 2017 Yingying Zhao and Huichun Xing.
High dietary choline and betaine intake is associated with low insulin resistance in the Newfoundland population; Objective Dietary betaine supplement could ameliorate insulin resistance (IR) in animals, but no data are available for choline. Reports on humans are rare. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between dietary choline and betaine intake and IR in humans. Methods We assessed 2394 adults from the CODING (Complex Diseases in the Newfoundland population: Environment and Genetics) study. Intake of dietary choline and betaine was evaluated from the Willett Food Frequency Questionnaire. IR was estimated by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA-IR) and the quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Partial correlation analysis was used to determine the correlations of dietary choline and betaine intake with IR adjusted for major confounding factors. Results Dietary choline and betaine intake was inversely correlated with levels of fasting glucose and insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA-β (r = −0.08 to −0.27 for choline and r = −0.06 to −0.16 for betaine; P < 0.05) and positively related to QUICKI (r = 0.16–0.25 for choline and r = 0.11–0.16 for betaine; P < 0.01) in both sexes after controlling for age, total calorie intake, and physical activity level. The significant associations disappeared in men after percent trunk fat was added as a confounding factor. Furthermore, individuals with the highest tertile of dietary choline and betaine intake had the lowest IR severity. Dietary choline and betaine intake, however, was the lowest in the high IR group, intermediate in the medium group, and the highest in the low IR group. Conclusion This study demonstrated that higher intake of dietary choline and betaine is associated with lower IR in the general population. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic concomitants of obese and nonobese women with features of polycystic ovarian syndrome; Context: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is often associated with obesity and diabetes. Objective: The present study measured body fat distribution and metabolic risk factors in women with features of PCOS. Design: Cross-sectional, multiethnic study of cardiovascular risks. Setting: General community. Study Participants: 145 PCOS and 344 non-PCOS women. Exposure Measures: Body composition by dual x-ray absorptiometry; abdominal fat masses measured by magnetic resonance imaging and hepatic triglyceride by magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Outcomes Measures: Body composition, liver fat content, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), revised, and metabolic syndrome components. Results: PCOS women had a higher free androgen index compared with the non-PCOS women. Nonobese PCOS and non-PCOS women had a similar body fat content and distribution, HOMA-IR, and hepatic triglyceride content. Obese PCOS women had a similar total body fat percentage compared with their non-PCOS counterparts (41.4% and 41.4% respectively). Both obese groups had similar intraperitoneal fat (1.4% of total body mass in PCOS vs 1.4% in non-PCOS). However, obese PCOS women had a greater ratio of truncal/lower body fat (1.42 vs 1.27; P < 0.016). They also had greater insulin resistance (HOMA-IR: PCOS, 2.24% vs non-PCOS, 1.91%; P < 0.016), higher liver triglyceride content (6.96% in PCOS vs 4.44% in non-PCOS; P,0.016), and a greater incidence of hypertension (33% vs 24%; P < 0.05). No differences were observed in other metabolic risk factors. Conclusions: Both obese and nonobese women with PCOS features had a greater free androgen index compared with non-PCOS women, but neither had greater intraperitoneal fat or abnormal lipid levels. Obese, but not nonobese, women with PCOS had a greater truncal/lower extremity fat ratio, HOMA-IR, and liver triglyceride content. © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Maternal obesity programs mitochondrial and lipid metabolism gene expression in infant umbilical vein endothelial cells; Background/Objectives: Maternal obesity increases risk for childhood obesity, but molecular mechanisms are not well understood. We hypothesized that primary umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) from infants of overweight and obese mothers would harbor transcriptional patterns reflecting offspring obesity risk.Subjects/Methods: In this observational cohort study, we recruited 13 lean (pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) <25.0 kg m-2) and 24 overweight-obese ('ov-ob', BMI≥25.0 kg m-2) women. We isolated primary HUVEC, and analyzed both gene expression (Primeview, Affymetrix) and cord blood levels of hormones and adipokines. Results: A total of 142 transcripts were differentially expressed in HUVEC from infants of overweight-obese mothers (false discovery rate, FDR<0.05). Pathway analysis revealed that genes involved in mitochondrial and lipid metabolism were negatively correlated with maternal BMI (FDR<0.05). To test whether these transcriptomic patterns were associated with distinct nutrient exposures in the setting of maternal obesity, we analyzed the cord blood lipidome and noted significant increases in the levels of total free fatty acids (lean: 95.5±37.1 μg ml-1, ov-ob: 124.1±46.0 μg ml-1, P=0.049), palmitate (lean: 34.5±12.7 μg ml-1, ov-ob: 46.3±18.4 μg ml-1, P=0.03) and stearate (lean: 20.8±8.2 μg ml-1, ov-ob: 29.7±17.2 μg ml-1, P=0.04), in infants of overweight-obese mothers. Conclusions: Prenatal exposure to maternal obesity alters HUVEC expression of genes involved in mitochondrial and lipid metabolism, potentially reflecting developmentally programmed differences in oxidative and lipid metabolism. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature.
Significant health potential of cereal grains to encounter hyperglycaemia: A review; Over the last few decades life style modifications have after effect in drastic increase in the incidence of diabetes all over the world. Oral antidiabetic drugs and insulin form the main stay in controlling diabetes but they have predominant side effects and fail to significantly alter or reduce the complications of diabetics. Appropriate diet and exercise programmes which form a part of lifestyle changes have proven to be greatly effective in the management of this disease. Transitions in dietary intake are showing a bright future in the control, prevention and treatment of diabetes. Cereal grains which form the staple diet for humans in most of the countries are increasingly being used to control hyperglycaemia in diabetes and other associated disorders in view of their antidiabetic potential. Given this background, this paper reviews the possible mechanisms of lowering blood sugar levels possessed by various commonly consumed cereal grains. © 2016 Indian Society of Agricultural Biochemists. All rights reserved.
The U-shaped relationship between fibroblast growth factor 21 and microvascular complication in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum FGF21 level and all microvascular complication including cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods A total 227 T2DM patients were enrolled and serum FGF21 levels were assessed. Diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy, peripheral neuropathy (DPN), and CAN were evaluated. Results The prevalence of retinopathy and nephropathy among the FGF21 tertiles was significantly different (p = 0.001, p = 0.006, respectively), whereas no difference was found in the prevalence of DPN and CAN. In multivariate analysis, the odds ratio (OR) for the presence of retinopathy was 0.08 for the FGF21 second tertile when compared with the first tertile (p = 0.029). OR of retinopathy in third tertile group was lower than first tertile and higher than second tertile, but statistically insignificant. Crude OR for nephropathy was 0.34 for the second FGF21 tertile, when compared with the first tertile (p = 0.015). However, FGF21 level was not significantly associated with nephropathy after multivariable adjustment. Conclusions In the present study, there was no association between diabetic nephropathy, DPN, and CAN and serum FGF21 levels. However, we found a U-shaped relationship between both lower and higher serum FGF21 levels and diabetic retinopathy. This result suggests that the very low serum FGF21 level itself may associate with diabetic retinopathy and also relatively elevated serum FGF21 level may be a compensatory increase to protect against microvascular injury. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Mid-arm muscle circumference as a surrogate in predicting insulin resistance in non-obese elderly individuals; The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to measure the degree of insulin resistance (IR). Previous literature revealed that mid-arm muscle circumference (MAMC) is one of the anthropometric indicators for nutritional status and the relationship between MAMC and HOMA-IR remains uncertain in the obese and non-obese elderly individuals. The present study included 5,607 participants aged between 60 to 84 years old, using data from the 1999 to 2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). To further explore the association between HOMA-IR and MAMC in the obese and non-obese elderly population using multivariate Cox regression analyses, we divided the participants into obese (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) group and non-obese (19 ≤ BMI < 30 kg/m2) group in this study; each group was then divided into quartiles based on their MAMC levels. A positive association was noted between the MAMC and HOMA-IR in all of the designed models initially. After adjusting for multiple covariates, a higher level of the MAMC was significantly associated with elevated HOMA-IR (P < 0.05) in the non-obesity group, which was not the case in the obesity group. Additionally, subjects in the higher quartiles of MAMC tended to have higher HOMA-IR with a significant association (P for trend = 0.003 in model 1; P for trend < 0.001 in model 2, 3, and 4). These results demonstrated that the MAMC can be an auxiliary indicator of HOMA-IR in nonobese elderly individuals and may have substantial additional value in screening for IR if well extrapolated. © Chao et al.
Perinatal and postnatal determinants of brain development: Recent studies and methodological advances; Perinatal diet is an important factor in programming brain development and susceptibility to obesity. There are currently several elegant and simple prenatal and postnatal animal models in use to mimic the effects of early life overfeeding and to study its impact on brain and metabolic development. In this chapter we will discuss the background to some of these models, with a specific focus on manipulating rodent litter sizes to alter the early life nutritional environment. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2016.
Monomeric eNAMPT in the development of experimental diabetes in mice: a potential target for type 2 diabetes treatment; Aims/hypothesis: Serum extracellular nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (eNAMPT) concentrations are elevated in type 2 diabetes. However, the relationship between abnormally elevated serum eNAMPT and type 2 diabetes pathophysiology is unclear. eNAMPT circulates in functionally and structurally distinct monomeric and dimeric forms. Dimeric eNAMPT promotes NAD biosynthesis. The role of eNAMPT-monomer is unclear but it may have NAD-independent proinflammatory effects. However, studies of eNAMPT in type 2 diabetes have not distinguished between monomeric and dimeric forms. Since type 2 diabetes is characterised by chronic inflammation, we hypothesised a selective NAD-independent role for eNAMPT-monomer in type 2 diabetes. Methods: Two mouse models were used to examine the role of eNAMPT-monomer in type 2 diabetes; (1) a mouse model of diabetes fed a high-fat diet (HFD) for 10 weeks received i.p. injections with an anti-monomeric-eNAMPT antibody; and (2) lean non-diabetic mice received i.p. injections with recombinant monomeric eNAMPT daily for 14 days. Results: Serum monomeric eNAMPT levels were elevated in HFD-fed mouse models of diabetes, whilst eNAMPT-dimer levels were unchanged. eNAMPT-monomer neutralisation in HFD-fed mice resulted in lower blood glucose levels, amelioration of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and whole-body insulin resistance, improved pancreatic islet function, and reduced inflammation. These effects were maintained for at least 3 weeks post-treatment. eNAMPT-monomer administration induced a diabetic phenotype in mice, characterised by elevated blood glucose, IGT, impaired pancreatic insulin secretion and the presence of systemic and tissue inflammation, without changes in NAD levels. Conclusions/interpretation: We demonstrate that elevation of monomeric-eNAMPT plays an important role in the pathogenesis of diet-induced diabetes via proinflammatory mechanisms. These data provide proof-of-concept evidence that the eNAMPT-monomer represents a potential therapeutic target for type 2 diabetes. © 2016, The Author(s).
Shrimp oil extracted from the shrimp processing waste reduces the development of insulin resistance and metabolic phenotypes in diet-induced obese rats; Diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, chronic inflammation, and oxidative stress represent the main features of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The present study was conducted to examine the efficacy and mechanisms of shrimp oil on glucose homeostasis in obese rats. Male CD rats fed a high-fat diet (52 kcal% fat) and 20% fructose drinking water were divided into 4 groups and treated with the dietary replacement of 0%, 10%, 15%, or 20% of lard with shrimp oil for 10 weeks. Age-matched rats fed a low-fat diet (10 kcal% fat) were used as the normal control. Rats on the high-fat diet showed impaired (p < 0.05) glucose tolerance and insulin resistance compared with rats fed the low-fat diet. Shrimp oil improved (p < 0.05) oral glucose tolerance, insulin response, and homeostatic model assessment-estimated insulin resistance index; decreased serum insulin, leptin, hemoglobin A1c, and free fatty acids; and increased adiponectin. Shrimp oil also increased (p < 0.05) antioxidant capacity and reduced oxidative stress and chronic inflammation. The results demonstrated that shrimp oil dose-dependently improved glycemic control in obese rats through multiple mechanisms. © 2017, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
Genomic Characterization of Metformin Hepatic Response; Metformin is used as a first-line therapy for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and prescribed for numerous other diseases. However, its mechanism of action in the liver has yet to be characterized in a systematic manner. To comprehensively identify genes and regulatory elements associated with metformin treatment, we carried out RNA-seq and ChIP-seq (H3K27ac, H3K27me3) on primary human hepatocytes from the same donor treated with vehicle control, metformin or metformin and compound C, an AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) inhibitor (allowing to identify AMPK-independent pathways). We identified thousands of metformin responsive AMPK-dependent and AMPK-independent differentially expressed genes and regulatory elements. We functionally validated several elements for metformin-induced promoter and enhancer activity. These include an enhancer in an ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM) intron that has SNPs in linkage disequilibrium with a metformin treatment response GWAS lead SNP (rs11212617) that showed increased enhancer activity for the associated haplotype. Expression quantitative trait locus (eQTL) liver analysis and CRISPR activation suggest that this enhancer could be regulating ATM, which has a known role in AMPK activation, and potentially also EXPH5 and DDX10, its neighboring genes. Using ChIP-seq and siRNA knockdown, we further show that activating transcription factor 3 (ATF3), our top metformin upregulated AMPK-dependent gene, could have an important role in gluconeogenesis repression. Our findings provide a genome-wide representation of metformin hepatic response, highlight important sequences that could be associated with interindividual variability in glycemic response to metformin and identify novel T2D treatment candidates. © 2016 Luizon et al.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference; OBJECTIVE Type 2 diabetes increases the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a potentially reversible condition but is also associated with progressive fibrosis and cirrhosis. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have a higher risk for NAFLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS One hundred women without diabetes who had pGDM (median [interquartile range]: age 38.6 [6.4] years; BMI 31.0 [6.2] kg/m2) and 11 healthy control subjects without NAFLD (age 37.9 [7.8] years; BMI 28.1 [0.8] kg/m2) underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), DXA whole-body scan, and ultrasonic evaluation of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS Twenty-four (24%) women with pGDM had NAFLD on the basis of the ultrasound scan. None had cirrhosis. Women with NAFLD had a higher BMI (P = 0.0002) and waist circumference (P = 0.0003), increased insulin resistance (P = 0.0004), and delayed suppression of glucagon after the OGTT (P < 0.0001), but NAFLD was not associated with the degree of glucose intolerance (P = 0.2196). Visceral fat mass differed among the three groups, with the NAFLD group having the highest amount of fat and the control subjects the lowest (P = 0.0003). By logistic regression analysis, insulin resistance (P = 0.0057) and waist circumference (P = 0.0109) were independently associated with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS NAFLD was prevalent in this cohort of relatively young and nonseverely obese womenwith pGDMwho are considered healthy apart fromtheir increased risk for diabetes. Insulin resistance and a larger waist circumference were independently associated with the presence of NAFLD, whereas glucose intolerance was not. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Skeletal muscle lipotoxicity in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes: A causal mechanism or an innocent bystander?; Dysfunctional adipose tissue is associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D). One characteristic of a dysfunctional adipose tissue is the reduced expandability of the subcutaneous adipose tissue leading to ectopic storage of fat in organs and/or tissues involved in the pathogenesis of T2D that can cause lipotoxicity. Accumulation of lipids in the skeletal muscle is associated with insulin resistance, but the majority of previous studies do not prove any causality. Most studies agree that it is not the intramuscular lipids per se that causes insulin resistance, but rather lipid intermediates such as diacylglycerols, fatty acyl-CoAs and ceramides and that it is the localization, composition and turnover of these intermediates that play an important role in the development of insulin resistance and T2D. Adipose tissue is a more active tissue than previously thought, and future research should thus aim at examining the exact role of lipid composition, cellular localization and the dynamics of lipid turnover on the development of insulin resistance. In addition, ectopic storage of fat has differential impact on various organs in different phenotypes at risk of developing T2D; thus, understanding how adipogenesis is regulated, the interference with metabolic outcomes and what determines the capacity of adipose tissue expandability in distinct population groups is necessary. This study is a review of the current literature on the adipose tissue expandability hypothesis and how the following ectopic lipid accumulation as a consequence of a limited adipose tissue expandability may be associated with insulin resistance in muscle and liver. © 2017 European Society of Endocrinology Printed in Great Britain.
Maternal Dietary Patterns and Gestational Diabetes Risk: A Case-Control Study; Background. Maternal dietary patterns play an important role in the progress of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to explore this association. Method. A total of 388 pregnant women (122 case and 266 control) were included. Dietary intake were collected using a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). GDM was diagnosed using a 100-gram, 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary pattern was identified by factor analysis. To investigate the relation between each of the independent variables with gestational diabetes, the odds ratio (OR) was calculated. Results. Western dietary pattern was high in sweets, jams, mayonnaise, soft drinks, salty snacks, solid fat, high-fat dairy products, potatoes, organ meat, eggs, red meat, processed foods, tea, and coffee. The prudent dietary pattern was characterized by higher intake of liquid oils, legumes, nuts and seeds, fruits and dried fruits, fish and poultry whole, and refined grains. Western dietary pattern was associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus before and after adjustment for confounders (OR = 1.97, 95% CI: 1.27-3.04, OR = 1.68, 95% CI: 1.04-2.27). However, no significant association was found for a prudent pattern. Conclusion. These findings suggest that the Western dietary pattern was associated with an increased risk of GDM. © 2017 Fatemeh Sedaghat et al.
The association of early unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight; Background Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease causes hepatic insulin resistance and is associated with metabolic syndrome. Elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase are associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The effect of hepatic insulin resistance is not only increased glycogen breakdown but also liberation of free fatty acids due to increased lipolysis. Both of these fuel sources are associated with macrosomia. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on excessive fetal growth. Objective The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of early elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight. Study Design This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of maternal alanine aminotransferase values measured between 8–18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes. We included women with singleton gestations with complete delivery information and without known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined large for gestational age as ≥90th percentile for gestational age. We compared maternal baseline characteristics with analysis of variance, Fisher exact test, or Wilcoxon rank sum. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between alanine aminotransferase and large for gestational age adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, parity, gestational diabetes, smoking, and maternal weight gain. Results We identified 26 cases of large for gestational age out of 323 mother-infant dyads. The mean maternal body mass index was higher in the large-for-gestational-age group compared to controls (33.7 [SD 4.3] vs 28.9 [SD 6.5], P = .002). Large-for-gestational-age babies were less likely to be male (8 [31%] vs 172 [58%], P = .01) and had a higher mean gestational age (39.5 [SD 0.9] vs 38.4 [SD 2.3] weeks, P = .01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The mean alanine aminotransferase among the large-for-gestational-age cases was 28 (SD 37) U/L compared to 16 (SD 8) U/L for controls. Each unit increase in log-transformed alanine aminotransferase was associated with a 3-fold odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 2.27–4.10; P < .0001), and alanine aminotransferase ≥90th percentile (26 U/L) was associated with a 4-fold increased odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% confidence interval, 2.84–5.70; P < .0001). This association was unchanged when analysis was restricted only to women without gestational diabetes with a glucose loading test <120 mg/dL (log-transformed alanine aminotransferase: adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.04–8.96; P = .04, and alanine aminotransferase ≥90th percentile: adjusted odds ratio, 4.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–14.82; P = .03). Conclusion Unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase in the first trimester was associated with a 4-fold increase in the odds of large-for-gestational-age birthweight even in the absence of clinical glucose intolerance. This may represent the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver on the fetal developmental milieu. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus conditions TLR4 and TLR2 activated IL-1beta responses in spleen cells from rat offspring; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a higher risk of youth-onset insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. We have previously shown that the rat offspring of GDM dams are insulin resistant when compared to the offspring of lean dams. Since inflammation influences insulin sensitivity, we examined the impact of fetal exposure to GDM on inflammatory responses in the offspring. In rats, we compared inflammatory activity in newborn pups as well as 16 week-old young-adult offspring from lean control dams with offspring from high fat and sucrose diet (HFS)-induced GDM dams. To determine whether there are additive effects of exposure to GDM and post-weaning diets, offspring of lean and GDM dams were fed either low fat or HFS diets until 16 weeks of age. Plasma levels of interleukin(IL)-1β were elevated in the offspring of GDM dams. To determine whether this was related to immune reactivity, spleen cells from both the newborn and 16 week-old offspring were isolated and reactivity to the toll-like receptor activators, pam3CSK4 and lipopolysaccharides were measured over a 72 h timeframe. Spleen cells of GDM dams exhibited sustained stimulation of interleukin(IL)-1β and IL-10 production, whereas IL-1β and IL-10 synthesis diminished over time in spleen cells from the offspring of lean dams. Additive effects of GDM exposure and post-weaning HFS diet were not observed, suggesting the effects of GDM on cytokine production are independent of the post-weaning diet. Thus, we conclude that exposure to GDM in utero may condition the immune reactivity of spleen cells. © 2016 Elsevier B.V.
Insulin resistance, obesity and lipotoxicity; Lipotoxicity, originally used to describe the destructive effects of excess fat accumulation on glucose metabolism, causes functional impairments in several metabolic pathways, both in adipose tissue and peripheral organs, like liver, heart, pancreas and muscle. Lipotoxicity has roles in insulin resistance and pancreatic beta cell dysfunction. Increased circulating levels of lipids and the metabolic alterations in fatty acid utilization and intracellular signaling, have been related to insulin resistance in muscle and liver. Different pathways, like novel protein kinase c pathways and the JNK-1 pathway are involved as the mechanisms of how lipotoxicity leads to insulin resistance in nonadipose tissue organs, such as liver and muscle. Mitochondrial dysfunction plays a role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Endoplasmic reticulum stress, through mainly increased oxidative stress, also plays important role in the etiology of insulin resistance, especially seen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Visceral adiposity and insulin resistance both increase the cardiometabolic risk and lipotoxicity seems to play a crucial role in the pathophysiology of these associations. © 2017, Springer International Publishing AG.
A Review on Ethnopharmacological Applications, Pharmacological Activities, and Bioactive Compounds of Mangifera indica (Mango); Mangifera indica (family Anacardiaceae), commonly known as mango, is a pharmacologically, ethnomedically, and phytochemically diverse plant. Various parts of M. indica tree have been used in traditional medicine for the treatment of different ailments, and a number of bioactive phytochemical constituents of M. indica have been reported, namely, polyphenols, terpenes, sterols, carotenoids, vitamins, and amino acids, and so forth. Several studies have proven the pharmacological potential of different parts of mango trees such as leaves, bark, fruit peel and flesh, roots, and flowers as anticancer, anti-inflammatory, antidiabetic, antioxidant, antibacterial, antifungal, anthelmintic, gastroprotective, hepatoprotective, immunomodulatory, antiplasmodial, and antihyperlipemic. In the present review, a comprehensive study on ethnopharmacological applications, pharmacological activities, and bioactive compounds of M. indica has been described. © 2017 Meran Keshawa Ediriweera et al.
Research progress in the mechanisms of influence from maternal obesity to offspring; Overweight and obesity are seriously impacting the whole population nowadays. Though high-fat or high-sugar diet and an unhealthy life style are the main causes of obesity in adult, recent researches suggest that maternal obesity and related metabolic disorders may affect the offspring, resulting in diseases like obesity, diabetes, asthma and cardiovascular symptoms. This review summarized some mechanisms of influence from maternal obesity to offspring including arachidonic acid-prostaglandin pathway and nitric oxide pathway, hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance, reactive oxygen species, lipotoxicity, and the effect of leptin to hypothalamus. © 2016, Editorial Department of Fudan University Journal of Medical Sciences. All right reserved.
Melatonin regulates angiogenic and inflammatory proteins in MDA-MB-231 cell line and in co-culture with cancer-associated fibroblasts; Background: Cancer-associated fibroblast (CAFs) are the most abundant cells in the tumor microenvironment, able to secrete growth factors and act on tumor progression. Melatonin is associated with several mechanisms of action with oncostatics and oncoprotectors effects, and also participate in the reduction of synthesis of surrounding fibroblasts and endothelial cells in breast cancer. Objective: The objectives of this study were to determine the effectiveness of melatonin in cell viability and expression of proteins involved in angiogenesis and inflammation in triplenegative mammary tumor cell line (MDA-MB-231) and in co-culture with CAFs. Method: Cell viability was measured by MTT assay and the protein expression was evaluated by Membrane Antibody Array after melatonin treatment. Results: Melatonin treatment (1 mM) for 48 hours reduced the cell viability of MDA-MB-231, CAFs and co-culture (p < 0.05). The semi-quantitative protein analysis showed that when monoculture of tumor cells were compared with co-culture of CAFs, there was a regulation of angiogenic and inflammatory proteins (p < 0.05). Melatonin treatment also leads a differential expression of angiogenic and inflammatory proteins in both monoculture and co-culture of tumor cells and CAFs (p < 0.05). Conclusion: The influence of CAFs under the tumor microenvironment was confirmed, increasing the malignancy of the tumor. In addition, melatonin is effective in both monoculture and co-culture, regulating angiogenic and inflammatory proteins that contribute to tumor progression. This study show an overview of melatonin ability in regulating angiogenic and inflammatory proteins, and opens the way for exploration of each individual protein in further studies. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Liver diseases and pregnancy; Pregnancy is a time of great maternal physiological and metabolic changes and affects biochemical and hematological parameters used in the assessment of liver disease. Due to the increased physiological and metabolic stress of pregnancy, liver disorders that have previously been subclinical may become symptomatic such as cholestatic diseases. The viral hepatitis constitutes a huge disease burden worldwide and the pregnant state confers particular concerns for the mother and her baby. In particular, hepatitis E has a predilection for the pregnant population and confers a particularly poor prognosis. In addition, certain pregnancy specific disorders such as elevated liver enzymes, low platelets syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, and obstetric cholestasis-affect primarily the liver. It is important to know how to diagnose and manage these conditions and distinguish them from non-pregnancy specific conditions as this will change the timing and management of affected women and their babies, some of whom can be seriously ill. © Copyright P. Crispino et al., 2017 Licensee PAGE Press.
The role of leptin in health and disease; Leptin is a master regulator of energy balance and body adiposity. Additionally, leptin exerts important control on glucose homeostasis, thermogenesis, autonomic nervous system and neuroendocrine axes. In metabolic diseases, such as obesity and diabetes mellitus, leptin signaling may be compromised, indicating the important role of this hormone in the etiology and pathophysiological manifestations of these conditions. In the present manuscript, we reviewed important concepts of leptin signaling, as well as about the effects of leptin on several biologic functions. We also discussed the possible therapeutic use of leptin administration and how our current obesogenic environment contributes to the development of leptin resistance. Our objective was to provide a comprehensive and state-of-the-art review about the importance of leptin to maintain the homeostasis and during pathological conditions. © 2017 Taylor & Francis.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and endometrial hyperplasia: an overview of the role of bariatric surgery in female fertility; One of the most effective methods to tackle obesity and its related comorbidities is bariatric surgery. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and endometrial hyperplasia (EH), which are associated with increased risk of endometrial carcinoma, have been identified as potentially new indications for bariatric surgery. PCOS is the most common endocrine disorder in women in the reproductive age and is associated with several components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, insulin resistance and hypertension. EH is a pre-cancerous condition which arises in the presence of chronic exposure to estrogen unopposed by progesterone such as both in PCOS and obesity. The main bariatric procedures are Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy and laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding. These procedures are well established and when correctly selected and performed by experienced bariatric surgeons, they can achieve significant weight loss and remission of obesity related co-morbidities. Studies have shown that bariatric surgery can play an important role in the management of patients with PCOS and improve fertility. Similarly, bariatric surgery has a positive effect on endometrial hyperplasia, making surgically induced weight loss a potentially attractive option for endometrial cancer prevention and treatment. Obesity has an adverse impact on spontaneous pregnancy, assisted reproduction methods and feto-maternal outcomes. After bariatric surgery obese women with subfertility can achieve spontaneous pregnancy. However, while bariatric surgery reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, there is an increased risk of small for gestational age and possible increased risk of stillborn or neonatal death. In this article we will review the evidence regarding the use of bariatric surgery as a treatment modality in patients with PCOS and EH. We also provide an overview of the common bariatric procedures. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd
MicroRNAs in Type 1 Diabetes: Complex Interregulation of the Immune System, β Cell Function and Viral Infections; Since the discovery of the first mammalian microRNA (miRNA) more than two decades ago, a plethora of miRNAs has been identified in humans, now amounting to more than 2500. Essential for post-transcriptional regulation of gene networks integral for developmental pathways and immune response, it is not surprising that dysregulation of miRNAs is often associated with the aetiology of complex diseases including cancer, diabetes and autoimmune disorders. Despite massive expansion of small RNA studies and extensive investigation in diverse disease contexts, the role of miRNAs in type 1 diabetes has only recently been explored. Key studies using human islets have recently implicated virus-induced miRNA dysregulation as a pivotal mechanism of β cell destruction, while the interplay between miRNAs, the immune system and β cell survival has been illustrated in studies using animal and cellular models of disease. The role of specific miRNAs as major players in immune system homeostasis highlights their exciting potential as therapeutics and prognostic biomarkers of type 1 diabetes. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Impact of different concentrations of 1,25(OH)2D3 on expressions of AdipoR2, p38MAPK, LPL, and triglyceride in HepG2 cells; The aims of this study were to observe the effects of different concentrations of 1, 25 dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25(OH)2D3) on the content of Triglyceride (TG), as well as the gene and protein expressions of Adiponectin receptor 2 (AdipoR2), p38 Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase (P38MAPK), and Lipoprotein Lipase (LPL) in TG’s metabolic pathway, in the HepG2 cells so as to provide theoretical basis for further studying the mechanism by which Vitamin D reduces TG. The HepG2 cells were treated with different concentrations of 1,25(OH)2D3 0 ng/ml (CON), 12.5 ng/ml (L-dose), 25 ng/ml (M-dose), and 50 ng/ml (H-dose)) for 24 h, respectively, and then detected the gene and protein expressions of AdipoR2, p38MAPK, and LPL by Real-Time Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) and Western blotting, as well as the content of TG by the enzyme method. Compared with Group CON, the gene and protein expressions of AdipoR2, p38MAPK, and LPL in Group L, M, and H-dose were all increased while the contents of TG were decreased (P<0.05). The levels of 1,25(OH)2D3 decreases the TG content in the HepG2 cells may be achieved by upregulating the expressions of AdipoR2, p38MAPK, and LPL. © 2017, Scientific Publishers of India. All rights reserved.
A comparative study of the antidiabetic effects exerted by live and dead multi-strain probiotics in the type 2 diabetes model of mice; Type 2 diabetes is a metabolic syndrome characterized by insulin resistance and relative insulin deficiency. In this study, the anti-diabetic effects of live and dead multi-strain probiotics were explored and compared in a high-fat and streptozotocin-induced model of type 2 diabetes in mice. Either live or dead probiotics were daily administered orally to the mice over 10 weeks. Both live and dead multi-strain probiotics reduced HbA1C and leptin levels, improved glucose tolerance, and protected against the impairment of the pancreas, while the live probiotic showed a greater ability to reduce fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, the live multi-strain probiotic exerted the beneficial effect of ameliorating insulin resistance. This effect was associated with the gut microbiota, butyrate production, and the inflammatory response, and was more effective for the live probiotic than the dead probiotic. These findings showed that the viable probiotic more effectively relieved hypoglycemic symptoms in the host by ameliorating insulin resistance. Furthermore, a pathway related to insulin resistance, i.e., the gut microbiota-butyrate-inflammatory axis, provided a promising rationale for further research into preventing or treating type 2 diabetes. © 2016 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Efficacy and risk profile of anti-diabetic therapies: Conventional vs traditional drugs—A mechanistic revisit to understand their mode of action; An increasing array of anti-diabetic drugs are available today, yet Type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) – remains a life threatening disease, causing high mortality and morbidity in developing and developed countries. As of now, no effective therapy is available for the complete eradication/cure of diabetes and its associated complications. Therefore, it is time to re-think and revisit molecular pathways and targets of each existing drug in order to identify multiple targets from different signaling pathways that may be manipulated simultaneously to treat or manage T2DM effectively. Bearing this goal in mind, the article reviews the mechanisms of action of available anti-diabetic drugs with in-depth mechanistic analysis of each therapy. The conventional and herbal strategies are analysed and compared for their benefits and the associated possible side effects. This critical information is necessary not only for the development of better, novel and potent anti-diabetic therapy in future but also for best possible combinational therapies and strategies with the available drugs. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Metabolomic profiling identifies potential pathways involved in the interaction of iron homeostasis with glucose metabolism; Objective Elevated serum ferritin has been linked to type 2 diabetes (T2D) and adverse health outcomes in subjects with the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). As the mechanisms underlying the negative impact of excess iron have so far remained elusive, we aimed to identify potential links between iron homeostasis and metabolic pathways. Methods In a cross-sectional study, data were obtained from 163 patients, allocated to one of three groups: (1) lean, healthy controls (n = 53), (2) MetS without hyperferritinemia (n = 54) and (3) MetS with hyperferritinemia (n = 56). An additional phlebotomy study included 29 patients with biopsy-proven iron overload before and after iron removal. A detailed clinical and biochemical characterization was obtained and metabolomic profiling was performed via a targeted metabolomics approach. Results Subjects with MetS and elevated ferritin had higher fasting glucose (p < 0.001), HbA1c (p = 0.035) and 1 h glucose in oral glucose tolerance test (p = 0.002) compared to MetS subjects without iron overload, whereas other clinical and biochemical features of the MetS were not different. The metabolomic study revealed significant differences between MetS with high and low ferritin in the serum concentrations of sarcosine, citrulline and particularly long-chain phosphatidylcholines. Methionine, glutamate, and long-chain phosphatidylcholines were significantly different before and after phlebotomy (p < 0.05 for all metabolites). Conclusions Our data suggest that high serum ferritin concentrations are linked to impaired glucose homeostasis in subjects with the MetS. Iron excess is associated to distinct changes in the serum concentrations of phosphatidylcholine subsets. A pathway involving sarcosine and citrulline also may be involved in iron-induced impairment of glucose metabolism. © 2016 The Authors
Vitamin D modifies the associations between circulating betatrophin and cardiometabolic risk factors among youths at risk for metabolic syndrome; Background: Betatrophin has been recently reported to play a role in glucose homeostasis by inducing beta-cell proliferation in mice. However, studies in human are inconsistent. As a nutritionally-regulated liver-enriched factor, we hypothesize that betatrophin might be regulated by vitamin D, and ignorance of vitamin D status may explain the discrepancy in previous human studies. The aims of this study were to assess the association between circulating betatrophin and glucose homeostasis as well as other cardiometabolic variables in a cohort of youths at risk for metabolic syndrome and test the possible influence of vitamin D status on the association. Methods: 559 subjects aged 14-28 years were recruited from Beijing children and adolescents metabolic syndrome study. All underwent a 2 h-oral glucose tolerance test. Serum levels of betatrophin, 25-hydroxy-vitamin D as well as adipokines including adiponectin and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) were measured by immunoassays. The relationships between betatrophin and insulin resistance, beta-cell function, other cardiometabolic variables and vitamin D status were evaluated. Results: Participants in the highest quartile of betatrophin levels had the highest levels of total cholesterol (P < 0.001), triglyceride (P < 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.001) and the lowest levels of vitamin D (P = 0.003). After stratification by vitamin D status, betatrophin in subjects with vitamin D deficiency were positively correlated with unfavorable metabolic profiles including high blood pressures, dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia, whereas betatrophin in those with higher vitamin D levels only showed negative association with fasting insulin, 2 h-insulin, and insulin resistance. In addition, adiponectin and FGF21 demonstrated the expected associations with metabolic parameters. Conclusions: Elevated betatrophin levels were associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in this young population, but the association was largely dependent on vitamin D status. These findings may provide valuable insights in the regulation of betatrophin and help explain the observed discrepancies in literature. © 2016 The Author(s).
Clinical management of pregnancy in the obese mother: before conception, during pregnancy, and post partum; The global epidemic of obesity has led to an increasing number of obese women of reproductive age. Obesity is associated with reduced fertility, and pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity are associated with adverse outcomes, including increased risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, instrumental and caesarean births, infections, and post-partum haemorrhage. The medical and obstetric management of obese women is focused on identifying, addressing, and preventing some of these associated complications, and is a daunting challenge given the high percentage of patients with obesity and few therapeutic options proven to improve outcomes in this population. The UK's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend that all pregnant women follow a healthy diet, and consider at least half an hour of moderate physical activity per day during pregnancy. However, although obese women are often directed to seek the advice of a nutritionist and to limit gestational weight gain, guidelines for the management of pregnancy and delivery in this high-risk group are lacking. The post-partum period represents an important opportunity to optimise maternal health before the next pregnancy. As many of the physiological changes of pregnancy associated with maternal obesity are present from early pregnancy onward, reducing maternal obesity before conception is probably the best strategy to decrease the health burden associated with maternal obesity. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal high-fat diet promotes onset of diabetes in rat offspring; The onset and progression of type II diabetes is closely related to environmental factors, in particular dietary habit. Moreover, the environmental exposures very early in life can influence the risk for development of type II diabetes later in life. In this study, we investigated pathophysiological changes in the pups of maternal Spontaneously Diabetic Torii (SDT) rats that were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) throughout gestation and lactation. Maternal SDT rats were continued on HFD for 5 weeks, from day 8 of gestation to day 21 after birth, and biological analyses of the pups were performed from 2 to 22 weeks of age. Results of serum lipid levels in pups from dams fed HFD were higher than pups from dams fed a standard diet, and the onset of diabetes was significantly accelerated in pups from dams fed HFD. In pathological analyses, pups from dams fed HFD showed increases in liver weight and vacuolation of hepatic cells at 2 weeks of age. In conclusion, the metabolic disorder of lipids and glucose in SDT rats is closely related to the nutritional condition of dams during the periods of gestation and lactation. © 2016 Japanese Society of Animal Science
Emerging roles for microRNAs in diabetic microvascular disease: Novel targets for therapy; Chronic, low-grade systemic inflammation and impaired microvascular function are critical hallmarks in the development of insulin resistance. Accordingly, insulin resistance is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Accumulating studies demonstrate that restoration of impaired function of the diabetic macro- and microvasculature may ameliorate a range of cardiovascular disease states and diabetes-associated complications. In this review, we focus on the emerging role of microRNAs (miRNAs), noncoding RNAs that fine-tune target gene expression and signaling pathways, in insulin-responsive tissues and cell types important for maintaining optimal vascular homeostasis and preventing the sequelae of diabetes-induced end organ injury. We highlight current pathophysiological paradigms of miRNAs and their targets involved in regulating the diabetic microvasculature in a range of diabetes-associated complications such as retinopathy, nephropathy, wound healing, and myocardial injury. We provide an update of the potential use of circulating miRNAs diagnostically in type I or type II diabetes. Finally, we discuss emerging delivery platforms for manipulating miRNA expression or function as the next frontier in therapeutic intervention to improve diabetes-associated microvascular dysfunction and its attendant clinical consequences. © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Fatty Liver Index and Lipid Accumulation Product Can Predict Metabolic Syndrome in Subjects without Fatty Liver Disease; Background. Fatty liver index (FLI) and lipid accumulation product (LAP) are indexes originally designed to assess the risk of fatty liver and cardiovascular disease, respectively. Both indexes have been proven to be reliable markers of subsequent metabolic syndrome; however, their ability to predict metabolic syndrome in subjects without fatty liver disease has not been clarified. Methods. We enrolled consecutive subjects who received health check-up services at Taipei Veterans General Hospital from 2002 to 2009. Fatty liver disease was diagnosed by abdominal ultrasonography. The ability of the FLI and LAP to predict metabolic syndrome was assessed by analyzing the area under the receiver operating characteristic (AUROC) curve. Results. Male sex was strongly associated with metabolic syndrome, and the LAP and FLI were better than other variables to predict metabolic syndrome among the 29,797 subjects. Both indexes were also better than other variables to detect metabolic syndrome in subjects without fatty liver disease (AUROC: 0.871 and 0.879, resp.), and the predictive power was greater among women. Conclusion. Metabolic syndrome increases the cardiovascular disease risk. The FLI and LAP could be used to recognize the syndrome in both subjects with and without fatty liver disease who require lifestyle modifications and counseling. © 2017 Yuan-Lung Cheng et al.
Persistent organic pollutants and diabetes among Inuit in the Canadian Arctic; Type 2 diabetes is a chronic metabolic disease that is of increasing concern in Inuit communities. Behavioural factors such as physical inactivity and poor diet are well-known risk factors. Exposure to persistent organic pollutants (POPs) has emerged as an additional factor in the pathogenesis of diabetes. In this study, association between polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and p,p′-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p′-DDE) with diabetes in Canadian Inuit was examined. Data from the Adult Inuit Health Survey (2007–2008) of Inuit participants from the Canadian Arctic were analyzed. Self-reported diabetes (excluding gestational diabetes) and clinical measurement of fasting glucose were examined as outcomes. Association with individual PCB congeners, sum of dioxin-like PCBs (∑ DL-PCB), non-dioxin-like PCBs (∑ NDL-PCB), total PCBs (∑ PCB), and p,p′-DDE were investigated using multiple regression models adjusted for confounding factors. Using different methods to incorporate serum lipids, highest vs. lowest quartile exposures to PCB-105, PCB-118, PCB-153, PCB-156, PCB-170, PCB-180, PCB-183, ∑ PCB, and p,p′-DDE were associated with increased risk of diabetes. For these PCBs, odds ratios (ORs) ranged from 1.9–3.5 (lower 95% CI: 0.8–1.4, upper 95% CI: 4.4–9.0) and for p,p′-DDE the OR was 2.5 (lower 95% CI: 1.1–1.2, upper 95% CI: 5.9–6.0). The highest vs. lowest quartile exposure to most PCBs and p,p′-DDE were associated with an increase of fasting glucose by 3–7%. PCBs and p,p′-DDE were associated with increased risk of diabetes and higher fasting glucose level in a cross-sectional survey of Canadian Inuit. Cause-effect relationships of PCBs and p,p′-DDE with diabetes and diabetes-related outcomes need to be further investigated in a cohort study. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Immune mechanisms involved in obesity; Obesity is a widespread public health problem worldwide. This disease has been classified as a condition caused by excessive accumulation of triglycerides in adipose tissue (TA). Visceral TA is an important factor in the development of several chronic diseases, since the adipocyte increases in size and number, leading to hypoxia, fatty acid release, mo-bilization and activation of leukocyte subpopulations (macrophages, neutrophils, eosinophils, NK cells, T lymphocytes and B); release of pro-inflammatory mediators (TNF-á, IL-6, PAI-1, resistin and visfatin), and decreased secretion of anti-inflammatory cytokines (adiponectin, IL-10, IL-4 and IL-13). These changes in TAV generate a chronic inflammation state of low inten-sity, that has been linked to insulin resistance (IR), initially local and then becomes systemic, which represents the determining factor for the development of metabolic syndrome (SM). The transcendence of TAV in the interaction between adipose and immune cells, as well as the release of mediators that trigger the chronic inflammatory process, is key for the development of IR and SM. However, in the investigation of obesity and the development of its comorbidities, it has been observed that the skeletal-muscle mass is involved in this process, apart from the cells and mediators of which their participation is known. In this way, TCD4 and TCD8 lymphocytes are recognized as pro-inflammatory. In contrast, eosinophils and adiponectin are considered as protective of the process. © 2017, Instituto de Investigaciones Clinicas. All rights reserved.
MicroRNA-221-3p regulates angiopoietin-like 8 (ANGPTL8) expression in adipocytes; Context: Angiopoietin-like 8 (ANGPTL8) has been identified as a key regulator of lipid metabolism. Design: We addressed the correlation between ANGPTL8 messenger RNA (mRNA) with hallmark insulin-regulated and lipogenic genes in human adipose tissue (AT). The regulation of ANGPTL8 expression in adipocytes was studied after inflammatory challenge, and the role of microRNA (miRNA)-221-3p therein was investigated. Results: ANGPTL8 gene expression in subcutaneous AT (SAT) and visceral AT (VAT) was highly correlated with SLC2A4/GLUT4, ADIPOQ, fatty acyl synthase, and diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 1. ANGPTL8 mRNA in human adipocytes was suppressed by the inflammatory impact of conditioned medium of lipopolysaccharide-stimulated macrophages, which markedly induced miR-221-3p. MiR-221-3p was shown to target the ANGPTL8 mRNA, and to reduce adipocyte ANGPTL8 protein expression. Analysis of SAT biopsies from 69 subjects ranging from lean to morbidly obese and of VAT of 19 female subjects biopsied during gynecologic surgery demonstrated a trend of negative correlation between ANGPTL8 and miR-221-3p. Significant negative correlation of ANGPTL8 and miR-221-3p was identified in presurgery SAT samples from 22 morbidly obese subjects undergoing bariatric surgery, but vanished after;2-year surgery-induced weight loss, which also resulted in a marked reduction of miR-221-3p. ANGPTL8 correlated negatively with the AT inflammatory gene phospholipase A2 G7, whereas miR-221-3p showed a significant positive correlation with this marker. Of note, no correlation was found between AT ANGPTL8 mRNA expression and plasma ANGPTL8. Conclusions: The inflammation-induced miR-221-3p regulates ANGPTL8 expression in adipocytes. This miRNA impact may become especially prominent under pathologic conditions such as morbid obesity, putatively contributing to the impaired AT lipid metabolism in metabolic disease. Copyright © 2017 Endocrine Society
Circadian clocks, metabolism, and food-entrained rhythms; The circadian clock is one of the most conserved systems in mammals. It is an important regulator of many biological processes, such as the sleep-wake cycle, hormone secretion, and body temperature, which can influence both cellular and organ-level metabolic functioning. At the molecular level, the circadian system consists of autoregulatory feedback loop that dictates the timing of behavioral and physiological processes. This molecular clock is persistent in all of the central and peripheral tissues. Metabolism can also affect the circadian clock via feeding, or by metabolites which expression is controlled by food intake. Therefore, the current chapter emphasizes the cross-talk between the circadian system and metabolism at the molecular level, and its physiological outcome. © Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd. 2017. All rights are reserved.
Relationship between irisin concentration and serum cytokines in mother and newborn; Introduction: Irisin is considered to be a myokine and adipokine that may also participate in reproductive functions, as it increases significantly throughout pregnancy. However, the regulation of circulating irisin and its relationship with other cytokines has not been assessed thus far in pregnant women and their offspring. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in irisin and cytokine concentrations between women at the end of pregnancy and their offspring, as well as the relationship between maternal and newborn irisin and maternal and newborn biomarkers. Methods: Twenty-eight mother/newborn pairs were included in this study. The following biomarkers were evaluated in maternal venous and arterial umbilical cord blood samples: irisin, 27 cytokine panel, total antioxidant capacity (TAC), total plasma protein, and free fatty acid concentration. Results: The newborns had significantly lower irisin concentrations compared to their mothers (p = 0.03), but this difference was present only in babies born from mothers without labor prior to cesarean section delivery (p = 0.01). No significant differences in maternal and newborn irisin concentrations were found between diabetic and non-diabetic mothers or between overweight/obese and normal weight mothers. A significant positive correlation was found between TAC level and irisin concentration in newborns. Maternal and newborn interleukin (IL)-1β, IL-1RA, IL-5, IL-7, and interferon gamma-induced protein (IP)-10 levels were significantly positively correlated with irisin concentrations in both study groups. In addition, maternal IL1β, IL-5, IL-7, and IP-10 levels positively predicted maternal irisin concentrations. Furthermore, arterial cord blood TAC and IL-1β and IL1-RA levels positively predicted newborn irisin concentrations. Multiple regression analyses showed that maternal IL-13 negatively predicted offspring irisin levels (p = 0.03) and that maternal IL-1β positively predicted newborn irisin concentrations (p = 0.046). Conclusion: No evidence was found that serum irisin concentrations in mothers at pregnancy termination or those of their newborns correlated with maternal body mass index, the presence of diabetes mellitus, or free fatty acid levels. However, the results of this study indicated that cytokines might predict irisin concentration in mothers and their offspring, although interactions between irisin levels during pregnancy and the newborn have not yet been fully elucidated. © 2016 Hernandez-Trejo et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
The future of diabetes management by healthy probiotic microorganisms; Background: Diabetes mellitus, a condition of multifactorial origin, is related to the intestinal microbiota by numerous molecular mechanisms. Controlling the vast increase in the prevalence of diabetes needs a natural and safe solution. Probiotics, known as live microorganisms that exert health benefits to the host, have anti-diabetic property. Objective: This review will highlight the current evidences in probiotic effectiveness and future prospects for exploring probiotic therapy in the prevention and control of diabetes. Methods: We searched Pub Med and Science Direct by using “Probiotics” and “Diabetes” for searching the studies aiming the application of probiotics and the beneficial effects of probiotics in diabetes prevention and control. Results: It has been shown that probiotics can increase insulin sensitivity and reduce autoimmune responses by modulating intestinal microbiota and decreasing the inflammatory reactions and oxidative stress. Recent evidences show that probiotics influences the host through modulating intestinal permeability and mucosal immune response, manipulating eating behaviors by appetite-regulating hormones and controlling gut endocannabinoid (eCB) system that is believed to be associated with inflammation and diabetes. Moreover, modulating the intestinal microbiota by probiotics controls host metabolism by affecting energy extraction from food and by biochemically converting molecules derived from the host or from gut microbes themselves. Conclusion: Experimental and clinical evidences support the hypothesis that the modulation of the gut microbiota by probiotics could be effective in prevention and management of diabetes. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Detection of placental proteomes at different uterine positions in large white and meishan gilts on gestational day 90; Within-litter uniformity in pigs is a major factor affecting piglet survival and growth performance. We know that Meishan (MS) gilts have higher piglet survival rate than Large White (LW) gilts because their foetal weight is less varied. To understand the molecular basis for placental nutritional transport during the late stages of gestation in LW and MS, we employed the isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantification (iTRAQ) method to investigate alterations in the placental proteomes of LW and MS gilts on gestational day 90. Investigation of foetal weight at different uterine positions revealed that the foetal and placental weights as well as the foetal concentration of glucose were significantly higher in LW gilts positioned towards the utero-tubal junction than in those positioned toward the cervix; however, no such differences were observed in MS gilts, and MS gilts had a greater uniformity in foetal weight on day 90 of gestation. Comparisons of the proteomes between placentas positioned toward the cervix and those positioned toward the utero-tubal junction identified 38 differentially expressed proteins in the two breeds. These proteins play a central role in nutrient transport and metabolism, as well as in transcriptional and translational regulation. Of particular interest is the finding that the placentas of LW gilts showed 14 differential expression of proteins mainly related to lipid transport and energy metabolism (including solute carrier family 27, mitochondrial trifunctional protein, and NADH dehydrogenase [ubiquinone] flavoprotein 2), but only 2 proteins in MS gilts. In contrast, the differentially expressed proteins in MS gilts were primarily involved in transcriptional and translational regulation (such as ribosome-sec61 and 40S ribosomal protein S23), with a few related to glucose and coenzyme transport and metabolism (including glucose transport protein and ferrochelatase). Our results revealed that placental lipid and energy metabolism might play a crucial role in the regulation of foetal weight, based on uterine position in two distinct pig breeds. These findings provide a deeper understanding of placental efficiency that can be utilized to provide a new method to enhance the efficiency of livestock production. © 2016 Che et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Significance of Exhaled Breath Test in Clinical Diagnosis: A Special Focus on the Detection of Diabetes Mellitus; Analysis of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emanating from human exhaled breath can provide deep insight into the status of various biochemical processes in the human body. VOCs can serve as potential biomarkers of physiological and pathophysiological conditions related to several diseases. Breath VOC analysis, a noninvasive and quick biomonitoring approach, also has potential for the early detection and progress monitoring of several diseases. This paper gives an overview of the major VOCs present in human exhaled breath, possible biochemical pathways of breath VOC generation, diagnostic importance of their analysis, and analytical techniques used in the breath test. Breath analysis relating to diabetes mellitus and its characteristic breath biomarkers is focused on. Finally, some challenges and limitations of the breath test are discussed. © 2016, The Author(s).
Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation during pregnancy as phospholipids did not improve the incorporation of this fatty acid into rat fetal brain compared with the triglyceride form; Prenatal docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supply is important to ensure an adequate infant neurodevelopment. Several fat supplements with DHA under different chemical structures are available. There is an increased placental phospholipase activity at the end of pregnancy. The hypothesis of this study was to discern whether DHA consumption during pregnancy as phospholipids (PLs) could be more available for placental DHA uptake and fetal accretion than triglycerides (TGs) form. We aimed to evaluate maternofetal DHA status in pregnant rats fed with DHA as PL from egg yolk or TG from algae oil to determine which source might be most effective during pregnancy. Three experimental diets were tested: 2.5% DHA-TG (n = 10), 2.5% DHA-PL (n = 9), and 9% DHA-PL (n = 9). The total PL content of these diets was 2%, 12%, and 38%, respectively. We determined dietary fat absorption and quantified fatty acids by gas chromatography in maternal and fetal tissues. Dietary PL enhanced significantly dietary fat absorption. However, animals fed the highest PL-content diet (38% PL and 9% DHA-PL) stored most of the absorbed fat in maternal liver, promoting hepatic steatosis, which was not observed in the lower PL-content diets (12% and 2%). Despite higher fat absorption of PL-containing diets, maternal and fetal tissues (including fetal brain) did not show major differences in DHA content between the 2.5% DHA-PL and 2.5% DHA-TG–fed groups. We conclude that the chemical form of DHA consumed by the rat during gestation (PL or TG) does not differentially affect DHA accretion into fetal brain, and both lipid sources can be equally used for maternal DHA supplementation during pregnancy. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Effect of intensive insulin treatment on plasma levels of lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and secretory phospholipase A2 in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes; Background: China has the highest absolute disease burden of diabetes worldwide. For diabetic patients, diabetes-related vascular complications are major causes of morbidity and mortality. The roles of lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) and secretory phospholipase A2 (sPLA2) as inflammatory markers have been recently evaluated in the pathogenesis of both diabetes and atherosclerosis. We aimed to determine the mechanism through which patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes gain long-term vascular benefit from intensive insulin therapy by evaluating the change in Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 levels after early intensive insulin treatment and its relevance with insulin resistance and pancreatic β-cell function. Methods: In total, 90 patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus were enrolled. All patients received continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) for approximately 2 weeks. Intravenous glucose-tolerance test (IVGTT) and oral glucose-tolerance test (OGTT) were performed, and plasma concentrations of Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 were measured before and after CSII. Results: Levels of Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 were significantly higher in diabetic patients with macroangiopathy than in those without (P < 0.05). After CSII, the sPLA2 level decreased significantly in all diabetic patients (P < 0.05), while the Lp-PLA2 level changed only in those with macroangiopathy (P < 0.05). The area under the curve of insulin in IVGTT and OGTT, the acute insulin response (AIR3-5), early phase of insulin secretion (ΔIns30/ΔG30), modified β-cell function index, and homeostatic model assessment for β-cell function (HOMA-β) increased after treatment even when adjusted for the influence of insulin resistance (IR; P < 0.001). The HOMA-IR was lower after treatment, and the three other indicators adopted to estimate insulin sensitivity (ISIced, IAI, and QUICKI) were higher after treatment (P < 0.05). Correlation analysis showed that the decrease in the Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 levels was positively correlated with a reduction in HOMA-IR after CSII (P < 0.05). Additionally, multiple linear regression analysis showed that Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 independently correlated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 are closely related to insulin resistance and macroangiopathy in diabetic patients. Intensive insulin therapy might help improve IR and protect against diabetic macroangiopathy by influencing the Lp-PLA2 and sPLA2 levels. Trial registration: ChiCTR-TRC-10001618 2010 September 16. © 2016 The Author(s).
Plasma and Aorta Biochemistry and MMPs Activities in Female Rabbit Fed Methionine Enriched Diet and Their Offspring; This study investigated whether a high Met diet influences biochemical parameters, MMPs activities in plasma, and biochemical and histological remodeling in aorta, in both pregnant female rabbits and their offspring. Four female rabbit groups are constituted (each n=8), nonpregnant control (NPC), pregnant control (PC) that received normal commercial chow, nonpregnant Met (NPMet), and pregnant Met (PMet) that received the same diet supplemented with 0,35% L-methionine (w/w) for 3 months (500 mg/d). All pregnant females realize 3 successive pregnancies. Plasma results showed that Met excess increased Hcy, raised CRP in NPMet and decreased it in PMet, enhanced significantly proMMP-2 and proMMP-9 activities in NPMet, and reduced them in PMet. Aorta showed a rise in collagen level, essentially in PMet, a reduction of elastin content in both PMet and NPMet, and a significant decrease in lipid content in PMet, with histological changes that are more pronounced in NPMet than PMet. Met excess enhanced proMMP-9 activities in NPMet while it decreased them in PMet. PMet newborn presented increase in uremia and CRP and significant rise of active MMP-2 and MMP-9 forms. In aorta, media and adventitia thickness increased, total lipids content decreased, proMMP-9 activity decreased, and proMMP-2 activity increased. © 2017 Khira Othmani Mecif et al.
Effects of probiotics (Vivomixx®) in obese pregnant women and their newborn: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Maternal obesity is associated with increased risks of adverse pregnancy-related complications and outcomes for both mothers and infants. Overweight and obese women have an increased risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Infant Body Mass index (BMI) and the risk of obesity in adulthood are related to maternal gestational weight gain (GWG). Preventive lifestyle and dietary interventions are time-consuming and do not always reduce GWG or the risk of maternal pregnancy complications. Recent research has indicated that the gut microbiota may play a significant role in the development of obesity. Some studies have indicated that the daily consumption of probiotics may reduce the risk of preeclampsia, maintain serum insulin levels and reduce the frequency of GDM in pregnant women. The aims of this study are to investigate whether daily probiotic supplements in obese women during pregnancy can limit gestational weight gain, improve glucose homeostasis and thereby improve maternal, fetal and infant health outcomes. Methods: A pilot study including 50 obese pregnant nulliparous women with a prepregnancy BMI of between 30 and 35 kg/m2 will be randomized to receive daily probiotics (four capsules of Vivomixx®; total of 450 billion CFU/day, including eight probiotic bacterial strains) or placebo from gestational age 14-20 weeks until delivery. The infants will be followed until 9 months of age. The women will be monitored by weight, blood, fecal, vaginal and urine samples, diet questionnaires and hospital record review. Primary outcomes are: maternal weight gain, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level and changes in glucose concentration measured during an oral glucose tolerance test. Secondary outcomes are: microbiota and inflammatory markers in mother and child, pregnancy complications, pregnancy outcomes, physical activity and the body composition of the neonate. Discussion: We expect to find alterations in the metabolic profiles, microbiota and possibly pregnancy outcomes. From a clinical point of view the effects of Vivomixx® could control weight gain and reduce complications during pregnancy by inducing changes in the gut microbiota. Furthermore, this intervention during pregnancy could influence the infant's microbiota, which could have important implications for infant development and health. Trial registration: ClincalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02508844, registered on 11 May 2015. © 2016 The Author(s).
Systemic and Autoimmune Manifestations of Hepatitis B Virus Infection; Besides hepatic manifestations of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection, some extrahepatic systemic and/or autoimmune manifestations may occur with both acute and chronic viral infections, usually independent of hepatic involvement. The most common one is the prodromal preicteric flu-like syndrome with arthralgias and sometimes urticarial cutaneous rash, observed in some patients with acute infection. Other extrahepatic manifestations include HBV-related glomerulonephritis or HBV-associated vasculitis (mainly polyarteritis nodosa type). © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
The central role of biometals maintains oxidative balance in the context of metabolic and neurodegenerative disorders; Traditionally, oxidative stress as a biological aspect is defined as an imbalance between the free radical generation and antioxidant capacity of living systems. The intracellular imbalance of ions, disturbance in membrane dynamics, hypoxic conditions, and dysregulation of gene expression are all molecular pathogenic mechanisms closely associated with oxidative stress and underpin systemic changes in the body. These also include aspects such as chronic immune system activation, the impairment of cellular structure renewal, and alterations in the character of the endocrine secretion of diverse tissues. All of these mentioned features are crucial for the correct function of the various tissue types in the body. In the present review, we summarize current knowledge about the common roots of metabolic and neurodegenerative disorders induced by oxidative stress. We discuss these common roots with regard to the way that (1) the respective metal ions are involved in the maintenance of oxidative balance and (2) the metabolic and signaling disturbances of the most important biometals, such as Mg2+, Zn2+, Se2+, Fe2+, or Cu2+, can be considered as the central connection point between the pathogenesis of both types of disorders and oxidative stress. © 2017 Michal Pokusa and Alžbeta Kráľová Trančíková.
Metabolic Inflexibility with Obesity and the Effects of Fenofibrate on Skeletal Muscle Fatty Acid Oxidation; This study was designed to investigate mechanisms of lipid metabolic inflexibility in human obesity and the ability of fenofibrate (FENO) to increase skeletal muscle fatty acid oxidation (FAO) in primary human skeletal muscle cell cultures (HSkMC) exhibiting metabolic inflexibility. HSkMC from 10 lean and 10 obese, insulin resistant subjects were treated with excess fatty acid for 24 h (24hFA) to gauge lipid-related metabolic flexibility. Metabolically inflexible HSkMC from obese individuals were then treated with 24hFA in combination with FENO to determine effectiveness for increasing FAO. Mitochondrial enzyme activity and FAO were measured in skeletal muscle from subjects with prediabetes (n=11) before and after 10 weeks of fenofibrate in vivo. 24hFA increased FAO to a greater extent in HSkMC from lean versus obese subjects (+49% vs. +9%, for lean vs. obese, respectively; p<0.05) indicating metabolic inflexibility with obesity. Metabolic inflexibility was not observed for measures of cellular respiration in permeabilized cells using carbohydrate substrate. Fenofibrate co-incubation with 24hFA, increased FAO in a subset of HSkMC from metabolically inflexible, obese subjects (p<0.05), which was eliminated by PPARα antagonist. In vivo, fenofibrate treatment increased skeletal muscle FAO in a subset of subjects with prediabetes but did not affect gene transcription or mitochondrial enzyme activity. Lipid metabolic inflexibility observed in HSkMC from obese subjects is not due to differences in electron transport flux, but rather upstream decrements in lipid metabolism. Fenofibrate increases the capacity for FAO in human skeletal muscle cells, though its role in skeletal muscle metabolism in vivo remains unclear.
Metformin: From mechanisms of action to advanced clinical use; Metformin represents the first line of treatment and is the most widely prescribed antihypergycemic drug in type 2 diabetic patients. It can be used as monotherapy or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic drugs or insulin. Additionally, it is also prescribed in type 1 diabetic patients, it proved to be effective in prediabetes and also provided beneficial effects in other insulin resistant states, for example in polycystic ovary syndrome. Nevertheless, the exact molecular mechanism of its action remains unknown. It was shown that it inhibits liver gluconeogenesis, facilitates glucose uptake into peripheral tissues, such as striated muscle; it also acts in the gut. Besides antihyperglycemic effects, metformin was also shown to possess several beneficial, protective effects, so-called pleiotropic effects: particularly on the cardiovascular system and in cancer patients. Metformin has only few side effects, the most serious being metformin-associated lactic acidosis. The latter appears in rare clinical cases with pre-existing chronic kidney disease or advanced heart failure with tissue hypoperfusion, which consequently represent relative contraindications for metformin use. In the past, metformin treatment was usually discontinued when performing iodine contrast imaging, however recently there is evidence of its safety even in patients with higher stages of chronic kidney disease. All in all, metformin is a drug with a long tradition and a promising future. © 2017, Slovene Medical Society. All rights reserved.
Diabetes insipidus; Disruption of water and electrolyte balance is frequently encountered in clinical medicine. Regulating water metabolism is critically important. Diabetes insipidus (DI) presented with excessive water loss from the kidney is a major disorder of water metabolism. To understand the molecular and cellular mechanisms and pathophysiology of DI and rationales of clinical management of DI is important for both research and clinical practice. This chapter will first review various forms of DI focusing on central diabetes insipidus (CDI) and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI). This is followed by a discussion of regulatory mechanisms underlying CDI and NDI, with a focus on the regulatory axis of vasopressin, vasopressin receptor 2 (V2R) and the water channel molecule, aquaporin 2 (AQP2). The clinical manifestation, diagnosis and management of various forms of DI will also be discussed with highlights of some of the latest therapeutic strategies that are developed from in vitro experiments and animal studies. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2017.
Implication of the myokine irisin in maternal energy homeostasis in pregnancies with abnormal fetal growth; Objective: To prospectively investigate maternal concentrations of the myokine irisin in large for gestational age (LGA) and intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) versus appropriate for gestational age (AGA) normal pregnancies and associate them with various perinatal parameters. Methods: Plasma irisin and insulin concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and immunoradiometric assay (IRMA), respectively, in a cohort of 80 mothers delivering LGA (n = 30), IUGR (n = 30) and AGA (n = 20) singleton full-term infants. Results: Maternal irisin concentrations were similar among LGA, IUGR and AGA groups and did not correlate with respective insulin ones or maternal body mass index. In a combined group, maternal irisin concentrations decreased with advancing gestational age (p < 0.001) and were lower in multi-, compared to nulliparous women (p = 0.004). In the IUGR group, maternal irisin concentrations were higher in cases of smoking (p = 0.006). Conclusions: Irisin may not be differentially regulated in insulin resistance-associated pregnancy disorders resulting in fetal macrosomia and IUGR. Maternal irisin down-regulation with advancing gestation could possibly contribute to the observed maternal fat accumulation and progressive insulin resistance towards term. Similarly, lower maternal irisin concentrations in multiparous women may reflect the documented positive association between parity and fat deposition. Irisin up-regulation in cases of smoking may indicate the need for enhanced oxygen consumption to maintain energy production under conditions of hypoxia. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Association of osteoprotegerin with obesity, insulin resistance and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children; Background: Osteoprotegerin (OPG) is a member of the tumor necrosis factor superfamily. Reduced OPG levels are related to obesity, insulin resistance, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between OPG levels, obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD in pediatric patients. Methods: This was a prospective, cross-sectional, controlled study that was conducted in the department of pediatrics at Bagcilar training and research hospital in Istanbul, Turkey, between April and August 2015. The study was performed on 107 children with obesity and 37 controls aged 5 - 17 years. In the obese subset, 62 patients had NAFLD. Homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to calculate insulin resistance. Insulin resistance was defined as a HOMA-IR value greater than 2.5. Plasma OPG levels were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. NAFLD was diagnosed by hepatic ultrasound. Results: The mean age was 11.25 ± 3.38 years in the patient group and 10.41 ± 3.15 years in the control group. The OPG level in the obese group with the mean of 55.20 ± 24.55 pg/mL (median = 48.81 pg/mL) was significantly lower than that in the control group with the mean of 70.78 ± 33.41 pg/mL (median = 64.57 pg/mL) (P = 0.0001). The optimal cut-off point (sensitivity, specificity) of the OPG level for the diagnosis of obesity was ≤ 46, 19 pg/mL. According to logistic regression analysis, fasting insulin (P = 0.036) and OPG (P = 0.01) levels were most affected by obesity. In the obese patients, who had HOMA-IR < 2.5, the mean level of OPG was 58.91 ± 6.88729 pg/mL (median = 49.55). In the obese patients, who had HOMA-IR ≥ 2.5, the mean level of OPG was 54.19 ± 22.21 pg/mL (median = 48.47). No significant correlations were found between OPG and HOMA-IR (P = 0.791). No statistically significant difference was observed in the mean OPG between patients with hepatosteatosis (mean = 54.55±25.01 pg/mL) (median = 49.46) and those without the disease (56.30±24.02 pg/mL) (mean = 48.34) (P = 0.089). Conclusions: We confirmed that serum OPG concentrations reduce in obese children. However, no correlation was identified between OPG and insulin resistance. OPG levels are not meaningful in the diagnosis of NAFLD in children with obesity. © 2016, Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal.
Serum amylase levels in relation to islet β cell function in patients with early type 2 diabetes; Objective The insulin-pancreatic acinar axis may play a major role in pancreatic function. Amylase is an exocrine enzyme that is produced by pancreatic acinar cells, and low serum amylase levels may be associated with endocrine diseases, such as metabolic syndrome and diabetes. We hypothesized that low serum amylase levels may be associated with impaired islet β cell function in type 2 diabetes. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between the serum amylase levels and islet β cell function in patients with early type 2 diabetes. Methods The cross-sectional study recruited 2327 patients with a mean of 1.71±1.62 years since their diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, and all participants were treated with lifestyle intervention alone. Serum amylase levels, the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and metabolic risk factors were examined in all participants. The insulin sensitivity index (Matsuda index, ISIMatsuda) and insulin secretion index (ratio of total area-under-the-insulin-curve to glucose-curve, AUCins/glu) were derived from the OGTT. Integrated islet β cell function was assessed by the Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index-2 (ISSI-2) (ISIMatsuda multiplied by AUCins/glu). Results Serum amylase levels in the normal range were significantly correlated with ISIMatsuda, AUCins/glu and ISSI-2 (r = 0.203, 0.246 and 0.413, respectively, p<0.001). The association of the serum amylase levels with ISSI-2 (adjusted r = 0.363, p<0.001) was closer than the association with ISIMatsuda (adjusted r = 0.191, p<0.001) and AUCins/glu (adjusted r = 0.174, p<0.001) after adjusting for the anthropometric indices, time since the diagnosis of diabetes, lipid profiles, uric acid levels, estimated glomerular filtration rate, HbA1c levels, smoking and drinking using the partial correlation test. After adjusting for these metabolic risk factors in the multivariate regression analysis with the amylase levels as the dependent variable, ISSI-2 was the major independent contributor to the serum amylase levels (β = 0.416, t = 21.72, p<0.001). Meanwhile, in a comparison of the groups with the highest and lowest quartiles of serum amylase levels, the mean difference in logISSI-2 was 0.902 (95% CI 0.823 to 0.982), and after adjusting for metabolic risk factors, the mean difference in logISSI-2 was 0.610 (0.537 to 0.683). Conclusions Serum amylase levels in the normal range are positively associated with integrated islet β cell function in patients with early type 2 diabetes, as assessed by ISSI-2. © 2016 Zhuang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
To assess the association between glucose metabolism and ectopic lipid content in different clinical classifications of PCOS; Aims There are emerging data indicating an association between PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) and metabolic derangements with potential impact on its clinical presentation. This study aims to evaluate the pathophysiological processes beyond PCOS with particular focus on carbohydrate metabolism, ectopic lipids and their possible interaction. Differences between the two established classifications of the disease should be additionally evaluated. Methods A metabolic characterization was performed in 53 untreated PCOS patients as well as 20 controls including an extended oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, to assess insulin sensitivity, secretion and ß-cell function) in addition to a detailed examination of ectopic lipid content in muscle and liver by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Results Women with PCOS classified by the original NIH 1990 definition showed a more adverse metabolic risk profile compared to women characterized by the additional Rotterdam 2003 phenotypes. Subtle metabolic derangements were observed in both subgroups, including altered shapes of OGTT curves, impaired insulin action and hyperinsulinemia due to increased secretion and attenuated hepatic extraction. No differences were observed for ectopic lipids between the groups. However, particularly hepatocellular lipid content was significantly related to clinical parameters of PCOS like whole body insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia and free androgen index. Conclusions Subtle alterations in carbohydrate metabolism are present in both PCOS classifications, but more profound in subjects meeting the NIH 1990 criteria. Females with PCOS and controls did not differ in ectopic lipids, however, liver fat was tightly related to hyperandrogenism and an adverse metabolic risk profile. © 2016 Göbl et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
One-hour post-load hyperglycemia combined with HbA1c identifies pre-diabetic individuals with a higher cardio-metabolic risk burden; Background and aims Evidence suggests that combining 1-hour plasma glucose ≥155 mg/dl during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) significantly increases their predictive power for incident diabetes, while their individual and joint associations with cardio-metabolic risk factors remain undefined. Herein, we evaluated whether 1-hour post-load plasma glucose ≥155 mg/dl combined with HbA1c may identify pre-diabetic individuals with a higher cardio-metabolic risk. Methods Anthropometric and metabolic characteristics, insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion assessed by OGTT-derived indexes, carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), pulse pressure, and rate pressure product were evaluated in 1495 individuals. Results As compared with subjects with 1-hour post-load glucose <155 mg/dl, individuals with 1-hour post-load glucose ≥155 mg/dl exhibited a significantly worse cardio metabolic profile, both in the group with HbA1c <5.7%, and in the group with prediabetes (HbA1c 5.7–6.4%). Specifically, in both groups, subjects with 1-hour post-load glucose ≥155 mg/dl had higher fasting and 2-h post-load glucose (p < 0.0001 for all in both groups), higher HOMA-IR (p < 0.0001 in both groups), and carotid IMT (p = 0.05 in the group with HbA1c <5.7% and p = 0.03 in the group HbA1c 5.7–6.4%), as well as lower Matsuda index, insulinogenic index and disposition index (p < 0.0001 in both groups), and lower insulin-stimulated glucose disposal (p < 0.0001 in the group with HbA1c <5.7% and p = 0.03 in the group HbA1c 5.7–6.4%). Conclusions Hyperglycemia at 1-hour during an OGTT may be a useful tool to identify a subset of individuals within HbA1c-defined glycemic categories at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd
The effects of resistance and aerobic training on obesity; Obesity is a worldwide epidemic with an alarming high prevalence. Accompanying this rise, there is an increase in the comorbidities such as metabolic syndrome, bone metabolism complications and possible presence of sleep disorders. It is known that lifestyle modifications, such as, regular practice of physical exercises and healthy eating habits incorporation could result beneficially many metabolic health biomarkers, such as improvement in lipid profile, visceral fat deposit and insulin resistance. Mainly for exercise training in obesity control, many weight loss programs are based in the aerobic training intervention. However, some investigations demonstrated that resistance training can improve muscle mass, favoring weight loss process and controlling obesity and it's comorbidities. In fact, resistance exercise is able to increase excess post-exercise oxygen consumption (EPOC) and consequently the resting energy expenditure, favoring the weight loss. Moreover evidence suggests that the increase on muscle mass may promote beneficial effects on production and action of miokines, glucose and lipid metabolism. Recently, studies indicated that the combination of aerobic and resistance training with other interdisciplinary interventions is more effective than aerobic exercise alone to improve the health of people with obesity, suggesting as an important non-pharmacological strategy to be applied in the control and treatment of obesity. © 2016 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Developmental Origins of Disease - Crisis Precipitates Change; The concept of developmental origins of diseases has gained a huge interest in recent years and is a constantly emerging scientific field. First observations hereof originated from epidemiological studies, linking impaired birth outcomes to adult chronic, noncommunicable disease. By now there is a considerable amount of both epidemiological and experimental evidence highlighting the impact of early life events on later life disease susceptibility. Albeit far from being completely understood, more recent studies managed to elucidate underlying mechanisms, with epigenetics having become almost synonymous with developmental programming. The aim of this review was to give a comprehensive overview of various aspects and mechanisms of developmental origins of diseases. Starting from initial research foci mainly centered on a nutritionally impaired intrauterine environment, more recent findings such as postnatal nutrition, preterm birth, paternal programming and putative interventional approaches are summarized. The review outlines general underlying mechanisms and particularly discusses mechanistic explanations for sexual dimorphism in developmental programming. Furthermore, novel hypotheses are presented emphasizing a non-mendelian impact of parental genes on the offspring's phenotype. © 2016 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Developmental Origins of Health and Disease – from a small body size at birth to epigenetics; The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) hypothesis proposes that several non-communicable diseases have their origins in prenatal life and in early childhood. This is believed to work through programming, an insult, taking place at a sensitive period of development, may have lifelong consequences, increasing and programming disease risk later in life. The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study (HBCS) has been focusing upon the importance of factors active during periods in early life and their influence on later health in 20,431 people born 1924–44. This review will focus upon findings from the HBCS over the past 20 years. Early growth patterns associated with coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes and other health outcomes are described. The long-term health impact of maternal adiposity is also discussed. Potential underlying mechanisms explaining the associations are discussed including epigenetic factors.Key messages Several non-communicable diseases – including coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes – have their origins in early life. Early life programming during sensitive periods of development may permanently program future health and disease risk. Optimizing the health and lifestyle of women of reproductive age will have positive health consequences for their offspring. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The innovative "Bio-Oil Spread" prevents metabolic disorders and mediates preconditioning-like cardioprotection in rats; Background and aims: Obesity is often associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. The food industry and the associated research activities focus on formulating products that are a perfect mix between an adequate fat content and health. We evaluated whether a diet enriched with Bio-Oil Spread (SD), an olive oil-based innovative food, is cardioprotective in the presence of high-fat diet (HFD)-dependent obesity. Methods and Results: Rats were fed for 16 weeks with normolipidic diet (ND; fat: 6.2%), HFD (fat: 42%), and ND enriched with SD (6.2% of fat + 35.8% of SD). Metabolic and anthropometric parameters were measured. Heart and liver structures were analyzed by histochemical examination. Ischemic susceptibility was evaluated on isolated and Langendorff-perfused cardiac preparations. Signaling was assessed by Western blotting. Compared to ND rats, HFD rats showed increased body weight and abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Morphological analyses showed that HFD is associated with heart and liver modifications (hypertrophy and steatosis, respectively), lesser evident in the SD group, together with metabolic and anthropometric alterations. In particular, IGF-1R immunodetection revealed a reduction of hypertrophy in SD heart sections. Notably, SD diet significantly reduced myocardial susceptibility against ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) with respect to HFD through the activation of survival signals (Akt, ERK1/2, and Bcl2). Systolic and diastolic performance was preserved in the SD group. Conclusions: We suggest that SD may contribute to the prevention of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular alterations typical of severe obesity induced by an HFD, including the increased ischemic susceptibility of the myocardium. Our results pave the way to evaluate the introduction of SD in human alimentary guidelines as a strategy to reduce saturated fat intake. © 2016 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University.
Comparative proteomics of liver of the diabetic obese db/db and non-obese or diabetic mice; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance. Liver is a key organ for the maintenance of systemic glucose homeostasis in mammals, including humans and mice. Under many nutritional conditions the liver maintains nearly constant blood glucose. We analyzed the protein profile from the liver from ten-week old diabetic obese db/db mice through twodimensional electrophoresis (2DE) and the identity of differentially expressed proteins was determined by using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF). Some of these proteins were pyruvate carboxylase, carbamoyl-phosphate synthase, succinate dehydrogenase, ornithine aminotransferase, selenium-binding protein, proteasome subunit alpha type-2, regucalcin, creatine kinase M-type, and others, which are involved in metabolic process of carbohydrates, lipids and proteins. Results suggest that alteration in the expression of these proteins plays a role in the pathogenesis of obesity and diabetes. In addition, we identified some proteins that have not been previously associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Neuropeptide Y overexpressing female and male mice show divergent metabolic but not gut microbial responses to prenatal metformin exposure; Background: Prenatal metformin exposure has been shown to improve the metabolic outcome in the offspring of high fat diet fed dams. However, if this is evident also in a genetic model of obesity and whether gut microbiota has a role, is not known. Methods: The metabolic effects of prenatal metformin exposure were investigated in a genetic model of obesity, mice overexpressing neuropeptide Y in the sympathetic nervous system and in brain noradrenergic neurons (OE-NPYDβH). Metformin was given for 18 days to the mated female mice. Body weight, body composition, glucose tolerance and serum parameters of the offspring were investigated on regular diet from weaning and sequentially on western diet (at the age of 5-7 months). Gut microbiota composition was analysed by 16S rRNA sequencing at 10-11 weeks. Results: In the male offspring, metformin exposure inhibited weight gain. Moreover, weight of white fat depots and serum insulin and lipids tended to be lower at 7 months. In contrast, in the female offspring, metformin exposure impaired glucose tolerance at 3 months, and subsequently increased body weight gain, fat mass and serum cholesterol. In the gut microbiota, a decline in Erysipelotrichaceae and Odoribacter was detected in the metformin exposed offspring. Furthermore, the abundance of Sutterella tended to be decreased and Parabacteroides increased. Gut microbiota composition of the metformin exposed male offspring correlated to their metabolic phenotype. Conclusion: Prenatal metformin exposure caused divergent metabolic phenotypes in the female and male offspring. Nevertheless, gut microbiota of metformin exposed offspring was similarly modified in both genders. © 2016 Salomäki-Myftari et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Overweight and obesity: Review and update; Obesity is an epidemic with important health repercussions in addition to high treatment-related costs. Between 2006 and 2007 the WHO developed new assessment tools, which aren’t being globally used. In fact, there is no unified problem management across the hemisphere. Objectives. To update obesity epidemiology, to promote application of WHO’s standards, to review new findings on physiopathology (i.e., fatty tissue as endocrine organ, intestinal microbiota), to update epidemiological information, and to provide management guidelines that can be integrated in clinical care. Methods. LAPSGHAN called up its members to collaborate in preparing this review article under the direction of an editor/coordinator, who selected the contents and literature with the best evidencetogether with the members. Each member prepared a separate document for each content. The chosen contents were later collated, unified, and edited. Results. This documents highlights the following: 1) Although extreme obesity is increasing in the US, overweight and obesity prevalence has stabilized, while in other countries it is alarmingly increasing; 2) New information regarding role of fatty tissue as endocrine organ and self-regulator of obesity; 3) The promising role of microbiota; and 4) Guidelines for children handling during consultation and follow-up. Conclusions. There is no widespread implementation of standards and guidelines from the World Health Organization (WHO). There is no agreement as to whether z-scores or percentiles should be used, especially regarding children under 2 due to their changing body complexion. The most accepted tool to assess overweight, obesity and severe obesity is the Body Mass Index (BMI). This document provides recommendations on how to approach clinical care with affected children. © 2016, Sociedad Argentina de Gastroenterologia. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes in association with family history and parity in women of KPK; Objective: To find out the relevance of parity and positive family history in development of diabetes mellitus. Material & Methods: One hundred respondents (pregnant women) were inducted in the study from March 2015 to August 2015. The participants were selected for screening on the basis of positive family history, parity. All the patients were inducted from the Khyber Teaching Hospital, Peshawar. OGTT was performed and a proforma was filled accordingly. Results: Out of hundred patients thirteen patients had plasma glucose (F) above 100 mg/dl. Ten participants of the study had plasma glucose (1Hr) level above 200 mg/dl. Similarly ten participants had plasma glucose (2Hr) level above 140 mg/dl. Thirteen participants had positive urine sugar. Conclusion: Positive family history of diabetes mellitus especially on maternal side strongly increases the chances of developing gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2016, Khyber Medical College. All rights reserved.
The Association of Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes; Background: Elevated alanine amino transferase, attributed to nonalcoholic fatty liver, is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. We sought to determine whether maternal ALT values are associated with subsequent development of gestational diabetes. Methods: We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected in early gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or alcohol use. We included 83 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 247 controls matched for prepregnancy body-mass index (BMI) and compared ALT values. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with ALT ≥19 U/L, stratified by prepregnancy BMI. Results: The median (interquartile range) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in controls (P = 0.07). Among women with a prepregnancy BMI <30 kg/m2, ALT ≥19 U/L was associated with a fourfold increased odds of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no such association among obese women (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]). Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased odds of GDM in nonobese (aOR 3.15 [1.04,9.54]), but not obese (aOR 3.15 [0.30,3.15]) women. Conclusion: The association of high normal ALT and later GDM in nonobese women may reflect the role of hepatic insulin resistance and visceral obesity. © 2016, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Effects of exercise training on intrahepatic lipid content in humans; Non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFL) is the most common liver disorder in western society. Various factors may play a role in determining hepatic fat content, such as delivery of lipids to the liver, de novo lipogenesis, hepatic lipid oxidation, secretion of intrahepatic lipids to the circulation or a combination of these. If delivery of lipids to the liver outweighs the sum of hepatic lipid oxidation and secretion, the intrahepatic lipid (IHL) content starts to increase and NAFL may develop. NAFL is closely related to obesity and insulin resistance and a fatty liver increases the vulnerability to type 2 diabetes development. Exercise training is a cornerstone in the treatment and prevention of type 2 diabetes. There is a large body of literature describing the beneficial metabolic consequences of exercise training on skeletal muscle metabolism. Recent studies have started to investigate the effects of exercise training on liver metabolism but data is still limited. Here, first, we briefly discuss the routes by which IHL content is modulated. Second, we review whether and how these contributing routes might be modulated by long-term exercise training. Third, we focus on the effects of acute exercise on IHL metabolism, since exercise also might affect hepatic metabolism in the physically active state. This will give insight into whether the effect of exercise training on IHL could be explained by the accumulated effect of acute bouts of exercise, or whether adaptations might occur only after long-term exercise training. The primary focus of this review will be on observations made in humans. Where human data is missing, data obtained from well-accepted animal models will be used. © 2016, The Author(s).
Fish and fish oil and the metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome is a condition in which multiple metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes are present (abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, and hypertension). The impact of metabolic syndrome on public health is profound through the increased risk of morbidity and mortality. Fish consumption may improve metabolic health and have a protective role in the prevention of metabolic syndrome. This protective role may however be related to gender, as men may benefit more from the consumption of fish. Both fish and fish oil are beneficial in reducing the metabolic syndrome through their ability to modulating lipid metabolism and to affect inflammatory processes. Further, both lean and fatty fish may have a protective role through positive effects on satiety and to provision of a variety of different nutrients. Additional research is required to further explore these associations to improve or reverse metabolic syndrome and its components. © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Depletion of NAD pool contributes to impairment of endothelial progenitor cell mobilization in diabetes; Objective The impaired mobilization of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) from bone marrow (BM) critically contributes to the diabetes-associated vascular complications. Here, we investigated the relationship between the nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (NAMPT)-controlled nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) metabolism and the impaired mobilization of BM-derived EPCs in diabetic condition. Methods The NAMPT-NAD pool in BM and BM-derived EPCs in wild-type (WT) and diabetic db/db mice was determined. Nicotinamide, a natural substrate for NAD biosynthesis, was administrated for 2 weeks in db/db mice to examine the influence of enhancing NAD pool on BM and blood EPCs number. The modulations of stromal cell-derived factor-1α (SDF-1α) and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) protein in BM were measured using immunoblotting. The EPCs intracellular NAMPT level and NAD concentration, as well as the blood EPCs number, were compared between 9 healthy people and 16 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The T2DM patients were treated with nicotinamide for two weeks and then the blood EPCs number was determined. Moreover, the association between blood EPCs numbers and EPCs intracellular NAD+/NAMPT protein levels in 21 healthy individuals was determined. Results We found that NAD concentration and NAMPT expression in BM and BM-derived EPCs of db/db mice were significantly lower than those in WT mice BM. Enhancing NAD pool not only increased the EPCs intracellular NAD concentration and blood EPCs number, but also improved post-ischemic wound healing and blood reperfusion in db/db mice with hind-limb ischemia model. Enhancing NAD pool rescued the impaired modulations of stromal cell-derived factor-1α (SDF-1α) and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) protein levels in db/db mice BM upon hind-limb ischemia. In addition, enhancing NAD pool significantly inhibited PARP and caspase-3 activates in db/db mice BM. The intracellular NAMPT-NAD pool was positively associated with blood EPCs number in healthy individuals. At last, we found that the EPC intracellular NAMPT and NAD+ levels were reduced in T2DM patients and enhancing NAD pool elevated the circulating blood EPCs number in T2DM patients. Conclusion Our results indicate that the depletion of NAD pool may contribute to the impairment of EPCs mobilization in diabetic condition, and imply the potential therapeutic value of nicotinamide in the prevention and treatment for cardiovascular complications of diabetes. © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diet-induced maternal obesity alters insulin signalling in male mice offspring rechallenged with a high-fat diet in adulthood; Modern lifestyle has resulted in an increase in the prevalence of obesity and its comorbidities in pregnant women and the young population. It has been well established that the consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) has many direct effects on glucose metabolism. However, it is important to assess whether maternal consumption of a HFD during critical periods of development can lead to metabolic changes in the offspring metabolism. This study evaluated the potential effects of metabolic programming on the impairment of insulin signalling in recently weaned offspring from obese dams. Additionally, we investigated if early exposure to an obesogenic environment could exacerbate the impairment of glucose metabolism in adult life in response to a HFD. Swiss female mice were fed with Standard Chow (SC) or a HFD during gestation and lactation and tissues from male offspring were analysed at d28 and d82. Offspring from obese dams had greater weight gain and higher adiposity and food intake than offspring from control dams. Furthermore, they showed impairment in insulin signalling in central and peripheral tissues, which was associated with the activation of inflammatory pathways. Adipose tissue was ultimately the most affected in adult offspring after HFD rechallenge; this may have contributed to the metabolic deregulation observed. Overall, our results suggest that diet-induced maternal obesity leads to increased susceptibility to obesity and impairment of insulin signalling in offspring in early and late life that cannot be reversed by SC consumption, but can be aggravated by HFD re-exposure. © 2016 Fante et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Antidiabetic activity of perylenequinonoid-rich extract from Shiraia bambusicola in KK-Ay mice with spontaneous type 2 diabetes mellitus; Ethnopharmacological relevance Bitter and cold traditional Chinese medicines (TCMs) have been long used to treat diabetes mellitus (DM) based on unique medical theory system since ancient China. As one of bitter and cold TCMs, the stromatas of Shiraia bambusicola have been used for the treatment of DM and exerted clinical effects to a certain extent. However, the corresponding active principles and antidiabetic mechanism of the TCM still remain unknown. Therefore, the aim of the present investigation was to evaluate the potential antidiabetic effect of the active Shiraia bambusicola EtOAc extract (SB-EtOAc) in vitro and in vivo, and elucidate its probable antidiabetic mechanism. Materials and methods A LC-PDA-ESIMS protocol was developed to determine the chemical principles of the active EtOAc extract rapidly and unambiguously. The effect of SB-EtOAc on the glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) translocation and glucose uptake in L6 cells was examined. SB-EtOAc was orally administration at the dose of 30, 60 and 120 mg/kg/d in KK-Ay mice, for 21 days. Body weight, plasma glucose, oral glucose tolerance test, fasted blood glucose levels, oral glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test, serum insulin and blood-lipid indexes were measured. GLUT4 on L6 cells membrane and phosphorylation of the AMP-activated protein kinase (p-AMPK) expression in L6 cells were measured. The GLUT4 and p-AMPK expression in KK-Ay mice skeletal muscle were measured. Phosphorylation of the acetyl-CoA carboxylase (p-ACC) and p-AMPK were measured. Results In vitro, SB-EtOAc exhibited a strong effect of stimulation on GLUT4 translocation by 3.2 fold in L6 cells compared with basal group, however, the selective AMPK inhibitor compound C can completely inhibit the AMPK pathway and prevent the GLUT4 translocation caused by SB-EtOAc. The further western blotting experiments showed that SB-EtOAc can stimulate AMPK phosphorylation in L6 cells and improve the expression of GLUT4. In vivo, SB-EtOAc can improve the KK-Ay mice insulin resistant and oral glucose tolerance to a certain extent. And the body weight, blood glucose levels and the serum TC, TG, FFA, AST, ALT and LDL-C were significantly reduced and HDL-C were increased after 3 weeks treatment. Mechanistically, phosphorylation of the AMPK and ACC had been improved obviously and the levels of AMPK phosphorylation and GLUT4 had been also enhanced. Conclusion In vitro, SB-EtOAc exhibited a strong effect of stimulation on GLUT4 translocation and improved significantly the glucose uptake. In vivo, SB-EtOAc significantly improved oral glucose tolerance and the insulin resistant as well as glucolipid metabolism. In this study, SB-EtOAc displayed promising positive antidiabetic activity in vitro and in vivo, partly by modulating AMPK-GLUT4 and AMPK-ACC signaling pathways. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
The current role of thiazolidinediones in diabetes management; Among the epidemics of modern time, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the main contributors to overall morbidity as well as mortality. A number of different treatment options are available for the management of diabetes. Among them thiazolidinediones (TZDs) is an interesting drug class since it does not target the result of T2DM, i.e., hyperglycemia but rather some of the core mechanisms of the disease. Indeed, glitazones increase insulin sensitivity by activating the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ, which plays an important role in regulating various metabolic parameters. Although TZDs have an established efficacy in T2DM treatment, their usage during the past years was questioned following the emergence of some alarming data regarding their safety and especially the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone. As a result, there is often some skepticism about the current role of TZDs in T2DM management. This mainly affects rosiglitazone even leading to its withdrawal from several markets in contrast to pioglitazone, which has shown a beneficial cardiovascular profile. A comprehensive assessment of the benefit-to-risk ratio of TZDs is required in order to better understand the place of these drugs in T2DM management. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Insulin signaling, inflammation, and lipolysis in subcutaneous adipose tissue of transition dairy cows either overfed energy during the prepartum period or fed a controlled-energy diet; Adipose tissue mobilization is a hallmark of the transition period in dairy cows. Cows overfed energy during the dry period have higher concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) compared with cows fed a controlled-energy diet prepartum. The reason for an increase in blood NEFA concentrations at the level of adipose tissue in cows overfed energy has not been fully elucidated. One hypothesis is that cows with high BHB concentrations suffer from adipose tissue-specific insulin resistance, leading to higher rates of adipose tissue mobilization in the postpartum period. To test this hypothesis, subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies of cows overfed energy in excess of predicted requirements by 50% in the dry period, and that had high concentrations of blood BHB postpartum (group H; n = 12), were used. Findings were compared with results of biopsies from cows fed a controlled-energy diet and with low BHB concentrations postpartum (group C; n = 12) to create the biggest contrast in BHB concentrations. Subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies were obtained before and 60 min after an intravenous glucose challenge (0.25 g/kg of glucose) at 28 and 10 d before expected calving as well as on d 4 and 21 postpartum. Phosphorylation of protein kinase B, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, and hormone-sensitive lipase was determined before and after glucose infusion by Western blot. Western blot was also used to assess the baseline protein abundance of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma and insulin receptor β-subunit. In addition, gene expression of fatty acid synthase, adiponectin, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1, and tumor necrosis factor α was determined by real-time quantitative reverse-transcription PCR. Backfat thickness was determined in the thurl area by ultrasonography. Cows in group H showed a greater degree of lipogenesis prepartum, but no differences were found in lipolytic enzyme activity postpartum compared with cows in group C. Baseline plasma insulin concentrations were decreased and serum NEFA concentrations increased postpartum in group H. Insulin signaling through protein kinase B, quantity of insulin receptor, markers of inflammation, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma in adipose tissue were not different between the groups, but expression of adiponectin was increased in adipose tissue of cows in group H during the immediate peripartum period. In conclusion, differences in serum concentrations of NEFA between cows overfed energy prepartum and high blood concentrations of BHB are likely due to greater negative energy balance postpartum reflected in lower circulating concentrations of glucose and insulin and an increase in the total amount of mobilized adipose tissue mass rather than due to changes in adipose tissue insulin signaling. © 2016 American Dairy Science Association
Sex and gender differences in risk, pathophysiology and complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus; The steep rise of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and associated complicationsgoalong with mounting evidence of clinically important sex and gender differences. T2DM is more frequently diagnosed at lower age and body mass index in men; however, the most prominent risk factor, which is obesity, is more common in women. Generally, large sex-ratio differences across countries are observed. Diversities in biology, culture, lifestyle, environment, and socioeconomic status impact differences between males and females in predisposition, development, and clinical presentation. Genetic effects and epigenetic mechanisms, nutritional factors and sedentary lifestyle affect risk and complications differently in both sexes. Furthermore, sex hormones have a great impact on energy metabolism, body composition, vascular function, and inflammatory responses. Thus, endocrine imbalances relate to unfavorable cardiometabolic traits, observable in women with androgen excess or men with hypogonadism. Both biological and psychosocial factors are responsible for sex and gender differences in diabetes risk and outcome. Overall, psychosocial stress appears to have greater impact onwomenrather than on men. In addition, womenhave greater increases of cardiovascular risk, myocardial infarction, and stroke mortality than men, compared with nondiabetic subjects. However, when dialysis therapy is initiated, mortality is comparable in both males and females. Diabetes appears to attenuate the protective effect of the female sex in the development of cardiac diseases and nephropathy. Endocrine and behavioral factors are involved in gender inequalities and affect the outcome. More research regarding sex-dimorphic pathophysiological mechanisms of T2DM and its complications could contribute to more personalized diabetes care in the future and would thus promote more awareness in terms of sex- and gender-specific risk factors. © 2016 by the Endocrine Society.
Influence of cafeteria diet and fish oil in pregnancy and lactation on pups’ body weight and fatty acid profiles in rats; Purpose: The aim was to determine the effects of cafeteria diet (CD) and fish oil supplements given to pregnant and lactating rats on the birth weight and fatty acid profiles of their offspring. Methods: Female rats were given standard diet (STD) or CD for 22 days before pregnancy. After mating, some animals remained on STD or CD; for some CD rats, the diet was supplemented with 8.78 % fish oil (CD-FO). After 12 days, half the CD-FO group returned to CD (CD-FO12) and the others remained on CD-FO. Results: At birth, body weights of pups of the three CD groups were lower than STD, maintained until 21 days in the CD-FO group only. At the end of lactation, dams of the CD groups had increased plasma triacylglycerols (TAG), non-esterified fatty acids, and glycerol concentrations, whereas most n-6 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) were decreased, the effect being greatest in the CD-FO group, where most n-3 LCPUFA were increased and indices of Δ5 and Δ6 desaturase activities decreased. The 21-day-old pups of the CD group had increased plasma TAG, not present in the CD-FO group, which had increased 3-hydroxybutyrate concentrations. In both 2- and 21-day-old CD pups, plasma concentrations of ARA were lower than STD, and even lower in the two CD-FO groups. Conclusions: The effect of CD and CD-FO decreasing pups body weight could be related to decreased concentrations of ARA, caused by the inhibition of the Δ5 and Δ6 desaturases in the pathway of n-6 LCPUFA biosynthesis. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Meat consumption and risk of developing type 2 diabetes in the sun project: A highly educated middle-class population; Background Meat consumption has been consistently associated with the risk of diabetes in different populations. The aim of our study was to investigate the incidence of type 2 diabetes according to baseline total meat consumption in a longitudinal assessment of a middleaged Mediterranean population. Methods We followed 18,527 participants (mean age: 38 years, 61% women) in the SUN Project, an open-enrolment cohort of a highly educated population of middle-class Spanish graduate students. All participants were initially free of diabetes. Diet was assessed at baseline using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire of 136-items previously validated. Incident diabetes was defined according to the American Diabetes Association's criteria. Results We identified 146 incident cases of diabetes after a maximum of 14 years of follow-up period (mean: 8.7 years). In the fully adjusted model, the consumption of 3 servings/day of all types of meat was significantly associated with a higher risk of diabetes (HR: 1.85; 95% CI: 1.03-3.31; p for trend = 0.031) in comparison with the reference category (<2 servings/ day). When we separated processed from non-processed meat, we observed a non-significant higher risk associated with greater consumption of processed meat and a non-significant lower risk associated with non-processed meat consumption (p for trend = 0.123 and 0.487, respectively). No significant difference was found between the two types of meat (p = 0.594). Conclusions Our results suggest that meat consumption, especially processed meat, was associated with a higher risk of developing diabetes in our young Mediterranean cohort. © 2016 Mari-Sanchis et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any  medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Investigating the role of cortisol and growth hormone in fatty liver development: fatty liver index in patients with pituitary adenomas; Purpose: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hallmark of the metabolic syndrome and has been shown to be an independent predictor of cardiovascular mortality. Although glucocorticoids and growth hormone are known to be implicated in its pathophysiology, it has only rarely been investigated in the context of patients with pituitary insufficiency or former cortisol excess. Methods: Case–control study in patients with biochemically controlled Cushing’s disease (CD; N = 33) and non-functioning pituitary adenomas (NFPA; N = 79). NAFLD was estimated by calculating the fatty liver index (FLI) including BMI, waist circumference, GGT and triglyceride levels. Results: Although there was no difference in FLI between patients with NFPA and CD, we identified average daily hydrocortisone (HC) intake in those with adrenal insufficiency to be an independent predictor of FLI (β = 1.124; p = 0.017), even after adjusting for BMI and waist circumference. In line, those with a FLI > 60 were also taking in average significantly more HC per day than those with a score <60 (21.05 mg ± 5.9 vs. 17.9 mg ± 4.4; p = 0.01). FLI was also the best independent predictor for HbA1c and fasting glucose levels (both p = 0.001). Growth hormone deficiency and replacement therapy were not associated with FLI in either group. Conclusions: While HC dosage affects FLI as an estimate of NFLD in patients with CD and NFPA, the benefit of GH replacement still needs to be determined. In contrast to reports in CD patients with active disease, NAFLD in those with biochemical control was not different from NFPA patients. © 2016, The Authors.
The interaction between gender and diabetes mellitus in the coronary heart disease risk; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) despite the advances in medical management keeps on as the primary cause of morbidity and mortality for both genders in Western societies. Sex differences though modify the clinical picture as well as the effectiveness of treatment. Methods and Results: In this literature review article we searched publications in Englishlanguage on MEDLINE and the Cochrane Database from the beginning of the databases to January 2016. Among the specific key words and phrases we used were Diabetes Mellitus; Gender; Coronary artery disease; Stroke and Cardiovascular disease. Various studies have found that diabetic women have increased risk of coronary heart disease than their male counterparts; however, further research into this field has questioned this finding and there is much controversy among many researchers. Women have a different risk factor profile, are usually treated less effectively than men, and have a variance in the levels of sex hormones throughout their life which complicate the study and understanding of the mechanisms involved in insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk profile. Conclusion: The connection between diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease is variable according to gender and further studies are needed to elucidate the lenient differentiations in gender specific hormones, risk factor profile, and therapeutic implications between genders. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Extrahepatic Manifestations of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver disease worldwide with an increased prevalence of metabolic, macro-, and microvascular complications. The primary causes of mortality in NAFLD are cardiovascular disease (CVD), malignancy, and liver disease. NAFLD is a multisystem disease that affects a variety of extrahepatic organ systems. The main focus of this review is to summarize the reported extrahepatic associations, which include CVD, chronic kidney disease, obstructive sleep apnea, osteoporosis, psoriasis, colorectal cancer, iron overload, and various endocrinopathies (e.g., type 2 diabetes mellitus, thyroid dysfunction, and polycystic ovarian syndrome). Due to the systemic manifestations of NAFLD, patients require a multidisciplinary assessment and may benefit from more rigorous surveillance and early treatment interventions to decrease mortality related to malignancy or cardiometabolic diseases. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2016.
Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity in early pregnancy together predict impaired glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy; Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity individually reflect insulin resistance, but their combined effect on glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy is unknown. A cohort of 476 pregnant women prospectively underwent sonographic assessment of hepatic fat and visceral (VAT) and total (TAT) adipose tissue at 11-14 weeks' gestation. Logistic regression was used to assess the relation between the presence of maternal hepatic fat and/or the upper quartile (Q) of either VAT or TAT and the odds of developing the composite outcome of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-28 weeks' gestation, based on a 75 g OGTT. Upon adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, family history of DM and body mass index (BMI), the co-presence of hepatic fat and quartile 4 (Q4) of VAT (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.5, 95% CI: 2.3-18.5) or hepatic fat and Q4 of TAT (aOR 7.8 95% CI 2.8-21.7) were each associated with the composite outcome, relative to women with neither sonographic feature. First-Trimester sonographic evidence of maternal hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity may independently predict the development of impaired glucose homeostasis and GDM in mid-pregnancy.
Maternal obesity and malnourishment exacerbate perinatal oxidative stress resulting in diabetogenic programming in F1 offspring; The effect of in-utero environment on fetal health and survival is long-lasting, and this is known as the fetal origin hypothesis. The oxidative stress state during gestation could play a pivotal role in fetal programming and development of diseases such as diabetes. In this study, we investigated the effect of intra-uterine obesity and malnutrition on oxidative stress markers in pancreatic and peripheral tissues of F1 offspring both prenatally and postnatally. Furthermore, the effect of postnatal diet on oxidative stress profile was evaluated. The results indicated that intra-uterine obesity and malnourishment significantly increased oxidative stress in F1 offspring. Moreover, the programming effect of obesity was more pronounced and protracted than malnutrition. The obesity-induced programming of offspring tissues was independent of high-caloric environment that the offspring endured; however, high-caloric diet potentiated its effect. In addition, pancreas and liver were the most affected tissues by fetal reprogramming both prenatally and postnatally. In conclusion, maternal obesity and malnutrition-induced oxidative stress could predispose offspring to insulin resistance and diabetes. © 2015, Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Effects of probiotic supplementation on glycaemic control and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background To our knowledge, data on the effects of probiotic supplementation on glycaemic control and lipid concentrations in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are scarce. Aim The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of probiotic supplementation on glycaemic control and lipid profiles in GDM patients. Methods Sixty pregnant women with GDM, primigravida and aged 18–40 years, were divided into two groups to receive either probiotic capsules (n = 30) or a matching placebo (n = 30) in this randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The patients in the probiotic group took a daily capsule that contained three viable freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 × 109 CFU/g), L. casei (2 × 109 CFU/g) and Bifidobacterium bifidum (2 × 109 CFU/g) for 6 weeks. The placebo group took capsules filled with cellulose for the same time period. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study to quantify the relevant markers. Results After 6 weeks of intervention, probiotic supplementation vs a placebo resulted in significant decreases in fasting plasma glucose (−9.2 ± 9.2 mg/dL vs +1.1 ± 12.2 mg/dL, P < 0.001), serum insulin levels (−0.8 ± 3.1 μIU/mL vs +4.5 ± 10.6 μIU/mL, P = 0.01), homoeostasis model assessment (HOMA) for insulin resistance (−0.4 ± 0.9 vs +1.1 ± 2.5, P = 0.003) and HOMA for β-cell function (+1.1 ± 9.8 vs +18.0 ± 42.5, P = 0.03), and a significant increase in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.007 ± 0.01 vs −0.01 ± 0.02, P = 0.007). In addition, significant decreases in serum triglycerides (−1.6 ± 59.4 mg/dL vs +27.1 ± 37.9 mg/dL, P = 0.03) and VLDL cholesterol concentrations (−0.3 ± 11.9 mg/dL vs +5.4 ± 7.6 mg/dL, P = 0.03) were seen following supplementation with the probiotics compared with the placebo. However, no significant changes in other lipid profiles were seen with the intervention. Conclusion Overall, the results of our study have demonstrated that taking probiotic supplements for 6 weeks in patients with GDM had beneficial effects on glycaemic control, triglycerides and VLDL cholesterol concentrations, although there was no effect on other lipid profiles. © 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS
Pregnancy eating attributes study (PEAS): A cohort study examining behavioral and environmental influences on diet and weight change in pregnancy and postpartum; Background: The rising prevalence of maternal overweight/obesity and excessive gestational weight gain poses a serious public health concern due to the contribution of these factors to increased risk of negative health outcomes for both mother and child. Scant intervention research has indicated moderate short-term improvement in maternal diet and gestational weight gain, with little evidence of long-term behavior change, in parallel with findings from interventions outside of pregnancy. Recent laboratory-based findings from neuroscience implicate aberrant reward processing of food at the brain level ("food reward sensitivity,"the between-individual variation in the response to food stimuli) as a contributor to eating beyond energy needs. However, scant research has examined the influence of these processes on weight change in population-based settings, and the relevance of these processes to pregnancy-related weight change has not been explored. The purpose of the Pregnancy Eating Attributes Study (PEAS) is to examine the role of food reward sensitivity in maternal diet and weight change during pregnancy and postpartum. The study examines the interplay of food reward sensitivity with behavioral control, home food environment, and related aspects of eating behavior in the context of weight-related biomedical, psychosocial, genetic and behavioral factors including physical activity, stress, sleep and depression. Methods: Women of varying baseline weight status (n = 450) are enrolled early in pregnancy and followed, along with their infants, until 1 year postpartum. Assessments occur during each trimester of pregnancy, and postpartum at approximately 2 months, 6 months, 9 months and 12 months. Maternal food reward, self-control, home food environment, eating behaviors, dietary intake, health behaviors, and anthropometrics are assessed along with maternal and infant clinical and biological data, infant anthropometrics, and feeding practices. Primary exposures of interest include food reward sensitivity, behavioral control, and home food environment. Primary outcomes include gestational weight gain, postpartum weight retention and maternal diet quality. Discussion: With increasing evidence suggesting the relevance of food reward sensitivity for understanding eating behavior, PEAS aims to advance understanding of the determinants of eating behavior during pregnancy, informing future interventions for improving maternal diet and weight change, and leading to improved maternal and child health and weight trajectories. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02217462. Date of registration: August 13, 2014  © 2016 The Author(s).
Exposure of C57BL/6J mice to long photoperiod during early life stages increases body weight and alters plasma metabolomic profiles in adulthood; Perinatal photoperiod is an important regulator of physiological phenotype in adulthood. In this study, we demonstrated that postnatal (0–4 weeks old) exposure of C57BL/6J mice to long photoperiod induced persistent increase in body weight until adulthood, compared with the mice maintained under short photoperiod. The expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ, a gene involved in fatty acid metabolism, was decreased in 10-week-old mice exposed to long photoperiod during 0–4 or 4–8 weeks of age. Plasma metabolomic profiles of adult mice exposed to a long photoperiod during the postnatal period (0–4 LD) were compared to those in the mice exposed to short photoperiod during the same period. Cluster analysis revealed that both carbon metabolic pathway and nucleic acid pathway were altered by the postnatal photoperiod. Levels of metabolites involved in glycolysis were significantly upregulated in 0–4 LD, suggesting that the mice in 0–4 LD use the glycolytic pathway for energy expenditure rather than the fatty acid oxidation pathway. In addition, the mice in 0–4 LD exhibited high levels of purine metabolites, which have a role in neuroprotection. In conclusion, postnatal exposure of C57BL/6J mice to long photoperiod induces increase in body weight and various changes in plasma metabolic profiles during adulthood. © 2016 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of the American Physiological Society and The Physiological Society.
A possible connection between tumor necrosis factor alpha and adropin levels in polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: Adropin is a peptide hormone implicated in the regulation of insulin sensitivity and energy homeostasis. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a metabolic and reproductive disease associated with insulin resistance. It has been demonstrated that various inflammatory markers increased in PCOS including TNF-α. TNF-α regulates the secretion of certain peptides which play a crucial role in glucose and lipid homeostasis. There is also some evidence of a link between TNF-α and adropin. Objective: To ascertain whether there is an association between circulating adropin levels and TNF-α in PCOS. Patients and design: 152 women with PCOS and 152 age- and body mass index-matched controls without PCOS were recruited for this cross-sectional study. Main outcome measures: Adropin and TNF-α levels were measured using ELISA. Results: Adropin levels were lower in the PCOS group compared with the control group (7.43 ± 0.79 vs. 9.42 ± 0.76 ng/ml, P < 0.001), whereas TNF-α levels were higher (49.93 ± 3.39 vs. 35.83 ± 2.47 pg/ml, P < 0.001). A strongly negative correlation was found between circulating adropin levels and TNF-α levels in women with PCOS (r = −0.407, P < 0.001). Binary logistic regression analysis revealed that decreased adropin levels were significantly associated with high odds of having PCOS, although, after adjustment for TNF-α, this link vanished. Additionally, multiple linear regression analysis showed that HOMA-IR and TFN-α independently predicted adropin levels. Conclusions: Serum adropin levels are significantly decreased in PCOS and are inversely associated with TNF-α. Further dissection of the nature of this association can open new therapeutic options for metabolic diseases. © 2016, Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE).
Modulation of irisin and physical activity on executive functions in obesity and morbid obesity; Whether the executive profile is different between obesity (OB) and morbid obesity (MO) remains unclear. Recent evidence suggests that physical activity (PA) can act as a cognitive enhancer. Irisin is a recently discovered hormone associated with some of the positive effects of PA. The objective of the study was to investigate the executive profile in OB and MO, and to explore the role of PA and irisin. 114 participants were included (21 OB, 44 MO and 49 healthy controls-HC) in the study and assessed with the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, Stroop Color and Word Test, and Iowa Gambling Task. All participants were female, aged between 18 and 60 years. Results showed a similar dysfunctional profile on decision making in OB and MO compared with HC. Thus, no specific neuropsychological profiles between OB and MO can be clearly observed in our sample. However, a negative correlation was found between irisin and executive functioning. These results demonstrate a specific executive profile in OB and a relevant and negative modulation of irisin on executive functioning. Although irisin might be a promising target for the treatment of obesity, its effects on cognition might be considered when thinking about its therapeutic use.
Trans-fatty acids aggravate obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in C57BL/6 mice, possibly by suppressing the IRS1 dependent pathway; Trans-fatty acid consumption has been reported as a risk factor for metabolic disorders and targeted organ damages. Nonetheless, little is known about the roles and mechanisms of trans-fatty acids in obesity, insulin resistance (IR) and hepatic steatosis. Adult C57BL/6 male mice were fed with four different diets for 20 weeks: normal diet (ND), high fat diet (HFD), low trans-fatty acids diet (LTD) and high trans-fatty acid diet (HTD). The diet-induced metabolic disorders were assessed by evaluating body weight, glucose tolerance test, hepatic steatosis and plasma lipid profiles post 20-week diet. Histological (H&E, Oil-Red-O) staining and western blot analysis were employed to assess liver steatosis and potential signaling pathways. After 20-weeks of diet, the body weights of the four groups were 29.61 ± 1.89 g (ND), 39.04 ± 4.27 g (HFD), 34.09 ± 2.62 g (LTD) and 43.78 ± 4.27 g (HTD) (p < 0.05), respectively. HFD intake significantly impaired glucose tolerance, which was impaired further in the mice consuming the HTD diet. The effect was further exacerbated by HTD diet. Moreover, the HTD group exhibited significantly more severe liver steatosis compared with HFD group possibly through regulating adipose triglyceride lipase. The group consuming the HTD also exhibited significantly reduced levels of IRS1, phosphor-PKC and phosphor-AKT. These results support our hypothesis that consumption of a diet high in trans-fatty acids induces higher rates of obesity, IR and hepatic steatosis in male C57BL/6 mice, possibly by suppressing the IRS1dependent pathway. © 2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI.
What Have Metabolomics Approaches Taught Us About Type 2 Diabetes?; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing worldwide, making identification of biomarkers for detection, staging, and effective prevention strategies an especially critical scientific and medical goal. Fortunately, advances in metabolomics techniques, together with improvements in bioinformatics and mathematical modeling approaches, have provided the scientific community with new tools to describe the T2D metabolome. The metabolomics signatures associated with T2D and obesity include increased levels of lactate, glycolytic intermediates, branched-chain and aromatic amino acids, and long-chain fatty acids. Conversely, tricarboxylic acid cycle intermediates, betaine, and other metabolites decrease. Future studies will be required to fully integrate these and other findings into our understanding of diabetes pathophysiology and to identify biomarkers of disease risk, stage, and responsiveness to specific treatments. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Maternal Obesity Promotes Diabetic Nephropathy in Rodent Offspring; Maternal obesity is known to increase the risk of obesity and diabetes in offspring. Though diabetes is a key risk factor for the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD), the relationship between maternal obesity and CKD has not been clearly defined. In this study, a mouse model of maternal obesity was employed to determine the impact of maternal obesity on development of diabetic nephropathy in offspring. Female C57BL/6 mice were fed high-fat diet (HFD) for six weeks prior to mating, during gestation and lactation. Male offspring were weaned to normal chow diet. At postnatal Week 8, offspring were randomly administered low dose streptozotocin (STZ, 55 mg/kg/day for five days) to induce diabetes. Assessment of renal damage took place at postnatal Week 32. We found that offspring of obese mothers had increased renal fibrosis, inflammation and oxidative stress. Importantly, offspring exposed to maternal obesity had increased susceptibility to renal damage when an additional insult, such as STZ-induced diabetes, was imposed. Specifically, renal inflammation and oxidative stress induced by diabetes was augmented by maternal obesity. Our findings suggest that developmental programming induced by maternal obesity has implications for renal health in offspring. Maternal obesity should be considered a risk factor for CKD.
Free fatty acid G-protein coupled receptor signaling in M1 skewed white adipose tissue macrophages; Obesity is associated with the establishment and maintenance of a low grade, chronically inflamed state in the white adipose tissue (WAT) of the body. The WAT macrophage population is a major cellular participant in this inflammatory process that significantly contributes to the pathophysiology of the disease, with the adipose depots of obese individuals, relative to lean counterparts, having an elevated number of macrophages that are skewed towards a pro-inflammatory phenotype. Alterations in the WAT lipid micro-environment, and specifically the availability of free fatty acids, are believed to contribute towards the obesity-related quantitative and functional changes observed in these cells. This review specifically addresses the involvement of the five G-protein coupled free fatty acid receptors which bind exogenous FFAs and signal in macrophages. Particular focus is placed on the involvement of these receptors in macrophage migration and cytokine production, two important aspects that modulate inflammation. © 2016, Springer International Publishing.
Hepatic insulin resistance in NAFLD: relationship with markers of atherosclerosis and metabolic syndrome components; Aims: Fat accumulation in the liver and in the muscle results in hepatic and muscle insulin resistance and has been associated with increased cardiovascular risk. It is unclear whether the individual role of hepatic and muscle insulin resistance in the onset of dyslipidaemia is observed in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) patients and whether this association is mediated through traditional risk factors. The aim of this study was to assess hepatic and muscle insulin resistance in NAFLD and its relationship with carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT) and the apoB/apoAI ratio as markers of atherosclerosis. Methods: We studied 132 patients with a non-invasive diagnosis of NAFLD stratified into two groups according to the severity of steatosis at ultrasound scan. In all subjects, we measured hepatic insulin resistance (H-IR) and muscle insulin sensitivity index (MISI) by oral glucose tolerance test as proposed by DeFronzo, IMT, apoB/apoAI and the components of the metabolic syndrome (MS) as defined by ATP III. Results: H-IR was significantly higher in moderate/severe steatosis than in the mild steatosis group (p < 0.0001). By contrast, MISI did not differ between the two groups. There was a significant correlation between H-IR, MISI and all of the components of MS. H-IR was significantly correlated with carotid IMT (r = 0.35; p < 0.0001) and the apoB/apoAI ratio (r = 0.43; p < 0.0001). Otherwise, a significant correlation was observed only between MISI and apoB/apoAI ratio. Multivariate analysis revealed that H-IR is related to early markers of atherosclerosis independent of MS components. Conclusions: In our study population, NAFLD was positively associated with carotid IMT, and this association is independent of MS components, but strictly related to H-IR that might contribute to the development of atherosclerosis through an impairment of the lipid profile in terms of the apoB/apoAI ratio. By contrast, no significant relation was observed between MISI and carotid IMT. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Italia.
Diabetic pregnancy activates the innate immune response through TLR5 or TLR1/2 on neonatal monocyte; Diabetes mellitus (DM) during pregnancy causes congenital malformation, macrosomia, respiratory distress syndrome, and other abnormalities in neonates, but whether maternal DM affects the neonatal innate immune system is unknown. Therefore we aimed to reveal the influence of DM in pregnancy on the toll-like receptor (TLR)–mediated innate immune response in neonates. Cord blood was collected after full-term vaginal or cesarean delivery and classified into a DM group (n = 8) and non-DM (control) group (n = 7). Mononuclear cells were harvested from cord blood by using density gradient centrifugation, after which anti-CD14 magnetic beads were used to isolate monocytes from the mononuclear population. After monocytes were cultured with lipopolysaccharide (TLR4 ligand), flagellin (TLR5 ligand), Pam3CSK4 (TLR1/TLR2 ligand), zymosan (TLR2/TLR6 ligand), or macrophage-activating lipopeptide (TLR2/TLR6 ligand) for 12 h, the cytokine levels (interleukin [IL]-8, IL-6, IL-1β, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor alpha and IL-12) in the culture supernatants were measured. Compared with the control group, the DM group had higher concentrations of IL-8 (P = 0.01) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (P = 0.02) after monocyte cultures were stimulated with Pam3CSK4 and higher concentrations of IL-8 (P = 0.01) after flagellin treatment. In contrast, stimulation with lipopolysaccharide, zymosan, or macrophage-activating lipopeptide did not lead to any difference in cytokine profiles between the two groups. These data indicate that maternal DM induces excessive inflammatory activation in neonates via a TLR5- or TLR1/2-mediated innate immune response. © 2016 The Authors
Detecting people at high risk of type 2 diabetes- How do we find them and who should be treated?; Diabetes is a chronic disease characterized by its silent and progressive nature. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) increases with age but with a worrying trend of increasingly young age of diagnosis. Compared to their counterparts with late onset of disease, these younger subjects face long disease duration with increased risk of diabetes-related complications. Besides, there is marked phenotypic heterogeneity which can interact with different interventions to give rise to variable clinical outcomes. Recognized at-risk groups include those with known atherosclerosis and vascular disease, genetic background (family history and non-White ethnic groups), phenotypes of insulin resistance (obesity, metabolic syndrome, women with gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, and men with androgen deficiency) and “pre-diabetes” (impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose). These risk factors interact to amplify the risk for diabetes, thus emphasizing the importance of comprehensive assessment. Raising awareness and health literacy, regular screening of high risk subjects, structured lifestyle modification program including early use of pharmacological agents, targeting at predominant pathophysiological defects offers a personalized approach to prevent this global hazard. © 2016 The Authors
Proposed cut-off value of the intrahepatic lipid content for metabolically normal persons assessed by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in a Japanese population; Aims To determine the threshold intrahepatic lipid (IHL) content separating metabolically normal from abnormal in a Japanese population based on proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS). Methods A total of 305 Japanese subjects aged 20–69 years were investigated. The subjects underwent general examination, blood tests, and 1H-MRS of the liver after an overnight fast. They completed a questionnaire about daily drinking habits and their daily alcohol intake was calculated. Results The median IHL content was 4.7% in men and 1.7% in women, and it increased along with the number of features of metabolic syndrome (MetS). The optimum IHL cut-off value for separating normal subjects from those with at least one feature of MetS was 6.5% in men (AUC of ROC: 0.727, 95%-CI: 0.649–0.804) and 1.8% in women (0.765, 0.685–0.844). Alcohol intake was not correlated with the IHL content according to multiple logistic regression analysis. Conclusion This study demonstrated a close association of IHL with features of MetS and identified IHL content cut-off values for metabolic normality in Japanese subjects. © 2016 The Author(s)
Association between sleep condition and arterial stiffness in Chinese adult with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver (NAFLD) usually has worse cardiovascular risk factors. Given the potential association between deterioration of sleep and arterial stiffness, we aim to investigate the association between deterioration of sleep and arterial stiffness in a middle-aged Chinese population with NAFLD. In this cross-sectional study, 15,372 Chinese aged 40–60 years who participated in periodic health checkups in central south China, were included. Self-reported sleep duration and sleep quality, anthropometric, biochemical, and liver ultrasound scan were analyzed and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) was used as the indicator of arterial stiffness. Poor sleep quality was found to be associated with increased arterial stiffness, with odds ratios and 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) of 2.28 (95 % CI, 1.53–3.38) compared with good sleep quality. Using sleep duration ≥ 8 h as the reference, there was no significant association between sleep duration of ≤ 6 or 6–8 h and arterial stiffness after multivariable-adjusted. In additional analyses, further investigation of the association of different combinations of sleep duration and quality in relation to arterial stiffness indicated participants with poor sleep quality and sleep duration ≤ 6 h were more likely to have arterial stiffness than those with good quality sleep who sleep for ≥ 8 h (OR 2.59, 95 % CI 1.58–4.24). The present study indicates that short sleep duration, poor sleep quality in individuals with NAFLD correlate with increased arterial stiffness. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
The role of TGF-b1 869 T>C and PPAR g2 34 C> G polymorphisms, fat mass, and anthropometric characteristics in predicting childhood obesity at birth A cross-sectional study according the parental characteristics and newborn's risk for child obesity (the newborns obesity's risk) NOR study; This study proposed to establish a correlation between the risk score for child obesity and anthropometric, genetic, and bioimpedance characteristics in mothers and newborns, and to assess the discriminant ability for anthropometric parameters to classify over-fatness (defined by bioimpedance body fatness %) in pregnant women. We performed a cross-sectional study on 388 couples (mother and father) and their newborns admitted in a Tertiary Hospital from Romania. The measured parameters for mothers and their newborns were risk percentage for child obesity, anthropometric characteristics (mid-upper arm circumference [MUAC], tricipital skinfold thickness [TST] of mother and newborn), genetic polymorphisms (human peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor g [PPARg2] 34 C>G and transforming growth factor-beta 1 [TGF-b1] 869 T>C gene polymorphisms in both mothers and newborns), and mother's bioimpedance characteristics (fat mass [FM] %). The obesity risk score according to standard predictable Northern Finland Birth Cohort equation was in our study 4.07%. We found a monotone positive significant correlation between the newborn's risk of childhood obesity and the mother's TST (P = 0.01), as well as a tendency toward statistical significance concerning correlation with mother's MUAC (P = 0.053), without any correlations with the mothers' bioimpedance parameters and also a positive correlation between the newborn's risk of childhood obesity and the newborn's anthropometrical characteristics like body mass index (BMI), MUAC, and TST (P<0.001). We observed that the calculated newborn's risk percentage for child obesity was greater for the variant allele of the TGF-b1 869 T>C polymorphism and also for the wild-type C allele of the PPARg2 34 C>G gene polymorphism. Our study indicated that the best predictors for over-fatness are BMI and MUAC (P = 0.01<0.02 and P = 0.019<0.02, respectively). © 2016 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
RETRACTED ARTICLE: Biological Mechanisms Relating Periodontitis and Diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is associated with a number of complications resulting from hyperglycemia. Periodontitis is among the major complications associated with diabetes and reciprocally affects the severity and control of diabetes. Increase inflammation induced by type 2 diabetes directly contributes to the increased prevalence and severity of periodontitis in these patients. Regardless of the amount of dental plaque accumulation, gingivitis is more prevalent in diabetic patients than in healthy controls suggesting an impact of diabetes on periodontal inflammatory response to the bacterial biofilm. Levels of proinflammatory cytokines in the periodontal tissue or gingival crevicular fluid are elevated in patients with poorly controlled diabetes in the absence of periodontal disease when compared to well-controlled and non-diabetic patients. This review focuses on the possible pathological mechanisms underlying the association between periodontal disease and type 2 diabetes, explores new avenues in understanding the inflammatory pathways, and discusses novel therapeutic approaches with a paradigm shift in the prevention and treatment of diabetes and periodontitis. © 2016, Springer International Publishing AG.
Iron and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; The mechanisms that promote liver injury in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are yet to be thoroughly elucidated. As such, effective treatment strategies are lacking and novel therapeutic targets are required. Iron has been widely implicated in the pathogenesis of NAFLD and represents a potential target for treatment. Relationships between serum ferritin concentration and NAFLD are noted in a majority of studies, although serum ferritin is an imprecise measure of iron loading. Numerous mechanisms for a pathogenic role of hepatic iron in NAFLD have been demonstrated in animal and cell culture models. However, the human data linking hepatic iron to liver injury in NAFLD is less clear, with seemingly conflicting evidence, supporting either an effect of iron in hepatocytes or within reticulo-endothelial cells. Adipose tissue has emerged as a key site at which iron may have a pathogenic role in NAFLD. Evidence for this comes indirectly from studies that have evaluated the role of adipose tissue iron with respect to insulin resistance. Adding further complexity, multiple strands of evidence support an effect of NAFLD itself on iron metabolism. In this review, we summarise the human and basic science data that has evaluated the role of iron in NAFLD pathogenesis. © The Author(s) 2016. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Salusins and adropin: New peptides potentially involved in lipid metabolism and atherosclerosis; Dyslipidemia is one of the most potent risk factors for the development of atherosclerosis. The high atherosclerotic risk in dyslipidemic patients is associated with endothelial dysfunction. During the last two decades, novel bioactive peptides have emerged as potential biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction and dyslipidemia-salusins and adropin. Salusin-alpha is likely to prevent atherosclerosis, while salusin-beta may act as a potential proatherogenic factor. Adropin was recently identified as important for energy homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Adropin is closely related to the inhibition of atherosclerosis by up-regulation of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase expression through the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2. These peptides represent a novel target to limit diseases characterized by endothelial dysfunction and may form the basis for the development of new therapeutic agents for treating metabolic disorders associated with atherosclerosis. © 2016 Medical University of Bialystok. Published by Elsevier Sp. z o.o. All rights reserved.
Multiple functions and essential roles of nuclear receptor coactivators of bHLH-PAS family; Classical non-peptide hormones, such as steroids, retinoids, thyroid hormones, vitamin D3 and their derivatives including prostaglandins, benzoates, oxysterols, and bile acids, are collectively designated as small lipophilic ligands, acting via binding to the nuclear receptors (NRs). The NRs form a large superfamily of transcription factors that participate virtually in every key biological process. They control various aspects of animal development, fertility, gametogenesis, and numerous metabolic pathways, and can be misregulated in many types of cancers. Their enormous functional plasticity, as transcription factors, relates in part to NR-mediated interactions with plethora of coregulatory proteins upon ligand binding to their ligand binding domains (LBD), or following covalent modification. Here, we review some general views of a specific group of NR coregulators, so-called nuclear receptor coactivators (NRCs) or steroid receptor coactivators (SRCs) and highlight some of their unique functions/roles, which are less extensively mentioned and discussed in other reviews. We also try to pinpoint few neglected moments in the cooperative action of SRCs, which may also indicate their variable roles in the hormone-independent signaling pathways. © 2016, Institute of Experimental Endocrinology. All rights reserved.
Vascular damage in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: Possible role of iron and ferritin; Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease in Western countries. Recent data indicated that NAFLD is a risk factor by itself contributing to the development of cardiovascular disease independently of classical known risk factors. Hyperferritinemia and mild increased iron stores are frequently observed in patients with NAFLD and several mechanisms have been proposed to explain the role of iron, through oxidative stress and interaction with insulin metabolism, in the development of vascular damage. Moreover, iron depletion has been shown to decrease atherogenesis in experimental models and in humans. This review presents the recent evidence on epidemiology, pathogenesis, and the possible explanation of the role of iron and ferritin in the development of cardiovascular damage in patients with NAFLD, and discusses the possible interplay between metabolic disorders associated with NAFLD and iron in the development of cardiovascular disease. © 2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Association between insulin resistance and estrogen in sexual precocity of obese children; The aim of the study was to examine the association between sexual precocity and high-molecular weight (HMW)-adiponectin and investigate the correlation of insulin resistance and estrogen levels in obese children. In total, 60 obese children (30 boys and 30 girls) with sexual precocity were included in group A, 60 obese children (30 boys and 30 girls) without sexual precocity were included in group B, and 60 average weight children (30 boys and 30 girls) were included in group C. The levels of HMW adiponectin, fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, luteinizing hormone (LH) peak, estradiol and testosterone were measured. The results showed that the HMW-adiponectin level of group A was the lowest and that of group C was the highest. The difference was statistically significant (P<0.05). The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and estradiol levels of group A were significantly higher than those of group B, and group B was higher than that of group C. LH peak and testosterone levels of group A were the lowest while those of group C were the highest. The differences were statistically significant (P<0.05). A subgroup analysis showed that the above results were more significant in girls. The Pearson correlation analysis revealed that the level of HMW-adiponectin was negatively correlated with HOMA-IR and estradiol (P<0.05), and positively correlated with the LH peak (P<0.05). In conclusion, sexual precocity of obese children may be associated with insulin resistance, and the link may be HMW-adiponectin. © 2016, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
High-fructose diet in pregnancy leads to fetal programming of hypertension, insulin resistance, and obesity in adult offspring; Background Consumption of fructose-rich diets in the United States is on the rise and thought to be associated with obesity and cardiometabolic diseases. Objective We sought to determine the effects of antenatal exposure to high-fructose diet on offspring's development of metabolic syndrome–like phenotype and other cardiovascular disease risk factors later in life. Study Design Pregnant C57BL/6J dams were randomly allocated to fructose solution (10% wt/vol, n = 10) or water (n = 10) as the only drinking fluid from day 1 of pregnancy until delivery. After weaning, pups were started on regular chow, and evaluated at 1 year of life. We measured percent visceral adipose tissue and liver fat infiltrates using computed tomography, and blood pressure using CODA nonivasive monitor. Intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing with corresponding insulin concentrations were obtained. Serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, leptin, and adiponectin were measured in duplicate using standardized assays. Fasting homeostatic model assessment was also calculated to assess insulin resistance. P values <.05 were considered statistically significant. Results Maternal weight, pup number, and average weight at birth were similar between the 2 groups. Male and female fructose group offspring had higher peak glucose and area under the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing curve compared with control, and higher mean arterial pressure compared to control. Female fructose group offspring were heavier and had higher percent visceral adipose tissue, liver fat infiltrates, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance scores, insulin area under the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing curve, and serum concentrations of leptin, and lower concentrations of adiponectin compared to female control offspring. No significant differences in these parameters were noted in male offspring. Serum concentrations of triglycerides or total cholesterol were not different between the 2 groups for either gender. Conclusion Maternal intake of high fructose leads to fetal programming of adult obesity, hypertension, and metabolic dysfunction, all risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This fetal programming is more pronounced in female offspring. Limiting intake of high fructose–enriched diets in pregnancy may have significant impact on long-term health. © 2016
The product of triglycerides and glucose as biomarker for screening simple steatosis and NASH in asymptomatic women; Introduction and aim. Given that early identification of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an important issue for primary prevention of hepatic disease, the objectives of this study were to evaluate the efficacy of the product of triglyceride and glucose levels (TyG) for screening simple steatosis and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) in asymptomatic women, and to compare its efficacy vs. other biomarkers for recognizing NAFLD. Material and methods. Asymptomatic women aged 20 to 65 years were enrolled into a cross-sectional study. The optimal values of TyG, for screening simple steatosis and NASH were established on a Receiver Operating Characteristic scatter plot; the sensitivity, specificity, and likelihood ratios of TyG index were estimated versus liver biopsy. According sensitivity and specificity, the efficacy of TyG was compared versus the well-known clinical biomarkers for recognizing NAFLD. Results. A total of 50 asymptomatic women were enrolled. The best cutoff point of TyG for screening simple steatosis was 4.58 (sensitivity 0.94, specificity 0.69); in addition, the best cutoff point of TyG index for screening NASH was 4.59 (sensitivity 0.87, specificity 0.69). The positive and negative likelihood ratios were 3.03 and 0.08 for simple steatosis, and 2.80 and 0.18 for NASH. As compared versus SteatoTest, NashTest, Fatty liver index, and Algorithm, the TyG showed to be the best test for screening. Conclusions. TyG has high sensitivity and low negative likelihood ratio; as compared with other clinical biomarkers, the TyG showed to be the best test for screening simple steatosis and NASH. © 2016, Fundacion Clinica Medica Sur. All rights resereved.
Metabolic syndrome in children; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of cardiometabolic risk factors, including central obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia and increased blood pressure. The prevalence of MetS is on the increase worldwide owing to the epidemic of overweight and obesity. The risk of prevalence of MetS greatly increases during adulthood for those children exposed to cardiometabolic risk factors in their early lives. MetS has also been associated with liver fat accumulation in children. Elevated levels of plasma alanine aminotransferase and γ-glutamyl transferase have been associated with liver fat accumulation. The present review aimed to expand knowledge on the clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors responsible for the widespread occurrence of metabolic disease in children. © 2016, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Research progresses of routine blood parameters in patients with sudden sensorineural hearing loss; Sudden sensorineural hearing loss (SSHL) is a common otological disease. The prevalence of SSHL is increasing in China. There are many hypotheses about the etiology and pathology of SSHL, but the pathogenesis of SSHL is not clear. The progress and prognosis of SSHL are associated with many factors. Researchers have tried to assess the progress and prognosis of SSHL through blood routine tests in recent years. This article reviews research progresses of changes in routine blood parameters in patients with SSHL. © 2016, Editorial Department of Journal of Shanghai Second Medical University. All right reserved.
Novel phenotypes of prediabetes?; This article describes phenotypes observed in a prediabetic population (i.e. a population with increased risk for type 2 diabetes) from data collected at the University hospital of Tübingen. We discuss the impact of genetic variation on insulin secretion, in particular the effect on compensatory hypersecretion, and the incretin-resistant phenotype of carriers of the gene variant TCF7L2 is described. Imaging studies used to characterise subphenotypes of fat distribution, metabolically healthy obesity and metabolically unhealthy obesity are described. Also discussed are ectopic fat stores in liver and pancreas that determine the phenotype of metabolically healthy and unhealthy fatty liver and the recently recognised phenotype of fatty pancreas. The metabolic impact of perivascular adipose tissue and pancreatic fat is discussed. The role of hepatokines, particularly that of fetuin-A, in the crosstalk between these organs is described. Finally, the role of brain insulin resistance in the development of the different prediabetes phenotypes is discussed. © 2016, The Author(s).
Maternal diet quality in pregnancy and neonatal adiposity: The Healthy Start Study; Background/Objectives:Poor maternal diet in pregnancy can influence fetal growth and development. We tested the hypothesis that poor maternal diet quality during pregnancy would increase neonatal adiposity (percent fat mass (%FM)) at birth by increasing the fat mass (FM) component of neonatal body composition. Methods: Our analysis was conducted using a prebirth observational cohort of 1079 mother-offspring pairs. Pregnancy diet was assessed via repeated Automated Self-Administered 24-h dietary recalls, from which Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010) scores were calculated for each mother. HEI-2010 was dichotomized into scores of ≤57 and >57, with low scores representing poorer diet quality. Neonatal %FM was assessed within 72 h after birth with air displacement plethysmography. Using univariate and multivariate linear models, we analyzed the relationship between maternal diet quality and neonatal %FM, FM, and fat-free mass (FFM) while adjusting for prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), physical activity, maternal age, smoking, energy intake, preeclampsia, hypertension, infant sex and gestational age. Results: Total HEI-2010 score ranged between 18.2 and 89.5 (mean: 54.2, s.d.: 13.6). An HEI-2010 score of ≤57 was significantly associated with higher neonatal %FM (β=0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07-1.1, P<0.05) and FM (β=20.74; 95% CI 1.49-40.0; P<0.05) but no difference in FFM. Conclusions: Poor diet quality during pregnancy increases neonatal adiposity independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and total caloric intake. This further implicates maternal diet as a potentially important exposure for fetal adiposity. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Maternal hyperleptinemia improves offspring insulin sensitivity in mice; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are prevalent worldwide. Offspring of mothers with these conditions weigh more and are predisposed to metabolic syndrome. A hallmark of both conditions is maternal hyperleptinemia, but the role of elevated leptin levels during pregnancy on developmental programming is largely unknown. We previously found that offspring of hyperleptinemic mothers weighed less and had increased activity. The goal of this study was to determine whether maternal leptin affects offspring insulin sensitivity by investigating offspring glucose metabolism and lipid accumulation. Offspring from two maternal hyperleptinemic models were compared. The first model of hyperleptinemia is the Leprdb/+ mouse, which has a mutation in one copy of the gene that encodes the leptin receptor, resulting in a truncated long form of the receptor, and hyperleptinemia. Wild-type females served as the control for the Leprdb/+ females. For the second hyperleptinemic model, wild-type females were implanted with miniosmotic pumps, which released leptin (350 ng/h) or saline (as the control) just prior to mating and throughout gestation. In the offspring of these dams, we measured glucose tolerance; serum leptin, insulin, and triglyceride levels; liver triglycerides; pancreatic α- and β-cell numbers; body composition; incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; and the expression of key metabolic genes in the liver and adipose tissue. We found that the offspring of hyperleptinemic dams exhibited improved glucose tolerance, reduced insulin and leptin concentrations, reduced liver triglycerides, and a lower incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Overall, maternal hyperleptinemia was beneficial for offspring glucose and lipid metabolism. Copyright © 2016 by the Endocrine Society.
Efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid-enriched formula to enhance maternal and fetal blood docosahexaenoic acid levels: Randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background & aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compromises the level of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in phospholipids of maternal and fetal red blood cells and fetal plasma. This is of some concern because of the importance of DHA for fetal neuro-visual development. We have investigated whether this abnormality could be rectified by supplementation with DHA-enriched formula. Methods: Women with GDM (n = 138) recruited from Newham University Hospital, London received two capsules of DHA-enriched formula (active-group) or high oleic acid sunflower seed oil (placebo-group) from diagnosis until delivery. Maternal (baseline and delivery) and fetal (cord blood) red blood cell and plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition, and neonatal anthropometry were assessed. Results: One hundred and fourteen women (58 active, 56 placebo) completed the trial. The active-group compared with the placebo-group had significantly enhanced level of DHA in plasma phosphatidylcholine (4.5% vs 3.8%, P = 0.011), red blood cell phosphatidylcholine (2.7% vs 2.2%, P = 0.022) and phosphatidylethoanolamine (9.5% vs 7.6%, P = 0.002). There was no difference in cord plasma and red blood cell phospholipid DHA between the two groups. The neonates of the two groups of women had comparable anthropometric measurements at birth. Conclusion: Daily supplementation of 600 mg DHA enhances maternal but not fetal DHA status in pregnancy complicated by GDM. The inefficacy of the supplement to improve fetal status suggests that the transfer of DHA across the placenta maybe impaired in women with the condition. Regardless of the mechanisms responsible for the impairment of the transfer, the finding has implications for the management of neonates of women with GDM because they are born with a reduced level of DHA and the condition is thought to be associated with a risk of neuro-developmental deficits. We suggest that babies of women with GDM, particularly those not suckling, similar to the babies born prematurely require formula milk fortified with a higher level of DHA. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism.
Abnormal lipid metabolism in metabolic syndrome: An epigenetic perspective; Metabolic syndrome is a complex pathology including central obesity, impaired glucose tolerance/diabetes, an atherogenic dyslipidemia and a prothrombotic state. A new perspective on understanding the mechanisms underlying metabolic syndrome is provided by the epigenetic changes (mainly DNA methylation and histone covalent modifications), which influence gene expression without changing of the DNA sequence. DNA methylation (mainly in carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A gene) and histone modifications were shown to be associated with VLDL and LDL phenotypes, with hyperglycemia and reduced level of HDL cholesterol, with hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype and with progression of atherosclerotic occlusion in peripheral arteries. The epigenetic changes can occur in the prenatal period, throughout the life span, and can be transmitted to the offspring. Both poor maternal nutrition and maternal obesity, diabetes and overfeeding can result in epigenetic alterations that amplify the risk of metabolic syndrome for the offspring. Throughout life span, environmental factors, such as nutrition and exercise can induce epigenetic changes influencing the evolution of the metabolic syndrome (through adipocyte metabolism and insulin signaling pathway). The epigenetic modifications are not completely erased during gametogenesis and embryogensis, resulting in a transgenerational transmission of an epigenetic state up to the fifth generation. Epigenetic mechanisms are an interface between environmental stimuli and resulting phenotype by inducing a certain transcriptional state, which may be also transmitted to the next generation(s) and which may predispose to an increased risk for developing metabolic syndrome in the context of a mismatched environment. Elucidating epigenetic modulation might provide additional information about risk evaluation and more targeted therapeutical intervention. © 2016, University of Medicine and Pharmacy Targu Mures. All rights reserved.
The impact of macronutrients on retinal microvasculature among Singapore pregnant women during the mid-late gestation; Background Imbalanced macronutrient intakes can induce impairment of endothelial and vascular function, and further lead to metabolic and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the influence of such diets on endothelial and vascular dysfunction in pregnant women, even though high-fat diet is a known risk for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Objective We aimed to assess the association between maternal macronutrient intakes (protein, fat and carbohydrates), dietary quality and retinal microvascular changes in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort. Methods Pregnant women (n = 614) with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester from June 2009 to Sep 2010. Maternal diet quality and macronutrient intakes, expressed as a percentage of total energy during pregnancy, were ascertained using 24 hr recalls and 3 d food diaries at 26-28 weeks gestation. Retinal examination was completed at the same clinic visit. Dietary quality was assessed and scored using the Health Eating Index in Asian Pregnant women (HEI-AP), while macronutrients intakes ware expressed as percentages of total energy and further log transformed for analysis. Associations were examined cross-sectionally by substitution models with the use of multiple linear regression. Results In adjusted model, each 20 points decrease in HEI-AP score was associated with a significant increase of 1.70 μm(p<0.05) in retinal venular calibre. Each 0.1 log increase in percentage of total fat intake was associated with a significant increment of 1.84 μm(p<0.05) in retinal venular caliber. Additionally, each 0.1 log increase in percentage of mono-unsaturated fat intake was associated with an increment of 1.84 μm(p<0.01) in retinal venular caliber. Conclusions In this cross-sectional study, we found that women with higher fat and lower protein intakes, and lower diet quality tended to have wider retinal venular caliber, which is suggestive of suboptimal microvasculature. © 2016 Li et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Preventing diabetes: Early versus late preventive interventions; There are a number of arguments in support of earlymeasures for the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D), aswell as for concepts and strategies at later intervention stages. Diabetes prevention is achievable when implemented in a sustainable manner. Sustainability within a T2D prevention program is more important than the actual point in time or disease process at which prevention activities may start. The quality of intervention, as well as its intensity, should vary with the degree of the identified T2D risk. Nevertheless, preventive interventions should start as early as possible in order to allow a wide variety of relatively low-and moderate-intensity programs. The later the disease risk is identified, the more intensive the intervention should be. Public health interventions for diabetes prevention represent an optimal model for early intervention. Late interventions will be targeted at people who already have significant pathophysiological derangements that can be considered steps leading to the development of T2D. These derangements may be difficult to reverse, but the worsening of dysglycemia may be halted, and thus the clinical onset of T2D can be delayed.
The effects of prenatal metformin on obesogenic diet-induced alterations in maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism; Background: Maternal obesity may program the fetus and increase the susceptibility of the offspring to adult diseases. Metformin crosses the placenta and has been associated with decreased inflammation and reversal of fatty liver in obese leptin-deficient mice. We investigated the effects of metformin on maternal and fetal lipid metabolism and hepatic inflammation using a rat model of diet-induced obesity during pregnancy. Methods: Female Wistar rats (6-7 weeks old) were fed normal or high calorie diets for 5 weeks. After mating with normal-diet fed males, half of the high calorie-fed dams received metformin (300 mg/kg, daily); dams (8 per group) continued diets through gestational day 19. Maternal and fetal livers and fetal brains were analyzed for fatty acids and for fatty acid metabolism-related gene expression. Data were analyzed by ANOVA followed by Dunnett's post hoc testing. Results: When compared to control-lean maternal livers, obesogenic-diet-exposed maternal livers showed significantly higher saturated fatty acids (14:0 and 16:0) and monounsaturated fatty acids (16:1n7 and 18:1n9) and lower polyunsaturated (18:2n6 and 20:4n6 [arachidonic acid]) and anti-inflammatory n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (18:3n3 and 22:6n3 [docosahexaenoic acid]) (p < 0.05). Metformin did not affect diet-induced changes in maternal livers. Fetal livers exposed to the high calorie diet showed significantly increased saturated fatty acids (18:0) and monounsaturated fatty acids (18:1n9 and 18:1n7) and decreased polyunsaturated fatty acids (18:2n6, 20:4n6 and 22:6n3) and anti-inflammatory n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, along with increased gene expression of fatty acid metabolism markers (Fasn, D5d, D6d, Scd1, Lxrα). Metformin significantly attenuated diet-induced inflammation and 18:1n9 and 22:6n3 in fetal livers, as well as n3 fatty acids (p < 0.05). Prenatal obesogenic diet exposure significantly increased fetal liver IFNγ levels (p < 0.05), which was reversed by maternal metformin treatment (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Consumption of a high calorie diet significantly affected maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism. It reduced anti-inflammatory polyunsaturated fatty acids in maternal and fetal livers, altered gene expression of fatty acid metabolism markers, and induced inflammation in the fetal livers. Prenatal metformin attenuated some diet-induced fatty acid changes and inflammation in the fetal livers without affecting maternal livers, suggesting that maternal metformin may impact fetal/neonatal fatty acid/lipid metabolism. © 2016 The Author(s).
Fish and fish oil for cardiovascular disease in diabetes; Diabetes is associated with premature death, primarily through cardiovascular disease (CVD). Data from preclinical and ecological studies suggest fish and fish oil may reduce diabetes incidence and CVD development. Metaanalyses of prospective cohort studies have shown that fish and fish oils may be protective against the development of type 2 diabetes in Asian populations, yet not necessarily in Western ones. For CVD risk, metaanalyses of randomized controlled trials indicate a significant triglyceride lowering effect for fish and fish oil, and possibly a tendency to raise LDL by a small amount. Recent studies with type 2 diabetics indicate that fish and fish oil may improve endothelial function. Some of the heterogeneity in the results with fish and fish oil in diabetes may be explained by substantial variation in the experimental design, including choice of study population, amount of fish, and fish oil administered as well as continually improving standards of care. © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Capsaicin: Current understanding of its mechanisms and therapy of pain and other pre-clinical and clinical uses; In this review, we discuss the importance of capsaicin to the current understanding of neuronal modulation of pain and explore the mechanisms of capsaicin-induced pain. We will focus on the analgesic effects of capsaicin and its clinical applicability in treating pain. Furthermore, we will draw attention to the rationale for other clinical therapeutic uses and implications of capsaicin in diseases such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular conditions, cancer, airway diseases, itch, gastric, and urological disorders. © 2016 by the authors.
Probiotics; On the basis of the currently available literature, which includes well-designed clinical trials, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, certain effects can be ascribed to probiotics as a general class. It is accepted that sufficient evidence has accumulated to support the concept of benefits of certain probiotics; it is reasonable to expect that evidence gained from a defined class of live microbes might be appropriate for certain, but not all, health outcomes. Moreover there is a need for clear communication to consumers and health-care providers of the activity of differentiate probiotic products.
Relationship between cardiometabolic profile, vitamin D status and BsmI polymorphism of the VDR gene in non-institutionalized elderly subjects. Cardiometabolic profile, vitamin D status and BsmI polymorphism of the VDR gene in non-institutionalized elderly subjects; This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between the cardiometabolic profile, vitamin D status and BsmI polymorphism of the VDR gene in non-institutionalized elderly subjects. A cross-sectional study was conducted with a random and representative sample of 142 elderly subjects selected by cluster and recruited from a municipal assistance program. Clinical, nutritional, biochemical and inflammatory profiles, oxidative stress and genotyping for the BsmI polymorphism were evaluated. Participants had mean age of 69.9 (7.0) years, BMI of 28.3 (4.4) kg/m2 and 80.3% were women. The prevalence of a 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] status <75 nmol/L was 40.8%. A vitamin D level < 75 nmol/L was found to be associated with gender and fish consumption. The INSUF/DEF group [25(OH)D < 75 nmol/L] showed higher fasting blood glucose MDA values when compared to the SUF group [25(OH)D ≥ 75 nmol/L]; this relationship was maintained only for women in the analysis by sex. The BsmI polymorphism showed allelic frequencies in the SUF group of B 49% and b 51% and in the INSUF/DEF group B 38% and b 62%. The frequency of bb homozygosity was significantly associated with lower serum total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol concentrations compared to Bb, both in the general population and in the SUF group. Among individuals with bb, the INSUF/DEF group showed higher levels of triglycerides and VLDL cholesterol. Blood glucose levels and oxidative stress were increased in elderly subjects with 25(OH)D < 75 nmol/L. The presence of the bb genotype with adequate vitamin D status resulted in lower total and LDL cholesterol, but the benefit was lost when vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency was present. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal sodium butyrate supplement elevates the lipolysis in adipose tissue and leads to lipid accumulation in offspring liver of weaning-age rats; Background: Sodium butyrate (SB) is reported to regulate lipid metabolism in mammals, and the relationship between maternal nutrition and offspring growth has drawn much attention in the last several years. Methods: To elucidate the effects of maternal dietary SB supplementation on hepatic lipid metabolism in weaning rats, we fed 16 primiparous purebred female SD rats either a chow-diet or a 1 % sodium butyrate diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. At weaning age, samples of the maternal subcutaneous adipose tissue and offspring liver were taken. The serum indexes and expressions of proteins related to lipid metabolism were detected in the mother and offspring, respectively. Results: The results showed that the maternal SB supplement increased the concentration of non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) in the maternal and offspring serum (P < 0.05). Total cholesterol (Tch) increased significantly in the weaning-rat serum (P < 0.05). Maternal adipose tissue from the SB-supplemented rats showed higher content of protein G-coupled protein (GPR43) and protein kinase A (PKA) (P < 0.05). The expression of protein adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL), and of total and phosphorylated hormone sensitive lipase (HSL), in the maternal adipose tissue increased significantly (P < 0.05) compared to the control group. However the proteins related to lipogenesis showed no significant changes. Moreover, the concentration of triglyceride in the offspring liver increased significantly, and this likely resulted from an increase in the levels of fatty acids binding protein (FABP) and fatty acid translocase (CD36) protein (P < 0.05). SB exposure during pregnancy and lactation increased the hepatic total cholesterol (Tch) content (P < 0.01), which was related to a significantly up-regulated offspring hepatic expression of low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) protein (P < 0.05). Conclusion: These results indicate that a maternal SB supplement during pregnancy and the lactation period promotes maternal fat mobilization, which may result in fatty acid uptake and lipid accumulation in the liver of the offspring. © 2016 The Author(s).
Plasma cytokeratin-18 level as a novel biomarker for liver fibrosis in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the obesity epidemic and affects approximately 10% of children in the US. The presence of hepatic fibrosis may be the most important factor in determining the prognosis of NAFLD. Noninvasive methods to identify the presence of fibrosis in children with NAFLD are greatly needed. Hepatocyte apoptosis activates hepatic stellate cells and plays a central role in fibrosis progression in NAFLD. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the use of plasma cytokeratin-18 (CK18) fragment levels, a marker of hepatocyte apoptosis, as a noninvasive biomarker in detecting liver fibrosis in pediatric NAFLD. Methods: Consecutive children with biopsy-proven NAFLD were included and blood samples and anthropometric measurements were collected at the time of the biopsy. NAFLD activity score was calculated (0-8) and fibrosis stage was scored (0-4). We measured plasma CK18 levels using the M30-Apoptosense enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit. Results: A total of 201 subjects were enrolled in the study. The mean age was 10.7±2.5 years, and 37%were boys. Sixty-eight percent of the patients had any fibrosis, with 56% having F1, 6% having F2, and 6 % having F3. CK18 levels were found to be significantly higher in subjects with any fibrosis compared with those without fibrosis (304.6±124.8 vs 210.4±70.9, P<0.001). CK18 level revealed good accuracy for prediction of any fibrosis (F1-F3) with AUROC of 0.75. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to assess whether CK18 in combination with another clinical factor could improve accuracy of prediction of fibrosis. Together, CK18 with waist circumference percentile generated an area under the receiver operating characteristics curve of 0.842 for prediction of any fibrosis. Conclusions: CK18 is a promising noninvasive biomarker for fibrosis in NAFLD in children. A fibrosis prediction model that includes CK18 and waist circumference percentile should be validated in other populations. Copyright © 2016 by European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
A targeted metabolomics MRM-MS study on identifying potential hypertension biomarkers in human plasma and evaluating acupuncture effects; The critical role of metabolic abnormality in hypertension is increasingly recognized, but its biomarkers are not clearly identified. In this study, 47 chemical compounds recorded by literature were employed as target metabolites of essential hypertension (EH). We detected their content in the plasma of EH patients and healthy subjects by using the Multiple Reaction Monitoring-Mass Spectrometry (MRM-MS). After screening the most altered compounds, acupuncture was used to treat patients for 3 months and these plasma metabolites were tested again. The results showed that oleic acid (OA) and myoinositol (MI) were the most important differential metabolites between the hypertensive plasma and the healthy plasma. They were also closely correlated with 24-hour blood pressure and nocturnal dipping. Moreover, plasma OA and MI could be restored to normal levels by acupuncture, accompanying with reduction of 24-hour systolic and diastolic blood pressure [from 145.10 ± 9.28 mm Hg to 140.70 ± 9.59 mm Hg (P < 0.0001), and 88.35 ± 7.92 mm Hg to 85.86 ± 7.95 mm Hg (P = 0.0024), respectively] and improvement of circadian blood pressure rhythm. This study demonstrated that plasma OA and MI were potential hypertension biomarkers and they could be used to preliminarily assess the treating effects such as acupuncture.
Long-term pioglitazone treatment for patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and prediabetes or type 2 diabetes mellitus a randomized trial; Background: The metabolic defects of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and prediabetes or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) seem to be specifically targeted by pioglitazone. However, information about its long-term use in this population is limited. Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of long-term pioglitazone treatment in patients with NASH and prediabetes or T2DM. Design: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00994682) Setting: University hospital. Participants: Patients (n = 101) with prediabetes or T2DM and biopsy-proven NASH were recruited from the general population and outpatient clinics. Intervention: All patients were prescribed a hypocaloric diet (500-kcal/d deficit from weight-maintaining caloric intake) and then randomly assigned to pioglitazone, 45 mg/d, or placebo for 18 months, followed by an 18-month open-label phase with pioglitazone treatment. Measurements: The primary outcome was a reduction of at least 2 points in the nonalcoholic fatty liver disease activity score in 2 histologic categories without worsening of fibrosis. Secondary outcomes included other histologic outcomes, hepatic triglyceride content measured by magnetic resonance and proton spectroscopy, and metabolic parameters. Results: Among patients randomly assigned to pioglitazone, 58% achieved the primary outcome (treatment difference, 41 percentage points [95% CI, 23 to 59 percentage points]) and 51% had resolution of NASH (treatment difference, 32 percentage points [CI, 13 to 51 percentage points]) (P < 0.001 for each). Pioglitazone treatment also was associated with improvement in individual histologic scores, including the fibrosis score (treatment difference, -0.5 [CI, -0.9 to 0.0]; P = 0.039); reduced hepatic triglyceride content from 19% to 7% (treatment difference, -7 percentage points [CI, -10 to -4 percentage points]; P < 0.001); and improved adipose tissue, hepatic, and muscle insulin sensitivity (P < 0.001 vs. placebo for all). All 18-month metabolic and histologic improvements persisted over 36 months of therapy. The overall rate of adverse events did not differ between groups, although weight gain was greater with pioglitazone (2.5 kg vs. placebo). Limitation: Single-center study. Conclusion: Long-term pioglitazone treatment is safe and effective in patients with prediabetes or T2DM and NASH. © 2016 American College of Physicians.
Comparative aspects of rodent and nonrodent animal models for mechanistic and translational diabetes research; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus, which currently affects 387 million people worldwide, is permanently rising in both adults and adolescents. Despite numerous treatment options, diabetes mellitus is a progressive disease with severe comorbidities, such as nephropathy, neuropathy, and retinopathy, as well as cardiovascular disease. Therefore, animal models predictive of the efficacy and safety of novel compounds in humans are of great value to address the unmet need for improved therapeutics. Although rodent models provide important mechanistic insights, their predictive value for therapeutic outcomes in humans is limited. In recent years, the pig has gained importance for biomedical research because of its close similarity to human anatomy, physiology, size, and, in contrast to non-human primates, better ethical acceptance. In this review, anatomic, biochemical, physiological, and morphologic aspects relevant to diabetes research will be compared between different animal species, that is, mouse, rat, rabbit, pig, and non-human primates. The value of the pig as a model organism for diabetes research will be highlighted, and (dis)advantages of the currently available approaches for the generation of pig models exhibiting characteristics of metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes mellitus will be discussed. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors under epigenetic control in placental metabolism and fetal development; The placental metabolism can adapt to the environment throughout pregnancy to both the demands of the fetus and the signals from the mother. Such adaption processes include epigenetic mechanisms, which alter gene expression and may influence the offspring’s health. These mechanisms are linked to the diversity of prenatal environmental exposures, including maternal under-or overnutrition or gestational diabetes. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are nuclear receptors that contribute to the developmental plasticity of the placenta by regulating lipid and glucose metabolism pathways, including lipogenesis, steroidogenesis, glucose transporters, and placental signaling pathways, thus representing a link between energy metabolism and reproduction. Among the PPAR isoforms, PPARγ appears to be the main modulator of mammalian placentation. Certain fatty acids and lipid-derived moieties are the natural activating PPAR ligands. By controlling the amounts of maternal nutrients that go across to the fetus, the PPARs play an important regulatory role in placenta metabolism, thereby adapting to the maternal nutritional status. As demonstrated in animal studies, maternal nutrition during gestation can exert long-term influences on the PPAR methylation pattern in offspring organs. This review underlines the current state of knowledge on the relationship between environmental factors and the epigenetic regulation of the PPARs in placenta metabolism and offspring development. © 2016 the American Physiological Society.
Association between triglyceride/HDL cholesterol ratio and carotid atherosclerosis in postmenopausal middle-aged women; Background and objective The triglyceride/HDL cholesterol ratio, as a surrogate marker of insulin resistance, may be associated to presence of subclinical carotid atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women. The aim of this study was to explore this association. Patients and methods Women (last menstrual period ≥ 2 years) in primary prevention up to 65 years of age were recruited. Association between the triglyceride/HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio and presence of carotid plaque, assessed by ultrasonography, was analyzed. ROC analysis was performed, determining the precision of this ratio to detect carotid plaque. Results A total of 332 women (age 57 ± 5 years) were recruited. Triglyceride/HDL-C ratio was 2.35 ± 1.6. Prevalence of carotid plaque was 29%. Women with carotid plaque had higher triglyceride/HDL-C ratios (3.33 ± 1.96 vs. 2.1 ± 1.2, P < .001) than women with no carotid plaque. A positive relationship was seen between quintiles of this ratio and prevalence of carotid plaque (p < .001). Regardless of other risk factors, women with higher triglyceride/HDL-C ratios were more likely to have carotid plaque (odds ratio 1.47, 95% confidence interval 1.20-1.79, P < .001). The area under the curve of the triglyceride/HDL-C ratio to detect carotid plaque was .71 (95% confidence interval .65 to .76), and the optimal cut-off point was 2.04. Conclusions In postmenopausal women in primary prevention, insulin resistance, estimated from the triglyceride/HDL-C ratio, was independently associated to a greater probability of carotid plaque. A value of such ratio greater than 2 may be used for assessing cardiovascular risk in this particular group of women. © 2016 SEEN
Effects of probiotic supplementation on metabolic status in pregnant women: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Limited data is available on the effects of multispecies probiotic supplementation on metabolic status in pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy. The current study was carried out to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic capsule supplementation on metabolic status among pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy. Methods: A randomized clinical trial was conducted among 60 pregnant women aged 18-37 years. The participants were randomly divided into two groups: group A (n = 30) received multispecies probiotic supplements containing three probiotic bacteria spices Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, Bifidobacterium bifidum (2 × 109 CFU/g each) and group B (n = 30) received placebo from 9 weeks of gestation for a duration of 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning of the study and after 12 weeks of intervention to determine metabolic profiles, inflammatory cytokines and biomarkers of oxidative stress. Results: After 12 weeks of intervention, compared to the placebo group, the pregnant women who consumed probiotic capsule had significantly decreased serum insulin concentrations (-1.5 ± 4.8 vs. +1.3 ± 5.2 µlU/mL, P = 0.03), the homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (-0.3 ± 0.9 vs. +0.3 ± 1.1, P = 0.04), the homeostasis model of assessment-estimated b cell function (HOMA-B) (-7.2 ± 23.1 vs. +5.3 ± 22.6, P = 0.03) and increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (+0.01 ± 0.05 vs. -0.01 ± 0.02, P = 0.03). In addition, changes in serum triglycerides levels (-14.7 ± 46.5 vs. +37.3 ± 74.2 mg/dL, P = 0.002), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-1.0 ± 2.6 vs. +1.7 ± 4.3 mg/L, P = 0.004), plasma nitric oxide (NO) (+6.8 ± 9.3 vs. -4.7 ± 7.4 µmol/L, P < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (+171.9 ± 187.6 vs. -51.9 ± 208.8 mmol/L, P < 0.001) and glutathione (GSH) concentrations (+34.3 ± 71.6 vs. -36.9 ± 108.3 µmol/L, P= 0.004) in supplemented women were significantly different from those of the placebo group. However, after controlling for baseline levels, age and BMI at the study baseline, the changes in plasma GSH were not significantly different between the groups. Conclusion: Overall, probiotic supplementation for 12 weeks among pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy had beneficial effects on markers of insulin metabolism, triglycerides, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress. © 2016, Academy of Medical Sciences of I.R. Iran. All rights reserved.
Liraglutide-loaded poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) microspheres: Preparation and in vivo evaluation; In this work, we sought to generate sustained-release injectable microspheres loaded with the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide. Using water-in-oil-in-water double emulsion methods, poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) microspheres loaded with liraglutide were prepared. The microspheres gave sustained drug release over 30 days, with cumulative release of up to 90% reached in vitro. The microspheres were further studied in a rat model of diabetes, and their performance compared with a group given daily liraglutide injections. Reduced blood sugar levels were seen in the microsphere treatment groups, with the results being similar to those obtained with conventional injections between 10 and 25 days after the commencement of treatment. After 5 and 30 days of treatment, the microspheres seem a little slower to act than the injections. The pathology of the rats' spleen, heart, kidney and lungs was probed after the 30-day treatment period, and the results indicated that the microspheres were safe and had beneficial effects on the liver, reducing the occurrence of fatty deposits seen in untreated diabetic rats. Moreover, in terms of liver, renal and cardiac functions, and blood lipid and antioxidant levels, the microspheres were as effective as the injections. The expression of several proteases linked to the metabolism of aliphatic acids and homocysteine was promoted by the microsphere formulations. Inflammatory markers in the microsphere treatment groups were somewhat higher than the injection group, however. The liraglutide/PLGA microspheres prepared in this work are overall shown to be efficacious in a rat model of diabetes, and we thus believe they have strong potential for clinical use. © 2016
Parity, duration of lactation and prevalence of maternal metabolic syndrome: A cross-sectional study; Objective Pregnancy is associated with insulin resistance in tissues. Although this condition is resolved after termination of pregnancy, subtle metabolic changes can remain and prompt incidence of metabolic syndrome. However, lactation causes increased metabolic load and energy needs and it may confer with unfavorable effects of pregnancy in metabolic status. We conduct this study to evaluate impacts of lactation on development of metabolic syndrome (MetS) among women. Study design In this cross-sectional study, we enrolled 978 women aged between 40 and 70 years who had at least one previous live birth, referred to population research center of Amol, Iran in 2011. We surveyed medical registries of participants of Amol health cohort and filled the checklist we had designed for our study. The checklist included main variables like age, number of pregnancies, life-time lactation duration, waist size, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, blood triglyceride level, and blood glucose level. Results We included 978 women among which, the mean age of participants was 53.24 ± 7.8 years. Calculated odds ratio (OR) for relationship of number of parities and metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.14 [95% CI = 1.02-1.28] p-value = 0.017) was found to be statistically significant. However, calculated odds ratio for relationship of lactation duration and MetS (OR = 0.99 [95% CI = 0.99-1.00], p-value = 0.322) was not statistically meaningful. Moreover, we calculated OR and Pearson correlation coefficient in different strata of number of parities, none of which were statistically significant and hence did not support protective roles of lactation in development of metabolic syndrome. Conclusions Our data did not support protective roles of lactation in development of metabolic syndrome, since in our study longer lactation durations as well as higher number of parities were seen among participants with metabolic syndrome. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fatty acids profile in preterm Colostrum of Tunisian women. Association with selected maternal characteristics; Fattyacids (FA), especially arachidonic (AA, 20:4ω6) and docosahexaenoic (DHA, 22:6ω3) acids are critical for the health and development of infants. Colostrum FA composition has been examined in 101lactating Tunisian women delivering prematurely using gas chromatography. Among polyunsaturated FA, linoleic acid predominated whereas each of the other polyunsaturated FA accounted for 1%or less of total FA. Colostrum AA and DHA contents were lower in women aged above 34 years compared to those less than 34 years. Preeclampsia was associated with lower DHA (0.40±0.22 vs. 0.53±0.27; p=0.018), but higher AA (1.14±0.44 vs. 0.93±0.30; p<0.006) and AA: DHA (4.31±4.04 vs. 2.29±2.79;p<0.001). In multivariate analysis, colostrum DHA correlated with plasma DHA (β, 0.417; p=0.002), maternal age (β, −0.290; p=0.028) and preeclampsia (β, −0.270; p=0.042). Preterm colostrum FA profile in Tunisian women is comparable to those of other populations. Colostrum AA and DHA levels are altered in aged and pre-eclamptic women. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Association of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with major adverse cardiovascular events: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Increasing evidence connects non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) to cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aim of this study is to assess whether and to what extent the excess risk of CVD is conferred by NAFLD in a meta-analysis. We systematically searched PubMed, EmBase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library for reports published between 1965 and July 3, 2015. Studies that reported data on association between NAFLD and adverse cardiovascular events or mortality were included. Thirty-four studies (164,494 participants, 21 cross-sectional studies, and 13 cohort studies) were included. NAFLD was not associated with overall mortality (HR = 1.14, 95% CI: 0.99-1.32) and CVD mortality (HR = 1.10, 95% CI: 0.86-1.41). However, NAFLD was associated with an increased risk of prevalent (OR = 1.81, 95% CI: 1.23-2.66) and incident (HR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.10-1.72) CVD. For some specific CVDs, NAFLD was associated with an increased risk of prevalent (OR = 1.87, 95% CI: 1.47-2.37) and incident (HR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.46-3.65) coronary artery disease (CAD), prevalent (OR = 1.24, 95% CI: 1.14-1.36) and incident (HR = 1.16, 95% CI: 1.06-1.27) hypertension, and prevalent (OR = 1.32, 95% CI: 1.07-1.62) atherosclerosis. In conclusion, the presence of NAFLD is associated with an increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, although it is not related to mortality from all causes or CVD. © 2016 The Author(s).
Amnion as a surrogate tissue reporter of the effects of maternal preeclampsia on the fetus; Background: Preeclampsia, traditionally characterized by high blood pressure and proteinuria, is a common pregnancy complication, which affects 2–8 % of all pregnancies. Although children born to women with preeclampsia have a higher risk of hypertension in later life, the mechanism of this increased risk is unknown. DNA methylation is an epigenetic modification that has been studied as a mediator of cellular memory of adverse exposures in utero. Since each cell type in the body has a unique DNA profile, cell subtype composition is a major confounding factor in studies of tissues with heterogeneous cell types. The best way to avoid this confounding effect is by using purified cell types. However, using purified cell types in large cohort translational studies is difficult. The amnion, the inner layer of the fetal membranes of the placenta, is derived from the epiblast and consists of two cell types, which are easy to isolate from the delivered placenta. In this study, we demonstrate the value of using amnion samples for DNA methylation studies, revealing distinctive patterns between fetuses exposed to proteinuria or hypertension and fetuses from normal pregnancies. Results: We performed a genome-wide DNA methylation analysis, HpaII tiny fragment Enrichment by Ligation-mediated PCR (HELP)-tagging, on 62 amnion samples from the placentas of uncomplicated, normal pregnancies and from those with complications of preeclampsia or hypertension. Using a regression model approach, we found 123, 85, and 99 loci with high-confidence hypertension-associated, proteinuria-associated, and hypertension- and proteinuria-associated DNA methylation changes, respectively. A gene ontology analysis showed DNA methylation changes to be selecting genes with different biological processes in exposure status. We also found that these differentially methylated regions overlap loci previously reported as differentially methylated regions in preeclampsia. Conclusions: Our findings support prior observations that preeclampsia is associated with changes of DNA methylation near genes that have previously been found to be dysregulated in preeclampsia. We propose that amniotic membranes represent a valuable surrogate fetal tissue on which to perform epigenome-wide association studies of adverse intrauterine conditions. © 2016, The Author(s).
Plasma Levels of Alanine Aminotransferase in the First Trimester Identify High Risk Chinese Women for Gestational Diabetes; Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) predicts type 2 diabetes but it is uncertain whether it also predicts gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We recruited 17359 Chinese women with ALT measured in their first trimester. At 24-28 weeks of gestation, all women underwent a 50-gram 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT) followed by a 75-gram 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test if GCT result was ≥7.8 mmol/L. Restricted cubic spline analysis was used to examine full-range risk associations of ALT levels with GDM. Relative excess risk due to interaction, attributable proportion due to interaction and synergy index were used to estimate additive interaction between high ALT and overweight/obesity for GDM. Finally, 1332 (7.7%) women had GDM. ALT levels were positively associated with GDM risk without a clear threshold. Using ALT levels <22 U/L as the referent, the middle ALT levels (≥22 to <40 U/L) [odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence intervals): 1.41(1.21-1.65)] and high ALT levels (≥40 U/L) [1.62 (1.31-2.00)] were associated with increased GDM risk. Maternal overweight/obesity greatly enhanced the OR of ALT ≥22 U/L from 1.44 (1.23-1.69) to 3.46 (2.79-4.29) with significant additive interactions. In conclusion, elevated ALT levels in the first trimester even within normal range predicted GDM risk, further enhanced by overweight/obesity.
Insulin-sensitizing effects of omega-3 fatty acids: Lost in translation?; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) of marine origin, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been long studied for their therapeutic potential in the context of type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, and glucose homeostasis. Glaring discordance between observations in animal and human studies precludes, to date, any practical application of n-3 PUFA as nutritional therapeutics against insulin resistance in humans. Our objective in this review is to summarize current knowledge and provide an up-to-date commentary on the therapeutic value of EPA and DHA supplementation for improving insulin sensitivity in humans. We also sought to discuss potential mechanisms of n-3 PUFA action in target tissues, in specific skeletal muscle, based on our recent work, as well as in liver and adipose tissue. We conducted a literature search to include all preclinical and clinical studies performed within the last two years and to comment on representative studies published earlier. Recent studies support a growing consensus that there are beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA on insulin sensitivity in rodents. Observational studies in humans are encouraging, however, the vast majority of human intervention studies fail to demonstrate the benefit of n-3 PUFA in type 2 diabetes or insulin-resistant non-diabetic people. Nevertheless, there are still several unanswered questions regarding the potential impact of n-3 PUFA on metabolic function in humans. © 2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Obesity, maternal smoking and SHBG in neonates; Background: Sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), a glycoprotein produced by hepatocytes that transports testosterone and other steroids in plasma, is a marker for developing metabolic syndrome and T2DM. SHBG is present in umbilical cord blood where it may be epigenetically regulated. This study was conducted to investigate whether the fetal environment, based on maternal pre-pregnancy weight, pregnancy weight gain or smoking during pregnancy, influence SHBG in newborns. Methods: Maternal and newborn characteristics and SHBG levels and other variables were measured in cord and day 2 heel-stick blood samples in 60 healthy full-term singleton babies (31 F, 29 M). Results: SHBG levels varied nearly fivefold among male and female newborns and were unrelated to sex, neonatal adiposity, determined by the Ponderal index and skinfold thickness, nor TNF in cord blood. There were also no statistically significant associations between pre-pregnancy weight or pregnancy weight gain and newborn SHBG levels. However, cord blood SHBG was higher and insulin levels were lower when mothers were smokers, but normalized by day 2. Discussion: While SHBG levels are low in obese children and adults, and portend the development of metabolic syndrome and T2DM, our study of healthy babies born to normal women, found no connection between maternal obesity or newborn adiposity and SHBG levels in newborns. Insofar as women who smoked during pregnancy were thinner and had lower cord blood insulin levels than nonsmokers, higher SHBG in their newborns at birth might have been due to insulin sensitivity, or perhaps to an effect of smoking on placental gene expression. Conclusions: Factors other than maternal weight and pregnancy weight gain appear to be the major determinants of SHBG in newborns. Higher SHBG levels when mothers smoke during pregnancy may contribute to overweight beginning later in childhood. Whether newborn SHBG levels predict the development of overweight and metabolic syndrome remains to be determined. © 2016 The Author(s).
Nature and nurture in the early-life origins of metabolic syndrome; The combination of genetic background together with food excess and lack of exercise has become the cornerstone of metabolic disorders associated to lifestyle. The scenario is furthermore reinforced by their interaction with other environmental factors (stress, sleeping patterns, education, culture, rural versus urban locations, and xenobiotics, among others) inducing epigenetic changes in the exposed individuals. The immediate consequence is the development of further alterations like obesity and metabolic syndrome, and other adverse health conditions (type-2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, cancer, reproductive, immune and neurological disorders). Thus, having in mind the impact of the metabolic syndrome on the worldwide public health, the present review affords the relative roles and the interrelationships of nature (genetic predisposition to metabolic syndrome) and nurture (lifestyle and environmental effects causing epigenetic changes), on the establishment of the metabolic disorders in women; disorders that may evolve to metabolic syndrome prior or during pregnancy and may be transmitted to their descendants. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 As an Emerging Therapeutic Target for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21 is a distinctive member of the FGF family that functions as an endocrine factor. It is expressed predominantly in the liver, but is also found in adipose tissue and the pancreas. Pharmacological studies have shown that FGF21 normalizes glucose and lipid homeostasis, thereby preventing the development of metabolic disorders, such as obesity and diabetes. Despite growing evidence for the therapeutic potential of FGF21, paradoxical increases of FGF21 in different disease conditions point to the existence of FGF21 resistance. In this review, we give a critical appraisal of recent advances in the understanding of the regulation of FGF21 production under various physiological conditions, its antidiabetic actions, and the clinical implications. We also discuss recent preclinical and clinical trials using engineered FGF21 analogs in the management of diabetes, as well as the potential side effects of FGF21 therapy. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Gender differences in adipocyte metabolism and liver cancer progression; Liver cancer is the third most common cancer type and the second leading cause of deaths in men. Large population studies have demonstrated remarkable gender disparities in the incidence and the cumulative risk of liver cancer. A number of emerging risk factors regarding metabolic alterations associated with obesity, diabetes and dyslipidemia have been ascribed to the progression of non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD) and ultimately liver cancer. The deregulation of fat metabolism derived from excessive insulin, glucose, and lipid promotes cancer-causing inflammatory signaling and oxidative stress, which eventually triggers the uncontrolled hepatocellular proliferation. This review presents the current standing on the gender differences in body fat compositions and their mechanistic linkage with the development of NAFLD-related liver cancer, with an emphasis on genetic, epigenetic and microRNA control. The potential roles of sex hormones in instructing adipocyte metabolic programs may help unravel the mechanisms underlying gender dimorphism in liver cancer and identify the metabolic targets for disease management. ï¿½ 2016 Cheung and Cheng.
Serum concentrations of fibroblast growth factor 21 are elevated in patients with congenital or acquired lipodystrophy; Objective: Patients with lipodystrophy (LD) suffer from loss of subcutaneous adipose tissue accompanied by dysregulation of several adipocyte-secreted factors. However, regulation of adipocyte-expressed fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21 which acts in an insulin-mimetic, lipid-lowering, and anti-atherogenic manner has not been investigated in non-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) LD. Material and methods: Circulating serum FGF21 levels were quantified in 37 patients with non-HIV LD and 37 controls matched for age, gender, and body mass index. Moreover, FGF21 plasma levels and mRNA expression were measured in LD mice and control animals. Additionally, serum FGF21 levels were assessed in 10 LD patients before and during metreleptin therapy. Results: Median FGF21 serum concentrations were significantly higher in LD patients (381.2 ng/l) as compared to the control group (231.2 ng/l; p = 0.023). There was an independent and positive association between circulating FGF21 and serum triglycerides (TG), as well as fibrate treatment, in multiple linear regression analysis. LD mice showed significantly upregulated FGF21 plasma levels (4.5-fold), as well as mRNA expression in various adipose tissue depots and liver as compared to controls (p < 0.05). Metreleptin treatment did not significantly alter circulating FGF21 levels in human subjects. Conclusions: Serum concentrations of FGF21 are elevated in patients with non-HIV LD with adipose tissue and liver being potential sources of increased production. TG and fibrate treatment are independent positive predictors of circulating FGF21. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.
Predictive value of triglyceride glucose index for the risk of incident diabetes: A 4-year retrospective longitudinal study; The Triglyceride Glucose Index (TyG index) is considered a surrogate marker of insulin resistance. The aim of this study is to investigate whether the TyG index has a predictive role in identifying individuals with a high risk of incident diabetes and to compare it with other indicators of metabolic health. A total 2900 non-diabetic adults who attended five consecutive annual health check-ups at Kangbuk Samsung Hospital was divided into four subgroups using three methods: (1) baseline TyG index; (2) obesity status (body mass index ≥25 kg/m2) and cutoff value of TyG index; (3) obesity status and metabolic health, defined as having fewer than two of the five components of high blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, triglyceride, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and highest decile of homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance. The development of diabetes was assessed annually using self-questionnaire, fasting glucose, and glycated hemoglobin. We compared the risk of incident diabetes using multivariate Cox analysis. During 11623 person-years there were 101 case of incident diabetes. Subjects with high TyG index had a high risk of diabetes. For TyG index quartiles, hazard ratios (HRs) of quartiles 3 and 4 were 4.06 (p = 0.033) and 5.65 (p = 0.006) respectively. When the subjects were divided by obesity status and cutoff value of TyG index of 8.8, the subgroups with TyG index ≥ 8.8 regardless of obesity had a significantly high risk for diabetes (HR 2.40 [p = 0.024] and 2.25 [p = 0.048]). For obesity status and metabolic health, the two metabolically unhealthy subgroups regardless of obesity had a significantly high risk for diabetes (HRs 2.54 [p = 0.024] and 2.73 [p = 0.021]). In conclusion, the TyG index measured at a single time point may be an indicator of the risk for incident diabetes. The predictive value of the TyG index was comparable to that of metabolic health. ï¿½ 2016 Lee et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Assessment of body composition in Wistar rat offspring by DXA in relation to prenatal and postnatal nutritional manipulation; Background: This experimental study aims to investigate the impact of combinations of prenatal and postnatal food manipulation on body composition in rat offspring. Methods: On day 12 of gestation, 100 timed pregnant rats were randomized into two nutritional groups: standard laboratory and 50% starved. Pups born to starved mothers were subdivided, based on birthweight (BiW), into fetal growth restricted (FGR) and non-FGR. Pups were born on day 21, cross-fostered, then left undisturbed lactating until the 26th postnatal day when they underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) examination. Results: Prenatally control-fed animals had a significantly greater body weight at 26 d postnatally than the prenatally starved groups, irrespective of their postnatal diet (P < 0.001). Postnatal control diet was associated with significantly increased abdominal and total fat in non-FGR compared to FGR rats (P < 0.001). non-FGR/CONTROL rats showed higher values of abdominal fat than prenatally starved animals that were starved postnatally irrespective of their birth weight (P < 0.001). Postnatal control diet significantly increased total bone mineral content (BMC), head BMC, head area, abdominal BMC in non-FGR compared to FGR rats (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Interaction between prenatal and postnatal nutrition affects growth, abdominal adiposity, and bone accrual in Wistar rats' offspring at 26 d of life. © 2016 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Sfrp5 associates with beta-cell function in humans; Background: Secreted frizzled-related protein (Sfrp)5 improves insulin sensitivity, but impairs beta-cell function in rodents. However, the relationship between Sfrp5, insulin sensitivity and secretion in humans is currently unclear. Therefore, the aim of the study was to characterize the associations between serum Sfrp5 and indices of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function from dynamic measurements using oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) in humans. Material and methods: This study enrolled 194 individuals with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), who were diagnosed based on ultrasound and liver transaminases and underwent a frequent sampling 75-g OGTT. Fasting serum Sfrp5 was measured by ELISA. Associations were assessed with several indices of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function derived from glucose, insulin and C-peptide concentrations during the OGTT. Results: Circulating Sfrp5 associated inversely with the insulinogenic index based on C-peptide (rs = -0·244, P = 0·001), but not with the insulinogenic index based on insulin levels (rs = -0·007, P = 0·926) after adjustment for age, sex and body mass index. Sfrp5 inversely correlated only with QUICKI as a marker of insulin sensitivity in the model adjusted for age and sex (rs = -0·149, P = 0·039). These associations were not influenced by the additional adjustment for hepatic steatosis index. Conclusions: The inverse association of serum Sfrp5 with beta-cell function suggests a detrimental role of Sfrp5 for insulin secretion also in humans. The severity of NAFLD does not appear to affect this relationship. The weak association between serum Sfrp5 and insulin sensitivity was partially explained by body mass. © 2016 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Inverse association between carbohydrate consumption and plasma adropin concentrations in humans; Objective: The role of metabolic condition and diet in regulating circulating levels of adropin, a peptide hormone linked to cardiometabolic control, is not well understood. In this study, weight loss and diet effects on plasma adropin concentrations were examined. Methods: This report includes data from (1) a weight loss trial, (2) an evaluation of acute exercise effects on mixed-meal (60% kcal from carbohydrates) tolerance test responses, and (3) a meta-analysis to determine normal fasting adropin concentrations. Results: Distribution of plasma adropin concentrations exhibited positive skew and kurtosis. The effect of weight loss on plasma adropin concentrations was dependent on baseline plasma adropin concentrations, with an inverse association between baseline and a decline in concentrations after weight loss (Spearman's ρ = −0.575; P < 0.001). When ranked by baseline plasma adropin concentrations, only values in the upper quartile declined with weight loss. Plasma adropin concentrations under the main area of the bell curve correlated negatively with habitual carbohydrate intake and plasma lipids. There was a negative correlation between baseline values and a transient decline in plasma adropin during the mixed-meal tolerance test. Conclusions: Plasma adropin concentrations in humans are sensitive to dietary macronutrients, perhaps due to habitual consumption of carbohydrate-rich diets suppressing circulating levels. Very high adropin levels may indicate cardiometabolic conditions sensitive to weight loss. © 2016 The Obesity Society
Advanced glycation end products: Association with the pathogenesis of diseases and the current therapeutic advances; Advanced glycation end products (AGE) such as N-ε-carboxy-ethyl-lysine (CEL), N-ε-carboxy-methyl-lysine (CML), imidazolone, methyl-glyoxal-lysine dimer (MOLD), glyoxal-lysine dimer (GOLD), pyrraline and pentosidine have been imparted in the development and worsening of complications of diabetes. They are also involved in atherosclerosis, normal aging process, arthritis, cancer and progression of age-related neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's disease. Endogenously, they are formed by nonenzymatic glycation by aldoses/ketoses to form intermediate precursor that were slowly converted into AGE. A positive correlation was observed with the level of AGEs formation and progression of the diseases. Exogenously, they formed in foods when they were cooked at very high temperature. AGEs can interact with the cell surface receptors of AGE (RAGE) to release cytokines, free radicals as well as directly modify the extracellular matrix and action of hormones. Hence, the mechanism of AGE association with pathogenesis of diseases can be ascribed mainly to the generated cytokines and free radicals. Second type of receptors such as AGE receptor-1, 2 and 3 were more specific and involved in their detoxification and clearance. Therapeutic agents were used to inhibit AGEs formation, traps the reactive carbonyl intermediate precursors, interfering with Amadori’s products, cross-link breaker and low molecular weight inhibitors of RAGE had been described as well. Despite the several therapeutic agents described so far, none of them have proven to be recommended for clinical use. Furthermore, no methods or standard units were accepted universally to measure AGEs are existing. This review discusses AGEs formation, association with diseases and therapeutic agents to alleviate them. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Reduced circulating levels of sTWEAK are associated with NAFLD and may affect hepatocyte triglyceride accumulation; Context: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome and is strongly associated with obesity, dyslipidaemia and altered glucose regulation. Previous data demonstrated that low circulating levels of tumour necrosis factor weak inducer of apoptosis (sTWEAK) were associated with obesity, diabetes and insulin resistance, all traits associated with an increased risk of NALFD. Circulating sTWEAK levels are expected to be reduced in the presence of NAFLD. Objective: We aimed to explore the relationship between NAFLD and circulating sTWEAK levels in obese patients, and to evaluate the effect of sTWEAK on hepatocyte triglyceride accumulation. Design setting and patients: This is an observational case-control study performed in n=112 severely obese patients evaluated for NAFLD by abdominal ultrasound and n=32 non-obese patients without steatosis. Serum sTWEAK concentrations were measured by ELISA. Multivariable analyses were performed to determine the independent predictors of NAFLD. We analysed TWEAK and Fn14 protein expression in liver biopsies by western blotting and immunohistochemistry. An immortalized primary human hepatocyte cell line (HHL) was used to evaluate the effect of sTWEAK on triglyceride accumulation. Results: We observed a reduction in serum circulating sTWEAK concentrations with the presence of liver steatosis. On multivariable analysis, lower sTWEAK concentrations were independently associated with the presence of NAFLD (odds ratio (OR)=0.023; 95% confidence interval: 0.001-0.579; P<0.022). In human hepatocytes, sTWEAK administration reduced fat accumulation as demonstrated by the reduction in palmitic acid-induced accumulation of triglyceride and the decreased expression of cluster of differentiation 36 (CD36) and perilipin 1 and 2 (PLIN1 and PLIN2) genes. Conclusions: Decreased sTWEAK concentrations are independently associated with the presence of NAFLD. This is concordant with the observation that TWEAK reduces lipid accumulation in human liver cells. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Early life nutrition and the opportunity to influence long-term health: An Australasian perspective; There are now significant data to support the hypothesis that early life nutrition in the fetus, infant and young child can have profound effects on long-term health. This review considers some of this evidence with specific reference to the current burden of disease in Australia and New Zealand. As the findings of further research become available, recommendations on optimizing early life nutrition should be formulated and made widely available as part of the preventative health policy agenda in both Australia and New Zealand. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2016.
Increase in endogenous estradiol in the progeny of obese rats is associated with precocious puberty and altered follicular development in adulthood; Maternal obesity during pregnancy has been related with several pathological states in offspring. However, the impact of maternal obesity on reproductive system on the progeny is beginning to be elucidated. In this work, we characterize the effect of maternal obesity on puberty onset and follicular development in adult offspring in rats. We also propose that alterations in ovarian physiology observed in offspring of obese mothers are due to increased levels of estradiol during early development. Offspring of control dams and offspring of dams exposed to a high-fat diet (HF) were studied at postnatal days (PND) 1, 7, 14, 30, 60, and 120. Body weight and onset of puberty were measured. Counting of ovarian follicles was performed at PND 60 and 120. Serum estradiol, estriol, androstenedione, FSH, LH, and insulin levels were measured by ELISA. Hepatic CYP3A2 expression was determined by Western blot. HF rats had a higher weight than controls at all ages and they also had a precocious puberty. Estradiol levels were increased while CYP3A2 expression was reduced from PND 1 until PND 60 in HF rats compared to controls. Estriol was decreased at PND60 in HF rats. Ovaries from HF rats had a decrease in antral follicles at PND60 and PND120 and an increase in follicular cysts at PND60 and PND120. In this work, we demonstrated that maternal obesity in rats alters follicular development and induces follicular cysts generation in the adult offspring. We observed that maternal obesity produces an endocrine disruption through increasing endogenous estradiol in early life. A programmed failure in hepatic metabolism of estradiol is probably the cause of its increase. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Once and for all, LXRα and LXRβ are gatekeepers of the endocrine system; Liver X receptors (LXRs) α and β are nuclear receptors whose transcriptional activity is regulated by oxysterols, the oxidized forms of cholesterol. Described in the late 1990s as lipid sensors, both LXRs regulate cholesterol and fatty acid homeostasis. Over the years, deep phenotypic analyses of mouse models deficient for LXRα and/or LXRβ have pointed out various other physiological functions including glucose homeostasis, immunology, and neuroprotection. This review enlightens the "endocrine" functions of LXRs; they deeply impact plasma glucose directly and by modulating insulin signaling, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone axis, thyroid and pituitary hormone levels, and bone homeostasis. Besides, LXR signaling is also involved in adrenal physiology, steroid synthesis, and male and female reproduction. Hence, LXRs are definitely involved in the endocrine system and could thus be considered as endocrine receptors, even though oxysterols do not fully correspond to the definition of hormones. Finally, because they are ligand-regulated transcription factors, LXRs are potential pharmacological targets with promising beneficial metabolic effects. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.
Genetic Rodent Models of Obesity-Associated Ovarian Dysfunction and Subfertility: Insights into Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy affecting women and a leading cause of female infertility worldwide. Defined clinically by the presence of hyperandrogenemia and oligomenorrhoea, PCOS represents a state of hormonal dysregulation, disrupted ovarian follicle dynamics, and subsequent oligo- or anovulation. The syndrome’s prevalence is attributed, at least partly, to a well-established association with obesity and insulin resistance (IR). Indeed, the presence of severe PCOS in human genetic obesity and IR syndromes supports a causal role for IR in the pathogenesis of PCOS. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying this causality, as well as the important role of hyperandrogenemia, remain poorly elucidated. As such, treatment of PCOS is necessarily empirical, focusing on symptom alleviation. The generation of knockout and transgenic rodent models of obesity and IR offers a promising platform in which to address mechanistic questions about reproductive dysfunction in the context of metabolic disease. Similarly, the impact of primary perturbations in rodent gonadotrophin or androgen signaling has been interrogated. However, the insights gained from such models have been limited by the relatively poor fidelity of rodent models to human PCOS. In this mini review, we evaluate the ovarian phenotypes associated with rodent models of obesity and IR, including the extent of endocrine disturbance, ovarian dysmorphology, and subfertility. We compare them to both human PCOS and other animal models of the syndrome (genetic and hormonal), explore reasons for their discordance, and consider the new opportunities that are emerging to better understand and treat this important condition. © Copyright © 2016 Huang-Doran and Franks.
Increased levels of plasma alpha 2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein in Yi Chinese patients with lower extremity atherosclerosis diseases due to type 2 diabetes mellitus; The study aimed to investigate the value of plasma alpha 2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein (AHSG) levels for predicting the presence and severity of lower extremity atherosclerosis disease (LEASD) in Yi Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A total of 128 consecutive patients with T2DM and 120 normal controls were recruited. Plasma AHSG levels were analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). LEASD was diagnosed by color Doppler ultrasound examination, and its severity was assessed by the sum of each atheroscle-rosis (AS) score, including intima-media thickness (IMT), degree of sclerosis, plaques, and luminal stenosis. T2DM subjects had significantly higher AHSG levels than normal controls (348.88±48.18 μg/ml vs. 283.09±40.72 μg/ml, P < 0.01). T2DM patients with LEASD showed significantly higher AHSG levels than T2DM patients without LEASD (363.80±48.35 μg/ml vs. 332.48±42.66 μg/ml, P < 0.01). The difference remained statistically significant after adjusting for all other potential confounders between groups using covariance analysis. AHSG was positively correlated with homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and AS scores by Pearson’s correlation analysis (r = 0.175, P < 0.05; r = 0.407, P < 0.01, respectively). HOMA-IR was independently associated with AHSG in a multivariate linear regression analysis (t = 2.150, P < 0.05). Logistic regression analysis revealed that AHSG was an independent risk factor for T2DM and for T2DM complicated by LEASD (OR = 1.070, 95% CI: 1.027-1.116, P < 0.01; OR = 1.024, 95% CI: 1.011-1.037, P < 0.01, respectively). An increased level of plasma AHSG might serve as a potential predictor of the presence and development of T2DM and LEASD caused by T2DM in Yi Chinese patients. © 2016, E-Century Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved.
A narrative review of the associations between six bioactive components in breast milk and infant adiposity; Objective: This narrative review examines six important non-nutritive substances in breast milk, many of which were thought to have little to no biological significance. The overall objective is to provide background on key bioactive factors in breast milk believed to have an effect on infant outcomes (growth and body composition). Methods: The evidence for the effects of the following six bioactive compounds in breast milk on infant growth outcomes are reviewed: insulin, leptin, adiponectin, ghrelin, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Results: The existing literature on the effects of breast milk insulin, ghrelin, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-α and their associations with infant growth and adiposity is sparse. Of the bioactive compounds reviewed, leptin and adiponectin are the most researched. Data reveal that breast milk adiponectin has negative associations with growth in infancy. Conclusions: There is a need for innovative, well-designed studies to improve causal inference and advance our understanding in the effects of breast milk and its components on offspring growth and body composition. The recommendations provided, along with careful consideration of both known and unknown factors that affect breast milk composition, will help improve, standardize, and ultimately advance this emergent field. © 2016 The Obesity Society
Heat-killed lactobacillus reuteri GMNL-263 prevents epididymal fat accumulation and cardiac injury in high-calorie diet-fed rats; High-calorie diet-induced obesity leads to cardiomyocyte dysfunction and apoptosis. Impaired regulation of epididymal fat content in obese patients has been known to increase the risk of cardiac injury. In our study, a lactic acid bacteria, Lactobacillus reuteri GMNL-263, was evaluated for its potential to reduce body weight and body fat ratio and to prevent heart injury in rats with high-fat diet-induced obesity. Lactic acid bacteria supplementation restored the cardiac function and decreased the physiological changes in the heart of the obese rats. In addition, the Fas/Fas-associated protein pathway-induced caspase 3/e Poly polymerase mediated apoptosis in the cardiomyocytes of the obese rats was reversed in the Lr263-treated rats. These results reveal that fed with Lr-263 reduces body fat ratio, inhibits caspase 3-mediated apoptosis and restores cardiac function in obese rats through recovery of ejection fraction and fractional shortening. Our results indicated that the administration of Lr263 lactic acid bacteria can significantly down-regulate body fat and prevent cardiomyocyte injury in obese rats. © Ivyspring International Publisher.
Diabetes insipidus and pregnancy; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy. It is usually transient, being due to increased placental production of vasopressinase that inactivates circulating vasopressin. Gestational, transient DI occurs late in pregnancy and disappears few days after delivery. Acquired central DI can also occur during pregnancy, for example in a patient with hypophysitis or neuroinfundibulitis during late pregnancy or postpartum. Finally, pre-existing central or nephrogenic DI may occasionally be unmasked by pregnancy. Treatment with dDAVP (desmopressin, Minirin®) is very effective on transient DI of pregnancy and also on pre-existing or acquired central DI. Contrary to vasopressin, dDAVP is not degraded by vasopressinase. Nephrogenic DI is insensitive to dDAVP and is therefore more difficult to treat during pregnancy if fluid intake needs to be restricted. © 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Veterans and agent Orange: Update 2014; From 1962 to 1971, the US military sprayed herbicides over Vietnam to strip the thick jungle canopy that could conceal opposition forces, to destroy crops that those forces might depend on, and to clear tall grasses and bushes from the perimeters of US base camps and outlying fire-support bases. Mixtures of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D), 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T), picloram, and cacodylic acid made up the bulk of the herbicides sprayed. The main chemical mixture sprayed was Agent Orange, a 50:50 mixture of 2,4-D and 2,4,5-T. At the time of the spraying, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), the most toxic form of dioxin, was an unintended contaminant generated during the production of 2,4,5-T and so was present in Agent Orange and some other formulations sprayed in Vietnam. Because of complaints from returning Vietnam veterans about their own health and that of their children combined with emerging toxicologic evidence of adverse effects of phenoxy herbicides and TCDD, the National Academy of Sciences was asked to perform a comprehensive evaluation of scientific and medical information regarding the health effects of exposure to Agent Orange, other herbicides used in Vietnam, and the various components of those herbicides, including TCDD. Updated evaluations were conducted every two years to review newly available literature and draw conclusions from the overall evidence. Veterans and Agent Orange: Update 2014 is the final and cumulative report of the series. © 2016 by the National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Mechanisms of breast feeding actions on obesity prevention: A systematic review; Background/Objective: The worldwide increasing prevalence of obesity necessitates research studies that focus on exploring the simple and inexpensive ways to prevent it. Breast feeding (BF) is one of the easiest methods that might protect against obesity. Given the lack of a review on the mechanisms of BF actions in the prevention of obesity this study aims to focus on the effects of BF on obesity prevention during infancy, childhood, adolescence, and adult life with emphasis on possible mechanisms. Methods: Databases of PubMed and Science direct were searched for terms: "breast milk" plus obesity, and "human milk" plus obesity from 2005 till March 2015. Searching was limited to articles with English language. Review articles, case reports, abstract in symposium and congress, studies on preterm infants and non-healthy babies, non-human studies, and unpublished studies were excluded. Based on critically appraise, eligibility of included articles were evaluated. Results: After applying the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 27 articles from 456 studies remained for further consideration. Eighteen studies on comparison of feeding type effects, 7 studies on hormones and bioactive compounds in breast milk, and 2 studies on macronutrient contents of breast milk were reviewed. Most of the studies showed positive effects of BF on obesity prevention during infancy, childhood, adolescence, and even adult life with aforementioned mechanisms. Conclusion: Evidence from recent studies suggests that BF may prevent not only childhood obesity, but also in other periods of life with various mechanisms including hormones, bioactive compounds, and macronutrient contents in breast milk. Further clinical trials about BF mechanisms of actions controlling for confounding variables, especially maternal pre-pregnancy overweight, is suggested. © Mattioli 1885.
Probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics; Probiotics are living microorganisms which, when ingested in certain amounts, have a positive impact on human health, mainly due to their roles in improving the balance of the intestinal microflora. On the other hand, the prebiotic are food ingredients that may also have a positive impact in the improvement of the intestinal flora. These components, which fall into the category of fibers, are not digested in the upper gastrointestinal tract, and therefore reach the colon where they stimulate the growth and/or the activity of some types of bacteria. The term synbiotic is used for products that contain both probiotics and prebiotics, thus taking advantage of both the addition of beneficial bacteria and the encouragement of the growth of resident beneficial bacteria. The present chapter aims to review the scientific literature related to prebiotics, probiotics and synbiotics, including their identification, properties and health benefits. © 2017 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Adiponectin in health and disease; Over the past 20 years after the discovery of adiponectin, much knowledge about its effect in health and disease has been gained. Adiponectin has antidiabetic, antiatherogenic, anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory, metabolic, vasoprotective, and antiapoptotic properties. However, an understanding stems from the given literature review that much remains to be explored. Adiponectin has not yet commonly used in clinical practice, but cardiologists, endocrinologists, pediatricians, oncologists, and physicians of many specialties are interested in its preventive and therapeutic applications.
Role of Metformin in Women's Health: Review of Its Current Place in Clinical Practice and Emerging Indications for Future; Importance Metformin, an oral antihyperglycemic drug, acts as an insulin sensitizer in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has also been widely used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus. Although randomized clinical trials have failed to establish its superiority over other forms of treatment, metformin continues to be a treatment option in specific subgroups of women either alone or as an adjunct with other therapies in management of PCOS. Objective and Evidence Acquisition This narrative review was conducted to assess the present role of metformin in management of clinical conditions related to women's health. A PubMed search was conducted using the following terms: "metformin," "polycystic," "ovary," "Women's," "health," "gestational," "diabetes," "cancer," and "fertility," and all relevant studies were evaluated for accumulation of evidence. Results and Conclusions Metformin is used as a second-line drug for ovulation induction in women with PCOS who are resistant to clomiphene citrate. Metformin also forms one of the management options in women who need antiandrogen therapy without the need for contraception at the same time. Women with PCOS undergoing in vitro fertilization are likely to benefit from metformin therapy to reduce their risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome. Metformin alone or in combination with insulin has been reported to have similar safety and efficacy to insulin for the treatment of GDM. There is growing evidence that metformin may be associated with a decreased risk of developing cancers and improved response to chemotherapy. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives After completing this CME activity, physicians should be better able to (1) describe the mechanism of action of metformin and common adverse effects associated with its use, (2) counsel women about the role of metformin in induction of ovulation and treatment of hyperandrogenemia in polycystic ovary syndrome, and (3) describe the role of metformin in management of gestational diabetes mellitus. © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Stachyose increases absorption and hepatoprotective effect of tea polyphenols in high fructose-fed mice; Scope: The consumption of tea polyphenols (TP) and stachyose contributes to preventive effects on hepatic injury. This study examined the effects of stachyose on absorption and hepatoprotective effects of TP in mice. Methods and results: GC-MS measurement showed that stachyose significantly increased serum total phenolic, ECG and EGCG contents in mice. The mice fed with high fructose (HF)-diet for 56 days exhibited oxidative stress observed by an increase in hepatic MDA levels and decreases in GSH-Px and SOD activities. Serum TC, TG, LDL-C and CRP levels, and ALT and AST activities were increased, while HDL-C concentrations were decreased following HF diet. Co-supplementation of stachyose and TP more effectively improved all parameters mentioned above when compared to administration of stachyose or TP alone. Histological observations of hepatic tissues also confirmed the beneficial effects of co-administration of stachyose and TP. Conclusion: Our results suggest that stachyose enhances absorption and hepatoprotective effects of TP, and combined ingestion of stachyose and TP is a novel strategy for alleviating HF diet-induced hepatic injury. Graphical abstract: Administration of tea polyphenol with stachyose significantly increased serum total phenols, ECG and EGCG levels in high fructose diet-fed mice. The co-administration of stachyose and tea polyphenol was also more effective against high fructose diet-induced hepatic injury than treatment of stachyose or tea polyphenol alone. © 2016 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
AISF position paper on liver disease and pregnancy; The relationship between liver disease and pregnancy is of great clinical impact. Severe liver disease in pregnancy is rare; however, pregnancy-related liver disease is the most frequent cause of liver dysfunction during pregnancy and represents a severe threat to foetal and maternal survival. A rapid differential diagnosis between liver disease related or unrelated to pregnancy is required in women who present with liver dysfunction during pregnancy. This report summarizes the recommendation of an expert panel established by the Italian Association for the Study of the Liver (AISF) on the management of liver disease during pregnancy. The article provides an overview of liver disease occurring in pregnancy, an update on the key mechanisms involved in its pathogenesis, and an assessment of the available treatment options. The report contains in three sections: (1) specific liver diseases of pregnancy; (2) liver disease occurring during pregnancy; and (3) pregnancy in patients with pre-existing chronic liver disease. Each topic is discussed considering the most relevant data available in literature; the final statements are formulated according to both scientific evidence and clinical expertise of the involved physicians, and the AISF expert panel recommendations are reported. © 2015 Editrice Gastroenterologica Italiana S.r.l.
Probiotics as beneficial agents in the management of diabetes mellitus: A systematic review; Probiotics have been suggested to play an important role in the management of diabetes. We conducted a systematic review on the role of probiotics in modulating parameters related to diabetes in animal and human experiments. We searched Pubmed, Scopus and Cochrane central until June 2014, concerning the effects of probiotics on hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and their anti-diabetic efficacies by modulating the activities of proinflammatory and antioxidant factors. Our initial search retrieved 1120 reports. After screening titles and abstracts, 72 full-text articles were reviewed for eligibility. Ultimately, 33 articles met our inclusion criteria consisting of five human and twenty eight animal reports. Lactobacillus strains were, in particular, used in all studies with or without other strains. We found that probiotics have beneficial effects on glycemic controls, as all human studies showed significant reductions in at least one of the primary outcome endpoints which were the levels of fasting plasma glucose, postprandial blood glucose, glycated haemoglobin, insulin, insulin resistance and onset of diabetes; similarly, all the animal reports, except for two, documented significant changes in these parameters. Regarding secondary outcome measures, that is, lipid profiles, pro-inflammatory and anti-oxidant factors, only one human and one animal study failed to show any significant changes in any of these parameters. This systematic review generally demonstrated beneficial effects of the probiotic administration, especially Lactobacillus sub-strains, on the management of diabetes-related blood parameters, although, more evidence, especially from human trials, is needed to confirm these effects and also to conduct a meta-analysis. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Guinea pig genital tract lipidome reveals in vivo and in vitro regulation of phosphatidylcholine 16:0/18:1 and contribution to Chlamydia trachomatis serovar D infectivity; Introduction: Chlamydia trachomatis (Ct), is the leading cause of sexually transmitted infections worldwide. Host transcriptomic- or proteomic profiling studies have identified key molecules involved in establishment of Ct infection or the generation of anti Ct-immunity. However, the contribution of the host metabolome is not known. Objectives: The objective of this study was to determine the contribution of host metabolites in genital Ct infection. Methods: We used high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, and mapped lipid profiles in genital swabs obtained from female guinea pigs at days 3, 9, 15, 30 and 65 post Ct serovar D intravaginal infection. Results: Across all time points assessed, 13 distinct lipid species including choline, ethanolamine and glycerol were detected. Amongst these metabolites, phosphatidylcholine (PC) was the predominant phospholipid detected from animals actively shedding bacteria i.e., at 3, 9, and 15 days post infection. However, at days 30 and 65 when the animals had cleared the infection, PC was observed to be decreased compared to previous time points. Mass spectrometry analyses of PC produced in guinea pigs (in vivo) and 104C1 guinea pig cell line (in vitro) revealed distinct PC species following Ct D infection. Amongst these, PC 16:0/18:1 was significantly upregulated following Ct D infection (p < 0.05, >twofold change) in vivo and in vitro infection models investigated in this report. Exogenous addition of PC 16:0/18:1 resulted in significant increase in Ct D in Hela 229 cells. Conclusion: This study demonstrates a role for host metabolite, PC 16:0/18:1 in regulating genital Ct infection in vivo and in vitro. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Adropin - physiological and pathophysiological role; Adropin is a peptide hormone that was discovered in 2008 by Kumar et al. This protein consists of 76 amino acids, and it was originally described as a secreted peptide, with residues 1-33 encoding a secretory signal peptide sequence. The amino acid sequence of this protein in humans, mice and rats is identical. While our knowledge of the exact physiological roles of this poorly understood peptide continues to evolve, recent data suggest a role in energy homeostasis and the control of glucose and fatty acid metabolism. This protein is encoded by the Enho gene, which is expressed primarily in the liver and the central nervous system. The regulation of adropin secretion is controversial. Adropin immunoreactivity has been reported by several laboratories in the circulation of humans, non-human primates and rodents. However, more recently it has been suggested that adropin is a membrane-bound protein that modulates cell-cell communication. Moreover, adropin has been detected in various tissues and body fluids, such as brain, cerebellum, liver, kidney, heart, pancreas, small intestine, endothelial cells, colostrum, cheese whey and milk. The protein level, as shown by previous research, changes in various physiological and pathophysiological conditions. Adropin is involved in carbohydrate-lipid metabolism, metabolic diseases, central nervous system function, endothelial function and cardiovascular disease. The knowledge of this interesting protein, its exact role and mechanism of action is insufficient. This article provides an overview of the existing literature about the role of adropin, both in physiological and pathophysiological conditions.
Plasma osteoprotegerin levels are inversely associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes: A case-control study in China; Objective Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a soluble member of the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor superfamily, is a decoy receptor for the receptor activator of nucleus factor-κB ligand (RANKL) and TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL). OPG has an effect on systemic insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis. The objective of this study was to evaluate the relationship between plasma osteoprotegerin (OPG) levels and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in patients with type 2 diabetes. Materials/methods A case-control study was performed with 746 patients with type 2 diabetes. Of the study population, 367 patients had B-mode ultrasound-proven NAFLD and 379 were controls. The plasma OPG levels were measured using ELISA methods. NAFLD was diagnosed by hepatic ultrasound after the exclusion of alcohol abuse and other liver diseases. Results The OPG levels were significantly decreased in patients with NAFLD (2.3 ± 1.1 μg/L vs. 2.8 ± 1.3 μg/L, p = 3.75 × 105) compared to controls. Pearson correlation analysis showed that the OPG levels were associated with age and systolic blood pressure (both p < 0.05). The participants in the lowest OPG quartile had a significantly increased risk for NAFLD (OR = 3.49, 95% CI 1.86-6.94) after adjusting for potential cofounders. Conclusions The plasma OPG level is negatively associated with NAFLD independent of potential cofounders. © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Sirtuins-mediators of maternal obesity-induced complications in offspring?; Obesity is a complex metabolic disease, attributed to diverse and interactive genetic and environmental factors. The associated health consequences of obesity are pleiotropic, with individuals being more susceptible to chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and lipotoxicity-related chronic diseases. The contribution of maternal obesity to the offspring's predisposition to both obesity and its complications is increasingly recognized. Understanding the mechanisms underlying these "transmissible" effects is critical to develop therapeutic interventions to reduce the risk for "programmed" obesity. Sirtuins (SIRTs), particularly SIRT1 and SIRT3, are NAD+-dependent deacetylases that regulate metabolic balance and stress responses in both central and peripheral tissues, of which dysregulation is a well-established mediator for the development and effects of obesity. Nevertheless, their implication in the transmissible effects of maternal obesity across generations remains largely elusive. In this review, we examine multiple pathways and systems that are likely to mediate such effects, with particular emphasis on the role of SIRTs. © 2016 FASEB.
Serum fibroblast growth factor 19 is decreased in patients with overt hypothyroidism and subclinical hypothyroidism; As a newly emerging metabolic regulator, accumulating evidence suggests that the circulating fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) level correlated with lipid and glucose metabolism. Several independent groups have found that FGF19 was highly likely associated with multiple metabolic disorders. Thyroid dysfunction is believed to be associated with metabolism diseases. However, to date, few studies have investigated the role of FGF19 in patients with thyroid dysfunctions. For this purpose, a cross-sectional study was done to estimate the role of FGF19 in patients with different thyroid functions. Compared with the healthy control, the present study revealed that serum FGF19 levels were significantly decreased in overt hypothyroidism patients (78.7 [52.7-121.2] vs 292.4 [210.2-426.5] pg/mL, P<0.001). FGF19 concentration was also lower in the subclinical hypothyroidism group than it was in the healthy control group (95.8 [71.7-126.3] vs 292.4 [210.2-426.5] pg/mL, P<0.001). However, there was no significant difference in FGF19 level between the isolated thyroid autoantibody positive group and the healthy control group (252.0 [205.9-353.5] vs 292.4 [210.2-426.5] pg/mL, P>0.05). Also, serum thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) was an independent predictor of FGF19. In conclusion, thyroid insufficiency but not thyroid autoimmunity may have impacted serum FGF19 concentrations. As the role of FGF19 is becoming more and more important in the pathogenesis of many metabolic diseases, we proposed that the thyroid hormone level should be taken into account when the serum concentration is explained. Further studies are needed to elucidate the role of FGF19 in the development of hypothyroidism. Copyright © 2016 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity (Class I-III), gestational weight gain and maternal leptin levels during and after pregnancy: A prospective cohort study; Background: Maternal obesity is accompanied by maternal and fetal complications during and after pregnancy. The risks seem to increase with degree of obesity. Leptin has been suggested to play a role in the development of obesity related complications. Whether maternal leptin levels differ between obese and morbidly obese women, during and after pregnancy, have to our knowledge not been previously described. Neither has the association between maternal leptin levels and gestational weight gain in obese women. The aim was to evaluate if maternal plasma leptin levels were associated with different degrees of maternal obesity and gestational weight gain. Methods: Prospective cohort study including women categorized as obesity class I-III (n = 343) and divided into three gestational weight gain groups (n = 304). Maternal plasma leptin was measured at gestational week 15, 29 and 10 weeks postpartum. Maternal Body Mass Index (BMI) was calculated from early pregnancy weight. Gestational weight gain was calculated using maternal weight in delivery week minus early pregnancy weight. The mean value and confidence interval of plasma-leptin were analysed with a two-way ANOVA model. Interaction effect between BMI and gestational weight gain group was tested with a two-way ANOVA model. Results: The mean maternal leptin concentrations were significantly higher in women with obesity class III compared to women in obesity class I, at all times when plasma leptin were measured. The mean leptin concentrations were also significantly higher in women with obesity class II compared to women in obesity class I, except in gestational week 29. There was no difference in mean levels of plasma leptin between the gestational weight gain groups. No significant interaction between BMI and gestational weight gain group was found. Conclusions: Plasma leptin levels during and after pregnancy were associated with obesity class but not with degree of gestational weight gain. These results are in concordance with epidemiological findings where the risk of obstetric complications increases with increased maternal obesity class. The effect on obstetric outcome by degree of gestational weight gain is less pronounced than the adverse effects associated with maternal obesity. © 2016 Carlhäll et al.
Enhancing the hepatic protective effect of genistein by oral administration with stachyose in mice with chronic high fructose diet consumption; Dietary supplementation of soy stachyose or genistein is known to be of hepatoprotective health interest. This study showed that co-administration of genistein and stachyose caused stronger inhibition on abnormal weight gain and liver fat accumulation by decreasing fatty acid synthetase expression and balancing disorderly lipid metabolism than that of genistein or stachyose alone in high-fructose (HF) diet-fed mice. Furthermore, the production of malonaldehyde and carbonyl derivatives of proteins was also more effectively inhibited by co-treatment of genistein and stachyose, and thereby glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase activities were elevated in HF-fed mice. Moreover, genistein in combination with stachyose was more effective to reduce the impact of HF on the serum markers of liver damage by inhibiting inflammatory cytokine release than stachyose or genistein alone in mice. The potential mechanism was that stachyose enhanced absorption of genistein in HF-fed mice by oral supplementation of genistein together with stachyose. These findings indicate that co-ingestion of stachyose and genistein may serve as a novel strategy for hepatic protection. © 2016 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Nesfatin-1: a new energy-regulating peptide with pleiotropic functions. Implications at cardiovascular level; Nesfatin-1 is a new energy-regulating peptide widely expressed at both central and peripheral tissues with pleiotropic effects. In the last years, the study of nesfatin-1 actions and its possible implication in the development of different diseases has created a great interest among the scientific community. In this review, we will summarize nesfatin-1 main functions, focusing on its cardiovascular implications. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
The role of probiotics in the prevention of disease; Health care is rapidly changing, and a key focus of this evolution is preventative medicine, as opposed to treatment and curative options once disease has been established. This focus on prevention is aimed at reducing the overall health-care burden through better education, improved lifestyle choices and, in some cases, specific therapy to avoid disease. Natural supplements have been used in various forms for centuries, and increasingly they are undergoing vigorous scientific research in order to explore their various associated claims. Of these, probiotics are some of the most extensively investigated, and they potentially represent a safe and viable option for the prevention of certain conditions. The volume of research into probiotics has increased in parallel with the search for alternative, natural therapies with fewer side effects and clinical implications. This is reflected by the development of medicinal probiotics with extensive pre-clinical and clinical research to support their use. This review article will introduce some of the basic concepts related to probiotics, the human bacterial population (microbiome) and some of the evidence available to support their use in preventing disease. © 2016 MA Healthcare Ltd.
Adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered the most common liver disease in the world, but little is known about its potential association with pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to investigate pregnancy outcomes in NAFLD. Methods: The Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) was used to identify births between 1992 and 2011 (N=1960416). By linkage with the National Patient Register, we identified women with a diagnosis of NAFLD. The MBR was then used to identify outcomes: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, Apgar score <7 at 5min, preterm birth (<37weeks), low birth weight (<2500g), infants born small for gestational age and congenital malformations. As controls, we used women with no diagnosis for NAFLD divided into two groups; with and without polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Poisson regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs) adjusted for maternal age, smoking status and body mass index at early pregnancy, parity and prepregnancy diabetes. Results: We identified 110 pregnancies in women with NAFLD. Using women without a diagnosis of NAFLD or PCOS as controls; NAFLD was associated with gestational diabetes [adjusted RRs 2.78; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.25-6.15], pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.95; 95% CI 1.03-3.70), Caesarean section (aRR 1.52; 95% CI 1.19-1.94), preterm birth (aRR 2.50; 95% CI 1.38-4.55) and with low birth weight (aRR 2.40; 95% CI 1.21-4.78). Conclusion: Women with a diagnosis of NAFLD prior to giving birth have increased risks for adverse pregnancy outcome independently of body mass index and diabetes, and should be carefully monitored during antenatal care. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Hypertension and beyond - does circulating irisin matter?; Irisin is a myokine secreted by skeletal muscles. It has been proposed to drive the brown-fat-like conversion of the white adipose tissue. By enhancing energy expenditure, irisin may affect systemic metabolism and be associated with insulin resistance; however, the mechanism(s) of action still remain largely unexplained. The discovery of irisin can contribute to the exploration of the novel and effective therapeutic targets or therapeutic strategies of metabolic diseases or metabolism-associated health issues. In this review, based on the recent literature (from 2013 to 2015 inclusive), we will systematically discuss the associations of irisin with obesity, type 2 diabetes, lipid disorders, and hypertension. We also introduce unanswered questions for future research. © 2016 Via Medica.
The beneficial effects of taurine in preventing metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome, a cluster of risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, has become a very serious public health concern. A number of studies have provided evidence that taurine has an efficient action against metabolic syndrome, which includes reducing triglycerides to prevent obesity, improving insulin resistance to regulate glucose metabolism, lowering cholesterol (especially decreasing VLDL + LDL cholesterol and increasing HDL cholesterol) to prevent diet-induced hypercholesterolemia, and regulating the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and the kallikrein-kinin system etc. to reduce blood pressure. This review summarizes the data from in vitro, animal and limited human studies of beneficial effects of taurine on obesity, dyslipidaemia, diabetes mellitus and hypertension, and addresses the possible metabolic and molecular mechanisms of the prevention of metabolic syndrome by taurine. © 2016 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Experimental diabetes induced by alloxan and streptozotocin: The current state of the art; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disorder with a high prevalence worldwide. Animal models of diabetes represent an important tool in diabetes investigation that helps us to avoid unnecessary and ethically challenging studies in human subjects, as well as to obtain a comprehensive scientific viewpoint of this disease. Although there are several methods through which diabetes can be induced, chemical methods of alloxan- and streptozotocin-induced diabetes represent the most important and highly preferable experimental models for this pathological condition. Therefore, the aim of this article was to review the current knowledge related to quoted models of diabetes, including to this point available information about mechanism of action, particular time- and dose-dependent protocols, frequent problems, as well as major limitations linked to laboratory application of alloxan and sterptozotocin in inducing diabetes. Given that diabetes is known to be closely associated with serious health consequences it is of fundamental importance that current animal models for induction of diabetes should be continuously upgraded in order to improve overall prevention, diagnosis and treatment of this pathological condition. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Dietary patterns and changes in cardiovascular risk factors in apparently healthy Chinese women: A longitudinal study; Little is known of the relationships between dietary patterns and cardiovascular risk factors in China. We therefore designed a 3-year longitudinal study to evaluate the impacts of dietary patterns on changes in these factors among Chinese women. A total of 1,028 subjects who received health examination in 2011 and 2014 were recruited. Three major dietary patterns ("vegetable pattern", "meat pattern", and "animal offal-dessert-and-alcohol pattern") were derived by principal component analysis based on validated food frequency questionnaires. Cardiovascular risk factors were standardized to create within-cohort z-scores and the changes in them were calculated as the differences between 2011 and 2014. Relationships between dietary patterns and changes in cardiovascular risk factors were assessed using general linear model. After adjustment for potential confounders, changes in total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose decreased across the tertiles of vegetable pattern (p for trend = 0.01 and 0.04, respectively). While, changes in diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol increased across the tertiles of animal offal-dessert-and-alcohol pattern (p for trend = 0.02, 0.01, and 0.02, respectively). The findings suggest that vegetable pattern was beneficially related to cardiovascular risk factors, whereas animal offal-dessert-and-alcohol pattern was detrimental related to these factors among apparently healthy Chinese women. © 2016 JCBN.
Adropin-A novel biomarker of heart disease: A systematic review article; Background: Heart disease is one of the most common chronic disease and leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Adropin, a newly identified protein, is important for energy homeostasis and maintaining insulin sensitivi-ty, and has been referred to as a novel regulator of endothelial cells. Endothelial dysfunction is a key early event in atherogenesis and onset of HD. Therefore, this review gives a systematic overview of studies investigating plasma adropin level in patient with heart disease. Methods: Data carried out in PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, Embase, Google scholar and MEDLINE, from the earliest available online indexing year through 2015. The search restricted to studies conducted in humans. The key-word search was adropin to apply in title, abstract and keywords. References lists of all original published articles were scanned to find additional eligible studies. Results: Heart failure (HF), coronary atherosclerosis acute myocardial infarction and Cardiac Syndrome X (CSX) were type of heart disease acknowledged in this study. Majority of evidences introduced low adropin as an independ-ent risk factor of heart disease. In a case-control study, the plasma level of adropin increased with the severity of HF. Conclusion: Adropinmay be a potential serum biomarker for early diagnosis of HD. © 2016, Iranian Journal of Public Health. All rights reserved.
Molecular mechanisms of ROS production and oxidative stress in diabetes; Oxidative stress and chronic inflammation are known to be associated with the development of metabolic diseases, including diabetes. Oxidative stress, an imbalance between oxidative and antioxidative systems of cells and tissues, is a result of over production of oxidative-free radicals and associated reactive oxygen species (ROS). One outcome of excessive levels of ROS is the modification of the structure and function of cellular proteins and lipids, leading to cellular dysfunction including impaired energy metabolism, altered cell signalling and cell cycle control, impaired cell transport mechanisms and overall dysfunctional biological activity, immune activation and inflammation. Nutritional stress, such as that caused by excess high-fat and/or carbohydrate diets, promotes oxidative stress as evident by increased lipid peroxidation products, protein carbonylation and decreased antioxidant status. In obesity, chronic oxidative stress and associated inflammation are the underlying factors that lead to the development of pathologies such as insulin resistance, dysregulated pathways of metabolism, diabetes and cardiovascular disease through impaired signalling and metabolism resulting in dysfunction to insulin secretion, insulin action and immune responses. However, exercise may counter excessive levels of oxidative stress and thus improve metabolic and inflammatory outcomes. In the present article, we review the cellular and molecular origins and significance of ROS production, the molecular targets and responses describing how oxidative stress affects cell function including mechanisms of insulin secretion and action, from the point of view of possible application of novel diabetic therapies based on redox regulation. © 2016 The Author(s); published by Portland Press Limited on behalf of the Biochemical Society.
Depressive Symptoms Clusters and Insulin Resistance: Race/Ethnicity as a Moderator in 2005–2010 NHANES Data; Background: Although depression has been linked to insulin resistance, few studies have examined depressive symptom clusters. Purpose: We examined whether certain depressive symptom clusters are more strongly associated with insulin resistance in a nationally representative sample, and we evaluated potential moderators and mediators. Methods: Respondents were 4487 adults from NHANES 2005–2010. Depressive symptoms were measured with the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and insulin resistance was indexed by the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) score. Results: Positive relationships between PHQ-9 total, somatic, and cognitive-affective scores and HOMA score were detected (ps <0.001). In a simultaneous model, the somatic (p = 0.017), but not the cognitive-affective (p = 0.071), score remained associated with HOMA score. We observed evidence of (a) moderation by race/ethnicity (relationships stronger in non-Hispanic Whites) and (b) mediation by body mass and inflammation. Conclusions: The depressive symptoms–insulin resistance link may be strongest among non-Hispanic Whites and may be driven slightly more by the somatic symptoms. © 2015, The Society of Behavioral Medicine.
The “toxic” effects of a perinatal obesogenic environment: Maternal obesity and impacts on future generations; In recent decades, epidemic levels of metabolic disease states have become global issues. Among the most well-known of these are obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases, whose social and economic impacts have prompted a global fervor of investigation into their causes. Though initially considered to be determined largely by genetic and lifestyle factors, such as diet and exercise, this paradigm would ultimately be insufficient to explain the continued propagation of non-communicable diseases. In the late 1980s, a new and exciting field of research described the roots of disease to be founded early in developmental life. These early studies showed that perturbations to the organism during critical developmental windows had long-term impacts on disease risk even after controlling for lifestyle and genetics. By extension, alterations in maternal physiology are implicated by this discovery, as it is the primary determinant of the fetal environment. Indeed, extensive data derived from animal models and clinical studies have been essential to defining the nature and extent of the influence that the mother’s own metabolic status has on the developing fetus. An altered substrate profile in cases of maternal obesity is said to “program” the offspring, resulting in a maladapted physiology and increased disease risk. A compelling case is then made for a metabolically abnormal intrauterine environment acting as a “toxin” for the fetus, initiating and driving later-in-life disease. The focus of this chapter will be to review the known complications of maternal high fat diet and obesity on offspring health in later life, and to describe recent mechanistic insights into its origins. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.
C1q and tumor necrosis factor-related protein 3 is present in human cord blood and is associated with fetal growth; Background: To determine the presence of C1q and tumor necrosis factor-related protein 3 (CTRP3) in cord blood and its relationship with fetal growth among Chinese newborns. Methods: This pilot study recruited 126 infants (small for gestational age [SGA], n = 34; appropriate for gestational age [AGA], n. = 60; large for gestational age [LGA], n = 32); cord blood CTRP3 levels were measured, and fetal growth parameters were collected. Results: Median (25-75th percentile) CTRP3 levels in the SGA, AGA, and LGA groups were 297.2 (236.4-360.2), 297.5 (261.0-369.9), and 368.6 (298.5-507.1) ng/ml, respectively (P = 0.01). LGA infants had higher CTRP3 levels than AGA infants (multiple linear regression analysis; P = 0.01). The CTRP3 levels were positively correlated with birth weight (r = 0.25, P. <. 0.01), Ponderal index (r = 0.28, P <. 0.01), and placental weight (r = 0.20, P = 0.03) in the total study population. In the subgroup analysis, CTRP3 levels were negatively correlated with birth length z scores (r = - 0.39, P = 0.03) and were positively correlated with the Ponderal index (r = 0.43, P = 0.02) only in the SGA group; no other significant correlations were observed. The CTRP3 levels were similar between the sexes (P = NS). Conclusions: CTRP3 is present in cord blood and might be involved in fetal growth. © 2015 Elsevier B.V.
Plasma adiponectin and depressive symptoms during pregnancy and the postpartum period: A prospective cohort study; Background Some authors have described an inverse association between adiponectin and depression, but this association has not yet been investigated during the perinatal period. Objective To evaluate the association between the plasma adiponectin levels and symptoms of depression in women from early pregnancy to 30-45 days postpartum. Methods A prospective cohort of 235 women was analyzed, with four waves of follow-up: 5-13th, 22-26th, and 30-36th gestational weeks and 30-45 days postpartum. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS; cutoff ≥11). The plasma adiponectin concentrations were measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The statistical analyses included linear mixed effects regressions to model the association between these time-dependent variables. Results The prevalence of depressive symptoms was 35.5%, 22.8%, 21.8%, and 16.9% and the median (μg/mL) adiponectin levels were 4.8, 4.7, 4.4, and 7.5 in the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd trimesters and the postpartum period, respectively. Women who remained non-depressed throughout the study tended to have higher values of adiponectin throughout pregnancy and the postpartum period compared to those who had depressive symptoms at least once, but this difference was not statistically significant (β=-0.14; p=0.071). There was no statistically significant association between the plasma adiponectin levels and the EPDS scores in the multiple model (β=-0.07; p=0.320). Limitations Losses to follow-up, different procedures for the blood draws at the prenatal and postpartum visits, and the presence of a nested clinical trial with omega-3 supplementation. Conclusion The plasma adiponectin levels were not associated with depressive symptoms during the perinatal period. © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Early nutrition and lifestyle factors: Effects on first trimester placenta; This book highlights the impact of nutrients on early placentation processes and their relevance for fetal growth and pregnancy outcome. The role of maternal nutrition on fetal growth and development has been evidenced in many epidemiological studies that included infamous Dutch famine, Helsinki Birth cohort and others. Fetal programming hypothesis states that the nutritional and other environmental conditions under which an individual develops from pre-conception to birth has a major impact on the future health of the newborn child. The developmental environment of the fetus is primarily dependent on two major factors that are maternal nutritional state (excess/low/imbalance) and placental function. Placentation is characterized by the extensive remodeling of the maternal uterine vasculature producing low-resistance blood vessels that facilitate the exchange of nutrients and wastes between the mother and the fetus. Cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in human placental blood vessel formation, which are now well established, are discussed. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.
Diabetes insipidus during pregnancy; Diabetes insipidus (DI) in pregnancy is a heterogeneous syndrome, most classically presenting with polyuria and polydipsia that can complicate approximately 1 in 30,000 pregnancies. The presentation can involve exacerbation of central or nephrogenic DI during pregnancy, which may have been either overt or subclinical prior to pregnancy. Women without preexisting DI can also be affected by the actions of placental vasopressinase which increases in activity between the 4th and 38th weeks of gestation, leading to accelerated metabolism of AVP and causing a transient form of DI of pregnancy. This type of DI may be associated with certain complications during pregnancy and delivery, such as preeclampsia. Management of DI of pregnancy depends on the pathophysiology of the disease; forms of DI that lack AVP can be treated with desmopressin (DDAVP), while forms of DI that involve resistance to AVP require evaluation of the underlying causes. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Role of omentin and chemerin in metabolic syndrome and tumor diseases; For the past few years adipokines have been a center of appreciation and interest. They are biologically active molecules causing pleiotropic effects. They assist in angiogenesis, adipose tissue metabolism and inflammation, and modulate tissue sensitivity for insulin. Adipokines are produced in adipose tissue, so an abnormal quantity of this tissue leads to impaired levels of these factors. Because of their different concentrations in various conditions, it would be plausible to use them as markers for individual conditions, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, pancreatitis, gastric cancer, lung cancer or colon cancer. Such adipokines as leptin, resistin, visfatin, adiponectin, and apelin are subjects of research. In our study we focused on the function and significance of chemerin and omentin in metabolic syndrome and cancers. In type 2 diabetes mellitus, both chemerin and omentin enhance the body sensitivity to insulin, which results in increased glucose uptake. However, in diabetic patients, serum concentration of omentin decreases, while that of chemerin increases. A similar trend was observed in obese patients. As a cancer marker, chemerin turned out to be helpful in diagnosis of gastric cancer, mesothelioma, and polycystic ovary syndrome, which can lead to endometrial cancer. An elevated concentration of omentin was noted in colon cancer, and increased expression of the omentin gene was reported in nasal polyps and mesothelioma.
Obesity and colorectal cancer: Molecular features of adipose tissue; The huge part of population in developed countries is overweight or obese. Obesity is often determined by body mass index (BMI) but new accurate methods and ratios have recently appeared to measure body fat or fat located in the intestines. Early diagnosis of obesity is crucial since it is considered an increasing colorectal cancer risk factor. On the one hand, colorectal cancer has been strongly associated with lifestyle factors. A diet rich in red and processed meats may increase colorectal cancer risk; however, high-fiber diets (grains, cereals and fruits) have been associated with a decreased risk of colorectal cancer. Other life-style factors associated with obesity that also increase colorectal cancer risk are physical inactivity, smoking and high alcohol intake. Cutting-edge studies reported that high-risk transformation ability of adipose tissue is due to production of different pro-inflammatory cytokines like IL-8, IL-6 or IL-2 and other enzymes like lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNFaα). Furthermore, oxidative stress produces fatty-acid peroxidation whose metabolites possess very high toxicities and mutagenic properties. 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (4-HNE) is an active compounds that upregulates prostaglandin E2 which is directly associated with high proliferative colorectal cancer. Moreover, 4-HNE deregulates cell proliferation, cell survival, differentiation, autophagy, senescence, apoptosis and necrosis via mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PIK3CA)-AKT and protein kinase C pathways. Other product of lipid peroxidation is malondialdehyde (MDA) being able to regulate insulin through WNT-pathway as well as having demonstrated its mutagenic capability. Accumulation of point mutation enables genomic evolution of colorectal cancer described in the model of Fearon and Vogelstein. In this review, we will summarize different determination methods and techniques to assess a truthfully diagnosis and we will explain some of the capabilities that performs adipocytes as the largest endocrine organ. © 2016 Martinez-Useros and Garcia-Foncillas.
Effect of ω-3 supplementation on placental lipid metabolism in overweight and obese women; Background: The placentas of obese women accumulate lipids that may alter fetal lipid exposure. The long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) alter FA metabolism in hepatocytes, although their effect on the placenta is poorly understood. Objective: We aimed to investigate whether n-3 supplementation during pregnancy affects lipid metabolism in the placentas of overweight and obese women at term. Design: A secondary analysis of a double-blind randomized controlled trial was conducted in healthy overweight and obese pregnant women who were randomly assigned to DHA plus EPA (2 g/d) or placebo twice a day from early pregnancy to term. Placental FA uptake, esterification, and oxidation pathways were studied by measuring the expression of key genes in the placental tissue of women supplemented with placebo and n-3 and in vitro in isolated trophoblast cells in response to DHA and EPA treatment. Results: Total lipid content was significantly lower in the placentas of overweight and obese women supplemented with n-3 FAs than in those supplemented with placebo (14.14 ± 1.03 compared with 19.63 ± 1.45 mg lipid/g tissue; P < 0.05). The messenger RNA expression of placental FA synthase (FAS) and diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 1 (DGAT1) was negatively correlated with maternal plasma enrichment in DHA and EPA (P < 0.05). The expression of placental peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor g (r = 20.39, P = 0.04) and its target genes DGAT1 (r = 20.37, P = 0.02) and PLIN2 (r = 20.38, P = 0.04) significantly decreased, with an increasing maternal n-3: n-6 ratio (representing the n-3 status) near the end of pregnancy. The expression of genes that regulate FA oxidation or uptake was not changed. Birth weight and length were significantly higher in the offspring of n-3-supplemented women than in those in the placebo group (P < 0.05), but no differences in the ponderal index were observed. Supplementation of n-3 significantly decreased FA esterification in isolated trophoblasts without affecting FA oxidation. Conclusion: Supplementing overweight and obese women with n-3 FAs during pregnancy inhibited the ability of the placenta to esterify and store lipids. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00957476. © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Diabetes in the Cohen Rat Intensifies the Fetal Pancreatic Damage Induced by the Diabetogenic High Sucrose Low Copper Diet; Intrauterine hyperglycemic environment could harm the fetus making it more susceptible to develop postnatal glucose intolerance. A possible mechanism is compromise of the fetal pancreatic development. We previously found that a high sucrose low copper diabetogenic diet induces type 2 diabetes in the Cohen diabetic sensitive rats, but not in the Sabra control rats. However, oxidative stress was observed in the placenta and term fetal liver of diabetic and nondiabetic controls. We now investigated whether the fetal pancreas is affected by this diet and whether the effects result from oxidative stress, maternal hyperglycemia, or both. Term fetal pancreases were evaluated for morphology, beta cells, oxidative stress, apoptosis, and DNA methylation. There were no microscopic changes in hematoxylin and eosin stained sections and beta cells immunostaining in the pancreas of fetuses of both strains. Fetuses of the sensitive strain fed diabetogenic diet had significantly higher activity of superoxide dismutase and catalase, elevated levels of low molecular weight antioxidants, and more intense immunostaining for nuclear factor kappa-B and hypoxia inducing factor-1α. Both strains fed diabetogenic diet had increased immunostaining for Bcl-2-like protein and caspase 3 and decreased immunostaining for 5-methylcytosine in their islets and acini. Our data suggest that maternal diabetogenic diet alters apoptotic rate and epigenetic steady states in the term fetal pancreas, unrelated to maternal diabetes. Maternal hyperglycemia further increases pancreatic oxidative stress, aggravating the pancreatic damage. The diet-induced insults to the fetal pancreas may be an important contributor to the high susceptibility to develop diabetes following metabolic intrauterine insults. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The relationships of irisin with bone mineral density and body composition in PCOS patients; Objective: Our study aims to assay the irisin level and investigate the relationships of irisin level with body mass index (BMI), body composition and bone metabolism in the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and control women. Methods: Fifty two PCOS and 39 control women were recruited. Serum sex hormone, fasting insulin and C-peptide were tested. Fasting serum irisin and adiponectin were measured with enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Body composition and bone mineral density were assayed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Results: Polycystic ovary syndrome women showed different body compositions compared with controls. Serum irisin level of PCOS did not show significant difference compared with controls although it was decreased. The level of adiponectin in PCOS patients was significantly reduced. BMI had no correlation with irisin level. It indicated a positive correlation between serum irisin levels and bone mineral density in the control group and a negative correlation in the PCOS group after BMI and age adjusted. Furthermore, total lean mass has a significant effect on irisin concentration in the PCOS group. There are no correlations between adiponection and body compositions and bone mineral density in both groups. Conclusions: The abnormal body composition in PCOS may contribute to the circulation irisin. The crosstalk of irisin in different organs was found and may be related to disease development in PCOS. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A randomized clinical trial; Background & Aims: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie-restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52-55% carbohydrates, 16-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
The effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on weight and body composition in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Background: Dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet is rich in foods that are proposed to be inversely associated with obesity. Therefore, DASH might better affect body weight; however, published data are conflicting. Objective: To assess the effect of DASH on body weight and composition in adults. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus and Google scholar were searched up to December 2015, for relevant randomized controlled clinical trials. Mean changes in body weight, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) were extracted. Results: Thirteen articles (ten for body weight, six for BMI and two for WC) were eligible. Meta-analysis revealed that adults on DASH diet lose more weight (weighted mean difference [WMD]=-1.42kg, 95% confidence interval [95%CI]: -2.03, -0.82) in 8-24weeks, BMI (WMD=-0.42 kgm-2, 95%CI: -0.64, -0.20) in 8-52 weeks and WC (WMD=-1.05 cm, 95%CI: -1.61, -0.49) in 24 weeks compared with controls. Low caloric DASH led to even more weight reduction when compared with other low-energy diets. In addition, the effect was greater in overweight/obese participants and when compared with typical (Western or population's usual) diets. Conclusion: DASH diet is a good choice for weight management particularly for weight reduction in overweight and obese participants. © 2016 World Obesity.
Circadian rhythm and sleep disruption: Causes, metabolic consequences, and countermeasures; Circadian (~24-hour) timing systems pervade all kingdoms of life and temporally optimize behavior and physiology in humans. Relatively recent changes to our environments, such as the introduction of artificial lighting, can disorganize the circadian system, from the level of the molecular clocks that regulate the timing of cellular activities to the level of synchronizationbetweenour daily cycles of behaviorandthe solar day. Sleep/wake cycles are intertwined with the circadian system, and global trends indicate that these, too, are increasingly subject to disruption. A large proportion of the world's population is at increased risk of environmentally driven circadian rhythm and sleep disruption, and a minority of individuals are also genetically predisposed to circadian misalignment and sleep disorders. The consequences of disruption to the circadian system and sleep are profound and include myriad metabolic ramifications, some of which may be compounded by adverse effects on dietary choices. If not addressed, the deleterious effects of such disruption will continue to cause widespread health problems; therefore,implementationofthenumerousbehavioralandpharmaceuticalinterventions thatcanhelprestore circadian system alignment and enhance sleep will be important. © 2016 by the Endocrine Society.
Porth pathophysiology: Concepts of altered health states: Second Canadian edition; The Canadian edition of Porth Pathophysiology: Concepts of Altered Health States, 2e is the only core advanced level Pathophysiology text specifically developed for the Canadian undergraduate nursing and health professions students. Pediatric, geriatric, and pregnancy deviations are integrated throughout and highlighted with icons for easy identification. Unparalleled coverage of disease processes makes this text the most comprehensive pathophysiology text available. Features of this Canadian edition include: • NEW animations to strengthen student understanding of key concepts • NEW Case Studies • NEW Review exercises at the end of each chapter to reinforce understanding of chapter content • NEW Canadian content: • Healthcare statistics regarding incidence • Cultural variations, with a focus on native population and largest immigrant populations • Research and researchers • Treatment and protocols and guidelines • Updated and revised full-color art program that illustrates the clinical manifestations of diseases and disease processes • Consistent presentations of each disease with pathophysiology, clinical manifestations, and evaluation and treatment help students find the information you need quickly and easily • Tools designed to help students succeed on the NCLEX. © 2017 Wolters Kluwer. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Genetic determinants of pig birth weight variability; Background: Piglet birth weight variability, a trait also known as the within-litter homogeneity of birth weight, reflects the sow's prolificacy, because it is positively genetically correlated with preweaning mortality but negatively correlated with the mean growth of piglets during sucking. In addition, the maternal additive genetic variance and heritability has been found exist for this trait, thus, reduction in the variability of piglet birth weight to improve the sow prolificacy is possible by selective breeding. Results: We performed a genome wide association study (GWAS) in 82 sows with extreme standard deviation of birth weights within the first parity to identify significant SNPs, and finally 266 genome-wide significant SNPs (p < 0.01) were identified. These SNPs were mainly enriched on chromosome 7, 1, 13, 14, 15 and 18. We further scanned genes of the top 50 SNPs with the lowest p values and found some genes involved in plasma glucose homeostasis (GLP1R) and lipid metabolism as well as maternal-fetal lipid transport (AACS, APOB, OSBPL10 and LRP1B) which may contribute to the birth weight variability trait. Conclusions: Birth weight variability trait has a low heritability. It is not easy to get significant signal by GWAS using small sample size. Herein, we identified some candidate chromosome regions especially chromosome 7 and suggested five genes which may provide some information for the further study. © 2016 Wang et al.
The complex metabolism of trimethylamine in humans: Endogenous and exogenous sources; Trimethylamine (TMA) is a tertiary amine with a characteristic fishy odour. It is synthesised from dietary constituents, including choline, L-carnitine, betaine and lecithin by the action of microbial enzymes during both healthy and diseased conditions in humans. Trimethylaminuria (TMAU) is a disease typified by its association with the characteristic fishy odour because of decreased TMA metabolism and excessive TMA excretion. Besides TMAU, a number of other diseases are associated with abnormal levels of TMA, including renal disorders, cancer, obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and neuropsychiatric disorders. Aside from its role in pathobiology, TMA is a precursor of trimethylamine-N-oxide that has been associated with an increased risk of athero-thrombogenesis. Additionally, TMA is a major air pollutant originating from vehicular exhaust, food waste and animal husbandry industry. The adverse effects of TMA need to be monitored given its ubiquitous presence in air and easy absorption through human skin. In this review, we highlight multifaceted attributes of TMA with an emphasis on its physiological, pathological and environmental impacts. We propose a clinical surveillance of human TMA levels that can fully assess its role as a potential marker of microbial dysbiosis-based diseases. © Cambridge University Press, 2016.
Metformin stimulates IGFBP-2 gene expression through PPARalpha in diabetic states; The anti-diabetic drug, metformin, exerts its action through AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), and Sirtuin (Sirt1) signaling. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2) prevents IGF-1 binding to its receptors, thereby contributing to modulate insulin sensitivity. In this study, we demonstrate that metformin upregulates Igfbp-2 expression through the AMPK-Sirt1-PPARα cascade pathway. In the liver of high fat diet, ob/ob, and db/db mice, Igfbp-2 expression was significantly decreased compared to the expression levels in the wild-type mice (p 0.05). Upregulation of Igfbp-2 expression by metformin administration was disrupted by gene silencing of Ampk and Sirt1, and this phenomenon was not observed in Pparα-null mice. Notably, activation of IGF-1 receptor (IGF-1R)-dependent signaling by IGF-1 was inhibited by metformin. Finally, when compared to untreated type 2 diabetes patients, the metformin-treated diabetic patients showed increased IGFBP-2 levels with diminished serum IGF-1 levels. Taken together, these findings indicate that IGFBP-2 might be a new target of metformin action in diabetes and the metformin-AMPK-Sirt1-PPARα-IGFBP-2 network may provide a novel pathway that could be applied to ameliorate metabolic syndromes by controlling IGF-1 bioavailability.
Oral Microbiome: Contributions to Local and Systemic Infections; The recent revolution of diagnostic methods emphasizing non-culture techniques has redefined the oral microbiota, its “Dual Citizenship”, recognizing oral flora inhabitants of eight dispersed locations are colonized by over 700 species, equal in bacteria (16S) and fungi (18S). Either prefers the attached biofilm phenotype, biotic or abiotic surfaces, its extra polymeric substance (EPS) protected environment promoting horizontal gene transfer (HGT), and gene amplified resistance. The biofilm growth pattern mimics that of solid tumors and a four-stage lifestyle (I–IV) catalyzing the term biotumor, emphasizing dispersal via metastasis. The molecular methods are now multitiered system platforms employing: PCR, mass spectrometry, fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH), highlighted by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF), and IBIS or microarray gene sequencing providing inexpensive rapid results complementing the Human Genome Project unmasking a rich, diverse oral microbiota and mycobiota. The emerging head-neck oral diseases now emphasize medical devices [endotracheal tube (ETT) and voice boxes], dentures, and links with cognition [Alzheimer’s disease (AD)] and NOMA, while systemic manifestations highlight extra oral communications via inflammation, microbial presence (metastasis), or both, recently consolidated by the new Yin Yang hypothesis. These migrating oral microbiota-associated diseases include rheumatoid arthritis (RA), perio-arthritis, child-mother birth issues [adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO)], gestational diabetes (GDM), and liver consequences [non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)/non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)], all inter-related using a four-quadrant microbial clock. New interventions employ the disarm/replace hypothesis, avoiding “kill” focusing on therapeutic bacteria (probiotics), recognizing untoured consequences of antibiotics, and a need for a balanced oral microbiota. Most importantly is the recognition that the disconnect between dentistry and medicine is no longer tenable, and oral health and systemic health are integrated by the human oral microbiota, which is part of the host Dual Citizenship. © 2016, Springer International Publishing AG.
The Epidemiology of Liver Diseases Unique to Pregnancy in a US Community: A Population-Based Study; Background & Aims: Little is known in the United States about the epidemiology of liver diseases that develop only during (are unique to) pregnancy. We investigated the incidence of liver diseases unique to pregnancy in Olmsted County, Minnesota, and long-term maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods: We identified 247 women with liver diseases unique to pregnancy from 1996 through 2010 using the Rochester Epidemiology Project database. The crude incidence rate was calculated by the number of liver disease cases divided by 35,101 pregnancies. Results: Of pregnant women with liver diseases, 134 had preeclampsia with liver dysfunction, 72 had hemolysis-associated increased levels of liver enzymes and low-platelet (HELLP) syndrome, 26 had intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, 14 had hyperemesis gravidarum with abnormal liver enzymes, and 1 had acute fatty liver of pregnancy. The crude incidence of liver diseases unique to pregnancy was 0.77%. Outcomes were worse among women with HELLP or preeclampsia than the other disorders-of women with HELLP, 70% had a premature delivery, 4% had abruptio placentae, 3% had acute kidney injury, and 3% had infant death. Of women with preeclampsia, 56.0% had a premature delivery, 4% had abruptio placentae, 3% had acute kidney injury, and 0.7% had infant death. After 7 median years of follow-up (range, 0-18 years), 14% of the women developed recurrent liver disease unique to pregnancy; the proportions were highest in women with initial hyperemesis gravidarum (36%) or intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (35%). Women with preeclampsia were more likely to develop subsequent hepatobiliary diseases. Conclusions: We found the incidence of liver disease unique to pregnancy in Olmsted County, Minnesota, to be lower than that reported from Europe or US tertiary referral centers. Maternal and fetal outcomes in Olmsted County were better than those reported from other studies, but fetal mortality was still high (0.7%-3.0%). Women with preeclampsia or HELLP are at higher risk for peripartum complications and subsequent development of comorbidities. © 2016 AGA Institute.
Newborn Urinary Metabolic Signatures of Prematurity and Other Disorders: A Case Control Study; This work assesses the urinary metabolite signature of prematurity in newborns by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy, while establishing the role of possible confounders and signature specificity, through comparison to other disorders. Gender and delivery mode are shown to impact importantly on newborn urine composition, their analysis pointing out at specific metabolite variations requiring consideration in unmatched subject groups. Premature newborns are, however, characterized by a stronger signature of varying metabolites, suggestive of disturbances in nucleotide metabolism, lung surfactants biosynthesis and renal function, along with enhancement of tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle activity, fatty acids oxidation, and oxidative stress. Comparison with other abnormal conditions (respiratory depression episode, large for gestational age, malformations, jaundice and premature rupture of membranes) reveals that such signature seems to be largely specific of preterm newborns, showing that NMR metabolomics can retrieve particular disorder effects, as well as general stress effects. These results provide valuable novel information on the metabolic impact of prematurity, contributing to the better understanding of its effects on the newborn's state of health. © 2015 American Chemical Society.
Serum betatrophin level increased in subjects with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Betatrophin is a novel adipokine/hepatokine that promotes pancreatic β-cell proliferation and regulates lipid metabolism. Aims: This study is to evaluate the role of serum betatrophin in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: A hospital-based age-/gender-/Body Mass Index-matched case-control study of 194 subjects was conducted in Hangzhou, China. Serum level of Betatrophin was measured and validated by enzymelinked immunosorbent assay and western blotting. The serum levels of 12 adipokines were evaluated by commercial Adipokine Magnetic Bead Panel kits. Statistical analyses included receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, bivariate correlation, and multivariate stepwise linear regression. Results: Serum Betatrophin witnessed a higher level in NAFLD patients (1094.98 ± 541.31 pg/mL, P < 0.001), compared with controls (730.03 ± 431.10 pg/mL). Compared with the lowest tertile of serum Betatrophin level, the highest tertile indicated an association with higher odds of NAFLD (adjusted Odds Ratio = 2.012, 95% Confidence interval [CI] [1.285-3.148], P = 0.002). ROC curve of Betatrophin was developed to predict the presence of NAFLD (Area under ROC = 0.702 [95% CI 0.628-0.777t, P < 0.001). Furthermore, Betatrophin correlated with several parameters, including age, Waist-to-hip ratio, Fasting plasma glucose, Haemoglobin A1C, Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and Fasting C Peptide, and various adipokines, including Resistin, Interleukin-8, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Conclusions: Serum Betatrophin level increased in subjects with NAFLD and was associate with parameters of β-cell function and inflammation. © 2016, E-Century Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved.
A novel peptide adropin in cardiovascular diseases; Cardiovascular diseases, such as atherosclerosis and hypertension, are the major cause of mortality and morbidity in the world. Adropin was first discovered in 2008 by Kumar and his coworkers. Adropin, encoded by the Energy Homeostasis Associated gene, is expressed in many tissues and organs, such as pancreatic tissue, liver, brain, kidney, endocardium, myocardium, and epicardium. In this review, we have summarized recent data suggesting the roles of adropin in several major cardiovascular diseases. Increasing evidence suggests that adropin is a potential regulator of cardiovascular functions and plays a protective role in the pathogenesis and development of cardiovascular diseases. However, further studies are needed to elucidate the specific mechanisms underlying the association between adropin and cardiovascular diseases. © 2015 Elsevier B.V..
Effects of choline on DNA methylation and macronutrient metabolic gene expression in in vitro models of hyperglycemia; Choline is an essential nutrient that plays an important role in lipid metabolism and DNA methylation. Studies in rodents suggest that choline may adversely affect glycemic control, yet studies in humans are lacking. Using the human hepatic and placental cells, HepG2 and BeWo, respectively, we examined the interaction between choline and glucose treatments. In HepG2 cells, choline supplementation (1 mM) increased global DNA methylation and DNA methyltransferase expression in both low-glucose (5 mM) and high-glucose (35 mM) conditions. Choline supplementation increased the expression of peroxisomal acyl-coenzyme A oxidase 1 (ACOX1), which mediates fatty acid β-oxidation, especially in the high-glucose condition. Highglucose exposure increased the transcription of the gluconeogenic gene phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK), while choline supplementation mitigated such increase. Compared to HepG2 cells, the placenta-derived BeWo cells were relatively unresponsive to either high-glucose or -choline treatment. In conclusion, choline and glucose interacted to affect macronutrient metabolic genes, yet there was no indication that choline may worsen glycemic control in these in vitro human cell culture models. © the authors, publisher and licensee Libertas Academica Limited.
Recent advances of miRNAs in adipose tissues; microRNAs (miRNAs), a class of endogenous non-coding RNA about 22 nucleotide long, regulate gene expression at the post-transcription level by inhibiting the translation or inducing the degradation of their target mRNAs in organisms. A lot of studies reveal that miRNAs in adipose tissues are involved in adipocyte differentiation and lipid metabolism and modulated by multiple transcription factors, adipocytokines and environmental factors, which form a complex regulatory network maintaining the homeostasis of adipose tissues. The discovery of circulating miRNAs adds new elements to the regulatory network. To study the metabolic diseases such as obesity, we should keep a new insight into the complex dynamic network. In this review, we summarize the latest studies of miRNAs in adipose tissues, which might provide new strategies for the treatment of obesity and other related diseases. © 2016 Chin J Biotech, All rights reserved.
Microbial transmission from mothers with obesity or diabetes to infants: an innovative opportunity to interrupt a vicious cycle; Maternal obesity and diabetes dramatically increase the long-term risk for obesity in the next generation, and pregnancy and lactation may be critical periods at which to aim primary prevention to break the obesity cycle. It is becoming increasingly clear that the gut microbiome in newborns and infants plays a significant role in gut health and therefore child development. Alteration of the early infant gut microbiome has been correlated with the development of childhood obesity and autoimmune conditions, including asthma, allergies and, more recently, type 1 diabetes. This is likely to be due to complex interactions between mode of delivery, antibiotic use, maternal diet, components of breastfeeding and a network of regulatory events involving both the innate and adaptive immune systems within the infant host. Each of these factors are critical for informing microbiome development and can affect immune signalling, toxin release and metabolic signals, including short-chain fatty acids and bile acids, that regulate appetite, metabolism and inflammation. In several randomised controlled trials, probiotics have been administered with the aim of targeting the microbiome during pregnancy to improve maternal and infant health but the findings have often been confounded by mode of delivery, antibiotic use, ethnicity, infant sex, maternal health and length of exposure. Understanding how nutritional exposure, including breast milk, affects the assembly and development of both maternal and infant microbial communities may help to identify targeted interventions during pregnancy and in infants born to mothers with obesity or diabetes to slow the transmission of obesity risk to the next generation. The aim of this review is to discuss influences on infant microbiota colonisation and the mechanism(s) underlying how alterations due to maternal obesity and diabetes may lead to increased risk of childhood obesity. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Effect of dry period dietary energy level in dairy cattle on volume, concentrations of immunoglobulin G, insulin, and fatty acid composition of colostrum; The objective was to investigate the effect of different dry cow feeding strategies on the volume, concentration of IgG and insulin, as well as fatty acid composition of colostrum. Our hypothesis was that different dry period diets formulated to resemble current feeding practices on commercial dairy farms and differing in plane of energy would have an effect on IgG and insulin concentration, as well as composition of fatty acid of colostrum. Animals (n = 84) entering parity 2 or greater were dried off 57 d before expected parturition and fed either a diet formulated to meet, but not greatly exceed energy requirements throughout the dry period (CON), or a higher energy density diet, supplying approximately 150% of energy requirements (HI). A third group received the same diet as group CON from dry-off until 29 d before expected parturition. After this time point, from 28 d before expected parturition until calving, they received a diet formulated to supply approximately 125% of energy requirements (I-med). Concentration of IgG and insulin in colostrum were measured by radial immunodiffusion and RIA, respectively. Composition of fatty acids was determined by gas-liquid chromatography. The IgG concentration was highest in colostrum of cows in group CON [96.1 (95% CI: 83.3-108.9) g/L] and lowest in group HI [72.4 (60.3-84.5) g/L], whereas insulin concentration was highest in group HI [1,105 (960-1,250) μU/mL] and lowest in group CON [853 (700-1,007) μU/mL]. Colostrum yield did not differ between treatments and was 5.9 (4.5-7.4), 7.0 (5.6-8.4), and 7.3 (5.9-8.7) kg in groups CON, I-med, and HI, respectively. A multivariable linear regression model showed the effect of dietary treatment group on IgG concentration was independent of the effect of dry matter. Cows in groups CON, I-med, and HI had an average colostral fat percentage of 5.0 (4.1-5.9), 5.6 (4.8-6.4), and 6.0 (5.2-6.8) and an average fat yield of 289 (196-380), 406 (318-495), and 384 (295-473) g, respectively. Colostrum of cows fed to exceed predicted energy requirements during the last 4 wk of the dry period (groups I-med and HI) exhibited a higher concentration and yield of de novo fatty acid and lower concentrations but similar yield of preformed fatty acid compared with cows in group CON. Feeding a controlled energy diet during the dry period increased colostral IgG concentration in this study, whereas overall colostrum yield was not affected. Exceeding energy requirements during the period of colostrogenesis led to higher concentrations of insulin and de novo fatty acid in colostrum. © 2016 American Dairy Science Association.
Biomarkers of Metabolic Syndrome: Biochemical Background and Clinical Significance; Biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome are divided into four subgroups. Although dividing them in groups has some limitations, it can be used to draw some conclusions. In a first part, the dyslipidemias and markers of oxidative stress are discussed, while inflammatory markers and cardiometabolic biomarkers are reviewed in a second part. For most of them, the biochemical background and clinical significance are discussed, although here also a well-cut separation cannot always be made. Altered levels cannot always be claimed as the cause, risk, or consequence of the syndrome. Several factors are interrelated to each other and act in a concerted, antagonistic, synergistic, or modulating way. Most important conclusions are summarized at the end of every reviewed subgroup. Genetic biomarkers or influences of various food components on concentration levels are not included in this review article. © 2016 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
GC gene polymorphism and unbound serum retinol-binding protein 4 are related to the risk of insulin resistance in patients with chronic hepatitis c: A prospective cross-sectional study; Insulin resistance (IR) is found in chronic hepatitis C (CHC) more frequently than in other chronic liver diseases. Prospective cross-sectional study to evaluate a wide multitest panel to identify factors related with IR in CHC and their possible interactions. In 76 patients with CHC we performed a series of routine laboratory analysis as well as specifically designed serum biochemical tests [retinol, retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), 25-OH vitamin D, Vitamin E, lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and cystatin C]. The single nucleotide polymorphisms rs7041 and rs4588 GC-DBP (group-specific component-Vitamin D-binding protein), rs738409 PNPLA3 (patatin-like phospholipase domain containing 3), and rs12979860 IL28B (interleukin-28 B) genes were determined. Insulin sensitivity was established with the HOMA-IR and IR was diagnosed when HOMA-IR>3. Fibrosis staging was assessed with liver biopsy or transient elastography. After backward logistic regression analysis, independent variables associated with IR were Gc1s/Gc1s DBP phenotype, that results from the homozygous carriage of the rs7041G/rs4588Chaplotype (P=0.033); low retinol/RBP4 ratio, reflecting a greater rate of unboundRBP4 (P=0.005); older age (P=0.01); high serum tryglicerides (P=0.026); and advanced (F3-F4) fibrosis stage. The AUROC provided by the multivariate model was 0.950 (95% CI=0.906-0.993). In addition to previously known ones, the Gc1s/Gc1s phenotype variant of DBP and the unbound fraction of plasma RBP4 may be considered as factors related with the incidence, and possibly the risk, of IR in CHC patients. Copyright © 2016 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic Effects of Simple Phenolic Acids: A Comprehensive Review; Diabetes mellitus (DM) has become a major public health threat across the globe. Current antidiabetic therapies are based on synthetic drugs that very often have side effects. It has been widely acknowledged that diet plays an important role in the management of diabetes. Phenolic acids are widely found in daily foods such as fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, and wine and they provide biological, medicinal, and health properties. Simple phenolic acids have been shown to increase glucose uptake and glycogen synthesis, improve glucose and lipid profiles of certain diseases (obesity, cardiovascular diseases, DM, and its complication). The current review is an attempt to list out the antidiabetic effects of simple phenolic acids from medicinal plants and botanical foods. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The deep correlation between energy metabolism and reproduction: A view on the effects of nutrition for women fertility; In female mammals, mechanisms have been developed, throughout evolution, to integrate environmental, nutritional and hormonal cues in order to guarantee reproduction in favorable energetic conditions and to inhibit it in case of food scarcity. This metabolic strategy could be an advantage in nutritionally poor environments, but nowadays is affecting women’s health. The unlimited availability of nutrients, in association with reduced energy expenditure, leads to alterations in many metabolic pathways and to impairments in the finely tuned inter-relation between energy metabolism and reproduction, thereby affecting female fertility. Many energetic states could influence female reproductive health being under- and over-weight, obesity and strenuous physical activity are all conditions that alter the profiles of specific hormones, such as insulin and adipokines, thus impairing women fertility. Furthermore, specific classes of nutrients might affect female fertility by acting on particular signaling pathways. Dietary fatty acids, carbohydrates, proteins and food-associated components (such as endocrine disruptors) have per se physiological activities and their unbalanced intake, both in quantitative and qualitative terms, might impair metabolic homeostasis and fertility in premenopausal women. Even though we are far from identifying a “fertility diet”, lifestyle and dietary interventions might represent a promising and invaluable strategy to manage infertility in premenopausal women. © 2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Serum betatrophin level increased in subjects with metabolic syndrome: A case-control study; Background: Betatrophin is a novel adipokine that provokes pancreatic β-cell proliferation and is involved in lipid metabolism. Aims: This study aims to evaluate the role of serum betatrophin in metabolic syndrome (MetS). Methods: A hospital-based, age-/gender-matched case control study was conducted. The serum betatrophin level was evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Serum concentrations of 12 adipokines were measured to assess their associations with serum betatrophin, using commercial Adipokine Magnetic Bead Panel kits. Statistical analyses included bivariate correlation, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and multivariate stepwise linear regression. Results: Serum betatrophin showed a higher level in MetS patients (997.36 ± 475.92 pg/ml, p = 0.001) compared with controls (735.35 ± 526.51 pg/ml). Compared with the lowest tertile, the highest tertile of serum betatrophin level indicated an association with higher risk of MetS (adjusted odds ratio = 3.521, 95% confidence interval [CI] [1.191-10.413], p = 0.023). ROC curve of betatrophin was developed to predict the presence of MetS (area under ROC = 0.682 [95% CI, 0.597-0.767], p < 0.001). Furthermore, betatrophin correlated with several parameters, e.g. age (r = 0.286, p < 0.001), body mass index (r = 0.160, p = 0.046), waist-to-hip ratio (r = 0.241, p = 0.002), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r =-0.167, p = 0.037), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r =-0.195, p = 0.015), fasting plasma glucose (r = 0.266, p = 0.001), hemoglobin A1C (r = 0.314, p < 0.001), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (r = 0.272, p = 0.001), and various adipokines, e.g. resistin (r = 0.571, p < 0.001), interleukin-8 (r = 0.435, p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-α (r = 0.295, p = 0.011) and lipocalin-2 (r = 0.346, p = 0.003). Conclusions: This study supports that serum betatrophin plays an important role in MetS, involving the regulations of glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation. © 2016, ARAN Ediciones S.A.. All rights reserved.
Regulation of liver development: Implications for liver biology across the lifespan; The liver serves a spectrum of essential metabolic and synthetic functions that are required for the transition from fetal to postnatal life. Processes essential to the attainment of adequate liver mass and function during fetal life include cell lineage specification early in development, enzymic and other functional modes of differentiation throughout gestation, and ongoing cell proliferation to achieve adequate liver mass. Available data in laboratory rodents indicate that the signaling networks governing these processes in the fetus differ from those that can sustain liver function and mass in the adult. More specifically, fetal hepatocytes may develop independent of key mitogenic signaling pathways, including those involving the Erk mitogenactivated protein kinases MAPK1/3 and the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR). In addition, the fetal liver is subject to environmental influences that, through epigenetic mechanisms, can have sustained effects on function and, by extension, contribute to the developmental origin of adult metabolic disease. Finally, the mitogen-independent phenotype of rat fetal hepatocytes in late gestation makes these cells suitable for cellbased therapy of liver injury. In the aggregate, studies on the mechanisms governing fetal liver development have implications not only for the perinatal metabolic transition but also for the prevention and treatment of liver disorders throughout the lifespan. © 2016 Society for Endocrinology.
Diet-induced and mono-genetic obesity alter volatile organic compound signature in mice; The prevalence of obesity is still rising in many countries, resulting in an increased risk of associated metabolic diseases. In this study we aimed to describe the volatile organic compound (VOC) patterns symptomatic for obesity. We analyzed high fat diet (HFD) induced obese and mono-genetic obese mice (global knock-in mutation in melanocortin-4 receptor MC4R-ki). The source strengths of 208 VOCs were analyzed in ad libitum fed mice and after overnight food restriction. Volatiles relevant for a random forest-based separation of obese mice were detected (26 in MC4R-ki, 22 in HFD mice). Eight volatiles were found to be important in both obesity models. Interestingly, by creating a partial correlation network of the volatile metabolites, the chemical and metabolic origins of several volatiles were identified. HFD-induced obese mice showed an elevation in the ketone body acetone and acrolein, a marker of lipid peroxidation, and several unidentified volatiles. In MC4R-ki mice, several yet-unidentified VOCs were found to be altered. Remarkably, the pheromone (methylthio)methanethiol was found to be reduced, linking metabolic dysfunction and reproduction. The signature of volatile metabolites can be instrumental in identifying and monitoring metabolic disease states, as shown in the screening of the two obese mouse models in this study. Our findings show the potential of breath gas analysis to non-invasively assess metabolic alterations for personalized diagnosis. © 2016 IOP Publishing Ltd.
Diabetic and nondiabetic patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease have an impaired incretin effect and fasting hyperglucagonaemia; Objective: We evaluated whether patients with histologically verified nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have an impaired incretin effect and hyperglucagonaemia. Methods: Four groups matched for age, sex and body mass index were studied: (i) 10 patients with normal glucose tolerance and NAFLD; (ii) 10 patients with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD; (iii) eight patients with type 2 diabetes and no liver disease; and (iv) 10 controls. All participants underwent a 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and an isoglycaemic intravenous glucose infusion (IIGI). We determined the incretin effect by relating the beta cell secretory responses during the OGTT and IIGI. Data are presented as medians (interquartile range), and the groups were compared by using the Kruskal-Wallis test. Results: Controls exhibited a higher incretin effect [55% (43-73%)] compared with the remaining three groups (P < 0.001): 39% (44-71%) in the nondiabetic NAFLD patients, 20% (-5-50%) in NAFLD patients with type 2 diabetes, and 2% (-8-6%) in patients with type 2 diabetes and no liver disease. We found fasting hyperglucagonaemia in NAFLD patients with [7.5 pmol L-1 (6.8-15 pmol L-1)] and without diabetes [7.5 pmol L-1 (5.0-8.0 pmol L-1)]. Fasting glucagon levels were lower but similar in patients with type 2 diabetes and no liver disease [4.5 pmol L-1 (3.0-6.0 pmol L-1)] and controls [3.4 pmol L-1 (1.8-6.0 pmol L-1)]. All groups had similar glucagon-like peptide-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide responses. Conclusions: Patients with NAFLD have a reduced incretin effect and fasting hyperglucagonaemia, with the latter occurring independently of glucose (in)tolerance. © 2016 The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine.
Mechanisms for the cardiovascular effects of glucagon-like peptide-1; Over the past three decades, at least 10 hormones secreted by the enteroendocrine cells have been discovered, which directly affect the cardiovascular system through their innate receptors expressed in the heart and blood vessels or through a neural mechanism. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), an important incretin, is perhaps best studied of these gut-derived hormones with important cardiovascular effects. In this review, I have discussed the mechanism of GLP-1 release from the enteroendocrine L-cells and its physiological effects on the cardiovascular system. Current evidence suggests that GLP-1 has positive inotropic and chronotropic effects on the heart and may be important in preserving left ventricular structure and function by direct and indirect mechanisms. The direct effects of GLP-1 in the heart may be mediated through GLP-1R expressed in atria as well as arteries and arterioles in the left ventricle and mainly involve in the activation of multiple pro-survival kinases and enhanced energy utilization. There is also good evidence to support the involvement of a second, yet to be identified, GLP-1 receptor. Further, GLP-1(9-36)amide, which was previously thought to be the inactive metabolite of the active GLP-1(7-36)amide, may also have direct cardioprotective effects. GLP-1's action on GLP-1R expressed in the central nervous system, kidney, vasculature and the pancreas may indirectly contribute to its cardioprotective effects. © 2016 Scandinavian Physiological Society.
New peptides players in metabolic disorders; Among new peptides responsible for the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders and carbohydrate metabolism, adipokines are of great importance. Adipokines are substances of hormonal character, secreted by adipose tissue. Apart from the well-known adipokines, adropin and preptin are relatively newly discovered, hence their function is not fully understood. They are peptides not secreted by adipose tissue but their role in the metabolic regulations seems to be significant. Preptin is a 34-amino acid peptide, a derivative of proinsulin growth factor II (pro-IGF-II), secreted by pancreatic â cells, considered to be a physiological enhancer of insulin secretion. Additionally, preptin has a stimulating effect on osteoblasts, inducing their proliferation, differentiation and survival. Adropin is a 76-amino acid peptide, encoded by the energy homeostasis associated gene (Enho), mainly in liver and brain, and its expression is dependent on a diet. Adropin is believed to play an important role in metabolic homeostasis, fatty acids metabolism control, insulin resistance prevention, dyslipidemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. The results of studies conducted so far show that the diseases resulting from metabolic syndrome, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, or cardiovascular disease are accompanied by significant changes in the concentration of these peptides. It is also important to note that preptin has an anabolic effect on bone tissue, which might be preventive in osteoporosis.
Dietary and Policy Priorities for Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes, and Obesity; Suboptimal nutrition is a leading cause of poor health. Nutrition and policy science have advanced rapidly, creating confusion yet also providing powerful opportunities to reduce the adverse health and economic impacts of poor diets. This review considers the history, new evidence, controversies, and corresponding lessons for modern dietary and policy priorities for cardiovascular diseases, obesity, and diabetes mellitus. Major identified themes include the importance of evaluating the full diversity of diet-related risk pathways, not only blood lipids or obesity; focusing on foods and overall diet patterns, rather than single isolated nutrients; recognizing the complex influences of different foods on long-term weight regulation, rather than simply counting calories; and characterizing and implementing evidence-based strategies, including policy approaches, for lifestyle change. Evidence-informed dietary priorities include increased fruits, nonstarchy vegetables, nuts, legumes, fish, vegetable oils, yogurt, and minimally processed whole grains; and fewer red meats, processed (eg, sodium-preserved) meats, and foods rich in refined grains, starch, added sugars, salt, and trans fat. More investigation is needed on the cardiometabolic effects of phenolics, dairy fat, probiotics, fermentation, coffee, tea, cocoa, eggs, specific vegetable and tropical oils, vitamin D, individual fatty acids, and diet-microbiome interactions. Little evidence to date supports the cardiometabolic relevance of other popular priorities: eg, local, organic, grass-fed, farmed/wild, or non-genetically modified. Evidence-based personalized nutrition appears to depend more on nongenetic characteristics (eg, physical activity, abdominal adiposity, gender, socioeconomic status, culture) than genetic factors. Food choices must be strongly supported by clinical behavior change efforts, health systems reforms, novel technologies, and robust policy strategies targeting economic incentives, schools and workplaces, neighborhood environments, and the food system. Scientific advances provide crucial new insights on optimal targets and best practices to reduce the burdens of diet-related cardiometabolic diseases. © 2016 The Authors.
Specific metabolic profiles and their relationship to insulin resistance in recent-onset type 1 and type 2 diabetes; Context: Insulin resistance reflects the inadequate insulin-mediated use of metabolites and predicts type 2 diabetes (T2D) but is also frequently seen in long-standing type 1 diabetes (T1D) and represents a major cardiovascular risk factor. Objective: We hypothesized that plasma metabolome profiles allow the identification of unique and common early biomarkers of insulin resistance in both diabetes types. Design, Setting, and Patients: Two hundred ninety-five plasma metabolites were analyzed by mass spectrometry from patients of the prospective observational German Diabetes Study with T2D (n = 244) or T1D (n = 127) and known diabetes duration of less than 1 year and glucose-tolerant persons (CON; n = 129). Abundance of metabolites was tested for association with insulin sensitivity as assessed by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps and related metabolic phenotypes. Main Outcomes Measures: Sixty-two metabolites with phenotype-specific patterns were identified using age, sex, and body mass index as covariates. Results: Compared with CON, the metabolome of T2D and T1D showed similar alterations in various phosphatidylcholine species and amino acids. Only T2D exhibited differences in free fatty acids compared with CON. Pairwise comparison of metabolites revealed alterations of 28 and 49 metabolites in T1D and T2D, respectively, when compared with CON. Eleven metabolites allowed differentiation between both diabetes types and alanine, α-amino-adipic acid, isoleucin, and stearic acid showed an inverse association with insulin sensitivity in both T2D and T1D combined. Conclusion: Metabolome analyses from recent-onset T2D and T1D patients enables identification of defined diabetes type-specific differences and detection of biomarkers of insulin sensitivity. These analyses may help to identify novel clinical subphenotypes diabetes. Copyright © 2016 by the Endocrine Society.
Metaboloepigenetics: The emerging network in stem cell homeostasis regulation; Epigenetics harbours all regulatory information that, beyond nucleotide sequences, allows cells to "make decisions" throughout their lifetime in response to the external environment. The information can be transitory or relatively stable, and is even transmittable either to daughter cells or to the next generations through the germ line. Recent discoveries shed light on numerous connections between metabolites and epigenetic chromatin-modifying enzymes, providing a link between the metabolic state of the cell and epigenetics, and ultimately between metabolism, gene expression and cell fate. In this review, we discuss the possible connections between metabolism and epigenetic regulation of stem cell differentiation and self-renewal. Moreover, we describe pertinent literature that could explain how altered metabolic state and nutrition can contribute to disease development through epigenetic modifications. A special section is dedicated to the emerging link between the circadian clock, metabolic transcriptional regulation by epigenetic mechanisms and their implication in stem cell homeostasis. © 2016, Bentham Science Publishers.
Sex hormone-binding globulin in children and adolescents; Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is a circulating glycoprotein that transports testosterone and other steroids in the blood. Interest in SHBG has escalated in recent years because of its inverse association with obesity and insulin resistance, and because many studies have linked lower circulating levels of SHBG to metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, and early puberty. The purpose of this review is to summarize molecular, clinical, endocrine, and epidemiological findings to illustrate how measurement of plasma SHBG may be useful in clinical medicine in children. © 2016, Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing.
Nutraceuticals: A potent therapeutic agent; The concept of nutraceutical was stared from the survey in U.K., Germany and France which concluded that diet is rated more highly by consumers than exercise or hereditary factors for achieving good health. Various components of foods have clearly established strong links with human health and it is learnt that their deficiencies provoke diseases. Edible products possessing such fantastic healing capacity due to the presence of more than 700 non nutrients functional food factor (FFFs). These are effective and beneficial for health promotion, disease prevention and cure. The natural products releasing such superb active components are known as nutraceutical foods. The explosive growth, research developments, lack of standards, marketing zeal, quality assurance and regulation will play a vital role in its success or failure. In this chapter we can try to understand the different concept of nutraceuticals and their scope in the future. © 2016 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Abnormal peri-organ or intra-organ fat (APIFat) Deposition: An underestimated predictor of vascular risk?; Adipose tissue, a major endocrine organ, consists of brown and white adipocytes. Brown fat may play a beneficial role in cardiometabolic disorders. Brown adipose tissue can also improve glucose and lipid metabolism. In contrast, the expansion of white adipose tissue has been related to obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Both the quantity and the quality of the white adipose tissue as well as its distribution may affect CVD risk. In this context, the link between adiposity and CVD risk is greater for visceral than subcutaneous fat. Apart from these fat depots, there are other adipose tissues that are either systemically (i.e. in the liver, muscle or neck) or mainly locally acting (i.e. pericardial/epicardial, perivascular and perirenal). These fat depots can affect the nearby anatomic organs via lipid accumulation and cytokine secretion. In the present narrative review, the associations of excessive peri-organ adipose tissue, namely intrahepatic, epicardial/ pericardial, perivascular, intramuscular, peripancreatic and perirenal fat, with cardiometabolic and CVD risk factors are discussed. The effects of drugs that target vascular risk and/or different fat depots are also considered. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
The Progression and Natural History of Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver disease in the United States. Childhood NAFLD is associated with hepatic and nonhepatic morbidity and mortality. Nonhepatic associations include cardiovascular, metabolic, pulmonary, and psychological disorders. Cardiovascular conditions observed in childhood include left ventricular dysfunction. Furthermore, childhood obesity is associated with greater odds of having hepatocellular carcinoma as an adult. Evidence suggests that NAFLD may begin in utero in children of diabetic mothers. Thus rigorous efforts for structured diagnosis and follow-up are a priority to better develop the understanding of outcomes in pediatric NAFLD. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Novel Stem Cell Strategies with mTOR; The incidence of noncommunicable diseases is increasing at an alarming rate that parallels the growing life expectancy of the global population. Stem cell therapeutic strategies hold exciting prospects for the treatment of numerous illnesses that can involve metabolic disorders, neurodegenerative disease, cardiac and vascular disease, and cancer. Intimately coupled to the development of novel treatment regimens with stem cells is the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), 289-kDa serine/threonine protein kinase that oversees multiple cellular processes ranging from cellular growth to cellular senescence. As an essential component of mTOR complex 1 and mTOR complex 2, mTOR governs stem cell development, maintenance, proliferation, and differentiation. mTOR can regulate pathways of apoptosis and autophagy either as a primary determinant or through trophic factor-mediated pathways. These pathways of programmed cell death are critical since they can lead to stem cell proliferation as well as to stem cell demise. Equally important for the biological and clinical outcomes driven by mTOR are the tightly linked pathways of Wnt signaling, Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1, silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog 1 (. Saccharomyces cerevisiae), AMP activated protein kinase, and forkhead transcription factors. mTOR holds compelling prospects to direct and focus new stem cell therapies for a broad array of disorders, but a number of challenges remain to gain further insight into the potential for varied clinical outcomes that can be fostered by mTOR. © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Genetic control of circadian rhythms and aging; The review establishes a link between a group of genes which are conserved in evolution and form a molecular oscillator responsible for generation of circadian rhythms and genetic determinants of aging including associated pathways of intracellular signaling. An analysis of mechanisms of development of agedependent pathologies is conducted from the viewpoint of circadian genetics. Systematic data of circadian gene expression studies in animals demonstrating different rates of aging from accelerated to negligible are presented. © 2016, Pleiades Publishing, Inc.
The Management of Pregnancy in Patients with Advanced Liver Disease Before and After Liver Transplantation; Pregnancy in cirrhotic women carries a significant risk of morbidity and mortality to both mother and fetus. Fetal complications include higher rates of spontaneous abortion, prematurity, and perinatal death. Maternal complications in a patient with established cirrhosis include portal hypertension, potentially life-threatening variceal hemorrhage, hepatic decompensation, postpartum hemorrhage, and splenic artery aneurysm rupture. Most of these adverse outcomes are associated with the severity of liver disease; however, physiologic hypervolemiain pregnancy leads to an additional increase in portal hypertension. Preconception liver transplantation mitigates some of these complications but also introduces added risks of hypertension/preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and fetal growth restriction. Delaying conception by at least 1 year after transplantation minimizes fetal exposure to high doses of immunosuppressant medication and allows demonstration of good graft function prior to pregnancy. Thus, contraception counseling shortly after the transplant is imperative. Long-acting reversible contraception, which includes intrauterine devices and contraceptive implants, provides the most effective contraception for this population. Once pregnancy is planned and achieved, women need to maintain stable immunosuppression to prevent allograft rejection. Given the complexity of these patients, a multidisciplinary approach and close monitoring are essential to achieving successful outcomes. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2016.
The Association between Subclinical Hypothyroidism and Metabolic Syndrome as Defined by the ATP III Criteria; The association between subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a matter of debate. In this study, we aimed to examine the risk of MetS in SCH through a systematic review and meta-analysis. A systematic search of published literature up to September 2015 was conducted. General population studies were included if they had considered SCH as the independent variable. After data extraction, a meta-analysis was run to assess the odds ratio (OR) of MetS and its components between subclinical hypothyroid and euthyroid groups. Only studies employing Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) criteria for MetS were included in the meta-analysis. In the SCH group, female gender was more prevalent [OR = 1.65, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.29-2.13]. Meta-analysis showed no significant difference in MetS prevalence between SCH and euthyroid individuals (OR = 1.13, 95% CI 0.95-1.34). However, the prevalence of central obesity (OR = 1.43, 95% CI 1.04-1.96) was significantly higher in the SCH group. On the other hand, hypertriglyceridemia was more prevalent in the female-only SCH subgroup. In conclusion, although we found some MetS components to be more prevalent in SCH, the prevalence of MetS as defined by ATP III criteria was not increased in SCH. Considerable heterogeneity observed may have influenced the results on MetS components. © Copyright 2016, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2016.
MicroRNA 152 regulates hepatic glycogenesis by targeting PTEN; Hepatic insulin resistance, defined as a diminished ability of hepatocytes to respond to the action of insulin, plays an important role in the development of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Aberrant expression of mmu-miR-152-3p (miR-152) is related to the pathogenesis of tumors such as hepatitis B virus related hepatocellular carcinoma. However, the role of miR-152 in hepatic insulin resistance remains unknown. In the present study, we identified the potential role of miR-152 in regulating hepatic glycogenesis. The expression of miR-152 and the level of glycogen were significantly downregulated in the liver of db/db mice and mice fed a high fat diet. In vivo and in vitro results suggest that inhibition of miR-152 expression induced impaired glycogenesis in hepatocytes. Interestingly, miR-152 expression, glycogen synthesis and protein kinase B/glycogen synthase kinase (AKT/GSK) pathway activation were significantly decreased in the liver of mice injected with 16 μg·mL-1 interleukin 6 (IL-6) by pumps for 7 days and in NCTC 1469 cells treated with 10 ng·mL-1 IL-6 for 24 h. Moreover, hepatic overexpression of miR-152 rescued IL-6-induced impaired glycogenesis. Finally, phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) was identified as a direct target of miR-152 to mediate hepatic glycogen synthesis. Our findings provide mechanistic insight into the effects of miR-152 on the regulation of the AKT/GSK pathway and the synthesis of glycogen in hepatocytes. Downregulated miR-152 induced impaired hepatic glycogenesis by targeting PTEN. PTEN participated in miR-152-mediated glycogenesis in hepatocytes via regulation of the AKT/GSK pathway. Our work suggests that miR-152 mediates hepatic glycogenesis by negatively regulating PTEN expression. We found that miR-152 was down-regulated in mouse models of diabetes and obesity or as a result of IL-6 treatment, and that blocking miR-152 expression impaired glycogenesis in hepatocytes. PTEN was validated as a direct target of miR-152, and shown to be a key regulator of hepatic glycogen synthesis. © 2016 Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
Clinical implications of polycystic ovary syndrome; UNLABELLED: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous and complex endocrine disease which among the female population belongs to the most widespread endocrinopathies and it is the most frequent cause of hyperthyroidism, anticoagulation and infertility. Insulin resistance is one of the important diabetology factors impacting hyperglycaemia in a majority of women with PCOS (60-80 %). Clinical expressions of PCOS include reproduction disorders, metabolic characteristics and psychological implications. Reproduction disorders include hyperthyroidism, menstruation cycle disorders, infertility and pregnancy complications as well as early abortions, gestational diabetes and pregnancy induced hypertension. Long-term metabolic risks of PCOS include type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension and endothelial dysfunction. The available data confirms higher incidence of cardiovascular diseases in women with PCOS. In particular among obese women PCOS is more frequently associated with non-alcoholic hepatic steatosis, sleep apnoea syndrome and endometrial cancer. The literature includes some controversial data about the relationship between PCOS and autoimmunity. Women with PCOS are more prone to suffer from insufficient confidence with higher incidence of anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder and eating disorders.; KEY WORDS: autoimmunity - diabetes mellitus - pregnancy - insulin resistance - metabolic syndrome - menstrual disorders - polycystic ovary syndrome.
From infancy to aging: Biological and behavioral modifiers of Fetuin-A; Fetuin-A is a multifunctional protein which inhibits ectopic calcification and insulin receptor phosphorylation. It may also promote insulin resistance by activation of toll-like receptor 4 pro-inflammatory cascade. Increased levels of Fetuin-A have been associated with obesity and related comorbidities such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, therefore, it has been suggested as a potential therapeutic target for intervention. However, in addition to its role in disease pathophysiology, Fetuin-A is also important for growth and development. Thus, before evaluating Fetuin-A as a biomarker or pharmacological target, an understanding of Fetuin-A variability throughout the life cycle is essential. This manuscript reviews the current body of knowledge surrounding Fetuin-A throughout the life cycle and discuss challenges to studying Fetuin-A. © 2016 Elsevier B.V. and Société Française de Biochimie et Biologie Moléculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Effects of silymarin supplementation on leptin, adiponectin and paraoxanase levels and body composition during exercise: A randomized double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial; Background: Silymarin has powerful antioxidant properties, but its effects on athletic performance are poorly understood. Objectives: The present study was undertaken to evaluate the effects of 4 weeks of endurance or strength exercise, with or without silymarin, on body composition, paraoxonase (PON), leptin and adiponectin levels in untrained men. Methods: A total of 45 untrained men were divided into 5 groups (n = 9): endurance training with placebo (ET + P), endurance training with 140mgof silymarin/day (ET + S), strength training with placebo (ST + P), strength training with 140mgof silymarin/day (ST + S) and placebo (C). Anthropometrical and VO2max measurements and ELISA assay for PON, leptin and adiponectin levels were performed at the beginning and after the 4-week of the study Results: There was a significant decrease in weight and body mass index in the ET + P and ET + S groups and increases in ST + P and ST + S (P < 0.05) groups. Body fat declined in all four trained groups (P < 0.001). Peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) improved in both ET + P and ET + S subjects. Paraoxonase (PON) was increased only in ET + S group (P < 0.05). Adiponectin was increased in all four groups (P < 0.05). Circulating leptin remained unchanged within all interventions. Conclusions: The present study has demonstrated that a combination of exercise and silymarin can improve body composition and adiponectin levels. © 2016, School of Pharmacy, Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences.
Association of maternal diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index with offspring indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Little is known about early life determinants of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We examined associations of maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) with offspring markers of NAFLD and liver pathology and examined mediation by birthweight and concurrent offspring adiposity. Methods: We used data from a UK prospective pregnancy cohort. Offspring underwent abdominal ultrasonography (USS) at mean age 17.8 years. Outcomes included USS-assessed fatty liver, estimated liver volume and shear velocity, a variant of elastography (a marker of liver fibrosis) (N = 1 215) and blood-based markers of liver pathology [alanine amino transferase, aspartate amino transferase, gamma- glutamyltransferase and haptoglobin] (N = 2 359). Results: 2.1 % (N = 25) of participants had USS-assessed fatty liver [maternal diabetes/glycosuria (N = 7) and no diabetes/glycosuria (N = 18)]. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver in confounder adjusted models [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.74 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 2.47, 18.40)] and higher shear velocity [adjusted ratio of geometric mean (aRGM):1.10 (95 % CI 1.05, 1.15)]. These associations were not mediated by offspring birthweight or concurrent adiposity. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was not associated with liver volume or blood-based outcomes. Greater maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver [aOR 2.72 (95 % CI: 1.20, 6.15)], higher liver volume [aRGM 1.03 (95 % CI 1.00, 1.07)] and shear velocity [aRGM1.03 (95 % CI: 1.01, 1.06)] in confounder adjusted models. These associations were largely mediated by offspring adiposity. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was not consistently associated with blood-based outcomes. Conclusions: Results suggest that maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria is associated with offspring NAFLD through mechanisms other than offspring's own adiposity. © 2016 Patel et al.
A randomized-controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E co-supplementation on markers of insulin metabolism and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes; Background Limited data are available that evaluated the effects of combined omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E supplementation on glucose homeostasis parameters and lipid concentrations in gestational diabetes (GDM). Objectives The present study was designed to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation on glucose homeostasis parameters and lipid concentrations among women with GDM who were not on oral hypoglycemic agents. Methods This prospective randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was carried out among 60 patients with GDM. Patients were randomly allocated to take either 1000-mg omega-3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil plus 400-IU vitamin E supplements (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were obtained from at the beginning of the study and after 6-week intervention to quantify related variables. Results After 6 weeks of intervention, changes in fasting plasma glucose (-11.8 ± 11.0 vs +1.5 ± 11.9 mg/dL, P <.001), serum insulin concentrations (-1.8 ± 6.9 vs +5.8 ± 12.1 μIU/mL, P =.004), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (-0.8 ± 1.6 vs +1.4 ± 2.8, P =.001), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated beta cell function (-0.2 ± 27.7 vs +22.8 ± 48.2, P =.02), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01 ± 0.02 vs -0.01 ± 0.02, P =.01) in the omega-3 fatty acids plus vitamin E group were significantly different from the changes in these indicators in the placebo group. Changes in serum triglycerides (+10.8 ± 41.5 vs +34.2 ± 35.5 mg/dL, P =.02), VLDL-cholesterol (+2.1 ± 8.3 vs +6.8 ± 7.1 mg/dL, P =.02), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (+11.6 ± 18.8 vs +1.7 ± 15.9 mg/dL, P =.03) and HDL-cholesterol concentrations (+1.9 ± 8.7 vs -2.4 ± 7.7 mg/dL, P =.04) were significantly different between the supplemented women and placebo group. However, after controlling for baseline total cholesterol levels, maternal age, and BMI at baseline, the changes in serum LDL-cholesterol concentrations were not significantly different between the 2 groups. We did not find any significant effect of joint omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E supplementation on total cholesterol concentrations. Conclusions Overall, we demonstrated that omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E co-supplementation in GDM women had beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis parameters, serum triglycerides, VLDL-cholesterol, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations, but it did not influence total-cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels. © 2016 National Lipid Association.
Insulin Resistance Syndrome and Its Vascular Complications; The insulin resistance syndrome (IRS), also known as the metabolic syndrome, is a “cluster” of cardiovascular (CV) risk factors that are frequently, but not always, associated with obesity. This grouping of risk factors has been known by several other synonyms including Syndrome X, deadly quartet, and cardiometabolic syndrome. Because insulin resistance describes the underlying pathophysiologic basis of the “syndrome,” it is the term used for this chapter. Reaven first drew attention to the association of insulin resistance and obesity, type 2 diabetes, high plasma triglycerides and low plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL) and hypertension (1). Since its original description there has been much experimental, clinical, and epidemiological data to support the association of this syndrome with cardiovascular disease (CVD) (2)2. Additionally, other “nontraditional” CV risk factors have been frequently included in the description of the syndrome. These include inflammation, abnormal fibrinolysis, and endothelial dysfunction and microalbuminuria (3-5). Figure 1 summarizes the relationship of these risk factors and their link with CVD. It remains unclear to what extent the components of this syndrome develop independently of each other or spring from “common soil” genetic abnormalities (6). In either case, the frequency of these coexisting abnormalities are increasing at an alarming rate, paralleling the obesity and diabetes epidemics. This is now a major clinical and public health problem-NHANES 1999-2000 estimates the prevalence of metabolic syndrome at 26.7% of US adults (7). The IRS is present in approximately 80% of persons with an established diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (8,9). © 2007 by Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.
The metabolic ghetto: An evolutionary perspective on nutrition, power relations and chronic disease; Chronic diseases have rapidly become the leading global cause of morbidity and mortality, yet there is poor understanding of this transition, or why particular social and ethnic groups are especially susceptible. In this book, Wells adopts a multidisciplinary approach to human nutrition, emphasising how power relations shape the physiological pathways to obesity, diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Part I reviews the physiological basis of chronic diseases, presenting a ‘capacity-load’ model that integrates the nutritional contributions of developmental experience and adult lifestyle. Part II presents an evolutionary perspective on the sensitivity of human metabolism to ecological stresses, highlighting how social hierarchy impacts metabolism on an intergenerational timescale. Part III reviews how nutrition has changed over time, as societies evolved and coalesced towards a single global economic system. Part IV integrates these physiological, evolutionary and politico-economic perspectives in a unifying framework, to deepen our understanding of the societal basis of metabolic ill-health. © J.C.K. Wells 2016.
Expression of epigenetic machinery genes is sensitive to maternal obesity and weight loss in relation to fetal growth in mice; Background: Maternal obesity impacts fetal growth and pregnancy outcomes. To counteract the deleterious effects of obesity on fertility and pregnancy issue, preconceptional weight loss is recommended to obese women. Whether this weight loss is beneficial/detrimental for offspring remains poorly explored. Epigenetic mechanisms could be affected by maternal weight changes, perturbing expression of key developmental genes in the placenta or fetus. Our aim was to investigate the effects of chronic maternal obesity on feto-placental growth along with the underlying epigenetic mechanisms. We also tested whether preconceptional weight loss could alleviate these effects. Results: Female mice were fed either a control diet (CTRL group), a high-fat diet (obese (OB) group), or a high-fat diet switched to a control diet 2 months before conception (weight loss (WL) group). At mating, OB females presented an obese phenotype while WL females normalized metabolic parameters. At embryonic day 18.5 (E18.5), fetuses from OB females presented fetal growth restriction (FGR; −13 %) and 28 % of the fetuses were small for gestational age (SGA). Fetuses from WL females normalized this phenotype. The expression of 60 epigenetic machinery genes and 32 metabolic genes was measured in the fetal liver, placental labyrinth, and junctional zone. We revealed 23 genes altered by maternal weight trajectories in at least one of three tissues. The fetal liver and placental labyrinth were more responsive to maternal obesity than junctional zone. One third (18/60) of the epigenetic machinery genes were differentially expressed between at least two maternal groups. Interestingly, genes involved in the histone acetylation pathway were particularly altered (13/18). In OB group, lysine acetyltransferases and Bromodomain-containing protein 2 were upregulated, while most histone deacetylases were downregulated. In WL group, the expression of only a subset of these genes was normalized. Conclusions: This study highlights the high sensitivity of the epigenetic machinery gene expression, and particularly the histone acetylation pathway, to maternal obesity. These obesity-induced transcriptional changes could alter the placental and the hepatic epigenome, leading to FGR. Preconceptional weight loss appears beneficial to fetal growth, but some effects of previous obesity were retained in offspring phenotype. © 2016, Panchenko et al.
Abelmoschus esculentus fractions potently inhibited the pathogenic targets associated with diabetic renal epithelial to mesenchymal transition; Although Abelmoschus esculentus (AE) is known for anti-hyperglycemia, few reports have addressed its target. Our recent studies have focused on diabetic renal epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT), which plays a critical role in fibrosis that accompanies increasing vimentin and suggested signals DPP-4/AT-1/TGF-β1. This study aimed to investigate whether AE is useful for preventing diabetic renal EMT. We used a succession of extractions and obtained the corresponding fractions F1-F5, each with its own individual properties: F1 inhibits high glucose-stimulated vimentin, AT-1, TGF-β1, and DPP-4, and recovers E-cadherin in tubular cells; F2 decreases high glucose-induced vimentin, AT-1 and DPP-4; F3-F5 do not reduce the expression of vimentin. Chemical analysis revealed that F1 is rich of flavonoid glycosides especially quercetin glucosides, and pentacyclic triterpene ester. F2 contains a large amount of carbohydrates and polysaccharides composed of uronic acid, galactose, glucose, myo-inositol etc. In conclusion, AE has the potential to serve as an adjuvant for diabetic nephropathy, with F1 and F2 especially deserving further investigation and development. © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2015.
Association of metabolic parameters and rs726344 in FNDC5 with serum irisin concentrations; Irisin has been suggested as a novel myokine with beneficial effects in rodents. However, previous data in humans showed conflicting results regarding its association with metabolic phenotypes and regulation of secretion. Furthermore, although an association of rs726344 in FNDC5 (fibronectin type III domain containing 5) coding for irisin with insulin sensitivity was reported, the effects of genetic variation at this locus on irisin serum levels have not been investigated, so far. Therefore, we investigated circulating irisin and the associations with rs726344 in a cohort of >1000 subjects.Subjects/Methods:Irisin serum concentrations were measured with enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Associations with metabolic parameters including renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, inflammation, as well as adipokine profiles, were assessed in regression models. Dynamic changes of serum irisin were investigated during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in a subset of the cohort (n=136). rs726344 was genotyped in all subjects and analyzed for associations with serum irisin and traits of the metabolic syndrome.Results:Irisin was negatively associated with fat mass, fasting glucose and dyslipidemia but not with other adipokines. Moreover, irisin decreased during an OGTT in a subcohort comprising subjects with normal glucose tolerance, impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. rs726344 was not associated with serum irisin levels or with other anthropometric and biochemical parameters.Conclusions:Circulating irisin levels are associated with a beneficial metabolic profile but not with other adipokines and not with rs726344 in our cohort. Our data suggest a potential favorable role of irisin in the regulation of metabolism. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Visfatin and hypocaloric diets; Visfatin was originally identified as a 52 kD protein that is primarily expressed in bone marrow, muscle and liver. Visfatin has many pleiotropic actions in tissues other than adipose tissue. Several features of visfatin suggest that this molecule might be important for understanding the biological differences between subcutaneous and intra-abdominal adipose tissue, and their relation with metabolic syndrome and other related diseases such as gestational diabetes mellitus, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and polycystic ovary syndrome. After a diet-induced weight reduction, a marked positive correlation between visfatin mRNA expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue and a negative correlation with body mass index were detected. Diet-induced weight reduction and an increase of visfatin expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue with a decrease in circulating visfatin. An interesting investigation showed that aerobic exercise is associated with this reduction in circulating visfatin in young type 2 diabetes patients, too. In another interventional study, it was demonstrated that weight reduction after a hypocaloric diet is associated with a significant decrease in circulating concentrations of visfatin in mildly obese subjects. These changes in visfatin levels, a hypothetical insulin-mimetic adipokine, could have relevant implications for treatment of obesity, polycystic ovary syndrome, diabetes mellitus and other manifestations of metabolic syndrome. © 2013 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Nutrition, physical activity, and health in early life, second edition; During the past decade since the first edition of this practical work was published, global prevalence of obesity has increased by epic proportions, and physical fitness levels have continued to decline. Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Health in Early Life, Second Edition analyzes cutting-edge longitudinal and cross-sectional data on morphological, nutritional, and functional characteristics related to environmental factors to assess how the lifestyle choices we make when we're young deeply impact overall health and wellness throughout our lives. Includes Step-by-Step Nutrition and Exercise Plans. Extensively revised and updated, this definitive second edition synthesizes new, original research findings related to anthropometric and body composition data, dietary intake, cardiorespiratory function, motor and psychomotor skills, muscle strength, and biochemical and physiological parameters of preschool-age children. The book supplies ready-to-implement nutrition and exercise plans that are appropriate for children in this age group. Almost tripling the number of references, the text includes new chapters that address the role of genetic factors in addition to prevention techniques, consequences, and treatment of obesity. It also compares body mass index, body composition, and the shifts of adiposity rebound on an international scale. Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Health in Early Life, Second Edition emphasizes that to preserve a high-quality of life no matter your age, it is crucial that a foundation of healthy nutrition and optimal physical activity, which increases the level of physical fitness, be cemented early on. In effect, this book illustrates why early prevention always trumps a cure. © 2010 by Taylor and Francis Group, LLC. All rights reserved.
The early origins of obesity and insulin resistance: Timing, programming and mechanisms; Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus and it also results in an increased risk of giving birth to a large baby with increased fat mass. Furthermore, it is also contributes to an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring in childhood, adolescence and adult life. It has been proposed that exposure to maternal obesity may therefore result in an 'intergenerational cycle' of obesity and insulin resistance. There is significant interest in whether exposure to maternal obesity around the time of conception alone contributes directly to poor metabolic outcomes in the offspring and whether dieting in the obese mother before pregnancy or around the time of conception has metabolic benefits for the offspring. This review focusses on experimental and clinical studies that have investigated the specific impact of exposure to maternal obesity during the periconceptional period alone or extending beyond conception on adipogenesis, lipogenesis and on insulin signalling pathways in the fat, liver and muscle of the offspring. Findings from these studies highlight the need for a better evidence base for the development of dietary interventions in obese women before pregnancy and around the time of conception to maximize the metabolic benefits and minimize the metabolic costs for the next generation. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
The role of diet in breast cancer prevention; Breast cancer (BC), the leading cancer in women, shows increasing prevalence worldwide in parallel with western metabolic epidemics, i.e. obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes. Though BC closely shares major risk factors with these diseases, the connection to its dietary prevention is not widely supported.The present chapter aims to update the scope and evidence base underpinning the potential for nutritional contributions to BC prevention. It reviews difficulties in studying direct nutrition-BC correlations, critical periods in the life cycle, and their dietary implications for carcinogenic and pathometabolic trajectories. Evidence-based risk factors, including anthropometric measures-high birthweight, adult tallness, fatness/body mass index (BMI), and late weight gain, and reproductive events-early menarche, late childbearing without breastfeeding-are covered. BC initiation involves diet-related pro-oxidative, inflammatory, and procarcinogenic processes, i.e. through lipid/fatty acid peroxidation, estrogen metabolism and DNA-adduct-depurination and mutation formation. The pathometabolic trajectory is affected by high estrogen, insulin, and growth factor cascades and resultant accelerated proliferation/progression. Gender-based nutrition explains women’s specific risk, i.e. with high fatness, estrogen metabolism, n-6: n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio and n-6 conversion to pro-inflammatory/carcinogenic mediators. Recent large-scale studies have confirmed effectiveness of evidence-based recommendations for reducing BC risk, emphasizing low energy density and nutritious plant-based diets, physical activity, and body/abdominal fatness management. Better understanding of dietary interrelationships with BC-as applied to food selection, combination, and preparation, and potential for recommended patterns, e.g. Mediterranean, DASH, plant-based, low energy density and glycemic load, with high nutrient/phytonutrient density-would increase public motivation and authoritative support for early/timely prevention, optimally merging with other dietary goals at various life stages, for lifelong BC prevention. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.
Perturbations in polar lipids, starvation survival and reproduction following exposure to unsaturated fatty acids or environmental toxicants in Daphnia magna; Acclimating to toxicant stress is energy expensive. In laboratory toxicology tests dietary conditions are ideal, but not in natural environments where nutrient resources vary in quality and quantity. We compared the effects of additional lipid resources, docosahexaenoic acid (n-3; DHA) or linoleic acid (n-6; LA), or the effects of the toxicants, atrazine or triclosan on post-treatment starvation survival, reproduction, and lipid profiles. Chemical exposure prior to starvation had chemical-specific effects as DHA showed moderately beneficial effects on starvation survival and all of the other chemicals showed adverse effects on either survival or reproduction. Surprisingly, pre-exposure to triclosan inhibits adult maturation and in turn completely blocks reproduction during the starvation phase. The two HR96 activators tested, atrazine and LA adversely reduce post-reproduction survival 70% during starvation and in turn show poor fecundity. DHA and LA show distinctly different lipid profiles as DHA primarily increases the percentage of large (>37 carbon) phosphatidylcholine (PC) species and LA primarily increases the percentage of smaller (<37 carbon) PC species. The toxicants atrazine and triclosan moderately perturb a large number of different phospholipids including several phosphatidylethanolamine species. Some of these polar lipid species may be biomarkers for diets rich in specific fatty acids or toxicant classes. Overall our data demonstrates that toxicants can perturb lipid utilization and storage in daphnids in a chemical specific manner, and different chemicals can produce distinct polar lipid profiles. In summary, biological effects caused by fatty acids and toxicants are associated with changes in the production and use of lipids. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives:Insulin resistance is central to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD in middle age.Methods:Women from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered ≥1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n=1,115). History of GDM by self-report, validated in a subsample by review of antenatal glucose testing, and metabolic risk factors were assessed prospectively. NAFLD was defined by liver attenuation (LA)≤40 Hounsfield Units on CT scan after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis.Results:Of 1,115 women meeting selection criteria (57% black, 43% white, median age 25 years at baseline), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met the CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. The crude risk of NAFLD at the 25-year visit was significantly higher in women with GDM compared to those without (14 vs. 5.8%, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, P<0.01). History of GDM remained associated with NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, P=0.01) after adjustment for covariates in multivariable logistic regression. Addition of incident diabetes mellitus (DM) into the final model attenuated the association between GDM and NAFLD (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 0.73-3.02, P=0.28). Conclusion: GDM is a risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify women at risk for NAFLD at a young age and may be mediated by the development of incident DM. © 2016 by the American College of Gastroenterology.
Effects of maternal obesity on fetal programming: Molecular approaches; Maternal obesity has become a worldwide epidemic. Obesity and a high-fat diet have been shown to have deleterious effects on fetal programming, predisposing offspring to adverse cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Although large epidemiological studies have shown an association between maternal obesity and adverse outcomes for offspring, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Molecular approaches have played a key role in elucidating the mechanistic underpinnings of fetal malprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These approaches include, among others, characterization of epigenetic modifications, microRNA expression, the gut microbiome, the transcriptome, and evaluation of specific mRNAexpression via quantitative reverse transcription polmerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) in fetuses and offspring of obese females. This work will review the data from animal models and human fluids/cells regarding the effects of maternal obesity on fetal and offspring neurodevelopment and cardiometabolic outcomes, with a particular focus on molecular approaches. © 2016 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press; all rights reserved.
Similar degrees of obesity induced by diet or aging cause strikingly different immunologic and metabolic outcomes; In obesity, adipose tissue (AT) and liver are infiltrated with Th-1 polarized immune cells, which are proposed to play an important role in the pathogenesis of the metabolic abnormalities of obesity. Aging is also associated with increased adiposity, but the effects of this increase on inflammation and associated metabolic dysfunction are poorly understood. To address this issue, we assessed insulin resistance (IR) and AT and liver immunophenotype in aged, lean (AL) and aged, obese (AO) mice, all of whom were maintained on a standard chow diet (11% fat diet) throughout their lives. For comparison, these variables were also assessed in young, lean (YL) and young diet-induced obese mice (41% fat diet, YO). Despite similar body weight and fat accumulation, YO mice were substantially more IR and had greater liver steatosis compared to AO mice. YO also had elevated infiltration of macrophages/dendritic cells in AT and liver, but these increases were absent in AO. Furthermore, liver immune cells of YO were more Th-1 polarized then AO. Notably, aging was associated with accumulation of T cells, but this occurred independent of obesity. Together, the data suggest that reduced inflammation in AO underlies the improved insulin sensitivity and lowered steatosis compared to YO. We assessed insulin resistance, and AT and liver immunophenotype in aged, lean and aged, obese mice (AO), all of whom were maintained on a standard chow diet (11% fat diet) throughout their lives. For comparison these variables were also assessed in young, lean and young diet-induced obese mice (41% fat diet, YO). The data suggest that reduced inflammation in AO underlies improved insulin sensitivity and lowered steatosis compared to YO. © 2016 Published by the American Physiological Society and The Physiological Society.
Maternal circulating levels of some metabolic syndrome biomarkers in gestational diabetes mellitus; The aims of the present study were to explore serum levels of lipid profile, atherogenic indexes LDL-C/HDL-C, TG/HDL-C, and TC/HDL-C, bilirubin, adiponectin, pseudocholinesterase, activities of gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), adenosine deaminase (ADA), and α-amylase, insulin resistance using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) formula, and assessment of correlations between them in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with normal pregnancy. A cross-sectional study was designed. The patients consisted of 30 women with GDM. The normal group consisted of 30 healthy pregnant women. The Mann–Whitney U test and Spearman’s correlation analysis were used for statistical analysis. A p value less than 0.05 was considered significant. Serum activities of enzymes GGT (p = 0.001) and ADA (p = 0.02) were significantly higher in GDM compared with normal pregnancy, while pseudocholinesterase were significantly decreased (p = 0.02). However, activity of enzyme α-amylase did not show significant difference between two groups (p = 0.75). Serum levels of both HDL-C and adiponectin were significantly decreased in GDM group (p = 0.001). The atherogenic indexes and the HOMA-IR index were significantly higher in GDM (p = 0.001). Serum activity of ADA showed positive correlation with total cholesterol (TC) (r = 0.46, p = 0.01) and CRP (r = 0.66, p = 0.001) in GDM group. Serum levels of total bilirubin correlated negatively with both ADA (r = −0.38, p = 0.04) and triglyceride (r = −0.45, p = 0.01) in women with GDM. Serum activity of GGT correlated positively with LDL-C (r = 0.48, p = 0.01) and TC (r = 0.52, p = 0.003) in GDM group. Increased atherogenic indexes, ADA, GGT, and decreased pseudocholinesterase might be risk factors for GDM. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Changes of phospholipids in fetal liver of mice conceived by in vitro fertilization; Environmental influences during early development increase the susceptibility to metabolism diseases in adulthood. Assisted reproductive techniques (ART) expose the gametes or preimplantation embryo to a nonphysiological environment that increases the risk of metabolism diseases in later life. However, the precise underlying causes of ART-related metabolism disease remain unclear. In our previous study, by using a mouse model, we found that ART resulted in placental maldevelopment and dysfunction that led to reduced fetal growth. The lipid metabolism and lipid transporters in the placenta were also affected by ART. Based on these findings, we hypothesized that ART may hamper fetal lipid metabolism, which could predispose to metabolic diseases in later life. In the present examination, by lipidomic analysis, we investigated for the first time the effect of ART on phospholipid profiles in the fetal liver in a mouse model and presented it in a detailed overview. We revealed that ART increased significantly the level of lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC), phosphatidic acid (PA), and lysophosphatidylethanolamine in the livers of fetuses compared with those in the controls. LPC and PA acts as signaling molecules involved in the majority of cellular processes regulating many crucial physiological and pathophysiological processes. LPC has been shown to play a crucial role in the development of atherosclerosis and type 2 diabetes, and an increase in PA can result in insulin resistance. We proposed that changes of LPC and PA may be one of the causes of the changes in glucose metabolism and vascular dysfunction in the mouse model of ART. © 2016 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
The maillard reaction reconsidered: Cooking and eating for health; Cooking involves chemical reactions that can make food smell and taste better. However, the same process that is responsible for creating the aroma, flavor, palatability, color, and taste of grilled and seared foods has also been linked to the development of chronic degenerative diseases. The Maillard reaction produces advanced glycation end products (AGEs) which are associated with diabetes complications and several other chronic degenerative diseases including obesity, chronic inflammation, erectile dysfunction, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and Alzheimer's. Regardless of whether you are a chef, a food scientist, a dietician, a culinologist, or simply a home cook, The Maillard Reaction Reconsidered: Cooking and Eating for Health will help you understand the link between the Maillard reaction, the AGEs, and resulting physiological conditions. Written in nontechnical terms, it elaborates on dietary factors that can help you prevent the development of chronic degenerative diseases as well as the factors that pose dietary risk. The book is divided into three parts. Part I describes the Maillard reaction in layman's terms to help you understand the chemistry that takes place when food ingredients are mixed in the presence of heat. Part II links the Maillard reaction products to chronic inflammatory degenerative diseases and discusses the consumption of protective foods. Part III covers champagne, caviar, good cuisine, and ice wine, and shows you how to develop a healthy pantry both at home and away from home. The author also gives you some healthy cooking and eating strategies and discusses the advantages associated with each strategy. © 2016 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. All right reserved.
Selenoprotein P is not elevated in gestational diabetes mellitus; Selenoprotein P concentrations have been found to be associated with insulin resistance and elevated in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). The aim of the present study was to investigate circulating selenoprotein P level and its possible relationship with metabolic parameters in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Plasma selenoprotein P concentrations were measured in 30 pregnant women with GDM, 35 pregnant women without GDM and 22 healthy nonpregnant women. No difference in selenoprotein P levels was observed among the groups [6.2 (4.5-8.2), 7.9 (4.5-10.7) and 6.7 (5.3-9.1) ng/ml, respectively, p = 0.69]. In pregnant women with and without GDM, selenoprotein P did not correlate with age, gestational age, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), HbA1c, glucose concentrations at oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), area under curve (AUC) glucose, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides levels (p > 0.05). But, there were statistically significant correlations between selenoprotein P and current BMI (r = -0.28, p = 0.04) and HDL cholesterol levels (r = 0.43, p = 0.01). We found that selenoprotein P concentrations are not elevated in women with GDM but associated with BMI and HDL cholesterol. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Gene expression and correlation of Pten and Fabp4 in liver, muscle, and adipose tissues of type 2 diabetes rats; Background: The aim of this work was to study the Fabp4 and Pten gene expression and correlation in the liver, muscle, and adipose tissues of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) rats. Material And Methods: Male Wistar rats (8 weeks old) were randomly divided into 2 groups (n=12/group): a control group fed a normal diet for 8 weeks and an experimental group fed a high-fat, high-sugar diet for 8 weeks and that received 25 mg/kg streptozotocin by intraperitoneal injection to induce T2DM. The random blood glucose, fasting blood glucose, and fasting insulin levels were measured. The expression of Pten and Fabp4 in the liver, muscle, and epididymal adipose tissues was estimated by real-time quantitative PCR. Pearson correlation coefficient analysis was used to investigate the expression correlation between Pten and Fabp4 in T2DM rats. Results: The gene expressions of Pten and Fabp4 in the liver, muscle, and adipose tissues of T2DM rats were all significantly higher than those in the control group (P<0.05). Pten was highly expressed in the muscles and Fabp4 was highly expressed in muscle and adipose tissues. Furthermore, expressions of Fabp4 and Pten in the muscle and adipose tissues of T2DM rats were positively correlated (P<0.05), but not in the liver. Conclusions: The increased expression of PTEN and FABP4 in the adipose and muscles of T2DM rats may play an important role in the insulin resistance of T2DM. However, the mechanism by which these 2 genes function in T2DM needs further study. © Med Sci Monit, 2015.
Advances of treatment of metabolic abnormalities for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of women at childbearing age. The main manifestations include hirsutism and acne due to hyperandrogenism, menstrual disorders, as well as infertility caused by anovulation or oligo-ovulation. Furthermore, the risks of suffering from adverse cardiovascular events and metabolic disorders increase significantly for patients with PCOS. Clinically, the internal medicine treatments of PCOS include diet and lifestyle interventions, anti-androgens, and improving metabolic syndrome. Nowadays, the metabolic treatment that integrates multiple therapies such as improving the insulin resistance, regulating lipids, and reducing the inflammatory has gradually become a trend. Metformin, berberine, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, and other drugs that can adjust the metabolic syndrome have been widely used for the treatment of PCOS and obtained multiple curative effects. This paper reviews advances of the treatment of metabolic abnormalities for patients with PCOS. ©, 2015, Editorial Department of Journal of Shanghai Second Medical University. All right reserved.
Minireview: Roles of fibroblast growth factors 19 and 21 in metabolic regulation and chronic diseases; Fibroblast growth factor (FGF)19 and FGF21 are hormones that regulate metabolic processes particularly during feeding or starvation, thus ultimately influencing energy production. FGF19 is secreted by the intestines during feeding and negatively regulates bile acid synthesis and secretion, whereas FGF21 is produced in the liver during fasting and plays a crucial role in regulating glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as maintaining energy homeostasis. FGF19 and FGF21 are regarded as late-acting hormones because their functions are only used after insulin and glucagon have completed their actions. Although FGF19 and FGF21 are activated under different conditions, they show extensively functional overlap in terms of improving glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, weight loss, and lipid, and energy metabolism, particularly in pathological conditions such as diabetes, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular and renal diseases. Most patients with these metabolic diseases exhibit reduced serum FGF19 levels, which might contribute to its etiology. In addition, the simultaneous increase in serum FGF21 levels is likely a compensatory response to reduced FGF19 levels, and the 2 proteins concertedly maintain metabolic homeostasis. Here, we review the physiological and pharmacological cross talk between FGF19 and FGF21 in relation to the regulation of endocrine metabolism and various chronic diseases. © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Influence of gastrointestinal factors on glucose metabolism in patients with cirrhosis; Background and Aim: The impaired glucose tolerance in cirrhosis is poorly understood. We evaluated the influence of gastrointestinal-mediated glucose disposal and incretin effect in patients with cirrhosis. Methods: Non-diabetic patients with Child-Pugh A or B cirrhosis (n = 10) and matched healthy controls (n = 10) underwent a 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and an isoglycemic intravenous glucose infusion. We presented data as median ± interquartile range and compared groups using non-parametric analysis of variance. Results: Patients with cirrhosis were glucose intolerant compared with healthy controls (4-h OGTTAUC: 609 ± 458 vs 180 ± 155 min× mmol/L; P = 0.005), insulin resistant (homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance: 3.7 ± 4.9 vs 2.6 ± 1.4; P = 0.014) and had fasting hyperglucagonemia (8 ± 3 vs 3 ± 4pmol/L; P = 0.027). Isoglycemia was achieved using 35 ± 12g of intravenous glucose in patients with cirrhosis compared with 24 ± 10g in healthy controls (P = 0.003). The gastrointestinal-mediated glucose disposal was markedly lower in patients with cirrhosis (30 ± 23 vs 52 ± 20%; P = 0.003). Despite higher levels of the incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide patients with cirrhosis had reduced incretin effect (35 ± 44 vs 55 ± 30%; P = 0.008). Conclusion: Impaired gastrointestinal-mediated glucose disposal and reduced incretin effect may contribute to the glucose intolerance seen in patients with cirrhosis. © 2015 Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Effects of two-months balanced diet in metabolically healthy obesity: lipid correlations with gender and BMI-related differences; Background: Nowadays no researches has been performed on fatty acid profile (FA) and desaturase activity in metabolically healthy obesity (MHO). The aim of this study was to assessed gender and BMI-related difference in FA, estimated desaturase activities and the efficacy on metabolic changes produced by 2-months well-balance diet in MHO subjects. Methods: In 103 MHO subjects (30/73 M/F; age:42.2 ± 9.5) FA, estimated desaturase activity, body composition (by DXA), Body Mass Index (BMI), lipid profile, adipokines (leptin, adiponectin, grelin, glucagon-like peptide-1), insulin resistence (by Homestasis metabolic assessment), C-reactive proteine, Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and Body Shape Index (ABSI) have been assessed. Gender and BMI related difference have been evaluated and the efficacy produced by 2-months well-balance diet has been considered. Results: At baseline, obese subjects, compared to overweight, show a significantly higher oleic (p <0.050), monounsaturated fatty acids (p <0.040), C18:0 delta-9 desaturase activity (D9D) (p <0.040) and lower linoleic acid (p <0.020), polyunsaturated fatty acids (p <0.020) and n-6 LCPUFA (p <0.010). Concerning gender-related difference, women show a significantly higher arachidonic acid (p <0.001), polyunsaturated fatty acids (p <0.001), n-6 LCPUFA (p <0.002), and lower monounsaturated fatty acids (p <0.001), D6D activity (p <0.030), C18:0 D9D (0.000) and C16:0 D9D (p <0.030). The 2-months diet was associated with a significantly increase in arachidonic acid (p = 0.007), eicosapentaenoic acid (p = 0.030), docosahexaenoic acid (p <0.001), long chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) (p <0.001), delta-5 desaturase activity (D5D) (p = 0.002), glucagon like peptide-1 (p <0.001) and a significant decrease in palmitoleic acid (p = <0.030), n-6/n-3 LCPUFA (p <0.001), insulin resistance (p = 0.006), leptin (p = 0.006), adiponectin (p <0.001), grelin (p = 0.030), CRP (p = 0.004), BMI (p <0.001) and android fat mass (p <0.001). Conclusions: The balanced diet intervention was effective in improving metabolic indices. © 2015 Rondanelli et al.
Nutrition, health and disease: A lifespan approach: Second edition; Bringing together key topics in basic science, clinical nutrition, and public health, Nutrition, Health and Disease is an easy-to-read, student-friendly textbook which clearly demonstrates how the body's demand for nutrients changes throughout life, and thus the variety of ways in which nutrition and diet affect health and disease. The second edition of this successful text includes: Expanded introductory material to ensure a firm grasp of key concepts New content on vegetarian, vegan, kosher and other alternative diets Dieting in adults Gender and nutrition Macro- and micronutrients A range of new diagrams to support visual learners Background on nutritional epidemiology and statistics. Nutrition, Health and Disease: A Lifespan Approach is an ideal resource for the range of material a student or newly-qualified nutrition or dietetics professional needs to know. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effects of vitamin D3 on lipogenesis in the liver and adipose tissue of pregnant rats; Obesity is a worldwide individual and public health issue, and contributes to the development of numerous chronic diseases. In particular, maternal obesity has harmful effects on both the mother and child during and after pregnancy. The digestion and metabolism of food are controlled by endocrine factors, including insulin, glucagon and estrogen. These hormonal factors are differentially regulated during pregnancy due to the specialized hormonal environment during this period. In the present study, we examined the effects of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (VD3), an active hormonal form of nutritional vitamin D3, on lipid metabolism in pregnant rats. The body weight of rats treated with VD3 was significantly reduced compared to that of the rats in the control group. In addition, histological analysis demonstrated that the amount of fat stored in adipocytes was reduced by treatment with VD3. To determine the role of VD3 in lipid metabolism, the expression levels of lipid metabolism-associated genes were measured in the rat adipose tissue and liver. VD3 negatively regulated the expression of various lipogenic genes, including fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (ACC1), in both the adipose tissue and liver. However, the regulators of lipogenic enzymes such as, sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-? (PPAR-?) and insulin-induced gene 2 (INSIG2) were differentially regulated by VD3 in a tissue-specific manner. On the whole, these findings suggest that VD3 regulates lipid metabolism and deposition in the liver and adipose tissue, and thereby reduces fat in pregnant animals, as well as body weight. Our results suggest that the alteration of lipogenesis through the administration of VD3 may help to reduce excessive weight gain during pregnancy and prevent obesity-related pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, hypertension and issues with labor.
The efficacy and safety of probiotics intervention in preventing conversion of impaired glucose tolerance to diabetes: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled trial of the Probiotics Prevention Diabetes Programme (PPDP); Background: Alterations in intestinal microbiota correlate with risk of development of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Probiotics have been suggested to play an important role in the management of dysglycemia, although the evidence is limited. In this study, we aim to explore the efficacy and safety of probiotics intervention in preventing type 2 diabetes in Chinese patients with impaired glucose tolerance. Methods/Design: A 24-month randomized intervention is conducted from January 2014 to December 2016. The target sample size for intervention is 200 middle-aged men and women aged 30-65 year-old with impaired glucose tolerance. Participants with persistent impaired glucose tolerance were assigned to group A (tablet A) and B (tablet B) in sequential order. The participants and investigators were blinded to the assignment. The primary outcome is development of diabetes. The secondary outcome measures include body composition, biochemical variables and the safety of the probiotics. Discussion: The results from this trial will provide the evidence on the efficacy and safety of probiotics administration in preventing conversion of impaired glucose tolerance to diabetes in a Chinese context. Trial registration:ChiCTRTRC13004024 © 2015 Yan et al.
Obestatin as a key regulator of metabolism and cardiovascular function with emerging therapeutic potential for diabetes; Obestatin is a 23-amino acid C-terminally amidated gastrointestinal peptide derived from preproghrelin and which forms an α helix. Although obestatin has a short biological half-life and is rapidly degraded, it is proposed to exert wide-ranging pathophysiological actions. Whilst the precise nature of many of its effects is unclear, accumulating evidence supports positive actions on both metabolism and cardiovascular function. For example, obestatin has been reported to inhibit food and water intake, body weight gain and gastrointestinal motility and also to mediate promotion of cell survival and prevention of apoptosis. Obestatin-induced increases in beta cell mass, enhanced adipogenesis and improved lipid metabolism have been noted along with up-regulation of genes associated with beta cell regeneration, insulin production and adipogenesis. Furthermore, human circulating obestatin levels generally demonstrate an inverse association with obesity and diabetes, whilst the peptide has been shown to confer protective metabolic effects in experimental diabetes, suggesting that it may hold therapeutic potential in this setting. Obestatin also appears to be involved in blood pressure regulation and to exert beneficial effects on endothelial function, with experimental studies indicating that it may also promote cardioprotective actions against, for example, ischaemia–reperfusion injury. This review will present a critical appraisal of the expanding obestatin research area and discuss the emerging therapeutic potential of this peptide for both metabolic and cardiovascular complications of diabetes. © 2016 The British Pharmacological Society
High dietary selenium intake alters lipid metabolism and protein synthesis in liver and muscle of pigs; Background: Prolonged high intakes of dietary selenium have been shown to induce gestational diabetes in rats and hyperinsulinemia in pigs. Objective: Two experiments were conducted to explore metabolic and molecular mechanisms for the diabetogenic potential of high dietary selenium intakes in pigs. Methods: In Expt. 1, 16 Yorkshire-Landrace-Hampshire crossbred pigs (3 wk old, body weight = 7.5±0.81 kg, 50% males and 50% females) were fed a corn-soybean meal basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 1.0 mg Se/kg (as selenium-enriched yeast for 6 wk). In Expt. 2, 12 pigs of the same crossbreed (6 wk old, body weight = 16.0 ± 1.8 kg) were fed a similar basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 3.0 mg Se/kg for 11 wk. Biochemical and gene and protein expression profiles of lipid and protein metabolism and selenoproteins in plasma, liver, muscle, and adipose tissues were analyzed. Results: In Expt. 1, the 1-mg-Se/kg diet did not affect body weight or plasma concentrations of glucose and nonesterified fatty acids. In Expt. 2, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet, compared with the 0.3-mg-Se/kg diet, increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of plasma insulin (0.2 compared with 0.4 ng/mL), liver and adipose lipids (41% to 2.4-fold), and liver and muscle protein (10- 14%). In liver, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet upregulated (P < 0.05) the expression, activity, or both of key factors related to gluconeogenesis [phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK); 13%], lipogenesis [sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 (SREBP1), acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC), and fatty acid synthase (FASN); 46-90%], protein synthesis [insulin receptor (INSR), P70 ribosomal protein S6 kinase (P70), and phosphorylated ribosomal protein S6 (P-S6); 88- 105%], energy metabolism [AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK); up to 2.8-fold], and selenoprotein glutathione peroxidase 3 (GPX3; 1.4-fold) and suppressed (P < 0.05) mRNA levels of lipolysis gene cytochrome P450, family 7, subfamily A, polypeptide 1 (CYP7A1; 88%) and selenoprotein gene selenoprotein W1 (SEPW1; 46%). In muscle, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet exerted no effect on the lipid profiles but enhanced (P < 0.05) expression of P-S6 and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR; 42-176%; protein synthesis); selenoprotein P (SELP; 40-fold); and tumor suppressor protein 53 (P53) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARG; 52-58%; lipogenesis) and suppressed (P < 0.05) expression of INSR (59%; insulin signaling); selenoprotein S (SELS); deiodinases, iodothyronine, type I (DIO1); and thioredoxin reductase 1 (TXNRD1; 50%; selenoproteins); and ACC1 and FASN (35-51%; lipogenesis). Conclusion: Our research showed novel roles, to our best knowledge, and mechanisms of high selenium intakes in regulating the metabolism of protein, along with that of lipid, in a tissue-specific fashion in pigs. © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Glucose homeostasis and cardiovascular alterations in diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is an increasingly prevalent disease associated with a high morbidity and mortality burden. Many of the adverse outcomes secondary to diabetes occur as a result of the impaired glucose homeostasis and pathophysiological alterations to the cardiovascular system. The purposeof this overview is to broadly discuss many of the changes that occur in the context of diabetes that affect cardiovascular function. Following a brief introduction to the classification and etiologies of the various forms of diabetes, the mechanisms of impaired glucose homeostasis will be covered. Vascular endothelial dysfunction, which has been posited to play a major role in the development of target organ pathology, will be addressed, followed by a discussion of the effects of diabetes on the renal, cardiovascular, and pulmonary systems. © 2015 American Physiological Society.
Comparison of aerobic exercise and caloric restriction on serum preptin levels and indicators of insulin resistance in obese sedentary women; Introduction: Preptin is a recently isolated peptide hormone that is co-secreted with insulin from the pancreatic beta-cells. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of aerobic exercise and caloric restriction on serum preptin levels and HOMA-IR in sedentary obese women. Materials and methods: Forty women who referred to home health centers were divided into four groups for 16 weeks of follow up: Aerobic exercise (experimental group 1), caloric restriction (experimental group 2), aerobic exercise with caloric restriction (experimental group 3) and the control group. Training programs in experimental group 1 consisted of aerobic training and running on a treadmill for 105.183±5.63 minutes, 4 times a wk. In experimental group 2, subjects followed a diet with caloric restriction equivalent to physical activity energy expenditure. Subjects in the experimental group 3 used a training program similar to experimental group 1 for 66.85±5.34 minutes, 3 times a wk and received a diet with half the amount of caloric restriction of experimental group 2. Results: Weight, BMI and WHR showed significant reduction in the experimental groups. Serum preptin levels were decreased by 21.97%, 28.32% and 27.11% in experimental groups 1, 2 and 3 respectively. HOMA-IR was decreased significantly in the 3 groups. Significant correlations were seen between changes of preptin and changes of weight, WHR and HOMA-IR (p<0.05). Conclusion: Considering the relationship between preptin and insulin resistance and the influence of aerobic exercise and caloric restriction, preptin may play an effective role in weight management and prevention of diabetes. © 2015, Endocrine Research Center. All rights reserved
Pediatric obesity: An introduction; The prevalence of child and adolescent obesity in the United States increased dramatically between 1970 and 2000, and there are few indications that the rates of childhood obesity are decreasing. Obesity is associated with myriad medical, psychological, and neurocognitive abnormalities that impact children's health and quality of life. Genotypic variation is important in determining the susceptibility of individual children to undue gains in adiposity; however, the rapid increase in pediatric obesity prevalence suggests that changes to children's environments and/or to their learned behaviors may dramatically affect body weight regulation. This paper presents an overview of the epidemiology, consequences, and etiopathogenesis of pediatric obesity, serving as a general introduction to the subsequent papers in this Special Issue that address aspects of childhood obesity and cognition in detail. © 2015.
Calculated insulin resistance correlates with stone-forming urinary metabolic changes and greater stone burden in high-risk stone patients; Aims: Metabolic syndrome and diabetes are associated with nephrolithiasis. Proposed mechanisms of lithogenesis include insulin resistance causing low urine pH and hyperinsulinemia leading to hypercalciuria. Herein, we sought to determine whether insulin resistance was associated with differences in stone burden and lithogenic changes on 24-hour urine samples. Materials and methods: All patients that underwent comprehensive metabolic workup including 24-hour urine samples and fasting insulin levels were included. Insulin resistance was defined as a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance value > 5 (HOMA-IR = (glucose×insulin)/405). Patients on active metabolic therapy were excluded or the 24-hour urine sample predating treatment was utilized for analysis. Stone burden was determined by totaling the maximal diameter of all stones noted on CT. Results: 18 of 30 patients (60.0%) had HOMA-IR > 5. Among patients with calculated insulin resistance, stone burden was greater (17.6 mm vs. 6.3 mm, p = 0.002) and 24-hour urine samples revealed higher urine calcium (293 mg/d vs. 159 mg/d, p = 0.02) and lower urine pH and citrate (454 mg/d vs. 639 mg/d, p = 0.04 and 5.83 vs. 6.33, p = 0.04, respectively). Conclusions: Previous studies have demonstrated a correlation between metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and nephrolithiasis. This report demonstrates a quantitative increase in stone burden among patients with calculated insulin resistance. The pathway for this greater stone burden may be related to the urinary metabolic changes noted among patients with insulin resistance. In the future, targeting reduction of fasting insulin levels may represent a key element of stone disease prevention. © 2016 Dustri-Verlag Dr. K. Feistle.
Standardizing the experimental conditions for using urine in NMR-based metabolomic studies with a particular focus on diagnostic studies: a review; The metabolic composition of human biofluids can provide important diagnostic and prognostic information. Among the biofluids most commonly analyzed in metabolomic studies, urine appears to be particularly useful. It is abundant, readily available, easily stored and can be collected by simple, noninvasive techniques. Moreover, given its chemical complexity, urine is particularly rich in potential disease biomarkers. This makes it an ideal biofluid for detecting or monitoring disease processes. Among the metabolomic tools available for urine analysis, NMR spectroscopy has proven to be particularly well-suited, because the technique is highly reproducible and requires minimal sample handling. As it permits the identification and quantification of a wide range of compounds, independent of their chemical properties, NMR spectroscopy has been frequently used to detect or discover disease fingerprints and biomarkers in urine. Although protocols for NMR data acquisition and processing have been standardized, no consensus on protocols for urine sample selection, collection, storage and preparation in NMR-based metabolomic studies have been developed. This lack of consensus may be leading to spurious biomarkers being reported and may account for a general lack of reproducibility between laboratories. Here, we review a large number of published studies on NMR-based urine metabolic profiling with the aim of identifying key variables that may affect the results of metabolomics studies. From this survey, we identify a number of issues that require either standardization or careful accounting in experimental design and provide some recommendations for urine collection, sample preparation and data acquisition. © 2014, The Author(s).
Circulating irisin levels are associated with lipid and uric acid metabolism in a Chinese population; Irisin is a novel hormone secreted by skeletal muscle after exercise, which may ameliorate insulin resistance. In this study, we aimed to explore the relationship between circulating irisin levels and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) as well as related metabolic traits in a Chinese population. A total of 203 subjects were recruited. Of these, 68 subjects with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 63 subjects with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 72 subjects with new-onset T2DM. Circulating irisin levels were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Detailed clinical investigations and biochemistry measurements were carried out in all of the subjects. Multivariate linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association between irisin levels and related metabolic characteristics. All subjects were classified into normal weight and overweight/obese subgroups according to body mass index (BMI). No significant differences in circulating irisin levels were identified among the three groups (P = 0.9741). After adjusting for covariates, multiple linear regression analysis revealed that serum irisin level was independently and significantly associated with total cholesterol (P = 0.0005), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.0014), fasting fatty acids (P = 0.0402) and uric acid (P = 0.0062). By dividing the serum irisin levels into three tertile groups, the values of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, fasting fatty acids and uric acid were all increased significantly with the increase of irisin (P < 0.05). Moreover, serum irisin levels remain closely related to total cholesterol in both normal weight and overweight/obese subgroups. Our study suggests that circulating irisin concentrations are significantly associated with lipid and uric acid metabolism in a Chinese population. © 2015 Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Parturition dysfunction in obesity: Time to target the pathobiology; Over a third of women of childbearing age in the United States are obese, and during pregnancy they are at increased risk for delayed labor onset and slow labor progress that often results in unplanned cesarean delivery. The biology behind this dysfunctional parturition is not well understood. Studies of obesity-induced changes in parturition physiology may facilitate approaches to optimize labor in obese women. In this review, we summarize known and proposed biologic effects of obesity on labor preparation, contraction/synchronization, and endurance, drawing on both clinical observation and experimental data. We present evidence from human and animal studies of interactions between obesity and parturition signaling in all elements of the birth process, including: delayed cervical ripening, prostaglandin insensitivity, amniotic membrane strengthening, decreased myometrial oxytocin receptor expression, decreased myocyte action potential initiation and contractility, decreased myocyte gap junction formation, and impaired myocyte neutralization of reactive oxygen species. We found convincing clinical data on the effect of obesity on labor initiation and successful delivery, but few studies on the underlying pathobiology. We suggest research opportunities and therapeutic interventions based on plausible biologic mechanisms. © 2015 Carlson et al.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): Review and update. Working group of the latinamerican society of pediatric gastroenterology, hepatology and nutrition (LASPGHAN); Summary Along with obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and its progression to esteatohepatitis, have become the most frequent liver disease among children and teenagers. Since cirrhosis could be an outcome of this condition, it is urgent to test for it in overweight and obese patients. Objectives. To compile in a single article strategies for clinical coaching and handling of children with this condition. On the basis of this revision, to promote research projects. Methods. SLAGHNP/LAPSGHAN, under responsibility and supervision of an editor/coordinator who chose contents and references with the best evidence, called its associates to perform this revision, after which edition and unification of the contents proposed. Results. The severity of EHGNA/ EHNA is established as a new infant liver disease and the lack of information on it in Latin America is noted unlike the United State, where its status as the most prevalent hepatopathy among children has been already established. Usefulness of blood chemistry tests and images is emphasized; although it has not been established when it should be recommended, it is clear liver biopsy is the gold standard for detecting the disease. Conclusions. It is important to start in Latin America research and follow-up programs on this disease, whose rapid progression will be continentwise a public health concern in the near future. A latin american register should be started under leadership of SLAGHNP/LAPSGHAN to establish this liver disease's epidemiology, establish a clinical diagnosis and choose adequate complimentary tests to confirm diagnosis. © 2016, Sociedad Argentina de Gastroenterologia. All rights reserved.
A genetic risk score is associated with polycystic ovary syndrome-related traits; STUDY QUESTION: Is a genetic risk score (GRS) associated with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and its related clinical features? SUMMARY ANSWER: The GRS calculated by genome-wide association studies (GWASs) was significantly associated with PCOS status and its related clinical features. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: PCOS is a heterogeneous disorder and is characterized by oligomenorrhea, hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary morphology. Although recent GWASs have identified multiple genes associated with PCOS, a comprehensive genetic risk study of these loci with PCOS and related traits (e.g. free testosterone, menstruation number/year and ovarian morphology) has not been performed. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This study was designed as a cross-sectional case-control study. We recruited 862 women with PCOS and 860 controls. Women with PCOS were divided into four subgroups: (1) oligomenorrhea + hyperandrogenism + polycystic ovary, (2) oligomenorrhea + hyperandrogenism, (3) oligomenorrhea + polycystic ovary and (4) hyperandrogenism + polycystic ovary. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTINGS, METHODS: Genomic DNA was genotyped for the PCOS susceptibility loci using the HumanOmni1-Quad v1 array. Venous blood was drawn in the early follicular phase to measure baseline metabolic and hormonal parameters. A GRS was calculated by summing the number of risk alleles from 11 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that were identified in previous GWASs on PCOS. A weighted GRS (wGRS) was calculated by multiplying the number of risk alleles for each SNP by its estimated effect (beta) obtained from the association analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The GRS was higher in women with PCOS than in controls (8.8 versus 8.2, P < 0.01) and was significantly associated with PCOS after adjusting for age and BMI. An analysis of GRS quartiles (Q1 = 3-5, Q2 = 6-8, Q3 = 9-11, Q4 = 12-15) revealed that the subjects in the highest quartile showed a remarkable increased risk of PCOS compared with those in the lowest quartile (odds ratio = 6.28, P < 0.001). Free testosterone level, menstruation number per year, ovarian volume and ovarian follicle numbers were significantly associated with the GRS (in all cases, P < 0.01). The wGRS yielded similar results. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We used 11 loci for the calculation of GRS, but a higher number of PCOS risk alleles was reported in previous studies. Therefore, further studies should assess the value of GRS including the additional SNPs related to PCOS. Although a GRS of ≥12 was significantly associated with PCOS, the GRS showed a poor predictive value; therefore, the use of genetic information based on current GWAS data only may present problems. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The GRS could be used to identify asymptomatic individuals among people at risk and stratify them into accurate risk categories for the purpose of individualizing treatment approaches, which could potentially improve health outcomes. © The Author 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Novel molecules regulating energy homeostasis: Physiology and regulation by macronutrient intake and weight loss; Excess energy intake, without a compensatory increase of energy expenditure, leads to obesity. Several molecules are involved in energy homeostasis regulation and new ones are being discovered constantly. Appetite regulating hormones such as ghrelin, peptide tyrosine-tyrosine and amylin or incretins such as the gastric inhibitory polypeptide have been studied extensively while other molecules such as fibroblast growth factor 21, chemerin, irisin, secreted frizzle-related protein-4, total bile acids, and heme oxygenase- 1 have been linked to energy homeostasis regulation more recently and the specific role of each one of them has not been fully elucidated. This mini review focuses on the above mentioned molecules and discusses them in relation to their regulation by the macronutrient composition of the diet as well as diet-induced weight loss. © 2016 Korean Endocrine Society.
Effect of Sardina pilchardus oil on alloxan-induced diabetic rats; The purpose of this study was to prevent or to delay the onset of diabetes-related complications, by using a natural marine resource, Sardina pilchardus oil, administrated to alloxan-induced diabetic rats showing hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis of the sardine oil detected 18 constituents. The major ones were n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids among which are docosahexaenoic acid (25.09%) and eicosapentaenoic acid (19.61%). Sardine oil inhibited the α-amylase activity in rats sera (26.82%) and thus improved glycemia (54%). The supplement of this oil protected the β-cells from death and damage, significantly decreased total triglycerides, total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in diabetic rats sera and increased the HDL-cholesterol level. Gavage administration of this oil to rats protected the liver and kidney functions by reducing the aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase and phosphatase alkaline activities, and by decreasing creatinine, urea and uric acid levels. © 2016 Taylor and Francis.
Comparison of serum and urinary cortisol levels in women with gestational diabetes and healthy pregnant women; Introduction: Gestational diabetes is defined as carbohydrate intolerance with different severity which is first diagnosed or occurred during pregnancy. Pregnancy as a stressful situation increases the secretion of cortisol. Therefore, considering the relation between cortisol hormone and gestational diabetes, this study was performed with the aim to evaluate and compare serum and urinary cortisol levels in healthy pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes. Methods: This cross-sectional study was performed on 42 women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and 42 healthy pregnant women who had referred to Kermanshah diabetic center in 2013. In 24thgestational weeks, 24-h urine sample and no fasting blood sample were provided to assess cortisol level. Data was analyzed using SPSS software (version 16) and statistical tests of independent-t, Pearson correlation, multivariate covariance analysis, and Mann-Whitney. PResults: According to multivariate analysis of covariance analysis, there was significant difference between serum and urinary cortisol levels in two groups of healthy pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes (P<0.001). In the evaluation of under the ROC curve, 0.855 was obtained for serum cortisol and 0.866 for urinary cortisol, and to diagnose the gestational diabetes, sensitivity and specificity of serum cortisol were obtained 79.5% and 82.9%, and sensitivity and specificity of urine cortisol 84.6% and 90.2%, respectively. Conclusion: Serum and urinary cortisol levels is significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes compared to healthy pregnant women. Perhaps with performing studies, these criteria can be used as a criterion to diagnose gestational diabetes. Urinary cortisol level with higher sensitivity and specificity and more non-invasive method is preferred to serum cortisol test. © 2015 - Journal Management System. Created by sinaweb.
Serum betatrophin level increased in subjects with metabolic syndrome: A case-control study; Background: Betatrophin is a novel adipokine that provokes pancreatic β-cell proliferation and is involved in lipid metabolism. Aims: This study aims to evaluate the role of serum betatrophin in metabolic syndrome (MetS). Methods: A hospital-based, age-/gender-matched case control study was conducted. The serum betatrophin level was evaluated by enzymelinked immunosorbent assay. Serum concentrations of 12 adipokines were measured to assess their associations with serum betatrophin, using commercial Adipokine Magnetic Bead Panel kits. Statistical analyses included bivariate correlation, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and multivariate stepwise linear regression. Results: Serum betatrophin showed a higher level in MetS patients (997.36 ± 475.92 pg/ml, p = 0.001) compared with controls (735.35 ± 526.51 pg/ml). Compared with the lowest tertile, the highest tertile of serum betatrophin level indicated an association with higher risk of MetS (adjusted odds ratio = 3.521, 95% confidence interval [CI] [1.191-10.413], p = 0.023). ROC curve of betatrophin was developed to predict the presence of MetS (area under ROC = 0.682 [95% CI, 0.597-0.767], p < 0.001). Furthermore, betatrophin correlated with several parameters, e.g. age (r = 0.286, p < 0.001), body mass index (r = 0.160, p = 0.046), waist-to-hip ratio (r = 0.241, p = 0.002), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = -0.167, p = 0.037), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = -0.195, p = 0.015), fasting plasma glucose (r = 0.266, p = 0.001), hemoglobin A1C (r = 0.314, p < 0.001), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (r = 0.272, p = 0.001), and various adipokines, e.g. resistin (r = 0.571, p < 0.001), interleukin-8 (r = 0.435, p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-α (r = 0.295, p = 0.011) and lipocalin-2 (r = 0.346, p = 0.003). Conclusions: This study supports that serum betatrophin plays an important role in MetS, involving the regulations of glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation. © 2016, Grupo Aula Medica S.A. All rights reserved.
Theory and Applications of NMR-Based Metabolomics in Human Disease Diagnosis; Metabolomics is a dynamic and emerging research field, joining proteomics, transcriptomics and genomics in affording a comprehensive understanding of biological systems and how these systems are affected by environmental stimuli and/or genetic modification. Metabolomics is particularly helpful for identifying biomarkers of disease processes such as the effects of a high fat diet on cardiovascular disease, providing insight into the interaction between genes and diet. Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) and Mass spectrometry (MS) are the most common analytical tools in metabolomics research. The high reproducibility of NMR-based techniques makes it superior to other analytical techniques especially in terms of searching for new and novel biomarkers in human diseases. Recently, NMR-based metabolomics approaches have been proposed as a promising and powerful technique for diagnosis of several human diseases. They have been used to investigate a wide range of diseases, through the examination of different kinds of human samples, including urine, blood plasma/serum, blister fluid, saliva, as well as intact tissue biopsies and tissue extracts. However, several factors can influence the metabolic balance within the human body and therefore in samples drawn from the body, including gender, age, fasting, diet, emotional stress, drug administration, physical activity and life style, thus complicating the use of NMR-based metabolomics approaches in diagnosing specific human disease. This chapter highlights the potential applications of NMR-based metabolomics approaches as a promising technique for diagnosis of human diseases. © 2015 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Functional metabolomics: from biomarker discovery to metabolome reprogramming; Metabolomics is emerging as a powerful tool for studying metabolic processes, identifying crucial biomarkers responsible for metabolic characteristics and revealing metabolic mechanisms, which construct the content of discovery metabolomics. The crucial biomarkers can be used to reprogram a metabolome, leading to an aimed metabolic strategy to cope with alteration of internal and external environments, naming reprogramming metabolomics here. The striking feature on the similarity of the basic metabolic pathways and components among vastly different species makes the reprogramming metabolomics possible when the engineered metabolites play biological roles in cellular activity as a substrate of enzymes and a regulator to other molecules including proteins. The reprogramming metabolomics approach can be used to clarify metabolic mechanisms of responding to changed internal and external environmental factors and to establish a framework to develop targeted tools for dealing with the changes such as controlling and/or preventing infection with pathogens and enhancing host immunity against pathogens. This review introduces the current state and trends of discovery metabolomics and reprogramming metabolomics and highlights the importance of reprogramming metabolomics. © 2015, The Author(s).
The detection and role of heat shock protein 70 in various nondisease conditions and disease conditions: a literature review; As an intracellular polypeptide, heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) can be exposed on the plasma membrane and/or released into the circulation. However, the role of HSP70 in various nondisease and disease conditions remains unknown. Quantitative methods for the detection of HSP70 have been used in clinical studies, revealing that an increase in circulating HSP70 is associated with various types of exercise, elderly patients presenting with inflammation, mobile phones, inflammation, sepsis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma, carotid intima-media thickness, glutamine-treated ill patients, mortality, diabetes mellitus, active chronic glomerulonephritis, and cancers. Circulating HSP70 decreases with age in humans and in obstructive sleep apnea, arteriosclerosis, atrial fibrillation (AF) following coronary artery bypass surgery, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, moderate-to-severe alcoholic fatty liver disease, hepatic steatosis, and Helicobacter pylori infection. In conclusion, quantitative methods can be used to detect HSP70, particularly in determining circulating HSP70 levels, using more convenient and rapid screening methods. Studies have shown that changes in HSP70 are associated with various nondisease and disease conditions; thus, HSP70 might be a novel potential biomarker reflecting various nondisease conditions and also the severity of disease conditions. However, the reliability and accuracy, as well as the underlying mechanism, of this relationship remain poorly understood, and large-sample clinical research must be performed to verify the role. © 2015, Cell Stress Society International.
FoxO transcription factors and regenerative pathways in diabetes mellitus; Mammalian forkhead transcription factors of the O class (FoxO) are exciting targets under consideration for the development of new clinical entities to treat metabolic disorders and diabetes mellitus (DM). DM, a disorder that currently affects greater than 350 million individuals globally, can become a devastating disease that leads to cellular injury through oxidative stress pathways and affects multiple systems of the body. FoxO proteins can regulate insulin signaling, gluconeogenesis, insulin resistance, immune cell migration, and cell senescence. FoxO proteins also control cell fate through oxidative stress and pathways of autophagy and apoptosis that either lead to tissue regeneration or cell demise. Furthermore, FoxO signaling can be dependent upon signal transduction pathways that include silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog 1 (S. cerevisiae) (SIRT1), Wnt, and Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP1). Cellular metabolic pathways driven by FoxO proteins are complex, can lead to variable clinical outcomes, and require in-depth analysis of the epigenetic and post-translation protein modifications that drive FoxO protein activation and degradation. © 2015 Bentham Science Publishers.
Sheehan’s syndrome: new insights into an old disease; Sheehan’s syndrome (SS) is a parturition-related pituitary disease resulting from severe postpartum hemorrhage and can present with varying degrees of pituitary insufficiency. Pathological and clinical findings of SS were first described by Harold L. Sheehan in the previous century. Although his definitions are still valid, various studies and reports including new data have subsequently been published. Additionally, the diagnosis of SS has often been overlooked and thus delayed for long years due to its nonspecific signs and symptoms. Therefore, a large number of patients may be remained undiagnosed and untreated. SS is not as rare as assumed in developed countries, probably due to migrant women and unawareness of physicians regarding the syndrome. In this review, we provide a detailed review of the epidemiology, etiopathogenesis, clinical, laboratory and radiological features, new diagnostic criteria, differential diagnosis, and treatment of SS. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
MicroRNAs as regulators of metabolic disease: Pathophysiologic significance and emerging role as biomarkers and therapeutics; The prevalence of overweight and obesity in developed and developing countries has greatly increased the risk of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. It is evident from human and animal studies that obesity alters microRNA (miRNA) expression in metabolically important organs, and that miRNAs are involved in changes to normal physiology, acting as mediators of disease. miRNAs regulate multiple pathways including insulin signaling, immune-mediated inflammation, adipokine expression, adipogenesis, lipid metabolism, and food intake regulation. Thus, miRNA-based therapeutics represent an innovative and attractive treatment modality, with non-human primate studies showing great promise. In addition, miRNA measures in plasma or bodily fluids may be used as disease biomarkers and predictors of metabolic disease in humans. This review analyzes the role of miRNAs in obesity and insulin resistance, focusing on the miR-17/92, miR-143-145, miR-130, let-7, miR-221/222, miR-200, miR-223, miR-29 and miR-375 families, as well as miRNA changes by relevant tissue (adipose, liver and skeletal muscle). Further, the current and future applications of miRNA-based therapeutics and diagnostics in metabolic disease are discussed. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Association between serum sialic acid levels and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: A cross-sectional study; Background: To assess the association between serum sialic acid (SA) levels and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a Chinese population. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed among 3,898 Chinese who took their annual health examination. Serum SA levels and other clinical and laboratory parameters were measured. Results: A total of 18.11% fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of NAFLD. NAFLD subjects with/without metabolic syndrome (MS) had significantly higher serum SA levels than those without NAFLD. Serum SA levels were significantly and positively correlated with components of MS (body mass index, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, triglyceride and fasting plasma glucose) in the NAFLD group. Stepwise logistic regression analysis showed that SA levels were significantly associated with the risk factor for NAFLD. Serum SA levels were negatively correlated with the FIB-4 score, and lower serum SA levels were independent factors predicting advanced fibrosis in subjects with NAFLD. Conclusions: Our results showed a significant association between serum SA levels and NAFLD. © 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel.
The role of lipids in inflammation: Review of the evolving pathogenesis of sickle cell disease; The pathologic features of sickle cell disease had been known in the past to be as a result of red cell abnormality leading to vascular occlusion, haemolysis and consequent anaemia. Recent knowledge has revealed numerous pathogenetic pathways involving leukocytes, platelets and the vascular endothelium. Complex interactions between the inflammatory cytokines and the membrane lipids in sickle cell present several pathogenetic processes affecting disease severity. The mechanisms of membrane fluidity, aggregation, adhesion and inflammation are strongly associated with membrane lipid constitution. The omega -3 fatty acids via incorporation into the lipid membrane have been found to play a central role in suppressing inflammation in several disease processes. Variations in disease severity have been shown to correspond with levels of fatty acid desaturases involved in the synthesis of these fatty acids. The genes coding for these substances can also be manipulated to achieve a favorable outcome and may provide several possible therapeutic and prophylactic access points This review aims at exploring these delicate interactions and proffering possible targets to ameliorate disease features. The information and referenced publications quoted in this review were obtained from the PubMed Central database, using the search keywords; inflammation, sickle cell, fatty acids and cytokines. ï¿½ 2015 Madu AJ.
Prioritizing environmental chemicals for obesity and diabetes outcomes research: A screening approach using ToxCast™ high-throughput data; Background: Diabetes and obesity are major threats to public health in the United States and abroad. Understanding the role that chemicals in our environment play in the development of these conditions is an emerging issue in environmental health, although identifying and prioritizing chemicals for testing beyond those already implicated in the literature is challenging. This review is intended to help researchers generate hypotheses about chemicals that may contribute to diabetes and to obesity-related health outcomes by summarizing relevant findings from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ToxCast™ high-throughput screening (HTS) program. oBjectives: Our aim was to develop new hypotheses around environmental chemicals of potential interest for diabetes-or obesity-related outcomes using high-throughput screening data. Methods: We identified ToxCast™ assay targets relevant to several biological processes related to diabetes and obesity (insulin sensitivity in peripheral tissue, pancreatic islet and β cell function, adipocyte differentiation, and feeding behavior) and presented chemical screening data against those assay targets to identify chemicals of potential interest. discussion: The results of this screening-level analysis suggest that the spectrum of environmental chemicals to consider in research related to diabetes and obesity is much broader than indicated by research papers and reviews published in the peer-reviewed literature. Testing hypotheses based on ToxCast™ data will also help assess the predictive utility of this HTS platform. conclusions: More research is required to put these screening-level analyses into context, but the information presented in this review should facilitate the development of new hypotheses. © 2016, Public Health Services, US Dept of Health and Human Services. All rights reserved.
Paleolithic and mediterranean diet pattern scores are inversely associated with biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative balance in adults; Background: Chronic inflammation and oxidative balance are associated with poor diet quality and risk of cancer and other chronic diseases. A diet-inflammation/oxidative balance association may relate to evolutionary discordance. Objective: We investigated associations between 2 diet pattern scores, the Paleolithic and the Mediterranean, and circulating concentrations of 2 related biomarkers, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), an acute inflammatory protein, and F2-isoprostane, a reliable marker of in vivo lipid peroxidation. Methods: In a pooled cross-sectional study of 30-to 74-y-old men and women in an elective outpatient colonoscopy population (n = 646), we created diet scores from responses on Willett food-frequency questionnaires and measured plasma hsCRP and F2-isoprostane concentrations by ELISA and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, respectively. Both diet scores were calculated and categorized into quintiles, and their associations with biomarker concentrations were estimated with the use of general linear models to calculate and compare adjusted geometric means, and via unconditional ordinal logistic regression. Results: There were statistically significant trends for decreasing geometric mean plasma hsCRP and F2-isoprostane concentrations with increasing quintiles of the Paleolithic and Mediterranean diet scores. The multivariable-adjusted ORs comparing those in the highest with those in the lowest quintiles of the Paleolithic and Mediterranean diet scores were 0.61 (95% CI: 0.36, 1.05; P-trend = 0.06) and 0.71 (95% CI: 0.42, 1.20; P-trend = 0.01), respectively, for a higher hsCRP concentration, and 0.51 (95% CI: 0.27, 0.95; P-trend 0.01) and 0.39 (95% CI: 0.21, 0.73; P-trend = 0.01), respectively, for a higher F2-isoprostane concentration. Conclusion: These findings suggest that diets that are more Paleolithic- or Mediterranean-like may be associated with lower levels of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress in humans. © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Serum irisin and leptin levels in obese and non-obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome with reference to glucose homeostasis; Objective: This study was aimed to evaluate the effect of serum leptin level on irisin level in relation to glucose homeostasis that to be associated with hormonal changes (Luteinizing hormone (LH), Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), Prolactin (PRL), Testosterone (TES)) in obese and non-obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: Fifty women with polycystic ovaries syndrome (PCOS) and thirty-four apparently healthy control women with regular menstruation (28±2days) were included in this study both of PCOS patients and controls were divided into sub-groups according to their body mass index (BMI) into: twenty-five obese (BMI ≥30) with (BMI= 35.934±0.746) and another twenty-five non-obese polycystic ovaries syndrome women (BMI=25.074±0.456). Whereas, controls were divided as seventeen obese (BMI= 37.140±1.470) and seventeen non-obese (BMI= 25.022±0.683) healthy control women with regular menstruation with an age range (20-40 y) and BMI matching that of the patient groups. Venous blood samples were collected to measure serum levels of luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), LH/FSH, prolactin (PRL), total testosterone (TES), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH). As well as, fasting glucose, irisin, leptin, and insulin. Besides, estimating Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) index, β-cell function was determined using the Homeostasis Model Assessment of β-cell function (HOMA-β). Results: Serum irisin levels were not significantly different from their corresponding controls, in both obese and non-obese PCOS patients. Whereas, serum irisin levels were elevated significantly in both obese (patients and control) as compared to non-obese (patients and controls), respectively. But, serum leptin levels were significantly elevated in obese PCOS patients as compared to their corresponding control group, non-obese control, and non-obese PCOS patients. However, serum leptin levels were not significantly different in non-obese women groups, both the PCOS and controls. The irisin/insulin ratio expressed no significant variations from its corresponding control in non-obese groups. But the obese PCOS patient’s values were highly significantly different as compared to their control (p<0.01). Furthermore, irisin/insulin ratio was elevated significantly in obese control as compared to non-obese patients (p = 0.001), but not with non-obese controls (p=0.114). The leptin/insulin ratio was not significantly varied in PCOS groups from their corresponding control in non-obese (p = 0.094) but in obese PCOS patients, there was significantly different as compared to its control (p = 0.01). Furthermore, leptin to insulin ratio was not significantly different between patients groups (non-obese and obese, p=0.133), nor between the studied controls (p=0.705). Conclusion: Although serum irisin levels show no significant variation in subjects in relation to PCOS condition, it seems more to be related to BMI, since it’s secreted by adipocytes. And because leptin and irisin levels would be elevated in obese subjects that would be related to PCOS pathogenesis. However, irisin/leptin ratio could aid only in the differentiation of patients with PCOS and normal subjects within the same BMI values. Irisin/insulin ratio seems to be a better indicator for PCOS condition regardless to BMI, where it showed significantly lowered values and to be negatively correlated with HOMA-IR in obese and non-obese, and even to be significantly correlated with LH/FSH ratio in obese PCOS patients. © 2016 The Authors.
Theses and Dissertations Completed in Family and Consumer Sciences in 2014; The annual survey of graduate programs at U.S. universities and colleges was conducted in the spring of 2015 to compile a list of theses and dissertations completed in 2014 in family and consumer sciences areas of interest. For the survey, requests for the titles and authors were sent via email to institutions three times within a six-week period. Forty-four colleges and universities responded to the survey. A total of 356 theses and 177 dissertations were reported. A report of those submissions, by subject category, author, and title, is provided. © 2015 American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences.
Polymorphisms at locus 4p14 of Toll-like receptors TLR-1 and TLR-10 confer susceptibility to gastric carcinoma in Helicobacter pylori infection; Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori)-induced gastric inflammation impacts the functions of leptinand ghrelin-producing cells in the gastroduodenum. Inflammation resulting from H. pylori sensing via Toll-like receptors (TLRs) and the associated downstream signaling largely remain ambiguous. Here, we investigated the role of gut hormones, pro-inflammatory cytokines and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with TLR 4p14 in H. pylori disease in 30 subjects with non-ulcer dyspepsia (NUD), 40 with peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and 15 with gastric cancer (GC) subjects positive and negative for H. pylori infection. The level of pro-inflammatory cytokines was directly proportional to the severity of gastritis, and disease status influenced the levels of gut hormones and pro-inflammatory cytokines. TLR-1 SNPs rs4833095 and TLR-10 SNPs rs10004195 and were directly associated with H. pylori disease, and were up-regulated in the presence of H. pylori in a genotype-independent manner. We concluded that TLR-1 rs4833095 and TLR10 rs10004195 confer susceptibility to development of gastroduodenal disease, especially GC in H.pylori disease. © 2015 Ravishankar Ram et al.
Serum adipocytokines in pregnant women with different glucose metabolism status; Objective: To evaluate clinical features, insulin sensitivity, and serum adipocytokines levels in pregnant women with different glucose tolerance status and to investigate the possible serum predictive biomarkers of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We included 74 pregnant women with positive results of 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT), who received regular obstetrical follow-up in Peking Union Medical College Hospital from January 2009 to June 2012. A further 100 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 24-28 gestational weeks, based on which the 74 pregnant women were divided into GDM group (n=25), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) group (n=25) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) group (n=24). The clinical data were recorded in detail. Serum fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-19, FGF-21, visceral adipose-specific serine protease inhibitor (vaspin), leptin, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), and adiponectin levels of the 3 groups were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and compared. The associations of these adipocytokines with the patients' baseline data and metabolic indexes were analyzed. Results: The blood glucose after GCT and glycosylated hemoglobin A1c in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the NGT group [(9.21±0.75) mmol/L vs. (8.52±0.50) mmol/L, P<0.05; (5.39±0.34)% vs. (5.18±0.20)%, P<0.05], but not significantly different from those in the IGT group [(9.14±0.64) mmol/L, P>0.05; (5.28±0.28)%, P>0.05]. Age, systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure in the first trimester, pre-gestational body mass index (BMI), increment of BMI during pregnancy, serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and C-reactive protein levels in the three groups showed no significant differences (all P>0.05). From the NGT group to the IGT group to the GDM group, the area under curve of blood glucose (AUCBG) [(19.84±1.95), (23.20±1.51), (26.58±2.02) mmol/(L·h)] and AUC of insulin (AUCINS) [(1.84±0.91)×103, (1.85±1.15)×103, (2.49±1.36)×103 μmol/(L·h)] both gradually increased. Compared with the NGT group, the GDM group had significantly higher HOMA-IR [3.0 (1.5, 5.2) vs. 2.5 (1.5, 3.4), P<0.05] significantly lower HOMA-β [230.5 (144.6,311.6) vs. 235.6 (168.1,350.0), P<0.05]. Among the GDM, the IGT, and the NGT groups, there were no significant differences in serum FGF-19 [(284.42±78.16), (268.17±72.97), (283.86±79.74) ng/L], FGF-21 [(798.16±273.57), (882.43±322.17), (842.75±343.01) ng/L], vaspin [(22.36±7.27), (23.53±7.90), (22.63±9.11) μg/L], leptin [(5.51±1.44), (5.58±1.58), (5.48±1.47) μg/L], adiponectin [(798.85±255.14), (863.44±252.18), (828.36±249.32) μg/L] and IGFBP-1 [(40.44±16.41), (49.57±12.60), (43.80±16.58) μg/L] levels (all P>0.05). Conclusions: There are no significant differences of a variety of adipocytokines in pregnant women with different glucose tolerance status, and no effective serum predictors of GDM are found. The effect of adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of GDM remains to be further investigated. Copyright © 2015 by the Chinese Medical Association.
Effects of Dietary Lipid Intake on Diabetes; Diabetes is characterized by increased blood glucose. Its onset is attributable to both genetic and environmental factors. Dietary lipid intake in excess is one of the risk factors of type 2 diabetes. This chapter reviews the effects of total dietary lipid and lipid classes on insulin sensitivity and diabetes risk. The molecular mechanisms involved in the onset and progression of diabetes in adipose tissue, liver, muscle, and pancreatic β-cells are described. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Plasma C1q/TNF-Related Protein-3 (CTRP-3) and High-Mobility Group Box-1 (HMGB-1) Concentrations in Subjects with Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes; Aims. To detect the association of C1q/TNF-related protein-3 (CTRP-3) and high-mobility group box-1 (HMGB-1) in subjects with prediabetes (pre-DM) and newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes (nT2DM). Methods. 224 eligible participants were included. The 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and several clinical parameters of metabolic disorders and cytokines were measured. All participants were divided into three groups: normal glucose tolerance (NGT, n = 62), pre-DM (n = 111), and nT2DM group (n = 56). Results. Plasma CTRP-3 concentrations were significantly lower in subjects with pre-DM and nT2DM than that of the NGT group, while plasma HMGB-1 levels were higher in pre-DM and nT2DM group compared with the NGT group (P < 0.05). A multiple linear regression analysis showed both plasma CTRP-3 and HMGB-1 concentrations were independently associated with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) (P < 0.05 for all). Further multiple logistical regression analyses revealed that both plasma CTRP-3 and HMGB-1 levels were significantly associated with pre-DM and nT2DM after adjusting for several confounders (P < 0.0 01 for all). Conclusions. Circulating CTRP-3 and HMGB-1 concentrations might be promising biomarkers to predict prediabetes and type 2 diabetes. © 2016 Huili Wei et al.
Vitamin D supplementation affects the beck depression inventory, insulin resistance, and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized, controlled clinical trial; Background: Vitamin D may decrease depression symptoms through its beneficial effects on neurotransmitters, metabolic profiles, biomarkers of inflammation, and oxidative stress. Objective: This study was designed to assess whether vitamin D supplementation can reduce symptoms of depression, metabolic profiles, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed in 40 patients between 18 and 65 y of age with a diagnosis of MDD based on criteria from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either a single capsule of 50 kIU vitamin D/wk (n = 20) or placebo (n = 20) for 8 wk. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and postintervention to quantify relevant variables. The primary [Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), which examines depressive symptoms] and secondary (glucose homeostasis variables, lipid profiles, hs-CRP, and biomarkers of oxidative stress) outcomes were assessed. Results: Baseline concentrations of mean serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D were significantly different between the 2 groups (9.2 ± 6.0 and 13.6 ± 7.9 mg/L in the placebo and control groups, respectively, P = 0.02). After 8 wk of intervention, changes in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations were significantly greater in the vitamin D group (+20.4 mg/L) than in the placebo group (20.9 mg/L, P < 0.001). A trend toward a greater decrease in the BDI was observed in the vitamin D group than in the placebo group (-8.0 and -3.3, respectively, P = 0.06). Changes in serum insulin (23.6 compared with +2.9 μIU/mL, P = 0.02), estimated homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (-1.0 compared with +0.6, P = 0.01), estimated homeostasis model assessment of β cell function (-13.9 compared with +10.3, P = 0.03), plasma total antioxidant capacity (+63.1 compared with -23.4 mmol/L, P = 0.04), and glutathione (+170 compared with -213 μmol/L, P = 0.04) in the vitamin D group were significantly different from those in the placebo group. Conclusion: Overall, vitamin D supplementation of patients with MDD for 8 wk had beneficial effects on the BDI, indicators of glucose homeostasis, and oxidative stress. This trial was registered at www.irct.ir as IRCT201412065623N29. © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Association between dietary patterns and the indicators of obesity among Chinese: A cross-sectional study; No previous study has investigated dietary pattern in association with obesity risk in a middle-aged Chinese population. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the associations between dietary patterns and the risk of obesity in the city of Hangzhou, the capital of Zhejiang Province, east China. In this cross-sectional study of 2560 subjects aged 45-60 years, dietary intakes were evaluated using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). All anthropometric measurements were obtained using standardized procedures. The partial correlation analysis was performed to assess the associations between dietary patterns and body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and waist to hip ratio (WHR). Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to examine the associations between dietary patterns and obesity, with adjustment for potential confounders. Four major dietary patterns were extracted by means of factor analysis: animal food, traditional Chinese, western fast-food, and high-salt patterns. The animal food pattern was positively associated with BMI (r=0.082, 0.144, respectively, p < 0.05) and WC (r=0.102, 0.132, respectively, p < 0.01), and the traditional Chinese pattern was inversely associated with BMI (r=-0.047, -0.116, respectively, p < 0.05) and WC (r= -0.067, -0.113, respectively, p < 0.05) in both genders. After controlling for potential confounders, subjects in the highest quartile of animal food pattern scores had a greater odds ratio for abdominal obesity (odds ratio (OR)=1.67; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.188-2.340; p < 0.01), in comparison to those from the lowest quartile. Compared with the lowest quartile of the traditional Chinese pattern, the highest quartile had a lower odds ratio for abdominal obesity (OR=0.63; 95% CI: 0.441-0.901, p < 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings indicated that the animal food pattern was associated with a higher risk of abdominal obesity, while the traditional Chinese pattern was associated with a lower risk of abdominal obesity. Further prospective studies are warranted to confirm these findings. © 2015 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Protective effects of Zygophyllum album extract against deltamethrin-induced hyperglycemia and hepato-pancreatic disorders in rats; The current study was designed to investigate the possible mechanism involved in hyperglycemia induced by chronic exposure to deltamethrin (DLM) in rat and to assess whether this damage is amenable to modulation by Zygophyllum album. DLM, a synthetic pyrethroid pesticide, was administrated at a dose of 4 mg/kg body mass, during 60 days. Compared with control, DLM showed a significant increase of blood glucose (p ≤ 0.01) and glycosylated hemoglobin levels (p ≤ 0.01) and a clear decrease (p ≤ 0.01) of insulin and total hemoglobin levels. In addition, hepatic glycogen content and the activity of hexokinase decreased (p ≤ 0.01), whereas the activities of glucose-6-phosphatase and glycogen phosphorylase were significantly increased (p ≤ 0.01). Moreover, pancreatic lipid peroxidation (TBARS level) was higher (p ≤ 0.01) and oxidative stress biomarkers (SOD, CAT, GPx, and GSH) were altered owing to DLM toxicity. However, Z. album, when combined with DLM, significantly ameliorated almost all the hepato-pancreatic disorders induced by DLM alone. Furthermore, Z. album supplement was found to be effective in preserving the normal histological appearance of hepatic and pancreatic tissue. In conclusion, this study suggested that, owing to its antioxidant effects, methanolic extract of Z. album (MEZAL) can potentially prevent the hyperglycemia observed in DLM-treated group. © 2016, Can. J. Physiol. Pharmacol. All Rights Reserved.
Evaluating the effects of metformin use on height in children and adolescents ameta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; IMPORTANCE Metformin hydrochloride use is increasing in children and adolescents. Previous meta-analyses have identified a large variability in the effects of metformin use on body mass index changes but have not considered height changes as a confounder, to our knowledge. OBJECTIVE To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of metformin use on height in children and adolescents. DATA SOURCES Computerized databases, including MEDLINE and EMBASE, were searched up to September 9, 2014, for terms related to metformin and childhood or adolescence. STUDY SELECTION Randomized clinical trials examining the effects of metformin use on height of participants younger than 19 years were considered eligible. Trials with cointerventions other than lifestyle changes were excluded. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS Height,weight, body mass index, age, sex, metformin dosage, and study duration were independently extracted by 2 reviewers. The weighted mean differences for changes in height, weight, and body mass index were compared between the metformin and control groups using random-effects models. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURE Height changes. RESULTS Ten studies were included, with a total of 562 participants, 330 (58.7%) of whom were female. The mean age within the studies ranged from 7.9 to 16.1 years, with a high variability in most studies. The duration of metformin interventions lasted from 3 to 48 months. Overall, height changes were not significantly different between the metformin and control groups. However, stratified analyses according to the cumulativemetformin dose (in milligrams per day times the number of days of treatment) showed a greater increase in height with metformin use in the 5 studies providing the largest cumulativemetformin doses (weighted mean difference, 1.0; 95%CI, 0.0 to 2.0 cm) but not in the 5 studies providing the lowest doses (weighted mean difference,-0.1; 95%CI,-0.7 to 1.0 cm) compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Preliminary evidence suggests a dose-response relationship between metformin use and increases in height in children and adolescents compared with a control group. While an approximate 1-cm increase in height may appear small, it is likely underestimated given that many studies were of short duration and included older adolescents, potentially after epiphyseal growth plate closure. © Copyright 2015 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Influence of early-life environmental exposures on immune function across the life span; As described in other chapters of this book, the function of the mature, fully formed immune system can be altered by a variety of environmental factors. While it is important to understand how these exposures modulate the immune system, an understudied aspect of how the environment shapes the immune system is the impact of exposures during development on the way the immune system functions later in life. Early life is a particularly susceptible time window for environmental exposures, because this is when the development and programming of multiple organs systems occurs (Nat Struct Mol Biol 20(3):282-289, 2013). In fact, some studies have shown that exposures during development lead to persistent changes in the function of other organ systems. Moreover, exposures during critical developmental periods lead to potentially permanent functional differences, as opposed to the generally transient changes that occurs after exposures during adulthood (Environ Health Perspect 120(10):1353-1361, 2012). Herein, we review the current evidence that the function of the immune system is sensitive to perturbation by developmental exposure to environmental agents. For some compounds, there is strong evidence that there are persistent immune defects associated with developmental exposures. For others, there are a handful of studies that suggest there may be immune consequences of developmental exposures. However, for many exposures little or nothing is known about whether developmental exposure has immunomodulatory effects that persist later in life. To provide an overview of current knowledge, we divide these exposures into five groups: pollutants for which a specific cellular receptor has been identified, smoke, heavy metals, pharmaceuticals, and maternal diet. Clearly, some of these agents contain a mixture of components, and metabolites of these agents may fall in to more than one category. Thus, in some situations the developing immune system is likely exposed to multiple environmental insults simultaneously. However, for brevity they are discussed in one place, acknowledging that these categories are not mutually exclusive. © Springer-Verlag Wien 2016.
Assessing the fetal effects of maternal obesity via transcriptomic analysis of cord blood: A prospective case-control study; Objective To analyse fetal gene expression at term using umbilical cord blood, in order to provide insights into the effects of maternal obesity on human development. Design Prospective case-control study. Setting Academic tertiary care centre. Population Eight obese (body mass index ≥30 kg/m2) and eight lean (body mass index <25 kg/m2) pregnant women undergoing prelabour caesarean delivery at term. Methods Women were matched for gestational age and fetal sex. Cord blood RNA was extracted and hybridised to gene expression arrays. Differentially regulated genes were identified using paired t-tests and the Benjamini-Hochberg correction. Functional analyses were performed using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis, BioGPS and Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with a fetal-specific annotation. Z-scores ≥2.0 or P-values <0.01 were considered significant. Main outcome measure Functions of differentially regulated genes in fetuses of obese women. Results A total of 701 differentially regulated genes were identified, producing an expression profile implicating neurodegeneration, decreased survival of sensory neurons, and decreased neurogenesis in the fetuses of obese women. Upstream regulators related to inflammatory signalling were significantly activated; those related to insulin receptor signalling, lipid homeostasis, regulation of axonal guidance, and cellular response to oxidative stress were significantly inhibited. Of 26 tissue-specific genes that were differentially regulated in fetuses of obese women, six mapped to the fetal brain. Conclusion Maternal obesity affects fetal gene expression at term, implicating dysregulated brain development, inflammatory and immune signalling, glucose and lipid homeostasis, and oxidative stress. This may have implications for postnatal neurodevelopment and metabolism. Tweetable abstract Fetal cord blood transcriptome in obese women suggests neurodevelopmental and metabolic programming effects. © 2015 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces inflammation in obese pregnant women: A randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial; Objective: Long-chain omega 3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) exert potent anti-inflammatory properties in humans. This study characterized the effects of omega-3 ω-3 fatty acids supplements (ω-3 FA) on the inflammatory status in the placenta and adipose tissue of overweight/obese pregnant women. Study Design: A randomized, double-masked controlled trial was conducted in overweight/obese pregnant women that were randomly assigned to receive DHA plus EPA (2g/day) or the equivalent of a placebo twice a day from week 10-16 to term. Inflammatory pathways were characterized in: 1) adipose tissue and placenta of treated vs. untreated women; and 2) adipose and trophoblast cells cultured with long chain FAs. Results: The sum of plasma DHA and EPA increased by 5.8 fold and ω-3 FA/ω-6 FA ratio was 1.5 in treated vs. untreated women (p< 0.005). Plasma CRP concentrations were reduced (p<0.001). The adipose tissue and placenta of treated women exhibited a significant decrease in TLR4 adipose and placental expression as well as IL6, IL8, and TNFa In vitro, EPA and DHA suppressed the activation of TLR4, IL6, IL8 induced by palmitate in culture of adipose and trophoblast cells. Conclusion: Supplementation of overweight/obese pregnant women with dietary ω-3 FAs for >25 weeks reduced inflammation in maternal adipose and the placental tissue. TLR4 appears as a central target of the anti-inflammatory effects at the cellular level. Copyright: © 2015 Haghiac et al.
The relationship between serum ferritin levels and serum lipids and hdl function with respect to age and gender; Elevated serum ferritin (SFer) levels have been associated with chronic diseases such as coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between SFer levels and serum lipid parameters, and how this relation changes in terms of age and gender. Additionally, we investigated a possible relationship between SFer levels and high-density lipoprotein (HD L) function. SFer levels and lipid panel (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and HD L-C) of 4205 people (3139 women, 1066 men) were examined retrospectively. Study population was classified according to age and gender. Separately, 100 subjects (52 women, 48 men) were randomly recruited to investigate the relation between SFer levels, and HD L dependent paraoxonase-1 (PON1) and arylesterase (ARE) activities. In all age groups, women’s SFer levels were found to be significantly lower and HDL-C levels significantly higher compared to men. In the 50-70 ages range, TC and LDL-C levels of women were found to be significantly higher than those of men (P < 0.01). SFer levels tended to increase with age in women. Correlation analyses revealed a negative correlation between levels of SFer and HD L-C, while positive correlations existed between levels of SFer, and TC, TG and LDL-C. There was no significant correlation between SFer levels and PON1 or ARE activities. The finding that increased SFer levels are accompanied by increased serum TC, TG and LDL-C levels may help us to explain the increased risk of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women. © Palladin Institute of Biochemistry, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, 2016.
Importance of glucokinase -258G/A polymorphism in Asian Indians with post-transplant and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and post-transplant diabetes mellitus (PTDM) are non-synonymous forms of diabetes. Glucokinase (GCK) plays a key role in glucose metabolism. The relationship between the GCK promoter and specific types of diabetes, such as PTDM and T2DM, in the Asian Indian population is unknown. We examined the occurrence of a specific GCK promoter variant (-258G/A) in patients with T2DM and PTDM. The case-control study enrolled 640 Asian Indian subjects, including controls (n = 250) and T2DM (n = 250), PTDM (n = 42), and non-post-transplant diabetes mellitus (non-PTDM) (n = 98) patients. Purified Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) was genotyped with the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis. The digested PCR products were analyzed on 12% polyacrylamide gels. The anthropometric, biochemical, and clinical details of each group were documented. GCK -258G/A alleles and genotypes were not associated with T2DM. However, among PTDM subjects, we detected a higher frequency of heterozygotes (52.4%) and a positive association with alleles/genotypes. The results suggest that the promoter region (-258G/A) of GCK plays an important role in PTDM in Asian Indians.
Association of irisin concentrations with the presence of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy; Objective: Irisin, a recently identified myokine, is involved in the protection of mice against obesity and diabetes. This study aims to determine the serum and vitreous concentrations of irisin in patients with diabetic nephropathy and diabetic retinopathy. Methods: A total of 178 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, as well as 22 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients without diabetic retinopathy and 35 patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy were enrolled in this study. Results: Serum irisin concentrations were significantly elevated in the control group compared with those in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Furthermore, type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with macroalbuminuria exhibited significantly lower serum irisin concentrations than the controls and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria. Simple regression analysis showed that the serum irisin concentrations in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients were negatively correlated with age, fasting plasma glucose, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, and positively correlated with creatinine clearance and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin receptor blockers treatment. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy patients showed significantly decreased serum and vitreous irisin concentrations compared with the control group and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients without diabetic retinopathy. Furthermore, decreased serum and vitreous irisin concentrations were found in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients without diabetic retinopathy than those in the controls. Conclusion: Irisin concentrations are associated with the presence of diabetic nephropathy and diabetic retinopathy. © 2015, The Author(s) 2015.
Targets to treat metabolic syndrome in polycystic ovary syndrome; Introduction: Metabolic syndrome is comprised of a combination of the following states: increased insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, and increased abdominal obesity. Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome over the course of their lives. Metabolic syndrome increases risk of major cardiovascular events, morbidity, quality of life, and overall health care costs. Though metabolic syndrome in women with PCOS is an area of great concern, there is no effective individual medical therapeutic to adequately treat this issue.Areas Covered: This article will review key aspects of metabolic syndrome in PCOS. We will discuss classic and novel therapeutics to address metabolic syndrome in women with PCOS. We will conclude with the importance of developing strategic interventions to increase the compliance to lifestyle and dietary modification, in addition to appreciation of the emerging pharmaceutical therapeutics available.Expert Opinion: Innovation in lifestyle modification, including diet, exercise, with and without dedicated stress reduction techniques is the future in treatment of metabolic syndrome in PCOS. Application of novel interventions, such as group medical care, may improve future adherence to lifestyle modification recommendations, in addition to or in combination with pharmaceutical therapeutics. © 2015 © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
'Micro-managers' of hepatic lipid metabolism and NAFLD; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is tightly associated with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and obesity. As the defining feature of NAFLD, hepatic steatosis develops as a consequence of metabolic dysregulation of de novo lipogenesis, fatty acid uptake, fatty acid oxidation, and triglycerides (TG) export. MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a class of endogenous small noncoding RNAs, play critical roles in various biological processes through regulating gene expression at post-transcriptional level. A growing body of evidence suggests that miRNAs not only maintain hepatic TG homeostasis under physiological condition, but also participate in the pathogenesis of NAFLD. In this review, we focus on the current knowledge of the hepatic miRNAs associated with the development of liver steatosis and the regulatory mechanisms involved, which might be helpful to further understand the nature of NAFLD and provide a sound scientific basis for the drug development. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Over-nutrient environment during both prenatal and postnatal development increases severity of islet injury, hyperglycemia, and metabolic disorders in the offspring; Prenatal and postnatal over-nutrition has emerged as a new health issue contributing to metabolic disorders in early development of the offspring. Accumulating evidence has suggested that adverse prenatal and postnatal environments gave rise to the predisposition to metabolic syndromes including hyperglycemia, obesity, and diabetes. However, little research has concentrated on the effects of exposures to both adverse conditions before and after birth of the offspring. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether prenatal and postnatal over-nutrition is able to cause metabolic disorders to female mice feed on high-fat/fructose diet (HFFD) as well as their offspring. Female mice were fed on either HFFD or a normal chow diet (NC), while their offspring were divided into four experimental groups as NC/NC, HFFD/NC, NC/HFFD, and HFFD/HFFD (prenatal/postnatal diet order), respectively. Both NC/HFFD and HFFD/HFFD offspring exhibited obvious body weight and fat content gain, hyperglycemia, and severe insulin resistance. Interestingly, when compared to NC/HFFD offspring, the HFFD/HFFD offspring exhibited more severe alterations in their metabolism and dysfunctions on pancreatic β-cells, suggesting a potential impact of prenatal HFFD on the programming of pancreatic β-cell deficiency in the fetus. Meanwhile, the results from HFFD/NC mice indicated that a balance diet after birth partially compensated the adverse prenatal HFFD impact. In conclusion, this study demonstrated that prenatal and postnatal over-nutrition increases severity of islet injury, hyperglycemia, and metabolic disorders in the offspring. © 2015, University of Navarra.
Components of metabolic syndrome in the first trimester of pregnancy as predictors of adverse perinatal outcome; Objectives: It is the prospective observational study aimed at early prediction of pregnancy complications in women with symptoms of MS. Material and methods: 124 Caucasian women in singleton pregnancies 11th to the 13th wks 6 days of gestation with MS criteria compared to 30 healthy controls. Perinatal maternal and fetal results were analyzed. Results: Increased in the MS group were: age (32.9 y vs. 28.6 y; p = 0,00), weight 11 to 13 + 6 weeks of gestation (79.0 kg vs. 59.7 kg; p = 0.00), BMI (29 kg/m2 vs. 21.6 kg/m2; p = 0.00), waist-hip ratio (WHR) (0.9 vs. 0.8; p = 0.00). Maternal serum parameters were higher in the MS group: LDL-cholesterol (124.1 vs. 109.6 mg/dL; p = 0.02), t-PA (2556.8 vs. 1949.5 pg/mL; p < 0.00), GGTP (16.8 vs. 13.3 IU/L; p = 0.02) and lower values for: adiponectin (6.4 vs. 7.5 μg/mL; p = 0.01), SHBG (273.4 vs. 338.4 nmol/L; p = 0.001). MS group neonates higher body weight (3594.4 vs. 3312.2 g; p = 0.01), significantly frequent macrosomic neonates (>4000 g) (20.9% vs. 6.6%; p = 0.042), GDM (12% vs. 0; p = 0.019). Conclusions: Higher E-selectin serum concentration, GGTP and lower SHBG in the first trimester are additionally to fasting maternal glucose, higher BMI and maternal age predictive for GDM. Higher E-selectin, fasting glucose, increased BMI and lower adiponectin serum concentration in the first trimester are significant predictors of fetal macrosomia. Maternal BMI > 24.5 kg/m2 is the best predictor of increased risk of fetal macrosomia and gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2016 Via Medica.
A diet rich in docosahexaenoic acid restores liver arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid concentrations in mice homozygous for the human apolipoprotein E ε4 allele; Background: Metabolism of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) is disturbed in carriers of the apolipoprotein E (APOE) ε4 allele (APOE4). More specifically, APOE4 carriers are lower responders to ω-3 (n-3) LC-PUFA supplementation; this might be because LC-PUFA transport into cells or b-oxidation is disturbed. However, high doses of dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) seem to restore DHA homeostasis in APOE4 carriers, but the contribution of hepatic fatty acid (FA) transporters is unknown. Objectives: With the use of mice carrying human APOE isoforms, we sought to investigate whether a DHA-rich diet could restore DHA homeostasis in APOE4 mice and whether this involved hepatic FA transporters. Methods: Male and female mice homozygous for the APOE ε2 allele, APOE ε3 allele (APOE3), and APOE4 were fed either a diet enriched with DHA (0.7 g DHA/100 g diet) or a control diet for 8 mo and were killed at 12 mo of age. Liver and plasma FA profiles were measured by GC, and FA transporter expression was evaluated by Western immunoblotting. Results: There was a significant genotype 3 diet interaction for hepatic concentrations of arachidonic acid (AA) and DHA (P = 0.005 and P = 0.002, respectively) and a trend toward an interaction for liver expression of fatty acid binding protein 1 (FABP1) (P-interaction = 0.05). APOE4 mice had 60-100% higher liver AA, DHA, and FABP1 than did APOE3 mice, but only when fed the control diet. Independent of diet, APOE4 mice had 20-30%lower plasma concentrations of AA and DHA than did APOE3 mice. Overall, mice fed the DHA diet had 50% lower concentrations of liver total FAs than did mice fed the control diet. Conclusions: These findings in transgenic mice suggest that a long-term diet rich in DHA suppresses the APOE4-specific disturbances in hepatic transport and concentration of AA and DHA and also reduces hepatic total FA concentrations, regardless of genotype. © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Effect of short-term acumagnetotherapy on diabetic kidney disease in patients with type II diabetes and study on the molecular mechanism; Objective: To explore whether magnetotherapy is preventive in retarding diabetic kidney disease (DKD) progression and investigate underling molecular mechanisms related to its therapeutic efficacy. Methods: Twenty-eight patients with type II diabetes (T2D) were undergone pulsed electromagnetic fields (PEMF) stimulation at the acupoints of Píshū (BL 20), Zúsānl. (ST 36), Shènshū (. BL 23) and Yíshū (EX-B3) for a period of 4 weeks. Urinary micro-albumin (U-mAlb) excretion, plasma methane dicarboxylic aldehyde (MDA and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) of the patients were used for evaluating therapeutic efficacies. Results: After the acumagnetotherapy, U-mAlb excretion in the participated patients was markedly reduced (27.21±3.51 vs 8.51±0.95, P<0.001) accompanied with decreased MDA (16.46±1.17 vs 12.40±1.86, P<0.05) and LPS (37.41±3.84 vs 21.63±3.61, P<0.05) levels in plasma while the metabolic control of these patients was not significantly altered. Acumagnetotherapy increased IκBα content (0.69±1.17 vs 1.30±0.29, P<0.01), an inhibitory protein of inflammatory response, and correspondingly reduced the protein levels of inflammatory activating proteins, NF-κB p65 (0.98±0.42 vs 0.43±0.28, P<0.05) and NF-κB p50 (1.19±0.40 vs 0.76±0.30, P<0.05). The acumagnetotherapy also inhibited the oxidant-producing enzyme, Nox4 protein expression (1.32±0.40 vs 0.37±0.23, P<0.05) in patient's blood lymphocytes. Conclusion: Short-term intervention of acumagnetotherapy in patients with T2D mitigates DKD progress potentially by its anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory effects. © 2015 World Journal of Acupuncture-Moxibustion House.
From Placenta to Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: The Role of Adipokines; Adipokines are cytokines produced mainly by adipose tissue, besides many other tissues such as placenta, ovaries, peripheral-blood mononuclear cells, liver, muscle, kidney, heart, and bone marrow. Adipokines play a significant role in the metabolic syndrome and in cardiovascular diseases, have implications in regulating insulin sensitivity and inflammation, and have significant effects on growth and reproductive function. The objective of this review was to analyze the functions known today of adiponectin, leptin, resistin, and visfatin from placenta throughout childhood and adolescence. It is well known now that their serum concentrations during pregnancy and lactation have long-term effects beyond the fetus and newborn. With regard to puberty, adipokines are involved in the regulation of the relationship between nutritional status and normal physiology or disorders of puberty and altered gonadal function, as, for example, premature pubarche and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Cytokines are involved in the maturation of oocytes and in the regular progression of puberty and pregnancy. © 2016 Chiara Sartori et al.
Early life origins of metabolic disease: Developmental programming of hypothalamic pathways controlling energy homeostasis; A wealth of animal and human studies demonstrate that perinatal exposure to adverse metabolic conditions - be it maternal obesity, diabetes or under-nutrition - results in predisposition of offspring to develop obesity later in life. This mechanism is a contributing factor to the exponential rise in obesity rates. Increased weight gain in offspring exposed to maternal obesity is usually associated with hyperphagia, implicating altered central regulation of energy homeostasis as an underlying cause. Perinatal development of the hypothalamus (a brain region key to metabolic regulation) is plastic and sensitive to metabolic signals during this critical time window. Recent research in non-human primate and rodent models has demonstrated that exposure to adverse maternal environments impairs the development of hypothalamic structure and consequently function, potentially underpinning metabolic phenotypes in later life. This review summarizes our current knowledge of how adverse perinatal environments program hypothalamic development and explores the mechanisms that could mediate these effects. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Bisphenol A: Targeting metabolic tissues; The prevalence of obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes has dramatically increased worldwide over the last few decades. Although genetic predisposition and lifestyle factors like decreased physical activity and energy-dense diet are well-known factors in the pathophysiology of these conditions, accumulating evidence suggests that the increase in endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) in the environment also explains a substantial part of the incidence of these metabolic diseases. Bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the highest-volume chemicals produced worldwide. Most people are exposed to it daily by consuming food and beverages into which BPA has leached from polycarbonate containers, including reusable bottles and baby bottles. Although initially considered to be a weak environmental estrogen, BPA may be similar in potency to 17β-estradiol in stimulating cellular responses, especially at low but environmentally relevant doses (nM), as more recent studies have demonstrated. In this review, we summarize both epidemiological evidence and in vivo experimental data that point to an association between BPA exposure and the induction of insulin resistance and/or disruption of pancreatic beta cell function and/or obesity. We then discuss the in vitro data and explain the potential mechanisms involved in the metabolic disorders observed after BPA exposure. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Genetic markers of type 2 diabetes: Progress in genome-wide association studies and clinical application for risk prediction; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) has become a leading public health challenge worldwide. To date, a total of 83 susceptibility loci for T2D have been identified by genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Application of meta-analysis and modern genotype imputation approaches to GWAS data from diverse ethnic populations has been key in the effort to discover T2D loci. Genetic information is expected to play a vital role in the prediction of T2D, and many efforts have been made to develop T2D risk models that include both conventional and genetic risk factors. Yet, because most T2D genetic variants identified have small effect size individually (10%-20% increased risk of T2D per risk allele), their clinical utility remains unclear. Most studies report that a genetic risk score combining multiple T2D genetic variants does not substantially improve T2D risk prediction beyond conventional risk factors. In this article, we summarize the recent progress of T2D GWAS and further review the incremental predictive performance of genetic markers for T2D. © 2016 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Ethnic Differences in Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: A Systematic Review of North American Evidence; Background: Canada is often referred to as a 'land of immigrants,' and the high level of immigration has resulted in significant ethnic diversity in Canada. Methods: We performed a systematic review of the literature published from 2000 onward to summarize the evidence on ethnic differences in cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors; by comparing the presence of CVD risk factors of Arab, black, Chinese, Hispanic, indigenous, and Filipino ethnic groups with that of CVD risk factors in the white ethnic group. Results: One hundred ten studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Evidence consistently reported greater prevalence of hypertension in black individuals, greater prevalence of diabetes, overall and abdominal obesity and smoking in indigenous people, greater prevalence of diabetes in Hispanic individuals, and lower prevalence of overall obesity and smoking in Chinese individuals compared with their white counterparts. Although inconsistent, most evidence also indicated higher diastolic blood pressure in black individuals, higher hypertension prevalence in indigenous people, higher prevalence of obesity and diabetes in black individuals, and lower prevalence of smoking in Filipino and Hispanic individuals compared with white individuals. The evidence on ethnic differences in CVD risk factors in Arab, Chinese, and Filipino individuals compared with white individuals is limited. Conclusions: We observed significant ethnic differences in CVD risk factors. However, because most studies were of cross-sectional design and many of them explored the ethnic differences in CVD risk factors without adjustment for potential confounders, more robust designs are needed to get a better insight into where the true differences lie, what factors they are attributed to, and whether they persist or change over time. © 2015 Canadian Cardiovascular Society.
Association between serum adropin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus; A case-control study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between serum adropin concentration and GDM. In a case-control study, conducted in 2013, 40 pregnant women with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women (controls) were evaluated. Fasting serum adropin and lipid concentration were measured during 24th-28th weeks of gestation for both groups. These factors were compared between the two groups using independent sample t-test. There was a significant difference in adropin levels between the two groups and mean adropin levels were lower in GDM group (p: 0.016). There was no significant correlation between serum adropin levels and body mass index as well as fasting blood glucose (FBS) or serum lipid profile including high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, cholesterol and triglyceride concentration (p > 0.05). There was a significant association between adropin concentration and GDM even after using regression model for removing confounding factors (odds ratio = 0.681). Low serum adropin concentration is associated with GDM in Iranian pregnant women. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Weight Loss Decreases Excess Pancreatic Triacylglycerol Specifically in Type 2 Diabetes; OBJECTIVE This study determined whether the decrease in pancreatic triacylglycerol during weight loss in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is simply reflective of whole-body fat or specific to diabetes and associated with the simultaneous recovery of insulin secretory function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Individuals listed for gastric bypass surgery who had T2DM or normal glucose tolerance (NGT) matched for age, weight, and sex were studied before and 8 weeks after surgery. Pancreas and liver triacylglycerol were quantified using inphase, out-of-phaseMRI. Alsomeasured were the first-phase insulin response to a stepped intravenous glucose infusion, hepatic insulin sensitivity, and glycemic and incretin responses to a semisolid test meal. RESULTS Weight loss after surgery was similar (NGT: 12.8 ± 0.8% and T2DM: 13.6 ± 0.7%) as was the change in fat mass (56.7 ± 3.3 to 45.4 ± 2.3 vs. 56.6 ± 2.4 to 43.0 6 2.4 kg). Pancreatic triacylglycerol did not change in NGT (5.1 ± 0.2 to 5.5 ± 0.4%) but decreased in the group with T2DM (6.6 ± 0.5 to 5.4 ± 0.4%; P = 0.007). Firstphase insulin response to a stepped intravenous glucose infusion did not change in NGT (0.24 [0.13-0.46] to 0.23 [0.19-0.37] nmol • min-1 • m-2) but normalized in T2DM (0.08 [20.01 to -0.10] to 0.22 [0.07-0.30]) nmol • min-1 • m-2 at week 8 (P = 0.005). No differential effect of incretin secretion was observed after gastric bypass,with more rapid glucose absorption bringing about equivalently enhanced glucagon-like peptide 1 secretion in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS The fall in intrapancreatic triacylglycerol in T2DM, which occurs during weight loss, is associated with the condition itself rather than decreased total body fat. © 2016 by the American Diabetes Association.
Maternal Obesity: Lifelong Metabolic Outcomes for Offspring from Poor Developmental Trajectories During the Perinatal Period; The prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age is increasing in developed and developing countries around the world. Human and animal studies indicate that maternal obesity adversely impacts both maternal health and offspring phenotype, predisposing them to chronic diseases later in life including obesity, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. Several mechanisms act together to produce these adverse health effects including programming of hypothalamic appetite-regulating centers, increasing maternal, fetal and offspring glucocorticoid production, changes in maternal metabolism and increasing maternal oxidative stress. Effective interventions during human pregnancy are needed to prevent both maternal and offspring metabolic dysfunction due to maternal obesity. This review addresses the relationship between maternal obesity and its negative impact on offspring development and presents some maternal intervention studies that propose strategies to prevent adverse offspring metabolic outcomes. © 2016 IMSS.
Molecular and cellular mechanisms linking inflammation to insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction; Obesity is a major public health problem worldwide, and it is associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. It is now commonly accepted that chronic inflammation associated with obesity induces insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction in diabetic patients. Obesity-associated inflammation is characterized by increased abundance of macrophages and enhanced production of inflammatory cytokines in adipose tissue. Adipose tissue macrophages are suggested to be the major source of local and systemic inflammatory mediators such as tumor necrosis factor α, interleukin (IL)-1β, and IL-6. These cytokines induce insulin resistance in insulin target tissues by activating the suppressors of cytokine signaling proteins, several kinases such as c-Jun N-terminal kinase, IκB kinase β, and protein kinase C, inducible nitric oxide synthase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, and protein tyrosine phosphatases such as protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B. These activated factors impair the insulin signaling at the insulin receptor and the insulin receptor substrates levels. The same process most likely occurs in the pancreas as it contains a pool of tissue-resident macrophages. High concentrations of glucose or palmitate via the chemokine production promote further immune cell migration and infiltration into the islets. These events ultimately induce inflammatory responses leading to the apoptosis of the pancreatic β cells. In this review, the cellular and molecular players that participate in the regulation of obesity-induced inflammation are discussed, with particular attention being placed on the roles of the molecular players linking inflammation to insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Hyperglycemia does not affect iron mediated toxicity of cultured endothelial and renal tubular epithelial cells: Influence of L-carnosine; Iron has been suggested to affect the clinical course of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) as accompanying increased intracellular iron accumulation may provide an alternative source for reactive oxygen species (ROS). Although carnosine has proven its therapeutic efficacy in rodent models of T2DM, little is known about its efficacy to protect cells from iron toxicity. We sought to assess if high glucose (HG) exposure makes cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and renal proximal tubular epithelial cells (PTECs) more susceptible to metal induced toxicity and if this is ameliorated by L-carnosine. HUVECs and PTECs, cultured under normal glucose (5 mM, NG) or HG (30 mM), were challenged for 24 h with FeCl Cell viability was not impaired under HG conditions nor did HG increase susceptibility to FeCl HG did not change the expression of divalent metal transporter 1 (DMT1), ferroportin (IREG), and transferrin receptor protein 1 (TFRC). Irrespective of glucose concentrations L-carnosine prevented toxicity in a dose-dependent manner, only if it was present during the FeClchallenge. Hence our study indicates that iron induced cytotoxicity is not enhanced under HG conditions. L-Carnosine displayed a strong protective effect, most likely by chelation of iron mediated toxicity. © 2016 Shiqi Zhang et al.
Dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model; Purpose The incidence of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia and hypertension is increasing along with associated morbidities to mother and offspring. The high fructose diet is a well-studied model that induces hyperglycemia and hypertension in male rodents, but may not affect females. We hypothesized that the physiologic stress of pregnancy may alter metabolic responses to dietary fructose. Materials and methods In this study female Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into two gestational dietary groups: (1) 60% carbohydrate standard rat chow (Pregnant-S - controls) and (2) 60% fructose enriched chow (Pregnant-F). Body weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin were measured in pregnancy and during the post-partum period. Maternal organ weight and histological changes were also assessed after delivery. Results By midpregnancy Pregnant-F rats had increased weight, elevated blood pressure, higher fasting glucose, and elevated triglycerides compared with Pregnant-S rats. Both groups demonstrated elevated gestational insulin levels with signs of insulin resistance (increased HOMA-IR). Pregnant-F rats showed significant histopathologic hepatic steatosis and renal tubular changes characterized by tubular dilation and glomerulosclerosis. Conclusion Our study provides a model in which dietary change during pregnancy can be examined. We demonstrate, moreover, that high dietary fructose ingestion in pregnant rats may result in profound systemic and pathologic changes not appreciated during routine pregnancy. © 2015 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy.
High carbohydrate intake from starchy foods is positively associated with metabolic disorders: A Cohort Study from a Chinese population; Starchy foods are the main sources of carbohydrates; however, there is limited information on their metabolic impact. Therefore, we assessed the association between carbohydrates from starchy foods (Carb-S) intakes and the metabolic disorders of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and hyperlipidemia. In this study, 4,154 participants from Northern China were followed up for 4.2 years. Carb-S included rice, refined wheat, tubers, and their products. Multivariable regression models were used to calculate risk ratios (RRs) for MetS and hyperlipidemia from Carb-S, total carbohydrates, and carbohydrates from other food sources (Carb-O). Receiver operating characteristic analysis was used to determine a Carb-S cut-off value. High total carbohydrate intake was associated with increased risks of MetS (RR: 2.24, 95% CI: 1.00-5.03) and hyperlipidemia (RR: 3.05, 95% CI: 1.25-7.45), compared with the first quartile. High Carb-S intake (fourth quartile) was significantly associated with MetS (RR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.01-2.69) and hyperlipidemia (RR: 1.73, 95% CI: 1.05-3.35). No associations with Carb-O were observed. Visceral adiposity, triglyceride levels, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol significantly contributed to the metabolic disorders. The Carb-S cut-off value was 220g. Both high total carbohydrate and Carb-S intakes were associated with hyperlipidemia and MetS; Carb-S appears to contribute more to these disorders. © 2015, Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Diet, behavior and immunity across the lifespan; It is increasingly appreciated that perinatal events can set an organism on a life-long trajectory for either health or disease, resilience or risk. One early life variable that has proven critical for optimal development is the nutritional environment in which the organism develops. Extensive research has documented the effects of both undernutrition and overnutrition, with strong links evident for an increased risk for obesity and metabolic disorders, as well as adverse mental health outcomes. Recent work has highlighted a critical role of the immune system, in linking diet with long term health and behavioral outcomes. The present review will summarize the recent literature regarding the interactions of diet, immunity, and behavior. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Current perspectives on the health risks associated with the consumption of advanced glycation end products: Recommendations for dietary management; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) constitute a complex group of compounds produced endogenously during the aging process and under conditions of hyperglycemia and oxidative stress. AGEs also have an emerging exogenous origin. Cigarette smoke and diet are the two main exogenous sources of AGEs (glycotoxins). Μodern Western diets are rich in AGEs which have been implicated in the pathogenesis of several metabolic and degenerative disorders. Accumulating evidence underlies the beneficial effect of the dietary restriction of AGEs not only in animal studies but also in patients with diabetic complications and metabolic diseases. This article reviews the evidence linking dietary glycotoxins to several disorders from diabetic complications and renal failure to liver dysfunction, female reproduction, eye and cognitive disorders as well as cancer. Furthermore, strategies for AGE reduction are discussed with a focus on dietary modification. © 2015 Palimeri et al.
Linseed oil supplementation improves lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase and tissue lipase activities in pregnant obese rats and their offspring; Objective: The aim of the present work was to study how maternal dietary linseed oil modulates lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) and adipose tissue lipase responses to cafeteria diet in rats during pregnancy and lactation and their offspring at weaning and adulthood. Methods: The dams were fed a control (C) or a Cafeteria (CAF) diet enriched or non-enriched with linseed oil at 2, 5%. Changes in serum glucose, total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride (TG) levels, liver and adipose tissue lipids, LCAT, adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and hormonesensitive lipase (HSL) activities were determined at the end of the experiment. Results: The cafeteria diet led to higher energy intake, body weight, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia, liver and adipose TC and TG contents and LPL activity in dams and their pups. Pregnant and lactating mothers showed lower HSL activity with any changes in serum LCAT activity. In contrast, their offspring at day 90 had a significant increase in HSL activity and a decrease in LCAT activity. Linseed oil (LO) supplementation modulates liver and adipose tissue TC and TG contents in both control and obese dams and their offspring, with beneficial effects resulting in lower body weight, decreased in TC,TG, low density lipoprotein-high density lipoprotein1(LDL-HDL1-C), increased in HDL2,3-C,serum LCAT activity and up-regulated lipolytic enzyme activities. Conclusion: The supplement of linseed oil in the diet of pregnant and lactating dams is effective in amelioration of lipid profile and modulation of enzyme activities in these dams and their offspring which might contribute to prevent obesity and dyslipidemia. © 2016 The Authors.
Impact of physiological, pathological and environmental factors on the expression and activity of human cytochrome P450 2D6 and implications in precision medicine; With only 1.3-4.3% in total hepatic CYP content, human CYP2D6 can metabolize more than 160 drugs. It is a highly polymorphic enzyme and subject to marked inhibition by a number of drugs, causing a large interindividual variability in drug clearance and drug response and drug-drug interactions. The expression and activity of CYP2D6 are regulated by a number of physiological, pathological and environmental factors at transcriptional, post-transcriptional, translational and epigenetic levels. DNA hypermethylation and histone modifications can repress the expression of CYP2D6. Hepatocyte nuclear factor-4α binds to a directly repeated element in the promoter of CYP2D6 and thus regulates the expression of CYP2D6. Small heterodimer partner represses hepatocyte nuclear factor-4α-mediated transactivation of CYP2D6. GW4064, a farnesoid X receptor agonist, decreases hepatic CYP2D6 expression and activity while increasing small heterodimer partner expression and its recruitment to the CYP2D6 promoter. The genotypes are key determinants of interindividual variability in CYP2D6 expression and activity. Recent genome-wide association studies have identified a large number of genes that can regulate CYP2D6. Pregnancy induces CYP2D6 via unknown mechanisms. Renal or liver diseases, smoking and alcohol use have minor to moderate effects only on CYP2D6 activity. Unlike CYP1 and 3 and other CYP2 members, CYP2D6 is resistant to typical inducers such as rifampin, phenobarbital and dexamethasone. Post-translational modifications such as phosphorylation of CYP2D6 Ser135 have been observed, but the functional impact is unknown. Further functional and validation studies are needed to clarify the role of nuclear receptors, epigenetic factors and other factors in the regulation of CYP2D6. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Association of osteoprotegerin with impaired glucose regulation and microalbuminuria: The REACTION study; Background: High osteoprotegerin (OPG) has been reported in association with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. We aimed to evaluate the association of serum OPG with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and microalbuminuria among middle-aged and older Chinese. Methods: Serum OPG was measured in 599 individuals with normal glucose regulation, 730 with impaired glucose regulation and 327 newly diagnosed patients with diabetes. Serum OPG was measured using ELISA methods and urine albumin/creatinine ratio was used to determine the urinary albumin excretion. Results: Serum OPG levels were significantly higher in subjects with isolated impaired fasting glucose, isolated impaired glucose tolerance, combined impaired fasting glucose/impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes than in those with normal glucose regulation, whereas serum OPG levels were not different in the four groups with dysregulation of glucose metabolism. OPG was associated with a higher risk for IGR (OR 1.108 for each 0.1 μg/l increase in OPG, 95 % CI 1.009-1.117, p = 0.01) after adjustment for gender, age, BMI, current smoking and alcohol intake, family history of diabetes, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile; the corresponding OR of combined impaired glucose regulation and type 2 diabetes was 1.121 (95 % CI 1.101-1.141, p = 0.0005). OPG was associated with the risk of microalbuminuria (OR 1.025, 95 % CI 1.006-1.044, p = 0.02) after adjustment for gender, age, current smoking, current alcohol intake, family history of diabetes, BMI, waist/hip ratio, HOMA-IR, eGFR and lipid profile. Conclusions: Serum OPG level is closely and independently associated with IGR and is an independent risk factor for microalbuminuria. © 2015 Niu et al.
Sex-specific regulation of NUCB2/nesfatin-1: Differential implication in anxiety in obese men and women; Nesfatin-1 is cleaved from nucleobindin2 (NUCB2) and implicated in the regulation of hunger and satiety as anorexigenic peptide hormone. Circulating NUCB2/nesfatin-1 is elevated in obesity and decreased in anorexia nervosa. In addition, a role in the regulation of stress, anxiety and depression has been demonstrated. First evidence suggested that NUCB2/nesfatin-1 might be regulated in a sex-specific manner. Thus, we investigated NUCB2/nesfatin-1 plasma levels in association with perceived stress, anxiety and depressiveness in obese men and women. We enrolled 140 inpatients (87 female, 53 male body mass index, BMI, 30.3-81.7kg/m2) hospitalized due to obesity with mental and somatic comorbidities. Perceived stress (PSQ-20), anxiety (GAD-7), and depressiveness (PHQ-9) were measured psychometrically, and at the same time NUCB2/nesfatin-1 plasma levels by ELISA. Males and females did not differ in terms of age and BMI. NUCB2/nesfatin-1 did not show a correlation with age or BMI. Mean NUCB2/nesfatin-1 levels (+25%, p<0.001) as well as mean scores for perceived stress (+26%, p<0.01), anxiety (+54%, p<0.001) and depressiveness (+32%, p=0.02) were higher in females compared to males. Scores for perceived stress (r=0.39; p<0.001) and depressiveness (r=0.35; p<0.01) showed a positive correlation with NUCB2/nesfatin-1 in women, while in men no correlation was observed (p>0.19). The strongest association was observed between NUCB2/nesfatin-1 and anxiety with a positive correlation in women (r=0.54; p<0.001), while in men even an inverse correlation was found (r=-0.32; p=0.03). This result was reflected in higher NUCB2/nesfatin-1 levels in women with high versus low anxiety (+51%, p<0.001) and an opposite alteration in men (-17%, p=0.04) after a median split into two groups with high and low anxiety. In conclusion, circulating NUCB2/nesfatin-1 showed a positive correlation with anxiety, perceived stress, and depressiveness in obese women. In men, no correlation with perceived stress and depressiveness was observed, whereas the association with anxiety was inverse, pointing towards a sex-specific regulation. These results corroborate the suggestion of NUCB2/nesfatin-1 being relevantly involved in the regulation of mood and stress in a sex-specific way. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
From fatalism to mitigation: A conceptual framework for mitigating fetal programming of chronic disease by maternal obesity; Prenatal development is recognized as a critical period in the etiology of obesity and cardiometabolic disease. Potential strategies to reduce maternal obesity-induced risk later in life have been largely overlooked. In this paper, we first propose a conceptual framework for the role of public health and preventive medicine in mitigating the effects of fetal programming. Second, we review a small but growing body of research (through August 2015) that examines interactive effects of maternal obesity and two public health foci - diet and physical activity - in the offspring. Results of the review support the hypothesis that diet and physical activity after early life can attenuate disease susceptibility induced by maternal obesity, but human evidence is scant. Based on the review, we identify major gaps relevant for prevention research, such as characterizing the type and dose response of dietary and physical activity exposures that modify the adverse effects of maternal obesity in the offspring. Third, we discuss potential implications of interactions between maternal obesity and postnatal dietary and physical activity exposures for interventions to mitigate maternal obesity-induced risk among children. Our conceptual framework, evidence review, and future research directions offer a platform to develop, test, and implement fetal programming mitigation strategies for the current and future generations of children. © 2015 Elsevier Inc..
Polycystic ovary syndrome; For diagnosing of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) it is currently recommended to follow the ESHRE criteria. For diagnosis according to them two of the following three symptoms are sufficient: 1. morphology of polycystic ovaria, 2. clinical manifestations of hyperandrogenism or laboratory proof of hyperandrogenemia, and 3. oligo-anovulation. PCOS is a complex disorder in whose pathogenesis genetic and environmental effects interact. It is not a gynecological disorder alone, the syndrome is accompanied by insulin resistance which leads to increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance (4 times and twice, independently of BMI). Also gestational DM occurs more frequently. Dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension, elevated CRP and homocysteine levels, endothelial dysfunction and greater intima-media thickness are also more frequent. It is not quite clear, however, whether women with PCOS suffer cardiovascular events more frequently as well. More often than is accidental PCOS is associated with depression, anxiety and eating disorders, further with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and with the sleep apnoea syndrome - especially in obese women. Therapeutic measures include non-pharmacological methods - lifestyle adjustments focused on weight reduction in obese individuals, cosmetic measures for dermatologic manifestation of hyperandrogenism, in particular laser and pharmacotherapy (combined hormonal contraceptives and antiandrogens). Menstrual irregularities can be treated with contraceptives or cyclical administration of gestagens, also metformin can be used.
Maternal saturated-fat-rich diet promotes leptin resistance in fetal liver lipid catabolism and programs lipid homeostasis impairments in the liver of rat offspring; We aimed to analyze if an overload of saturated fat in maternal diet induced lipid metabolic impairments in livers from rat fetuses that persist in the offspring and to identify potential mechanisms involving fetal leptin resistance. Female rats were fed either a diet enriched in 25% of saturated fat (SFD rats) or a regular diet (controls). Fetuses of 21 days of gestation and offspring of 21 and 140 days of age were obtained and plasma and liver were kept for further analysis. Livers from a group of control and SFD fetuses were cultured in the presence or absence of leptin. Leptin or vehicle was administered to control fetuses during the last days of gestation and, on day 21, fetal livers and plasma were obtained. Lipid levels were assessed by thin-layer chromatography and mRNA gene expression of CPT1, ACO and PPARα by RT-PCR. Liver lipid levels were increased and CPT1 and ACO were down-regulated in fetuses and offspring from SFD rats compared to controls. After the culture with leptin, control fetal livers showed increased ACO and CPT1 expression and decreased lipid levels, while fetal livers from SFD rats showed no changes. Fetal administration of leptin induced a decrease in ACO and no changes in CPT1 expression. In summary, our results suggest that a saturated fat overload in maternal diet induces fetal leptin resistance in liver lipid catabolism, which might be contributing to liver lipid alterations that are sustained in the offspring. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
The association of a mediterranean-style diet pattern with polycystic ovary syndrome status in a community cohort study; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common condition in reproductive-aged women. While lifestyle management is first-line treatment in PCOS, the dietary intake of women with PCOS is unclear and there is no research assessing dietary patterns of women with and without PCOS. The aim of this study was to examine dietary patterns in a large cohort of women with and without PCOS. Data were from 7569 participants in the 1973–1978 cohort of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women’s Health population assessed at 2009 (Survey 5) (n = 414 PCOS, n = 7155 non-PCOS). Dietary patterns were evaluated using factor analysis and multiple logistic regressions assessed their associations with PCOS status. Three dietary patterns were identified that explained 27% of the variance in food intake between women with and without PCOS: Non-core foods; Meats and take-away and Mediterranean-style. The Mediterranean-style dietary pattern was independently associated with PCOS status. On adjusted analysis for each 1 SD increase in the Mediterranean-style dietary pattern, there was a 26% greater likelihood that women had PCOS. This may indicate an improvement in the quality of dietary intake following a diagnosis of PCOS. Future research should examine the contribution of dietary patterns to the incidence and severity of PCOS and the potential for modification of dietary patterns in the lifestyle management of PCOS. © 2015 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Altered DNA methylation in neonates born large-for-gestationalage is associated with cardiometabolic risk in children; Background: Infants being born Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) are prone to developing cardiometabolic disease. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Results: Clinical investigation showed that children born LGA had significantly higher serum level of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoproteincholesterol (LDL-c), and insulin, ratio of TC/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) compared to children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Birth weight (BW) was positively correlated to TC, LDL-c, and the ratio of TC/ HDL in serum. Genome-wide DNA methylation analyzed in umbilical cord blood of controls and macrosomia cases. We identified 3459 methylation variable positions (MVPs) achieving genome-wide significance (adjusted P-value < 0.05) with methylation differences of ≥ 5%. A total of 327 MVPs were filtered by methylation differences of ≥ 7% located within an island, which mapped to 213 genes. Function analysis using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis showed 16 genes enriched in "cardiovascular disease". Four genes included contributed to hyperlipidemia. Materials And Methods: Fifty-eight children aged 3-6 years born LGA and 123 subjects born AGA were enrolled. Anthropometric parameters and blood pressure (BP) were measured, and metabolic assessment was performed in all subjects. Genomewide DNA methylation in umbilical blood was assayed by the 450K BeadChip in six AGA and six macrosomia newborns. Conclusions: Our data indicate that excess birth weight may increase the risk of lipid dysfunction in children aged 3-6 years. It might through reprogramming a group of genes correlated to cardiovascular disease. The genes identified in this study might be potential biomarker for cardiometabolic disease.
Paternal programming of offspring cardiometabolic diseases in later life; Early - intrauterine - environmental factors are linked to the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. Traditionally, these factors are considered to be maternal factors such as maternal under and overnutrition, exposure to toxins, lack of micronutrients, and stress during pregnancy. However, in the recent years, it became obvious that also paternal environmental factors before conception and during sperm development determine the health of the offspring in later life. We will first describe clinical observational studies providing evidence for paternal programming of adulthood diseases in progeny. Next, we describe key animal studies proving this relationship, followed by a detailed analysis of our current understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms of paternal programming. Alterations of noncoding sperm micro-RNAs, histone acetylation, and targeted as well as global DNA methylation seem to be in particular involved in paternal programming of offspring's diseases in later life. Copyright © 2016 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Lactobacillus plantarum X1 with α-glucosidase inhibitory activity ameliorates type 2 diabetes in mice; The cell-free supernatant of Lactobacillus plantarum X1 showed potential antidiabetic ability by inhibition of α-glucosidase activity in vitro. Oral administration of L. plantarum X1 was found to ameliorate hyperglycemia, glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, hormone levels, and lipid metabolism. And then L. plantarum X1 also partially increased the antioxidant capacity and ameliorated cytokine secretion and pancreatic damage in type 2 diabetic mice. In addition, L. plantarum X1 recovered the levels of acetic acid and elevated the levels of butyric acid in the feces of mice with diabetes markedly. In addition, type 2 diabetic mice with treatment of L. plantarum X1 showed an increase in the abundance of Bacteroidetes and a decrease in the proportion of Firmicutes, as well as an enrichment of butyrate-producing bacteria. These results demonstrated that L. plantarum X1 had the potential ability to ameliorate type 2 diabetes and the hypoglycemia ability were tightly associated with compositional changes in short-chain fatty acids and gut microbiota. © 2016 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Preweaning GH treatment normalizes body growth trajectory and reverses metabolic dysregulation in adult offspring after maternal undernutrition; Maternal undernutrition (UN) results in growth disorders and metabolic dysfunction in offspring. Although dysregulation of the GH-IGF axis in offspring is a known consequence of maternal UN, little is known about the efficacy of GH treatment during the period of developmental plasticity on later growth and metabolic outcomes. The present study investigated the effect of preweaning GH treatment on growth, glucose metabolism, and the GH-IGF axis in adult male and female offspring after maternal UN. Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed either a chow diet ad libitum (control [CON]) or 50% of ad libitum (UN) throughout pregnancy. From postnatal day 3, CON and UN pups received either saline (CON-S and UN-S) or GH (2.5 μg/g·d CON-GH and UN-GH) daily throughout lactation. At weaning, male and female offspring were randomly selected from each litter and fed a standard chow diet for the remainder of the study. Preweaning GH treatment normalized maternal UN-induced alterations in postweaning growth trajectory and concomitant adiposity in offspring. Plasma leptin concentrations were increased in UN-S offspring and normalized in the UN-GH group. Hepatic GH receptor expression was significantly elevated in UN-S offspring and normalized with GH treatment. Hepatic IGF binding protein-2 gene expression and plasma IGF-1 to IGF binding protein-3 ratio was reduced in UN-S offspring and elevated with GH treatment. GH treatment during a critical developmental window prevented maternal UN-induced changes in postnatal growth patterns and related adiposity, suggesting that manipulation of the GH-IGF-1 axis in early development may represent a promising avenue to prevent adverse developmental programming effects in adulthood. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Intake of lactobacillus reuteri improves incretin and insulin secretion in Glucose-Tolerant humans: A proof of concept; OBJECTIVE Ingestion of probiotics can modify gut microbiota and alter insulin resistance and diabetes development in rodents. We hypothesized that daily intake of Lactobacillus reuteri increases insulin sensitivity by changing cytokine release and insulin secretion via modulation of the release of glucagon-like peptides (GLP)-1 and -2. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A prospective, double-blind, randomized trial was performed in 21 glucose-tolerant humans (11 lean: Age 49 ±7 years, BMI 23.6 ±1.7 kg/m2; 10 obese: Age 51 ± 7 years, BMI 35.5 ± 4.9 kg/m2). Participants ingested 1010b.i.d. L. reuteri SD5865 or placebo over 4 weeks. Oral glucose tolerance and isoglycemic glucose infusion tests were used to assess incretin effect and GLP-1 and GLP-2 secretion, and euglycemichyperinsulinemic clamps with [6,6-2H2]glucose were used to measure peripheral insulin sensitivity and endogenous glucose production. Muscle and hepatic lipid contents were assessed by 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and immune status, cytokines, and endotoxin were measured with specific assays. RESULTS In glucose-tolerant volunteers, daily administration of L. reuteri SD5865 increased glucose-stimulated GLP-1 and GLP-2 release by 76% (P < 0.01) and 43% (P < 0.01), respectively, compared with placebo, along with 49% higher insulin (P < 0.05) and 55% higher C-peptide secretion (P < 0.05). However, the intervention did not alter peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity, body mass, ectopic fat content, or circulating cytokines. CONCLUSIONS Enrichment of gut microbiota with L. reuteri increases insulin secretion, possibly due to augmented incretin release, but does not directly affect insulin sensitivity or body fat distribution. This suggests that oral ingestion of one specific strainmay serve as a novel therapeutic approach to improve glucose-dependent insulin release. © 2015 by the American Diabetes Association.
Pregnancy hyperglycemia in prolactin receptor mutant, but not prolactin mutant, mice and feeding-responsive regulation of placental lactogen genes implies placental control of maternal glucose homeostasis; Pregnancy is often viewed as a conflict between the fetus and mother over metabolic resources. Insulin resistance occurs in mothers during pregnancy but does not normally lead to diabetes because of an increase in the number of the mother's pancreatic beta cells. In mice, this increase is dependent on prolactin (Prl) receptor signaling but the source of the ligand has been unclear. Pituitary-derived Prl is produced during the first half of pregnancy in mice but the placenta produces Prl-like hormones from implantation to term. Twenty-two separate mouse genes encode the placenta Prl-related hormones, making it challenging to assess their roles in knockout models. However, because at least four of them are thought to signal through the Prl receptor, we analyzed Prlr mutant mice and compared their phenotypes with those of Prl mutants. We found that whereas Prlr mutants develop hyperglycemia during gestation, Prl mutants do not. Serum metabolome analysis showed that Prlr mutants showed other changes consistent with diabetes. Despite the metabolic changes, fetal growth was normal in Prlr mutants. Of the four placenta-specific, Prl -related hormones that have been shown to interact with the Prlr, their gene expression localizes to different endocrine cell types. The Prl3d1 gene is expressed by trophoblast giant cells both in the labyrinth layer, sitting on the arterial side where maternal blood is highest in oxygen and nutrients, and in the junctional zone as maternal blood leaves the placenta. Expression increases during the night, though the increase in the labyrinth is circadian whereas it occurs only after feeding in the junctional zone. These data suggest that the placenta has a sophisticated endocrine system that regulates maternal glucose metabolism during pregnancy. © 2015 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Lipids, low-grade chronic inflammation and NAFLD: A ménage à trois?; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become a major health problem in developed countries and is commonly associated with many obesity-related health complications, including cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia and hypertension. We hypothesized that the composition of fatty acids delivered to and stored within the liver is an important determinant of liver cell integrity, and probably an independent risk factor for the progression to the more severe form of NAFLD, mediated by low-grade chronic inflammation. Different mechanisms, including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, presence of fiber, and antiestrogenic processes, have been proposed to explain the protective nature of certain dietary components, particularly, components of Mediterranean diet that could be an important therapeutic lifestyle change, which allows to avoid the development of metabolic diseases. © 2016 AOCS Press.
National lipid association recommendations for patient-centered management of dyslipidemia: Part 2; An Expert Panel convened by the National Lipid Association previously developed a consensus set of recommendations for the patient-centered management of dyslipidemia in clinical medicine (part 1). These were guided by the principle that reducing elevated levels of atherogenic cholesterol (non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) reduces the risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. This document represents a continuation of the National Lipid Association recommendations developed by a diverse panel of experts who examined the evidence base and provided recommendations regarding the following topics: (1) lifestyle therapies; (2) groups with special considerations, including children and adolescents, women, older patients, certain ethnic and racial groups, patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus, patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and patients with residual risk despite statin and lifestyle therapies; and (3) strategies to improve patient outcomes by increasing adherence and using team-based collaborative care. © 2015 National Lipid Association. Published by Elseiver Inc.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 and its relationship with insulin sensitivity in first-degree relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF 21) has been suggested as a predictor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Material and methods: We aimed to determine FGF 21 levels in normoglycaemic (Group 1) and prediabetic (Group 2) first-degree relatives (FDR) of patients with T2DM in comparison with normoglycaemic subjects without a history of T2DM in their FDR (Group 3). Results: There was a significant difference between Group 1, 2, and 3 with respect to plasma FGF 21 concentrations (143.3 ± 93.8, 221.9 ± ± 171.7 and 121.2 ± 119.8 pg/mL, respectively, p = 0.01). FGF 21 levels were significantly increased in prediabetic FDR of patients with T2DM compared to normoglycaemic subjects without a history of T2DM in their FDR (p = 0.02). FGF 21 levels did not differ between normoglycaemic FDR of patients with T2DM and normoglycaemic subjects without a history of T2DM in their FDR (p > 0.05). In the whole group, FGF 21 correlated positively with age (r = 0.31, p = 0.003), BMI (r = 0.38, p < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (r = 0.38, p = 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.26, p = 0.02), fasting blood glucose (r = 0.24, p = 0.02), HOMA-IR (r = 0.23, p = 0.03), AUC glucose (r = 0.35, p = 0.001), and AUC insulin (r = 0.32, p = 0.003) and negatively with HDL cholesterol (r = -0.24, p = 0.02) and Matsuda ISI (r = -0.33, p = 0.002). In the regression analysis, BMI was the most predictive factor for FGF 21 levels (b = 0.41, r2 = 0.17, p < 0.001). Conclusions: We showed that FGF 21 concentrations are increased in prediabetic FDR of patients with T2DM and that there is a significant association between FGF 21 and obesity and insulin sensitivity.
Windows of opportunity for physical activity in the prevention of obesity; Tackling increasing rates of obesity is likely to be a defining feature of health care over the next several decades. Adult obesity is a persistent and treatment-resistant problem. Consequently, an emerging theme in the literature is to commence prevention efforts earlier in the developmental time course. This view is based primarily on epidemiological data demonstrating a link between traits manifesting early during development and increased obesity risk in adulthood. Physical activity is a perennial factor in discussions of obesity prevention. However, the optimal timing and type of physical activity interventions to commence remains unclear. Critical developmental windows of plasticity may afford time-limited opportunities to shape body composition across the life course; however, physical activity has not been explicitly considered in these discussions. Although animal models suggest that physical activity commenced earlier in development has differential effects on obesity onset compared to physical activity commenced in adulthood, human research is lacking. In this conceptual review, we consider physical activity during critical developmental periods as a way to mitigate obesity risk later in life. © 2015 International Association for the Study of Obesity.
Genetic associations of the visfatin G-948t polymorphism with obesity-related metabolic traits in an Iranian population; Obesity is a global public health problem. Visfatin, as an adipocytokine, is coded by a gene known as nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase. So far, results were conflicted regarding correlations of visfatin with obesity and metabolic variables. The present study aimed to explore the association between G-948T polymorphism of visfatin gene with obesity and lipid profile in a nationally representative sample of Iranian population. Materials and Methods: In this case–control study, we assessed 129 randomly selected patients with obesity and 182 healthy normal weight controls from participants of Isfahan Healthy Heart Program. Genomic DNA was isolated from peripheral blood cells, and high-resolution melt polymerase chain reaction was performed to explore the presence of G-948T polymorphism. Results: T carriers “GT + TT” were statistically more frequent in the obese patients than the controls (P = 0.013; odds ratio = 1.9, 95% confidence interval = 1.1–3.1). The serum levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were significantly different between T carriers and GG homozygote genotype (P = 0.03 and 0.02, respectively). Conclusion: We concluded that visfatin G-948T polymorphism was correlated with obesity, total cholesterol, and LDL-C levels in our population. © 2016 Journal of Research in Medical Sciences.
Anterior and posterior pituitary disease and pregnancy; Hyperprolactinemia commonly causes symptoms of galactorrhea, amenorrhea, and infertility. The differential diagnosis of hyperprolactinemia is extensive. This chapter focuses on the patient with a prolactinoma. Hemorrhage into the tumor causing headache and visual symptoms during pregnancy, however, has been reported several times. Fewer than 150 cases of Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy have been reported. Only three cases have been reported of pregnancy occurring in women with TSH-secreting tumors. Pregnancy would not expected to influence tumor size in patients with clinically nonfunctioning adenomas (CNFAs) and only two cases have been reported in which tumor enlargement during pregnancy resulted in a visual field defect. Acute fatty liver of pregnancy and other disturbances of hepatic function such as hepatitis may be associated with late onset transient diabetes insipidus (DI) of pregnancy in some patients. DI that developing postpartum may be a result of Sheehan's syndrome or lymphocytic hypophysitis. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increased hepatic gluconeogenesis and decreased glucose uptake, and increased hepatic de novo lipogenesis in rat model of maternal diabetes; In pregnancies complicated by diabetes, hyperglycemia and lipid metabolism alterations are associated with both maternal and fetal complications. However the mechanism of metabolic alterations in mothers that contribute to hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia is not fully understood. In the present study we investigated the mechanisms underlying hyperglycemia and hypertriglyceridemia in gestational diabetes using a rat model. Diabetes was induced in virgin rats by the administration of 50 mg Streptozotocin (STZ) i.p. After the STZ injection, the animals were mated. On the 19th day of pregnancy all the rats were laparotomised after withdrawal of blood by cardiac puncture. Blood was used for the determination of insulin, glucose, cholesterol. Liver and pancreas were removed and used for biochemical assays and light microscopy. Plasma glucose, cholesterol and insulin were significantly higher in the diabetic rats as compared with control. The mRNA expressions of the rate limiting gluconeogenic enzymes PEPCK and Glucose 6 phosphatase and de novo lipogenic enzymes acetyl CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthase were higher in the livers of diabetic rats. The protein level and activity of GK was decreased in the livers of diabetic rats. The results of the present study suggest that hyperglycemia observed in diabetic pregnant rats may be due to increased gluconeogenesis, increased glucose output and decreased glucose uptake by the liver. Hyperlipidemia may be due to increased de novo lipid synthesis in the liver. © 2016, Scientific Publishers of India. All rights reserved.
Serum fibroblast growth factor 21 in overweight and obese Thai children and adolescents: Its relation to glucose metabolism and its change after glucose loading; Objectives Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been demonstrated to be beneficial for glucose metabolism in animal and in vitro studies. However, its role in humans is still unclear. This study aimed to determine serum FGF21 in relation to glucose metabolism in obese children and to evaluate serum FGF21 changes during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Design, patients and measurements A cross-sectional study of 301 obese children was conducted in a tertiary hospital. All children underwent an OGTT and had their fasting serum FGF21 and adiponectin measured. A subgroup of 71 children had their serum FGF21 levels serially measured at 0, 60 and 120 min during the OGTT. Results Serum FGF21 levels were progressively increased in children with normal glucose tolerance without hyperinsulinaemia, normal glucose tolerance with hyperinsulinaemia and abnormal glucose tolerance [median (IQR): 72 (34-148), 96 (55-182), 122 (75-220) pg/ml, respectively, P = 0·003]. Log serum FGF21 was associated with homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (r = 0·174, P = 0·002). There was no correlation between log serum FGF21 and serum adiponectin level. During the OGTT, there were changes in serum FGF21 levels with a decrease in FGF21 at 60 min from the baseline and an increase above the baseline at 120 min. Conclusions Serum FGF21 level was highest in obese children with the highest insulin resistance or abnormal glucose tolerance. Log serum FGF21 was not correlated with serum adiponectin. Changes in serum FGF21 levels during the OGTT were observed. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Developmental programming by maternal obesity in 2015: Outcomes, mechanisms, and potential interventions; This article is part of a Special Issue "SBN 2014".Obesity in women of child-bearing age is a growing problem in developed and developing countries. Evidence from human studies indicates that maternal BMI correlates with offspring adiposity from an early age and predisposes to metabolic disease in later life. Thus the early life environment is an attractive target for intervention to improve public health. Animal models have been used to investigate the specific physiological outcomes and mechanisms of developmental programming that result from exposure to maternal obesity in utero. From this research, targeted intervention strategies can be designed. In this review we summarise recent progress in this field, with a focus on cardiometabolic disease and central control of appetite and behaviour. We highlight key factors that may mediate programming by maternal obesity, including leptin, insulin, and ghrelin. Finally, we explore potential lifestyle and pharmacological interventions in humans and the current state of evidence from animal models. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) Concept: Past, Present, and Future; The "developmental origins of health and disease" (DOHaD) is a concept that has emerged over the past 50. years, linking the state of health and risk from disease in later childhood and adult life with the environmental conditions of the early life. Originally based on epidemiologic observations, the concept has given rise to a field that brings together clinical studies in a range of specialties, public and global health, experimental physiology, molecular biology (especially epigenetics), developmental biology, anthropology, the social sciences, and evolutionary biology. This chapter examines the evolution of thinking about the relationship between developmental influences and later-life health and disease; examines the establishment of DOHaD as a conceptual framework and a research field in its own right; discusses criticisms of DOHaD and barriers to its acceptance within the broader research community as well as to its recent integration into public health policy; and, finally, considers future directions that the field may take. © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cord blood irisin at the extremes of fetal growth; Background/aims Irisin, a novel myokine with antiobesity properties, drives brown-fat-like conversion of white adipose tissue, thus increasing energy expenditure and improving glucose tolerance. We aimed to investigate circulating irisin concentrations in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) and intrauterine-growth-restricted (IUGR) fetuses, both associated with metabolic dysregulation and long-term susceptibility to obesity and metabolic syndrome development. Methods Plasma irisin and insulin concentrations were determined by ELISA and IRMA, respectively, in 80 mixed arteriovenous cord blood samples from LGA (n = 30), IUGR (n = 30) and appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA, n = 20) singleton full-term pregnancies. Fetuses were classified as LGA, IUGR or AGA, based on customized birth-weight standards adjusted for significant determinants of fetal growth. Results Fetal irisin concentrations were lower in IUGR cases than AGA controls (p = 0.031). Cord blood irisin concentrations were similar in LGA and AGA groups and positively correlated with birth-weight, as well as customized centiles (r = 0.245, p = 0.029 and r = 0.247, p = 0.027, respectively). Insulin concentrations were higher in LGA, compared to AGA fetuses (p = 0.036). In the LGA group, fetal irisin concentrations positively correlated with fetal insulin concentrations (r = 0.374, p = 0.042). Conclusions Impaired skeletal muscle metabolism in IUGR fetuses may account for their irisin deficiency, which may be part of the fetal programming process, leading to increased susceptibility to later metabolic syndrome development. Furthermore, irisin down-regulation may predispose IUGR infants to hypothermia at birth, by inducing less "browning" of their adipose tissue and consequently less non-shivering thermogenesis. Irisin upregulation with increasing birth-weight may contribute to a slower fat gain during early infancy ("catch-down"), by promoting higher total energy expenditure. The positive correlation between irisin and insulin in the LGA group may reflect a counterbalance of the documented hyperinsulinemia, which is partly responsible for the excessive fat deposition in the LGA fetus. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Lipids nutrition and epigenetic modification in obesity-related co-morbitities; During the past decade, the role of epigenetic mechanisms in the pathogenesis of disease has been increasingly recognized. Current evidence strongly suggests that chronic inflammation is a landmark of obesity, atherosclerosis, nonalcoholic fatty liver diseases, and cancer and that markers of inflammation are important predictors of cardiovascular risk factors. A crucial question is how proinflammatory gene expression patterns are established and maintained in the afore-mentioned illnesses.Epigenetic gene regulation is a partially new arrival in the field of cardiovascular disease. Epigenetics provides attractive candidate disease mechanisms, as it, in principle, explains how diet, environment, and lifestyle can impose aberrant gene expression patterns in an individual's lifetime and even this is the result of transgenerational epigenetic inheritance.The main long-term goals in this field are the identification and understanding of the role of epigenetic markers that could be used as early predictors of metabolic risk and the development of drugs or diet-related treatments able to delay these epigenetic changes and even reverse them.Therefore, a continued and greater understanding of these mechanisms will eventually help in the identification of individuals at high risk of metabolic syndrome, and allow the development of therapeutic interventions, in accordance with current global government strategy, utilizing foods such as PUFAs. © 2016 AOCS Press.
Nutrigenomic Functions of PPARs in Obesogenic Environments; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are ligand-activated transcription factors that mediate the effects of several nutrients or drugs through transcriptional regulation of their target genes in obesogenic environments. This review consists of three parts. First, we summarize current knowledge regarding the role of PPARs in governing the development of white and brown/beige adipocytes from uncommitted progenitor cells. Next, we discuss the interactions of dietary bioactive molecules, such as fatty acids and phytochemicals, with PPARs for the modulation of PPAR-dependent transcriptional activities and metabolic consequences. Lastly, the effects of PPAR polymorphism on obesity and metabolic outcomes are discussed. In this review, we aim to highlight the critical role of PPARs in the modulation of adiposity and subsequent metabolic adaptation in response to dietary challenges and genetic modifications. Understanding the changes in obesogenic environments as a consequence of PPARs/nutrient interactions may help expand the field of individualized nutrition to prevent obesity and obesity-associated metabolic comorbidities. © 2016 Soonkyu Chung et al.
Convergence in insulin resistance between very severely obese and lean women at the end of pregnancy; Aims: Disrupted intermediary metabolism may contribute to the adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with very severe obesity. Our aim was to study metabolism in such pregnancies. Methods: We recruited a longitudinal cohort of very severely obese (n = 190) and lean (n = 118) glucose-tolerant women for anthropometric and metabolic measurements at early, mid and late gestation and postpartum. In case–control studies of very severely obese and lean women we measured glucose and glycerol turnover during low- and high-dose hyperinsulinaemic–euglycaemic clamps (HEC) at early and late pregnancy and in non-pregnant women (each n = 6–9) and body fat distribution by MRI in late pregnancy (n = 10/group). Results: Although greater glucose, insulin, NEFA and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and greater weight and % fat mass (FM) was observed in very severely obese vs lean participants, the degree of worsening was attenuated in the very severely obese individuals with advancing gestation, with no difference in triacylglycerol (TG) concentrations between very severely obese and lean women at term. Enhanced glycerol production was observed in early pregnancy only in very severely obese individuals, with similar intrahepatic FM in very severely obese vs lean women by late gestation. Offspring from obese mothers were heavier (p = 0.04). Conclusions/interpretation: Pregnancies complicated by obesity demonstrate attenuation in weight gain and insulin resistance compared with pregnancies in lean women. Increased glycerol production is confined to obese women in early pregnancy and obese and lean individuals have similar intrahepatic FM by term. When targeting maternal metabolism to treat adverse pregnancy outcomes, therapeutic intervention may be most effective applied early in pregnancy. © 2015, The Author(s).
Maternal supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid in the setting of diet-induced obesity normalises the inflammatory phenotype in mothers and reverses metabolic dysfunction and impaired insulin sensitivity in offspring; Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet significantly impacts the fetal environment and predisposes offspring to obesity and metabolic dysfunction during adulthood. We examined the effects of a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic and inflammatory profiles and whether maternal supplementation with the anti-inflammatory lipid conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) could have beneficial effects on mothers and offspring. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a control (CD; 10% kcal from fat), CLA (CLA; 10% kcal from fat, 1% total fat as CLA), high-fat (HF; 45% kcal from fat) or high fat with CLA (HFCLA; 45% kcal from fat, 1% total fat as CLA) diet ad libitum 10. days prior to and throughout gestation and lactation. Dams and offspring were culled at either late gestation (fetal day 20, F20) or early postweaning (postnatal day 24, P24). CLA, HF and HFCLA dams were heavier than CD throughout gestation. Plasma concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines interleukin-1β and tumour necrosis factor-α were elevated in HF dams, with restoration in HFCLA dams. Male and female fetuses from HF dams were smaller at F20 but displayed catch-up growth and impaired insulin sensitivity at P24, which was reversed in HFCLA offspring. HFCLA dams at P24 were protected from impaired insulin sensitivity as compared to HF dams. Maternal CLA supplementation normalised inflammation associated with consumption of a high-fat diet and reversed associated programming of metabolic dysfunction in offspring. This demonstrates that there are critical windows of developmental plasticity in which the effects of an adverse early-life environment can be reversed by maternal dietary interventions. © 2015 Elsevier Inc..
The protective functions of omentin in cardiovascular diseases; Adipose tissue is considered as a large gland that can produce paracrine and endocrine hormones. Growing evidence suggests that adipocytes may link obesity to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Adipose tissue produces a large number of mediators, which affect metabolism, inflammation and coagulation. Omentin, a novel adipocytokine, has come into the center of interest due to its favorable effects on inflammation, glucose homeostasis and CVD. The present review provides a concise and general overview on the roles of omentin in CVD. The knowledge of these concepts may provide a new strategy to reduce disease risks on CVD in the future. © 2015 Elsevier B.V.
The correlation analysis of primary liver cancer with Type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between Type 2 diabetes and primary liver cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the period from December 2008 to December 2014, all blood sugar data of patients in our hospital was collected, and the total number is 18213. Except for repeatedly hospitalized diabetic person, newborn stress status, or venous transfusion blood glucose, gestational diabetes, etc., By retrieving the medical record information of patients in the hospital, and using telephone or letter follow-up the patients, we collected 127 people with type 1 diabetes and found no liver cancer patients; Type 2 diabetes, 10,794 cases of patient information, 59 with primary liver cancer. For data analysis, Stata11.0 ratio was used as the main analysis indicators, using Chi-square test and statistical analysis. RESULTS: About 10,794 Type 2 diabetes cases with 59 primary liver cancer, the incidence is 54.66/10,000, men liver cancer incidence (92.78/10,000) than women (27.13/10,000), with significant difference (χ2 = 26.621, P < 0.001). As the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly (χ2 = 19.961, P = 0.001). The rate was highest for 50-60-year-old men, and the women at age 70, and older incidence is highest. Irrespective of men or women with diabetes as the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer had significantly increased (P = 0.001, P = 0.002). Hepatitis B or hepatitis C incidence was 2.94%, but diabetes incidence of hepatitis men (3.98%) and women (2.01%) did not find significant differences (χ2 = 0.3361, P = 0.562). Three hundred and seventeen cases of Type 2 diabetes with hepatitis, the incidence of primary liver cancer was 11.67%, the liver cancer incidence of diabetes patients with hepatitis men (17.78%) than women (3.97%), with significant difference (χ2 = 37.429, P < 0.001). With the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer (χ2 =15.023, P = 0.01) of diabetes and hepatitis patients is significantly increased, and with the growth of age, the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05), but not the female patients. Without merge hepatitis, the morbility of primary liver cancer in 10477 cases of type2 diabetes incidence is 0.21%, the liver cancer incidence men (0.34%) than women (0.11%), with significant difference (χ2 = 6.471, P = 0.011).As the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer of diabetes patients without hepatits is significantly increased (χ2 =15.612, P = 0.008) ,and the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05) as the growth of the age, but not the female patients. Diabetic persons according to the illness time can be divided into 0-5 years, 5-10 years, 10-20 years, and over 20 years of four stages, including 5-10 years and 10-20 years is liver cancer patients with diabetes incidence peak, male diabetic hepatitis in patients with liver cancer incidence than women, with significant difference (χ2 = 22.757, P < 0.001). The possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly (χ2 = 15.023, P = 0.01) for longer duration of illness, but only the male patients with liver cancer incidence showed significant difference with longer duration of illness, women showed no significance. CONCLUSION: Diabetes was associated with the primary liver cancer, most likely is one of the causes of primary liver cancer. © 2015 Indian Journal of Cancer | Pulished by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow.
Insulin-signalling molecules in the liver of high-fat diet and fructose-induced type-2 diabetic adult male rat; Ferulic acid (FA) is a phenolic phytochemical known for its antidiabetic property The present study is designed to evaluate the mechanism behind its antidiabetic property in high-fat and fructose-induced type 2 diabetic adult male rats. Animals were divided into 5 groups: (i) control, (ii) diabetic control, (iii) diabetic animals treated with FA (50 mg/(kg body weight·day)–1, orally) for 30 days, (iv) diabetic animals treated with metformin (50 mg/(kg body weight·day)–1, orally) for 30 days, and (v) control rats treated with FA. FA treatment to diabetic animals restored blood glucose, serum insulin, glucose tolerance, and insulin tolerance to normal range. Hepatic glycogen concentration, activity of glycogen synthase, and glucokinase were significantly decreased, whereas activity of glycogen phosphorylase and enzymes of gluconeogenesis (phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase)) were increased in diabetic animals and FA restored these to normal levels similar to that of metformin. FA improved the insulin signalling molecules and reduced the negative regulators of insulin signalling. The messenger RNA of gluconeogenic enzyme genes (PEPCK and G6Pase) and the interaction between forkhead transcription factor-O1 and promoters of gluconeogenic enzyme genes (PEPCK and G6Pase) was reduced significantly by ferulic acid. It is concluded from the present study that FA treatment to type 2 diabetic rats improves insulin sensitivity and hepatic glycogenesis but inhibits gluconeogenesis and negative regulators of insulin signalling to maintain normal glucose homeostasis. © 2015, National Research Council of Canada. All rights Reserved.
MiR-410 enhanced hESC-derived pancreatic endoderm transplant to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition commonly encountered during mid to late pregnancy with pathologic manifestations including hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and fetal mal-development. The deficit and dysfunction of insulin secreting b-cells are signature symptoms for GDM. Pancreatic progenitors derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) were shown to be able to effectively treat diabetes in mice. In this study, we first identified that microRNA-410 (miR-410) directly targets lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), a gene selectively repressed in normal insulin secreting b-cells. hESCs that can be induced to express miR-410 hence keeping LDHA levels in check were then differentiated in vitro into pancreatic endoderm, followed by transplantation into dbl+ mouse model of GDM. The transplant greatly improved glucose metabolism and reproductive outcome of the pregnant females suffering from GDM. Our findings describe for the first time the method of combining miRNA with hESCs, providing proof of concept by employing genetically modified stem cell therapy for treating GDM. © 2015 Society for Endocrinology.
Nutrition and diagnosis-related care; Prepare your students for effective practice with Nutrition and Diagnosis-Related Care, 8e. Written by well-known author and nutritionist Sylvia Escott-Stump, this best-selling book provides "need to know," condition-specific, evidence-based medical nutrition therapy information for more than 360 diseases and disorders in a unique monograph-style format that makes information easy to find. Revised and updated throughout, the Eighth Edition features new information on the treatment of inflammation through nutrition therapy; new and updated coverage of autism and neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders; timely information for the dietician working in a collaborative, interdisciplinary care setting. © 2015 Wolters Kluwer. All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary n-3 fatty acids on hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant humans; OBJECTIVE: Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), prevent insulin resistance and stimulate mitochondrial biogenesis in rodents, but the findings of translational studies in humans are thus far ambiguous. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of EPA and DHA on insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and muscle mitochondrial function in insulin-resistant, nondiabetic humans using a robust study design and gold-standard measurements. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Thirty-one insulin-resistant adults received 3.9 g/day EPA+DHA or placebo for 6 months in a randomized double-blind study. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp with somatostatin was used to assess hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity. Postprandial glucose disposal and insulin secretion were measured after a meal. Measurements were performed at baseline and after 6 months of treatment. Abdominal fat distribution was evaluated by MRI. Muscle oxidative capacity was measured in isolated mitochondria using high-resolution respirometry and noninvasively by magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS: Compared with placebo, EPA+DHA did not alter peripheral insulin sensitivity, postprandial glucose disposal, or insulin secretion. Hepatic insulin sensitivity, determined from the suppression of endogenous glucose production by insulin, exhibited a small but significant improvement with EPA+DHA compared with placebo. Muscle mitochondrial function was unchanged by EPA+DHA or placebo. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that dietary EPA+DHA does not improve peripheral glucose disposal, insulin secretion, or skeletal muscle mitochondrial function in insulin-resistant nondiabetic humans. There was a modest improvement in hepatic insulin sensitivity with EPA+DHA, but this was not associated with any improvements in clinically meaningful outcomes. © 2015 by the American Diabetes Association.
Resveratrol improves high-fat diet induced insulin resistance by rebalancing subsarcolemmal mitochondrial oxidation and antioxidantion; Although resveratrol (RES) is thought to be a key regulator of insulin sensitivity in rodents, the exact mechanism underlying this effect remains unclear. Therefore, we sought to investigate how RES affects skeletal muscle oxidative and antioxidant levels of subsarcolemmal (SS) and intermyofibrillar (IMF) mitochondrial populations in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced insulin resistance (IR) rats. Systemic and skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity together with expressions of several genes related to mitochondrial biogenesis and skeletal muscle SIRT1, SIRT3 protein levels were studied in rats fed a normal diet, a HFD, and a HFD with intervention of RES for 8 weeks. Oxidative stress levels and antioxidant enzyme activities were assessed in SS and IMF mitochondria. HFD fed rats exhibited obvious systemic and skeletal muscle IR as well as decreased SIRT1 and SIRT3 expressions, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), and mitochondrial biogenesis (p < 0.05). Both SS and IMF mitochondria demonstrated elevated reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels. In addition, SS mitochondrial antioxidant enzyme activities were significantly lower, while IMF mitochondrial antioxidant enzyme activities were higher (p < 0.05). By contrast, RES treatment protected rats against diet induced IR, increased SIRT1 and SIRT3 expressions, mtDNA, and mitochondrial biogenesis (p < 0.05). Moreover, the activities of SS and IMF mitochondrial antioxidant enzymes were increased, which reverted the increased SS mitochondrial oxidative stress levels (p < 0.05). This study suggests that RES ameliorates insulin sensitivity consistent with improved SIRT3 expressions and rebalance between SS mitochondrial oxidative stress and antioxidant competence in HFD rats. © 2015, University of Navarra.
Effect of oxymatrine on insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; AIM: To observe the influence of oxymatrine on insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the mechanism involved. METHODS: This was a prospective randomized controlled clinical study. Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were divided into either an oxymatrine treatment group or an untreated group. Glucose oxidase method was used to detect serum fasting blood glucose (FBG) and fasting insulin (FINS). The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMAIR) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity index (HOMA-ISI) were also detected. ELISA was carried out to detect the serum levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α). Western blot was used to detect the expression of protein kinase B (AKT), p-AKT, glycogen synthase kinase-3α/β (GSK3α/β), and p-GSK3α/β proteins. RESULTS: FBG, FINS and HOMA-IR significantly decreased and HOMA-ISI increased in the oxymatrine treatment group compared with the untreated group (P < 0.05). Serum levels of ROS and TNF-α in the oxymatrine treatment group decreased significantly compared with the untreated group (P < 0.05). Western blot analysis showed that the total protein levels of AKT and GSK3α/β were unchanged (P > 0.05), but the expression of p-AKT and p-GSK3α/β significantly increased in the oxymatrine treatment group compared with the untreated group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Oxymatrine can reduce FBG and FINS, and improve insulin resistance by reducing the production of serum ROS and TNF-α and by influencing the photophosphorylation of key proteins (such as AKT and GSK3α/β) in the insulin resistance-related signaling pathways. © 2015, Baishideng Publishing Group Inc.
Novel genomic signals of recent selection in an Ethiopian population; The recent feasibility of genome-wide studies of adaptation in human populations has provided novel insights into biological pathways that have been affected by adaptive pressures. However, only a few African populations have been investigated using these genome-wide approaches. Here, we performed a genome-wide analysis for evidence of recent positive selection in a sample of 120 individuals of Wolaita ethnicity belonging to Omotic-speaking people who have inhabited the mid-and high-land areas of southern Ethiopia for millennia. Using the 11 HapMap populations as the comparison group, we found Wolaita-specific signals of recent positive selection in several human leukocyte antigen (HLA) loci. Notably, the selected loci overlapped with HLA regions that we previously reported to be associated with podoconiosis-a geochemical lymphedema of the lower legs common in the Wolaita area. We found selection signals in PPARA, a gene involved in energy metabolism during prolonged food deficiency. This finding is consistent with the dietary use of enset, a crop with high-carbohydrate and low-fat and-protein contents domesticated in Ethiopia subsequent to food deprivation 10 000 years ago, and with metabolic adaptation to high-altitude hypoxia. We observed novel selection signals in CDKAL1 and NEGR1, well-known diabetes and obesity susceptibility genes. Finally, the SLC24A5 gene locus known to be associated with skin pigmentation was in the top selection signals in the Wolaita, and the alleles of single-nucleotide polymorphisms rs1426654 and rs1834640 (SLC24A5) associated with light skin pigmentation in Eurasian populations were of high frequency (47.9%) in this Omotic-speaking indigenous Ethiopian population. © 2015 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Differences in the serum nonesterified fatty acid profile of young women associated with a recent history of gestational diabetes and overweight/obesity; Background: Nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) play pathophysiological roles in metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, we analyzed the fasting NEFA profiles of normoglycemic individuals at risk for T2D (women with a recent history of gestational diabetes (GDM)) in comparison to controls (women after a normoglycemic pregnancy). We also examined the associations of NEFA species with overweight/obesity, body fat distribution and insulin sensitivity. Subjects and Methods: Using LC-MS/MS, we analyzed 41 NEFA species in the fasting sera of 111 women (62 post-GDM, 49 controls). Clinical characterization included a five-point oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biomarkers and anthropometrics, magnetic resonance imaging (n = 62) and a food frequency questionnaire. Nonparametric tests with Bonferroni correction, binary logistic regression analyses and rank correlations were used for statistical analysis. Results: Women after GDM had a lower molar percentage of total saturated fatty acids (SFA; 38.55% vs. 40.32%, p = 0.0002) than controls. At an explorative level of significance several NEFA species were associated with post-GDM status (with and without adjustment for body mass index (BMI) and HbA1c): The molar percentages of 14:0, 16:0, 18:0 and 18:4 were reduced, whereas those of 18:1, 18:2, 20:2, 24:4, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and total n-6 NEFA were increased. BMI and the amount of body fat correlated inversely with several SFA and MUFA and positively with various PUFA species over the whole study cohort (abs(ρ)≥0.3 for all). 14:0 was inversely and BMI-independently associated with abdominal visceral adiposity. We saw no correlations of NEFA species with insulin sensitivity and the total NEFA concentration was similar in the post-GDM and the control group. Conclusion: In conclusion, we found alterations in the fasting NEFA profile associated with a recent history of gestational diabetes, a risk marker for T2D. NEFA composition also varied with overweight/obesity and with body fat distribution, but not with insulin sensitivity. © 2015 Fugmann et al.
Systematic review on intervention with prebiotics/probiotics in patients with obesity-related nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: The gut microbiota is modulated by metabolic derangements, such as nutrition overload and obesity. Aim: The aim of this systematic review is to summarize the role of these gut modifiers in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and obesity. Methods: A systematic search of MEDLINE (from 1946), PubMed (from 1946) and EMBASE (from 1949) databases through May 2014 was carried out to identify relevant articles. The search terms were 'probiotic' AND 'NAFLD', 'prebiotic' AND 'NAFLD', 'antibiotic' AND 'NAFLD', 'probiotics' AND 'obesity', 'prebiotic' AND 'obesity' or 'antibiotic' AND 'obesity'; these terms were searched as text word in 'clinical trials' and as exploded medical subject headings where possible. Results: The evidence in the literature is scant, due to the scarcity of appropriately powered, randomized, controlled clinical trials, involving various centers and population of different origin. Conclusion: Although probiotics and prebiotics have been proposed in the treatment and prevention of patients with obesity-related NAFLD, their therapeutic use is not supported by high-quality clinical studies. © 2015 Future Medicine Ltd.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 expressions in white blood cells and sera of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus during gestation and postpartum; Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), a recently discovered regulatory factor, plays an important role in glucose and lipid metabolism. In this study, we firstly found the FGF21 expression in white blood cells (WBCs). Then, we enrolled 51 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 50 pregnant women with normal blood glucose levels to determine the FGF21 levels in the WBCs and the sera at the 28th week of pregnancy, and tracked the dynamic changes of FGF21 in these women until the 7th day postpartum. Repeated Measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) revealed that there was a significant interaction effect between group and time on FGF21 levels (P < 0.05). FGF21 levels were significantly higher in the GDM patients than those in the controls at the 28th week of pregnancy. The 7th day after the delivery, the FGF21 levels decreased in the WBCs and the sera in both groups. The D values (the difference between pregnancy and postpartum) for FGF21 levels were significantly higher in the GDM group (P < 0.05). Serum FGF21 level during gestation positively correlated with leptin, triglyceride, and HDL-cholesterol, and FGF21 may act as a glucose and lipid metabolism compensatory regulatory factor to improve glucose and lipid metabolism during the period of pregnancy. Further, FGF21 level in the WBCs (during pregnancy and the D values for FGF21) was chiefly influenced by GDM. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus pathways for programming inmouse,Monkey, and man-where do we go next? The 2014 norbert freinkel award lecture; Obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus continue to increase worldwide and span the spectrum of age, race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. Alarmingly, 1 in 10 infants and toddlers is obese, and 1 in 5 youths is both obese and at risk formetabolic syndrome prior to puberty. The mechanisms underlying how poor maternal health imparts risk for future metabolic disease in the offspring are beginning to emerge in deeply phenotyped human and nonhuman primate models. Maternal diet and obesity impact fuels, hormones, and inflammation with powerful effects on fetal metabolic systems. These are accompanied by persistent changes in the infant microbiome and epigenome and in offspring behavior. These results suggest that gestational and lactational dietary exposures are driving health risks in the next generation. Whether maternal diet can prevent changes in the womb to alter infant life-course disease risk is still unknown. Controlled, mechanistic studies to identify interventions are sorely needed for a healthier next generation. ©2015 by the American Diabetes Association.
Circulating miR-192 and miR-193b are markers of prediabetes and are modulated by an exercise intervention; Context: Diabetes is frequently diagnosed late, when the development of complications is almost inevitable, decreasing the quality of life of patients. However, early detection of affected individuals would allow the implementation of timely and effective therapies. Objective: Here we set to describe the profile of circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) in prediabetic patients with the intention of identifying novel diagnostic and therapeutic tools. Design: We used real-time RT-PCR to measure the abundance of 176 miRNAs in serum of a cohort of 92 control and prediabetic individuals with either impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance, as well as newly diagnosed diabetic patients. We validated the results in a second cohort of control and prediabetic subjects undergoing a therapeutic exercise intervention, as well as in a mouse model of glucose intolerance. Results: We identified two miRNAs, miR-192 and miR-193b, whose abundance is significantly increased in the prediabetic state but not in diabetic patients. Strikingly, these miRNAs are also increased in plasma of glucose-intolerant mice. Moreover, circulating levels of miR-192 and miR-193b return to baseline in both prediabetic humans and glucose-intolerant mice undergoing a therapeutic intervention consisting in chronic exercise, which succeeded in normalizing metabolic parameters. Conclusions: Our data show that the pattern of circulating miRNAs is modified by defects in glucose metabolism in a similar manner in mice and humans. This circulating miRNA signature for prediabetes could be used as a new diagnostic tool, as well as to monitor response to intervention. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Ethnic differences in BMI, subcutaneous fat, and serum leptin levels during and after pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes; Objective: To explore the differences between Europeans and South Asians in BMI, subcutaneous fat, and serum leptin (s-leptin) levels during and after pregnancy and their relationship with gestational diabetes (GDM). Design: Multi-ethnic population-based cohort study, whereof 353 Europeans (93.1% of the included) and 190 South Asians (95.0% of the included). Methods: S-leptin, BMI, and subcutaneous fat (sum of triceps, subscapular, and suprailiac skinfolds) were measured at 14 and 28 weeks of gestation, and 14 weeks after delivery. GDM was diagnosed with the WHO criteria 2013. Results: South Asians had similar thickness of the triceps and suprailiac skinfolds, thicker subscapular skinfold, and higher s-leptin than Europeans in early pregnancy, despite lower BMI. South Asians retained more subcutaneous fat (mean (95% CI) 10.0 (7.4-12.7) mm vs 3.8 (1.9-5.8) mm) and BMI (1.5 (1.2-1.8) kg/m2 vs 0.1 (K0.1 to 0.3) kg/m2) than Europeans 14 weeks after delivery and s-leptin decreased less in South Asians than Europeans (K0.13 (K0.27 to K0.00) mg/l vs K0.47 (K0.57 toK0.37) mg/l, P!0.001 for all). The prevalence of GDM was 23.8% (nZ84) in Europeans and 42.6% (nZ81) in South Asians. BMI, subcutaneous fat, and s-leptin were all positively associated with GDM, also after adjustment for covariates. Conclusions: The relatively high amounts of subcutaneous fat and s-leptin in South Asians in early pregnancy contributed to their increased risk of GDM. South Asians retained more weight and subcutaneous fat after delivery, potentially increasing their risk of adiposity and GDM in future pregnancies. © 2015 European Society of Endocrinology.
Phytotherapies for the management of obesity and diabetes; World Health Organization (WHO) has cited obesity as a global epidemic and its prevalence is indeed increasing at an alarming rate worldwide. Diabetes, on the other hand, is a chronic affliction characterized by hyperglycemia, an elevated blood glucose concentration, that is caused by a decreased insulin secretion, which is generally related to problems with pancreatic ß cells. As endorsed by WHO in its resolutions for traditional medicines, phytotherapies from local pharmacopoeias should be investigated and employed, that is, in primary health care to alleviate the burden of obesity and diabetes. This chapter provides support for the rightful place of phytotherapies in the management of these problems by demonstrating how developing rigorous platforms for the pharmacological screening of botanical extracts provide empirical evidence to their efficacy in chronic disease treatment. The chapter demonstrates how the necessity of community participation in integrating phytotherapies into culturally adapted treatments can lead to greater compliance. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. All rights reserved.
Fenretinide prevents obesity in aged female mice in association with increased retinoid and estrogen signaling; Objective The synthetic retinoid fenretinide (FEN) inhibits adiposity in male mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD) in association with alterations in retinoic acid (RA) signaling. Young female mice are protected from obesity via estrogen signaling. We, therefore, investigated whether FEN also influences adiposity in aged female mice differing in parity and whether such effects are mediated by retinoid and estrogen signaling. Methods Aged nulliparous and parous female mice were maintained on HFD ± FEN, and adiposity was assessed. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction was performed on white adipose tissue (WAT), liver, and 3T3-L1 adipocytes treated with RA or FEN ± estrogen. Results Parous females were more obese than nulliparous mice independent of age. FEN-HFD prevented the HFD-induced increase in adiposity and leptin levels independently of parity. FEN-HFD induced retinoid-responsive genes in WAT and liver. Parous females had reduced expression of hepatic estrogen-responsive genes, but FEN-HFD up-regulated WAT Cyp19a1 and Esr2 in parous mice. Estrogen and RA acted synergistically to increase RA receptor-mediated gene expression in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. FEN increased Cyp19a1 and Esr2, similar to our findings in vivo. Conclusions The prevention of adiposity by FEN in response to HFD in female mice seems to involve increased retinoid signaling in association with induction of local estrogen production and estrogen signaling in WAT. © 2015 The Obesity Society.
Pancreatic adipose tissue infiltration, parenchymal steatosis and beta cell function in humans; Aims/hypothesis: This study aimed to perform a comprehensive analysis of interlobular, intralobular and parenchymal pancreatic fat in order to assess their respective effects on beta cell function. Methods: Fifty-six participants (normal glucose tolerance [NGT] (n = 28), impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (n = 14) and patients with type 2 diabetes (n = 14)) underwent a frequent-sampling OGTT and non-invasive magnetic resonance imaging (MRI; whole-body and pancreatic) and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS; liver and pancreatic fat). Total pancreatic fat was assessed by a standard 2 cm31H-MRS method, intralobular fat by 1 cm31H-MRS that avoided interlobular fat within modified DIXON (mDIXON) water images, and parenchymal fat by a validated mDIXON-MRI fat-fraction method. Results: Comparison of 1H-MRS techniques revealed an inhomogeneous distribution of interlobular and intralobular adipose tissue, which increased with decreasing glucose tolerance. mDIXON-MRI measurements provided evidence against uniform steatosis, revealing regions of parenchymal tissue void of lipid accumulation in all participants. Total (r = 0.385, p < 0.01) and intralobular pancreas adipose tissue infiltration (r = 0.310, p < 0.05) positively associated with age, but not with fasting or 2 h glucose levels, BMI or visceral fat content (all p > 0.5). Furthermore, no associations were found between total and intralobular pancreatic adipose tissue infiltration and insulin secretion or beta cell function within NGT, IFG/IGT or patients with type 2 diabetes (all p > 0.2). Conclusions/interpretation: The pancreas does not appear to be another target organ for abnormal endocrine function because of ectopic parenchymal fat storage. No relationship was found between pancreatic adipose tissue infiltration and beta cell function, regardless of glucose tolerance status. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
The phenotypic spectrum of organic acidurias and urea cycle disorders. Part 1: the initial presentation; Background: The clinical presentation of patients with organic acidurias (OAD) and urea cycle disorders (UCD) is variable; symptoms are often non-specific. Aims/methods: To improve the knowledge about OAD and UCD the E-IMD consortium established a web-based patient registry. Results: We registered 795 patients with OAD (n = 452) and UCD (n = 343), with ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC) deficiency (n = 196), glutaric aciduria type 1 (GA1; n = 150) and methylmalonic aciduria (MMA; n = 149) being the most frequent diseases. Overall, 548 patients (69 %) were symptomatic. The majority of them (n = 463) presented with acute metabolic crisis during (n = 220) or after the newborn period (n = 243) frequently demonstrating impaired consciousness, vomiting and/or muscular hypotonia. Neonatal onset of symptoms was most frequent in argininosuccinic synthetase and lyase deficiency and carbamylphosphate 1 synthetase deficiency, unexpectedly low in male OTC deficiency, and least frequently in GA1 and female OTC deficiency. For patients with MMA, propionic aciduria (PA) and OTC deficiency (male and female), hyperammonemia was more severe in metabolic crises during than after the newborn period, whereas metabolic acidosis tended to be more severe in MMA and PA patients with late onset of symptoms. Symptomatic patients without metabolic crises (n = 94) often presented with a movement disorder, mental retardation, epilepsy and psychiatric disorders (the latter in UCD only). Conclusions: The initial presentation varies widely in OAD and UCD patients. This is a challenge for rapid diagnosis and early start of treatment. Patients with a sepsis-like neonatal crisis and those with late-onset of symptoms are both at risk of delayed or missed diagnosis. © 2015, SSIEM.
High levels of chorionic gonadotrophin attenuate insulin sensitivity and promote inflammation in adipocytes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) presents with moderate inflammation, insulin resistance and impaired glucose uptake, which may result from increased maternal fat mass and increased circulation of placental hormones and adipokines. In this study, we set out to test whether the surge in chorionic gonadotrophin (CG) secretion is a cause of inflammation and impaired insulin sensitivity in GDM.We first found that LH/chorionic gonadotrophin receptors (CG/LHR)were expressed at low levels in insulin-sensitivemurine 3T3-L1 adipocytes andmurine C2C12 myocytes. CG treatment not only directly reduced insulin-responsive gene expression, including that of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4), but also impaired insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in 3T3-L1 cells. Moreover, CG treatment increased the expression of the proinflammatory cytokine monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP1) and upregulated nuclear factor k-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-κB) activity in 3T3-L1 cells. Clinically, pregnant women who had higher CG levels and elevated MCP1 developed GDM. Above all, apart from prepregnancy BMI and MCP1 level, CG level was associated with abnormal glucose tolerance. In summary, our findings confirmed that higher CG levels in pregnancy possibly played a role in GDM development partly by impairing the functions of insulin, such those involved in as glucose uptake, while promoting inflammation in adipocyte. © 2015 Society for Endocrinology.
Inflammation in maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus; Background The prevalence of maternal obesity is rising rapidly worldwide and constitutes a major obstetric problem, increasing mortality and morbidity in both mother and offspring. Obese women are predisposed to pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and children of obese mothers are more likely to develop cardiovascular and metabolic disease in later life. Maternal obesity and GDM may be associated with a state of chronic, low-grade inflammation termed "metainflammation", as opposed to an acute inflammatory response. This inflammatory environment may be one mechanism by which offspring of obese women are programmed to develop adult disorders. Methods Herein we review the evidence that maternal obesity and GDM are associated with changes in the maternal, fetal and placental inflammatory profile. Results Maternal inflammation in obesity and GDM may not always be associated with fetal inflammation. Conclusion We propose that the placenta 'senses' and adapts to the maternal inflammatory environment, and plays a central role as both a target and producer of inflammatory mediators. In this manner, maternal obesity and GDM may indirectly program the fetus for later disease by influencing placental function. © Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Multiple roles of fibroblast growth factor 21 in metabolism; It is necessary to use more effective and safer therapies to treat the increasing prevalence of metabolic diseases. The evidence from several studies indicates that FGF21 which acts as an endocrine hormone can induce beneficial influence to metabolism without apparent adverse effects. Thus, the pharmacologic and physiologic actions of FGF21 play a key role in controlling substrate utilization and energy balance. Recently, the developments in the understanding of FGF21 have contributed to make FGF21 a viable and promising therapeutic agent. This review discusses the functions of FGF21 in the high-fat-diet response, the relationship between exercise and the expression of FGF21, the interaction between FGF21 and some important hormone, the potential of FGF21 pharmacology in human and the methods to prolong the half-life of FGF21. These perspectives about FGF21’s therapeutic potential highlight the importance of this molecule which could be a novel and attractive drug for metabolism disorder. © 2015 Bentham Science Publishers.
Adipokines in health and disease; Obesity increases the risk for metabolic, cardiovascular, chronic inflammatory, and several malignant diseases and, therefore, may contribute to shortened lifespan. Adipokines are peptides that signal the functional status of adipose tissue to targets in the brain, liver, pancreas, immune system, vasculature, muscle, and other tissues. Secretion of adipokines, including leptin, adiponectin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)-4, BMP-7, vaspin, apelin, and progranulin, is altered in adipose tissue dysfunction and may contribute to a spectrum of obesity-associated diseases. Adipokines are promising candidates both for novel pharmacological treatment strategies and as diagnostic tools, provided that we can develop a better understanding of the function and molecular targets of the more recently discovered adipokines. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adenosine receptors and diabetes: Focus on the A2B adenosine receptor subtype; Abstract Over the last two decades, diabetes mellitus has become one of the most challenging health problems worldwide. Diabetes mellitus, classified as type I and II, is a pathology concerning blood glucose level in the body. The nucleoside adenosine has long been known to affect insulin secretion, glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism, through activation of four G protein coupled adenosine receptors (ARs), named A1, A2A, A2B and A3. Currently, the novel promising subtype to develop new drugs for diabetes treatment is the A2BAR subtype. The use of selective agonists and antagonists for A2BAR subtype in various diabetic animal models allowed us to identify several effects of A2BAR signaling in cell metabolism. In particular, the focus of this review is to summarize the studies on purinergic signaling associated with diabetes through A2BARs modulation. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Epicardial fat thickness is associated to type 2 diabetes mellitus in Korean men: A cross-sectional study; Background: Visceral fat, including epicardial fat (EF) is recognized as a responsible factor of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between EF and diabetes in Korean men. Methods: EF thickness was measured in the left main coronary artery fat tissue (LMCA-fat) by low-dose chest CT scans in 1,048 Korean men (age above 20 years). LMCA-fat values were divided into quartiles and the prevalence of diabetes was analyzed based on the quartiles of LMCA-fat values using logistic regression. Results: There were significant correlations between LMCA-fat and body mass index (r = 0.169, p = 0.004), waist circumference (r = 0.172, p < 0.001), fasting glucose (r = 0.106, p = 0.037) and HbA1c (r = 0.176, p < 0.001). The patients in the higher LMCA-fat quartiles were associated with higher prevalence of diabetes (p for trend <0.001). Even after adjustment for multiple covariates, this association still remained statistically significant (p for trend = 0.022). The highest LMCA-fat quartile group was significantly associated with diabetes compared to the lowest quartile group. (OR = 3.26, 95% CI = 1.17-9.12). Conclusion: These findings indicate that increased EF thickness is independently associated with the prevalence of diabetes in Korean men. © 2015 Chun et al.; licensee BioMed Central.
Handbook of Obstetric medicine, fifth edition; Medical professionals are often involved in the management of the pregnant patient without necessarily being experts on all the complications surrounding pregnancy. The Handbook of Obstetric Medicine addresses the most common and serious medical conditions encountered in pregnancy, including heart disease, thromboembolism, diabetes, skin problems. © All rights reserved.
Maternal omega-3 fatty acids and micronutrients modulate fetal lipid metabolism: A review; It is well established that alterations in the mother[U+05F3]s diet or metabolism during pregnancy has long-term adverse effects on the lipid metabolism in the offspring. There is growing interest in the role of specific nutrients especially omega-3 fatty acids in the pathophysiology of lipid disorders. A series of studies carried out in humans and rodents in our department have consistently suggested a link between omega-3 fatty acids especially docosahexaenoic acid and micronutrients (vitamin B12 and folic acid) in the one carbon metabolic cycle and its effect on the fatty acid metabolism, hepatic transcription factors and DNA methylation patterns. However the association of maternal intake or metabolism of these nutrients with fetal lipid metabolism is relatively less explored. In this review, we provide insights into the role of maternal omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin B12 and their influence on fetal lipid metabolism through various mechanisms which influence phosphatidylethanolamine-N-methyltransferase activity, peroxisome proliferator activated receptor, adiponectin signaling pathway and epigenetic process like chromatin methylation. This will help understand the possible mechanisms involved in fetal lipid metabolism and may provide important clues for the prevention of lipid disorders in the offspring. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Effects of maternal diet and exercise during pregnancy on glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle and fat of weanling rats; Obesity during pregnancy contributes to the development of metabolic disorders in offspring. Maternal exercise may limit gestational weight gain and ameliorate these programming effects. We previously showed benefits of post-weaning voluntary exercise in offspring from obese dams. Here we examined whether voluntary exercise during pregnancy influences lipid and glucose homeostasis in muscle and fat in offspring of both lean and obese dams. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed chow (C) or high fat (F) diet for 6 weeks before mating. Half underwent voluntary exercise (CE/FE) with a running wheel introduced 10 days prior to mating and available until the dams delivered; others remained sedentary (CS/FS). Male and female pups were killed at postnatal day (PND)19 and retroperitoneal fat and gastrocnemius muscle were collected for gene expression. Lean and obese dams achieved similar modest levels of exercise. At PND1, both male and female pups from exercised lean dams were significantly lighter (CE versus CS), with no effect in those from obese dams. At PND19, maternal obesity significantly increased offspring body weight and adiposity, with no effect of maternal exercise. Exercise significantly reduced insulin concentrations in males (CE/FE versus CS/FS), with reduced glucose in male FE pups. In males, maternal obesity significantly decreased muscle myogenic differentiation 1 (MYOD1) and glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) mRNA expressions (FS vs CS); these were normalized by exercise. Maternal exercise upregulated adipose GLUT4, interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC1α) mRNA expression in offspring of dams consuming chow. Modest voluntary exercise during pregnancy was associated with lower birth weight in pups from lean dams. Maternal exercise appeared to decrease the metabolic risk induced by maternal obesity, improving insulin/glucose metabolism, with greater effects in male than female offspring. © 2015 Raipuria et al.
Epigenome-wide association study (EWAS) of BMI, BMI change and waist circumference in African American adults identifies multiple replicated loci; Obesity is an important component of the pathophysiology of chronic diseases. Identifying epigenetic modifications associated with elevated adiposity, including DNA methylation variation, may point to genomic pathways that are dysregulated in numerous conditions. The Illumina 450K Bead Chip array was used to assay DNA methylation in leukocyte DNA obtained from 2097 African American adults in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study. Mixed-effects regression models were used to test the association of methylation beta value with concurrent body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC), and BMI change, adjusting for batch effects and potential confounders. Replication using whole-blood DNA from 2377 White adults in the Framingham Heart Study and CD4+ T cell DNA from 991 Whites in the Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drugs and Diet Network Study was followed by testing using adipose tissue DNA from 648 women in the Multiple Tissue Human Expression Resource cohort. Seventy-six BMI-related probes, 164 WC-related probes and 8 BMI change-related probes passed the threshold for significance in ARIC (P < 1 × 10−7; Bonferroni), including probes in the recently reported HIF3A, CPT1A and ABCG1 regions. Replication using blood DNA was achieved for 37 BMI probes and 1 additional WC probe. Sixteen of these also replicated in adipose tissue, including 15 novel methylation findings near genes involved in lipid metabolism, immune response/cytokine signaling and other diverse pathways, including LGALS3BP, KDM2B, PBX1 and BBS2, among others. Adiposity traits are associated with DNA methylation at numerous CpG sites that replicate across studies despite variation in tissue type, ethnicity and analytic approaches. , © The Author 2015.
Does Circadian Disruption Play a Role in the Metabolic–Hormonal Link to Delayed Lactogenesis II?; Breastfeeding improves maternal and child health. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends exclusive breastfeeding for 6 months, with continued breastfeeding for at least 1 year. However, in the US, only 18.8% of infants are exclusively breastfed until 6 months of age. For mothers who initiate breastfeeding, the early post-partum period sets the stage for sustained breastfeeding. Mothers who experience breastfeeding problems in the early post-partum period are more likely to discontinue breastfeeding within 2 weeks. A major risk factor for shorter breastfeeding duration is delayed lactogenesis II (DLII; i.e., onset of milk “coming in” more than 72 h post-partum). Recent studies report a metabolic–hormonal link to DLII. This is not surprising because around the time of birth the mother’s entire metabolism changes to direct nutrients to mammary glands. Circadian and metabolic systems are closely linked, and our rodent studies suggest circadian clocks coordinate hormonal and metabolic changes to support lactation. Molecular and environmental disruption of the circadian system decreases a dam’s ability to initiate lactation and negatively impacts milk production. Circadian and metabolic systems evolved to be functional and adaptive when lifestyles and environmental exposures were quite different from modern times. We now have artificial lights, longer work days, and increases in shift work. Disruption in the circadian system due to shift work, jet-lag, sleep disorders, and other modern life style choices are associated with metabolic disorders, obesity, and impaired reproduction. We hypothesize that DLII is related to disruption of the mother’s circadian system. Here, we review literature that supports this hypothesis, and describe interventions that may help to increase breastfeeding success. © Copyright © 2015 Fu, Zhang, Ahmed, Plaut, Haas, Szucs and Casey.
Biologic responses to weight loss and weight regain: Report from an American diabetes association research symposium; On 26-28 April 2013, the American Diabetes Association convened an international group of experts in Washington, DC, for a research symposium titled "Biologic Responses to Weight Loss and Weight Regain." The speakers addressed the following topics: 1) developmental processes and the prevention of weight gain, 2) behavioral management approaches to weight loss, 3) distinctions between the physiological mechanisms of weight loss and weight maintenance and the implications for treatment, 4) the role of exercise in weight loss and maintenance, 5) the physiological mechanisms and effectiveness of bariatric surgery, and 6) pharmacological approaches to weight loss and maintenance. Both scientific and clinical perspectives were provided. The meeting concluded with an open session in which all the participants discussed emerging areas of investigation as well as unmet research needs. This discussion resulted in a series of recommendations for future research directions (Table 1). This Perspective article consists of summaries of the symposium sessions, by topic. © 2015 by the American Diabetes Association.
The stool microbiota of insulin resistant women with recent gestational diabetes, a high risk group for type 2 diabetes; The gut microbiota has been linked to metabolic diseases. However, information on the microbiome of young adults at risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) is lacking. The aim of this cross-sectional analysis was to investigate whether insulin resistant women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), a high risk group for T2D, differ in their stool microbiota from women after a normoglycemic pregnancy (controls). Bacterial communities were analyzed by high-throughput 16S rRNA gene sequencing using fecal samples from 42 pGDM and 35 control subjects 3-16 months after delivery. Clinical characterization included a 5-point OGTT, anthropometrics, clinical chemistry markers and a food frequency questionnaire. Women with a Prevotellaceae-dominated intestinal microbiome were overrepresented in the pGDM group (p < 0.0001). Additionally, the relative abundance of the phylum Firmicutes was significantly lower in women pGDM (median 48.5 vs. 56.8%; p = 0.013). Taxa richness (alpha diversity) was similar between the two groups and with correction for multiple testing we observed no significant differences on lower taxonomic levels. These results suggest that distinctive features of the intestinal microbiota are already present in young adults at risk for T2D and that further investigations of a potential pathophysiological role of gut bacteria in early T2D development are warranted.
Proteome- and Transcriptome-Driven Reconstruction of the Human Myocyte Metabolic Network and Its Use for Identification of Markers for Diabetes; Skeletal myocytes are metabolically active and susceptible to insulin resistance and are thus implicated in type 2 diabetes (T2D). This complex disease involves systemic metabolic changes, and their elucidation at the systems level requires genome-wide data and biological networks. Genome-scale metabolic models (GEMs) provide a network context for the integration of high-throughput data. We generated myocyte-specific RNA-sequencing data and investigated their correlation with proteome data. These data were then used to reconstruct a comprehensive myocyte GEM. Next, we performed a meta-analysis of six studies comparing muscle transcription in T2D versus healthy subjects. Transcriptional changes were mapped on the myocyte GEM, revealing extensive transcriptional regulation in T2D, particularly around pyruvate oxidation, branched-chain amino acid catabolism, and tetrahydrofolate metabolism, connected through the downregulated dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase. Strikingly, the gene signature underlying this metabolic regulation successfully classifies the disease state of individual samples, suggesting that regulation of these pathways is a ubiquitous feature of myocytes in response to T2D. © 2015 The Authors.
Type 2 diabetes is a delayed late effect of whole-body irradiation in nonhuman primates; One newly recognized consequence of radiation exposure may be the delayed development of diabetes and metabolic disease. We document the development of type 2 diabetes in a unique nonhuman primate cohort of monkeys that were whole-body irradiated with high doses (6.5-8.4 Gy) 5-9 years earlier. We report here a higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes in irradiated monkeys compared to age-matched nonirradiated monkeys. These irradiated diabetic primates demonstrate insulin resistance and hypertriglyceridemia, however, they lack the typical obese presentation of primate midlife diabetogenesis. Surprisingly, body composition analyses by computed tomography indicated that prior irradiation led to a specific loss of visceral fat mass. Prior irradiation led to reductions in insulin signaling effectiveness in skeletal muscle and higher monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 levels, indicative of increased inflammation. However, there was an absence of large defects in pancreatic function with radiation exposure, which has been documented previously in animal and human studies. Monkeys that remained healthy and did not become diabetic in the years after irradiation were significantly leaner and smaller, and were generally smaller and younger at the time of exposure. Irradiation also resulted in smaller stature in both diabetic and nondiabetic monkeys, compared to nonirradiated age-matched controls. Our study demonstrates that diabetogenesis postirradiation is not a consequence of disrupted adipose accumulation (generalized or in ectopic depots), nor generalized pancreatic failure, but suggests that peripheral tissues such as the musculature are impaired in their response to insulin exposure. Ongoing inflammation in these animals appears to be a consequence of radiation exposure and can interfere with insulin signaling. The reasons that some animals remain protected from diabetes as a late effect of irradiation are not clear, but may be related to body size. The translational relevance for these results suggest that muscle may be an important and underappreciated target organ for the delayed late effect of whole-body irradiation, leading to increased risk of insulin resistance and diabetes development. © 2015 by Radiation Research Society.
Epigenetics of obesity: Beyond the genome sequence; Purpose of review After the study of the gene code as a trigger for obesity, epigenetic code has appeared as a novel tool in the diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of obesity, and its related comorbidities. This review summarizes the status of the epigenetic field associated with obesity, and the current epigenetic-based approaches for obesity treatment. Recent findings Thanks to technical advances, novel and key obesity-associated polymorphisms have been described by genome-wide association studies, but there are limitations with their predictive power. Epigenetics is also studied for disease association, which involves decoding of the genome information, transcriptional status and later phenotypes. Obesity could be induced during adult life by feeding and other environmental factors, and there is a strong association between obesity features and specific epigenetic patterns. These patterns could be established during early life stages, and programme the risk of obesity and its comorbidities during adult life. Furthermore, recent studies have shown that DNA methylation profile could be applied as biomarkers of diet-induced weight loss treatment. Summary High-throughput technologies, recently implemented for commercial genetic test panels, could soon lead to the creation of epigenetic test panels for obesity. Nonetheless, epigenetics is a modifiable risk factor, and different dietary patterns or environmental insights during distinct stages of life could lead to rewriting of the epigenetic profile. Copyright © 2015 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Applying developmental programming to clinical obstetrics: My ward round; The theory of developmental programming is supported by accumulating evidence, both observational and experimental. The direct application of the principles of developmental programming by clinicians to benefit pregnant women remains an area of limited attention. Examining a selection of inpatients at an obstetric referral center, I searched for situations in which clinical decision making could be driven by the principles of developmental programming. I also looked for situations in which the clinical research agenda could be dictated by these concepts. In the decision to undertake preventive measures to avoid preeclampsia, the offspring's perspective may support more liberal application of calcium and aspirin. Consideration of the long-term health perspective of the offspring could drive choices in the management of obesity and diabetes in pregnancy. The administration of corticosteroids in women delivering by elective cesarean at term may have modest short-term benefits, but additional trials are necessary to investigate long-term offspring health. The offspring of women suffering hyperemesis gravidarum may benefit from nutritional therapy. The long-term health of the offspring could affect couples' choice for IVF or expectant management. Applying the principles of developmental programming to the management of pregnant women could drive clinical decision making and is driving the clinical research agenda. Increasingly, developmental programming concepts are becoming an integral part of clinical practice, as well as determining the choice of outcomes in trials in obstetrics and fertility medicine. The presented cases underscore the need for more research to guide clinical practice. © 2015 Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
Adenosine signalling in diabetes mellitus-pathophysiology and therapeutic considerations; Adenosine is a key extracellular signalling molecule that regulates several aspects of tissue function by activating four G-protein-coupled receptors, A 1, A 2A, A 2B and A 1 adenosine receptors. Accumulating evidence highlights a critical role for the adenosine system in the regulation of glucose homeostasis and the pathophysiology of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Although adenosine signalling is known to affect insulin secretion, new data indicate that adenosine signalling also contributes to the regulation of β-cell homeostasis and activity by controlling the proliferation and regeneration of these cells as well as the survival of β cells in inflammatory microenvironments. Furthermore, adenosine is emerging as a major regulator of insulin responsiveness by controlling insulin signalling in adipose tissue, muscle and liver; adenosine also indirectly mediates effects on inflammatory and/or immune cells in these tissues. This Review critically discusses the role of the adenosine-adenosine receptor system in regulating both the onset and progression of T1DM and T2DM, and the potential of pharmacological manipulation of the adenosinergic system as an approach to manage T1DM, T2DM and their associated complications. © 2015 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
The role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in diabetes and its complications: A review from clinical perspective; Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been well-recognized as a metabolic hormone and a promising target for treatment of metabolic diseases. The level of endogenous FGF21 is elevated in patients with impaired glucose tolerance and progressively increased from patients with overt type 2 diabetes to those with micro- and macro-vascular complications, presumably as a compensation or response to the deterioration of metabolic imbalance. A few exploratory in vivo studies, including a recent clinical trial, showed that exogenous FGF21 mimetics targeting FGF21 signaling can attain beneficial metabolic effects not with-standing the already elevated ambient FGF21 levels. In addition, some clinically available pharmacologic agents such as fenofibrates and metformin may modulate energy and macronutrients metabolism by acting through FGF21. This review mainly focuses on the role of FGF21 in development, progression and treatment of type 2 diabetes from a clinical perspective. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Convergence and divergence of genetic and modular networks between diabetes and breast cancer; Diabetes mellitus (DM) and breast cancer (BC) can simultaneously occur in the same patient populations, but the molecular relationship between them remains unknown. In this study, we constructed genetic networks and used modularized analysis approaches to investigate the multi-dimensional characteristics of two diseases and one disease subtype. A text search engine (Agilent Literature Search 2.71) and MCODE software were applied to validate potential subnetworks and to divide the modules, respectively. A total of 793 DM-related genes, 386 type 2 diabetes (T2DM) genes and 873 BC-related genes were identified from the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database. For DM and BC, a total of 99 overlapping genes, 9 modules, 29 biological processes and 7 pathways were identified. Meanwhile, for T2DM and BC, 56 overlapping genes, 5 modules, 20 biological processes and 12 pathways were identified. Based on the Gene Ontology functional enrichment analysis of the top 10 non-overlapping modules of the two diseases, 10 biological functions and 5 pathways overlapped between them. The glycosphingolipid and lysosome pathways verified molecular mechanisms of cell death related to both DM and BC. We also identified new biological functions of dopamine receptors and four signalling pathways (Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, Huntington's disease and long-term depression) related to both diseases; these warrant further investigation. Our results illustrate the landscape of the novel molecular substructures between DM and BC, which may support a new model for complex disease classification and rational therapies for multiple diseases. © 2015 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine.
Cord blood FGF21 in gestational diabetes and its relationship with postnatal growth; Background/objectives: To study whether FGF21 was present in cord blood and explore its relationship with maternal variables and postnatal growth. Subjects and methods: The study included 157 pregnant women at the beginning of the third trimester; 79 with gestational diabetes (GDM), 78 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), and their offspring. Glucose metabolism was assessed by oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostasis model assessment index–insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). FGF21 was determined in maternal plasma drawn at recruitment and in cord blood obtained at delivery. Offspring weight and height was assessed at birth and at 12, 24 and 48 months. Results: Maternal FGF21 was higher in gestational diabetes than in the normal glucose-tolerant group, whereas similar cord blood FGF21 levels were observed in both groups. Lower cord blood FGF21 was strongly positively correlated with maternal circulating levels. This relationship was independent of mother’s prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), glucose levels and HOMA-IR. Although maternal FGF21 levels were correlated with prepregnancy BMI and HOMA-IR index, no relationship was observed between FGF21 and birth weight. However, cord blood FGF21 levels were correlated with BMI Zeta Score at 12 and 24 months, and this relationship became stronger when only the NGT group was analyzed. Conclusion: FGF21 is present in human cord blood, and its levels are closely correlated with maternal levels. The association observed between cord blood FGF21 and postnatal BMI may suggest a potential role during intrauterine life that may influence future metabolic imbalance. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Italia.
Second consensus of the chilean society of endocrinology and diabetes about insulin resistance; Insulin resistance is a prevalent condition commonly associated with unhealthy lifestyles. It affects several metabolic pathways, increasing risk of abnormalities at different organ levels. Thus, diverse medical specialties should be involved in its diagnosis and treatment. With the purpose of unifying criteria about this condition, a scientific-based consensus was elaborated. A questionnaire including the most important topics such as cardio-metabolic risk, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and polycystic ovary syndrome, was designed and sent to national experts. When no agreement among them was achieved, the Delphi methodology was applied. The main conclusions reached are that clinical findings are critical for the diagnosis of insulin resistance, not being necessary blood testing. Acquisition of a healthy lifestyle is the most important therapeutic tool. Insulin-sensitizing drugs should be prescribed to individuals at high risk of disease according to clinically validated outcomes. There are specific recommendations for pregnant women, children, adolescents and older people. © 2015 Sociedad Medica de Santiago. All Rights Reserved.
Buckwheat as a Functional Food and Its Effects on Health; Buckwheat (BW) is a gluten-free pseudocereal that belongs to the Polygonaceae family. BW grain is a highly nutritional food component that has been shown to provide a wide range of beneficial effects. Health benefits attributed to BW include plasma cholesterol level reduction, neuroprotection, anticancer, anti-inflammatory, antidiabetic effects, and improvement of hypertension conditions. In addition, BW has been reported to possess prebiotic and antioxidant activities. In vitro and animal studies suggest that BW's bioactive compounds, such as d-chiro-inositol (DCI), BW proteins (BWP), and BW flavonoids (mainly rutin and quercetin) may be partially responsible for the observed effects. The purpose of this paper is to review the recent research regarding the health benefits of BW, in vitro and in vivo, focusing on the specific role of its bioactive compounds and on the mechanisms by which these effects are exerted. © 2015 American Chemical Society.
θ-defensin RTD-1 improves insulin action and normalizes plasma glucose and FFA levels in diet-induced obese rats; Inflammation is implicated in metabolic abnormalities in obesity and type 2 diabetes. Because θ-defensins have anti-inflammatory activities, we tested whether RTD-1, a θ-defensin, improves metabolic conditions in diet-induced obesity (DIO). DIO was induced by high-fat feeding in obese-prone CD rats from 4 wk of age. Starting at age 10 wk, the DIO rats were treated with saline or RTD-1 for 4 or 8 wk. DIO rats gained more weight than low-fat-fed controls. RTD-1 treatment did not alter body weight or calorie intake in DIO rats. Plasma glucose, FFA, triglyceride (TG), and insulin levels increased in DIO rats; RTD-1 normalized plasma glucose and FFA levels and showed tendencies to lower plasma insulin and TG levels. Hepatic and skeletal muscle TG contents increased in DIO rats; RTD-1 decreased muscle, but not hepatic, TG content. Insulin sensitivity, estimated using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and the glucose clamp technique, decreased in DIO rats, but this change was markedly reversed by RTD-1. RTD-1 had no significant effects on plasma cytokine/ chemokine levels or IL-1β and TNF-α expression in liver or adipose tissues. RTD-1 treatment decreased hepatic expression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose-6-phosphatase, suggesting that the effect of RTD-1 on plasma glucose (or insulin action) might be mediated by its effect to decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis. Thus, RTD-1 ameliorated insulin resistance and normalized plasma glucose and FFA levels in DIO rats, supporting the potential of RTD-1 as a novel therapeutic agent for insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, or type 2 diabetes. © 2015 the American Physiological Society.
Irisin is associated with osteoporotic fractures independently of bone mineral density, body composition or daily physical activity; Background Although there is an evidence of correlation between irisin and osteoporotic fractures, previous studies have not elucidated the relationship between irisin and either lean or fat mass. The main aim of this study is to investigate the relationship between irisin and body composition in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis and the impact of irisin levels on fragility vertebral fractures. Methods In this cross-sectional study, 36 overweight subjects affected by at least one vertebral osteoporotic fracture confirmed by an X-ray vertebral morphometry and 36 overweight nonosteoporotic subjects were enrolled. Serum irisin levels were measured using an irisin competitive ELISA. We evaluated lumbar spine and hip BMD and body composition using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. To measure and monitor daily physical activity, each subject wore an armband for approximately 72 h. Results No significant correlations were found between irisin and BMD at any site and between irisin with either lean or fat mass. Serum levels of irisin were not correlated with the daily physical activity. Serum irisin levels were lower in subjects with previous osteoporotic fractures than in controls (P = 0·032), and the difference in irisin levels remained significant after adjustment for creatinine (P = 0·037), vitamin D (P = 0·046), lean mass (P = 0·02), lumbar BMD (P = 0·023) and femoral BMD (P = 0·032). Conclusion Our data confirm an inverse correlation between irisin levels and vertebral fragility fractures, but no significant correlation was found with BMD or lean mass. Irisin may play a protective role on bone health independent of BMD but further studies are needed to clarify the relationship between irisin and bone metabolism. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Early-Life Exposure to Substance Abuse and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Adulthood; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a chronic non-communicable disease that is driven by insulin resistance as a result of increasing obesity and decreasing activity levels that occur with increasing age. This disease generally develops after the age of 40, but it is now increasingly diagnosed in children and young adults. Increasing evidence, however, suggests that T2D can originate during early development. It has been repeatedly found that malnutrition during the gestational period can result in intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight, which in combination with postnatal catch-up growth may subsequently lead to the development of T2D. There is ample evidence that T2D may also be programmed by maternal substance abuse (the harmful use of psychoactive substances such as illicit drugs or alcohol) during pregnancy and/or lactation. The research activity in this field is currently mainly focused on the childhood health problems following prenatal exposures to substance abuse. The delayed programming effects on adult-onset disorders, including metabolic syndrome and T2D, however, have been reported only rarely. This review provides animal and human evidence that early-life exposure to substance abuse, including alcohol, nicotine, and cocaine, may program not only childhood health outcomes but also life-long metabolic health status, including risk of T2D and related conditions. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Relationships among acylation-stimulating protein, insulin resistance, lipometabolism, and fetal growth in gestational diabetes mellitus women; The aim of this study was to investigate the potential relationship between acylation-stimulating protein (ASP), insulin resistance, lipometabolism, the intrauterine metabolic environment and fetal growth in well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) women. A total of 55 well-controlled GDM women, 66 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and their newborns, were included in this study. Fasting maternal and cord blood ASP, serum lipid profiles, glucose level, insulin level, HOMA-IR, in addition to neonatal anthropometry data, were measured. Maternal blood ASP in GDM is higher than that in NGT. In the GDM group, maternal blood ASP has a positive correlation with TG, FFA and HOMA-IR. Maternal and cord blood ASP levels of LGA fetuses correlate with elevated birth weight and SF4. Similarly, cord blood ASP levels of LGA fetuses also correlate with birth weight and SF4 in the NGT group. The maternal blood ASP level of GDM mothers is associated with lipometabolism, insulin resistance and LGA fetal growth. Nevertheless, the cord blood ASP level correlates with FFA of GDM mothers, LGA fetal growth of GDM and NGT mothers. ASP may be a biomarker for evaluating insulin resistance of GDM and LGA fetal growth. © 2015 Informa UK, Ltd.
Evaluation of the fatty liver index as a predictor for the development of diabetes among insurance beneficiaries with prediabetes; Aims/Introduction: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease in developed countries, and it was required to monitor patients with prediabetes. However, there have been few reports establishing the risk for diabetes mellitus (DM) among patients with prediabetes. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effect of NAFLD on the progression of DM among insurance beneficiaries with prediabetes, using data from specific health check-ups and the fatty liver index (FLI). Materials and Methods: We used a retrospective cohort study that enrolled 967 insurance beneficiaries with prediabetes who had rarely drunk or could not drink alcohol, or whose alcohol consumption was <19 g/day from two health insurance societies. We divided insurance beneficiaries into FLI <30, intermediates FLIs and FLI ≥60, and compared the incidence rate of DM among the groups after 3 years' follow up, using multiple logistic regression models. Results: During 3 years' follow up, progression of diabetes was seen in 65 men (11.5%) and 24 women (6.0%). Logistic regression analyses showed that those with NAFLD had significantly higher risks of developing DM; this was the case in both men (odds ratio 2.68, 95% confidential interval 1.29-5.56) and women (odds ratio 10.35, 95% confidential interval 3.22-33.31). Conclusions: Among insurance beneficiaries with prediabetes, those with NAFLD had a significantly higher risk of DM than those without NAFLD. The FLI might be useful for detecting individuals who have an especially higher risk for DM, and developing more effective guidance for delivering healthcare services in Japan. © 2014 The Authors.
Adipocytokines and hepatic fibrosis; Obesity and metabolic syndrome pose significant risk for the progression of many types of chronic illness, including liver disease. Hormones released from adipocytes, adipocytokines, associated with obesity and metabolic syndrome, have been shown to control hepatic inflammation and fibrosis. Hepatic fibrosis is the final common pathway that can result in cirrhosis, and can ultimately require liver transplantation. Initially, two key adipocytokines, leptin and adiponectin, appeared to control many fundamental aspects of the cell and molecular biology related to hepatic fibrosis and its resolution. Leptin appears to act as a profibrogenic molecule, while adiponectin has strong-antifibrotic properties. In this review, we emphasize pertinent data associated with these and other recently discovered adipocytokines that may drive or halt the fibrogenic response in the liver. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Association of adiponectin gene polymorphism with adiponectin levels and risk for insulin resistance syndrome; Background: Adiponectin is an abundant adipose tissue–derived protein with anti‑atherogenic, anti‑inflammatory and antidiabetic properties. Plasma adiponectin levels are decreased in obesity, type 2 diabetes, and coronary artery disease and low adiponectin levels also predict insulin resistance (IR). Methods: Case‑control study in which 642 male and female subjects were participated from the North Indian population. Lipid, insulin, leptin and adiponectin level were estimated using standard protocols by commercially available test kits. Single nucleotide polymorphisms +45T>G and +276G>T of the AMP1 (adiponectin) gene was genotyped by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism method. Results: Levels of adiponectin, insulin, homeostasis model assessment‑IR index (HOMA‑IR index), systolic blood pressure and fat mass showed significant differences between male and female subjects. Serum adiponectin level showed highly significant association with both the +45 and the +276 genotypes. The common haplotype triglyceride (TG) showed a significantly lower adiponectin value than other haplotypes (P = 0.0001). A clear trend of decreasing adiponectin levels per copy of the common haplotype was observed. Nonobese insulin sensitive subjects showed a higher adiponectin value (P = 0.0006) than nonobese insulin resistant subjects. The values of blood pressure, adiponectin, insulin, HOMA‑IR, total‑cholesterol, and low‑density lipoprotein‑cholesterol significantly associated with TG haplotype. Conclusions: We observed the very strong association of the adiponectin 45‑276 genotypes and haplotypes with adiponectin levels in healthy north Indian population and TG haplotypes also associated with metabolic parameters of the IR syndrome. © 2015 Prakash J.
Recent developments on the role of epigenetics in obesity and metabolic disease; The increased prevalence of obesity and related comorbidities is a major public health problem. While genetic factors undoubtedly play a role in determining individual susceptibility to weight gain and obesity, the identified genetic variants only explain part of the variation. This has led to growing interest in understanding the potential role of epigenetics as a mediator of gene-environment interactions underlying the development of obesity and its associated comorbidities. Initial evidence in support of a role of epigenetics in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was mainly provided by animal studies, which reported epigenetic changes in key metabolically important tissues following high-fat feeding and epigenetic differences between lean and obese animals and by human studies which showed epigenetic changes in obesity and T2DM candidate genes in obese/diabetic individuals. More recently, advances in epigenetic methodologies and the reduced cost of epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) have led to a rapid expansion of studies in human populations. These studies have also reported epigenetic differences between obese/T2DM adults and healthy controls and epigenetic changes in association with nutritional, weight loss, and exercise interventions. There is also increasing evidence from both human and animal studies that the relationship between perinatal nutritional exposures and later risk of obesity and T2DM may be mediated by epigenetic changes in the offspring. The aim of this review is to summarize the most recent developments in this rapidly moving field, with a particular focus on human EWAS and studies investigating the impact of nutritional and lifestyle factors (both pre- and postnatal) on the epigenome and their relationship to metabolic health outcomes. The difficulties in distinguishing consequence from causality in these studies and the critical role of animal models for testing causal relationships and providing insight into underlying mechanisms are also addressed. In summary, the area of epigenetics and metabolic health has seen rapid developments in a short space of time. While the outcomes to date are promising, studies are ongoing, and the next decade promises to be a time of productive research into the complex interactions between the genome, epigenome, and environment as they relate to metabolic disease. © 2015, van Dijk et al.
Direct effects of leptin and adiponectin on peripheral reproductive tissues: A critical review; Obesity is a risk factor for infertility and adverse reproductive outcomes. Adipose tissue is an important endocrine gland that secretes a host of endocrine factors, called adipokines, which modulate diverse physiologic processes including appetite, metabolism, cardiovascular function, immunity and reproduction. Altered adipokine expression in obese individuals has been implicated in the pathogenesis of a host of health disorders including diabetes and cardiovascular disease. It remains unclear whether adipokines play a significant role in the pathogenesis of adverse reproductive outcomes in obese individuals and, if so, whether the adipokines are acting directly or indirectly on the peripheral reproductive tissues.Many groups have demonstrated that receptors for the adipokines leptin and adiponectin are expressed in peripheral reproductive tissues and that these adipokines are likely, therefore, to exert direct effects on these tissues. Many groups have tested for direct effects of leptin and adiponectin on reproductive tissues including the testis, ovary, uterus, placenta and egg/embryo. The hypothesis that decreased fertility potential or adverse reproductive outcomes may result, at least in part, fromdefects in adipokine signaling within reproductive tissues has also been tested. Here, we present a critical analysis of published studies with respect to two adipokines, leptin and adiponectin, for which significant data have been generated. Our evaluation reveals significant inconsistencies and methodological limitations regarding the direct effects of these adipokines on peripheral reproductive tissues.We also observe a pervasive failure to account for in vivo data that challenge observations made in vitro. Overall, while leptin and adiponectin may directly modulate peripheral reproductive tissues, existing data suggest that these effects are minor and non-essential to human or mouse reproductive function. Current evidence suggests that direct effects of leptin or adiponectin on peripheral reproductive tissues are unlikely to factor significantly in the adverse reproductive outcomes observed in obese individuals. © The Author 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. © The Author 2015.
Changes in the TNF-alpha/IL-10 ratio in hyperglycemia-associated pregnancies; Aims: TNF-α is a diabetogenic cytokine associated with adverse outcomes during pregnancy that can be counterbalanced by IL-10. We have investigated IL-10 and TNF-α balance at maternal and placental levels in hyperglycemia-associated pregnancies. Methods: One hundred and ninety-two pregnant women participated, which included normoglycemic women (ND) and women with mild gestational hyperglycemia (MGH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). Maternal plasma and placental tissue IL-10 and TNF-α levels were measured by ELISA and placental TNF-α was also immunolocalized. Results: Maternal plasma TNF-α levels were highest in GDM (. p=. 0.0190), whereas TNF-α levels were highest in placental tissues in DM2 (. p=. 0.0095). Immunohistochemistry also showed strong reactivity with anti-TNF-α antibody in the villous structures in the DM2 group. Conversely, IL-10 levels were lowest in maternal plasma of the DM2 group (. p=. 0.0228). The TNF-α/IL-10 ratio in maternal plasma progressively increased with the severity of hyperglycemia (. p<. 0.0001), being highest in placenta of the DM2 group (. p=. 0.0150). In both, plasma and placenta, TNF-α/IL-10 ratio were correlated with mean maternal glycemia and HbA1c levels. Conclusions: Alterations of placenta and serum TNF-α/IL-10 balance with predominance of TNF-α were correlated with the severity of hyperglycemia during gestation. This association may offer insight into the pathogenesis of gestational hyperglycemia and associated pregnancy outcomes. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Is retinol binding protein 4 a link between adiposity and cancer?; Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is synthesized in the liver where it binds vitamin A, retinol, and transports it to tissues throughout the body. It has been shown in some studies that the level of circulating RBP4 increases with body mass, and the protein has been implicated as a mediator in the development of insulin resistance and the metabolic disease. Adipose tissue serves as another site of RBP4 synthesis, accounting for its designation as an adipokine. In addition to its function as a transport protein, RBP4 serves as a signaling molecule which, by binding to the membrane receptor STRA6, triggers downstream activation of pro-oncogenic pathways including JAK2/STAT3/5. Taken together, available information suggests the possibility that RBP4 may be a link between obesity and cancer. © 2015 by De Gruyter.
Caloric Restriction for Treatment of Geriatric Obesity: Do the Benefits Outweigh the Risks?; Most evidence for the health benefits of prescribing caloric restriction (CR) for weight loss is derived from randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) in young/middle-aged adults; there are very few RCTs in older adults in which the isolated effects of CR can be deciphered. The purpose of this review is to summarize the RCT evidence of the benefits (and potential risks) of CR for the treatment of obesity in older adults. We identified only 19 published papers from 10 RCTs ranging from 3 to 18 months that met the criteria of independent effects of a CR component and were conducted in adults with a mean age ≥65 years. Overall, the results show a beneficial treatment effect for improving some metabolic, functional, and body composition outcomes with few documented risks. However, all outcomes were assessed immediately after treatment cessation. Thus, until additional scientifically rigorous evidence with long-term follow-up is available; the risk-to-benefit ratio of CR for the treatment of obesity in older adults remains unclear. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Ageing, adipose tissue, fatty acids and inflammation; A common feature of ageing is the alteration in tissue distribution and composition, with a shift in fat away from lower body and subcutaneous depots to visceral and ectopic sites. Redistribution of adipose tissue towards an ectopic site can have dramatic effects on metabolic function. In skeletal muscle, increased ectopic adiposity is linked to insulin resistance through lipid mediators such as ceramide or DAG, inhibiting the insulin receptor signalling pathway. Additionally, the risk of developing cardiovascular disease is increased with elevated visceral adipose distribution. In ageing, adipose tissue becomes dysfunctional, with the pathway of differentiation of preadipocytes to mature adipocytes becoming impaired; this results in dysfunctional adipocytes less able to store fat and subsequent fat redistribution to ectopic sites. Low grade systemic inflammation is commonly observed in ageing, and may drive the adipose tissue dysfunction, as proinflammatory cytokines are capable of inhibiting adipocyte differentiation. Beyond increased ectopic adiposity, the effect of impaired adipose tissue function is an elevation in systemic free fatty acids (FFA), a common feature of many metabolic disorders. Saturated fatty acids can be regarded as the most detrimental of FFA, being capable of inducing insulin resistance and inflammation through lipid mediators such as ceramide, which can increase risk of developing atherosclerosis. Elevated FFA, in particular saturated fatty acids, maybe a driving factor for both the increased insulin resistance, cardiovascular disease risk and inflammation in older adults. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Improvement of estrogen signaling upregulates defective cellular glucose uptake and prevents the comorbidities of insulin resistance; The insulin signaling pathway regulates the cellular uptake of glucose and whole-body metabolic homeostasis in mammalians. Dysregulation of insulin secretion or alterations in the transduction of insulin receptor signal are associated with self-generating, progressive insulin resistance, which predisposes patients to a variety of life threatening chronic diseases.Activation of estrogen receptor (ER) signals by estrogen has beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis and energy metabolism by several pathways. Nevertheless, certain scientific results support that an overexpression of ER isoforms or hyperestrogenism may have important implications for the development of dysmetabolism, such as metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and their comorbidities. Moreover, increased estrogen synthesis is erroneously supposed to disrupt the glucose uptake in the adipose tissue mass in obese patients and is presumed to contribute to insulin resistance and the associated comorbidities. By contrast, in animal experiments, pregnancy analogue estradiol administration improves the metabolic functions and exhibits cancer preventive capacity even in insulin resistant and obese ones. In human practice, multiparity associated good estrogen signaling shows strong tumor protective effect even against the cancers of highly hormone dependent female organs including overall breast cancer, endometrial and ovarian tumors. Considering the advantageous effects of suitable estrogen signaling on insulin secretion, cellular glucose uptake and further metabolic processes, estrogen administration seems to be a new therapeutic possibility to improve insulin sensitivity in patients with metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus. © 2015 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Nutrition and diagnosis-related care: Eighth edition; Prepare your students for effective practice with Nutrition and Diagnosis-Related Care, 8e. Written by well-known author and nutritionist Sylvia Escott-Stump, this best-selling book provides "need to know," condition-specific, evidence-based medical nutrition therapy information for more than 360 diseases and disorders in a unique monograph-style format that makes information easy to find. Revised and updated throughout, the Eighth Edition features new information on the treatment of inflammation through nutrition therapy; new and updated coverage of autism and neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders; timely information for the dietician working in a collaborative, interdisciplinary care setting. © 2015 Wolters Kluwer. All rights reserved.
Altered gut-liver axis and hepatic adiponectin expression in OSAS:Novel mediators of liver injury in paediatric non-alcoholic fatty liver; Background Mechanism(s) connecting obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS) to liver injury in paediatric non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are unknown. We hypothesised alterations in gut-liver axis and in the pool and phenotype of hepatic progenitor cells (HPCs) may be involved in OSAS-associated liver injury in NAFLD. Methods Eighty biopsy-proven NAFLD children (age, mean±SD, 11.4±2.0 years, 56% males, body mass index z-score 1.95±0.57) underwent a clinical- biochemical assessment, with measurement of insulin sensitivity, plasma cytokines, lipopolysaccharide (LPS), an intestinal permeability test and a standard polysomnography. Hepatic toll-like receptor (TLR)-4 expression by liver-resident cells and overall number and expression of resistin and adiponectin by HPCs were assessed by immunofluorescence and immunohistochemistry. OSAS was defined by an apnoea/ hypopnoea index ≥1. Results OSAS was characterised by an increased intestinal permeability and endotoxemia, coupled with TLR-4 upregulation in hepatocytes, Kupffer and hepatic stellate cells (HSCs) and by an expansion of an adiponectin-deficient HPC pool, key features of steatohepatitis and fibrosis. The duration of haemoglobin desaturation (SaO2 <90%) independently predicted intestinal permeability (β: 0.396; p=0.026), plasma LPS (β: 0.358; p=0.008) and TLR-4 expression by hepatocytes (β: 0.332; p=0.009), Kupffer cells (β: 0.357; p=0.006) and HSCs (β:0.445; p=0.002). SaO2 <90% predicted also HPC number (β: 0.471; p=0.001) and impaired adiponectin expression by HPC pool (β: ±0.532; p=0.0009). These relationships were observed in obese and nonobese children. Conclusions In paediatric NAFLD, OSAS is associated with increased endotoxemia coupled with impaired gut barrier function, with increased TLR-4-mediated hepatic susceptibility to endotoxemia and with an expansion of an adiponectin-deficient HPC pool. These alterations may represent a novel pathogenic link and a potential therapeutic target for OSAS-associated liver injury in NAFLD.
A preliminary candidate approach identifies the combination of chemerin, fetuin-A, and fibroblast growth factors 19 and 21 as a potential biomarker panel of successful aging; Although the number of centenarians is growing worldwide, the potential factors influencing the aging process remain only partially elucidated. Researchers are increasingly focusing toward biomarkers as tools to shed more light on the pathophysiology of complex phenotypes, including the ability to reach successful aging, i.e., free of major chronic diseases. We therefore conducted a case-control study examining the potential associations of multiple candidate biomarkers in healthy centenarians and sex-matched healthy elderly controls. Using a case-control study of 81 centenarians (aged ≥ 100 years) selected based on the fact that they were disease-free and 46 healthy elderly controls (aged 70–80 years), serum levels of 15 different candidate biomarkers involved in the regulation of metabolism, angiogenesis, inflammation, and bone formation were measured. Of the 15 biomarkers tested, four molecules (chemerin, fetuin-A, and fibroblast growth factors [FGF] 19 and 21) were found to be independently associated with successful aging regardless of sex. Logistic regression analysis confirmed that chemerin, fetuin-A, FGF19, and FGF21 were independently associated with successful aging [predicted probability (PP) = 1 / [1 + 1 / exp (11.832 − 0.027 × (chemerin) − 0.009 × (fetuin-A) + 0.014 × (FGF19) − 0.007 × (FGF21)]. The area under the curve (AUC) of predicted probability values for the four-biomarker panel revealed that it can discriminate between centenarians and elderly controls with excellent accuracy (AUC > 0.94, P < 0.001). Although preliminary in essence and limited by the low sample size and lack of replication in other independent cohorts, our data suggest an independent association between successful aging and serum chemerin, fetuin-A, FGF19, and FGF21, which may provide novel information on the mechanisms behind the human aging process. Whether the four-biomarker panel may predict successful aging deserves further scrutiny. © 2015, American Aging Association.
Adipokine levels during the first or early second trimester of pregnancy and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review; Objective We aimed to systematically review available literature linking adipokines to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) for a comprehensive understanding of the roles of adipokines in the development of GDM. Methods We searched PubMed/MEDLINE and EMBASE databases for published studies on adipokines and GDM through October 21, 2014. We included articles if they had a prospective study design (i.e., blood samples for adipokines measurement were collected before GDM diagnosis). Random-effects models were used to pool the weighted mean differences comparing levels of adipokines between GDM cases and non-GDM controls. Results Of 1523 potentially relevant articles, we included 25 prospective studies relating adipokines to incident GDM. Our meta-analysis of nine prospective studies on adiponectin and eight prospective studies on leptin indicated that adiponectin levels in the first or early second trimester of pregnancy were 2.25 μg/ml lower (95% CI: 1.75-2.75), whereas leptin levels were 7.25 ng/ml higher (95% CI 3.27-11.22), among women who later developed GDM than women who did not. Prospective data were sparse and findings were inconsistent for visfatin, retinol binding protein (RBP-4), resistin, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and vaspin. We did not identify prospective studies for several novel adipokines, including chemerin, apelin, omentin, or adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein. Moreover, no published prospective studies with longitudinal assessment of adipokines and incident GDM were identified. Conclusion Adiponectin levels in the first or second trimester of pregnancy are lower among pregnant women who later develop GDM than non-GDM women, whereas leptin levels are higher. Well-designed prospective studies with longitudinal assessment of adipokines during pregnancy are needed to understand the trajectories and dynamic associations of adipokines with GDM risk. © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is an expanding global health problem, closely linked to the epidemic of obesity. Individuals with T2DM are at high risk for both microvascular complications (including retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy) and macrovascular complications (such as cardiovascular comorbidities), owing to hyperglycaemia and individual components of the insulin resistance (metabolic) syndrome. Environmental factors (for example, obesity, an unhealthy diet and physical inactivity) and genetic factors contribute to the multiple pathophysiological disturbances that are responsible for impaired glucose homeostasis in T2DM. Insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion remain the core defects in T2DM, but at least six other pathophysiological abnormalities contribute to the dysregulation of glucose metabolism. The multiple pathogenetic disturbances present in T2DM dictate that multiple antidiabetic agents, used in combination, will be required to maintain normoglycaemia. The treatment must not only be effective and safe but also improve the quality of life. Several novel medications are in development, but the greatest need is for agents that enhance insulin sensitivity, halt the progressive pancreatic β-cell failure that is characteristic of T2DM and prevent or reverse the microvascular complications. For an illustrated summary of this Primer, visit: http://go.nature.com/V2eGfN. © 2015 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Modulation of the lipidomic profile due to a lipid challenge and fitness level: A postprandial study; Background: The lipid composition of plasma is known to vary due to both phenotypic factors such as age, gender and BMI as well as with various diseases including cancer and neurological disorders. However, there is little investigation into the variation in the lipidome due to exercise and/ or metabolic challenges. The objectives of this present study were (i) To identify the glycerophospholipid, sphingolipids and ceramide changes in response to an oral lipid tolerance test (OLTT) in healthy adults and (ii) To identify the effect of aerobic fitness level on lipidomic profiles. Methods: 214 healthy adults aged 18-60 years were recruited as part of a metabolic challenge study. A sub-group of 40 volunteers were selected for lipidomic analysis based on their aerobic fitness level. Ceramides, glycerophospholipids and sphingomyelins were quantified in baseline fasting plasma samples as well as at 60, 120, 180, 240 and 300 min following a lipid challenge using high-throughput flow injection ESI-MS/MS. Results: Mixed model repeated measures analysis identified lipids which were significantly changing over the time course of the lipid challenge. Included in these lipids were lysophosphoethanolamines (LPE), phosphoethanolamines (PE), phosphoglycerides (PG) and ceramides (Cer). Five lipids (LPE a C18:2, LPE a C18:1, PE aa C36:2, PE aa C36:3 and N-C16:1-Cer) had a fold change > 1.5 at 120 min following the challenge and these lipids remained elevated. Furthermore, three of these lipids (LPE a C18:2, PE aa C36:2 and PE aa C36:3) were predictive of fasting and peak plasma TAG concentrations following the OLTT. Further analysis revealed that fitness level has a significant impact on the response to the OLTT: in particular significant differences between fitness groups were observed for phosphatidylcholines (PC), sphingomyelins (SM) and ceramides. Conclusion: This study identified specific lipids which were modulated by an acute lipid challenge. Furthermore, it identified a series of lipids which were modulated by fitness level. Future lipidomic studies should take into account environmental factors such as diet and fitness level during biomarker discovery work. Trial registration: Data, clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01172951. © 2015 Morris et al.
Acute fatty liver of pregnancy: Over six months follow-up study of twenty-five patients; AIM: To evaluate the prognosis of patients with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) 6 mo or longer after discharge. METHODS: The records of pregnant patients diagnosed with AFLP at Beijing Ditan Hospital over a 16-year period were reviewed in November 2012. Patients were monitored using abdominal ultrasound, liver and kidney functions, and routine blood examination. RESULTS: A total of 42 patients were diagnosed with AFLP during the study period, and 25 were followed. The mean follow-up duration was 54.5 mo (range: 6.5-181 mo). All patients were in good physical condition, but one patient had gestational diabetes. The renal and liver functions normalized in all patients after recovery, including in those with pre-existing liver or kidney failure. The ultrasound findings were normal in 12 patients, an increasingly coarsened echo-pattern and increased echogenicity of the liver in 10 patients, and mild to moderate fatty liver infiltration in 3 patients. Cirrhosis or liver nodules were not observed in any patient. CONCLUSION: Acute liver failure and acute renal failure in AFLP patients is reversible. Patients do not require any specific long-term follow-up after recovery from AFLP if their liver function tests have normalized and they remain well. © The Author(s) 2015.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 is elevated in metabolically unhealthy obesity and affects lipid deposition, adipogenesis, and adipokine secretion of human abdominal subcutaneous adipocytes; Objective: Serum concentrations of the hepatokine fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21 are elevated in obesity, type-2 diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome. We asked whether FGF21 levels differ between subjects with metabolically healthy vs. unhealthy obesity (MHO vs. MUHO), opening the possibility that FGF21 is a cross-talker between liver and adipose tissue in MUHO. Furthermore, we studied the effects of chronic FGF21 treatment on adipocyte differentiation, lipid storage, and adipokine secretion. Methods: In 20 morbidly obese donors of abdominal subcutaneous fat biopsies discordant for their whole-body insulin sensitivity (hereby classified as MHO or MUHO subjects), serum FGF21 was quantified. The impact of chronic FGF21 treatment on differentiation, lipid accumulation, and adipokine release was assessed in isolated preadipocytes differentiated in vitro. Results: Serum FGF21 concentrations were more than two-fold higher in MUHO as compared to MHO subjects (457 ± 378 vs. 211 ± 123 pg/mL; p < 0.05). FGF21 treatment of human preadipocytes for the entire differentiation period was modestly lipogenic (+15%; p < 0.05), reduced the expression of key adipogenic transcription factors (. PPARG and CEBPA, -15% and -40%, respectively; p < 0.01 both), reduced adiponectin expression (-20%; p < 0.05), markedly reduced adiponectin release (-60%; p < 0.01), and substantially increased leptin (+60%; p < 0.01) and interleukin-6 (+50%; p < 0.001) release. Conclusions: The hepatokine FGF21 exerts weak lipogenic and anti-adipogenic actions and marked adiponectin-suppressive and leptin and interleukin-6 release-promoting effects in human differentiating preadipocytes. Together with the higher serum concentrations in MUHO subjects, our findings reveal FGF21 as a circulating factor promoting the development of metabolically unhealthy adipocytes. © 2015 The Authors.
Therapeutic effects of adropin on glucose tolerance and substrate utilization in diet-induced obese mice with insulin resistance; Objective: The peptide hormone adropin regulates fuel selection preferences in skeletal muscle under fed and fasted conditions. Here, we investigated whether adropin treatment can ameliorate the dysregulation of fuel substrate metabolism, and improve aspects of glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obesity (DIO) with insulin resistance. Methods: DIO C57BL/6 mice maintained on a 60% kcal fat diet received five intraperitoneal (i.p.) injections of the bioactive peptide adropin34-76 (450nmol/kg/i.p.). Following treatment, glucose tolerance and whole body insulin sensitivity were assessed and indirect calorimetry was employed to analyze whole body substrate oxidation preferences. Biochemical assays performed in skeletal muscle samples analyzed insulin signaling action and substrate oxidation. Results: Adropin treatment improved glucose tolerance, enhanced insulin action and augmented metabolic flexibility towards glucose utilization. In muscle, adropin treatment increased insulin-induced Akt phosphorylation and cell-surface expression of GLUT4 suggesting sensitization of insulin signaling pathways. Reduced incomplete fatty acid oxidation and increased CoA/acetyl-CoA ratio suggested improved mitochondrial function. The underlying mechanisms appear to involve suppressions of carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1B (CPT-1B) and CD36, two key enzymes in fatty acid utilization. Adropin treatment activated pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH), a rate-limiting enzyme in glucose oxidation, and downregulated PDH kinase-4 (PDK-4) that inhibits PDH. Along with these changes, adropin treatment downregulated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator-1α that regulates expression of Cpt1b, Cd36 and Pdk4. Conclusions: Adropin treatment of DIO mice enhances glucose tolerance, ameliorates insulin resistance and promotes preferential use of carbohydrate over fat in fuel selection. Skeletal muscle is a key organ in mediating adropin's whole-body effects, sensitizing insulin signaling pathways and altering fuel selection preference to favor glucose while suppressing fat oxidation. © 2015 The Authors.
Novel insights in SHBG regulation and clinical implications; Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is produced and secreted by the liver into the bloodstream where it binds sex steroids and regulates their bioavailability. Traditionally, body mass index (BMI) was thought to be the major determinant of SHBG concentrations and hyperinsulinemia the main cause for low SHBG levels found in obesity. However, no mechanisms have ever been described. Emerging evidence now shows that liver fat content rather than BMI is a strong determinant of circulating SHBG. In this review we discuss evidence demonstrating that insulin might not regulate SHBG production, describe putative molecular mechanisms by which proinflammatory cytokines downregulate SHBG, and comment on recent findings suggesting dietary SHBG regulation. Finally, clinical implications of all of these findings and future perspectives are discussed. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Fetuin-A: A novel link between obesity and related complications; Fetuin-A (FetA) is a 64-kDa glycoprotein that is secreted from both the liver and adipose tissue. Circulating FetA is elevated in obesity and related disorders including type 2 diabetes mellitus, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the metabolic syndrome; and a FetA-related parameter, caliciprotein particle, is highly relevant to vascular calcification in overweight/obese patients with chronic kidney disease. FetA level is also associated with impaired insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. Accumulating evidence suggests that elevated FetA level causes impaired glycemic control, as FetA has been implicated in impairment of insulin receptor signaling, toll-like receptor 4 activation, macrophage migration and polarization, adipocyte dysfunction, hepatocyte triacylglycerol accumulation and liver inflammation and fibrosis. Weight loss, aerobic exercise, metformin and pioglitazone have each been shown to be effective for reducing FetA level. © 2015 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
MicroRNA regulatory networks in human adipose tissue and obesity; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression and, therefore, biological processes in different tissues. A major function of miRNAs in adipose tissue is to stimulate or inhibit the differentiation of adipocytes, and to regulate specific metabolic and endocrine functions. Numerous miRNAs are present in human adipose tissue; however, the expression of only a few is altered in individuals with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus or are differentially expressed in various adipose depots. In humans, obesity is associated with chronic low-grade inflammation that is regulated by signal transduction networks, in which miRNAs, either directly or indirectly (through regulatory elements such as transcription factors), influence the expression and secretion of inflammatory proteins. In addition to their diverse effects on signalling, miRNAs and transcription factors can interact to amplify the inflammatory effect. Although additional miRNA signal networks in human adipose tissue are not yet known, similar regulatory circuits have been described in brown adipose tissue in mice. miRNAs can also be secreted from fat cells into the circulation and serve as markers of disturbed adipose tissue function. Given their role in regulating transcriptional networks, miRNAs in adipose tissue might offer tangible targets for treating metabolic disorders. © 2015 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Health benefits of the mediterranean diet: An update of research over the last 5 years; The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) has been reported to be protective against the occurrence of several diseases. Increasing evidence suggests that the MedDiet could counter diseases associated with chronic inflammation, including metabolic syndrome, atherosclerosis, cancer, diabetes, obesity, pulmonary diseases, and cognition disorders. Adoption of a MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on the secretion of anti-inflammatory cytokines, antioxidant cellular and circulating biomarkers as well as with regulation of gene polymorphisms involved in the atherosclerotic process. The MedDiet has been considered for the prevention of cardiovascular and other chronic degenerative diseases focusing on the impact of a holistic dietary approach rather than on single nutrients. Epidemiological dietary scores measuring adherence to a MedDiet have been developed. This narrative review considers the results of up-to-date clinical studies (with a focus on the last 5 years) that evaluated the effectiveness of the MedDiet in reducing the prevalence of chronic and degenerative diseases. © The Author(s) 2014.
Android and gynoid fat percentages and serum lipid levels in United States adults; Context: Accumulating evidence suggests that fat distribution is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than body mass index (BMI). Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the association of android and gynoid fat percentages with lipid profiles to determine whether android and/or gynoid fat percentages are associated with serum lipid levels. Design: A population-based cross-sectional study. Patients: Five thousand six hundred and ninety-six adults (20 years and older) who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2006. Measurement: The regional body composition in the android and gynoid regions was defined by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). The estimation of lipid risk profiles included total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) -cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) -cholesterol and triglycerides (TG). Results: Regardless of gender, android and gynoid body fat percentages were positively and significantly correlated with BMI and waist circumference. After adjustment for age, ethnicity, education, smoking, alcohol consumption, dyslipidaemia and BMI, increases in android fat percentage were significantly associated with total cholesterol, TG and HDL cholesterol in males, and total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in females. The gynoid fat percentages showed a positive correlation with total cholesterol in males, whereas gynoid fat accumulation in females showed a favourable association with TG and HDL cholesterol. The observed associations differed according to ethnic groups. Conclusion: Our results suggest that regional fat distribution in the android and gynoid regions have different effects on lipid profiles, and that fat in the android region, rather than the gynoid region, may be an important factor in determining the risk of cardiovascular disease. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Body composition measurement methods and their clinical application; Body composition measurement could significantly facilitate evaluating the content of various body components, getting information about the health status and assessing the diagnosis, treatment, test, and prognosis of several diseases. Human health will be seriously affected by the imbalance of body composition. Body composition measurement methods are generally divided into local measurement methods and general measurement methods. The former ones include skinfold thickness measurement, ultrasonic measurement, computed tomography and nuclear magnetic resonance measurement; while the latter ones include anthropometry, underwater weighing measurement, air displacement measurement, biological resistance measurement, near infrared absorption measurement, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurement, isotope dilution measurement, potassium isotope measurement and three-dimensional body scanning measurement, etc. This article reviews a variety of body composition measurement methods and their clinical application. Copyright © 2015 by the Chinese Medical Association.
Visfatin Protects Rat Pancreatic β-cells against IFN-γ-Induced Apoptosis through AMPK and ERK½ Signaling Pathways; Objective: Interferon-γ (IFN-γ) plays an important role in apoptosis and was shown to increase the risk of diabetes. Visfatin, an adipokine, has anti-diabetic, anti-tumor, and regulating inflammatory properties. In this study we investigated the effect of visfatin on IFN-γ-induced apoptosis in rat pancreatic β-cells. Methods: The RINm5F (rat insulinoma cell line) cells exposed to IFN-γ were treated with or without visfatin. The viability and apoptosis of the cells were assessed by using MTT and flow cytometry. The expressions of mRNA and protein were detected by using real-time PCR and western blot analysis. Results: The exposure of RINm5F cells to IFN-γ for 48 h led to increased apoptosis percentage of the cells. Visfatin pretreatment significantly increased the cell viability and reduced the cell apoptosis induced by IFN-γ. IFN-γ-induced increase in expression of p53 mRNA and cytochrome c protein, decrease in mRNA and protein levels of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 were attenuated by visfatin pretreatment. Visfatin also increased AMPK and ERK½ phosphorylation and the anti-apoptotic action of visfatin was attenuated by the AMPK and ERK½ inhibitor. Conclusion: These results suggested that visfatin protected pancreatic islet cells against IFN-γ-induced apoptosis via mitochondria-dependent apoptotic pathway. The anti-apoptotic action of visfatin is mediated by activation of AMPK and ERK½ signaling molecules. © 2015 The Editorial Board of Biomedical and Environmental Sciences
Osmotin: A plant sentinel and a possible agonist of mammalian adiponectin; Osmotin is a stress responsive antifungal protein belonging to the pathogenesis-related (PR)-5 family that confers tolerance to both biotic and abiotic stresses in plants. Protective efforts of osmotin in plants range from high temperature to cold and salt to drought. It lyses the plasma membrane of the pathogens. It is widely distributed in fruits and vegetables. It is a differentially expressed and developmentally regulated protein that protects the cells from osmotic stress and invading pathogens as well, by structural or metabolic alterations. During stress conditions, osmotin helps in the accumulation of the osmolyte proline, which quenches reactive oxygen species and free radicals. Osmotin expression results in the accumulation of storage reserves and increases the shelf-life of fruits. It binds to a seven-transmembrane-domain receptorlike protein and induces programmed cell death in Saccharomyces cerevisiae through RAS2/cAMP signaling pathway. Adiponectin, produced in adipose tissues of mammals, is an insulin-sensitizing hormone. Strangely, osmotin acts like the mammalian hormone adiponectin in various in vitro and in vivo models. Adiponectin and osmotin, the two receptor binding proteins do not share sequence similarity at the amino acid level, but interestingly they have a similar structural and functional properties. In experimental mice, adiponectin inhibits endothelial cell proliferation and migration, primary tumor growth, and reduces atherosclerosis. This retrospective work examines the vital role of osmotin in plant defense and as a potential targeted therapeutic drug for humans. © 2015 2015 Anil Kumar, Hima Kumari, Shravan Kumar, Mohanalatha and Kavi Kishor.
Overweight and obesity in internal medicine; Obesity may be secondary to other diseases due to genetic or acquired conditions that are characterized by alterations in the control of systems regulating hunger-satiety and / or weight, in the gastrointestinal system and the intestinal microbiota, in endocrine pathways. Secondary obesity may be due to maternal metabolic conditions, to neurobiological and psychological determinants, to sleep debt and smoking cessation, to disability and to various medications. © 2015 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Multi-biomarkers for early detection of type 2 diabetes, including 10- and 12-(Z,E)- hydroxyoctadecadienoic acids, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin; We have previously found that fasting plasma levels of totally assessed 10- and 12-(Z,E)- hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid (HODE) correlated well with levels of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and glucose during oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT); these levels were determined via liquid chromatography - mass spectrometry after reduction and saponification. However, 10- and 12-(Z,E)-HODE alone cannot perfectly detect early impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and/or insulin resistance, which ultimately lead to diabetes. In this study, we randomly recruited healthy volunteers (n = 57) who had no known history of any diseases, and who were evaluated using the OGTT, the HODE biomarkers, and several additional proposed biomarkers, including retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4), adiponectin, leptin, insulin, glycoalbumin, and high sensitivity-C-reactive protein. The OGTT revealed that our volunteers included normal individuals (n = 44; Group N), "high-normal" individuals (fasting plasma glucose 100-109 mg/dL) with IGT (n = 11; Group HN+IGT), and diabetic individuals (n = 2; Group D). We then used these groups to evaluate the potential biomarkers for the early detection of type 2 diabetes. Plasma levels of RBP4 and glycoalbumin were higher in Group HN+IGT, compared to those in Group N, and fasting levels of 10- and 12-(Z,E)- HODE/linoleic acids were significantly correlated with levels of RBP4 (p = 0.003, r = 0.380) and glycoalbumin (p = 0.006, r = 0.316). Furthermore, we developed a stepwise multiple linear regression models to predict the individuals' insulin resistance index (the Matsuda Index 3). Fasting plasma levels of 10- and 12-(Z,E)-HODE/linoleic acids, glucose, insulin, and leptin/adiponectin were selected as the explanatory variables for the models. The risks of type 2 diabetes, early IGT, and insulin resistance were perfectly predicted by comparing fasting glucose levels to the estimated Matsuda Index 3 (fasting levels of 10- and 12-(Z,E)- HODE/linoleic acids, insulin, and leptin/adiponectin). © 2015 Umeno et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Relationship between proinflammatory and antioxidant proteins with the severity of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients are at significant risk of cardiovascular disease, however, the pathophysiology of these complications is complex and incompletely known in this population. The aim of this study was to compare the serum proteome of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus presenting or not presenting cardiovascular disease with non-diabetic subjects to find essential proteins related to these cardiovascular complications. This cross-sectional study compares the serum proteome by a combination of protein depletion with 2D-DIGE (2-dimension Difference Gel Electrophoresis) methodology. The proteins differentially expressed were identified by MALDI TOF/TOF (Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization and Time-Of-Flight ion detector) or LC-MS/MS (Liquid Chromatography coupled to Mass-Mass Spectrometry). Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with cardiovascular disease showed higher expression of plasma retinol binding protein and glutathione peroxidase-3 compared to those without cardiovascular disease and non-diabetic controls. These results show that proteins related to the inflammatory and redox state appear to play an important role in the pathogenesis of the cardiovascular disease in the type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. © 2015 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Nutrient Metabolism: Structures, Functions, and Genes; Nutrient Metabolism, Second Edition, provides a comprehensive overview of the supply and use of nutrients in the human body and how the body regulates intake. Chapters detail the principles determining digestion and absorption of food ingredients and how these compounds and their metabolites get into the brain, cross the placenta and pass through the kidneys. Each nutrient's coverage contains a nutritional summary that describes its function, its food sources, dietary requirements, potential health risks if deficient, and impact of excessive intake. This handbook contains the latest information on the scope of structures, processes, genes and cofactors involved in maintaining a healthy balance of nutrient supplies. Of interest to a wide range of professionals because nutrient issues connect to so many audiences, the book contains a useful link to dietary supplements. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Protective effect of liraglutide against ER stress in the liver of high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats; The purpose of this study was to investigate whether the glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) analog liraglutide can alleviate endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and insulin resistance (IR) in the liver of high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats. Eighty-five male Sprague–Dawley rats were fed with normal chow or a high-fat diet for 12 weeks. The IR was evaluated using the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp technique. The rats in the HF group were further divided into four groups and were treated with or without liraglutide by subcutaneous injection. Body weight (BW), fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), and insulin sensitivity were measured. The expression of ER stress marker GRP78 and its signaling mediators, such as IRE1α, PERK, and ATF6, in the liver were examined. The ultrastructure of the ER in the liver was examined by transmission electron microscopy. The expression levels of chemerin in the liver and the serum were also measured. After 4 weeks of liraglutide treatment, the BW, FBG, and FINS levels were significantly reduced, and the insulin sensitivity was increased compared with the HF only rats. Liraglutide reduced the expression of GRP78 and chemerin in liver tissue at both the mRNA and protein levels. Interestingly, the chemerin mRNA was closely correlated with the level of GRP78 mRNA, while the level of chemerin in serum was also associated with the FINS level. As a representative GLP-1 analog, liraglutide can suppress ER stress and reduce chemerin expression in the liver of rats exposed to a high-fat diet. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Effects of high-dose Vitamin D supplementation on metabolic status and pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women at risk for pre-eclampsia; This study was designed to assess the beneficial effects of high-dose (cholecalciferol) vitamin D supplementation on metabolic profiles and pregnancy outcomes among pregnant women at risk for pre-eclampsia. This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed among 60 pregnant women at risk for pre-eclampsia according to abnormal uterine artery Doppler waveform. Subjects were randomly divided into 2 groups to receive 50-000 IU vitamin D supplements (n=30) or receive placebo (n=30) every 2 weeks from 20 to 32 weeks of gestation. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline study and 12 weeks after the intervention to quantify relevant variables. Newborn's anthropometric measurements were determined. Pregnant women who received cholecalciferol supplements had significantly increased serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations (+17.92±2.28 vs. +0.27±3.19-ng/ml, p<0.001) compared with the placebo. The administration of cholecalciferol supplements, compared with the placebo, resulted in significant differences in serum insulin concentrations (+1.08±6.80 vs. +9.57±10.32-μIU/ml, p<0.001), homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (+0.19±1.47 vs. +2.10±2.67, p<0.001), homeostatic model assessment-beta cell function (HOMA-B) (+5.82±29.58 vs. +39.81±38.00, p<0.001) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) score (-0.009±0.03 vs. -0.04±0.03, p=0.004). Furthermore, cholecalciferol-supplemented pregnant women had increased HDL-cholesterol concentrations (+2.67-±-8.83 vs. -3.23±7.76-mg/dl, p=0.008) compared with the placebo. Finally, cholecalciferol supplementation led to a significant rise in plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) concentrations (+79.00±136.69 vs. -66.91±176.02-mmol/l, p=0.001) compared with the placebo. Totally, the administration of cholecalciferol supplements among pregnant women at risk for pre-eclampsia for 12 weeks had favorable effects on insulin metabolism parameters, serum HDL-cholesterol, and plasma TAC concentrations. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
Evolutionary and Developmental Origins of Chronic Disease; Multiple developmental pathways affect the development of obesity and associated morbidities. Early-life cues may evoke processes of developmental plasticity that while adaptive (in the evolutionary sense) in origin may have longer-term adverse consequences when a mismatch between the early- and later-life environments arises, resulting in an increased susceptibility to disease. The inability of our evolved metabolic physiology to cope with the evolutionary novelty of the modern obesogenic environment is a further factor. Using obesity and related chronic diseases as exemplars, we examine how evolutionary and developmental histories influence predisposition to disease, and review the evidence for the role of epigenetic mechanisms. © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pleiotropic actions of iron balance in diabetes mellitus; As an essential element, iron plays a central role in many physiological processes, including redox balance, inflammation, energy metabolism, and environment sensing. Perturbations in iron homeostasis are associated with several conditions, including hyperglycemia and diabetes, both of which have been studied in patients and animal models. To clarify the pleiotropic role of iron homeostasis in diabetes development, the early studies on diseases with iron-overload, studies on clinical iron depletion therapies, associations between iron-related genetic polymorphisms and diabetes, and etiological mechanisms underlying iron perturbations-impaired insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity were carefully reviewed and discussed. Hereditary hemochromatosis, transfusion-dependent thalassemia, and excess heme iron intake can increase the risk of developing diabetes. Genetically modified mice and mice fed a high-iron diet present with discrepant phenotypes due to differences in tissue iron distribution. Moreover, several genetic polymorphisms related to iron homeostasis have been associated with the risk of developing diabetes. Tightly controlled iron metabolism is essential for insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity, and iron overload in pancreatic islets alters reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation, as well as hypoxia-inducible factor-1α (HIF-1α) stability and adenosine triphosphate (ATP) synthesis, thereby impairing the function and viability of β-cells. Decreased levels of adiponectin, macrophage-mediated inflammation, and ROS-mediated liver kinase B1 (LKB1)/adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation can contribute to iron overload-induced insulin resistance, whereas iron deficiency could also participate in obesity-related inflammation, hypoxia, and insulin resistance. Because iron homeostasis is closely correlated with many metabolic processes, future studies are needed in order to elucidate the finely tuned network among iron homeostasis, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, inflammation, and hypoxia. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 and fetuin-A in obese adolescents with and without type 2 diabetes; Context: Hepatokines such as fetuin-A or fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) are reasonable candidates affecting the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, studies in humans at the onset of disease are scarce. Objective: The objective of the study was to compare FGF21 and fetuin-A levels between adolescents with and without T2DM. Design: This was a cross-sectional comparison of adolescents with and without T2DM. Setting: The study was conducted at diabetes and obesity treatment centers. Patients: Seventy-four predominantly Caucasian adolescents with T2DM aged 12-18 years and 74 body mass index (BMI)-, age-, and gender-matched controls participated in the study. Intervention: There were no interventions. Main Outcome Measures: FGF21 and fetuin-A and their correlation to age, BMI, glycated hemoglobin, blood pressure, lipids, adiponectin, and leptin were measured. Results: Adolescents with T2DM showed significant higher FGF21 serum concentrations compared with obese controls without T2DM [median 277 pg/mL (interquartile range [IQR] 161-586) vs 200 pg/mL (IQR 116-323), respectively, P = .009] and higher fetuin-A serum concentrations (median 0.30 g/L (IQR 0.27-0.33) vs 0.28 g/L (IQR 0.25-0.30), respectively, P = .005). In a multiple linear regression analysis, fetuin-A was positively associated with glycated hemoglobin [β-coefficient 0.005 (95% confidence interval ± 0.004), P = .013], negatively with adiponectin (β-coefficient -0.004 (95% confidence interval ±0.002, P = .006) but not with BMI, age, gender, ethnicity, or leptin. FGF21 was not associated with any parameter in multiple linear regression analysis. Conclusions: Increased FGF21 serum levels in obese adolescents with T2DM compared with obese adolescents without T2DM suggest a FGF21-resistant state in T2DM because FGF21 improves insulin sensitivity. The increase of fetuin-A levels in obese adolescents with T2DM supports the hypothesis that fetuin-A is involved in the pathogenesis of T2DM because this hepatokine leads to insulin resistance. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Sclerostin and insulin resistance in prediabetes: Evidence of a cross talk between bone and glucose metabolism; OBJECTIVE A genemutation of theWnt/β-catenin signaling cascade is present in rare patients with the insulin resistance syndrome. Sclerostin is a circulating peptide inhibiting Wnt/β-catenin signaling. Our aims were to evaluate serum sclerostin in subjects with prediabetes and to analyze its relationship with insulin resistance and β-cell function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We performed a cross-sectional study including 43 healthy normal glucose-tolerant (NGT) individuals and 79 individuals with impaired glucose regulation (IGR), which included subjects with impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and combined IFG-IGT, undergoing oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. A subgroup of 18 with NGT and 30 with IGR also underwent a euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp with tracer. RESULTS Sclerostin levels were higher in IGR compared with NGT (50.8 ±2.4 vs. 38.7± 2.3 pmol/L; P = 0.01), positively correlatedwith HOMA-insulin resistance (IR) (r = 0.62; P < 0.001), and negatively correlated with insulin-mediated total body glucose disposal (r = 20.40; P < 0.001). Fasting endogenous glucose production (EGP) and hepatic and adipose tissue insulin resistance indexes were positively correlated with sclerostin levels (r = 0.48, r = 0.62, and r = 0.61, respectively; P < 0.001). Fasting and OGTT insulin clearance were inversely correlated with sclerostin serumlevels (r =20.52 and r =20.44, respectively; both P < 0.001). Sclerostin levels were not correlated with β-cell function parameters. In multiple linear regression analysis, the addition of sclerostin levels to the traditional risk factors for insulin resistance improved the r2 associated with HOMA-IR (r2 change: 0.055; F change: 28.893; P = 0.001) and insulin-mediated total body glucose disposal (r2 change: 0.059; F change: 4.938; P = 0.033). CONCLUSIONS Sclerostin levels are increased in individuals with prediabetes and correlated with insulin resistance in skeletal muscle, liver, and adipose tissue. The correlation between sclerostin and insulin clearance at fasting state and during OGTT is novel; thus, studies are needed to explore the potential causal relationship. ©2015 by the American Diabetes Association.
Association between maternal single nucleotide polymorphisms in genes regulating glucose metabolism and risk for neural tube defects in offspring; Background: Maternal pregestational hyperglycemia, diabetes, and obesity are well-established risk factors for neural tube defects (NTDs). As a common underlying mechanism, the imbalance of glucose homeostasis is directly related to the development of NTDs. Polymorphisms in genes regulating glucose metabolism in women may impact their chance of having an NTD-affected pregnancy. Methods: We conducted a two-stage case-control study to investigate the association between maternal genetic variants in genes regulating glucose metabolism and risk for NTDs. The cases were 547 women who gave birth to a child with an NTD (anencephaly, spina bifida, or encephalocele); the controls were 543 women who gave birth to a full-term healthy infant. In the first stage, 12 single nucleotide polymorphisms were genotyped in 160 cases and 162 controls. In the second stage, five single nucleotide polymorphisms found in the first stage and potentially associated with NTD risk were genotyped for validation, in an additional 387 cases and 381 controls. Results: Combined analysis of data from the two stages showed an association between maternal AA genotype of GCKR rs780094 and increased risk for total NTDs [odds ratio, 1.73; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-2.59) and spina bifida subtype [odds ratio, 1.83; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-2.88). No association was found between the other four single nucleotide polymorphisms (LEPR rs1137100, HK1 rs748235, HHEX rs5015480, KCNQ1 rs2237892) and NTD risk. Conclusion: The AA genotype in maternal GCKR rs780094 is associated with an increased risk for NTDs and spina bifida in the Chinese population. © 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Circulating retinol-binding protein 4 levels in gestational diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of observational studies; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a novel adipocyte-derived cytokine playing an important role in the regulation of energy metabolism and insulin sensitivity. Although the association between RBP4 and metabolic dysfunction is well established, studies on the relationship between circulating RBP4 levels and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have yielded inconclusive results. We performed a meta-analysis to investigate whether women with GDM had higher circulating RBP4 levels than the normglycemic pregnant women. PubMed, Web of Science and EMBASE were searched up to 1 August 2014. A total of 14 studies comprised of 884 women with GDM and 1251 normglycemic pregnant women were included. The overall results suggested that maternal circulating RBP4 levels were significantly higher in GDM than their normal controls (SMD: 0.49 μg/ml, 95% CI: 0.23-0.75 μg/ml, p < 0.001, random effect model). However, stratified results indicated that this significant difference only existed in the second/third trimester and was limited to Asian populations. Furthermore, subgroup analysis according to matched maternal age and BMI still demonstrated that GDM had higher circulating RBP4 levels than the normal controls. Our findings suggested that Asian women with GDM had increased circulating RBP4 levels in their second/third trimester. © 2015 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Pathophysiological characteristics and effects of obesity in women with early and late manifestation of gestational diabetes diagnosed by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria; Context: Appropriate risk stratification is essential in gestational diabetes (GDM) diagnosis to optimize therapeutic strategies during pregnancy. However, there are sparse data related to the newly recommended International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria and their use in early pregnancy. Objective: This study sought to evaluate clinical and pathophysiological characteristics less up to gestational week (GW) 21 in women with early and late GDM onset. Design and Setting: This was a prospective study conducted at the Medical University of Vienna. Patients and Interventions: Pregnant women (n = 211) underwent an oral glucose tolerance test at 16 GW (interquartile range, 14-18 wk) with multiple measurements of glucose, insulin, and C-peptide for evaluation of insulin sensitivity and β-cell function in addition to detailed obstetrical risk assessment. Clinical followups were performed until end of pregnancy. Main outcome measure: We performed a metabolic characterization of early-onset GDM. Results: Of 81 women, 49 (23%) showed early (GDMEarly ≤ 21GW)and 32 (15%) later manifestation (GDMLate ≥ 24 GW) whereas 130 (62%) remained normal-glucose-tolerant (NGT). In contrast with GDMLate, GDMEarly were affected by decreased insulin sensitivity (GDMEarly vs NGT, P < .001; GDMEarly vs GDMLate, P < .001; GDMLate vs NGT, P = .410). However, both early and late manifested subjects showed impairments in β-cell function. GDMEarly showed highest levels of preconceptional and actual body mass index (BMI), which was related to fasting glucose (r = 0.42, P < .001) and particularly insulin sensitivity (r = -0.51, P < .001). Differences in glucose disposal between the subgroups remained constant in multivariable analysis including the strongest risk factors forGDM, ie, age, history of GDM, and BMI in our population. Conclusions: Early manifestation of GDM is affected by insulin resistance that is partly explained by higher degree in obesity. However, β-cell dysfunction was also detectable in GDMLate, indicating defective compensatory mechanisms emerging already in early pregnancy. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Dietary patterns modulate the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in Chinese adults; Although previous studies reported the associations between the intakes of individual foods or nutrients and the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the relationship between dietary patterns and NAFLD in the Chinese population has been rarely studied to date. This study aimed to investigate the associations between dietary patterns and the risk of NAFLD in a middle-aged Chinese population. The Study subjects were 999 Chinese adults aged 45–60 years in the Anhui province who participated in the Hefei Nutrition and Health Study. Dietary intake was collected by a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. NAFLD was defined as the presence of moderate-severe hepatic steatosis (by B-ultrasonic examination); the absence of excessive alcohol use (>20 g day-1in men and 10 g day-1 in women); no use of steatogenic medications within the past six months; no exposure to hepatotoxins; and no history of bariatric surgery. Log-binomial regression analysis was used to examine the association between dietary patterns and NAFLD with adjustment of potential confounding variables. Out of 999 participants, 345 (34.5%) were classified as having NAFLD. Four major dietary patterns were identified: “Traditional Chinese”, “Animal food”, “Grains-vegetables” and “High-salt” dietary patterns. After adjusting for potential confounders, subjects in the highest quartile of the “Animal food” pattern scores had greater prevalence ratio for NAFLD (prevalence ratio (PR) = 1.354; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.063–1.724; p < 0.05) than did those in the lowest quartile. After adjustment for body mass index (BMI), compared with the lowest quartile of the “Grains-vegetables” pattern, the highest quartile had a lower prevalence ratio for NAFLD (PR = 0.777; 95% CI: 0.618–0.977, p < 0.05). However, the “traditional Chinese” and “high-salt” dietary patterns showed no association with the risk of NAFLD. Our findings indicated that the “Animal food” dietary pattern was associated with an increased risk of NAFLD. © 2015 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Incretin and glucagon levels in adult offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in pregnancy; Context: Fetal exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life. The pathogenesis of T2DM involves dysfunction of the incretin hormones, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), as well as hyperglucagonemia. Objective: Our aim was to investigate circulating plasma levels of GLP-1, GIP, and glucagon during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in adult offspring of women with diabetes in pregnancy. Design and Participants: We conducted a follow-up study of 567 offspring, aged 18-27 years. We included two groups exposed to maternal diabetes in utero: offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (O-GDM; n = 163) or type 1 diabetes (O-T1DM; n = 146). Two reference groups were included: offspring of women with risk factors for GDM, but normoglycemia during pregnancy (O-NoGDM; n = 133) and offspring from the background population (O-BP; n = 125). The subjects underwent a 75-g OGTT with venous samples at 0, 30, and 120 minutes. Results: Fasting plasma levels of GLP-1 were lower in the two diabetes-exposed groups compared to O-BP (O-GDM, P = .040; O-T1DM, P = .008). Increasing maternal blood glucose during OGTT in pregnancy was associated with reduced postprandial suppression of glucagon in the offspring. Lower levels of GLP-1 and higher levels of glucagon during the OGTT were present in offspring characterized by overweight or prediabetes/T2DM at follow-up, irrespective of exposure status. Conclusion: Lower levels of fasting GLP-1 and impaired glucagon suppression in adult offspring exposed to maternal diabetes during pregnancy are diabetogenic traits that may contribute to glucose intolerance in these persons, but further investigations are needed. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Metformin and metabolic diseases: a focus on hepatic aspects; Metformin has been widely used as a first-line anti-diabetic medicine for the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D). As a drug that primarily targets the liver, metformin suppresses hepatic glucose production (HGP), serving as the main mechanism by which metformin improves hyperglycemia of T2D. Biochemically, metformin suppresses gluconeogenesis and stimulates glycolysis. Metformin also inhibits glycogenolysis, which is a pathway that critically contributes to elevated HGP. While generating beneficial effects on hyperglycemia, metformin also improves insulin resistance and corrects dyslipidemia in patients with T2D. These beneficial effects of metformin implicate a role for metformin in managing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. As supported by the results from both human and animal studies, metformin improves hepatic steatosis and suppresses liver inflammation. Mechanistically, the beneficial effects of metformin on hepatic aspects are mediated through both adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK)-dependent and AMPK-independent pathways. In addition, metformin is generally safe and may also benefit patients with other chronic liver diseases. © 2015, Higher Education Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Correlation between the decrease of cholesterol efflux from macrophages in patients with type II diabetes mellitus and down-regulated CYP7A1 expression; The purpose of this study was to examine the changes of cellular cholesterol efflux from macrophages in patients with type II diabetes mellitus (DM), and to determine the expression of CYP7A1, ABCG5, and LXRβ therein. We recruited 30 patients with type II DM (including 15 patients complicated with coronary heart disease and 15 patients with DM only) and 15 normal controls for this study. Peripheral blood monocytes were isolated for macrophage culture. The mRNA and protein expression levels of CYP7A1, ABCG5, and LXRβ were determined using real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot. The macrophage cholesterol efflux rate was determined with 10% autoserum and standard serum as receptors. We determined that the expression levels of macrophage CYP7A1 mRNA and protein in the type II DM group were significantly lower than those in the control group, but no differences were found in the ABCG5 and LXRβ expression levels between the groups. The macrophage cholesterol efflux rate in the patients with type II DM was also significantly decreased compared with that of the normal control subjects (P < 0.01). Furthermore, CYP7A1 mRNA expression and macrophage cholesterol efflux rate were significantly positively correlated. In summary, this study demonstrated that the macrophage cholesterol efflux in patients with type II DM was significantly reduced, and that this reduction was associated with the down-regulation of CYP7A1 expression. © FUNPEC-RP.
Myocardial fat accumulation is independent of measures of insulin sensitivity; Background: Myocardial steatosis, an independent predictor of diastolic dysfunction, is frequently present in type 2 diabetes mellitus. High free fatty acid flux, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia may play a role in myocardial steatosis. There are no prior studies examining the relationship between insulin sensitivity (antilipolytic and glucose disposal actions of insulin) and cardiac steatosis. Objective: Using a cross-sectional study design of individuals with and without metabolic syndrome (MetSyn), we examined the relationships between cardiac steatosis and the sensitivity of the antilipolytic and glucose disposal actions of insulin. Methods: Pericardial fat (PF) volume, intramyocardial and hepatic fat (MF and HF) content, visceral fat (VF) and sc fat content were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging in 77 subjects (49 without MetSyn and 28 with MetSyn). In a subset of the larger cohort (n = 52), peripheral insulin sensitivity index (SI) and adipocyte insulin sensitivity (Adipo-SI) were determined from an insulin-modified frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test. The Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index was used as a surrogate for hepatic insulin sensitivity. Results: Individuals with the MetSyn had significantly higher body mass index, total body fat, and MF, PF, HF, and VF content. HF and VF, but not MF, were negatively correlated with the Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index, Adipo-SI, and SI. Stepwise regression revealed that waist circumference and serum triglyceride levels independently predicted MF and PF, respectively. Adipo-SI and serum triglyceride levels independently predict HF. Conclusion: Myocardial steatosis is unrelated to hepatic, adipocyte, or peripheral insulin sensitivity. Although it is frequently observed in insulin-resistant subjects, further studies are necessary to identify and delineate pathogenic mechanisms that differentially affect cardiac and hepatic steatosis. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
Nutritional Implications of Taste and Smell Dysfunction; The chemical senses are intimately tied to nutrition. Appetitive and flavor sensations are components of multiple inter-related mechanisms that influence energy and nutrient balance. Hunger promotes the initiation of feeding, satiation influences its termination, and satiety affects the inter-meal interval whereas sensory factors guide food choice. The primary sensation associated with carbohydrates is sweetness, though starch may have its own taste. Sensory, especially chemosensory, stimulation initiates an array of physiological processes, termed first phase, preabsorptive, or cephalic phase responses. Taste receptors were long believed to reside solely on taste receptor cells in the orpharyngeal region. Data on the dietary and nutritional implications of specific primary chemosensory disorders are available from several chemosensory clinical research centers. The chemosensory abnormalities have been documented in patients with a variety of health disorders. Since no predictable dietary response has been identified for any chemosensory abnormality, the dietary management of patients must be individualized. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. All rights reserved.
Diabetic microangiopathy and peripheral blood neutrophil count; BACKGROUND: Course of diabetes and hypertension are independent risk factors for diabetic microvascular complications, and fasting C-peptide level is a protective factor. There are many studies concerning glycated hemoglobin, C-reactive protein, white blood cell count and diabetic microvascular complications, but studies about neutrophils are rarely reported. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship of peripheral blood neutrophil count with diabetic microvascular complications. METHODS: Totally 112 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were selected and divided into two groups according to the presence or absence of microvascular complications: diabetes group and diabetes+ microvascular complication group. The gender, age, ethnic group, disease history and laboratory examination parameters were collected and analyzed with univariate analysis and multivariate analysis. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) Univariate analysis: Patients in the diabetes+microvascular complication group had significantly higher age, course of diabetes, globulin, creatinine, the percentage of neutrophile granulocytes, nertrophil count, rate of hypertension than those in the diabetes group (P < 0.05), while the lymphocyte percentage, glomerular filtration rate, and triglyceride level were significantly lower than those in the diabetes group (P < 0.05). (2) Logistic regression analysis showed that age, course of diabetes and nertrophil count were the independent risk factors of microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio=1.155, 2.145, 2.275, all P < 0.01). Based on the adjustment of the age factor, the partial correlation analysis showed that the nertrophil count was positively correlated to the levels of creatinine, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, globulin and hemoglobin, but negatively correlated to the levels of serum bile acid and glomerular filtration rate. Chronic subclinical inflammations are closely correlated to the occurrence of microvascular complication in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and peripheral blood neutrophil count can be used as a predictor of microvascular complication in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2015, Journal of Clinical Rehabilitative Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.
Influence of high fat diet and resveratrol supplementation on placental fatty acid uptake in the Japanese macaque; Introduction Adequate maternal supply and placental delivery of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) is essential for normal fetal development. In humans, maternal obesity alters placental FA uptake, though the impact of diet remains uncertain. The fatty fetal liver observed in offspring of Japanese macaques fed a high fat diet (HFD) was prevented with resveratrol supplementation during pregnancy. We sought to determine the effect of HFD and resveratrol, a supplement with insulin-sensitizing properties, on placental LCPUFA uptake in this model. Methods J. macaques were fed control chow (15% fat, n = 5), HFD (35% fat, n = 10) or HFD containing 0.37% resveratrol (n = 5) prior to- and throughout pregnancy. At ∼130d gestation (term = 173d), placentas were collected by caesarean section. Fatty acid uptake studies using 14C-labeled oleic acid, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) were performed in placental explants. Results Resveratrol supplementation increased placental uptake of DHA (P < 0.05), while HFD alone had no measurable effect. Resveratrol increased AMP-activated protein kinase activity and mRNA expression of the fatty acid transporters FATP-4, CD36 and FABPpm (P < 0.05). Placental DHA content was decreased in HFD dams; resveratrol had no effect on tissue fatty acid profiles. Discussion Maternal HFD did not significantly affect placental LCPUFA uptake. Furthermore, resveratrol stimulated placental DHA uptake capacity, AMPK activation and transporter expression. Placental handling of DHA is particularly sensitive to the dramatic alterations in the maternal metabolic phenotype and placental AMPK activity associated with resveratrol supplementation. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Molecular cloning, characterization and expression of the energy homeostasis-associated gene in piglet; The energy homeostasis-associated (Enho) gene encodes a secreted protein, adropin, which regulates the expression of hepatic lipogenic genes and adipose tissue peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ, a major regulator of lipogenesis. In the present study, the porcine (Sus scrofa) homologue of the Enho gene, which was named pEnho, was amplified by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) using oligonucleotide primers derived from in silico sequences. The gene sequence was submitted into the GenBank of NCBI, and the access number is GQ414763. The pEnho encodes a protein of 76 amino acids which shows 75% similarity to Homo sapiens adropin. The expression profile of pEnho in tissues (liver, muscle, anterior jejunum, posterior jejunum, and ileum) was determined by quantitative real-time RT-PCR. pEnho was localized on porcine chromosome 10 and no introns were found. In conclusion, pEnho was cloned and analysed with the aim of increasing knowledge about glucose and lipid metabolism in piglets and helping to promote the health and growth of piglets through adropin regulation. © 2015, Zhejiang University and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Second Consensus of the Chilean Society of Endocrinology and Diabetes about insulin resistance; Insulin resistance is a prevalent condition commonly associated with unhealthy lifestyles. It affects several metabolic pathways, increasing risk of abnormalities at different organ levels. Thus, diverse medical specialties should be involved in its diagnosis and treatment. With the purpose of unifying criteria about this condition, a scientific-based consensus was elaborated. A questionnaire including the most important topics such as cardio-metabolic risk, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and polycystic ovary syndrome, was designed and sent to national experts. When no agreement among them was achieved, the Delphi methodology was applied. The main conclusions reached are that clinical findings are critical for the diagnosis of insulin resistance, not being necessary blood testing. Acquisition of a healthy lifestyle is the most important therapeutic tool. Insulin-sensitizing drugs should be prescribed to individuals at high risk of disease according to clinically validated outcomes. There are specific recommendations for pregnant women, children, adolescents and older people. © 2015 Sociedad Medica de Santiago. All rights reserved.
Do fatty acids affect fetal programming?; Background: In this study discussed the primary and regulatory roles of fatty acids, and investigated the affects of fatty acids on metabolic programming. Methods: Review of the literature was carried out on three electronic databases to assess the roles of fatty acids in metabolic programming. All abstracts and full-text articles were examined, and the most relevant articles were selected for screening and inclusion in this review. Results: The mother's nutritional environment during fetal period has important effects on long term health. Fatty acids play a primary role in growth and development. Alterations in fatty acid intake in the fetal period may increase the risk of obesity and metabolic disorders in later life. Maternal fatty acid intakes during pregnancy and lactation are passed to the fetus and the newborn via the placenta and breast milk, respectively. Imbalances in fatty acid intake during the fetal period change the fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids, which can cause structural and functional problems in cells. Additionally, the metabolic and neuroendocrine environments of the fetus and the newborn play key roles in the regulation of energy balance. Conclusions: Imbalances in fatty acid intake during pregnancy and lactation may result in permanent changes in appetite control, neuroendocrine function and energy metabolism in the fetus, leading to metabolic programming. Further studies are needed to determine the role of fatty acid intake in metabolic programming. © 2015 Kabaran and Besler.
Influence of pre- and probiotics on overweight; The modulation of microbiota could have favourable effects on weight and/or the inflammatory component of obesity. The results of studies on probiotics carried out on humans are not unequivocal, due to the heterogeneity of the populations studied and a strain-dependent effect. Other studies need to be carried out, notably involving pregnant women. The data concerning prebiotics, fewer in number, reveal favourable biological effects, notably on low-grade inflammation. Finally, some studies have been carried out on symbiotics, a mix of pro- and prebiotics. © 2015 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Programming apoptosis and autophagy with novel approaches for diabetes mellitus; According to the World Health Organization, diabetes mellitus (DM) in the year 2030 will be ranked the seventh leading cause of death in the world. DM impacts all systems of the body with oxidant stress controlling cell fate through endoplasmic reticulum stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, alterations in uncoupling proteins, and the induction of apoptosis and autophagy. Multiple treatment approaches are being entertained for DM with Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP1), mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), and silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog) 1 (S. cerevisiae) (SIRT1) generating significant interest as target pathways that can address maintenance of glucose homeostasis as well as prevention of cellular pathology by controlling insulin resistance, stem cell proliferation, and the programmed cell death pathways of apoptosis and autophagy. WISP1, mTOR, and SIRT1 can rely upon similar pathways such as AMP activated protein kinase as well as govern cellular metabolism through cytokines such as EPO and oral hypoglycemics such as metformin. Yet, these pathways require precise biological control to exclude potentially detrimental clinical outcomes. Further elucidation of the ability to translate the roles of WISP1, mTOR, and SIRT1 into effective clinical avenues offers compelling prospects for new therapies against DM that can benefit hundreds of millions of individuals throughout the globe.
Impact of maternal obesity on perinatal and childhood outcomes; Maternal obesity is of major consequence, affecting every aspect of maternity care including both shorte and longeterm effects on the health of the offspring. Obese mothers are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and preeeclampsia, potentially exposing the foetus to an adverse intrauterine environment. Maternal obesity is linked to foetal macrosomia, resulting in increased neonatal and maternal morbidity. Foetal macrosomia is a result of a change in body composition in the neonate with an increase in both percentage fat and fat mass. Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain are associated with childhood obesity, and this effect extends into adulthood. Childhood obesity in turn increases chances of later life obesity, thus type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Further clinical trials of lifestyle and, potentially, pharmacological interventions in obese pregnant women are required to determine whether shorte and longeterm adverse effects for the mother and child can be reduced. © 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
How inflammation impinges on NAFLD: A role for Kupffer cells; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rapidly becoming the most prevalent cause of liver disease worldwide and afflicts adults and children as currently associated with obesity and insulin resistance. Even though lately some advances have been made to elucidate the mechanism and causes of the disease much remains unknown about NAFLD. The aim of this paper is to discuss the present knowledge regarding the pathogenesis of the disease aiming at the initial steps of NAFLD development, when inflammation impinges on fat liver deposition. At this stage, the Kupffer cells attain a prominent role. This knowledge becomes subsequently relevant for the development of future diagnostic, prevention, and therapeutic options for the management of NAFLD. © 2015 Nádia Duarte et al.
Role of macrophage migration inhibitory factor in obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and associated hepatic co-morbidities: A comprehensive review of human and rodent studies; Obesity is associated with a chronic low-grade inflammatory state that drives the -development of obesity-related co-morbidities such as insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular disease. This metabolic inflammation is thought to originate in the adipose tissue, which becomes inflamed and insulin resistant when it is no longer able to expand in response to excess caloric and nutrient intake. The production of inflammatory mediators by dysfunctional adipose tissue is thought to drive the development of more complex forms of disease such as type 2 diabetes and NAFLD. An important factor that may contribute to metabolic inflammation is the cytokine macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF). Increasing evidence suggests that MIF is released by adipose tissue in obesity and that it is also involved in metabolic and inflammatory processes that underlie the development of obesity-related pathologies. This review provides a comprehensive summary of our current knowledge on the role of MIF in obesity, its production by adipose tissue, and its involvement in the development of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and NAFLD. We discuss the main findings from recent clinical studies in obese subjects and weight-loss intervention studies as well as results from clinical studies in patients with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, we summarize findings from experimental disease models studying the contribution of MIF in obesity and insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and hepatic lipid accumulation and fibrosis. Although many of the findings support a pro-inflammatory role of MIF in disease development, recent reports also provide indications that MIF may exert protective effects under certain conditions. © 2015 Morrison and Kleemann.
Intermittent neonatal hypoxia elicits the upregulation of inflammatory-related genes in adult male rats through long-lasting programming effects; The long-term effects of neonatal intermittent hypoxia (IH), an accepted model of apnea-induced hypoxia, are unclear. We have previously shown lasting “programming” effects on the HPA axis in adult rats exposed to neonatal IH. We hypothesized that neonatal rat exposure to IH will subsequently result in a heightened inflammatory state in the adult. Rat pups were exposed to normoxia (control) or six cycles of 5% IH or 10% IH over one hour daily from postnatal day 2–6. Plasma samples from blood obtained at 114 days of age were analyzed by assessing the capacity to induce transcription in a healthy peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) population and read using a high-density microarray. The analysis of plasma from adult rats previously exposed to neonatal 5% IH versus 10% IH resulted in 2579 significantly regulated genes including increased expression of Cxcl1, Cxcl2, Ccl3, Il1a, and Il1b. We conclude that neonatal exposure to intermittent hypoxia elicits a long-lasting programming effect in the adult resulting in an upregulation of inflammatory- related genes. © 2015 The Authors.
NADPH oxidases: An overview from structure to innate immunity-associated pathologies; Oxygen-derived free radicals, collectively termed reactive oxygen species (ROS), play important roles in immunity, cell growth, and cell signaling. In excess, however, ROS are lethal to cells, and the overproduction of these molecules leads to a myriad of devastating diseases. The key producers of ROS in many cells are the NOX family of NADPH oxidases, of which there are seven members, with various tissue distributions and activation mechanisms. NADPH oxidase is a multisubunit enzyme comprising membrane and cytosolic components, which actively communicate during the host responses to a wide variety of stimuli, including viral and bacterial infections. This enzymatic complex has been implicated in many functions ranging from host defense to cellular signaling and the regulation of gene expression. NOX deficiency might lead to immunosuppression, while the intracellular accumulation of ROS results in the inhibition of viral propagation and apoptosis. However, excess ROS production causes cellular stress, leading to various lethal diseases, including autoimmune diseases and cancer. During the later stages of injury, NOX promotes tissue repair through the induction of angiogenesis and cell proliferation. Therefore, a complete understanding of the function of NOX is important to direct the role of this enzyme towards host defense and tissue repair or increase resistance to stress in a timely and disease-specific manner. © 2015 CSI and USTC.
PCSK9 and its modulation; Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), a newly-recognized protein, plays a key role in regulating cholesterol homeostasis. PCSK9 reduces hepatic low-density lipoprotein receptors (LDLRs) thereby increasing LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C). Recently, biologic and genetic research proposed several approaches to inhibit or reduce PCSK9 to improve lipid profile and cardiovascular performance in patients with dyslipidemia, particularly hypercholesterolemia. Of note, PCSK9 is a secreted protein under tight control by multiple modulators. Therefore, elucidating the factors that influence PCSK9 would enhance our understanding of PCSK9 and potentially day-to-day management of these patients at high cardiovascular risk. This review will focus on genetic variants, physiologic processes, pharmacologic agents and pathologic conditions related to PCSK9 in order to assess current and future therapeutic strategies targeting this molecule. © 2014.
Emerging regulation and function of betatrophin; Betatrophin, also known as TD26/RIFL/lipasin/ANGPTL8/C19orf80, is a novel protein predominantly expressed in human liver. To date, several betatrophin orthologs have been identified in mammals. Increasing evidence has revealed an association between betatrophin expression and serum lipid profiles, particularly in patients with obesity or diabetes. Stimulators of betatrophin, such as insulin, thyroid hormone, irisin and caloric intake, are usually relevant to energy expenditure or thermogenesis. In murine models, serum triglyceride levels as well as pancreatic cell proliferation are potently enhanced by betatrophin. Intriguingly, conflicting phenomena have also been reported that betatrophin suppresses hepatic triglyceride levels, suggesting that betatrophin function is mediated by complex regulatory processes. However, its precise physiological role remains unclear at present. In this review, we have summarized the current findings on betatrophin and their implications. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
GDM-associated insulin deficiency hinders the dissociation of SERT from ERp44 and down-regulates placental 5-HT uptake; Serotonin (5-HT) transporter (SERT) regulates the level of 5-HT in placenta. Initially, we found that in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), whereas free plasma 5-HT levels were elevated, the 5-HT uptake rates of trophoblast were significantly down-regulated, due to impairment in the translocation of SERT molecules to the cell surface. We sought to determine the factors mediating the down-regulation of SERT in GDM trophoblast. We previously reported that an endoplasmic reticulum chaperone, ERp44, binds to Cys200 and Cys209 residues of SERT to build a disulfide bond. Following this posttranslational modification, before trafficking to the plasma membrane, SERT must be dissociated from ERp44; and this process is facilitated by insulin signaling and reversed by the insulin receptor blocker AGL2263. However, the GDM-associated defect in insulin signaling hampers the dissociation of ERp44 from SERT. Furthermore, whereas ERp44 constitutively occupies Cys200/Cys209 residues, one of the SERT glycosylation sites, Asp208 located between the two Cys residues, cannot undergo proper glycosylation, which plays an important role in the uptake efficiency of SERT. Herein, we show that the decrease in 5-HT uptake rates of GDM trophoblast is the consequence of defective insulin signaling, which entraps SERT with ERp44 and impairs its glycosylation. In this regard, restoring the normal expression of SERT on the trophoblast surface may represent a novel approach to alleviating some GDM-associated complications. © 2014, National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
MSP: An emerging player in metabolic syndrome; MSP (Macrophage Stimulating Protein; also known as Hepatocyte Growth Factor-like protein (HGFL) and MST1) is a secreted protein and the ligand for transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinase Recepteur d'Origine Nantais (RON; also known as MST1R). Since its discovery, MSP has been demonstrated to play a key role in regulating inflammation in the peripheral tissues of multiple disease models. Recent evidences also point toward a beneficial role of MSP in the regulation of hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism, thereby implicating MSP as a crucial regulator in maintaining metabolic homeostasis while simultaneously suppressing inflammatory processes. In this review, we discuss the recent advances that demonstrate the significance of MSP in metabolic syndrome and build a strong case supporting its therapeutic potential. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Developmental conditioning of the vasculature; There is increasing evidence from epidemiological and experimental animal studies that the early life environment, of which nutrition is a key component, acts through developmental adaptive responses to set the capacity of cardiovascular and metabolic pathways to respond to physiological and pathophysiological challenges in later life. One finding that is consistent to both population studies and animal models is the propensity for such effects to induce endothelial dysfunction throughout the vascular tree, including the microvasculature. Obesity, type 2 diabetes and hypertension are associated with changes in microvascular function affecting multiple tissues and organs. These changes may be detected early, often before the onset of macrovascular disease and the development of end organ damage. Suboptimal maternal nutrition and fetal growth result in reduced microvascular perfusion and functional dilator capacity in the offspring, which together with microvascular rarefaction and remodeling serve to limit capillary recruitment, reduce exchange capacity and increase diffusion distances of metabolic substrates; they also increase local and overall peripheral resistance. This article explores how a developmentally conditioned disadvantageous microvascular phenotype may represent an important and additional risk factor for increased susceptibility to the development of cardio-metabolic disease in adult life and considers the cell signaling pathways associated with microvascular dysfunction that may be "primed" by the maternal environment. As the microvasculature has been shown to be a potential target for early therapeutic and lifestyle intervention, this article also considers evidence for the efficacy of such strategies in humans and in animal models of the developmental origins of health and disease. © 2015 American Physiological Society.
Hormonal contraceptive choice for women with PCOS: A systematic review of randomized trials and observational studies; Introduction: This paper provides a critical review of the data concerning the effects of combined hormonal contraceptives (CHC) for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The aim is to determine the best treatment option for each PCOS phenotype. Study design: A literature search of the PubMed database was conducted for randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and observational studies published in any language prior to October 2013. Hyperandrogenism (HA) is the essential diagnostic criterion for PCOS and is frequently associated with insulin resistance (IR) or obesity. The combinations of these criteria define the different PCOS phenotypes and establish the scale of metabolic and cardiovascular risks. Results and conclusions: 19 RCTs and eight observational studies evaluated issues related to the current objectives. CHC represent an effective and safe treatment in women with any PCOS phenotype. In HA/PCOS patients, any CHC analyzed in this review can be used for symptom relief. For patients with metabolic risk, overweight or moderate IR that does not require metformin, a vaginal contraceptive ring appears to be preferred to oral EE/DRP. In these patients, the combination of CHC and myo-inositol may be more effective in controlling endocrine and metabolic profiles. However, further research is needed to define the optimal duration and to clarify the effects of treatment on long-term metabolic outcomes. Future research should also focus on new CHC. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd.
Potential of diet and dietary supplementation to ameliorate the chronic clinical perturbations of metabolic syndrome; Throughout the world, many elements comprising metabolic syndrome (MS) such as diabetes, obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are becoming alarmingly common. Although many etiological factors may be involved in this situation, one hypothesis is that a well-recognized increased consumption of sugars and refined carbohydrates (CHO) such as sucrose and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) plays a pivotal role in the increase of these unwanted entities. Overindulgence, coupled with a rapid absorption (high glycemic load) and, in some cases, excess fructose content of these foods are believed to be important contributors to insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes (IR/T2D) that may be the responsible, shared factor behind the increased incidence of obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemias, and coagulation perturbations. If this scenario is correct to any extent, then suitable lifestyle changes could be to some extent corrective. However, dietary restrictions and enhanced exercise programs are not easy alternatives for too many people. Accordingly, drugs, particularly antidiabetic drugs, have been tried as preventatives. Although drugs seem to have some benefit while in use, long-term use is somewhat limited due to their poor history of serious adverse reactions. Fortunately, many safe, inexpensive dietary supplements exist that have been shown to beneficially influence IR/T2D, and thus, may favorably influence other elements present in the MS. © 2015 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Low serum amylase is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese pregnant women; Background: The association between low serum amylase levels and type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome has been clearly disclosed. However, the relationship between serum amylase levels and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not been extensively studied. This study aimed to assess the association of serum amylase with GDM. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed among 878 Chinese pregnant women who underwent detailed prenatal visits in Hangzhou, China. Results: A total of 108 (12.30%) subjects fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of GDM. Patients with GDM had significantly lower levels of serum amylase than those without GDM. The prevalence rate of GDM decreased across serum amylase increasing tertiles (p for trend < 0.001). Correlation analysis showed that serum amylase level was negatively correlated with fasting plasma glucose, 1hPG, 2hPG, HOMA-IR, triglyceride, free fatty acid, and thyroid stimulating hormone (all with p < 0.05). Multiple logistic regression showed that low serum amylase level predicted increased risk of GDM. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that low serum amylase level is significantly associated with increased risk of GDM.
Maternal Brain Adaptations in Pregnancy; During pregnancy multiple physiological adaptations take place in the mother to optimize the chances of a successful pregnancy outcome. These adaptations play a critical role in reproductive physiology, serving to (1) increase the supply of oxygen and nutrients to the placenta and maternal organs supporting the pregnancy; (2) optimize fetal growth and development; (3) prepare expanded oxytocin stores for when they are in demand at parturition and for lactation; (4) protect the pregnancy from premature birth; (5) protect the fetus from adverse programming, e.g., by maternal stress; (6) ensure adequate milk production and delivery at lactation; and (7) ensure that the appropriate brain circuits are primed and behaviors altered to deliver sufficient maternal care after parturition. In this chapter we focus on these pregnancy-related adaptations that are organized by the maternal brain, many of which are induced by the increased levels of pregnancy hormones. © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Assessment of cardiometabolic risk in children in population studies: Underpinning developmental origins of health and disease mother-offspring cohort studies; Pregnancy and birth cohorts have been utilised extensively to investigate the developmental origins of health and disease, particularly in relation to understanding the aetiology of obesity and related cardiometabolic disorders. Birth and pregnancy cohorts have been utilised extensively to investigate this area of research. The aim of the present review was twofold: first to outline the necessity of measuring cardiometabolic risk in children; and second to outline how it can be assessed. The major outcomes thought to have an important developmental component are CVD, insulin resistance and related metabolic outcomes. Conditions such as the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and CHD all tend to have peak prevalence in middle-aged and older individuals but assessments of cardiometabolic risk in childhood and adolescence are important to define early causal factors and characterise preventive measures. Typically, researchers investigating prospective cohort studies have relied on the thesis that cardiovascular risk factors, such as dyslipidaemia, hypertension and obesity, track from childhood into adult life. The present review summarises some of the evidence that these factors, when measured in childhood, may be of value in assessing the risk of adult cardiometabolic disease, and as such proceeds to describe some of the methods for assessing cardiometabolic risk in children. © The Author(s) 2015.
Targeting skeletal muscle mitochondria to prevent type 2 diabetes in youth; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has increased dramatically over the past two decades, not only among adults but also among adolescents. T2D is a systemic disorder affecting every organ system and is especially damaging to the cardiovascular system, predisposing individuals to severe cardiac and vascular complications. The precise mechanisms that cause T2D are an area of active research. Most current theories suggest that the process begins with peripheral insulin resistance that precedes failure of the pancreatic β-cells to secrete sufficient insulin to maintain normoglycemia. A growing body of literature has highlighted multiple aspects of mitochondrial function, including oxidative phosphorylation, lipid homeostasis, and mitochondrial quality control in the regulation of peripheral insulin sensitivity. Whether the cellular mechanisms of insulin resistance in adults are comparable to that in adolescents remains unclear. This review will summarize both clinical and basic studies that shed light on how alterations in skeletal muscle mitochondrial function contribute to whole body insulin resistance and will discuss the evidence supporting high-intensity exercise training as a therapy to circumvent skeletal muscle mitochondrial dysfunction to restore insulin sensitivity in both adults and adolescents.
Incorporation of human growth hormone-2 into proteoliposome enhances tissue regeneration with anti-oxidant and anti-senescence activities; Human growth hormone-2 (GH-2) is a 191-amino-acid protein also known as human placental hormone. During pregnancy, continuous secretion of GH-2 appears to have important implications for physiological adjustment to gestation, especially in controlling levels of maternal insulin-like growth factor 1. To compare the physiological activity of GH-2 between lipid-free and lipid-bound states, GH-2 was expressed and incorporated into proteoliposome. GH-2 was expressed and purified using a pET28(a)-GH-2 vector in an Escherichia coli system. Purified GH-2 was then characterized and synthesized into reconstituted high-density lipoprotein (rHDL). The expression yield of GH-2 was 20-30mg by BL21 (DE3) cells in 1 liter of Luria-Bertani broth. Purified GH-2 of at least 98% purity (23 kDa) was incorporated into rHDL with human apolipoprotein A-I (ApoA-I) and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylcholine (POPC) at a 1:1:95 (GH-2:ApoA-I:POPC) molar ratio. Structural analysis revealed that GH-2 had a 44% α-helix content and a wavelength maximum fluorescence (WMF) of 349 nm in a lipid-free state. In a lipid-bound state, the WMF of GH-2 was∼4 nm blue-shifted (345 nm), with 50% of α-helix content. The lipid-bound GH-2 showed enhanced anti-atherosclerotic activity and anti-senescence activity with inhibition of fructose-mediated glycation. A fin regeneration experiment using zebrafish (17 weeks old, n = 9) showed that lipid-bound GH-2 enhanced regeneration efficiency by 44% compared to native GH-2 (in the lipidfree state) without any notable side effects. GH-2 has anti-oxidant activity to enhance tissue regeneration as well as to exert anti-diabetic activity. Incorporation of GH-2 into rHDL can enhance structural stability and tissue regeneration efficiency in vertebrate models, indicating a synergetic effect between GH-2 and ApoA-I in rHDL. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Consensus of diagnosis and treatment of obesity in women in reproductive age and climacterium; Background: The development of obesity is complex and multifactorial, with genetic, biological, environmental and lifestyle of each individual etiology. The different changes in metabolism of women, amongst other factors, lead to disorganization in the distribution of lipids, which gathered in large quantities within the viscera, increases cardiovascular mortality and it is a major determinant factor of the metabolic syndrome. Objective: To homologate and to apply concepts of evidence-based clinical practice in diagnosis and treatment of obesity in women in reproductive age and climacterium. Method: The experts' consensus was done by specialized physicians properly endocrinologists, gynecologists, surgeons, psychologists, nutrition specialists, physical activity and public health, according to their expertise and clinical judgment. The recommendations were based in diagnostic criteria aside from the level of evidence of previously established treatment guidelines, controlled clinical trials and standardized guides for women in reproductive age and climacterium with obesity. Results: The establishment of a nutritional intervention amongst other aspects of lifestyle is the first-line in the treatment of obesity. Current pharmacological treatments offer modest results in efficiency and security in weight reduction so these must go along with real changes in lifestyle in order to obtain better results in the short and long term. Conclusion: The high prevalence of overweight and obesity in our country, especially in women in reproductive age, compels us to pose and work in prevention strategies as well as diverse therapeutic plans favoring safe weight loss and results in the long term. © 2015 Asociacion Mexicana de Ginecologia y Obstetricia. All Rights Reserved.
Pathophysiological basis for compromised health beyond generations: Role of maternal high-fat diet and low-grade chronic inflammation; Early exposure to a fat-enriched diet programs the developmental profile and thus is associated with disease susceptibility in subsequent generations. Chronic low-grade inflammation, resulting from maternal high-fat diet, is activated in the fetal environment and in many organs of offspring, including placenta, adipose, liver, vascular system and brain. The prevalence of an inflammatory response is highly associated with obesity incidence, cardiovascular diseases, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and brain damage. Substantial studies using high-fat model have consistently demonstrated the incidence of such inflammatory reactions; however, the potential contribution of active inflammation toward the physiological outcomes and developmental diseases is neither discussed in depth nor systemically integrated. Therefore, we aim to summarize the current findings in regards to how a maternal high-fat diet influences the inflammatory status, and probable pathogenic effects on the offspring. More importantly, since limited research has been conducted to reveal the epigenetic regulation of these inflammatory markers by maternal high-fat diet, we sincerely hope that our review will not only outline the pathophysiological relevance of inflammation but also identify a future direction for mechanistic investigation and clinical application. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
On the analysis of a repeated measure design in genome-wide association analysis; Longitudinal data enables detecting the effect of aging/time, and as a repeated measures design is statistically more efficient compared to cross-sectional data if the correlations between repeated measurements are not large. In particular, when genotyping cost is more expensive than phenotyping cost, the collection of longitudinal data can be an efficient strategy for genetic association analysis. However, in spite of these advantages, genome-wide association studies (GWAS) with longitudinal data have rarely been analyzed taking this into account. In this report, we calculate the required sample size to achieve 80% power at the genome-wide significance level for both longitudinal and cross-sectional data, and compare their statistical efficiency. Furthermore, we analyzed the GWAS of eight phenotypes with three observations on each individual in the Korean Association Resource (KARE). A linear mixed model allowing for the correlations between observations for each individual was applied to analyze the longitudinal data, and linear regression was used to analyze the first observation on each individual as cross-sectional data. We found 12 novel genome-wide significant disease susceptibility loci that were then confirmed in the Health Examination cohort, as well as some significant interactions between age/sex and SNPs. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Clinical Sonography: A Practical Guide; Uniquely organized by symptom rather than organ or pathology, Roger Sanders’s Clinical Sonography, 5e, not only ensures mastery of the content and competencies required for diagnostic sonography, it teaches students to think critically and “sonographically” as they prepare for certification exams and clinical practice. In every chapter, students first encounter a diagnostic problem to be solved and then follow pathways of exploration that help them identify the cause of the original presenting symptom. Retaining its trademark concise, easy-to-understand writing style, consistent format, and clinical approach, the Fifth Edition is enhanced by a revised organization, new images and in-book learning tools, new content that reflects today’s practice environment, and a revised art and design program designed to meet the needs of today’s highly visual students. © 2016 Wolters Kluwer.
Placental DNA methylation of peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-γ co-activator-1α promoter is associated with maternal gestational glucose level; Intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia may increase the risk of later-life metabolic disorders. Although the underlying mechanism is not fully understood, epigenetic dysregulation in fetal programming has been implicated. With regard to energy homoeostasis, PGC-1α (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor γ co-activator-1α, encoded by the PPARGC1A gene) plays a regulatory role in several biochemical processes. We hypothesized that maternal gestational glucose levels would positively correlate with DNA methylation of the PPARGC1A promoter in placental tissue. We undertook a cross-sectional study of 58 mothers who underwent uncomplicated Caesarean delivery in a university hospital. Maternal gestational glucose concentration was determined after a 75-g OGTT (oral glucose tolerance test) at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Placenta tissue and cord blood were collected immediately after delivery. Genomic DNA was extracted and thereafter bisulfite conversion was performed. After PCR amplification, the DNA methylation of the PPARGC1A promoter was quantified using a pyrosequencing technique. The protein level of PGC-1α was evaluated by Western blotting. For all participants as a whole, including the GDM (gestational diabetes mellitus) and normoglycaemia groups, the maternal gestational glucose level was positively correlated with placental DNA methylation, and negatively correlated with cord blood DNA methylation of the PPARGC1A promoter in a CpG site-specific manner. In the GDM group alone, the placental CpG site-specific methylation of the PPARGC1A promoter strongly correlated with gestational 2-h post-OGTT glycaemia. Epigenetic alteration of the PPAGRC1A promoter may be one of the potential mechanisms underlying the metabolic programming in offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycaemia. © 2015 The Author(s).
Increased plasma levels of FABP4 and PTEN are associated with more severe insulin resistance in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between plasma fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4), phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN), and insulin resistance in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Material/Methods: Plasma FABP4 and PTEN were determined by ELISA in GDM patients (GDM group, n=30) and in euglycemic pregnant women (control group, n=30). The clinical features, body mass index (BMI), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and lipid profiles were compared between the 2 groups. The influence of risk factors on insulin resistance, including BMI, lipid profiles, FABP4, and PTEN, were further investigated by multiple-factor stepwise regression analysis. Results: Higher levels of BMI, DBMI, triglyceride (TG), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 2-hour plasma glucose (2hPG), fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, FABP4, PTEN, and lower level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were found in the GDM patients than in the controls (all P<0.005). The plasma FABP4 was 1.47±0.25 vs. 0.20±0.07 ng/ml in the GDM and control group, respectively (P<0.0001). Plasma PTEN was 6.46±1.57 vs. 4.72±0.82 ng/ml in the GDM and control group, respectively (P<0.0001). There was a positive relation between plasma FABP4 and PTEN when all blood samples, including GDM and control groups, were analyzed (P<0.05). The multiple-factor regression analysis revealed that plasma FABP4, TG, and PTEN were independent risk factors for increased insulin resistance. Conclusions: GDM patients have more severe insulin resistance compared to euglycemic pregnant women. Higher levels of plasma FABP4 and PTEN are associated with increased insulin resistance and may participate in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance during gestation. © Med Sci Monit.
Non-alcohol fatty liver disease in Asia: Prevention and planning; AIM: To review all of epidemiological aspects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and also prevent this disease is examined. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review according to the PRISMA guidelines. All searches for writing this review is based on the papers was found in PubMed (MEDLINE), Cochrane database and Scopus in August and September 2014 for topic of NAFLD in Asia and the way of prevention of this disease, with no language limitations. All relevant articles were accessed in full text and all relevant materials was evaluated and reviewed. RESULTS: NAFLD is the most common liver disorder in worldwide, with an estimated with 20%-30% prevalence in Western countries and 2%-4% worldwide. The prevalence of NAFLD in Asia, depending on location (urban vs rural), gender, ethnicity, and age is variable between 15%-20%. According to the many studies in the world, the relationship between NAFLD, obesity, diabetes mellitus, and metabolic syndrome (MS) is quiet obvious. Prevalence of NAFLD in Asian countries seems to be lower than the Western countries but, it has increased recently due to the rise of obesity, type 2 diabetes and MS in this region. One of the main reasons for the increase in obesity, diabetes and MS in Asia is a lifestyle change and industrialization. Today, NAFLD is recognized as a major chronic liver disease in Asia. Therefore, prevention of this disease in Asian countries is very important and the best strategy for prevention and control of NAFLD is lifestyle modifications. Lifestyle modification programs are typically designed to change bad eating habits and increase physical activity that is associated with clinically significant improvements in obesity, type 2 diabetes and MS. CONCLUSION: Prevention of NAFLD is very important in Asian countries particularly in Arab countries because of high prevalence of obesity, diabetes and MS. © 2015 Baishideng Publishing Group Inc.
Advanced Nutrition: Macronutrients, Micronutrients, and Metabolism, Second Edition; Expanded and updated, the new edition of Advanced Nutrition: Macronutrients, Micronutrients, and Metabolism continues in the tradition of its predecessor, serving as an essential textbook for advanced undergraduate and first-year graduate students studying human nutrition. The book incorporates fundamental concepts in nutrition science-while also a. © 2015 by Carolyn D. Berdanier, Lynnette A. Berdanier. All rights reserved.
Dysregulation of iron and copper homeostasis in nonalcoholic fatty liver; Elevated iron stores as indicated by hyperferritinemia with normal or mildly elevated transferrin saturation and mostly mild hepatic iron deposition are a characteristic finding in subjects with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Excess iron is observed in approximately one third of NAFLD patients and is commonly referred to as the "dysmetabolic iron overload syndrome". Clinical evidence suggests that elevated body iron stores aggravate the clinical course of NAFLD with regard to liver-related and extrahepatic disease complications which relates to the fact that excess iron catalyses the formation of toxic hydroxylradicals subsequently resulting in cellular damage. Iron removal improves insulin sensitivity, delays the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, improves pathologic liver function tests and likewise ameliorates NAFLD histology. Several mechanisms contribute to pathologic iron accumulation in NAFLD. These include impaired iron export from hepatocytes and mesenchymal Kupffer cells as a consequence of imbalances in the concentrations of iron regulatory factors, such as hepcidin, cytokines, copper or other dietary factors. This review summarizes the knowledge about iron homeostasis in NAFLD and the rationale for its therapeutic implications. © The Author(s) 2015.
The Ethnoepidemiology of Obesity; The prevalence of overweight and obesity varies significantly across ethnic groups and among aboriginal people in Canada and appears to be increasing overall in children and youth, which will have significant health consequences in the future. Individual health behaviours, genetic predisposition, and community-level factors all contribute to the high burden of overweight and obesity across communities in Canada. Preliminary studies indicate that individuals who live in neighbourhoods in Canada with increased walkability, fewer fast food outlets, and higher socioeconomic status have lower rates of overweight/obesity when compared with other neighbourhoods. However, more research is required to understand the impact of community level factors on overweight/obesity trends in Canadian ethnic groups, including children and youth, and aboriginal people. © 2015 Canadian Cardiovascular Society.
Effects of physical activity upon the liver; Purpose: To review the responses of the liver to acute and chronic physical activity and to summarize relationships between physical activity and liver health. Methods: A systematic search of HealthStar/Ovid from 1975 through June of 2013, supplemented by articles from other sources. Results: 351 of 8,010 articles identified by HealthStar/Ovid were supplemented by 92 other papers; after focussing, the review was reduced to 435 citations. Prolonged acute exercise reduces hepatic blood flow, stimulating hepatic glycogenolysis, gluconeogenesis and synthesis of some proteins; however, lipid metabolism shows little change. Glutathione depletion suggests oxidative stress. Enzymes affecting carbohydrate metabolism are up-regulated, and lipogenic enzymes are down-regulated. The main triggers are humoral, but hepatic afferent nerves, cytokines, reactive oxygen species, and changes in hepatic blood flow may all play some role. Regular aerobic exercise training improves blood glucose control during exercise by increasing glycogen stores and up-regulating enzymes involved in gluconeogenesis and carbohydrate metabolism. Resistance to oxidant stress is generally increased by training. Lipogenic enzymes are down-regulated, and lipid metabolism is augmented. Modulations of insulin, insulin-like growth factor, glucagon and interleukin-6 may trigger the adaptive responses to training. Cross-sectional and longitudinal studies show that regular exercise can reduce hepatic fat, but the effect on circulating aminotransferases is unclear and the modality and dose of physical activity optimizing health benefits need clarification. Conclusions: Regular moderate physical activity enhances liver health. Adverse functional changes can develop if habitual activity is inadequate, and extremely prolonged competitive exercise may also be harmful, particularly under harsh environmental conditions. © 2014, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
EDC-2: The Endocrine Society's Second Scientific Statement on Endocrine-Disrupting Chemicals; The Endocrine Society's first Scientific Statement in 2009 provided a wake-up call to the scientific community abouthow environmental endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) affect health and disease. Five years later, a substantially larger body of literature has solidified our understanding of plausible mechanisms underlying EDC actions and how exposures in animals and humans-especially during development-may lay the foundations for disease later in life. At this point in history, we have much stronger knowledge about how EDCs alter gene-environment interactions via physiological, cellular, molecular, andepigeneticchanges, therebyproducingeffects inexposedindividuals as well as theirdescendants. Causal links between exposure and manifestation of disease are substantiated by experimental animal models and are consistent with correlative epidemiological data in humans. There are several caveats because differences in how experimental animal work is conducted can lead to difficulties in drawing broad conclusions, and we must continue to be cautious about inferring causality in humans. In this second Scientific Statement, we reviewed the literature on a subset of topics for which the translational evidence is strongest: 1) obesity and diabetes; 2) female reproduction; 3) male reproduction; 4) hormone-sensitive cancers in females; 5) prostate; 6) thyroid; and 7) neurodevelopment and neuroendocrine systems. Our inclusion criteria for studies were those conducted predominantly in the past 5 years deemed to be of high quality based on appropriate negative and positive control groups or populations, adequate sample size and experimental design, and mammalian animal studies with exposure levels in arange that was relevant to humans. We also focused on studies using the developmental origins of health and disease model. No report was excluded based on a positive or negative effect of the EDC exposure. The bulk of the results across the board strengthen the evidence for endocrine health-related actions of EDCs. Based on this much more complete understanding of the endocrine principles by which EDCs act, including nonmonotonic dose-responses, low-dose effects, and developmental vulnerability, these findings canbemuchbetter translated tohumanhealth. Armedwith this information, researchers, physicians, andother healthcare providers can guide regulators and policymakers as they make responsible decisions. © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
The relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and GDM remains unclear. The present study evaluates and compares EFT using transthoracic echocardiography in pregnant women with GDM. Materials and methods: This cross-sectional study included 129 pregnant women in the third trimester: 65 with GDM (GDM group) and 64 with uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). As defined by the World Health Organization, the diagnosis of GDM was based on an abnormal 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. We used echocardiography to measure EFT in blood samples for all the participants. Results: The postprandial blood glucose level was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences in BMI, heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure or lipid parameters between the groups. In the GDM group, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) parameters were significantly higher than in the control group. EFT was significantly higher in the GDM group (P < 0.001) and was correlated with postprandial glucose, BMI, age, and heart rate in both the groups. Only postprandial glucose and BMI remained significantly associated with EFT after multiple stepwise regression analysis. Conclusion: Echocardiographically measured EFT was significantly higher in the patients with GDM. The findings show that EFT was strongly correlated with postprandial glucose. © 2014 Nar et al.
The impact of sleep disorders on glucose metabolism: Endocrine and molecular mechanisms; Modern lifestyle has profoundly modified human sleep habits. Sleep duration has shortened over recent decades from 8 to 6.5 hours resulting in chronic sleep deprivation. Additionally, irregular sleep, shift work and travelling across time zones lead to disruption of circadian rhythms and asynchrony between the master hypothalamic clock and pacemakers in peripheral tissues. Furthermore, obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSA), which affects 4 - 15% of the population, is not only characterized by impaired sleep architecture but also by repetitive hemoglobin desaturations during sleep. Epidemiological studies have identified impaired sleep as an independent risk factor for all cause of-, as well as for cardiovascular, mortality/morbidity. More recently, sleep abnormalities were causally linked to impairments in glucose homeostasis, metabolic syndrome and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). This review summarized current knowledge on the metabolic alterations associated with the most prevalent sleep disturbances, i.e. short sleep duration, shift work and OSA. We have focused on various endocrine and molecular mechanisms underlying the associations between inadequate sleep quality, quantity and timing with impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and pancreatic β-cell dysfunction. Of these mechanisms, the role of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, circadian pacemakers in peripheral tissues, adipose tissue metabolism, sympathetic nervous system activation, oxidative stress and whole-body inflammation are discussed. Additionally, the impact of intermittent hypoxia and sleep fragmentation (key components of OSA) on intracellular signaling and metabolism in muscle, liver, fat and pancreas are also examined. In summary, this review provides endocrine and molecular explanations for the associations between common sleep disturbances and the pathogenesis of T2DM. © 2015 Briançon-Marjollet et al.; licensee BioMed Central.
Heat shock proteins in obesity: Links to cardiovascular disease; Adipose tissue expansion is associated with adipocyte dysfunction and increased inflammatory processes. In the obese state, adipose tissue is characterized by an impaired intracellular stress defense system and dysbalanced heat shock response. Several members of the heat shock protein (HSP) family have been identified as novel adipokines released upon cellular stress, which might be a molecular link from adipose tissue inflammation to the cardiovascular system. Therefore, this review aims at summarizing and discussing our recent knowledge on HSPs in relation to obesity and their potential links to cardiovascular disease. Of particular importance/interest are two members of the HSP family, HSP60 and heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1), which have been well described as adipokines, and studied in the context of obesity and cardiovascular disease. HSP60 is regarded as a novel molecular link between adipose tissue inflammation and obesity-associated insulin resistance. The role of HO-1 induction in the obese state is well-documented, but a causal relationship between increased HO-1 levels and obesity-associated metabolic diseases is still controversial. Both HSP60 and HO-1 are also forthcoming targets for the treatment of cardiovascular disease, and the current knowledge will also be discussed in this review. © 2015 by De Gruyter.
Genome-wide blood DNA methylation alterations at regulatory elements and heterochromatic regions in monozygotic twins discordant for obesity and liver fat; Background: The current epidemic of obesity and associated diseases calls for swift actions to better understand the mechanisms by which genetics and environmental factors affect metabolic health in humans. Monozygotic (MZ) twin pairs showing discordance for obesity suggest that epigenetic influences represent one such mechanism. We studied genome-wide leukocyte DNA methylation variation in 30 clinically healthy young adult MZ twin pairs discordant for body mass index (BMI; average within-pair BMI difference: 5.4 ± 2.0 kg/m2). Results: There were no differentially methylated cytosine-guanine (CpG) sites between the co-twins discordant for BMI. However, stratification of the twin pairs based on the level of liver fat accumulation revealed two epigenetically highly different groups. Significant DNA methylation differences (n = 1,236 CpG sites (CpGs)) between the co-twins were only observed if the heavier co-twins had excessive liver fat (n = 13 twin pairs). This unhealthy pattern of obesity was coupled with insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation. The differentially methylated CpGs included 23 genes known to be associated with obesity, liver fat, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome, and potential novel metabolic genes. Differentially methylated CpG sites were overrepresented at promoters, insulators, and heterochromatic and repressed regions. Based on predictions by overlapping histone marks, repressed and weakly transcribed sites were significantly more often hypomethylated, whereas sites with strong enhancers and active promoters were hypermethylated. Further, significant clustering of differentially methylated genes in vitamin, amino acid, fatty acid, sulfur, and renin-angiotensin metabolism pathways was observed. Conclusions: The methylome in leukocytes is altered in obesity associated with metabolic disturbances, and our findings indicate several novel candidate genes and pathways in obesity and obesity-related complications. © 2015 Ollikainen et al.
Irisin: A new molecular marker and target in metabolic disorder; Irisin is a newly discovered exercise-mediated myokine which regulates energy metabolism and has been the subject of much recent research. Irisin plays an important role in metabolic diseases making it a potential new target to combat obesity and its associated disorders, such as T2DM. However, the results of several recent studies investigating the effects of irisin have been controversial. The present review will introduce the discovery of irisin, the role of irisin in metabolic disorders, possible mechanisms, and unanswered questions for future research. © 2015 Chen et al.; licensee BioMed Central.
Maternal nutritional manipulations program adipose tissue dysfunction in offspring; Based on the concept of Developmental Origin of Health and Disease, both human and animal studies have demonstrated a close link between nutrient supply perturbations in the fetus or neonate (i.e., maternal undernutrition, obesity, gestational diabetes and/or rapid catch-up growth) and increased risk of adult-onset obesity. Indeed, the adipose tissue has been recognized as a key target of developmental programming in a sex-and depot-specific manner. Despite different developmental time windows, similar mechanisms of adipose tissue programming have been described in rodents and in bigger mammals (sheep, primates). Maternal nutritional manipulations reprogram offspring's adipose tissue resulting in series of alterations: enhanced adipogenesis and lipogenesis, impaired sympathetic activity with reduced noradrenergic innervations and thermogenesis as well as low-grade inflammation. These changes affect adipose tissue development, distribution and composition predisposing offspring to fat accumulation. Modifications of hormonal tissue sensitivity (i.e., leptin, insulin, glucocorticoids) and/or epigenetic mechanisms leading to persistent changes in gene expression may account for long-lasting programming across generations. © 2015 Lecoutre and Breton.
Maternal taurine supplementation attenuates maternal fructose-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysregulation and partially reverses adverse metabolic programming in offspring; Excessive fructose consumption is associated with insulin resistance (IR) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and high fructose intake during pregnancy can lead to compromised fetal development in the rat. Evidence suggests that the amino acid taurine can ameliorate fructose-induced IR and NAFLD in nonpregnant animals. This study investigated the efficacy of taurine supplementation on maternal fructose-induced metabolic dysfunction and neonatal health. Time-mated Wistar rats were randomized to four groups during pregnancy and lactation: (a) control diet (CON), (b) CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CT), (c) CON supplemented with fructose solution (F) and (d) F supplemented with taurine (FT). Maternal and neonatal weights, plasma cytokines and hepatic gene expression were analyzed. Maternal hyperinsulinemia, increased homeostasis model assessment of IR indices and elevated proinflammatory cytokines were observed in F group and normalized in FT group. Maternal fructose-induced hepatic steatosis accompanied with increased liver weight was ameliorated with taurine supplementation. Maternal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c and fatty acid synthase expression was significantly increased in the F group compared to the CON, CT and FT groups. Neonatal hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase expression was increased in male F neonates compared to the CON, CT and FT groups and was increased in female F and FT neonates compared to CON and CT. Interleukin-1β expression was decreased in male CT and FT neonates compared to other male groups. Hepatic tumour necrosis factor receptor-1 was lower in the male FT group than the F group. These results demonstrate that maternal taurine supplementation can partially reverse fructose-induced maternal metabolic dysfunction and may ameliorate adverse developmental programming effects in offspring in a sex-specific manner. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on pancreatic β‑cell function and c‑reactive protein in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized double‑blind placebo‑controlled clinical trial; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a polygenic endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age that lead to infertility. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic on pancreatic β‑cell function and C‑reactive protein (CRP) in PCOS patients. Methods: This randomized double‑blind placebo‑controlled clinical trial was conducted among 72 women aged 15–40 years old diagnosed with PCOS. Participants were randomly assigned to two groups receiving: (1) Probiotic supplements (n = 36), (2) placebo (n = 36) for 8‑week. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8‑week of intervention. Results: Probiotic supplementation, compare with placebo, reduced fasting blood sugar (−4.15 ± 2.87 vs. 2.57 ± 5.66 mg/dL, respectively P = 0.7), serum insulin levels in crude model (−0.49 ± 0.67 vs. 0.34 ± 0.82 μIU/mL, respectively, P = 0.09), homeostasis model of assessment‑insulin resistance score (−0.25 ± 0.18 vs. −0.05 ± 0.18, respectively, P = 0.14) nonsignificantly. Serum insulin levels after adjustment with covariates reduced significantly in probiotic group (P = 0.02). We did not found any significant differences in mean changes of CRP between groups (−0.25 ± 0.18 vs. −0.05 ± 0.18, respectively, P = 0.14). Conclusions: A 8‑week multispecies probiotics supplementation had nonsignificantly beneficial effect on pancreatic β‑cell function and CRP in PCOS patients. After adjustment for some covariates, serum insulin changes were significantly different between groups. © 2015 Shoaei T.
Pregnancy, delivery and puerperium in obese women; Obesity affects mental, physical and emotional health, increases the prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, sexual dysfunction and cardiovascular disease, and reduces the quality of life. Every woman with body mass index greater than 30 kg/m2 is considered obese, which has negative sequels on her general and reproductive health. A higher prevalence of early habitual abortion, congenital anomalies, preterm delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth retardation and thromboembolism has been reported in obese women. Obesity is associated with worse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Children born to obese mothers more frequently develop cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome later in life. This review gives recommendations for preconception work-up, and antenatal, intrapartum and postpartum care of obese pregnant women and their newborns. © 2015, Hrvatsko Drustvo Ginekologa i Opstetricara. All rights reserved.
Hidden metabolic disturbances in women with normal glucose tolerance five years after gestational diabetes; Background. The study aimed to assess whether women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM), despite maintenance of normal glucose tolerance (NGT) five years after delivery, display metabolic disturbances compared to healthy controls. Methods. 45 pGDM with NGT were compared to 18 women without a history of GDM (CON), matched for age (37.0 ± 4.1 versus 35.2 ± 5.3, P=ns) and BMI (24.3 ± 3.1 versus 23.3 ± 3.3, P=ns). Metabolic parameters were derived from oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests; furthermore lipid profile, C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, leptin, and glucagon were assessed. Results. Five years postpartum, pGDM had increased glucose concentrations during the OGTT (AUC: 1.12 ± 0.15 versus 1.0 ± 0.12 mol/L min, P=0.003) and insulin sensitivity was decreased compared to CON (OGIS: 467.2 ± 64.1 versus 510.6 ± 53.1 mL/min m2, P=0.01). pGDM had lower adiponectin (8.1 ± 2.6 versus 12.6 ± 5.3, P<0.008) but increased waist circumference and CRP compared to CON. Conclusions. Despite diagnosis of normal glucose tolerance, pGDM are characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance compared to healthy controls, accompanied by decreased adiponectin and increased CRP concentrations, thus linking metabolic disturbances to an increased cardiovascular risk in pGDM. © 2015 Yvonne Winhofer et al.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors. © 2015 Gerald Koenig and Stephanie Seneff.
Hepatic steatosis is prevalent in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE:: Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for pregnancy complications, including stillbirth and macrosomia. Evolving data suggest that diabetes during pregnancy also has long-term consequences for offspring, putting them at risk for obesity and the metabolic syndrome in childhood. Because nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is known to occur in adults and children with insulin resistance, we hypothesized that altered lipid metabolism in fetuses of diabetic mothers may manifest with hepatic steatosis. METHODS:: We undertook a retrospective autopsy study to compare the presence and degree of hepatic steatosis between stillborns delivered to women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus (gestational age 20-40 weeks; n=33) and age-matched nondiabetic control stillbirth cases (n=48), the latter enriched for maternal obesity, macrosomia, and similar cause of demise. RESULTS:: Histopathologic hepatic steatosis was significantly more prevalent and severe in the diabetic subjects (26/33, 78.8%) than in the controls (8/48, 16.6%) (P<0.001). Within the diabetic cohort, the severity of steatosis was related directly to gestational age, birth weight, and liver weight, with no correlation of presence or severity of steatosis in the control group to maternal or fetal factors, including maternal body mass index or fetal macrosomia. Although macrosomic stillborns were more common in diabetic women with %hemoglobin A1c >6 and body mass index >30 kg/m, fetal steatosis was independent of glycemic control, maternal obesity, type of diabetes, ethnicity, or fetal sex in our cohort. CONCLUSIONS:: This study is the first to our knowledge to demonstrate a specific association between fetal hepatic steatosis and maternal diabetes. © 2015 by ESPGHAN and NASPGHAN.
Molecular therapy for type 1 and type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of diabetes worldwide has been on the rise over the last century. According to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), the disease affected 246 million people worldwide in 2006. The IDF projects that, if nothing is done, the total number will skyrocket to 380 million by 2025 [1]. In the United States, the rise in incidence has been especially steep in the last decade [2]. The increase in incidence is also accompanied by a relative decline in the risk of death among diabetic patients, at least in men [3], which further increases the overall prevalence of the disease. It is projected that if the rate of increase continues, almost 50 million people in the United States will carry the diagnosis of diabetes by the year 2050 [4]. © by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Role of probiotics in glycemic controls and body weight in type 2 diabetes: A systematic of human and animal studies; Introduction: Publications evaluating the effects of probiotics on glycemic parameters, body weight change and food intakes have increased steadily in recent years. This study hence assessed all related human and animal studies. Materials and Methods: In the present systematic review, we used search engines to collect relevant data until May 2014, concerning the effects of probiotics on body weight changes, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, and insulin resistance in T2DM. Results: Twentyfive animal and four human articles met our inclusion criteria, articles which generally reported positive effects of probiotics on glycemic parameters. Lactobacillus sub-strains were used in all studies except for one. Most of the human and animal studies reported significant reduction in FPG and delay in the onset of T2DM, respectively; only animal studies reported significant reduction in OGTT. Few studies showed significant reduction and increase in HbA1c and insulin levels, respectively. Most studies reported significant increment in body weight after intervention, whereas only a few reported significant reductions in this parameter. Conclusion: This study  showed that the administration of probiotics have beneficial effects on glycemic parameters, although their effects on body weight were inconsistent. Therefore, considering the controversial results among human and animal reports, more data evidence is needed to conduct a meta-analysis. © 2015, Endocrine Research Center. All rights reserved.
Chemerin expression in Chinese pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on circulating chemerin concentrations and chemerin gene expression of adipotissue in pregnancy women. Material and methods: Totally 42 normal glucose tolerant (NGT) women and 48 women with GDM were included in this study. Their clinical features and biochemical parameters were analyzed. The NGT and GDM women were subgrouped by prepregnancy BMI as normal-weight group, overweight group, and obese group, respectively. Serum chemerin and tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α) of these individuals were determined by ELISA methods, and subcutaneous adipose tissues' mRNA expressions of chemerin and CMKLR1 (encoding the receptor of chemerin) were analyzed by real-time PCR. Results: Serum chemerin in obese-NGT group and normal-weight-GDM group was significantly higher than that of normal-weight-NGT group. Chemerin and CMKLR1 mRNA expression of subcutaneous adipose tissue was lower in the obese-NGT group than normal-weight-NGT group. There was no significant difference of CMKLR1 mRNA expression between normal-weight-NGT and normal-weight-GDM group. Serum chemerin significantly and positively correlated with triglycerides (TG) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) assessed both by uni- and multivariate. Conclusions: Gestational obesity, GDM may contribute to the elevating serum chemerin. Serum chemerin in pregnancy was associated with insulin resistance and triglycerides. Chemerin gene may play a role both in obese and GDM patients. CMKLR1 might exert its action only in obese individuals, not in GDM patients before delivery. © 2014 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Sex hormone-binding globulin gene expression and insulin resistance; Context: The plasma level of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), a glycoprotein produced by hepatocytes, is subject to genetic, hormonal, metabolic, and nutritional regulation, and is a marker for the development of the metabolic syndrome and diabetes. Objective: Because the mechanism for these associations is unclear, and no studies of SHBG gene expression in humans have been published, SHBG mRNA was measured in human liver samples and related to anthropometric data. Setting: Inpatients at a private, nonprofit, university-associated hospital were studied. Participants: Subjects were fifty five adult men and women undergoing hepatic resection as treatment for cancer. Main Outcome Measures: Main outcome measures were SHBG mRNA and serum SHBG levels. Results: SHBG mRNA was a strong predictor of serum SHBG with higher levels of the mRNA and protein in women than in men. The relationship between SHBG mRNA and circulating SHBG differed in males and females consistent with a sex difference in post-transcriptional regulation. Astrong positive correlation was found between the level of them RNA for the transcription factor HNF4α and SHBG mRNA. Insulin resistance (IR), assessed by homeostatis model assessment, was related inversely to SHBG mRNA and to HNF4α mRNA as well as to circulating SHBG levels. These mRNAs, as well as serum SHBG, were higher when the hepatic triglyceride concentration was low, and decreased with increasing body mass index but were unrelated to age. Conclusions: Fat accumulation in liver and IR are important determinants of SHBG gene expression and thereby circulating SHBG levels that are perhaps mediated through effects on the transcription factor HNF4α. These findings provide a potential mechanism to explain why low SHBG predicts the development of type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society.
The role of maternal diet in metabolic and behavioural programming: Review of biologic mechanisms involved; Over the last few years, a considerable amount of studies have focused on the effect of undernutrition and overnutrition during critical periods of offspring development and their risk of developing metabolic diseases later in life. Additionally, inadequate maternal diets have been involved in the malprogramming of brain functions and some behaviours. Several mechanisms have been associated with the process of malprogramming such as epigenetics modifications, excessive oxidative stress or hypothalamic alterations. This evidence supports the idea that nutritional prevention strategies must be considered for offspring during early development stages that include the preconceptional period. Additionally, studying involved mechanisms could be particularly useful in the search of efficient therapies against malprogramming. © 2015, Grupo Aula Medica S.A. All rights reserved.
New insights for oxidative stress and diabetes mellitus; The release of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and the generation of oxidative stress are considered critical factors for the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus (DM), a disorder that is growing in prevalence and results in significant economic loss. New therapeutic directions that address the detrimental effects of oxidative stress may be especially warranted to develop effective care for the millions of individuals that currently suffer from DM. The mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog 1 (S. cerevisiae) (SIRT1), and Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein 1 (WISP1) are especially justified to be considered treatment targets for DM since these pathways can address the complex relationship between stem cells, trophic factors, impaired glucose tolerance, programmed cell death pathways of apoptosis and autophagy, tissue remodeling, cellular energy homeostasis, and vascular biology that greatly impact the biology and disease progression of DM. The translation and development of these pathways into viable therapies will require detailed understanding of their proliferative nature to maximize clinical efficacy and limit adverse effects that have the potential to lead to unintended consequences. © 2015 Kenneth Maiese.
Traditional bone matrix proteins in obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes: State of the art and perspectives; Osteocalcin (OCN), osteonectin (ON) and osteopontin (OPN) are proteins included in the bone matrix. Bone development and maintenance of bone functions represent main tasks, but they are also involved in energy and glucose metabolism. The aim of this review is to summarize the roles of these proteins in obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Circulating OCN exhibits biological effects on pancreatic β-cells and adipose tissue. Undercarboxylated OCN isoforms are hormonally active, stimulating insulin secretion and increasing insulin sensitivity in muscles and adipose tissue. Leptin and insulin are involved in bone OCN secretion acting as a feed forward loop between the undercarboxylated OCN and insulin. OPN is secreted by adipocytes and may play a pivotal role in obesity and T2DM by linking obesity to insulin resistance development. This pathological process is started by inflammation initiation and macrophages accumulation in adipose tissue. ON is mainly expressed in adipocytes. The level of expression varies during adipogenesis stages (high during promotion of cell differentiation to adipogenic lineage, low at the beginning of adipocyte cell differentiation and high in mature adipocytes); this suggests a potential role in lipid storage in the extracellular matrix of adipose tissue. ON was also correlated with dyslipidemia, and can act as an independent determinant of insulin resistance in late pregnancy, suggesting a positive correlation between ON levels and inflammation. Potential novel therapies targeting OCN, ON and OPN regulation could represent promising approaches for prevention and treatment of T2DM, obesity, insulin resistance and related metabolic outcomes.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome; Key points: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication of pregnancy, but its effects on the offspring are poorly understood. We developed a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus that recapitulates many of the clinical features of the disease, including excessive gestational weight gain, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and mild hyperglycaemia. Compared to the offspring of lean dams, exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus during the prenatal period resulted in obesity, hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young rat offspring that consumed a postnatal diet that was low in fat. The combination of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the postnatal consumption of a high-fat diet by the offspring caused a more severe metabolic phenotype. Metabolomic profiling of the liver tissues of the offspring of gestational diabetic dams revealed accumulation of lipotoxic lipids and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine levels compared to the offspring of lean dams. The results establish that gestational diabetes mellitus is a driver of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in the offspring. Maternal obesity is associated with a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a common complication of pregnancy. The influence of maternal obesity and GDM on the metabolic health of the offspring is poorly understood. We hypothesize that GDM associated with maternal obesity will cause obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (45%) and sucrose (HFS) diet to cause maternal obesity and GDM. Lean control pregnant rats received low-fat (LF; 10%) diets. To investigate the interaction between the prenatal environment and postnatal diets, rat offspring were assigned to LF or HFS diets for 12 weeks, and insulin sensitivity and hepatic steatosis were evaluated. Pregnant GDM dams exhibited excessive gestational weight gain, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglycaemia. Offspring of GDM dams gained more weight than the offspring of lean dams due to excess adiposity. The offspring of GDM dams also developed hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance. The postnatal consumption of a LF diet did not protect offspring of GDM dams against these metabolic disorders. Analysis of the hepatic metabolome revealed increased diacylglycerol and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine in the offspring of GDM dams compared to offspring of lean dams. Consistent with altered lipid metabolism, the expression of CTP:phosphoethanolamine cytidylyltransferase, and peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor-α mRNA was reduced in the livers of GDM offspring. GDM exposure programs gene expression and hepatic metabolite levels and drives the development of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young adult rat offspring. © 2015 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology. © 2015 The Physiological Society.
Serum level of fibroblast growth factor 21 in type 2 diabetic patients with and without metabolic syndrome; Effect of FGF21 on metabolic syndrome patients is not exactly clear. In the present study, we assessed serum level of fibroblast growth factor 21 in type 2 diabetic patients with and without metabolic syndrome in Gorgan. The study groups consisted of 120 patients with type 2 diabetes and 60 healthy subjects. Diabetic patients divided into two groups. All subjects were matched according to age and sex. The mean waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglyceride and fasting blood glucose levels and body mass index were significantly higher in the subjects with metabolic syndrome than control group, but the mean HDL-cholesterol was significantly lower (p = 0.0001). Mean serum level of FGF21 was higher in type 2 diabetic subjects with and without metabolic syndrome than that of control subject (p = 0.0001). There were significant negative correlation between FGF21 and BMI, diastolic blood pressure and HDL-cholesterol in subjects with metabolic syndrome (p<0.05). There were also significant negative correlation between FGF21 and cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol in control group (p<0.05). The findings of this study suggest that serum FGF21 are higher in patients with type 2 diabetes with and without metabolic syndrome than in age and sex matched control group. Our study shows that some of metabolic syndrome components (especially HDL-cholesterol) are associated with high serum FGF21 levels. Because of different effects of FGF21 in rodents, primates and in humans, it may require more investigating on metabolic effects of FGF21 in human's samples. © 2015, Asian Network for Scientific Information. All rights reserved.
The linkage of insulin and regulation of sex hormone-binding globulin levels; Metabolic status is undoubtedly changed, latently or manifestly, with the presence of most pathological conditions. In addition, metabolic syndrome as a state of metabolic dysregulation can have a significant importance for pathologies arising in various organs, such as ovaries and liver. Insulin resistance, a hallmark of metabolic syndrome, leads to a higher levels of circulating insulin which induces steroidogenesis in the ovary. A state of hyperandrogenism is achieved and overt symptoms such as acne and hirsutism are seen, but the metabolic shift happening in the body is also taking its toll. Liver, among all the reactive changes, produces less sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG). The shortage of SHBG is a definite part of the vicious cycle involving insulin and hyperandrogenemia since it represents the main carrier protein for testosterone. Lower levels of SHBG and higher level of insulin resistance has been marked in pathologies such as polycystic ovarian syndrome, metabolic syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Elevated BMI, visceral adiposity and inflammation are associated with lower SHBG concentrations, while physical fitness and exercise can increase concentrations of SHBG as well as estrogens. Higher levels of SHBG have been shown to correlate with a healthy hormonal status and reduce the risks for development of cardiovascular diseases. Novel research brought findings that a unique G-protein coupled receptor for SHBG exists. This already proved to be important in the field of oncology where breast cancer cells respond differently to estrogen when SHBG is also bound to its receptor. Future focus on the active role of sex-steroid carrier proteins might upgrade the diagnostic process, treatment follow-up and therapy. This review demonstrates the interconnection between insulin and SHBG in common diseases affecting the female population. © 2015, Hrvatsko Drustvo Ginekologa i Opstetricara. All rights reserved.
Influence of dietary intake of fish oil, magnesium, and zinc on metabolic parameters among individuals tested for diabetes; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the significance and degree of correlation between the intake of fish oil, magnesium (Mg), and zinc (Zn) and metabolic parameters. Methods: Correlation coefficients among nutrient intake and physical and laboratory parameters were determined using Spearman's rho test or a multiple regression model among Japanese individuals (male:female, 37:66; median age, 55 y) who completed a semiquantitative food questionnaire and underwent testing for diabetes. Individuals with diabetes were excluded. Results: Spearman's test revealed several weak but significant correlations between intake of fish oil including ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and various metabolic parameters. The test showed that Zn intake in women significantly correlated with reduced systolic blood pressure (SBP), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), γ-glutamyl transpeptidase (γ-GPT), and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Multivariate analysis revealed that intake of fish oil, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and Zn was significantly associated with increased serum levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C; fish oil versus HDL-C, P = 0.0438; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.0055-0.3724; EPA versus HDL-C, P = 0.0439; 95% CI, 0.0053-0.3724; Zn versus HDL-C, P = 0.0041; 95% CI, 0.0890-0.4609). Multivariate analysis revealed that ω-3 PUFAs were associated with decreased serum ALT levels (P = 0.0240; 95% CI, -5.000 to -0.0367) and that Zn correlated with SBP (P = 0.0239; 95% CI, -0.5149 to -0.0377) in women. Conclusion: Intake of fish oil, Mg, and Zn was associated with some metabolic parameters. Abundant intake of fish oil including ω-3 PUFAs and Zn can exert antiarteriosclerotic effects through increasing serum levels of HDL-C. ω-3 PUFAs can reduce liver inflammation and Zn can reduce SBP in women. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Iron homeostasis: A new job for macrophages in adipose tissue?; Elevated serum ferritin and increased cellular iron concentrations are risk factors for diabetes; however, the etiology of this association is unclear. Metabolic tissues such as pancreas, liver, and adipose tissue (AT), as well as the immune cells resident in these tissues, may be involved. Recent studies demonstrate that the polarization status of macrophages has important relevance to their iron-handling capabilities. Furthermore, a subset of macrophages in AT have elevated iron concentrations and a gene expression profile indicative of iron handling, a capacity diminished in obesity. Because iron overload in adipocytes increases systemic insulin resistance, iron handling by AT macrophages may have relevance not only to adipocyte iron stores but also to local and systemic insulin sensitivity.
Resistin - 420 C/G polymorphism and serum resistin level in Iranian patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Resistin is a circulating adipokine with insulin-antagonizing effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between the single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) -420C > G in the resistin gene with serum resistin levels, insulin resistance, and risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in Iranian population. Method: 75 GDM patients and 70 healthy pregnant women were enrolled in this study. Genotyping for SNP- 420C > G in the resistin gene was performed by the polymerase chain reaction- restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) method. Serum resistin and insulin were measured by immunoassay. Blood glucose levels and lipid profile were measured by enzymatic methods. Homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were calculated. Result: GG genotype and G allele of SNP-420C > G were more frequent in GDM patients compared to non-GDM subjects. Serum resistin level was similar in GDM and non-GDM patients. The serum levels of resistin in GDM and non-GDM women with GG genotype were similar to those with GC + CC genotype. Multivariate logistic regression analysis after adjusting for confounding factors showed a higher susceptibility to GDM in patients with GG genotype compared to subjects with GG + GT genotype (odds ratio = 4.59, 95% CI; 1.96-10.71, p = 0.00). Serum resistin level was correlated with serum triglyceride, total and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (p < 0.05) in GDM patients. No significant association was found between serum resistin, insulin resistance, and SNP-420C > G. Conclusion: The SNP-420C/G of resistin gene is associated with genetic susceptibility to GDM in our population. Further studies are necessary to confirm the role of this polymorphism in pathogenesis of GDM and to explore potential mechanisms by which it modulates susceptibility to GDM. © 2015 Takhshid and Zare.
Relevance of microRNA in metabolic diseases; Metabolic syndrome is a complex metabolic condition caused by abnormal adipose deposition and function, dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia, which affects >47 million American adults and ~1 million children. Individuals with the metabolic syndrome have essentially twice the risk for developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), compared to those without the syndrome. In the search for improved and novel therapeutic strategies, microRNAs (miRNA) have been shown to be interesting targets due to their regulatory role on gene networks controlling different crucial aspects of metabolism, including lipid and glucose homeostasis. More recently, the discovery of circulating miRNAs suggest that miRNAs may be involved in facilitating metabolic crosstalk between organs as well as serving as novel biomarkers of diseases, including T2D and atherosclerosis. These findings highlight the importance of miRNAs for regulating pathways that underlie metabolic diseases, and their potential as therapeutic targets for the development of novel treatments. © 2014 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Lifestyle, pregnancy and epigenetic effects; Rapidly growing evidences link maternal lifestyle and prenatal factors with serious health consequences and diseases later in life. Extensive epidemiological studies have identified a number of factors such as diet, stress, gestational diabetes, exposure to tobacco and alcohol during gestation as influencing normal fetal development. In light of recent discoveries, epigenetic mechanisms such as alteration of DNA methylation, chromatin modifications and modulation of gene expression during gestation are believed to possibly account for various types of plasticity such as neural tube defects, autism spectrum disorder, congenital heart defects, oral clefts, allergies and cancer. The purpose of this article is to review a number of published studies to fill the gap in our understanding of how maternal lifestyle and intrauterine environment influence molecular modifications in the offspring, with an emphasis on epigenetic alterations. To support these associations, we highlighted laboratory studies of rodents and epidemiological studies of human based on sampling population cohorts. © 2015 Future Medicine Ltd.
Low serum potassium levels associated with disease severity in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Purpose: Recent studies have suggested that decreased serum potassium level may contribute to various metabolic disorders in adult patients including nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We aimed to study the correlation between serum potassium levels and the histologic severity of NAFLD in children. Methods: Pediatric patients with biopsy-proven NAFLD were included in this study. Demographic, clinical, and histopathological data were obtained. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to assess whether potassium levels are associated with the presence of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fibrosis after adjusting for possible confounders. A p-value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Among 125 biopsies, 49.6% (62) had evidence of NASH while 66.4% (83) had some degree of fibrosis (stage 1-3). Mean serum potassium was significantly lower in NASH group as compared to non-NASH group (4.4±0.42 mmoL/L vs. 4.8±0.21, p < 0.001). Higher potassium level had negative correlation with presence of steatosis, ballooning, lobular inflammation, fibrosis and NAFLD activity score (p < 0.05). On multivariable analysis and after adjusting for the metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance, higher potassium level was significantly associated with lower likelihood of having a histological diagnosis of NASH on biopsy (odds ratio [OR], 0.12; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.05-0.28; p < 0.001). Similarly, the likelihood of having fibrosis decreases by 76% for every 0.5 mmoL/L increase in potassium (OR, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.11-0.54; p < 0.001). Conclusion: Our study shows an inverse relationship between serum potassium levels and the presence of aggressive disease (NASH and fibrosis) in children with NAFLD. © 2014 by The Korean Society of Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition.
Brown adipose tissue activity as a target for the treatment of obesity/insulin resistance; Presence of brown adipose tissue (BAT), characterized by the expression of the thermogenic uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1), has recently been described in adult humans. UCP1 is expressed in classical brown adipocytes, as well as in "beige cells" in white adipose tissue (WAT). The thermogenic activity of BAT is mainly controlled by the sympathetic nervous system. Endocrine factors, such as fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) and bone morphogenic protein factor-9 (BMP-9), predominantly produced in the liver, were shown to lead to activation of BAT thermogenesis, as well as to "browning" of WAT. This was also observed in response to irisin, a hormone secreted by skeletal muscles. Different approaches were used to delineate the impact of UCP1 on insulin sensitivity. When studied under thermoneutral conditions, UCP1 knockout mice exhibited markedly increased metabolic efficiency due to impaired thermogenesis. The impact of UCP1 deletion on insulin sensitivity in these mice was not reported. Conversely, several studies in both rodents and humans have shown that BAT activation (by cold exposure, β3-agonist treatment, transplantation and others) improves glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. Interestingly, similar results were obtained by adipose tissue-specific overexpression of PR-domain-containing 16 (PRDM16) or BMP4 in mice. The mediators of such beneficial effects seem to include FGF21, interleukin-6, BMP8B and prostaglandin D2 synthase. Interestingly, some of these molecules can be secreted by BAT itself, indicating the occurrence of autocrine effects. Stimulation of BAT activity and/or recruitment of UCP1-positive cells are therefore relevant targets for the treatment of obesity/type 2 diabetes in humans. © 2015 Poher, Altirriba, Veyrat-Durebex and Rohner-Jeanrenaud.
Mannose-binding lectin is required for the effective clearance of apoptotic cells by adipose tissue macrophages during obesity; Obesity is accompanied by the presence of chronic low-grade inflammation manifested by infiltration of macrophages into adipose tissue. Mannose-binding lectin (MBL), a soluble mediator of innate immunity, promotes phagocytosis and alters macrophage function. To assess the function of MBL in the development of obesity, we studied wild-type and MBL-/- mice rendered obese using a high-fat diet (HFD). Whereas no gross morphological differences were observed in liver, an HFD provoked distinct changes in the adipose tissue morphology of MBL-/- mice. In parallel with increased adipocyte size, MBL-/- mice displayed an increased influx of macrophages into adipose tissue. Macrophages were polarized toward an alternatively activated phenotype known to modulate apoptotic cell clearance. MBL deficiency also significantly increased the number of apoptotic cells in adipose tissue. Consistent with these observations, recombinant MBL enhanced phagocytic capacity of the stromal vascular fraction isolated from adipose tissue and modulated uptake of apoptotic adipocytes by macrophages. Despite changes in macrophage abundance and polarity, the absence of MBL did not affect systemic insulin resistance. Finally, in humans, lower levels of circulating MBL were accompanied by enhanced macrophage influx in subcutaneous adipose tissue. We propose a novel role for MBL in the recognition and clearance of apoptotic adipocytes during obesity. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Effect of a high-fat diet on the hepatic expression of nuclear receptors and their target genes: Relevance to drug disposition; More than 1.4 billion individuals are overweight or obese worldwide. While complications often require therapeutic intervention, data regarding the impact of obesity on drug disposition are scarce. As the influence of diet-induced obesity on drug transport and metabolic pathways is currently unclear, the objective of the present study was to investigate the effect of high fat feeding for 13 weeks in female Sprague-Dawley rats on the hepatic expression of the nuclear receptors pregnane X receptor (PXR), constitutive androstane receptor (CAR), liver X receptor (LXR) and farnesoid X receptor (FXR) and several of their target genes. We hypothesised that high fat feeding would alter the gene expression of major hepatic transporters through a dysregulation of the expression of the nuclear receptors. The results demonstrated that, along with a significant increase in body fat and weight, a high-fat diet (HFD) induced a significant 2-fold increase in the expression of PXR as well as a 2-, 5- and 2.5-fold increase in the hepatic expression of the PXR target genes Abcc2, Abcb1a and Cyp3a2, respectively (P<0.05). The expression levels of FXR were significantly increased in rats fed a HFD in addition to the increase in the expression levels of FXR target genes Abcb11 and Abcb4. The expression levels of both LXR a and LXR b were slightly but significantly increased in rats fed a HFD, and the expression levels of their target genes Abca1 and Abcg5, but not Abcg8, were significantly increased. The expression of the nuclear receptor CAR was not significantly altered between the groups. This suggests that a HFD may induce changes in the hepatobiliary transport and metabolism of endogenous and exogenous compounds. © The Authors 2015.
The interactive effect of improvement of vitamin D status and VDR FokI variants on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic subjects: A randomized controlled trial; Background/Objectives:The objectives were to evaluate the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on biomarkers of oxidative stress (OS) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) subjects and whether vitamin D receptor (VDR)-FokI polymorphisms could modulate the response to vitamin D3 intake.Subjects/Methods:Subjects with T2D were allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD; containing 150 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 ml, n 1 =50) or vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; containing 500 IU/250 ml, n 1 =50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Outcomes were changes in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), superoxide dismutase, glutathione (GSH), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and malondialdehyde (MDA). VDR genotypes in 140 T2D subjects in FD were determined by FokI restriction enzyme.Results:After 12 weeks, serum 25(OH)D increased significantly in FD (from 38.5±202.2 to 72.0±23.5, P<0.001) as compared with PD (from 38.8±22.8 to 33.4±22.8, P=0.28). Comparisons between FD and PD revealed significant differences in changes of serum MDA (-0.54±0.82 μmol/l vs +0.17±1 μmol/l, P<0.001), GSH (+8.4±40.1 ng/l vs -13.1±29.4 ng/l, P=0.002) and TAC (+0.14±0.43 mmol/lvs +0.02±0.45 mmol/l bovine serum albumin equivalent, P=0.03). Although there was no significant association between FokI genotypes and OS biomarkers, ff variant subgroup showed the weakest response to vitamin D.Conclusions:Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of FD ameliorates OS biomarkers in T2D subjects and the interactive effect of FokI genotypes cannot be ruled out. © 2015 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Type of fatty acids in maternal diets during pregnancy and/or lactation and metabolic consequences of the offspring; During pregnancy and/or lactation, maternal nutrition is related to the adequate development of the fetus, newborn and future adult, likely by modifications in fetal programming and epigenetic regulation. Fetal programming is characterized by adaptive responses to specific environmental conditions during early life stages, which may alter gene expression and permanently affect the structure and function of several organs and tissues, thus influencing the susceptibility to metabolic disorders. Regarding lipid metabolism during the first two trimesters of pregnancy, the maternal body accumulates fat, whereas in late pregnancy, the lipolytic activity in the maternal adipose tissue is increased. However, an excess or deficiency of certain fatty acids may lead to adverse consequences to the fetuses and newborns. Fetal exposure to trans fatty acids appears to promote early deleterious effects in the offspring's health, thereby increasing the individual risk for developing metabolic diseases throughout life. Similarly, the maternal intake of saturated fatty acids seems to trigger alterations in the liver and adipose tissue function associated with insulin resistance and diabetes. The polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly long-chain PUFAs (long-chain PUFA-arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid), play an important and beneficial physiologic role in the offspring who receive this fatty acid during critical periods of development. Therefore, the maternal nutritional condition and fatty acid intake during pregnancy and/or lactation are critical factors that are strongly associated with normal fetal and postnatal development, which influence the modifications in fetal programming and in the individual risk for developing metabolic diseases throughout life. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
NMR in living systems; This chapter reviews studies applying magnetic resonance spectroscopy to investigations of the processes occurring in living systems. In section one acquisition methods and analytical processes that are applicable to in vivo investigations are reviewed. In sections two and three, studies in animal models and the clinical environment are surveyed, respectively. In each of these two sections, the review is subdivided into tissue categories with each of these sub-divided further according to the category of disease or the type of metabolic investigation. © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2015.
Gene-environment interactions controlling energy and glucose homeostasis and the developmental origins of obesity; Obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) often occur together and affect a growing number of individuals in both the developed and developing worlds. Both are associated with a number of other serious illnesses that lead to increased rates of mortality. There is likely a polygenic mode of inheritance underlying both disorders, but it has become increasingly clear that the pre- and postnatal environments play critical roles in pushing predisposed individuals over the edge into a disease state. This review focuses on the many genetic and environmental variables that interact to cause predisposed individuals to become obese and diabetic. The brain and its interactions with the external and internal environment are a major focus given the prominent role these interactions play in the regulation of energy and glucose homeostasis in health and disease. © 2015 the American Physiological Society.
Influence of maternal overnutrition and gestational diabetes on the programming of metabolic health outcomes in the offspring: Experimental evidence1; The incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus have risen across the world during the past few decades and has also reached an alarming level among children. In addition, women are currently more likely than ever to enter pregnancy obese. As a result, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus is also on the rise. While diet and lifestyle contribute to these trends, population health data show that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy during critical stages of development are major factors that contribute to the development of chronic disease in adolescent and adult offspring. Fetal programming of metabolic function, through physiological and (or) epigenetic mechanisms, may also have an intergenerational effect, and as a result may perpetuate metabolic disorders in the next generation. In this review, we summarize the existing literature that characterizes how maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus contribute to metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in the offspring. In particular, we focus on animal studies that investigate the molecular mechanisms that are programmed by the gestational environment and lead to disease phenotypes in the offspring. We also review interventional studies that prevent disease with a developmental origin in the offspring. © 2015 Published by NRC Research Press.
High-fat diet enhanced retinal dehydrogenase activity, but suppressed retinol dehydrogenase activity in liver of rats; Evidence has shown that hyperlipidemia is associated with retinoid dyshomeostasis. In liver, retinol is mainly oxidized to retinal by retinol dehydrogenases (RDHs) and alcohol dehydrogenases (ADHs), further converted to retinoic acid by retinal dehydrogenases (RALDHs). The aim of this study was to investigate whether high-fat diet (HFD) induced hyperlipidemia affected activity and expression of hepatic ADHs/RDHs and RALDHsinrats. Results showed that retinol levelsinliver, kidneyand adipose tissue of HFD rats were significantly increased, while plasma retinol and hepatic retinal levels were markedly decreased. HFD rats exhibited significantly downregulated hepatic ADHs/RDHs activity and Adh1, Rdh10 and Dhrs9 expression. Oppositely, hepatic RALDHs activity and Raldh1 expression were upregulated in HFD rats. In HepG2 cells, treatment of HFD rat serum inhibited ADHs/RDHs activity and induced RALDHs activity. Among the tested abnormally altered components in HFD rat serum, cholesterol reduced ADHs/RDHs activity and RDH10 expression, while induced RALDHs activity and RALDH1 expression in HepG2 cells. Contrary to the effect of cholesterol, cholesterol-lowering agent pravastatin upregulated ADHs/RDHs activity and RDH10 expression, while suppressed RALDHs activity and RALDH1 expression. In conclusion, hyperlipidemia oppositely altered activity and expression of hepatic ADHs/RDHs and RALDHs, which is partially due to the elevated cholesterol levels.
Could changes in adiponectin drive the effect of statins on the risk of new-onset diabetes? The case of pitavastatin; Statins represent the elective lipid-lowering strategy in hyperlipidemic and high cardiovascular-risk patients. Despite excellent safety and tolerability, reversible muscle-related and dose-dependent adverse events may decrease a patient's compliance. Large meta-analyses, post-hoc and genetic studies showed that statins might increase the risk of new-onset diabetes (NOD), particularly in insulin-resistant, obese, old patients. Race, gender, concomitant medication, dose and treatment duration may also contribute to this effect. Based on this evidence, to warn against the possibility of statin-induced NOD or worsening glycemic control in patients with already established diabetes, FDA and EMA changed the labels of all the available statins in the USA and Europe. Recent meta-analyses and retrospective studies demonstrated that statins' diabetogenicity is a dose-related class effect, but the mechanism(s) is not understood. Among statins, only pravastatin and pitavastatin do not deteriorate glycemic parameters in patients with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus. Interestingly, available data, obtained in small-scale, retrospective or single-center clinical studies, document that pitavastatin, while ameliorating lipid profile, seems protective against NOD. Beyond differences in pharmacokinetics between pitavastatin and the other statins (higher oral bioavailability, lower hepatic uptake), its consistent increases in plasma adiponectin documented in clinical studies may be causally connected with its effect on glucose metabolism. Adiponectin is a protein with antiatherosclerotic, anti-inflammatory and antidiabetogenic properties exerted on liver, skeletal muscle, adipose tissue and pancreatic beta cells. Further studies are required to confirm this unique property of pitavastatin and to understand the mechanism(s) leading to this effect. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Isoleucine-to-methionine substitution at residue 148 variant of PNPLA3 gene and metabolic outcomes in gestational diabetes; Background: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) of the patatinlike phospholipase-3 (PNPLA3)/adiponutrin gene (rs738409 C>G) is strongly associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; to our knowledge, no data are available on the impact of this PNPLA3 SNP on liver and metabolic outcomes during pregnancy in patients with gestational diabetes (GD). Objective: We evaluated the impact of the PNPLA3 rs738409 SNP on liver enzymes, metabolic indexes, and maternal and neonatal outcomes in 200 GD patients enrolled in a lifestyle intervention. Design: In a randomized trial with a 2 x 2 factorial design, exercise significantly improved maternal and neonatal outcomes in GD patients. Effects of the G allele on metabolic and liver indexes and maternal and neonatal outcomes were evaluated in these patients. Results: At the end of the trial, fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values were significantly lower and liver enzymes significantly higher in PNPLA3 G-allele carriers. In a multiple regression model, the G allele was associated directly with aspartate aminotransferase (β = 2.60; 95% CI: 0.99, 4.20), alanine aminotransferase (β = 3.70; 95% CI: 1.78, 5.62), and γ-glutamyl transferase (β = 3.70; 95% CI: 0.80, 6.60) and inversely with insulin (β = -2.01; 95% CI: -3.24, -0.78) and HOMA-IR (β = -0.39; -0.64, -0.14) values at the end of the trial. In a multiple logistic regression model, the G allele was associated directly with risk of developing liver enzyme elevation during pregnancy (OR: 4.21; 95% CI: 1.78, 9.97) and inversely with the birth of large-for-gestational-age newborns (OR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.06, 0.62). No diet x genotype or exercise x genotype interaction was shown. Conclusion: The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409 G allele was associated with risk of mildly elevated transaminases in GD independent of a lifestyle intervention and despite a significant reduction in insulin resistance and risk of macrosomic offspring. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01506310. © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Childhood Obesity and Insulin Resistance: How Should It Be Managed?; Concomitant with the rise in global pediatric obesity in the past decades, there has been a significant increase in the number of children and adolescents with clinical signs of insulin resistance. Given insulin resistance is the important link between obesity and the associated metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular risk, clinicians should be aware of high risk groups and treatment options. As there is no universally accepted biochemical definition of insulin resistance in children and adolescents, identification and diagnosis of insulin resistance usually relies on clinical features such as acanthosis nigricans, polycystic ovary syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Treatment for reducing insulin resistance and other obesity-associated comorbidities should focus on changes in health behaviors to achieve effective weight management. Lifestyle interventions incorporating dietary change, increased physical activity, and decreased sedentary behaviors, with the involvement of family and adoption of a developmentally appropriate approach, should be used as the first line treatment. Current evidence suggests that the primary objective of dietary interventions should be to reduce total energy intake and a combination of aerobic and resistance training should be encouraged. Metformin can be used in conjunction with a lifestyle intervention program in obese adolescents with clinical insulin resistance to achieve weight loss and to improve insulin sensitivity. Ongoing evaluation and research are required to explore optimal protocol and long-term effectiveness of lifestyle interventions, as well as to determine whether the improvements in insulin sensitivity induced by lifestyle interventions and weight loss will lead to a clinical benefit including reduced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Factors influencing the prescription of physical activity in the therapeutic management of patients with type 2 diabetes; Physical activity probably plays a major role in the age-related susceptibility to develop type 2 diabetes. The question of defining a minimum requirement and a maximum physical activity load, necessary to the maintenance of an optimal metabolic status in the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes, must be raised in light of multiple factors. Among these factors and regardless of the disease itself, physical inactivity, age and/or obesity can affect the body composition and the metabolic response to exercise, and therefore the adaptive effects expected. The characterization of profiles of responses to exercise considering these factors would be desirable in order to identify, schedule and prescribe a physical activity load adapted to each individual. © 2014.
The role of ovarian sex steroids in metabolic homeostasis, obesity, and postmenopausal breast cancer: Molecular mechanisms and therapeutic implications; Obese postmenopausal women have an increased risk of breast cancer and are likely to have a worse prognosis than nonobese postmenopausal women. The cessation of ovarian function after menopause results in withdrawal of ovarian sex steroid hormones, estrogen, and progesterone. Accumulating evidence suggests that the withdrawal of estrogen and progesterone causes homeostasis imbalances, including decreases in insulin sensitivity and leptin secretion and changes in glucose and lipid metabolism, resulting in a total reduction in energy expenditure. Together with a decrease in physical activity and consumption of a high fat diet, these factors significantly contribute to obesity in postmenopausal women. Obesity may contribute to breast cancer development through several mechanisms. Obesity causes localized inflammation, an increase in local estrogen production, and changes in cellular metabolism. In addition, obese women have a higher risk of insulin insensitivity, and an increase in insulin and other growth factor secretion. In this review, we describe our current understanding of the molecular actions of estrogen and progesterone and their contributions to cellular metabolism, obesity, inflammation, and postmenopausal breast cancer. We also discuss how modifications of estrogen and progesterone actions might be used as a therapeutic approach for obesity and postmenopausal breast cancer. © 2015 Viroj Boonyaratanakornkit and Prangwan Pateetin.
Incretins; Glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide- 1 (GLP-1) are the known incretin hormones in humans, released predominantly from the enteroendocrine K and L cells within the gut. Their secretion is regulated by a complex of integrated mechanisms involving direct contact for the activation of different chemo-sensors on the brush boarder of K and L cells and several indirect neuro-immuno-hormonal loops. The biological actions of GIP and GLP-1 are fundamental determinants of islet function and blood glucose homeostasis in health and type 2 diabetes. Moreover, there is increasing recognition that GIP and GLP-1 also exert pleiotropic extra-glycaemic actions, which may represent therapeutic targets for human diseases. In this review, we summarise current knowledge of the biology of incretin hormones in health and metabolic disorders and highlight the therapeutic potential of incretin hormones in metabolic regulation. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
Recommended diet for diabetics: Hydrocarbons, glycemic impact, glycemic load, glycemic index, and mediterranean diet; From ancient times, man has recognized the special role of the diet in health and disease. The effect of a diet is determined by several characteristics, including absorption, metabolism, and degree of interaction with physiological processes. © 2016 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Cellular rhythms and networks: Implications for systems medicine; This book provides an overview of circadian rhythms and cellular networks in their relation to biological systems and dynamical medicine. Six concise chapters explore circadian cell rhythms and biomarkers in inflammation, cardiovascular disease, cancer, depression, and more in causing and treating these ailments. The final chapter discusses optimization of drug delivery and individualized treatment systems using chronotherapy and chronobiology-based biomarkers as a general system of medicine. Succinct yet comprehensive, Cellular Rhythms and Networks, part of SpringerBriefs in Cell Biology presents a novel framework for clinical applications in personalized and systems medicine. It is invaluable reading for researchers and clinicians in cell biology, mood disorders, and systems medicine. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015
Sources of interindividual variability; The efficacy, safety, and tolerability of drugs are dependent on numerous factors that influence their disposition. A dose that is efficacious and safe for one individual may result in sub-therapeutic or toxic blood concentrations in other individuals. A major source of this variability in drug response is drug metabolism, where differences in pre-systemic and systemic biotransformation efficiency result in variable degrees of systemic exposure (e.g., AUC, C max, and/or C min) following administration of a fixed dose. Interindividual differences in drug biotransformation have been studied extensively. It is well recognized that both intrinsic (such as genetics, age, sex, and disease states) and extrinsic (such as diet, chemical exposures from the environment, and even sunlight) factors play a significant role. For the family of cytochrome P450 enzymes, the most critical of the drug metabolizing enzymes, genetic variation can result in the complete absence or enhanced expression of a functional enzyme. In addition, up- and down-regulation of gene expression, in response to an altered cellular environment, can achieve the same range of metabolic function (phenotype), but often in a less reliably predictable and time-dependent manner. Understanding the mechanistic basis for drug disposition and response variability is essential if we are to move beyond the era of empirical, trial-and-error dose selection and into an age of personalized medicine that brings with it true improvements in health outcomes in the therapeutic treatment of disease. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2014.
Unraveling biochemical pathways affected by mitochondrial dysfunctions using metabolomic approaches; Mitochondrial dysfunction(s) (MDs) can be defined as alterations in the mitochondria, including mitochondrial uncoupling, mitochondrial depolarization, inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain, mitochondrial network fragmentation, mitochondrial or nuclear DNA mutations and the mitochondrial accumulation of protein aggregates. All these MDs are known to alter the capacity of ATP production and are observed in several pathological states/diseases, including cancer, obesity, muscle and neurological disorders. The induction of MDs can also alter the secretion of several metabolites, reactive oxygen species production and modify several cell-signalling pathways to resolve the mitochondrial dysfunction or ultimately trigger cell death. Many metabolites, such as fatty acids and derived compounds, could be secreted into the blood stream by cells suffering from mitochondrial alterations. In this review, we summarize how a mitochondrial uncoupling can modify metabolites, the signalling pathways and transcription factors involved in this process. We describe how to identify the causes or consequences of mitochondrial dysfunction using metabolomics (liquid and gas chromatography associated with mass spectrometry analysis, NMR spectroscopy) in the obesity and insulin resistance thematic. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m 2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). Results: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = 20.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. Conclusions: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort. © 2014 Winhofer et al.
Critical importance of the perinatal period in the development of obesity; The intrauterine environment is increasingly recognized as an important contributor to the rapidly rising incidence of juvenile obesity and associated metabolic disorders. Clinical and epidemiological studies have repeatedly shown a strong association between maternal BMI and childhood obesity and co-morbidities in the offspring. However not all obese women give birth to overweight infants and the intrauterine effects resulting from maternal obesity that trigger metabolic disease in the offspring are not well understood. Here we discuss the consequences of excess maternal fuels, inflammation, and oxidative stress associated with maternal obesity and insulin resistance, and how these may combine to affect fetal development on a cellular and molecular level to change appetite, mitochondria, and fuel storage. While reducing excess gestational weight gain or treatment of gestational diabetes may improve maternal cardiometabolic parameters in obese women during pregnancy, very little research has been done to examine long-term outcomes in the infant or children. Likewise, dietary interventions in the critical first year of life when infants triple their body fat may impact the microbiome, appetite regulatory control systems, and adipose stem cell biology and also need further study. Direct modification of epigenetic changes may also be a powerful treatment for obese mothers. It is clear that epigenetic regulation, specifically via methylation and acetylation are dynamic processes that change over time. All of these time points are pivotal for breaking the cycle of maternal to infant obesity, but more studies are needed to support recommending specific treatments that could halt the transgenerational cycle of obesity. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York. All rights are reserved.
The impacts of gestational diabetes and obesity of mothers on insulin resistance and adipokines levels in the umbilical blood; SUMMARY. Due to the stressful and sedentary lifestyle with the plenty of calorie-rich food obesity reaches pandemic proportions. It is increased interest of scientist to discovery previously unknown metabolic-endocrine effects on obesity. Aims. The aim of this study was to determine the influence of obesity of the mother and GDM as individual and combined factors on the levels of glucose, C-peptide, adiponectin and leptin in umbilical serum, and on insulin resistance in the child. Methods. This case control study included 160 pregnant women divided into four groups according to BMI and GDM. The concentration of C-peptide, adiponectin and leptin were determined using the ELISA method. Results. Obese women in both diabetic and healthy groups had higher concentrations of C-peptide. The concentration of adiponectin was positively correlated to newborn’s weight among women with normal BMI values in both diabetic and healthy groups and leptin concentrations and newborn’s weight only among obese diabetic women. Conclusion. This study has shown that the activities of increasingly common pathogenic factors in the mother – weight and increased insulin resistance – either independent or combined, alter the in utero metabolism of the child. © 2014 Naprijed. All rights reserved.
Osteoprotegerin increases in metabolic syndrome and promotes adipose tissue proinflammatory changes; Background: Inflammation is believed to link obesity to insulin resistance, as in the setting of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Osteoprotegerin (OPG) is a soluble protein that seems to exert proatherogenic and prodiabetogenic effects. This study aims at determining OPG levels in MetS and whether OPG might contribute to MetS development and progression. Methodology/principal findings: Circulating OPG was measured in 46 patients with MetS and 63 controls, and was found significantly elevated in those with MetS. In addition, circulating and tissue OPG was significantly increased in high-fat diet (HFD) fed C57BL6 mice, which is one of the animal models for the study of MetS. To evaluate the consequences of OPG elevation, we delivered this protein to C57BL6 mice, finding that it promoted systemic and adipose tissue proinflammatory changes in association with metabolic abnormalities. Conclusions/significance: These data suggest that OPG may trigger adipose tissue proinflammatory changes in MetS/HFD-induced obesity. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
A meta-analysis of the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hepatitis B infection during pregnancy; Background: Chronic hepatitis B (CHB) infection during pregnancy is associated with insulin resistance. A meta-analytic technique was used to quantify the evidence of an association between CHB infection and the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) among pregnant women. Methods. We searched PubMed for studies up to September 5th 2013. Additional studies were obtained from other sources. We selected studies using a cohort-study design and reported a quantitative association between CHB infection during pregnancy and risk of GDM. A total of 280 articles were identified, of which fourteen publications involving 439,514 subjects met the inclusion criteria. A sequential algorithm was used to reduce between-study heterogeneity, and further meta-analysis was conducted using a random-effects model. Results: Ten out of the fourteen studies were highly homogeneous, indicating an association of 1.11 [the adjusted odds ratio, 95% confidence interval 0.96 - 1.28] between CHB infection during pregnancy and the risk of developing GDM. The heterogeneity of the additional four studies may be due to selection bias or possible aetiological differences for special subsets of pregnant women. Conclusions: These results indicate that CHB infection during pregnancy is not associated with an increased risk of developing GDM among pregnant women except those from Iran. © 2014 Kong et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
A comparison of the effectiveness of physical activity and sedentary behaviour interventions in reducing sedentary time in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials; The objective of this study was to systematically review the literature and compare the effectiveness of controlled interventions with a focus on physical activity (PA) and/or sedentary behaviours (SBs) for reducing sedentary time in adults. Six electronic databases were searched to identify all studies that examined the effects of interventions that targeted PA and/or SBs and that reported on changes in SBs (sedentary, sitting or television time). A qualitative synthesis was performed for all studies, and meta-analyses conducted among studies with mean differences (min/d) of sedentary time. PROSPERO: CRD42014006535. Sixty-five controlled studies met inclusion criteria; 33 were used in the meta-analyses. Interventions with a focus on PA or that included a PA and SB component produced less consistent findings and generally resulted in modest reductions in sedentary time (PA: standardized mean differences [SMD]=-0.22 [95% confidence interval {CI}:-0.35,-0.10], PA+SB: SMD=-0.37 [95% CI:-0.69,-0.05]). Moderate quality evidence from the randomized controlled trial meta-analysis coupled with the qualitative synthesis provides consistent evidence that large and clinically meaningful reductions in sedentary time can be expected from interventions with a focus on reducing SBs (SMD=-1.28 [95% CI:-1.68,-0.87]). There is evidence to support the need for interventions to include a component focused on reducing SBs in order to generate clinically meaningful reductions in sedentary time. © 2014 The Authors. Obesity Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of World Obesity.
Effect of lactation on maternal postpartum cardiac function and adiposity: A murine model; Objective Lactation is associated with reduction in maternal metabolic disease and hypertension later in life; however, findings in humans may be confounded by socioeconomic factors. We sought to determine the independent contribution of lactation on cardiovascular parameters and adiposity in a murine model. Study Design Following delivery, CD-1 female mice were randomly divided into 2 groups: lactated (L; nursed pups for 3 weeks, n = 10), and nonlactated (NL; pups were removed after birth, n = 12). Blood pressure (BP) was assessed prepregnancy and at 1 and 2 months' postpartum. Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue determined by computed tomography and left ventricular ejection fraction, cardiac output, and the E/A ratio determined by microultrasound were evaluated at 1 and 2 months' postpartum. The results were analyzed using a Student t test (significance at P <.05).; Results We observed a significantly different maternal BP at 2 months' postpartum with relatively greater BP in NL (systolic BP: NL, 122.2 ± 7.2 vs L, 96.8 ± 9.8 mm Hg; P =.04; diastolic BP: NL, 87.0 ± 6.8 vs L, 65.9 ± 6.2 mm Hg; P =.04). Visceral adipose tissue was significantly increased in NL mice at 1 (22.0 ± 4.1% vs 10.7 ± 1.8%, P =.04) and 2 months' postpartum (22.9 ± 3.5% vs 11.2 ± 2.2%, P =.02), whereas subcutaneous adipose tissue did not differ between the groups. At 2 months' postpartum, ejection fraction (51.8 ± 1.5% vs 60.5 ± 3.8%; P =.04), cardiac output (14.2 ± 1.0 vs 18.0 ± 1.3 mL/min; P =.02) and mitral valve E/A ratio (1.38 ± 0.06 vs 1.82 ± 0.13; P =.04) were significantly lower in NL mice than L mice.; Conclusion Our data provide evidence that interruption of lactation adversely affects postpartum maternal cardiovascular function and adiposity. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Expression and significance of fat mass and obesity associated gene and forkhead transcription factor O1 in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a complex disorder and has been closely linked to obesity. The fat mass and obesity-associated (FTO) gene is a newly discovered gene related to obesity, which enhances oxidative stress and lipogenesis in NAFLD. The forkhead transcription factor O1 (FoxO1) is another important gene involved in NAFLD, which causes lipid disorders when insulin resistance appears in the liver. However, the interactions between FTO and FoxO1 during the pathogenesis of NAFLD have not been fully elucidated. This study was designed to identify the relationship between these two factors that are involved in the development of NAFLD.; Methods This study includes two parts referred to as animal and cell experiments. Twelve female SPF C57BL/6 mice were fed a high-fat diet to serve as an NAFLD animal model. Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), total triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) were measured. Immunohistochemical analysis was used to detect the expression and histological localization of FTO, FoxO1, and adenosine monophosphate (AMP)-activated protein kinase (AMPK). The L02 cells were exposed to high fat for 24, 48, or 72 hours. Oil red O staining was used to detect intracellular lipid droplets. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was used for analyzing the levels of FTO and FoxO1 mRNA.; Results At the end of 10 weeks, ALP, ALT, AST, and LDL were significantly increased (P <0.01), while TC and TG were also significantly higher (P <0.05). In addition, HDL was significantly decreased (P <0.05). The FTO and FoxO1 proteins were weakly expressed in the control group, but both FTO and FoxO1 were expressed significantly higher (P <0.01) in the experimental group, and the expression of the two factors was significantly correlated. AMPK in the high-fat group showed a low level of correlation with FTO, but not with FoxO1. Oil Red O staining results showed that the cells cultured in 50% fetal bovine serum for 24, 48, or 72 hours exhibited steatosis. FTO and FoxO1 mRNA were increased in the high-fat group compared with the normal group (P <0.01). The expression levels of FTO and FoxO1 mRNA were the highest at 48 hours (P <0.05).; Conclusions A high-fat diet leads to higher expression of FTO, phosphorylation of FoxO1, and decreased phosphorylation of AMPK. These results suggest that the interactions between FTO and FoxO1 are closely related to the pathogenesis of NAFLD. © 2014, Chinese Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Prenatal xenobiotic exposure and intrauterine hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis programming alteration; The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis is one of the most important neuroendocrine axes and plays an important role in stress defense responses before and after birth. Prenatal exposure to xenobiotics, including environmental toxins (such as smoke, sulfur dioxide and carbon monoxide), drugs (such as synthetic glucocorticoids), and foods and beverage categories (such as ethanol and caffeine), affects fetal development indirectly by changing the maternal status or damaging the placenta. Certain xenobiotics (such as caffeine, ethanol and dexamethasone) may also affect the fetus directly by crossing the placenta into the fetus due to their lipophilic properties and lower molecular weights. All of these factors probably result in intrauterine programming alteration of the HPA axis, which showed a low basal activity but hypersensitivity to chronic stress. These alterations will, therefore, increase the susceptibility to adult neuropsychiatric (such as depression and schizophrenia) and metabolic diseases (such as hypertension, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease). The "over-exposure of fetuses to maternal glucocorticoids" may be the main initiation factor by which the fetal HPA axis programming is altered. Meantime, xenobiotics can directly induce abnormal epigenetic modifications and expression on the important fetal genes (such as hippocampal glucocorticoid receptor, adrenal steroidogenic acute regulatory protein, et al) or damage by in situ oxidative metabolism of fetal adrenals, which may also be contributed to the programming alteration of fetal HPA axis. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Vertical hepatitis C virus transmission: Main questions and answers; Hepatitis C virus (HCV) affects about 3% of the world's population and peaks in subjects aged over 40 years. Its prevalence in pregnant women is low (1%-2%) in most western countries but drastically increases in women in developing countries or with high risk behaviors for blood-transmitted infections. Here we review clinical, prognostic and therapeutic aspects of HCV infection in pregnant women and their offspring infected through vertical transmission. Pregnancy-related immune weakness does not seem to affect the course of acute hepatitis C but can affect the progression of chronic hepatitis C. In fact, postpartum immune restoration can exacerbate hepatic inflammation, thereby worsening the liver disease, particularly in patients with liver cirrhosis. HCV infection increases the risk of gestational diabetes in patients with excessive weight gain, premature rupture of membrane and caesarean delivery. Only 3%-5% of infants born to HCV-positive mothers have been infected by intrauterine or perinatal transmission. Maternal viral load, human immunodeficiency virus coinfection, prolonged rupture of membranes, fetal exposure to maternal infected blood consequent to vaginal or perineal lacerations and invasive monitoring of fetus increase the risk of viral transmission. Cesarean delivery and breastfeeding increases the transmission risk in HCV/human immunodeficiency virus coinfected women. The consensus is not to offer antiviral therapy to HCV-infected pregnant women because it is based on ribavirin (pregnancy category X) because of its embryocidal and teratogenic effects in animal species. In vertically infected children, chronic C hepatitis is often associated with minimal or mild liver disease and progression to liver cirrhosis and hepatocarcinoma is lower than in adults. Infected children may be treated after the second year of life, given the adverse effects of current antiviral agents. © 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Inc.
Glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus in ulcerative colitis: Pathogenetic and therapeutic implications; Diabetes mellitus is one of the most frequent co-morbidities of ulcerative colitis patients. The epidemiological association of these diseases suggested a genetic sharing and has challenged gene identification. Diabetes co-morbidity in ulcerative colitis has also relevant clinical and therapeutic implications, with potential clinical impact on the follow up and outcome of patients. These diseases share specific complications, such as neuropathy, hepatic steatosis, osteoporosis and venous thrombosis. It is still unknown whether the coexistence of these diseases may increase their occurrence. Diabetes and hyperglycaemia represent relevant risk factors for postoperative complications and pouch failure in ulcerative colitis. Medical treatment of ulcerative colitis in patients with diabetes mellitus may be particularly challenging. Corticosteroids are the treatment of choice of active ulcerative colitis. Their use may be associated with the onset of glucose intolerance and diabetes, with difficult control of glucose levels and with complications in diabetic patients. Epidemiologic and genetic evidences about diabetes co-morbidity in ulcerative colitis patients and shared complications and treatment of patients with these diseases have been discussed in the present review. © 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Drugs in pregnancy and lactation: A reference guide to fetal and neonatal risk: Tenth edition; Know the risk versus the benefit, before you prescribe: the authoritative, updated 10th edition of Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation remains the leading drug reference for treatment of pregnant or breastfeeding patients. Listing nearly 1,200 commonly prescribed drugs taken during pregnancy and lactation, each detailed, in-depth drug monograph offers a summary of known or possible effects on mother, embryo, fetus and nursing infant. Features: • Enhanced eBook with searchable text and frequent updates integrating important new evidence • NEW over 120 new drugs including drug reviews • NEW drugs contraindicated during breastfeeding and pregnancy • Each monograph contains: generic name (in US); risk factor; pharmacologic class; fetal risk summary; breastfeeding summary; and updated references • List of drugs known to cause human developmental toxicity Now with the print edition, enjoy the bundled interactive eBook edition, offering tablet, smartphone, or online access to: • Complete content with enhanced navigation • A powerful search tool that pulls results from content in the book, your notes, and even the web • Cross-linked pages, references, and more for easy navigation • Highlighting tool for easier reference of key content throughout the text • Ability to take and share notes with friends and colleagues • Quick reference tabbing to save your favorite content for future use. © 2015 Wolters Kluwer Health. All rights reserved.
Obesity and lifespan health-importance of the fetal environment; A marked increase in the frequency of obesity at the population level has resulted in an increasing number of obese women entering pregnancy. The increasing realization of the importance of the fetal environment in relation to chronic disease across the lifespan has focused attention on the role of maternal obesity in fetal development. Previous studies have demonstrated that obesity during adolescence and adulthood can be traced back to fetal and early childhood exposures. This review focuses on factors that contribute to early developmental events, such as epigenetic modifications, the potential for an increase in inflammatory burden, early developmental programming changes such as the variable development of white versus brown adipose tissue, and alterations in organ ontogeny. We hypothesize that these mechanisms promote an unfavorable fetal environment and can have a long-standing impact, with early manifestations of chronic disease that can result in an increased demand for future health care. In order to identify appropriate preventive measures, attention needs to be placed both on reducing maternal obesity as well as understanding the molecular, cellular, and epigenetic mechanisms that may be responsible for the prenatal onset of chronic disease. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Clinical Practice Guidelines for PCOS; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a very frequent condition in females, still poorly understood. It causes an androgen excess, responsible of the main manifestations of the syndrome (Hirsutism, insulin resistance or menstrual irregularity/subfertility). Although common, there is controversy in the diagnosis and management of this disease, with several guidelines and recommendations available. Our objective is to summarize the most relevant ones and to provide an actualized point of view in terms of diagnosis, management and treatment of PCOS, as a tool for decision-making and evidence-based medical practice. © iMedPub.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor activating hypoglycemic effect of Gardenia jasminoides Ellis aqueous extract and improvement of insulin sensitivity in steroid induced insulin resistant rats; Background: The active components of Gardenia (Gardenia jasminoides Ellis, GJ) exhibit a hypoglycemic effect by improving insulin secretion and lowering plasma lipids. In the present study, we fed a water extract of gardenia to steroid-induced insulin-resistant (SIIR) rats and observed changes in signaling proteins in order to elucidate the mechanisms of the insulin-sensitizing effect of GJ and evaluate its possibility as an insulin-sensitizing agent.Methods: Normal Wistar rats were randomly divided into a control group (i.e., saline) and experimental groups (GJ 100 and 200 mg/kg). Blood samples were taken at 0, 30, and 60 min for plasma glucose assay in order to determine the optimal dose to induce the hypoglycemic effect. SIIR rats were then randomly divided into a control group (i.e., saline) and an experimental group (optimal dose of gardenia extract) to observe the insulin-sensitizing effect of the extract. Finally, western blot analysis was performed to detect intracellular signaling proteins to elucidate the mechanisms of the insulin-sensitization effect of GJ.Results: The normal Wistar rats in the GJ 200 mg/kg group exhibited significant hypoglycemic activity. Meanwhile, the SIIR rats had higher plasma glucose levels than normal rats. There was no obvious change in insulin level, but the insulin sensitivity index and homeostasis model assessment index were significantly elevated. Meanwhile, a significant hypoglycemic effect was observed with GJ 200 mg/kg. In addition, intracellular signaling proteins including insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPARγ) were elevated in muscle cells.Conclusions: The optimal dose of GJ aqueous extract of 200 mg/kg exerts a PPARγ-activating hypoglycemic effect and improves insulin resistance in SIIR rats. Therefore, it is a potential insulin-sensitizing agent in type 2 diabetes mellitus with insulin resistance. © 2014 Chen et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Acute and perinatal programming effects of a fat-rich diet on rat muscle mitochondrial function and hepatic lipid accumulation; Conclusion Intake of a fat-rich diet during pregnancy and lactation reduced the age-induced increases in un-coupled fat oxidation.; Results At 20 days, maternal high-fat diet caused increased Vo2max with pyruvate as substrate (p = 0.047), at 70 days, pups born by C-dams, but not those born by high-fat-dams, showed increased oxidation of palmitoylcarnitine in the absence of ADP (p = 0.018). Rates of ADP-stimulated oxygen consumption, maximal respiratory capacity and mitochondrial respiratory control ratio with pyruvate, increased post weaning (p < 0.001), whereas respiratory control ratio with palmitoylcarnitine decreased (p = 0.013). The increase in respiratory control ratio was most pronounced in pups from C-dams (p = 0.05). The high-fat-diet caused pronounced hepatic steatosis in pups at weaning (p < 0.001), without concomitant ceramide accumulation, while high-fat-feeding after weaning induced triacylglycerol and ceramide accumulation (p < 0.01), regardless of maternal diet.; Design Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (20% w/w) or a control diet (chow, C) from 10 days before pregnancy and throughout lactation. At weaning the litters were split into two groups; one was continued on the maternal diet and the other was fed low-fat chow. Sample Skeletal muscle mitochondria and liver lipids.; Methods Mitochondrial respiration and hepatic lipid content were determined during and after weaning, on days 20 and 70 postpartum. Main outcome measures Mitochondrial function and hepatic lipids.; Objective Maternal high-fat intake during pregnancy may have long-term consequences in the offspring. Since this might relate to the capacity of mitochondrial metabolic adaptation and hepatic lipid metabolism, we investigated how maternal high-fat intake affected mitochondrial function and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. © 2014 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome as a Paradigm for Prehypertension, Prediabetes, and Preobesity; The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a hyperandrogenic disorder affecting 5–10 % of premenopausal women. These patients gather multiple cardiovascular risk factors from early ages. Hence, PCOS is currently considered a paradigm of cardiometabolic disease. Research about its pathogenesis has grown over the last years, covering from the potential fetal developmental programming to the molecular basis of adipose tissue dysfunction, insulin resistance, inflammation, oxidative stress, sympathetic hyperactivity, and endothelial dysfunction. All these abnormalities put these patients at an increased risk of vascular events. Thus, practitioners attending these women must have a broad pathophysiological knowledge of PCOS. We here review recent scientific insights about its cardiometabolic phenotype focusing on the pathogenesis of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. We emphasize that a diagnosis of PCOS, especially if accompanied by excess weight, must be followed by a complete and periodical cardiometabolic evaluation and by the aggressive management of the abnormalities identified, with the aim of preventing future cardiovascular morbidity. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Lower fasting muscle mitochondrial activity relates to hepatic steatosis in humans; OBJECTIVE Muscle insulin resistance has been implicated in the development of steatosis and dyslipidemia by changing the partitioning of postprandial substrate fluxes. Also, insulin resistance may be due to reduced mitochondrial function. We examined the association between mitochondrial activity, insulin sensitivity, and steatosis in a larger human population. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We analyzed muscle mitochondrial activity from ATP synthase flux (fATP) and ectopic lipids by multinuclei magnetic resonance spectroscopy from 113 volunteers with and without diabetes. Insulin sensitivity was assessed from M values using euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps and/or from oral glucose insulin sensitivity(OGIS) using oral glucose tolerance tests. RESULTS Muscle fATP correlated negatively with hepatic lipid content and HbA1c. After model adjustment for study effects and other confounders, fATP showed a strong negative correlation with hepatic lipid content and a positive correlation with insulin sensitivity and fasting C-peptide. The negative correlation of muscle fATPwith age, HbA1c, and plasma free fatty acids was weakened after adjustment. Body mass, muscle lipid contents, plasma lipoproteins, and triglycerides did not associate with fATP. CONCLUSIONS The association of impaired muscle mitochondrial activity with hepatic steatosis supports the concept of a close link between altered muscle and liver energy metabolism as early abnormalities promoting insulin resistance. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Effects of four week progressive resistance training on plasma FABP4 and lipid profile concentrations in diabetic rats; Introduction: FABP4 (A-FABP or aP2) is a member of the fatty acid-binding protein family that plays an essential regulatory role in energy metabolism and inflammation. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of resistance training with progressive load on plasma levels of FABP4 and the lipid profile in Streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Materials and Methods: Twenty four male Wister rats (12-14 weeks old) were randomly divided into three groups: Non-diabetic control, diabetic control, and diabetic training. Rats in the diabetic training group were subjected to a resistance training program (3 days/wk, for 4 wk), which consisted of climbing a ladder while carrying a load suspended from the tail. Plasma levels of glucose, FABP4 and lipid profiles, as well as liver cholesterol and triglycerides were measured. Results: Plasma FABP4 concentration in the diabetic control group was significantly lower compared with non-diabetic controls and diabetic training groups respectively, (P=0.016 and P<0.001). We did not find any significant difference in plasma lipid profiles between the groups. The amount of liver triglycerides in the diabetic training group was significantly lower compared with the non-diabetic control group (P=0.020). Conclusions: Results indicated that 4 weeks resistance training decreases liver triglycerides, and increases plasma FABP4 concentrations in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats. Further research is needed to elucidate the physiological significance of circulating FABP4 levels.
Acute renal failure in pregnancy: Causes not due to pre-eclampsia; General Acute renal failure is now a rare but serious complication of pregnancy. In early pregnancy, acute renal failure is associated with septic abortion (a complication now largely confined to the developing world) and dehydration related to hyperemesis gravidarum. Around the time of delivery, acute renal failure is most commonly caused by gestational syndromes such as pre-eclampsia and placental abruption (Box 14.1). Pregnancy is, however, a prothrombotic state, associated with heightened inflammation and major changes to the vascular endothelium, in particular the glomerular capillary endothelium. These physiological changes predispose pregnant women to acute glomerular capillary thrombosis. Whereas nonpregnant patients who suffer an acute pre-renal insult, such as haemorrhage, dehydration or septic shock, may develop transient acute tubular necrosis if not adequately treated, the same pre-renal insult in pregnancy is more likely to develop into renal cortical necrosis with permanent renal impairment. This is even more likely to occur if a pre-renal insult coexists with a pregnancy-related condition that induces a consumptive coagulopathy and/or endothelial damage, for instance pre-eclampsia. The principles of management are aimed at identification and correction of the precipitating insult and optimising fluid resuscitation, which is best guided by monitoring the central venous pressure and ideally pulmonary artery wedge pressure. If oliguria persists despite euvolaemia, with deteriorating renal function or fluid overload, then fluid restriction followed by renal replacement therapy is indicated. © 2008 The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
A review on the molecular mechanisms involved in insulin resistance induced by organophosphorus pesticides; There is increasing evidence reporting that organophosphorus pesticides (OPs) impair glucose homeostasis and cause insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance is a complex metabolic disorder that defies explanation by a single etiological pathway. Formation of advanced glycation end products, accumulation of lipid metabolites, activation of inflammatory pathways and oxidative stress have all been implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Ultimately, these molecular processes activate a series of stress pathways involving a family of serine kinases, which in turn have a negative effect on insulin signaling. Experimental and clinical data suggest an association between these molecular mechanisms and OPs compounds. It was first reported that OPs induce hyperglycemia. Then a concomitant increase of blood glucose and insulin was pointed out. For some years only, we have begun to understand that OPs promote insulin resistance and increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Overall, this review outlines various mechanisms that lead to the development of insulin resistance by OPs exposure. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Exercise induced adipokine changes and the metabolic syndrome; The lack of adequate physical activity and obesity created a worldwide pandemic. Obesity is characterized by the deposition of adipose tissue in various parts of the body; it is now evident that adipose tissue also acts as an endocrine organ capable of secreting many cytokines that are though to be involved in the pathophysiology of obesity, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome. Adipokines, or adipose tissue-derived proteins, play a pivotal role in this scenario. Increased secretion of proinflammatory adipokines leads to a chronic inflammatory state that is accompanied by insulin resistance and glucose intolerance. Lifestyle change in terms of increased physical activity and exercise is the best nonpharmacological treatment for obesity since these can reduce insulin resistance, counteract the inflammatory state, and improve the lipid profile. There is growing evidence that exercise exerts its beneficial effects partly through alterations in the adipokine profile; that is, exercise increases secretion of anti-inflammatory adipokines and reduces proinflammatory cytokines. In this paper we briefly describe the pathophysiologic role of four important adipokines (adiponectin, leptin, TNF- α, and IL-6) in the metabolic syndrome and review some of the clinical trials that monitored these adipokines as a clinical outcome before and after exercise. © 2014 Saeid Golbidi and Ismail Laher.
Vitamin D deficiency in chronic liver disease; Vitamin D is an important secosteroid hormone with known effect on calcium homeostasis, but recently there is increasing recognition that vitamin D also is involved in cell proliferation and differentiation, has immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory properties. Vitamin D deficiency has been frequently reported in many causes of chronic liver disease and has been associated with the development and evolution of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and chronic hepatitis C (CHC) virus infection. The role of vitamin D in the pathogenesis of NAFLD and CHC is not completely known, but it seems that the involvement of vitamin D in the activation and regulation of both innate and adaptive immune systems and its antiproliferative effect may explain its importance in these liver diseases. Published studies provide evidence for routine screening for hypovitaminosis D in patients with liver disease. Further prospectives studies demonstrating the impact of vitamin D replacement in NAFLD and CHC are required. © 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Inc.
The inflammatory status score including IL-6, TNF-α, osteopontin, fractalkine, MCP-1 and adiponectin underlies whole-body insulin resistance and hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus; A state of subclinical systemic inflammation is characteristically present in obesity/insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of the study was to develop an integrated measure of the circulating cytokines involved in the subclinical systemic inflammation and evaluate its relation with whole-body insulin sensitivity and glucose metabolism in T2DM. T2DM patients (n = 17, M/F 13/4, age = 55.0 ± 1.7 years, BMI = 33.5 ± 1.5 kg/m2, HbA1c = 7.7 ± 0.3 %) and normal glucose-tolerant (NGT) subjects (n = 15, M/F 7/8, age = 49.1 ± 2.5 years, BMI = 31.8 ± 1.2 kg/m2, HbA1c = 5.6 ± 0.1 %) were studied in a cross-sectional design. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was quantified by the euglycemic clamp. Beta-cell function [disposition index (DI)] was calculated using insulin and glucose values derived from an oral glucose tolerance test and the euglycemic clamp. Body fat mass was evaluated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Plasma cytokine [TNF-α, IL-6, MCP-1, osteopontin, fractalkine and adiponectin] values were divided into quintiles. A score ranging from 0 (lowest quintile) to 4 (highest quintile) was assigned. The inflammatory score (IS) was the sum of each cytokine score from which adiponectin score was subtracted in each study subject. Inflammatory cytokine levels were all higher in T2DM. IS was higher in T2DM as compared to NGT (10.0 ± 1.1 vs. 4.8 ± 0.8; p < 0.001). IS positively correlated with fasting plasma glucose (r = 0.638, p < 0.001), 1-h plasma glucose (r = 0.483, p = 0.005), 2-h plasma glucose (r = 0.611, p < 0.001) and HbA1c (r = 0.469, p = 0.007). IS was inversely correlated with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.478, p = 0.006) and DI (r = -0.523, p = 0.002). IS did not correlate with BMI and body fat mass. IS was an independent predictor of fasting plasma glucose and had a high sensibility and sensitivity to predict insulin resistance (M/I < 4). A state of subclinical inflammation defined and quantifiable by inflammatory score including TNF-α, IL-6, MCP-1, osteopontin, fractalkine and adiponectin is associated with both hyperglycemia and whole-body insulin resistance in T2DM. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Italia.
Developmental programming by maternal insulin resistance: Hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, and dysregulated lipid metabolism in male offspring of insulin-resistant mice; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with obesity and diabetes risk in offspring. We tested whether maternal insulin resistance, which frequently coexists with GDM and obesity, could independently contribute to dysregulation of offspring metabolism. Female mice haploinsufficient for insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1-het) are hyperinsulinemic and insulin resistant during pregnancy, despite normal plasma glucose and body weight, and thus serve as a model of isolated maternal insulin resistance. Wild-type (WT) offspring of IRS1-het dams insulin resistance-exposed [IRexposed] were compared with WT offspring of WT dams. Despite no differences in adiposity, male IRexposed pups were glucose intolerant (P = 0.04) and hyperinsulinemic (1.3-fold increase, P = 0.02) by 1 month of age and developed progressive fasting hyperglycemia. Moreover, male IR-exposed pups challenged with high-fat diet exhibited insulin resistance. Liver lipidomic analysis of 3-week-old IR-exposed males revealed increases in the 16:1n7 fraction of several lipid classes, suggesting increased Scd1 activity. By 6 months of age, IRexposed males had increased lipid accumulation in liver as well as increased plasma refed fatty acids, consistent with disrupted lipid metabolism. Our results indicate that isolated maternal insulin resistance, even in the absence of hyperglycemia or obesity, can promote metabolic perturbations in male offspring. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Acute abdomen during pregnancy; This book will help the reader to recognize, diagnose, and treat most of the acute abdominal disorders that may be encountered in the pregnant patient, whether associated with or incidental to the pregnancy. A wide range of conditions are addressed, including some which are very rare as well as those more frequently seen, such as acute appendicitis and acute cholecystitis. The principles underlying diagnosis and therapy are clearly explained. Particular features in the clinical presentation of pregnant patients are highlighted, and specific diagnostic and therapeutic algorithms and protocols, described. Attention is drawn to the diagnostic difficulties that may arise from atypical presentations and to restrictions on the use of certain diagnostic imaging studies. The book is designed to meet the needs of both the gynecologist and the general or abdominal surgeon, who together form the multidisciplinary team mandatory for effective treatment that will safeguard mother and baby. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014. All rights are reserved.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in early life resulted from perinatal bisphenol A exposure contributes to hepatic steatosis in rat offspring; An emerging literature suggests that bisphenol A (BPA), a widespread endocrine disrupting chemical, when exposure occurs in early life, may increase the risk of metabolic syndrome. In this study, we investigated the hypothesis that perinatal exposure to BPA predisposed offspring to fatty liver disease: the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome, and its possible mechanism. Pregnant Wistar rats were administered with BPA (40. μg/kg/day) or vehicle during gestation and lactation. Liver histology, biochemical analysis, transcriptome, and mitochondrial function were examined in male offspring at postnatal 3, 15 and 26 weeks. At 3 weeks of age, abnormal liver morphology and function were not observed in the BPA-exposed offspring, but a decrease in mitochondrial respiratory complex (MRC) activity (I and III) and significant changes in gene expression involved in mitochondrial fatty acid metabolism were observed compared with controls. At 15 weeks, micro-vesicular steatosis in liver, up-regulated genes involved in lipogenesis pathways, increased ROS generation and Cytc release were observed in the BPA-exposed offspring. Then, extensive fatty accumulation in liver and elevated serum ALT were observed in BPA-exposed offspring at 26 weeks. In the longitudinal observation, hepatic mitochondrial function including MRC activity, ATP production, ROS generation and mitochondrial membrane potential were progressively worsened in the BPA-exposed offspring. Perinatal BPA exposure contributes to the development of hepatic steatosis in the offspring of rats, which may be mediated through impaired hepatic mitochondrial function and up-regulated hepatic lipid metabolism. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Maternal high-fat diet consumption modulates hepatic lipid metabolism and microRNA-122 (miR-122) and microRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in offspring; Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and lactation is closely related to hepatic lipid accumulation, insulin resistance and increased serum cytokine levels in offspring and into their adulthood. MicroRNA (miRNA) have been implicated in cholesterol biosynthesis and fatty acid metabolism. We evaluated the modulation of hepatic fatty acid synthesis (de novo), β-oxidation pathways, and miRNA-122 (miR-122) and miRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in recently weaned offspring (day 28) of mouse dams fed a HFD (HFD-O) or a standard chow (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. Compared with SC-O mice, HFD-O mice weighed more, had a larger adipose tissue mass and were more intolerant to glucose and insulin (P< 0·05). HFD-O mice also presented more levels of serum cholesterol, TAG, NEFA and hepatic IκB kinase and c-Jun N-terminal kinase phosphorylation compared with SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Protein levels of fatty acid synthase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase and 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase were similar in HFD-O and SC-O mice, whereas expression levels of SCD1 mRNA and protein were more abundant in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Interestingly, mRNA expression levels of the β-oxidation-related genes ACADVL and CPT1 were decreased in HFD-O mice (P< 0·05). Furthermore, the expression of miR-122 was reduced but that of miR-370 was increased in HFD-O mice compared with that in SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Changes in hepatic lipid metabolism were accompanied by increased mRNA content of AGPAT1 and TAG deposition in HFD-O mice (P< 0·05). Taken together, the present results strongly suggest that maternal consumption of a HFD affects the early lipid metabolism of offspring by modulating the expression of hepatic β-oxidation-related genes and miRNA that can contribute to metabolic disturbances in adult life. © The Authors 2014.
Predominant role of GIP in the development of a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype in female wistar rats submitted to forced catch-up growth; Catch-up growth has been associated with the appearance of metabolic dysfunctions such as obesity and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Because the entero-insular axis is critical to glucose homeostasis control, we explored the relevance of the incretins glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) in the development of these pathologies. Offspring of rat dams fed ad libitum (control [C]) or 65% food-restricted during pregnancy and suckling time (undernourished [U]) were weaned onto a high-fat (HF) diet (CHF and UHF, respectively) to drive catch-up growth. Both male and female UHF rats showed an obese phenotype characterized by hyperphagy, visceral fat accumulation, and adipocyte hypertrophy. High-fat diet induced deterioration of glucose tolerance in a sex-dependent manner. Female UHF rats experienced much more severe glucose intolerance than males, which was not compensated by insulin hypersecretion, suggesting insulin resistance, asshownby homeostaticmodelassessment of insulin resistance values. Moreover, female, but not male, UHF rats displayed enhanced GIP but not GLP-1 secretion during oral glucose tolerance test. Administration of the GIP receptor antagonist (Pro3)GIP to UHF female rats over 21 days markedly reduced visceral fat mass and adipocyte hypertrophy without variations in food intake or body weight. These changes were accompanied by improvement of glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. In conclusion, the exacerbated production and secretion of GIP after the catch-up growth seems to represent the stimulus for insulin hypersecretion and insulin resistance, ultimately resulting in derangement of glucose homeostasis. Overall, these data evidence the role of GIP as a critical link between catch-up growth and the development of metabolic disturbances. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society.
Past and future corollaries of theories on causes of metabolic syndrome and obesity related co-morbidities part 2: A composite unifying theory review of human-specific co-adaptations to brain energy consumption; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) predicts type II diabetes mellitus (TIIDM), cardiovascular disease (CVD) and cancer, and their rates have escalated over the last few decades. Obesity related co-morbidities also overlap the concept of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, understanding of the syndrome's underlying causes may have been misapprehended. The current paper follows on from a theory review by McGill, A-T in Archives of Public Health, 72: 30. This accompanying paper utilises research on human evolution and new biochemistry to theorise on why MetS and obesity arise and how they affect the population. The basis of this composite unifying theory is that the proportionately large, energy-demanding human brain may have driven co-adaptive mechanisms to provide, or conserve, energy for the brain. A 'dual system' is proposed. 1) The enlarged, complex cortico-limbic-striatal system increases dietary energy by developing strong neural self-reward/motivation pathways for the acquisition of energy dense food, and (2) the nuclear factor-erythroid 2-related factor 2 (NRF2) cellular protection system amplifies antioxidant, antitoxicant and repair activity by employing plant chemicals. In humans who consume a nutritious diet, the NRF2 system has become highly energy efficient. Other relevant human-specific co-adaptations are explored. In order to 'test' this composite unifying theory it is important to show that the hypothesis and sub-theories pertain throughout the whole of human evolution and history up till the current era. Corollaries of the composite unifying theory of MetS are examined with respect to past under-nutrition and malnutrition since agriculture began 10,000 years ago. The effects of man-made pollutants on degenerative change are examined. Projections are then made from current to future patterns on the state of 'insufficient micronutrient and/or unbalanced high energy malnutrition with central obesity and metabolic dysregulation' or 'malnubesity'. Forecasts on human health are made on positive, proactive strategies using the composite unifying theory, and are extended to the wider human ecology of food production. A comparison is made with the outlook for humans if current assumptions and the status quo on causes and treatments are maintained. Areas of further research are outlined. A table of suggestions for possible public health action is included. Forward: A composite unifying theory on causes of obesity related-MetS has been formulated and published in an accompanying article (1). In the current article, the historical and recent past, present and future corollaries of this theory are discussed. By presenting this composite theory and corollaries, it is hoped that human evolution and physiology will be viewed and studied from a new vantage point. The politics of management of ecological farming and nutrition will change, a profound reconfiguration of scientific theory generation and advancement in a 'high-tech' world can be made, and pathways for solutions recognised. © 2014 McGill.
Long term intake of 0.1% ethanol decreases serum adiponectin by suppressing PPARγ expression via p38 MAPK pathway; Light alcohol consumption was reported to be negatively associated with insulin resistance and risk of cardiovascular diseases; however, the results were inconsistent. We here investigate whether long term intake of low-concentration ethanol can affect adiponectin levels. Male Wistar rats were exposed to 0.1% ethanol in drinking water for 26. weeks. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) was cultured and treated with ethanol, SB203580, GW9662, or rosiglitazone. Adiponectin in serum and culture supernatant were measured by ELISA, mRNA levels of adiponectin and PPARγ were determined by RT-PCR, and protein expressions of PPARγ, p38 MAPK and phospho-p38 MAPK were determined by Western blot. In vivo, ethanol decreased the mRNA of adiponectin in VAT and serum adiponectin significantly. Decreased PPARγ and increased activation of p38 MAPK were observed in ethanol treated group. In vitro, SB203580 increased the adiponectin and PPARγ levels in normal DMEM cultured VAT and ameliorated ethanol-induced decrease of adiponectin and PPARγ expressions. GW9662 also decreased the adiponectin levels; Both ethanol and GW9662 weakened the rosiglitazone-induced elevation of adiponectin levels in cultured VAT. These data suggest that long term intake of 0.1% ethanol down-regulated adiponectin levels, and the regulation of PPARγ via p38 MAPK pathway plays an important role in the mechanism underneath. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Detection of volatile malodorous compounds in breath: Current analytical techniques and implications in human disease; For the last few decades intense scientific research has been placed on the relationship between trace substances found in exhaled breath such as volatile organic compounds (VOC) and a wide range of local or systemic diseases. Although currently there is no general consensus, results imply that VOC have a different profile depending on the organ or disease that generates them. The association between a specific pathology and exhaled breath odor is particularly evident in patients with medical conditions such as liver, renal or oral diseases. In other cases the unpleasant odors can be associated with the whole body and have a genetic underlying cause. The present review describes the current advances in identifying and quantifying VOC used as biomarkers for a number of systemic diseases. A special focus will be placed on volatiles that characterize unpleasant breath 'fingerprints' such as fetor hepaticus; uremic fetor; fetor ex ore or trimethylaminuria. © 2014 Future Science Ltd.
Estrogen receptors are pivotal regulators of glucose uptake and energy expenditure; Glucose is the most important fuel of mammalian cells and its uptake is crucial for cellular metabolism, differentiation, survival and proliferation. The insulin signaling pathway regulates the uptake of glucose and whole-body metabolic homeostasis by transducing extracellular signals through the insulin receptor (IR) to downstream intracellular targets. Dysregulation of insulin secretion or alterations of IR signal transduction pathways is associated with self-generating, progressive insulin resistance in thorough interplay with an imbalance of sexual steroid production. Insulin resistance and the associated metabolic and hormonal alterations predispose patients to a variety of life threatening diseases; such as metabolic syndrome, type-2 diabetes, cardiovascular lesions and malignancies at different sites. Estrogens have beneficial effects on energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis by several pathways. In the central nervous system, hypothalamic nuclei are the pivotal regulators of food intake and energy expenditure by means of their estrogen receptors (ERs). In the pancreatic islet cells, ERs advantageously regulate the biosynthesis and secretion of insulin and maintain the equilibrium of glycogen synthesis and glycogenolysis in the liver by the balanced activation of glycogen synthase and glycolytic enzymes. In the peripheral tissues, ERs advantageously modulate the insulin stimulated glucose uptake through regulation of the phosphorylation of IR protein and increase the expression and translocation of intracellular glucose transporters (GLUTs). There are strict crosstalks and feedback mechanisms between estrogen synthesis and ER signaling; however, pathologic states may develop when the interactions of these players cannot restore each other's defect. Failures of ER signal transduction result in disturbances in cellular glucose uptake and the appearance of clinical biomarkers, forecasting manifestation of serious diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, cognitive disturbances and malignancies. © 2014 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Essentials of pathophysiology: Concepts of altered health states: Fourth Edition; Prepare your students for their future careers with Essentials of Pathophysiology: Concepts of Altered Health States, 4/e. This clear, readable, and student-friendly text delivers "need to know" disease content, along with the essential foundation in science that nursing, physician assistant, pharmacology, advanced health science, and medical students need to succeed in their future careers. Approaching the topic as an exploration of pathophysiology, the book relates normal body functioning to the physiologic changes that occur as a result of disease and provides concise yet complete coverage of how the body works. The Fourth Edition builds on the book's extremely successful art program and the "Understanding" feature and incorporates summary concept boxes after each section. In addition, an expanded, robust, and flexible suite of supplements, including a Study Guide, over 40 advanced 3-D animations, prepU, and Lippincott's CoursePoint, provide students with all the tools they need to succeed. Student Resources: • Learning Objectives for each chapter provide an outline of key content that must be mastered. • Journal Articles by chapter, updated for this edition, offer access to current research available in LWW journals. • Concepts in Action Animations for every chapter help students master key topics. • New! More than 40 Advanced, 3-D Narrated Animations help students master complex athophysiological concepts. • A Spanish-English Audio Glossary provides terms and phrases for communicating with patients in Spanish. • Monographs of the most commonly prescribed drugs provide up-to-date information. • 600 NCLEX-style Review Questions help students improve their test-taking skills and prepare for the NCLEX. • A Dosage Calculations Question & Review Question Bank gives students practice in math skills and calculating drug dosages and reinforce key topics of the course. Instructor Resources: • PowerPoint presentations make it easy for you to integrate the textbook with your students' classroom experience, via either handouts or slide shows. • Guided Lecture Notes walk you through the chapters, objective by objective, and provide corresponding PowerPoint numbers. • Discussion Topics (and suggested answers) can be used as a conversation starter or in online discussion boards. • Assignments (and suggested answers) include group, written, clinical, and Web assignments. • Case Studies (with related questions and suggested answers) give your students an opportunity to apply their knowledge to a client case similar to what they will encounter in practice. • Journal Articles, updated for this edition, offer access to research available in LWW journals. • Answers to Review Exercises in the Book are provided for your convenience. • Pre-Lecture Quizzes (and answers) are quick, knowledge-based assessments that allow you to check students' reading. • Learning Objectives for each chapter allow you to assess your students' mastery of key skills. • A QSEN Map demonstrates how the text supports QSEN competencies and their relationship to excellent clinical practice. • A Sample Syllabus provides guidance for structuring your course. • Concepts in Action Animations and Advanced 3-D Narrated Animations are provided to enhance your lectures. To further support your course, the Fourth Edition is accompanied by a Study Guide, prepU, and new to this edition, Lippincott CoursePoint, a digital curriculum solution that integrates adaptive learning powered by prepU with access to personalized, perfectly timed remediation built on trusted content. Each product in the suite can be purchased separately or packaged with the main text. © 2015 by Wolters Kluwer. All rights reserved.
Diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is a disease diagnosed by fasting hyperglycemia that results from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action, or both. Impact of diabetes mellitus on the economy of the United States is overwhelming as an estimated 25.8 million people or 8.3% of the population have diabetes mellitus. This incidence of the disease has doubled since 1980. As diabetes is the leading cause of new renal failure, blindness, and nontraumatic lower-limb amputations, as well as a major contributor to heart disease, stroke, and complications of pregnancy, it is not surprising that costs were estimated in 2007 at $174 billion. The adverse effects of the twin epidemics of obesity and diabetes are expected to rise, unless we develop effective therapeutic and preventive strategies. This chapter reviews the development and pathophysiology of diabetes and discusses therapeutic and preventive value of diet and exercise against this disease. © 2014 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Definition of intervention points in prediabetes; With respect to clinical phenotype and pathophysiology, prediabetes is akin to diabetes. Prediabetes is prevalent in the global population, and those affected are at high risk of progression to overt diabetes, and also at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Progression to diabetes can occur because of worsening insulin resistance, β-cell dysfunction, or both, but the timecourse can be non-linear and, therefore, unpredictable. Intervention-by lifestyle modification, glucose-lowering drugs, or a combination-can postpone deterioration of glucose control, but effects of intervention are variable and can be transient. Furthermore, to what extent interventions can reduce cardiovascular risk is uncertain. Lifestyle intervention mainly hinges on weight loss; as such, risk of failure in the long-term is high, and implementation at the community level is difficult. The ideal candidate for intervention is an individual with prediabetes-identified by targeted screening-with many well documented cardiovascular risk factors, and who is highly motivated to initiate and maintain multifactorial risk-control using a personalised mix of lifestyle-adaptation and pharmacological treatment. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Is Alzheimer's disease related to metabolic syndrome? A Wnt signaling conundrum; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common cause of dementia, affecting more than 36 million people worldwide. AD is characterized by a progressive loss of cognitive functions. For years, it has been thought that age is the main risk factor for AD. Recent studies suggest that life style factors, including nutritional behaviors, play a critical role in the onset of dementia. Evidence about the relationship between nutritional behavior and AD includes the role of conditions such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia and elevated glucose levels. The coexistence of some of these cardio-metabolic risk factors is generally known as metabolic syndrome (MS). Some clinical studies support the role of MS in the onset of AD. However, the cross-talk between the molecular signaling implicated in these disorders is unknown. In the present review, we focus on the molecular correlates that support the relationship between MS and the onset of AD. We also discuss relevant issues such as the role of leptin, insulin and renin-angiotensin signaling in the brain and the possible role of Wnt signaling in both MS and AD. We discuss the evidence supporting the use of ob/. ob mice, high-fructose diets, aortic coarctation-induced hypertension and Octodon degus, which spontaneously develops β-amyloid deposits and metabolic derangements, as suitable animal models to address the relationships between MS and AD. Finally, we examine emergent data supporting the role of Wnt signaling in the modulation of AD and MS, implicating this pathway as a therapeutic target in both conditions. © 2014 .
Maternal nutritional history modulates the hepatic IGF-IGFBP axis in adult male rat offspring; Alterations in early life nutrition lead to an increased risk of obesity and metabolic syndrome in offspring. We have shown that both relative maternal under-nutrition (UN) and maternal obesity result in metabolic derangements in offspring, independent of the postnatal dietary environment. Since insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) has been shown to be independently associated with obesity and diabetes risk, we examined the IGF-IGFBP axis in male rat offspring following either maternal UN or maternal obesity to explain possible common pathways in the development of metabolic disorders. Wistar rats were time-mated and fed either a control diet (CONT), 50 % of CONT (UN) or a high-fat (HF) diet throughout pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned onto a standard chow diet and blood and tissues were collected at postnatal day 160. Plasma and hepatic tissue samples were analysed for key players in the IGF-IGFBP system. Both maternal UN and HF resulted in increased fat mass, hyperinsulinemia, hyperleptinemia and altered blood lipid profiles in offspring compared to CONT. Circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP3 levels and hepatic mRNA expression of IGFBP1 and IGFBP2 were significantly decreased in UN and HF offspring compared to CONT. DNA methylation of the IGFBP2 promotor region was similar between maternal dietary groups. Although chaperone gene heat-shock protein 90 and hepatic IGFBP1 were significantly correlated in CONT offspring this effect was absent in both UN and HF offspring. In conclusion, this study is one of the first to directly compare two experimental models of developmental programming representing both ends of the maternal dietary spectrum. Our data suggest that two disparate nutritional models that elicit similar adverse metabolic phenotypes in offspring are characterised by common alterations in the IGF-IGFBP pathway. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013.
Hepatitis B and C in pregnancy: A review and recommendations for care; Our objective was to provide a comprehensive review of the current knowledge regarding pregnancy and hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection as well as recent efforts to reduce the rate of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). Maternal infection with either HBV or HCV has been linked to adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes, including MTCT. MTCT for HBV has been reduced to approximately 5% overall in countries including the US that have instituted postpartum neonatal HBV vaccination and immunoprophylaxis with hepatitis B immune globulin. However, the rate of transmission of HBV to newborns is nearly 30% when maternal HBV levels are greater than 200 000 IU ml-1 (>6 log 10 copies ml-1). For these patients, new guidelines from the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) and the Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver (APASL) indicate that, in addition to neonatal vaccination and immunoprophylaxis, treating with antiviral agents such as tenofovir disoproxil fumarate or telbivudine during pregnancy beginning at 32 weeks of gestation is safe and effective in preventing MTCT. In contrast to HBV, no therapeutic agents are yet available or recommended to further decrease the risk of MTCT of HCV, which remains 3 to 10%. HCV MTCT can be minimized by avoiding fetal scalp electrodes and birth trauma whenever possible. Young women with HCV should be referred for treatment post delivery, and neonates should be closely followed to rule out infection. New, better-tolerated treatment regimens for HCV are now available, which should improve outcomes for all infected individuals. © 2014 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved.
Performance and limitations of steatosis biomarkers in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background Several steatosis biomarkers are available with limited independent validation.; Aim To determine diagnostic value and limitations of several steatosis biomarkers using liver biopsy as reference standard in a large cohort of patients with suspected NAFLD.; Methods Three hundred and twenty-four consecutive liver biopsies were included. Histological steatosis was categorised as none (<5%), mild (5-33%), moderate (33-66%) and severe (>66%). Five steatosis biomarkers were measured: fatty liver index (FLI), NAFLD liver fat score (NAFLD-LFS), hepatic steatosis index (HSI), visceral adiposity index (VAI) and triglyceride × glucose (TyG) index.; Results Steatosis grades prevalence was: none 5%, mild 39%, moderate 30% and severe 27%. Except for VAI, the steatosis biomarkers showed a linear trend across the steatosis grades. However, their correlation with the histological amount of steatosis was only weak-moderate. All steatosis biomarkers had an adequate diagnostic accuracy for the presence of steatosis: AUROCs for FLI, LFS, HSI, VAI and TyG were 0.83, 0.80, 0.81, 0.92 and 0.90. However, their ability to quantify steatosis was poor: none of them distinguished between moderate and severe steatosis and the AUROCs for predicting steatosis >33% were 0.65, 0.72, 0.65, 0.59 and 0.59 for FLI, LFS, HSI, VAI and TyG. Both fibrosis and inflammation significantly confounded the association between steatosis biomarkers and steatosis. The steatosis biomarkers were all correlated with HOMA-IR, independent from histological steatosis.; Conclusions All five steatosis biomarkers can diagnose steatosis and are correlated with insulin resistance. They are confounded by fibrosis and inflammation, and do not accurately quantify steatosis; this may limit their clinical utility. More research is needed to identify truly independent and quantitative markers of steatosis. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Regulation of energy metabolism by the skeleton: Osteocalcin and beyond; The skeleton has recently emerged as an endocrine organ implicated in the regulation of glucose and energy metabolism. This function of bone is mediated, at least in part, by osteocalcin, an osteoblast-derived protein acting as a hormone stimulating insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and energy expenditure. Osteocalcin secretion and bioactivity is in turn regulated by several hormonal cues including insulin, leptin, the sympathetic nervous system and glucocorticoids. Recent findings support the notion that osteocalcin functions and regulations are conserved between mice and humans. Moreover, studies in mice suggest that osteocalcin could represent a viable therapeutic approach for the treatment of obesity and insulin resistance. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge on osteocalcin functions, its various modes of action and the mechanisms implicated in the control of this hormone. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal nutrition induces pervasive gene expression changes but no detectable DNA methylation differences in the liver of adult offspring; Aims: Epidemiological and animal studies have shown that maternal diet can influence metabolism in adult offspring. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying these changes remain poorly understood. Here, we characterize the phenotypes induced by maternal obesity in a mouse model and examine gene expression and epigenetic changes induced by maternal diet in adult offspring. Methods: We analyzed genetically identical male mice born from dams fed a high- or low-fat diet throughout pregnancy and until day 21 postpartum. After weaning, half of the males of each group were fed a high-fat diet, the other half a low-fat diet. We first characterized the genome-wide gene expression patterns of six tissues of adult offspring - liver, pancreas, white adipose, brain, muscle and heart. We then measured DNA methylation patterns in liver at selected loci and throughout the genome. Results: Maternal diet had a significant effect on the body weight of the offspring when they were fed an obesogenic diet after weaning. Our analyses showed that maternal diet had a pervasive effect on gene expression, with a pronounced effect in liver where it affected many genes involved in inflammation, cholesterol synthesis and RXR activation. We did not detect any effect of the maternal diet on DNA methylation in the liver. Conclusions: Overall, our findings highlighted the persistent influence of maternal diet on adult tissue regulation and suggested that the transcriptional changes were unlikely to be caused by DNA methylation differences in adult liver. © 2014 Cannon et al.
Insulin sensitivity following exercise interventions: Systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes among healthy adults; Objective: Although exercise can improve insulin sensitivity, no adequate synthesis exists of exercise intervention studies with regard to their effect on insulin sensitivity. This comprehensive meta-analysis synthesized the insulin sensitivity outcomes of supervised exercise interventions. Method: Extensive literature searching located published and unpublished intervention studies that measured insulin sensitivity outcomes. Eligible studies tested supervised exercise interventions among healthy adults. Primary study characteristics and results were coded. Random-effects meta-analyses of standardized mean differences included moderator analyses. Results: Data were synthesized across 2509 subjects (115 samples, 78 reports). The overall mean effect size for 2-group postintervention comparisons was 0.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.25-0.51, I2 = 0%) and for 2-group pre–post comparisons was 0.43 (95% CI = 0.30-0.56, I2 = 52%; higher mean insulin sensitivity for treatment than control subjects). The postintervention mean of 0.38 is consistent with treatment subjects ending studies with a mean fasting insulin of 6.8 mU/L if control participants’ mean fasting insulin were 7.9 mU/L. Exploratory moderator analyses did not document different insulin sensitivity effect sizes across intervention characteristics or sample attributes. Conclusion: This study documented that exercise is a valuable primary care and community health strategy for healthy adults to improve insulin sensitivity and lower the risk for diabetes conferred by insulin resistance. © 2014 The Author(s).
Methodological and metabolic considerations in the study of caffeine-containing energy drinks; Caffeine-containing energy drinks are popular and widely available beverages. Despite large increases in consumption, studies documenting the nutritional, metabolic, and health implications of these beverages are limited. This review provides some important methodological considerations in the examination of these drinks and highlights their potential impact on the gastrointestinal system, liver, and metabolic health. The gastrointestinal system is important as it comes into contact with the highest concentration of energy drink ingredients and initiates a chain of events to communicate with peripheral tissues. Although energy drinks have diverse compositions, including taurine, ginseng, and carnitine, the most metabolically deleterious ingredients appear to be simple sugars (such as glucose and fructose) and caffeine. In combination, these last two ingredients have the greatest metabolic impact and potential influence on overall health. © 2014 International Life Sciences Institute.
A review on the genetic, environmental, and lifestyle aspects of the early-life origins of cardiovascular disease; This article is a comprehensive review on developmental origins of health and disease regarding various factors related to the origins of cardiovascular diseases from early life. It presents a summary of the impacts of various factors such as epigenetics; gene-environment interaction; ethnic predisposition to cardiovascular diseases and their underlying risk factors; prenatal factors; fetal programming; maternal weight status and weight gain during pregnancy; type of feeding during infancy; growth pattern during childhood; obesity; stunting; socioeconomic status; dietary and physical activity habits; active, secondhand, and thirdhand smoking, as well as environmental factors including air pollution and global climate change on the development and progress of cardiovascular diseases and their risk factors. The importance of early identification of predisposing factors for cardiovascular diseases for primordial and primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases from early life is highlighted. © 2014 Mosby, Inc.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a very young population of femalespredisposed for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction might represent a sharedprecursor of both disorders. Hence, this study aimed to characterize endothelial biomarkers in relation to impairedinsulin sensitivity and progression to overt diabetes early after index pregnancy.Methods: 108 women with previous GDM and 40 controls were included three to six months after delivery andunderwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test andan oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes progression was assessed in females with pGDM over 10 years of follow-up.Circulating sICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), sVCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule-1) and sE-selectin,representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years.Results: Endothelial biomarkers were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity (sICAM-1: r = -0.23, p = 0.009;sVCAM-1: r = -0.22, p = 0.011; sE-selectin: r = -0.21, p = 0.018) as well as with GDM status and parameters of subtleinflammation. Analysis of long-term trajectories revealed constantly elevated sICAM-1 (p = 0.033) and sE-selectin(p = 0.007) in 25 subjects with diabetes progression. Accordingly, sE-selectin levels at the early post partum visitpredicted a later development of the disease (HR =1.02 95%CI 1.01 to 1.04, p = 0.013), however, this was attenuatedafter adjustment for BMI.Conclusions: Elevated circulating markers of endothelial dysfunction in young females with GDM history mightreflect an early stage on the pathway to the manifestation of future cardiometabolic disorders. Timely identificationof women at high risk and optimization of follow-up management might provide an opportunity to prevent diseaseprogression. © 2014 Göbl et al.
Veterans and agent orange: Update 2012; From 1962 to 1971, the US military sprayed herbicides over Vietnam to strip the thick jungle canopy that could conceal opposition forces, to destroy crops that those forces might depend on, and to clear tall grasses and bushes from the perimeters of US base camps and outlying fire-support bases. Mixtures of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D), 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T), picloram, and cacodylic acid made up the bulk of the herbicides sprayed. The main chemical mixture sprayed was Agent Orange, a 50:50 mixture of 2,4-D and 2,4,5-T. At the time of the spraying, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), the most toxic form of dioxin, was an unintended contaminant generated during the production of 2,4,5-T and so was present in Agent Orange and some other formulations sprayed in Vietnam. Because of complaints from returning Vietnam veterans about their own health and that of their children combined with emerging toxicologic evidence of adverse effects of phenoxy herbicides and TCDD, the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) was asked to perform a comprehensive evaluation of scientific and medical information regarding the health effects of exposure to Agent Orange, other herbicides used in Vietnam, and the various components of those herbicides, including TCDD. Updated evaluations are conducted every two years to review newly available literature and draw conclusions from the overall evidence.Veterans and Agent Orange: Update 2012 reviews peer-reviewed scientific reports concerning associations between health outcomes and exposure to TCDD and other chemicals in the herbicides used in Vietnam that were published in October 2010--September 2012 and integrates this information with the previously established evidence database. This report considers whether a statistical association with herbicide exposure exists, taking into account the strength of the scientific evidence and the appropriateness of the statistical and epidemiological methods used to detect the association; the increased risk of disease among those exposed to herbicides during service in the Republic of Vietnam during the Vietnam era; and whether there exists a plausible biological mechanism or other evidence of a causal relationship between herbicide exposure and the disease. © 2014 by the National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Diabetic cardiomyopathy and its prevention by Nrf2: Current status; Diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM), as one of the major cardiac complications in diabetic patients, is known to related with oxidative stress that is due to a severe imbalance between reactive oxygen species (ROS) and/or reactive nitrogen species (RNS) generation and their clearance by antioxidant defense systems. Transcription factor nuclear factor NF-E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) plays an important role in maintaining the oxidative homeostasis by regulating multiple downstream antioxidants. Diabetes may up-regulate several antioxidants in the heart as a compensative mechanism at early stage, but at late stage, diabetes not only generates extra ROS and/or RNS but also impairs antioxidant capacity in the heart, including Nrf2. In an early study, we have established that Nrf2 protect the cardiac cells and heart from high level of glucose in vitro and hyperglycemia in vivo, and in the following study demonstrated the significant down-regulation of cardiac Nrf2 expression in diabetic animals and patients. Using Nrf2-KO mice or Nrf2 inducers, blooming evidence has indicated the important protection by Nrf2 from cardiac pathogenesis in the diabetes. Therefore, this brief review summarizes the status of studies on Nrf2's role in preventing DCM and even other complications, the need for new and safe Nrf2 inducer screening and the precaution for the undesirable side of Nrf2 under certain conditions. © 2014 Korean Diabetes Association.
Pharmacologic therapy for cardiovascular risk reduction in patients with the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with a higher risk for both, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. The cornerstone of treatment is lifestyle modification, encompassing weight reduction and physical exercise. However, pharmacotherapy is usually also required to achieve the recommended target values for the various components of the MetS, such as hypertension, dysglycemia and dyslipidemia. Regarding lipid treatment, statins are the main therapeutic agents while in blood pressure control a significant amount of pathophysiological and clinical evidence would suggest the use, as first line agents, of ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. Metformin seems to be the drug of choice for dysglycemia, specially since recent evidence questions the safety of thiazolidinediones. New drugs, targeting multiple components of the MetS, are under development but no data are currently available regarding their long-term efficacy and safety profile. In general, a multifactorial approach is recommended to decrease cardiovascular risk in patients with the MetS. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Comparison of 25-hydroxy vitamin D3, Adiponectin and apolipoprotein A5 levels in subjects with different glucose tolerance and their correlation with blood lipid; This study aims to compare 25-hydroxy vitamin D3 (25(OH)D3), adiponectin (ADPN) and apolipoprotein A5 (apoA5) levels among subjects with different glucose tolerance and to explore their correlation with lipid metabolism. Subjects were divided into 98 cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM group), 87 cases of impaired glucose regulation (IGR group) and 100 cases of normal glucose tolerance (NGT group). 25(OH)D3, adiponectin (ADPN), apolipoprotein A5 (apoA5), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and blood lipid were estimated and analyzed. It was found that the levels of 25(OH)D3, ADPN, apoA5 and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in T2DM and IGR groups were lower than that of NGT group, while HbA1c, total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TG) and LDL-C levels were higher than that of NGT group (P<0.05). Levels of 25(OH)D3, ADPN, apoA5 and HDL-C in T2DM group were lower than that of IGR group. However, HbA1c, TC, TG and LDL-C levels were higher than that of IGR group (P<0.05). Therefore, low plasma levels of 25(OH)D3, ADPN and apoA5 may possibly be the risk factors for impaired glucose tolerance, thus the regulation of 25(OH)D3, ADPN, and apoA5 concentrations could be important in the prevention of dyslipidemia and T2DM. © 2014 Scientific Publishers of India. All Rights Reserved.
Role of human pregnane X receptor in high fat diet-induced obesity in pre-menopausal female mice; Obesity is a complex metabolic disorder that is more prevalent among women. Until now, the only relevant rodent models of diet-induced obesity were via the use of ovariectomized ("postmenopausal") females. However, recent reports suggest that the xenobiotic nuclear receptor pregnane X receptor (PXR) may contribute to obesity. Therefore, we compared the roles of mouse and human PXRs in diet-induced obesity between wild type (WT) and PXR-humanized (hPXR) transgenic female mice fed either control or high-fat diets (HFD) for 16 weeks. HFD-fed hPXR mice gained weight more rapidly than controls, exhibited hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Fundamental differences were observed between control-fed hPXR and WT females: hPXR mice possessed reduced estrogen receptor α (ERα) but enhanced uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) protein expression in white adipose tissue (WAT); increased protein expression of the hepatic cytochrome P450 3A11 (CYP3A11) and key gluconeogenic enzymes phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose 6-phosphatase, and increased total cholesterol. Interestingly, HFD ingestion induced both UCP1 and glucokinase protein expression in WT mice, but inhibited these enzymes in hPXR females. Unlike WT mice, CYP3A11 protein, serum 17β-estradiol levels, and WAT ERα expression were unaffected by HFD in hPXR females. Together, these studies indicate that the hPXR gene promotes obesity and metabolic syndrome by dysregulating lipid and glucose homeostasis while inhibiting UCP1 expression. Furthermore, our studies indicate that the human PXR suppresses the protective role of estrogen in metabolic disorders. Finally, these data identify PXR-humanized mice as a promising in vivo research model for studying obesity and diabetes in women. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
The role of reactive oxygen species in obesity therapeutics; Obesity is a major risk factor for multiple severe health conditions, including cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and cancer. It is often related to an increased risk of morbidity and mortality and, as it can be accompanied by non-fatal health problems, quality of life is seriously reduced due to related conditions including hypertension, sleep apnea, osteoarthritis, respiratory problems and infertility. Evidence suggests that oxidative stress is related to obesity and its complications. In obese patients, there is an increase in levels of reactive oxygen species and nitrogen species and antioxidant defenses are undermined in comparison to normal-weight counterparts. In addition, these parameters inversely correlate with central adiposity. In this review, the authors discuss current concepts concerning the relationship between obesity and oxidative stress and mitochondrial impairment. Potential interventions to improve redox balance are also explored. © Informa UK, Ltd.
Metformin and its current applications in the clinical setting; Metformin began to be used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2 in Europe in 1957 and in the United States in 1995. Recently this drug has been the mostly prescribed oral anti-hyperglycaemic agent all over the word. In 1998 the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes study demonstrated the anti-atherogenic effects of metformin and later it was discovered that the components of the syndrome of resistance to insulin (metabolic syndrome) were reduced with metformin. The Diabetic Prevention Program demonstrated the potential of metformin in the prevention of diabetes. Its efficiency, safety, multiple cardiovascular and metabolic benefits and its capacity to be combined with other antidiabetic drugs, which included insulin, have converted metformin the first option for the treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus type 2. In the last years it has been evident the role of metformin in patients with VIH and diabetes, fatty liver, as well as non diabetic patients mainly those with metabolic syndrome, with impaired glucose tolerance and women with desire to get pregnant, but suffer from polycystic ovarian syndrome. The role for prevention and treatment of cancer could be another development line of metformin in the future. The objective of this review is to update the new options for the use of this drug.
Maternal obesity affects fetal neurodevelopmental and metabolic gene expression: A pilot study; Objective: One in three pregnant women in the United States is obese. Their offspring are at increased risk for neurodevelopmental and metabolic morbidity. Underlying molecular mechanisms are poorly understood. We performed a global gene expression analysis of mid-trimester amniotic fluid cell-free fetal RNA in obese versus lean pregnant women. Methods: This prospective pilot study included eight obese (BMI≥30) and eight lean (BMI<25) women undergoing clinically indicated mid-trimester genetic amniocentesis. Subjects were matched for gestational age and fetal sex. Fetuses with abnormal karyotype or structural anomalies were excluded. Cell-free fetal RNA was extracted from amniotic fluid and hybridized to whole genome expression arrays. Genes significantly differentially regulated in 8/8 obese-lean pairs were identified using paired t-tests with the Benjamini-Hochberg correction (false discovery rate of <0.05). Biological interpretation was performed with Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and the BioGPS gene expression atlas. Results: In fetuses of obese pregnant women, 205 genes were significantly differentially regulated. Apolipoprotein D, a gene highly expressed in the central nervous system and integral to lipid regulation, was the most up-regulated gene (9-fold). Apoptotic cell death was significantly down-regulated, particularly within nervous system pathways involving the cerebral cortex. Activation of the transcriptional regulators estrogen receptor, FOS, and STAT3 was predicted in fetuses of obese women, suggesting a pro-estrogenic, pro-inflammatory milieu. Conclusion: Maternal obesity affects fetal neurodevelopmental and metabolic gene expression as early as the second trimester. These findings may have implications for postnatal neurodevelopmental and metabolic abnormalities described in the offspring of obese women. © 2014 Edlow et al.
Inflammatory Causes of Obesity and Metabolic Diseases; Genetic studies in humans and experimental ndings from mice suggest that satiety, energy intake, expenditure, and deposition are regulated by the integration of central nervous system and peripheral organs, particularly the hypothalamus and through the hypothalamic actions of factors derived from metabolic organs such as the adipose tissue. The outcome of the studies on family-based linkage analyses of monogenic (Mendelian) disorders (with severe and early-onset obesity) and common forms of population-based obesity studies links excess body weight and adiposity to an extreme tilting of an “adipostatic set point” at which body fat stores are normally stabilized.1 For example, mutations associated with extreme and early-onset obesity were discovered in leptin (LEP), leptin receptor (LEPR), and melanocortin 4 receptor (MC4R) genes, all of which target the hypothalamic regulatory circuits.2-5 Genome-wide population genetic studies contributed to the identication of additional mutations in genes that also target the central nervous system or other endocrine pathways, although the effect size in general is rather small.6-10 While the majority of genetic studies support a strong genetic component, the target pathways remain to be established in obesity in concert with environmental inuences and interactions between peripheral endocrine signals. There is yet a lack of evidence of signicant associations between obesity and genetic variations related to intrinsic factors such as the basal metabolic rate, energy expenditure, or the drive to exercise.10,11 These are important areas of current research efforts in experimental systems as well as in humans, and they indicate the power of the homeostatic drive to establish equilibrium, which is resistant to most single assaults. © 2014 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Comparison of liver fat indices for the diagnosis of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance; Context: Hepatic steatosis, defined as increased hepatocellular lipid content (HCL), associates with visceral obesity and glucose intolerance. As exact HCL quantification by 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) is not generally available, various clinical indices are increasingly used to predict steatosis. Objective: The purpose of this study was to test the accuracy of NAFLD liver fat score (NAFLD-LFS), hepatic steatosis index (HSI) and fatty liver index (FLI) against 1H-MRS and their relationships with insulin sensitivity and secretion. Design, Setting and Participants: Ninety-two non-diabetic, predominantly non-obese humans underwent clinical examination, 1H-MRS and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to calculate insulin sensitivity and β-cell function. Accuracy of indices was assessed from the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AROC). Results: Median HCL was 2.49% (0.62;4.23) and correlated with parameters of glycemia across all subjects. NAFLD-LFS, FLI and HSI yielded AROCs of 0.70, 0.72, and 0.79, respectively, and related positively to HCL, insulin resistance, fasting and postload β-cell function normalized for insulin resistance. Upon adjustment for age, sex and HCL, regression analysis revealed that NAFLD-LFS, FLI and HSI still independently associated with both insulin sensitivity and b-cell function. Conclusion: The tested indices offer modest efficacy to detect steatosis and cannot substitute for fat quantification by 1HMRS. However, all indices might serve as surrogate parameters for liver fat content and also as rough clinical estimates of abnormal insulin sensitivity and secretion. Further validation in larger collectives such as epidemiological studies is needed. © 2014 Kahl et al.
Roles of sirtuins in the regulation of antioxidant defense and bioenergetic function of mitochondria under oxidative stress; In addition to serving as the power house of mammalian cells, mitochondria are crucial for the maintenance of cellular homeostasis in response to physiological or environmental changes. Several lines of evidence suggest that posttranslational modification (PTM) of proteins plays a pivotal role in the regulation of the bioenergetic function of mitochondria. Among them, reversible lysine acetylation of mitochondrial proteins has been established as one of the key mechanisms in cellular response to energy demand by modulating the flux of a number of key metabolic pathways. In this article, we focus on the role of Sirt3-mediated deacetylation in: (1) flexibility of energy metabolism, (2) activation of antioxidant defense, and (3) maintenance of cellular redox status in response to dietary challenge and oxidative stress. We suggest that oxidative stress-elicited down-regulation of Sirt3 plays a role in the pathophysiology of diabetes, cardiac hypotrophy, mitochondrial diseases, and age-related diseases. Besides, the physiological role of newly identified lysine acylation mediated by Sirt5 and its biochemical effects on oxidative metabolism are also discussed. Moreover, we have integrated the regulatory function of several protein kinases that are involved in the phosphorylation of mitochondrial enzymes during oxidative stress. Finally, the functional consequence of the synergistic regulation through diverse protein modifications is emphasized on the maintenance of the bioenergetic homeostasis and metabolic adaptation of the animal and human cells. Together, we have provided an updated review of PTM in mitochondrial biology and their implications in aging and human diseases through an intricate regulation of energy metabolism under oxidative stress. © 2014 Informa UK, Ltd.
The effects of miR-467b on lipoprotein lipase (LPL) expression, pro-inflammatory cytokine, lipid levels and atherosclerotic lesions in apolipoprotein e knockout mice; Atherosclerosis is a lipid disorder disease characterized by chronic blood vessel wall inflammation driven by the subendothelial accumulation of macrophages. Studies have shown that lipoprotein lipase (LPL) participates in lipid metabolism, but it is not yet known whether post-transcriptional regulation of LPL gene expression by microRNAs (miRNAs) occurs in vivo. Here, we tested that miR-467b provides protection against atherosclerosis by regulating the target gene LPL which leads to reductions in LPL expression, lipid accumulation, progression of atherosclerosis and production of inflammatory cytokines in apolipoprotein E knockout (apoE-/-) mice. Treatment of apoE-/- mice with intra-peritoneal injection of miR-467b agomir led to decreased blood plasma levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-1β and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1). Using Western blots and real time PCR, we determined that LPL expression in aorta and abdominal cavity macrophages were significantly down-regulated in the miR-467b agomir group. Furthermore, systemic treatment with miR-467b antagomir accelerated the progression of atherosclerosis in the aorta of apoE -/- mice. The present study showed that miR-467b protects apoE -/- mice from atherosclerosis by reducing lipid accumulation and inflammatory cytokine secretion via downregulation of LPL expression. Therefore, targeting miR-467b may offer a promising strategy to treat atherosclerotic vascular disease. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Non-coding RNAs and lipid metabolism; A high percentage of the mammalian genome consists of non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs). Among ncRNAs two main subgroups have been identified: long ncRNAs (lncRNAs) and micro RNAs (miRNAs). ncRNAs have been demonstrated to play a role in a vast variety of diseases, since they regulate gene transcription and are involved in post-transcriptional regulation. They have the potential to function as molecular signals or as guides for transcription factors and to regulate epigenetic modifiers. In this literature review we have summarized data on miRNAs and lncRNAs and their involvement in dyslipidaemia, atherosclerosis, insulin resistance and adipogenesis. Outlining certain ncRNAs as disease biomarkers and/or therapeutic targets, and testing them in vivo, will be the next steps in future research. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Amino acid metabolism in intestinal bacteria and its potential implications for mammalian reproduction; Reproduction is vital for producing offspring and preserving genetic resources. However, incidences of many reproductive disorders (e.g. miscarriage, intrauterine growth restriction, premature delivery and lower sperm quality) have either increased dramatically or remained at high rates over the last decades. Mounting evidence shows a strong correlation between enteral protein nutrition and reproduction. Besides serving as major nutrients in the diet, amino acids (AA) are signaling molecules in the regulation of diverse physiological processes, ranging from spermatogenesis to oocyte fertilization and to embryo implantation. Notably, the numbers of bacteria in the intestine exceed the numbers of host cells by 10 times. Microbes in the small-intestinal lumen actively metabolize large amounts of dietaryAAand, therefore, affect the entry ofAA into the portal circulation for whole-body utilization. Changes in the composition and abundance of AA-metabolizing bacteria in the gut during pregnancy, as well as their translocation to the uterus, may alter uterine function and epigenetic modifications of maternal physiology and metabolism, which are crucial for pregnancy recognition and fetal development. Thus, the presence of the maternal gut microbiota and AA metabolites in the intrauterine environments (e.g. endometrium and placenta) and breast milk is likely a unique signature for the programming of the whole-body microbiome and metabolism in both the fetus and infant. Dietary intervention with functional AA, probiotics and prebiotics to alter the abundance and activity of intestinal bacteria may ameliorate or prevent the development of metabolic syndrome, while improving reproductive performance in both males and females as well as their offspring. © The Author 2015.
Modulation of the action of insulin by angiotensin-(1-7); The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus is predicted to increase dramatically over the coming years and the clinical implications and healthcare costs from this disease are overwhelming. In many cases, this pathological condition is linked to a cluster of metabolic disorders, such as obesity, systemic hypertension and dyslipidaemia, defined as the metabolic syndrome. Insulin resistance has been proposed as the key mediator of all of these features and contributes to the associated high cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although the molecular mechanisms behind insulin resistance are not completely understood, a negative cross-talk between AngII (angiotensin II) and the insulin signalling pathway has been the focus of great interest in the last decade. Indeed, substantial evidence has shown that anti-hypertensive drugs that block the RAS (renin-angiotensin system) may also act to prevent diabetes. Despite its long history, new components within the RAS continue to be discovered. Among them, Ang-(1-7) [angiotensin-(1-7)] has gained special attention as a counter-regulatory hormone opposing many of the AngII-related deleterious effects. Specifically, we and others have demonstrated that Ang-(1-7) improves the action of insulin and opposes the negative effect that AngII exerts at this level. In the present review, we provide evidence showing that insulin and Ang-(1-7) share a common intracellular signalling pathway. We also address the molecular mechanisms behind the beneficial effects of Ang-(1-7) on AngII-mediated insulin resistance. Finally, we discuss potential therapeutic approaches leading to modulation of the ACE2 (angiotensin-converting enzyme 2)/Ang-(1-7)/Mas receptor axis as a very attractive strategy in the therapy of the metabolic syndrome and diabetes-associated diseases. © The Authors Journal compilation. © 2014 Biochemical Society.
Metabolic syndrome in young people; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The prevalence of obesity is on the increase, and consequently metabolic syndrome is also becoming a serious health problem in children and adolescents all over the world. This review attempts to summarize the recent literature on metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents. RECENT FINDINGS: To date, a standard definition of metabolic syndrome for the pediatric population is not available. Recently, the International Diabetes Federation has proposed a new set of criteria to define metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents aged 6-16 years. The relationships between obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome may be explained by the pattern of lipid partitioning. Fatty liver plays a central role in the insulin-resistant state in obese adolescents. Although insulin resistance has been proposed as the central factor leading to the abnormalities observed in metabolic syndrome, most definitions of metabolic syndrome use impaired fasting glucose as a marker. Nutrition impairment during both prenatal and early postnatal life can cause metabolic disturbances leading to insulin-resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. SUMMARY: Metabolic syndrome prevalence in children and adolescents is on the increase. Therefore, the emphasis in all studies and programs related to metabolic syndrome should be focused on prevention, early detection of metabolic risk factors and interventions that will have a significant impact on future adult health. © 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Maternal high-fat diet induces insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function in adult offspring with sex differences in mice; Intrauterine environment may influence the health of postnatal offspring. There have been many studies on the effects of maternal high-fat diet (HFD on diabetes and glucose metabolism in offspring. Here, we investigated the effects in male and female offspring. C57/BL6J mice were bred and fed either control diet (CD or HFD from conception to weaning, and offspring were fed CD or HFD from 6 to 20 wk. At 20 wk, maternal HFD induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in offspring. Additionally, liver triacylglycerol content, adipose tissue mass, and inflammation increased in maternal HFD. In contrast, extending previous observations, insulin secretion at glucose tolerance test, islet area, insulin content, and PDX-1 mRNA levels in isolated islets were lower in maternal HFD in males, whereas they were higher in females. Oxidative stress in islets increased in maternal HFD in males, whereas there were no differences in females. Plasma estradiol levels were lower in males than in females and decreased in offspring fed HFD and also decreased by maternal HFD, suggesting that females may be protected from insulin deficiency by inhibiting oxidative stress. In conclusion, maternal HFD induced insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function, with marked sex differences in adult offspring accompanied by adipose tissue inflammation and liver steatosis. Additionally, our results demonstrate that potential mechanisms underlying sex differences in pancreatic β-cell function may be related partially to increases in oxidative stress in male islets and decreased plasma estradiol levels in males. © 2014 the American Physiological Society.
Adropin is a brain membrane-bound protein regulating physical activity via the NB-3/notch signaling pathway in mice; Adropin is a highly conserved polypeptide that has been suggested to act as an endocrine factor that plays important roles in metabolic regulation, insulin sensitivity, and endothelial functions. However, in this study, we provide evidence demonstrating that adropin is a plasma membrane protein expressed abundantly in the brain. Using a yeast two-hybrid screening approach, we identified NB-3/Contactin 6, a brain-specific, non-canonical, membrane-tethered Notch1 ligand, as an interaction partner of adropin. Furthermore, this interaction promotes NB3-induced activation of Notch signaling and the expression of Notch target genes. We also generated and characterized adropin knockout mice to explore the role of adropin in vivo. Adropin knockout mice exhibited decreased locomotor activity and impaired motor coordination coupled with defective synapse formation, a phenotype similar to NB-3 knockout mice. Taken together, our data suggest that adropin is a membrane- bound protein that interacts with the brain-specific Notch1 ligand NB3. It regulates physical activity and motor coordination via the NB-3/Notch signaling pathway and plays an important role in cerebellum development in mice. © 2014 by The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Does gestational diabetes history increase epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness?; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that has begun during pregnancy. Recent studies have proven that development of atherosclerosis may be established in this population even without presence of type 2 diabetes. For assessment of atherosclerosis, epicardial fat thickness (EFT) is recently being used as a surrogate marker. In this study, we aimed to prove that women with GDM history are more inclined to have higher EFT levels than women without GDM history. Methods: Sixty-two patients with previous GDM and 33 age- and sex-matched controls were allocated. Epicardial fat thicknesses of the subjects were measured with transthorasic echocardiography and carotid intima media thickness (c-IMT) was measured with ultrasound. Insulin resistance (IR) of each subject was assessed with Homeostasis model of assessment- insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Carotid IMT and EFT were significantly higher in previous GDM group than controls. Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), uric acid, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found significantly higher in the patients with previous GDM as compared to the controls. We observed that carotid IMT (β = 310, P = 0.003), total cholesterol (β = 315, P = 0.002), BMI (β = 308, P = 0.002), HbA1c (β = 227, P = 0.018), and HOMA-IR (β = 184, P = 0.049) were independently correlated with EFT. Conclusions: Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, high EFT results may indicate presence of atherosclerosis in women with previous GDM. © 2014, Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Association between hepatitis B virus infection and metabolic syndrome: A retrospective cohort study in Shanghai, China; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) and hepatitis B (HBV) infection are two major public health problems in China. There are few studies about their association, and the results of these studies are contradictory. We conducted a retrospective cohort study to assess the association between MS and HBV in a Shanghai community-based cohort. Methods. Nine hundred seventy-six Shanghai residents were recruited from the Putuo community. 480 HBV infections were in exposed group and 496 non-infections in unexposed group. All metabolic-related parameters and hepatitis B serology were tested with routine biochemical or immunological methods. "Exposed" was defined by HBV infection represented by hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and without anti-virus treatment. "Unexposed" were subjects who didn't infect with HBV (Represented by HBsAg) and no MS when they entered the cohort. MS was defined based on the updated National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. The Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the hazard ratios (HR) and related 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for the association between HBV infection and MS over a 20-year follow-up period. Results: Of 976 subjects recruited, 480 had latent HBV infection (exposed subjects). After adjusting for age, the crude HR was 2.46 (95% CI: 1.77, 3.41). After adjusting for potential risk factors of MS (age, gender, smoking, passive smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, and diet), the HR was 2.27 (95% CI: 1.52, 3.38). Conclusions: This 20-year follow-up retrospective cohort study in Shanghai showed a positive association between HBV infection and MS. © 2014 Zhou et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Additive effects of maternal high fat diet during lactation on mouse offspring; Recent reports indicated that nutrition in early infancy might influence later child health outcomes such as obesity and metabolic syndrome. Therefore, we examined the effects of maternal high fat diet (HFD) during lactation on the onset of a metabolic syndrome in their offspring. All offspring were cross-fostered by dams on the same or opposite diet to yield 4 groups: offspring from HFD-fed dams suckled by HFD-fed dams (OHH) and by control diet (CD)-fed dams (OHC) and CD-fed dams suckled by HFD-fed dams (OCH) and by CD-fed dams (OCC) mice. We examined several metabolic syndrome-related factors including body weight, blood pressure, glucose tolerance and adipocytokines. Mean body weights of OHH and OCH mice were significantly higher than those of OHC and OCC mice, respectively, with elevated systolic blood pressure. Moreover, OHH and OCH mice revealed significantly worse glucose tolerance compared with the OHC and OCC mice, respectively. Triglyceride and leptin levels were significantly increased and adiponectin levels were significantly reduced by the maternal HFD during lactation, with similar changes in leptin and adiponectin mRNA expression but without histone modifications in adipose tissues. In addition, maternal obesity induced by HFD during lactation increased and prolonged the leptin surge in the offspring and the gender differences of leptin surge were observed. Our data suggested that maternal HFD during lactation might have an additive effect on the onset of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring, irrespective of the nutritional status in utero through the modified leptin surge. © 2014 Masuyama, Hiramatsu.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor and its relationship with obesity and diabetes; Several studies have found that obesity and increased adiposity mainly in the abdominal region, are associated with low-grade inflammation, insulin resistance (IR), impaired glucose homeostasis and comorbidities such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and cardiovascular disease. The macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), is a proinflammatory cytokine involved in autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. However, currently it is suggested that MIF is involved in the inflammatory process associated with obesity and the metabolic control of the complications associated with obesity. Different studies show consistently, increased serum levels of MIF in subjects with obesity, type 2 diabetes and diabetics with microvascular complications (nephropathy, retinopathy and diabetic foot syndrome). The relationship of the MIF to the regulation of glucose metabolism and apoptosis of pancreatic _ cells, and the association of some functional polymorphisms in the promoter of the MIF gene with obesity and diabetes.This review summarizes, the knowledge based on clinical and epidemiological studies on the role of MIF in obesity and type 2 diabetes. © 2014, Investigacion Clinica (Venezuela). All rights reserved.
Effect of endurance training on retinol-binding protein 4 gene expression and its protein level in adipose tissue and the liver in diabetic rats induced by a high-fat diet and streptozotocin; Aims/Introduction: The present study was designed to investigate from which tissues the decrease in retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) expression could contribute to the improvement of serum RBP4 and insulin resistance (IR) after endurance training. Materials and Methods: Male 7-week-old Wistar rats were randomly assigned into four groups including control (C), trained (T), diabetic control (DC) and trained diabetic (TD). At 8 weeks-of-age, diabetes was induced by a high-fat diet and intraperitoneal injection of low-dose streptozotocin (STZ; 35 mg/kg). Rats in the T and TD groups carried out a 7-week exercise program on a motorized treadmill (15-20 m/min for 20 min/day for 5 weeks), whereas the C and DC remained sedentary in their cages. Tissues gene expression and protein levels of RBP4 were assessed by using real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot, respectively, while serum RBP4 was measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit. Results: Exercise significantly improved IR and reduced serum concentration of RBP4 in the TD group. This reduction of serum RBP4 was accompanied by decreased RBP4 protein expression in visceral fat tissue. In contrast, exercise had no significant effect on RBP4 expression in liver and subcutaneous fat tissue in the TD group. Exercise also significantly decreased RBP4 gene expression in visceral fat tissue and muscle, whereas the effect of exercise on liver RBP4 messenger ribonucleic acid expression was not significant. Conclusions: The present study showed that the mechanism for RBP4 reducing the effect of endurance training could involve decreased RBP4 messenger ribonucleic acid expression and its protein level in adipose tissue in STZ-induced diabetic rats. © 2014 The Authors.
Association of placenta organotin concentrations with growth and ponderal index in 110 newborn boys from Finland during the first 18 months of life: A cohort study; Background: Humans are exposed to tributyltin (TBT), previously used as an antifouling paint in ships, mainly through fish consumption. As TBT is a known obesogen, we studied the association of placenta TBT and other organotin compounds (OTCs) with ponderal index (PI) and growth during the first 18 months of life in boys. Methods. In a prospective Finnish study, 110 placenta samples were collected from mothers of boys born in 1997-1999 with (n = 55) and without (n = 55) cryptorchidism. To account for the original study design, linear regression, weighted for sampling fractions of boys with (121/55) and without (5677/55) cryptorchidism from the total cohort, was used to study the association between placenta OTCs and children's weight, length, growth rates and PI up to 18 months of age. Results: Placenta TBT concentrations were above the limit of quantification (LOQ) in 99% of the samples. However, monobutyltin (MBT), dibutyltin (DBT) and triphenyltin (TPhT) concentrations were below LOQ in 90%, 35% and 57% of samples, respectively. Placenta TBT was positively associated (p = 0.024) with weight gain during the first three months of life, but no other significant associations were observed for weight or length gain. Also, no significant associations between placenta OTC concentrations and child length, weight or PI at any time point were found. Conclusions: We observed a trend towards higher weight gain from birth to 3 months of age with increasing placenta TBT concentration. These results should be interpreted with caution because obesogenic effects in animal experiments were seen after in-utero TBT exposures to doses that were orders of magnitude higher. Also the number of study subjects included in this study was limited. © 2014 Rantakokko et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Insulin, other hypoglycaemic drugs, and glucagon; The Side Effects of Drugs Annuals form a series of volumes in which the adverse effects of drugs and adverse reactions to them are surveyed. The series supplements the contents of Meyler's Side Effects of Drugs: the International Encyclopedia of Adverse Drug Reactions and Interactions. This review of the January 2012 to June 2013 publications on insulin, other hypoglycaemic drugs and glucagon covers glucagon, insulins (including insulin degludec and insulin glulisine), the alpha glucosidase inhibitor miglitol, the amylin analogue pramlintide, the biguanide metformin, dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DDP-4) inhibitors (linagliptin, saxagliptin, sitagliptin and vildagliptin), incretin mimetics (exenatide, liraglutide, and lixisenatide), the meglitinide repaglinide, the sodium-glucose transporter type 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor dapagliflozin, sulphonylureas (glibenclamide (glyburide) and glipizide), thiazolidinediones (pioglitazone and rosiglitazone), the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor partial agonist balaglitazone, and the peroxisome proliferator-activated dual receptor agonist aleglitazar. Adverse reactions that are particularly highlighted include lactic acidosis due to metformin, pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer in patients taking incretin mimetics, an association that has not been established rosiglitazone-associated adverse cardiovascular events, and genetic determinants of adverse reactions to repaglinide. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
Mediterranean diet and diabetes: Prevention and treatment; The aim of the present review is to examine current scientific knowledge on the association between the Mediterranean diet and diabetes mellitus (mostly type 2 diabetes). A definition of the Mediterranean diet and the tools widely used to evaluate adherence to this traditional diet (Mediterranean diet indices) are briefly presented. The review focuses on epidemiological data linking adherence to the Mediterranean diet with the risk of diabetes development, as well as evidence from interventional studies assessing the effect of the Mediterranean diet on diabetes control and the management of diabetes-related complications. The above mentioned data are explored on the basis of evaluating the Mediterranean diet as a whole dietary pattern, rather than focusing on the effect of its individual components. Possible protective mechanisms of the Mediterranean diet against diabetes are also briefly discussed. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metformin in reproductive health, pregnancy and gynaecological cancer: Established and emerging indications; Background: Metformin is an effective oral anti-hyperglycaemic drug used as first-line medical treatment for type 2 diabetes. It improves systemic hyperglycaemia by reducing hepatic glucose production and enhancing peripheral insulin sensitivity. It also stimulates fat oxidation and reduces fat synthesis and storage. The molecular mechanism of this drug is thought to be secondary to its actions on the mitochondrial respiratory chain. Methods: This paper reviews the relevant literature (research articles up to October 2013) on the use of metformin in infertility, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy and gynaecological cancers. We present a comprehensive discussion of the evidence supporting the efficacy of metformin in these clinical conditions. Result: Metformin is used clinically off-label in the management of hirsutism, acne and insulin resistance in PCOS, although the evidence for anti-androgenic effects is inconsistent. Metformin is also used to improve ovulation in women with PCOS both alone and in combination with clomiphene citrate. Trial findings are conflicting but metformin treatment in IVF/ICSI cycles may reduce the risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome and increase live birth rates. Metformin also appears to be effective and safe for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), particularly for overweight and obese women. Studies have shown that metformin is safe in pregnancy and women with GDM treated with metformin have less weight gain during pregnancy than those treated with insulin. One study with a 2-year follow-up demonstrated that babies born to women treated with metformin also developed less visceral fat, making them less prone to insulin resistance in later life. These findings have sparked interest in the use of metformin for pregnant, obese, non-diabetic women. On-going clinical trials are underway to determine if women treated prophylactically with metformin have a reduced incidence of GDM and demonstrate less weight gain during pregnancy. The hypothesis in these studies is that babies born to obese women on prophylactic metformin will also have better outcomes. Epidemiological studies have linked metformin exposure to a decreased risk of cancer. Pre-clinical experiments report that metformin has a growth-static effect on several cancers, including endometrial cancer, which may be partly due to the effect of metformin on the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signal transduction pathway. A number of on-going early phase clinical trials aim to explore the anti-cancer effects of metformin and investigate its potential as a chemopreventative or adjuvant treatment. Conclusions: Obesity is on the rise in developing countries and is strongly linked to several reproductive health problems, including PCOS, GDM and endometrial cancer. Traditional lifestyle measures aimed at weight reduction are challenging to implement and maintain. Metformin may be a valuable alternative to, or adjunct for, modifying the toxic effects of obesity in these populations. This review will appraise the evidence for the use of metformin for the prevention and treatment of adverse health outcomes in obstetrics and gynaecology. © The Author 2014.
External validation of the fatty liver index and lipid accumulation product indices, using 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy, to identify hepatic steatosis in healthy controls and obese, insulin-resistant individuals; Background and aims: Simple clinical algorithms including the fatty liver index (FLI) and lipid accumulation product (LAP) have been developed as surrogate markers for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), constructed using (semi-quantitative) ultrasonography. This study aimed to validate FLI and LAP as measures of hepatic steatosis, as determined quantitatively by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS). Methods: Data were collected from 168 patients with NAFLD and 168 controls who had undergone clinical, biochemical and anthropometric assessment. Values of FLI and LAP were determined and assessed both as predictors of the presence of hepatic steatosis (liver fat >5.5%) and of actual liver fat content, as measured by 1H-MRS. The discriminative ability of FLI and LAP was estimated using the area under the receiver operator characteristic curve (AUROC). As FLI can also be interpreted as a predictive probability of hepatic steatosis, we assessed how well calibrated it was in our cohort. Linear regression with prediction intervals was used to assess the ability of FLI and LAP to predict liver fat content. Further validation was provided in 54 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Results: FLI, LAP and alanine transferase discriminated between patients with and without steatosis with an AUROC of 0.79 (IQR=0.74, 0.84), 0.78 (IQR=0.72, 0.83) and 0.83 (IQR=0.79, 0.88) respectively although could not quantitatively predict liver fat. Additionally, the algorithms accurately matched the observed percentages of patients with hepatic steatosis in our cohort. Conclusions: FLI and LAP may be used to identify patients with hepatic steatosis clinically or for research purposes but could not predict liver fat content. © 2014 European Society of Endocrinology
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The liver disease of our age?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease that might affect up to one-third of the adult population in industrialised countries. NAFLD incorporates histologically and clinically different non-alcoholic entities; fatty liver (NAFL, steatosis hepatis) and steatohepatitis (NASH-characterised by hepatocyte ballooning and lobular inflammation ± fibrosis) might progress to cirrhosis and rarely to hepatocellular cancer. NAFL increasingly affects children (paediatric prevalence is 4.2%-9.6%). Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance (IR), obesity, metabolic syndrome and NAFLD are particularly closely related. Increased hepatic lipid storage is an early abnormality in insulin resistant women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. The accumulation of triacylglycerols in hepatocytes is predominantly derived from the plasma non-esterified fatty acid pool supplied largely by the adipose tissue. A few NAFLD susceptibility gene variants are associated with progressive liver disease, IR, T2DM and a higher risk for hepatocellular carcinoma. Although not approved, pharmacological approaches might be considered in NASH patients. © 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Adiponectin: A manifold therapeutic target for metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and coronary disease?; Adiponectin is the most abundant peptide secreted by adipocytes, being a key component in the interrelationship between adiposity, insulin resistance and inflammation. Central obesity accompanied by insulin resistance is a key factor in the development of metabolic syndrome (MS) and future macrovascular complications. Moreover, the remarkable correlation between coronary artery disease (CAD) and alterations in glucose metabolism has raised the likelihood that atherosclerosis and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) may share a common biological background. We summarize here the current knowledge about the influence of adiponectin on insulin sensitivity and endothelial function, discussing its forthcoming prospects and potential role as a therapeutic target for MS, T2DM, and cardiovascular disease. Adiponectin is present in the circulation as a dimer, trimer or protein complex of high molecular weight hexamers, >400 kDa. AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 are its major receptors in vivo mediating the metabolic actions. Adiponectin stimulates phosphorylation and AMP (adenosin mono phosphate) kinase activation, exerting direct effects on vascular endothelium, diminishing the inflammatory response to mechanical injury and enhancing endothelium protection in cases of apolipoprotein E deficiency. Hypoadiponectinemia is consistently associated with obesity, MS, atherosclerosis, CAD, T2DM. Lifestyle correction helps to favorably modify plasma adiponectin levels. Low adiponectinemia in obese patients is raised via continued weight loss programs in both diabetic and nondiabetic individuals and is also accompanied by reductions in pro-inflammatory factors. Diet modifications, like intake of fish, omega-3 supplementation, adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern and coffee consumption also increase adiponectin levels. Antidiabetic and cardiovascular pharmacological agents, like glitazones, glimepiride, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers are also able to improve adiponectin concentration. Fibric acid derivatives, like bezafibrate and fenofibrate, have been reported to enhance adiponectin levels as well. T-cadherin, a membrane-associated adiponectin-binding protein lacking intracellular domain seems to be a main mediator of the antiatherogenic adiponectin actions. The finding of novel pharmacologic agents proficient to improve adiponectin plasma levels should be target of exhaustive research. Interesting future approaches could be the development of adiponectin-targeted drugs chemically designed to induce the activaton of its receptors and/or postreceptor signaling pathways, or the development of specific adiponectin agonists. © 2014 Fisman and Tenenbaum; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Short term resistance training enhanced plasma apoA-I and FABP4 levels in Streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats; Background: Type 1 diabetes mellitus is associated with a high risk for early atherosclerotic complications. Altered lipids and lipoprotein metabolism in chronic diabetes mellitus is associated with pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and other cardiovascular diseases. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of 4 weeks resistance training on plasma lipid profile, fatty acid binding protein (FABP) 4 and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I levels in type 1 diabetic rats.Methods: Thirty two male Wister rats (12-14 weeks old) were randomly divided into four groups: non-diabetic control; non-diabetic trained; diabetic control; diabetic trained. The rats in training groups were subjected to a resistance training program (3 days/wk, for 4 wk) consisted of climbing a ladder carrying a load suspended from the tail.Results: Diabetic inducing increased plasma apoA-I and decreased FABP4 levels compared with non-diabetic control group (respectively, P = 0.001 & P = 0.041). After 4 weeks' resistance training, plasma levels of apoA-I and FABP4 in the diabetic trained rats were significantly higher compared with the diabetic control group (respectively, P = 0.003 & P = 0.017). Plasma HDL-C level in diabetic trained group was higher than diabetic control group (P = 0.048). Liver triglycerides concentrations were significantly lower in both trained (non-diabetic and diabetic) groups compared with their control groups (respectively, P = 0.041 and P = 0.002).Conclusion: These data indicated that resistance training may be an efficient intervention strategy to increase plasma apoA-I, HDL-C and FABP4 concentrations, along with decreases liver triglycerides in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats. Further research is needed to elucidate physiological significance of circulating FABP4 levels. © 2014 safarzade and Talebi-Garakani; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Normal Adipose Tissue Biology: Adipocytokines and Inflammation; The adipose tissue is now considered an active endocrine organ. Adipocytes and immune cells (mainly macrophages) in the adipose tissue secrete biologically active proteins that act locally or at distant sites and thus regulate metaboLism. These proteins are collectively referred to as adipocytokines. As obesity develops, adipocytes enlarge and die while macrophages massively infiltrate the adipose tissue. As a result, the adipocytokine profile shifts from anti-inflammatory to proinflammatory. Leptin, tumor necrosis factor, and interleukin-6 are well-characterized proinflammatory adipocytokines. Adiponectin is an anti-inflammatory and insuLin-sensitizing adipocytokine. Proinflammatory adipocytokines generally increase, while anti-inflammatory adipocytokines decrease in obesity and these changes mediate development of obesity-related metaboLic dysfunctions such as insuLin resistance, dysLipidemia, nonalcohoLic fatty Liver disease, and atherosclerosis. However, therapeutic interventions targeting adipocytokines have not been very successful in the treatment of obesity and associated metaboLic conditions. More work on the detailed action of adipocytokines will not only help understand the pathophysiology of metaboLic dysfunction associated with obesity but also assist to identify therapeutic targets to prevent or reverse these metaboLic derangements. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Supplementation of Vitis thunbergii root extract alleviated high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6J mice; Vitis thunbergii root, widely used as folk medicine in Taiwan, has been found to contain polyphenolic compounds and resveratrol derivatives, which have been implicated in the prevention and treatment of obesity. Thus, we hypothesized it might show beneficial effects against obesity. C57BL/6JNarl mice fed with a high fat diet for 14 weeks increased body weight and epididymal fat pad weight, and accompanied by fatty liver, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, hyperleptinemia, hypercholesterolemia, hyper-LDL-cholesterol, and high level of serum GPT, GOT, creatinine, and BUN. Supplementation of VTE in the last 7 weeks remarkably decreased body weight and epididymal fat pad weight, implying a potential anti-obesity effect. Mechanistic study showed that VTE supplementation increased energy expenditure-related CPT1 mRNA expression and AMPK phosphorylation, and decreased lipogenesis-related SREBP-1 expression in liver. In conclusion, Vitis thunbergii roots could alleviate high fat diet-induced obesity and its related complications by enhancing hepatic fatty acid oxidation and inhibitng lipogenesis. © 2014 Japan Society for Bioscience, Biotechnology, and Agrochemistry.
The relation between carotid intima media thickness and serum osteoprotegerin levels in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Aim: This study was designed to evaluate carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) and serum osteoprotegerin (OPG) levels in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in comparison to healthy controls and to investigate factors predicting the CIMT increase. Materials and Methods: A total of 60 outpatients [median (min-max) age 44.5 (24.0-65.0) years, 63.3% were females] diagnosed with NAFLD via ultrasonography performed during their admission to our hospital for any reason and 30 control subjects [median (min-max) age 39.5 (24.0-57.0) years, 73.3% were females] with normal liver echogenicity in ultrasonography were included in this study. Data on demographic characteristics, anthropometric measurements, biochemical and hematological tests, CIMT measurement, serum levels for OPG, and predictive factors for the CIMT increase were collected. Results: Median (min-max) CIMT [0.60 (0.40-1.10) vs. 0.50 (0.30-0.60), P<0.001) and OPG (pg/mL) [65.0 (18.1-272.8) vs. 32.0 (10.1-82.3), P<0.001] levels were significantly higher in NAFLD patients compared to controls, while there was a significant positive correlation between CIMT and serum OPG (r=0.42, P<0.001). Mean CIMT value was determined to increase significantly by 0.001 cm (P=0.001) for each 1 pg/mL of increase in OPG levels, by 0.103 cm (P<0.001) in case of concomitant NAFLD (P<0.001), and by 0.006 cm (P<0.001) for each 1 pg/mL of increase in urea levels. Conclusion: Our findings indicate higher levels of serum OPG and CIMT in patients with NAFLD compared to controls along with a positive correlation between serum OPG and CIMT levels. High levels of serum OPG, presence of NAFLD, and high levels of serum urea seem to be the independent risk factors predictive for the CIMT increase. © Copyright 2014, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2014.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Cholesterol cholelithiasis in pregnant women: Pathogenesis, prevention and treatment; Epidemiological and clinical studies have found that gallstone prevalence is twice as high in women as in men at all ages in every population studied. Hormonal changes occurring during pregnancy put women at higher risk. The incidence rates of biliary sludge (a precursor to gallstones) and gallstones are up to 30 and 12%, respectively, during pregnancy and postpartum, and 1-3% of pregnant women undergo cholecystectomy due to clinical symptoms or complications within the first year postpartum. Increased estrogen levels during pregnancy induce significant metabolic changes in the hepatobiliary system, including the formation of cholesterol-supersaturated bile and sluggish gallbladder motility, two factors enhancing cholelithogenesis. The therapeutic approaches are conservative during pregnancy because of the controversial frequency of biliary disorders. In the majority of pregnant women, biliary sludge and gallstones tend to dissolve spontaneously after parturition. In some situations, however, the conditions persist and require costly therapeutic interventions. When necessary, invasive procedures such as laparoscopic cholecystectomy are relatively well tolerated, preferably during the second trimester of pregnancy or postpartum. Although laparoscopic operation is recommended for its safety, the use of drugs such as ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) and the novel lipid-lowering compound, ezetimibe would also be considered. In this paper, we systematically review the incidence and natural history of pregnancy-related biliary sludge and gallstone formation and carefully discuss the molecular mechanisms underlying the lithogenic effect of estrogen on gallstone formation during pregnancy. We also summarize recent progress in the necessary strategies recommended for the prevention and the treatment of gallstones in pregnant women. © 2014, Fundacion Clinica Medica Sur. All rights reserved.
GLP-1 receptor agonists: Effects on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), previously also named diabetes hepatitis, is characterized by accumulation of fat in the liver and refers to a spectrum of disorders ranging from simple hepatic steatosis to more severe manifestations including nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. Although the etiology is still unclear, NAFLD is strongly associated with hepatic and adipose tissue insulin resistance. Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists represent a novel class of therapies for the treatment of type 2 diabetes with a potent blood glucose-lowering action mediated via its ability to induce insulin secretion and reduce glucagon secretion in a glucosedependent manner. In addition, GLP-1-based therapy has direct effects on decreasing hepatic steatosis in vitro by modulating elements of the insulin signaling pathway via functional GLP-1 receptor, resulting in the regulation of gene expression associated with insulin resistance and lipid metabolism, and the suppression of oxidative stress in liver cells. © 2014, Vuk Vrhovac Institute. All rights reserved.
Control of insulin signalisation and action by the Grb14 protein; The action of insulin on metabolism and cell growth is mediated by a specific receptor tyrosine kinase, which, through phosphorylation of several substrates, triggers the activation of two major signaling pathways, the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3-K)/Akt pathway and the Ras/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) pathway. Insulin-induced activation of the receptor and downstream signaling is also subjected to a negative feedback control involving several mechanisms, among which the interaction of the insulin receptor and its substrates with inhibitory proteins. After summarizing the major mechanisms underlying the activation and attenuation of insulin signaling, this review focuses on its control by the Grb14 adaptor protein. Grb14 has been identified as an inhibitor of insulin signaling and action, and is involved in insulin resistance associated with type 2 diabetes and obesity. Studies on the molecular mechanism of action of Grb14 have shown that, through interaction with the activated insulin receptor, Grb14 inhibits its catalytic activity and the activation of downstream signaling. However, the consequences of Grb14 gene invalidation are complex and tissue-specific, and some effects of Grb14 on insulin signaling appear to be linked to its interaction with effector proteins downstream the insulin receptor. Pharmacological inhibition of Grb14 should allow to enhance insulin sensitivity and improve energy homeostasis in insulin-resistant states. © Société de Biologie, 2014.
Links between ectopic fat and vascular disease in humans; The average of overweight individual can have differential fat depots in target organs or specific compartments of the body. This ectopic fat distribution may be more of a predictive factor for cardiovascular risk than obesity. Abdominal visceral obesity, a representative ectopic fat, is robustly associated with insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Fat depots in the liver and muscle tissue cause adverse cardiometabolic risk by affecting glucose and lipid metabolism. Pericardial fat and perivascular fat affect coronary atherosclerosis, cardiac function, and hemodynamics. Fat around the neck is associated with systemic vascular resistance. Fat around the kidney may increase blood pressure and induce albuminuria. Fat accumulation in or around the pancreas alters glucose metabolism, conferring cardiovascular risk. Ectopic fat may act as an active endocrine and paracrine organ that releases various bioactive mediators that influence insulin resistance, glucose and lipid metabolism, coagulation, and inflammation, which all contribute to cardiovascular risk. Because both obese and apparently lean individuals can have ectopic fat, regional fat distribution may play an important role in the development of cardiovascular diseases in both nonobese and obese people. © 2014 American Heart Association, Inc.
Discovery of a novel target for the dysglycemic chromogranin A fragment pancreastatin: Interaction with the chaperone GRP78 to influence metabolism; Rationale: The chromogranin A-derived peptide pancreastatin (PST) is a dysglycemic, counter-regulatory peptide for insulin action, especially in liver. Although previous evidence for a PST binding protein has been reported, such a receptor has not been identified or sequenced. Methods and Results: We used ligand affinity to purify the PST target, with biotinylated human PST (hCHGA273-301-amide) as "bait" and mouse liver homogenate as "prey", and identified GRP78 (a.k.a. "78 kDa Glucose Regulated Protein", HSPA5, BIP) as a major interacting partner of PST. GRP78 belongs to the family of heat shock proteins (chaperones), involved in several cellular processes including protein folding and glucose metabolism. We analyzed expression of GRP78 in the absence of PST in a mouse knockout model lacking its precursor CHGA: hepatic transcriptome data revealed global over-expression of not only GRP78 but also other heat shock transcripts (of the "adaptive UPR") in CHGA(-/-) mice compared to wild-type (+ /+). By contrast, we found a global decline in expression of hepatic pro-apoptotic transcripts in CHGA(-/-) mice. GRP78's ATPase enzymatic activity was dose-dependently inhibited by PST (IC50∼5.2μM). PST also inhibited the upregulation of GRP78 expression during UPR activation (by tunicamycin) in hepatocytes. PST inhibited insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in adipocytes, and increased hepatic expression of G6Pase (the final step in gluconeogenesis/glycogenolysis). In hepatocytes not only PST but also other GRP78-ATPase inhibitors (VER-155008 or ADP) increased G6Pase expression. GRP78 over-expression inhibited G6Pase expression in hepatocytes, with partial restoration by GRP78-ATPase inhibitors PST, VER-155008, or ADP. Conclusions: Our results indicate that an unexpected major hepatic target of PST is the adaptive UPR chaperone GRP78. PST not only binds to GRP78 (in pH-dependent fashion), but also inhibits GRP78's ATPase enzymatic activity, and impairs its biosynthetic response to UPR activation. PST decreases insulin-stimulated cellular glucose uptake, and PST as well as other chaperone ATPase activity inhibitors augment expression of G6Pase; GRP78 over-expression antagonizes this PST action. Analysis of the novel PST/GRP78 interaction may provide a new avenue of investigation into cellular glycemic control as well as dysglycemia. © 2014 Biswas et al.
Is early postpartum HbA1c an appropriate risk predictor after pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus?; Compared to the 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), the assessment of HbA1c was proposed as a less time-consuming alternative to detect pathologies in carbohydrate metabolism. This report aims to assess the predictive accuracy of HbA1c to detect alterations in glucose disposition early after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancy. A detailed metabolic characterization was performed in 77 women with previous GDM (pGDM) and 41 controls 3–6 month after delivery: 3-h OGTT, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Follow-up examinations of pGDMs were performed up to 10 years. HbA1c (venous samples, HPLC) was assessed at baseline as well as during the follow-up period (475 patient contacts). Moderate associations were observed between HbA1c and measurements of plasma glucose during the OGTT at the baseline examination: The strongest correlation was found for FPG (r = 0.40, p < 0.001), decreasing after ingestion. No associations were detected between HbA1c and OGTT dynamics of insulin or C-peptide. Moreover, baseline HbA1c showed only modest correlation with insulin sensitivity (r = −0.25, p = 0.010) and disposition index (r = −0.26, p = 0.007). A linear model including fasting as well as post-load glucose levels was not improved by HbA1c. However, pGDM females with overt diabetes manifestation during the follow-up period showed more pronounced increasing HbA1c in contrast to females remaining normal glucose tolerant or developing prediabetes. It is suggested that the performance of HbA1c assessed early after delivery is inferior to the OGTT for the detection of early alterations in glucose metabolism. However, an increase in HbA1c levels could be used as an indicator of risk for diabetes manifestation. © 2014, Springer-Verlag Italia.
Oxidative stress and altered lipid homeostasis in the programming of offspring fatty liver by maternal obesity; Changes in the maternal nutritional environment during fetal development can influence offspring's metabolic risk in later life. Animal models have demonstrated that offspring of diet-induced obese dams develop metabolic complications, including nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In this study we investigated the mechanisms in young offspring that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Female offspring of C57BL/6J dams fed either a control or obesogenic diet were studied at 8 wk of age. We investigated the roles of oxidative stress and lipid metabolism in contributing to fatty liver in offspring. There were no differences in body weight or adiposity at 8 wk of age; however, offspring of obese dams were hyperinsulinemic. Oxidative damage markers were significantly increased in their livers, with reduced levels of the antioxidant enzyme glutathione peroxidase-1. Mitochondrial complex I and II activities were elevated, while levels of mitochondrial cytochrome c were significantly reduced and glutamate dehydrogenase was significantly increased, suggesting mitochondrial dysfunction. Offspring of obese dams also had significantly greater hepatic lipid content, associated with increased levels of PPARγ and reduced triglyceride lipase. Liver glycogen and protein content were concomitantly reduced in offspring of obese dams. In conclusion, offspring of diet-induced obese dams have disrupted liver metabolism and develop NAFLD prior to any differences in body weight or body composition. Oxidative stress may play a mechanistic role in the progression of fatty liver in these offspring. © 2014 the American Physiological Society.
Maternal and fetal carbohydrate, lipid and protein metabolisms; Fetal period is characterized by the rapid growth and maturation of tissues and organs. There are various alterations in carbohydrate, lipid and protein metabolisms in mother to provide nutrition to fetus. If something is wrong about these metabolisms in mother, this will indirectly affect fetus. So it is essential to elucidate the maternal and fetal carbohydrate, lipid and protein metabolisms in the management of a pregnant woman. Mild fasting hypoglycemia, postprandial hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and increased peripheral insulin resistance are the characteristics of pregnancy. The fetus primarily depends on glucose as the energy source but can also use other substrates such as lactate, keto acids, amino acids, fatty acids and glycogen as energy sources. Proteins are needed as structural components. Alterations in lipid metabolism cause accumulation of maternal fat stores in the early pregnancy in order to enhance lipolysis in the late pregnancy providing glucose and amino acids for fetus while promoting usage of lipids as maternal energy source. Maternal energy metabolism affects fetal energy metabolism both in short and long terms. By the clarification of maternal and fetal energy metabolisms, it may be possible to predict and prevent some diseases of a newborn in the future. © 2014, TIP ARASTIRMALARI DERNEGI. All rights reserved.
Peri-conceptional obesogenic exposure induces sex-specific programming of disease susceptibilities in adult mouse offspring; Vulnerability of the fetus upon maternal obesity can potentially occur during all developmental phases. We aimed at elaborating longer-term health outcomes of fetal overnutrition during the earliest stages of development. We utilized Naval Medical Research Institute (NMRI) mice to induce pre-conceptional and gestational obesity and followed offspring outcomes in the absence of any postnatal obesogenic influences. Male adult offspring developed overweight, insulin resistance, hyperleptinemia, hyperuricemia and hepatic steatosis; all these features were not observed in females. Instead, they showed impaired fasting glucose and a reduced fat mass and adipocyte size. Influences of the interaction of maternal diet. *. sex concerned offspring genes involved in fatty liver disease, lipid droplet size regulation and fat mass expansion. These data suggest that a peri-conceptional obesogenic exposure is sufficient to shape offspring gene expression patterns and health outcomes in a sex- and organ-specific manner, indicating varying developmental vulnerabilities between sexes towards metabolic disease in response to maternal overnutrition. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Role of diacylglycerol activation of PKCθ in lipid-induced muscle insulin resistance in humans; Muscle insulin resistance is a key feature of obesity and type 2 diabetes and is strongly associated with increased intramyocellular lipid content and inflammation. However, the cellular and molecular mechanisms responsible for causing muscle insulin resistance in humans are still unclear. To address this question, we performed serial muscle biopsies in healthy, lean subjects before and during a lipid infusion to induce acute muscle insulin resistance and assessed lipid and inflammatory parameters that have been previously implicated in causing muscle insulin resistance. We found that acute induction of muscle insulin resistance was associated with a transient increase in total and cytosolic diacylglycerol (DAG) content that was temporally associated with protein kinase (PKC)θ activation, increased insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1 serine 1101 phosphorylation, and inhibition of insulin-stimulated IRS-1 tyrosine phosphorylation and AKT2 phosphorylation. In contrast, there were no associations between insulin resistance and alterations in muscle ceramide, acylcarnitine content, or adipocytokines (interleukin-6, adiponectin, retinol-binding protein 4) or soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1. Similar associations between muscle DAG content, PKCθ activation, and muscle insulin resistance were observed in healthy insulin-resistant obese subjects and obese type 2 diabetic subjects. Taken together, these data support a key role for DAG activation of PKCθ in the pathogenesis of lipid-induced muscle insulin resistance in obese and type 2 diabetic individuals.
Vitamin D and inflammatory diseases; Beyond its critical function in calcium homeostasis, vitamin D has recently been found to play an important role in the modulation of the immune/inflammation system via regulating the production of inflammatory cytokines and inhibiting the proliferation of proinflammatory cells, both of which are crucial for the pathogenesis of inflammatory diseases. Several studies have associated lower vitamin D status with increased risk and unfavorable outcome of acute infections. Vitamin D supplementation bolsters clinical responses to acute infection. Moreover, chronic inflammatory diseases, such as atherosclerosis-related cardiovascular disease, asthma, inflammatory bowel disease, chronic kidney disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and others, tend to have lower vitamin D status, which may play a pleiotropic role in the pathogenesis of the diseases. In this article, we review recent epidemiological and interventional studies of vitamin D in various inflammatory diseases. The potential mechanisms of vitamin D in regulating immune/inflammatory responses in inflammatory diseases are also discussed. © 2014 Yin and Agrawal.
Mid- to late term hypoxia in the mouse alters placental morphology, glucocorticoid regulatory pathways and nutrient transporters in a sex-specific manner; Key points: Maternal hypoxia is a common perturbation that may impair fetal development and programme sex specific disease outcomes in offspring. There is growing interest in the role of the placenta in mediating the effects of maternal hypoxia on fetal development, particularly in late gestation during maximal fetal growth. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to play a role in hypoxia induced impairment of placental development. Here we investigated the role of glucocorticoids and glucose regulation. This study shows that fetal sex determines placental adaptations to maternal hypoxia: while maternal hypoxia increased maternal glucose and corticosterone levels in both sexes, placental adaptations to impaired maternal physiology were more evident in female fetuses, in which factors responsible for the regulation of glucocorticoids and nutrient transport were most severely affected by maternal hypoxia. Maternal hypoxia is a common perturbation that can disrupt placental and thus fetal development, contributing to neonatal impairments. Recently, evidence has suggested that physiological outcomes are dependent upon the sex of the fetus, with males more susceptible to hypoxic insults than females. This study investigated the effects of maternal hypoxia during mid- to late gestation on fetal growth and placental development and determined if responses were sex specific. CD1 mice were housed under 21% or 12% oxygen from embryonic day (E) 14.5 until tissue collection at E18.5. Fetuses and placentas were weighed before collection for gene and protein expression and morphological analysis. Hypoxia reduced fetal weight in both sexes at E18.5 by 7% but did not affect placental weight. Hypoxia reduced placental mRNA levels of the mineralocorticoid and glucocorticoid receptors and reduced the gene and protein expression of the glucocorticoid metabolizing enzyme HSD11B2. However, placentas of female fetuses responded differently to maternal hypoxia than did placentas of male fetuses. Notably, morphology was significantly altered in placentas from hypoxic female fetuses, with a reduction in placental labyrinth blood spaces. In addition mRNA expression of Glut1, Igf2 and Igf1r were reduced in placentas of female fetuses only. In summary, maternal hypoxia altered placental formation in a sex specific manner through mechanisms involving placental vascular development, growth factor and nutrient transporter expression and placental glucocorticoid signalling. This study provides insight into how sex differences in offspring disease development may be due to sex specific placental adaptations to maternal insults. © 2014 The Physiological Society.
Critical periods of increased fetal vulnerability to a maternal high fat diet; Background: Fetal adaptations to high fat (HF) diet in utero (IU) that may predispose to Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) in adulthood include changes in fetal hepatic gene expression. Studies were performed to determine whether maternal exposure to HF diet at different stages during pregnancy had different effects on the fetus, including hepatic gene expression.Methods: Female wild type mice were fed either a HF or breeding chow (C) for 2 wks prior to mating. The experimental groups were composed of embryonic day (e) 18.5 fetuses obtained from WT female mice that were fed HF (HF, 35.5% fat) or breeding chow (C, 9.5% fat) for 2 wk before mating until e9.5 of pregnancy (periconception-midpregnancy). At e9.5 dams were switched to the opposite diet (C-HF or HF-C).Results: Exposure to HF diet throughout pregnancy reduced maternal weight gain compared to C diet (p < 0.02 HF vs. C). HF-C dams had significantly decreased adiponectin levels and litter size when compared to C-HF (p < 0.02 HF-C vs C-HF). Independent of the timing of exposure to HF, fetal weight and length were significantly decreased when compared to C diet (HF, C-HF and HF-C vs. C p < 0.02). HF diet during the second half of pregnancy increased expression of genes in the fetal liver associated with fetal growth (C-HF vs C p < 0.001), glucose production (C-HF vs C p < 0.04), oxidative stress and inflammation (C-HF vs C p < 0.01) compared to C diet.Conclusions: This model defines that there are critical periods during gestation in which the fetus is actively shaped by the environment. Early exposure to a HF diet determines litter size while exposure to HF during the second half of pregnancy leads to dysregulation of expression of key genes responsible for fetal growth, hepatic glucose production and oxidative stress. These findings underscore the importance of future studies designed to clarify how these critical periods may influence future risk of developing MetS later in life. © 2014 Plata et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Induction of miR-29a by saturated fatty acids impairs insulin signaling and glucose uptake through translational repression of IRS-1 in myocytes; MicroRNAs have been shown to play an important role in insulin signaling but their biological function in insulin resistance induced by saturated fatty acids (SFA) remains largely unknown. Here, we report that SFA palmitate and high fat diet (HFD) significantly increase expression of miR-29a in myocytes. miR-29a targets IRS-1 3'UTR directly and represses IRS-1 expression at the translational level. Furthermore, the ectopic expression of miR-29a impairs insulin signaling and glucose uptake in myocytes through a substantial decrease in IRS-1. These findings suggest that the up-regulation of miR-29a by SFA is causally related to the development of insulin resistance in myocytes. © 2014 Federation of European Biochemical Societies. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Selective regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism by the AMP-activated protein kinase pathway in late-pregnant rats; The liver plays an essential role in maternal metabolic adaptation during late pregnancy. With regard to lipid metabolism, increased secretion of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) is characteristic of late pregnancy. Despite this well-described metabolic plasticity, the molecular changes underlying the hepatic adaptation to pregnancy remain unclear. As AMPK is a key intracellular energy sensor, we investigated whether this protein assumes a causal role in the hepatic adaptation to pregnancy. Pregnant Wistar rats were treated with vehicle or AICAR (5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide) for 5 days starting at gestational day 14. At the end of treatment, the rats were subjected to an intraperitoneal pyruvate tolerance test and in situ liver perfusion with pyruvate. The livers were processed for Western blot analysis, quantitative PCR, thin-layer chromatography, enzymatic activity, and glycogen content measurements. Blood biochemical profiles were also assessed. We found that AMPK and ACC phosphorylation were reduced in the livers of pregnant rats in parallel with a reduced level of hepatic gluconeogenesis of pyruvate. This effect was accompanied by both a reduction in the levels of hepatic triglycerides (TG) and an increase in circulating levels of TG. Treatment with AICAR restored hepatic levels of TG to those observed in nonpregnant rats. Additionally, AMPK activation reduced the upregulation of genes related to VLDL synthesis and secretion observed in the livers of pregnant rats. We conclude that the increased secretion of hepatic TG in late pregnancy is concurrent with a transcriptional profile that favors VLDL production. This transcriptional profile results from the reduction in hepatic AMPK activity. © 2014 the American Physiological Society.
Sexual dimorphism in white and brown adipose tissue with obesity and inflammation; This article is part of a Special Issue "Energy Balance".Obesity and its associated comorbidities remain at epidemic levels globally and show no signs of abatement in either adult or child populations. White adipose tissue has long been established as an endocrine signalling organ possessing both metabolic and immune functions. This role can become dysregulated following excess adiposity caused by adipocyte hypertrophy and hyperplasia. In contrast, brown adipose tissue (BAT) is only present in comparatively small amounts in the body but can significantly impact on heat production, and thus could prevent excess white adiposity. Obesity and associated risk factors for adverse metabolic health are not only linked with enlarged fat mass but also are dependent on its anatomical deposition. In addition, numerous studies have revealed a disparity in white adipose tissue deposition prior to and during the development of obesity between the sexes. Females therefore tend to develop a greater abundance of femoral and gluteal subcutaneous fat whereas males exhibit more central adiposity. In females, lower body subcutaneous adipose tissue depots appear to possess a greater capacity for lipid storage, enhanced lipolytic flux and hyperplastic tissue remodelling compared to visceral adipocytes. These differences are acknowledged to contribute to the poorer metabolic and inflammatory profiles observed in males. Importantly, the converse outcomes between sexes disappear after the menopause, suggesting a role for sex hormones within the onset of metabolic complications with obesity. This review further considers how BAT impacts upon on the relationship between excess adiposity, gender, inflammation and endocrine signalling and could thus ultimately be a target to prevent obesity. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Lack of platelet-activating factor receptor protects mice against diet-induced adipose inflammation and insulin-resistance despite fat pad expansion; Objective The role of platelet-activating factor (PAF) on diet-induced inflammatory and metabolic dysfunction is unknown. The effects of diet-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysfunction in mice with deletion of the PAF receptor (PAFR-/-) were evaluated in this study. Methods Wild-type and PAFR-/- mice were fed chow (WT-C and PAFR-/--C) or high-refined carbohydrate-containing diet (WT-HC and PAFR-/--HC). PAFR-/-- Results HC mice gained more weight and adiposity than PAFR-/--C and WT-HC mice. Lipogenesis increased and hormone-sensitive lipase expression decreased in PAFR-/--HC compared to WT-HC mice. WT-HC mice had impaired glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity compared to WT-C mice. In contrast, glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in PAFR -/--HC mice were similar to that of lean littermates. PAFR -/--HC mice expressed significantly more peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor gamma (PPARγ) than PAFR-/--C and WT-C mice. Resistin increased in WT-HC mice compared to WT-C mice. However, the levels of resistin were 35% lower in PAFR-/--HC mice than WT-HC mice. PAFR-/- presented with less HC diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation than WT mice. Adipocytes isolated from PAFR-/- mice incubated in media containing normal or high levels of glucose secreted less interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha and presented lower rate of lipolysis than WT mice. Conclusion PAFR deficiency resulted in less inflammation in adipose tissue and improvement in glucose homeostasis when fed the HC diet. The higher adiposity observed in PAFR-/- mice fed HC diet could be owing to the maintenance of insulin sensitivity, decreased adipocyte lipolysis rate, high lipogenesis and PPARγ expression, and lower inflammatory milieu in adipose tissue. Copyright © 2013 The Obesity Society.
The microvasculature: A target for nutritional programming and later risk of cardio-metabolic disease; There is compelling evidence that microvascular deficits affecting multiple tissues and organs play an important role in the aetiopathogenesis of cardio-metabolic disease. Furthermore, both in humans and animal models, deficits in small vessel structure and function can be detected early, often before the onset of macrovascular disease and the development of end-organ damage that is common to hypertension and obesity-associated clinical disorders. This article considers the growing evidence for the negative impact of an adverse maternal diet on the long-term health of her child, and how this can result in a disadvantageous vascular phenotype that extends to the microvascular bed. We describe how structural and functional modifications in the offspring microcirculation during development may represent an important and additional risk determinant to increase susceptibility to the development of cardio-metabolic disease in adult life and consider the cell-signalling pathways associated with endothelial dysfunction that may be 'primed' by the maternal environment. Published studies were identified that reported outcomes related to the microcirculation, endothelium, maternal diet and vascular programming using NCBI PubMed.gov, MEDLINE and ISI Web of Science databases from 1980 until April 2013 using pre-specified search terms. Information extracted from over 230 original reports and review articles was critically evaluated by the authors for inclusion in this review. © 2013 Scandinavian Physiological Society.
Concentrations of chromium, selenium, and copper in the hair of viscerally obese adults are associated with insulin resistance; Visceral adiposity is linked to the development of insulin resistance, which is a condition that may contribute to metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular disease. Various minerals play essential roles in different metabolic functions in the body. Thus, the relationships between mineral concentrations in the hair and insulin resistance were analyzed in 144 Korean adults (71 viscerally obese subjects and 73 normal control subjects) in this cross-sectional study. Visceral obesity was measured using a bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA), and insulin resistance levels were assessed using the homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. The viscerally obese group exhibited significantly higher levels of serum glucose (96.5 vs 91.0 mg/dL, P=0.023), insulin concentration (4.78 vs 2.98 μIU/mL, P=0.003), and the HOMA-IR index (1.18 vs 0.64, P=0.003) compared with the normal control group. After adjusting for age and sex, there was a positive correlation between copper levels in the hair and the HOMA-IR index in the viscerally obese group (r=0.241, P=0.046) whereas chromium and selenium levels in the hair were negatively correlated with the HOMA-IR index (r=-0.256, P=0.034, and r=-0.251, P=0.038, respectively). Thus, chromium and selenium levels in the hair of viscerally obese adults were inversely associated with insulin resistance, whereas copper levels in the hair were positively associated with insulin resistance. This suggests that the mineral status of viscerally obese adults might play a role in the development of insulin resistance. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media.
Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome affects liver histology and inflammatory cell activation in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, regardless of obesity/insulin resistance; Rationale: Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are frequently encountered in obese children. Whether OSAS and intermittent hypoxia are associated with liver injury in pediatric NAFLD is unknown. Objectives: To assess the relationship of OSAS with liver injury in pediatric NAFLD. Methods: Sixty-five consecutive children with biopsy-proven NAFLD (age, mean ± SD, 11.7 ± 2.1 yr; 58% boys; body mass index z score, 1.93 ± 0.61) underwent a clinical-biochemical assessment and a standard polysomnography. Insulin sensitivity, circulating proinflammatory cytokines, markers of hepatocyte apoptosis (cytokeratin-18 fragments), and hepatic fibrogenesis (hyaluronic acid) were measured. Liver inflammatory infiltrate was characterized by immunohistochemistry for CD45, CD3, and CD163, surface markers of leukocytes, T cells, and activated macrophage/Kupffer cells, respectively. OSAS was defined by an apnea/hypopnea index (AHI) greater than or equal to 1 event/h, and severe OSAS was defined by an AHI greater than or equal to 5 events/h. Measurements and Main Results: Fifty-five percent of children with NAFLD had nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and 34% had significant (stage F ≥ 2) fibrosis. OSAS affected 60% of children with NAFLD; the presence and severity of OSAS were associated with the presence of NASH (odds ratio, 4.89; 95% confidence interval, 3.08-5.98; P = 0.0001), significant fibrosis (odds ratio, 5.91; 95% confidence interval, 3.23-7.42; P = 0.0001), and NAFLD activity score (b, 0.347; P = 0.029), independently of body mass index, abdominal adiposity, metabolic syndrome, and insulin resistance. This relationship held also in nonobese children with NAFLD. The duration of hemoglobin desaturation (SaO2 < 90%) correlated with increased intrahepatic leukocytes and activated macrophages/Kupffer cells and with circulating markers of hepatocyte apoptosis and fibrogenesis. Conclusions: In pediatric NAFLD, OSAS is associated with biochemical, immunohistochemical, and histological features of NASH and fibrosis. The impact of hypoxemia correction on liver disease severity warrants evaluation in future trials. Copyright © 2014 by the American Thoracic Society.
Personalized diabetes therapy - State of the art; Personalized medicine aims to individualize prevention and treatment options. The concept is based on the identification of genes and biomarkers which allow choosing an individualized therapy. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a very heterogeneous disease with an increasing prevalence. Associations were identified between genetic factors and the response to lifestyle interventions that aim to prevent T2DM as well as between genetic factors and the response to drug treatment. Gene polymorphisms that influence the treatment response were found for example for the treatment with sulfonylurea, biguanides, thiazolidinediones, and ACE (angiotensin converting enzyme)-inhibitors. Intense basic and clinical research is needed in order to reach the longitudinal aim of personalized medicine that comprises a reduction of the incidence of T2DM by successful diabetes prevention as well as an optimal therapy of the disease. In addition, personal, infrastructural, ethical and financial barriers need to be overcome for an implementation of an individualized medicine. Based on the initial findings, a personalization of the prevention and the therapy of T2DM could become increasingly important.
Inputs and outputs of insulin receptor; The insulin receptor (IR) is an important hub in insulin signaling and its activation is tightly regulated. Upon insulin stimulation, IR is activated through autophosphorylation, and consequently phosphorylates several insulin receptor substrate (IRS) proteins, including IRS1-6, Shc and Gab1. Certain adipokines have also been found to activate IR. On the contrary, PTP, Grb and SOCS proteins, which are responsible for the negative regulation of IR, are characterized as IR inhibitors. Additionally, many other proteins have been identified as IR substrates and participate in the insulin signaling pathway. To provide a more comprehensive understanding of the signals mediated through IR, we reviewed the upstream and downstream signal molecules of IR, summarized the positive and negative modulators of IR, and discussed the IR substrates and interacting adaptor proteins. We propose that the molecular events associated with IR should be integrated to obtain a better understanding of the insulin signaling pathway and diabetes. © 2014 The Author(s).
Possible role of NUCB2/nesfatin-1 in adipogenesis; NUCB2 and its proteolytically cleaved product nesfatin-1 were initially identified as hypothalamic neuroproteins that inhibit food intake, via a leptin-independent pathway. Since then recent studies have found NUCB2/nesfatin-1 to be expressed both centrally, as well as in peripheral tissues. The recent implementation of novel experimental approaches has produced a large body of evidence implicating NUCB2/nesfatin-1 in a diverse range of biological functions and in the modulation of food intake, energy homeostasis and metabolism. In this review, we discuss the discovery of NUCB2 and its proteolytic product nesfatin-1, and its expression in both central and peripheral tissues. In addition we shed light on the most recent discoveries supporting the role for NUCB2/nesfatin-1 in peripheral tissues and its association with metabolic alterations. Moreover, we highlight the importance of NUCB2 and nesfatin-1 in adipose tissue, its regulation of adipogenesis and obesity-associated metabolic diseases. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
The effect of genotype and in utero environment on interindividual variation in neonate DNA methylomes; Integrating the genotype with epigenetic marks holds the promise of better understanding the biology that underlies the complex interactions of inherited and environmental components that define the developmental origins of a range of disorders. The quality of the in utero environment significantly influences health over the lifecourse. Epigenetics, and in particular DNA methylation marks, have been postulated as a mechanism for the enduring effects of the prenatal environment. Accordingly, neonate methylomes contain molecular memory of the individual in utero experience. However, interindividual variation in methylation can also be a consequence of DNA sequence polymorphisms that result in methylation quantitative trait loci (methQTLs) and, potentially, the interaction between fixed genetic variation and environmental influences. We surveyed the genotypes and DNA methylomes of 237 neonates and found 1423 punctuate regions of the methylome that were highly variable across individuals, termed variably methylated regions (VMRs), against a backdrop of homogeneity. MethQTLs were readily detected in neonatal methylomes, and genotype alone best explained ∼25% of the VMRs. We found that the best explanation for 75% of VMRs was the interaction of genotype with different in utero environments, including maternal smoking, maternal depression,maternal BMI, infant birth weight, gestational age, and birth order. Our study sheds new light on the complex relationship between biological inheritance as represented by genotype and individual prenatal experience and suggests the importance of considering both fixed genetic variation and environmental factors in interpreting epigenetic variation. © 2014 Teh et al.
Epidemiological associations between iron and cardiovascular disease and diabetes; Disruptions in iron homeostasis are linked to a broad spectrum of chronic conditions including cardiovascular, malignant, metabolic, and neurodegenerative disease. Evidence supporting this contention derives from a variety of analytical approaches, ranging from molecular to population-based studies. This review focuses on key epidemiological studies that assess the relationship between body iron status and chronic diseases, with particular emphasis on atherosclerosis ,metabolic syndrome and diabetes. Multiple surrogates have been used to measure body iron status, including serum ferritin, transferrin saturation, serum iron, and dietary iron intake. The lack of a uniform and standardized means of assessing body iron status has limited the precision of epidemiological associations. Intervention studies using depletion of iron to alter risk have been conducted. Genetic and molecular techniques have helped to explicate the biochemistry of iron metabolism at the molecular level. Plausible explanations for how iron contributes to the pathogenesis of these chronic diseases are beginning to be elucidated. Most evidence supports the hypothesis that excess iron contributes to chronic disease by fostering excess production of free radicals. Overall, epidemiological studies, reinforced by basic science experiments, provide a strong line of evidence supporting the association between iron and elevated risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes. In this narrative review we attempt to condense the information from existing literature on this topic. © 2014 Basuli, Stevens, Torti and Torti.
Cord blood chemerin: Differential effects of gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity; Objective Chemerin is a novel adipokine implicated in inflammation and obesity. We hypothesized that foetal chemerin would be elevated in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and correlate with foetal and maternal adiposity. Design Observational, longitudinal study. Subjects and measurements Foetal chemerin was measured separately in arterial and venous cord blood of 30 infants born to mothers with (n = 15) and without GDM (n = 15), in their mothers in early third trimester and at delivery and in amniotic fluid (week 32) of women with GDM. Expression of chemerin and its receptor in human foetal tissues commercially available and in placental cells was measured by quantitative PCR. Associations between foetal and maternal anthropometric and metabolic variables were assessed in multivariate regression models. Results In GDM, foetal arterial but not venous cord blood chemerin levels were elevated by about 60% (P < 0·05). Venous cord blood chemerin was higher in infants of obese women (P < 0·01). In multivariate analyses, neither amniotic fluid nor cord blood chemerin levels correlated with birth weight or ponderal index. Both arterial and venous chemerin levels were related to maternal chemerin at birth, and arterial chemerin was associated with GDM status in addition. Maternal levels were unaltered in GDM, but higher in maternal obesity. Foetal liver produces fourfold more chemerin mRNA than other foetal tissues, whereas its receptor prevails in spleen. Conclusions Based on multivariate analyses, foetal growth appears unrelated to foetal chemerin. Maternal obesity and GDM have differential effects on foetal chemerin levels. Site of major production (liver) and action (spleen) differ in human foetal tissues. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Neuronal ablation of p-Akt at Ser473 leads to altered 5-HT1A/2A receptor function; The serotonergic system regulates a wide range of behavior, including mood and impulsivity, and its dysregulation has been associated with mood disorders, autism spectrum disorder, and addiction. Diabetes is a risk factor for these conditions. Insulin resistance in the brain is specifically associated with susceptibility to psychostimulant abuse. Here, we examined whether phosphorylation of Akt, a key regulator of the insulin signaling pathway, controls serotonin (5-HT) signaling. To explore how impairment in Akt function regulates 5-HT homeostasis, we used a brain-specific rictor knockout (KO) mouse model of impaired neuronal phosphorylation of Akt at Ser473. Cortical 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2A receptor binding was significantly elevated in rictor KO mice. Concomitant with this elevated receptor expression, the 5-HT1A receptor agonist 8-Hydroxy-2-(di-n-propylamino)tetralin (8-OH-DPAT) led to an increased hypothermic response in rictor KO mice. The increased cortical 5-HT1A receptor density was associated with higher 5-HT1A receptor levels on the cortical cell surface. In contrast, rictor KO mice displayed significantly reduced head-twitch response (HTR) to the 5-HT2A/C agonist 2,5-dimethoxy-4-iodoamphetamine (DOI), with evidence of impaired 5-HT2A/C receptor signaling. In vitro, pharmacological inhibition of Akt significantly increased 5-HT1A receptor expression and attenuated DOI-induced 5-HT2A receptor signaling, thereby lending credence to the observed in vivo cross-talk between neuronal Akt signaling and 5-HT receptor regulation. These data reveal that defective central Akt function alters 5-HT signaling as well as 5-HT-associated behaviors, demonstrating a novel role for Akt in maintaining neuronal 5-HT receptor function. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis, evaluation, and management of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Objective This guideline summarizes the quality of the evidence to date and provides a reasonable approach to the diagnosis, evaluation and treatment of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Evidence The literature reviewed included the previous Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada (SOGC) HDP guidelines from 2008 and their reference lists, and an update from 2006. Medline, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR), Cochrane Central Registry of Controlled Trials (CCRCT) and Database of Abstracts and Reviews of Effects (DARE) were searched for literature published between January 2006 and March 2012. Articles were restricted to those published in French or English. Recommendations were evaluated using the criteria of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care and GRADE. © 2014 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fruit and vegetable intake, as reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, predicts reduced probability of polychlorinated biphenyl-associated risk for type 2 diabetes: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004; Type 2 diabetes has been shown to occur in response to environmental and genetic influences, among them nutrition; food intake patterns; sedentary lifestyle; body mass index; and exposure to persistent organic pollutants, such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Nutrition is essential in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes and has been shown to modulate the toxicity of PCBs. Serum carotenoid concentrations, considered a reliable biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake, are associated with the reduced probability of chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Our hypothesis is that fruit and vegetable intake, reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, is associated with the reduced probability of developing type 2 diabetes in US adults with elevated serum concentrations of PCBs 118, 126, and 153. This cross-sectional study used the Center for Disease Control and Prevention database, National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004, in logistic regression analyses. Overall prevalence of type 2 diabetes was approximately 11.6% depending on the specific PCB. All 3 PCBs were positively associated with the probability of type 2 diabetes. For participants at higher PCB percentiles (eg, 75th and 90th) for PCB 118 and 126, increasing serum carotenoid concentrations were associated with a smaller probability of type 2 diabetes. Fruit and vegetable intake, as reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, predicted notably reduced probability of dioxin-like PCB-associated risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Browning of white fat: Does irisin play a role in humans?; The discovery of irisin as an exercise-regulated myokine inducing browning of WAT has gained interest as a potential new strategy to combat obesity and its associated disorders, such as type 2 diabetes. However, there are inconsistencies regarding the relevance of irisin in humans. The regulation of FNDC5 mRNA expression by exercise and contraction could not be reproduced by a number of human studies using several exercise protocols and in vitro approaches. Furthermore, the nature of FNDC5 fragments and the presence of irisin in humans are questionable and probably contribute to conflicting data obtained with commercially available ELISA kits. Most importantly, the information regarding the concentration of circulating irisin in humans is not clear, as different studies using different kits measure irisin levels in a wide range. Data about the role of irisin in states of human obesity and metabolic diseases are conflicting and, in some cases, changes in irisin levels have been observed; they were only moderate in 10-20%. Independent of the presence and regulation of FNDC5/irisin in humans, the application of recombinant irisin could still represent a therapeutic strategy to fight obesity. However, the current data obtained from human cell models reveal that FNDC5/irisin has no effect on browning of the major WAT depots in humans and is likely to selectively target a small subpopulation of adipocytes, which are located in classical BAT regions, such as the supraclavicular adipose tissue. Thus, other candidates, such as BMP7 or CNPs, seem to be more prominent candidates as inducers of browning in humans. © 2014 Society for Endocrinology.
Clinical association between serum γ-glutamyltransferase levels and the development of insulin resistance in Korean men: A 5-year follow-up study; Aims: In recent years, γ-glutamyltransferase has emerged as a predictor of cardiovascular disease, Type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome and hypertension. However, it is not yet certain whether γ-glutamyltransferase is a predictor for insulin resistance. The aim of this study was to examine the longitudinal association between baseline γ-glutamyltransferase level and the development of insulin resistance in Korean men. Methods: We performed a prospective cohort study, involving 22 931 healthy Korean men without baseline insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR < 2.7) for 5 years. We checked the HOMA-IR serially to monitor the development of insulin resistance (incidence of HOMA-IR ≥ 2.7). A Cox proportional hazards model was used to determine hazard ratios for insulin resistance by quartile groups of baseline serum γ-glutamyltransferase levels. Results: During 81 208.6 person-years of follow-up, 3856 (16.8%) cases of insulin resistance developed between 2006 and 2010. After adjusting for multiple covariates, including baseline HOMA-IR, the hazard ratios (95% CI) for incident insulin resistance comparing the second to the fourth quartile of baseline serum γ-glutamyltransferase levels with the first quartile were 1.19 (1.06-1.33), 1.38 (1.23-1.53) and 1.58 (1.41-1.77), respectively (P for trend < 0.001). Conclusions: Our findings show that serum γ-glutamyltransferase level could be a predictor of the development of insulin resistance in Korean men. © 2013 Diabetes UK.
Serum albumin level is a notable profiling factor for non-B, non-C hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma: A data-mining analysis; Aim: Various factors are underlying for the onset of non-B, non-C hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma (NBNC-HCC). We aimed to investigate the independent risk factors and profiles associated with NBNC-HCC using a data-mining technique. Methods: We conducted a case-control study and enrolled 223 NBNC-HCC patients and 669 controls from a health checkup database (n=176886). Multivariate analysis, random forest analysis and a decision-tree algorithm were employed to examine the independent risk factors, factors distinguishing between the case and control groups, and to identify profiles for the incidence of NBNC-HCC, respectively. Results: In multivariate analysis, besides γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels and the Brinkman index, albumin level was an independent negative risk factor for the incidence of NBNC-HCC (odds ratio=0.67; 95% confidence interval=0.60-0.70; P<0.0001). In random forest analysis, serum albumin level was the highest-ranked variable for distinguishing between the case and control groups (98 variable importance). A decision-tree algorithm was created for albumin and GGT levels, the aspartate aminotransferase-to-platelet ratio index (APRI) and the Brinkman index. The serum albumin level was selected as the initial split variable, and 82.5% of the subjects with albumin levels of less than 4.01g/dL were found to have NBNC-HCC. Conclusion: Data-mining analysis revealed that serum albumin level is an independent risk factor and the most distinguishable factor associated with the incidence of NBNC-HCC. Furthermore, we created an NBNC-HCC profile consisting of albumin and GGT levels, the APRI and the Brinkman index. This profile could be used in the screening strategy for NBNC-HCC. © 2013 The Japan Society of Hepatology.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects many women in pregnancy and is enhanced by epidemic conditions of obesity, increasing age at the time of the first pregnancy, stressful life conditions, a sedentary lifestyle with less physical activity and unhealthy nutrition with highly processed, high-calorie food intake. GDM does not affect the mother and offspring in pregnancy alone, as there is compelling evidence of the long-term effects of the hyperglycemic state in pregnancy postpartum. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome are more common in GDM women, and even the offspring of GDM women are reported to have higher obesity rates and a higher risk for noncommunicable diseases. Early prevention of risk factors seems to be key to overcoming the vicious cycle of cardiometabolic disease onset. © 2014 Future Medicine Ltd.
Increasing maternal body mass index is associated with systemic inflammation in the mother and the activation of distinct placental inflammatory pathways; Obese pregnant women have increased levels of proinflammatory cytokines in maternal circulation and placental tissues. However, the pathways contributing to placental inflammation in obesity are largely unknown. We tested the hypothesis that maternal body mass index (BMI) was associated with elevated proinflammatory cytokines in maternal and fetal circulations and increased activation of placental inflammatory pathways. A total of 60 women of varying pre-/early pregnancy BMI, undergoing delivery by Cesarean section at term, were studied. Maternal and fetal (cord) plasma were collected for analysis of insulin, leptin, IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-8, monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP) 1, and TNFalpha by multiplex ELISA. Activation of the inflammatory pathways in the placenta was investigated by measuring the phosphorylated and total protein expression of p38-mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), c-Jun-N-terminal kinase (JNK)-MAPK, signal transducer-activated transcription factor (STAT) 3, caspase-1, IL-1beta, IkappaB-alpha protein, and p65 DNA-binding activity. To determine the link between activated placental inflammatory pathways and elevated maternal cytokines, cultured primary human trophoblast (PHT) cells were treated with physiological concentrations of insulin, MCP-1, and TNFalpha, and inflammatory signaling analyzed by Western blot. Maternal BMI was positively correlated with maternal insulin, leptin, MCP-1, and TNFalpha, whereas only fetal leptin was increased with BMI. Placental phosphorylation of p38-MAPK and STAT3, and the expression of IL-1beta protein, were increased with maternal BMI; phosphorylation of p38-MAPK was also correlated with birth weight. In contrast, placental NFkappaB, JNK and caspase-1 signaling, and fetal cytokine levels were unaffected by maternal BMI. In PHT cells, p38-MAPK was activated by MCP-1 and TNFalpha, whereas STAT3 phosphorylation was increased following TNFalpha treatment. Maternal BMI is associated with elevated maternal cytokines and activation of placental p38-MAPK and STAT3 inflammatory pathways, without changes in fetal systemic inflammatory profile. Activation of p38-MAPK by MCP-1 and TNFalpha, and STAT3 by TNFalpha, suggests a link between elevated proinflammatory cytokines in maternal plasma and activation of placental inflammatory pathways. We suggest that inflammatory processes associated with elevated maternal BMI may influence fetal growth by altering placental function. © 2014 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Omentin: Linking metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease; Omentin is an adipokine preferentially produced by visceral adipose tissue with insulin-sensitizing effects. Its expression is reduced in obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Omentin is also positively related with adiponectin, high-density lipoprotein levels and negatively related with body mass index, waist circumference, insulin resistance, triglyceride and leptin levels. Lower plasma omentin levels contribute to the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in obese or overweight patients. Omentin has anti-inflammatory, antiatherogenic, anti-cardiovascular disease and antidiabetic properties. With respect to vascular biology, omentin causes vasodilatation of blood vessels and attenuates C-reactive protein-induced angiogenesis. The ability of omentin to reduce insulin resistance in conjunction with its anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic properties makes it a promising therapeutic target. Thus, omentin may have beneficial effects on the metabolic syndrome and could potentially be used as a biologic marker and/or pharmacologic agent/target in this respect. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
The Obesogen Tributyltin; The obesogen hypothesis postulates the role of environmental chemical pollutants that disrupt homeostatic controls and adaptive mechanisms to promote adipose-dependent weight gain leading to obesity and metabolic syndrome complications. One of the most direct molecular mechanisms for coupling environmental chemical exposures to perturbed physiology invokes pollutants mimicking endogenous endocrine hormones or bioactive dietary signaling metabolites that serve as nuclear receptor ligands. The organotin pollutant tributyltin can exert toxicity through multiple mechanisms but most recently has been shown to bind, activate, and mediate RXR-PPARγ transcriptional regulation central to lipid metabolism and adipocyte biology. Data in support of long-term obesogenic effects on whole body adipose tissue are also reported. Organotins represent an important model test system for evaluating the impact and epidemiological significance of chemical insults as contributing factors for obesity and human metabolic health. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Lack of relationship between cord serum angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) and lipolytic activity in human neonates born by spontaneous delivery; Background: Ligands of peroxisome-proliferator activated receptors (PPARs), such as non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), induce expression of angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4). Recently ANGPTL4 has been reported to be a mediator of intracellular adipose lipolysis induced by glucocorticoids. Objective: To determine the concentrations of ANGPTL4 in cord serum of neonates born by spontaneous vaginal delivery (SVD) and by pre-labor cesarean section (CS) from healthy women, and to relate them to parameters of neonatal lipolytic activity at birth. Measurements: In 54 neonates born by SVD and in 56 neonates born by CS, arterial cord blood was drawn to determine insulin, cortisol, triacylglycerols (TAGs), glycerol, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), individual fatty acids, ANGPTL4, adiponectin, retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) and leptin. Results: Birth weight and neonatal fat mass in SVD and CS showed no difference, but the concentrations of glycerol, adiponectin, RBP4, NEFAs and most individual fatty acids were higher in cord serum of neonates born by SVD compared to CS, indicating a higher adipose tissue breakdown in the SVD group. The concentrations of TAG and cortisol were also higher and that of insulin was lower in cord serum of SVD compared to the CS group. However, the concentration in cord serum of ANGPTL4 did not differ between the two groups and no positive correlation with either NEFA or glycerol concentrations were detected. Conclusion: ANGPTL4 is known to stimulate lipolysis in adults, but does not appear to mediate the increased activity in SVD, indicating the presence of different regulatory inputs. © 2013 Ortega-Senovilla et al.
Effects of synbiotic food consumption on glycemic status and serum hs-CRP in pregnant women: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the effects of synbiotic food consumption on glycemic status and serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels of Iranian pregnant women. Design: This randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed among 52 pregnant women, primigravida, aged 18-35 year old, in their third trimester. After a 2-wk run-in period, subjects were randomly assigned to consume either a synbiotic (n=26) or control food (n=26) for 9 weeks. The synbiotic food consisted of a probiotic Lactobacillus sporogenes (1×107 CFU), 0.04 g inulin as prebiotic with 0.38 g isomalt, 0.36 g sorbitol and 0.05 g stevia as sweetener per 1 g. Control food (the same substance without probiotic bacteria and inulin) was packed in identical 9-gram packages. Patients were asked to consume the synbiotic and control foods two times a day. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after a 9-wk intervention for quantification of related factors. Results: Consumption of a synbiotic food did not show any significant change regarding the impact of insulin actions in the synbiotic group; nonetheless, compared to the control food, it resulted in a significant decrease in serum insulin levels (-0.26 vs. 6.34 μIU/mL, P=0.014) and HOMA-IR (-0.13 vs. 1.13, P=0.033), a significant difference in HOMA-B (5.30 vs. 34.22, P=0.040) and a significant rise in QUICKI score (0.002 vs. -0.02, P=0.022). Conclusions: Consumption of a synbiotic food for 9 weeks by pregnant women had beneficial effects on insulin actions compared to the control food, but did not affect FPG and serum hs-CRP concentrations.
Increased levels of fatty acids contributed to induction of hepatic CYP3A4 activity induced by diabetes - In vitro evidence from HepG2 cell and Fa2N-4 cell lines; Accumulating evidences have shown that diabetes upregulated the function and expression of CYP3A4, but the mechanism remained unclear. In this study, HepG2 cells were incubated with serum from diabetic rats induced by streptozotocin, and the activity of CYP3A4 was measured by substrate metabolism. Results showed that incubation with diabetic serum significantly induced CYP3A4 activity in HepG2 cells. To identify the specific factors contributing to the regulation, the abnormally altered components in diabetic serum, including glucose, insulin, cholesterol, and free fatty acids were screened. It was found that only fatty acids concentration-dependently up-regulated CYP3A4 activity, and the induction by fatty acids was further confirmed in Fa2N-4 cells. Data from western blotting and QT-PCR showed that induction of CYP3A4 activity was associated with up-regulation of CYP3A4 protein and mRNA levels. In addition, effects of pharmacological inhibitors on fatty acid-induced CYP3A4 activity were studied. The results indicated that the induction of CYP3A4 activity by oleic acid may be partly via AMPK-, PKC-, and NF-κB-dependent pathways, whereas that by palmitic acid was possibly associated with the PKC-dependent pathway. In conclusion, the increased levels of fatty acids may be one of the reasons leading to the elevated function and expression of CYP3A4 under diabetic conditions. © The Japanese Pharmacological Society.
Insulin resistance modulates iron-related proteins in adipose tissue; OBJECTIVE: Circulating markers of iron overload are associated with insulin resistance. Less is known about the impact of iron overload on adipose tissue (AT). We hypothesized that gene expression markers of iron metabolism in AT could be associated with insulin action. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The AT expression of ferroportin (SLC40A1), transferrin (TF), TF receptor (TFRC), ferritin (FT) heavy polypeptide 1 ( FTH1), and FT light polypeptide (FTL) was analyzed cross-sectionally in three independent cohorts and also after weight loss-induced changes in insulin sensitivity (clamp M value) in an independent fourth cohort. RESULTS: In human AT, TF mRNA and protein levels were decreased with obesity and insulin resistance in the three cohorts and were positively associated with adipogenic mRNAs and insulin action. Otherwise, FTL mRNA and protein and SLC40A1 transcripts were positively associated with BMI and negatively linked to adipogenic genes and insulin action. Bariatric surgery-induced weight loss led to increased TF and decreased TFRC, FTH1, FTL, and SLC40A1 in subcutaneous AT in parallel to improved insulin action. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that iron overload impacts on AT in association with insulin resistance. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Sexual dimorphism in offspring glucose-sensitive hypothalamic gene expression and physiological responses to maternal high-fat diet feeding; A wealth of animal and human studies demonstrate that early life environment significantly influences adult metabolic balance, however the etiology for offspring metabolic misprogramming remains incompletely understood. Here, we determine the effect of maternal diet per se on offspring sex-specific outcomes in metabolic health and hypothalamic transcriptome regulation in mice. Furthermore, to define developmental periods of maternal diet misprogramming aspects of offspring metabolic balance, we investigated offspring physiological and transcriptomic consequences of maternal high-fat/high-sugar diet feeding during pregnancy and/or lactation. We demonstrate that female offspring of high-fat/high-sugar diet-fed dams are particularly vulnerable to metabolic perturbation with body weight increases due to postnatal processes, whereas in utero effects of the diet ultimately lead to glucose homeostasis dysregulation. Furthermore, glucose- and maternal-diet sensitive gene expression modulation in the paraventricular hypothalamus is strikingly sexually dimorphic. In summary, we uncover female-specific, maternal diet-mediated in utero misprogramming of offspring glucose homeostasis and a striking sexual dimorphism in glucose-andmaternal diet-sensitive paraventricular hypothalamus gene expression adjustment. Notably, female offspring metabolic vulnerability to maternal high-fat/high-sugar diet propagates a vicious cycle of obesity and type 2 diabetes in subsequent generations. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society.
Clinical practice in diabetic foot; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a very frequent condition in females, still poorly understood. It causes an androgen excess, responsible of the main manifestations of the syndrome (Hirsutism, insulin resistance or menstrual irregularity/subfertility). Although common, there is controversy in the diagnosis and management of this disease, with several guidelines and recommendations available. Our objective is to summarize the most relevant ones and to provide an actualized point of view in terms of diagnosis, management and treatment of PCOS, as a tool for decision-making and evidence-based medical practice. © iMedPub.
Pregnancy-related liver disorders; Pregnancy-related liver disorders accounted for 8% of all maternal deaths at our center from 1999 to 2011. Of the three pregnancy-related liver disorders (acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP), HELLP (Hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets) syndrome and pre-eclamptic liver dysfunction, which can lead to adverse maternal and fetal outcome, AFLP is most typically under - diagnosed. Risk of maternal death can be minimised by timely recognition and early/aggressive multi-specialty management of these conditions. Urgent termination of pregnancy remains the cornerstone of therapy for some of these life threatening disorders, but recent advancements in our understanding help us in better overall management of these patients. This review focuses on various aspects of pregnancy-related liver disorders. © 2013 INASL.
Maternal obesity, inflammation, and developmental programming; The prevalence of obesity, especially in women of child-bearing age, is a global health concern. In addition to increasing the immediate risk of gestational complications, there is accumulating evidence that maternal obesity also has long-term consequences for the offspring. The concept of developmental programming describes the process in which an environmental stimulus, including altered nutrition, during critical periods of development can program alterations in organogenesis, tissue development, and metabolism, predisposing offspring to obesity and metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in later life. Although the mechanisms underpinning programming of metabolic disorders remain poorly defined, it has become increasingly clear that low-grade inflammation is associated with obesity and its comorbidities. This review will discuss maternal metainflammation as a mediator of programming in insulin sensitive tissues in offspring. Use of nutritional anti-inflammatories in pregnancy including omega 3 fatty acids, resveratrol, curcumin, and taurine may provide beneficial intervention strategies to ameliorate maternal obesity-induced programming. © 2014 Stephanie A. Segovia et al.
The impact of early nutrition on the ageing trajectory; Epidemiological studies, including those in identical twins, and in individuals in utero during periods of famine have provided robust evidence of strong correlations between low birth-weight and subsequent risk of disease in later life, including type 2 diabetes (T2D), CVD, and metabolic syndrome. These and studies in animal models have suggested that the early environment, especially early nutrition, plays an important role in mediating these associations. The concept of early life programming is therefore widely accepted; however the molecular mechanisms by which early environmental insults can have long-term effects on a cell and consequently the metabolism of an organism in later life, are relatively unclear. So far, these mechanisms include permanent structural changes to the organ caused by suboptimal levels of an important factor during a critical developmental period, changes in gene expression caused by epigenetic modifications (including DNA methylation, histone modification and microRNA) and permanent changes in cellular ageing. Many of the conditions associated with early-life nutrition are also those which have an age-associated aetiology. Recently, a common molecular mechanism in animal models of developmental programming and epidemiological studies has been development of oxidative stress and macromolecule damage, specifically DNA damage and telomere shortening. These are phenotypes common to accelerated cellular ageing. Thus, this review will encompass epidemiological and animal models of developmental programming with specific emphasis on cellular ageing and how these could lead to potential therapeutic interventions and strategies which could combat the burden of common age-associated disease, such as T2D and CVD. © The Authors 2014.
Maternal and in utero determinants of type 2 diabetes risk in the young; The global prevalence of diabetes mellitus has reached epidemic proportions. In 2010, it was estimated that 6.4 % of the adult population (285 million) have diabetes. In recent years, the incidence of type 2 diabetes (T2D), a condition traditionally associated with aging, has been steadily increasing among younger individuals. It is now a well-established notion that the early-life period is a critical window of development and that influences during this period can "developmentally prime" the metabolic status of the adult. This review discusses the role of maternal and in utero influences on the developmental priming of T2D risk. Both human epidemiological studies and experimental animal models are beginning to demonstrate that early dietary challenges can accelerate the onset of age-associated metabolic disturbances, including insulin resistance, T2D, obesity, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. These findings show that poor maternal nutrition can prime a prediabetes phenotype, often manifest as insulin resistance, by very early stages of life. Thus, the maternal diet is a critical determinant of premature T2D risk. While the mechanisms that link early nutrition to age-associated metabolic decline are currently unclear, preliminary findings suggest perturbations in a number of processes involved in cellular aging, such as changes in longevity-associated Sirtuin activity, epigenetic regulation of key metabolic genes, and mitochondrial dysfunction. Preliminary studies show that pharmacological interventions in utero and dietary supplementation in early postnatal life may alleviate insulin resistance and reduce T2D risk. However, further studies are warranted to fully understand the relationship between the early environment and long-term effects on metabolism. Such mechanistic insights will facilitate strategic interventions that prevent accelerated metabolic decline and the premature onset of T2D in the current and future generations. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Regulation of obesity and insulin resistance by nitric oxide; Obesity is a risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and has quickly become a worldwide pandemic with few tangible and safe treatment options. Although it is generally accepted that the primary cause of obesity is energy imbalance, i.e., the calories consumed are greater than are utilized, understanding how caloric balance is regulated has proven a challenge. Many "distal" causes of obesity, such as the structural environment, occupation, and social influences, are exceedingly difficult to change or manipulate. Hence, molecular processes and pathways more proximal to the origins of obesity - those that directly regulate energy metabolism or caloric intake - seem to be more feasible targets for therapy. In particular, nitric oxide (NO) is emerging as a central regulator of energy metabolism and body composition. NO bioavailability is decreased in animal models of diet-induced obesity and in obese and insulin-resistant patients, and increasing NO output has remarkable effects on obesity and insulin resistance. This review discusses the role of NO in regulating adiposity and insulin sensitivity and places its modes of action into context with the known causes and consequences of metabolic disease. © 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Insulin dysregulation; Abnormalities of insulin metabolism include hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance, and these problems are collectively referred to as insulin dysregulation in this review. Insulin dysregulation is a key component of equine metabolic syndrome: a collection of endocrine and metabolic abnormalities associated with the development of laminitis in horses, ponies and donkeys. Insulin dysregulation can also accompany prematurity and systemic illness in foals. Causes of insulin resistance are discussed, including pathological conditions of obesity, systemic inflammation and pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction, as well as the physiological responses to stress and pregnancy. Most of the discussion of insulin dysregulation to date has focused on insulin resistance, but there is increasing interest in hyperinsulinaemia itself and insulin responses to feeding. An oral sugar test or in-feed oral glucose tolerance test can be performed to assess insulin responses to dietary carbohydrates, and these tests are now recommended for use in clinical practice. Incretin hormones are likely to play an important role in postprandial hyperinsulinaemia and are the subject of current research. Insulin resistance exacerbates hyperinsulinaemia, and insulin sensitivity can be measured by performing a combined glucose-insulin test or i.v. insulin tolerance test. In both of these tests, exogenous insulin is administered and the rate of glucose uptake into tissues measured. Diagnosis and management of hyperinsulinaemia is recommended to reduce the risk of laminitis. The term insulin dysregulation is introduced here to refer collectively to excessive insulin responses to sugars, fasting hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance, which are all components of equine metabolic syndrome. © 2013 EVJ Ltd.
Serum concentrations of fibroblast growth factors 19 and 21 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: Association with insulin resistance, adiponectin, and polycystic ovary syndrome history; Background: Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) and FGF21 are considered to be novel adipokines that improve glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. In the current study, we investigated serum FGF19 and FGF21 levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and explored their relationships with anthropometric and endocrine parameters. Method: Serum FGF19 and FGF21 levels were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in patients with GDM (n = 30) and healthy pregnant controls (n = 60) matched for maternal and gestational age. Serum FGF19 and FGF21 levels were correlated with anthropometric, metabolic, and endocrine parameters. Results: Circulating levels of FGF19 were significantly reduced in patients with GDM relative to healthy pregnant subjects, whereas FGF21 levels were increased in GDM patients. Serum FGF19 levels independently and inversely correlated with insulin resistance (increased homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR) and were positively related to serum adiponectin in both groups. In contrast, serum FGF21 levels independently and positively correlated with insulin resistance and serum triglycerides and were inversely related to serum adiponectin. In addition, in the combined population of both groups, those women with preconception polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) history had the lowest levels of FGF19, which were significantly lower than those in GDM patients without PCOS history and those in controls without PCOS history. Conclusions: Circulating FGF19 levels are reduced in GDM patients, in contrast with FGF21 levels. Both serum FGF19 and FGF21 levels are strongly related to insulin resistance and serum levels of adiponectin. Considering the different situation between FGF19 and FGF21, we suggest that reduced serum FGF19 levels could be involved in the pathophysiology of GDM, while increased serum FGF21 levels could be in a compensatory response to this disease. © 2013 Wang et al.
Sex and gender differences in endocrinology; Endocrinology deals with the physiology and pathophysiology of the endocrine system, the secretion and effects of the hormones, as well as the function of their receptors. The science of endocrinology studies the regulation of energy metabolism, body weight maintenance, and reproduction throughout the life cycle of men and women. Endocrine diseases go along with either overproduction or deficiency of hormones with far-reaching consequences on health and well-being of the patients. Endocrinology is important for studies with focus on sex and gender differences because hormones are the basis of many biological differences between both sexes. Sexual hormones are fundamental for sex differences, physiological sex development, puberty, menstrual function and fertility, and reproduction. Important sex differences also exist in regard to other endocrine systems such as thyroid hormones, insulin metabolism, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, bone metabolism, as well as adipocytokines. The endocrine functions interact with each other in a complex relationship including feedback mechanisms (Fig. 9.1). Two major endocrine/metabolic diseases, obesity and type 2 diabetes, represent chronic lifestyle-induced diseases with important sex- and gender-based differences. Both are dramatically increasing in prevalence causing high costs to the health care systems and are therefore of utmost importance for public health. Endocrinology also includes research on bone and its mineralization, in -particular osteoporosis. Osteoporosis and related complications are a major burden of postmenopausal females but also an increasing and often undetected health problem of males. Thyroid disorders, in particular immune-mediated thyroid diseases, are more frequently seen in women than men. On the other hand, type 1 diabetes, another immune-mediated and common endocrine disease which can lead to severe complications and increased mortality, shows similar prevalence in men and women. However, both types of diabetes, though with completely different underlying mechanisms and pathophysiology, increase the cardiovascular risk of women two- to threefold more than in diabetic males in comparison to nondiabetic subjects of the same sex. As a consequence diabetes-related mortality is even higher in women than men. © 2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.
Insulin receptor signaling in normal and insulin-resistant states; In the wake of the worldwide increase in type-2 diabetes, a major focus of research is understanding the signaling pathways impacting this disease. Insulin signaling regulates glucose, lipid, and energy homeostasis, predominantly via action on liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Precise modulation of this pathway is vital for adaption as the individual moves from the fed to the fasted state. The positive and negative modulators acting on different steps of the signaling pathway, as well as the diversity of protein isoform interaction, ensure a proper and coordinated biological response to insulin in different tissues. Whereas genetic mutations are causes of rare and severe insulin resistance, obesity can lead to insulin resistance through a variety of mechanisms. Understanding these pathways is essential for development of new drugs to treat diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and their complications. © 2014 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press; all rights reserved.
Metformin: The past, present and future; In facing the alarming increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes worldwide, a large number of researches aimed to develop ideal anti-diabetic drugs as well as explore the further advantages of current used medications. Currently, dimethylbiguanide or metformin is the most widely prescribed agent for treating diabetes. Furthermore, recent guidelines from the American Diabetes Association, European Association of the Study of Diabetes, and American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists recommend metformin as first-line oral therapy for patients with diabetes. Use of metformin does not lead to weight gain, and it rarely causes hypoglycemia. Previous studies have reported the beneficial effects of metformin in the complications of type 2 diabetes, such as cardiovascular disease and polycystic ovary syndrome. Recent studies also revealed that use with metformin might associate with reduced incidence and mortality in several cancers including colorectal, pancreatic, hepatocellular, breast, ovarian, prostate, and lung cancer. Resutls from in vivo and in vitro studies have shown that metformin exerts its anti-cancer effects through direct (insulin-independent) and/or indirect (insulin-dependent) mechanisms. Large-scale prospective studies to elaborate the relationships among diabetes, cancer, and gender are thus warranted. Additionally, further studies may contribute to its wider use in certain degree of nephropathy, hepatic encephalopathy, Alzheimer's disease, as well as for improving the immunosuppressive and anti-aging effects. It is suggested that metformin be used as first-line therapy for type 2 diabetic patients without contraindications, in addition to lifestyle interventions.
Transgenerational effects on the liver and pancreas resulting from maternal vitamin D restriction in mice; This study aimed to investigate the effects of maternal vitamin D restriction on carbohydrate metabolism and alterations in the pancreas and liver in the F1 and F2 generations. Therefore, we studied the first two generations of offspring (F1 and F2) of Swiss mice from mothers fed one of two diets: SC (standard chow) or VitD2 (vitamin D-deficient). Biometric, biochemical and molecular analyses were performed. The VitD-F1 mice had greater body mass (BM) than the SC-F1 mice. The BM changes were accompanied by increased insulin secretion. The VitD-F1 mice had a higher area under the curve in the oral glucose tolerance test and exhibited larger islet diameters than the SC-F1 mice. In addition, the VitD-F1 mice showed marked diffuse hepatic steatosis and higher expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS) protein than the SC animals in either generation or the ViD-F2 mice. Diet accounted for a greater fraction of the total variation for BM, fat pad mass and insulin secretion than generation. Both diet and generation contributed to the variation in steatosis in the liver, islet diameter and expression of FAS. However, interactions between diet and generation were observed only for insulin secretion, steatosis in the liver and FAS expression. In conclusion, these results provide compelling evidence that maternal vitamin D restriction affects the development of the offspring and leads to metabolic alterations accompanied by structural alterations in the liver and pancreas, especially in the F1 generation.
Pregravid liver enzyme levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus during a subsequent pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: Liver enzymes are independent predictors of type 2 diabetes. Although liver fat content correlates with features of insulin resistance, a risk factor for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the relationship between liver enzymes and GDM is unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether pregravid liver enzyme levels are associated with subsequent risk of GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A nested case-control study was conducted among women who participated in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California multiphasic health checkup (1984-1996) and had a subsequent pregnancy (1984-2009). Case patients were 256 women who developed GDM. Two control subjects were selected for each case patient and matched for year of blood draw, age at examination, age at pregnancy, and number of intervening pregnancies. RESULTS: Being in the highest quartile versus the lowest quartile of γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels was associated with a twofold increased risk of subsequent GDM (odds ratio 1.97 [95% CI 1.14-3.42]), after adjusting for race/ethnicity, prepregnancy BMI, family history of diabetes, and alcohol use. This result was attenuated after adjusting for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting status, and rate of gestational weight gain. There was significant interaction between GGT and HOMA-IR; the association with GGT was found among women in the highest tertile of HOMA-IR. Aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase were not associated with increased GDM risk. CONCLUSIONS: Pregravid GGT level, but not alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase level, predicted the subsequent risk of GDM. Markers of liver fat accumulation, such as GGT level, are present years before pregnancy and may help to identify women at increased risk for subsequent GDM. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
The effect of a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist on glucose tolerance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: Protocol for an investigator-initiated, randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, parallel intervention trial; Introduction: Pregnancy is associated with decreased insulin sensitivity, which is usually overcome by a compensatory increase in insulin secretion. Some pregnant women are not able to increase their insulin secretion sufficiently, and consequently develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The disease normally disappears after delivery. Nevertheless, women with previous GDM have a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) later in life. We aim to investigate the early development of T2D in women with previous GDM and to evaluate whether treatment with the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor (GLP-1R) agonist, liraglutide, may modify their risk of developing T2D. Methods and analyses: 100 women with previous GDM will be randomised to either liraglutide or placebo treatment for 1 year (blinded) with an open-label extension for another 4 years. Additionally, 15 women without previous GDM will constitute a baseline control group. Women will be tested with an oral glucose tolerance test (primary endpoint: area under the curve for plasma glucose) and an isoglycaemic intravenous glucose infusion at baseline, after 1 year and after 5 years. Additional evaluations include a glucagon test, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, imaging of the liver (ultrasound elastography and fibroscanning), an ad libitum meal for food intake evaluation and questionnaires related to appetite, quality of life and alcohol consumption habits. Ethics and dissemination: The protocol has been approved by the Danish Medicines Agency, the Scientific-Ethical Committee of the Capital Region of Denmark, and the Danish Data Protection Agency and will be carried out under the surveillance and guidance of the GCP unit at Copenhagen University Hospital Bispebjerg in compliance with the ICH-GCP guidelines and in accordance with the Helsinki Declaration. Positive, negative and inconclusive results will be published at scientific conferences and as one or more scientific manuscripts in peer-reviewed journals. Registrations: The trial is registered at https://eudract.ema.europa.eu (2012-001371-37) and http://www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01795248).
Reimbursement of metformin for polycystic ovary syndrome; The latest list of reimbursed medicines includes, as a new addition, metformin for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which is extremely important for practicing physicians. While this paper briefly summarises the current state of knowledge on PCOS, its main aim is to remind the reader about the effectiveness of metformin in women with PCOS in controlling glycaemia, increasing tissue sensitivity to insulin and affecting endothelial function, vascular inflammation, lipid profile and other risk factors of atherosclerosis, which suggests its cardioprotective effects. The paper also discusses the clinical effect of metformin relative to hyperandrogenism, menstrual cycle disorders and ovulation induction. The paper concludes with an algorithm for the diagnosis and management of PCOS.
The impact of substance P on the pathogenesis of insulin resistance leading to gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus is one of the most oftenmedical conditions during pregnancy affecting 5-6% of all pregnancies. The etiology of gestational diabetes is not clearly understood. In obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2, abnormal insulin signaling is an important agent mediating the increase of insulin resistance. Insulin receptor substrate serine phosphorylation is a time-controlled physiological reaction in insulin signaling that has been disrupted by metabolic and inflammatory stresses to support insulin resistance. Several kinases, including inhibitor of nuclear factor K{green}B kinase β(IKK β), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), protein kinase C (PKC) and ribosomal S6 protein kinase (S6K), are activated by these stimulators of insulin resistance and phosphorylate insulin receptor substrate proteins on several serine residues in an uncontrollable method. There are an increasing number of data indicating that substance P, being one of the crucial activators of these kinases, is a potent cytokine that impairs insulin signaling. Here we discuss recent studies that expand our understanding of how substance P may contribute to the development of insulin resistance. In our opinion, there are many interesting data suggesting that substance P may be a new player in the pathogenesis of this unfavorable condition, leading not only to the development of diabetes mellitus type 2, but also gestational diabetes. Since the etiology of gestational diabetes remains unclear, there is a strong need to explore new directions, including thosenot directly associated with the canonical knowledge regarding this pathology. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Early life factors and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a multifactorial disease, and its aetiology involves a complex interplay between genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors. In recent years, evidences from both human and animal experiments have correlated early life factors with programming diabetes risk in adult life. Fetal and neonatal period is crucial for organ development. Many maternal factors during pregnancy may increase the risk of diabetes of offsprings in later life, which include malnutrition, healthy (hyperglycemia and obesity), behavior (smoking, drinking, and junk food diet), hormone administration, and even stress. In neonates, catch-up growth, lactation, glucocorticoids administration, and stress have all been found to increase the risk of insulin resistance or T2DM. Unfavorable environments (socioeconomic situation and famine) or obesity also has long-term negative effects on children by causing increased susceptibility to T2DM in adults. We also address the potential mechanisms that may underlie the developmental programming of T2DM. Therefore, it might be possible to prevent or delay the risk for T2DM by improving pre- and/or postnatal factors. © 2013 Xinli Jiang et al.
Association between circulating irisin levels and the promotion of insulin resistance during the weight maintenance period after a dietary weight-lowering program in obese patients; Objective Weight regain is associated with the promotion of insulin resistance. The newly discovered myokine irisin, which was proposed to be involved in the management of insulin sensitivity, could play a role in this process. This study aimed to investigate the association between irisin and reduced insulin sensitivity induced by weight regain. Materials/Methods Insulin sensitivity was evaluated according to the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in 136 obese patients who followed an eight-week hypocaloric diet (30% reduced energy expenditure) to lose weight and was re-evaluated four or six months after treatment. Irisin plasma levels, as well as the levels of leptin, adiponectin, ghrelin and TNF-α, were quantified in a sub-cohort (n = 73) from the initially studied patients at baseline (T0), at the diet endpoint (T1) and after the follow-up period (T2). Results After a successful dietary intervention to lose weight, 50% of the patients who regained the lost weight during the follow-up period were categorized as insulin resistant (HOMA-IR ≥ 2.5) compared with only 25% of patients who maintained the weight loss (p = 0.018). Importantly, in addition to the well-studied hormones leptin and adiponectin, irisin plasma levels were statistically associated with several risk factors for insulin resistance. Indeed, the increased risk of insulin resistance during the follow-up period was related to high irisin levels at baseline (odds ratio = 4.2; p = 0.039). Conclusions Circulating irisin predicts the insulin resistance onset in association with weight regain. Therefore, irisin could be secreted as an adaptive response to counteract the deleterious effect of excess adiposity on glucose homeostasis. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Circadian gene variants in cancer; Humans as diurnal beings are active during the day and rest at night. This daily oscillation of behavior and physiology is driven by an endogenous circadian clock not environmental cues. In modern societies, changes in lifestyle have led to a frequent disruption of the endogenous circadian homeostasis leading to increased risk of various diseases including cancer. The clock is operated by the feedback loops of circadian genes and controls daily physiology by coupling cell proliferation and metabolism, DNA damage repair, and apoptosis in peripheral tissues with physical activity, energy homeostasis, immune and neuroendocrine functions at the organismal level. Recent studies have revealed that defects in circadian genes due to targeted gene ablation in animal models or single nucleotide polymorphism, deletion, deregulation and/or epigenetic silencing in humans are closely associated with increased risk of cancer. In addition, disruption of circadian rhythm can disrupt the molecular clock in peripheral tissues in the absence of circadian gene mutations. Circadian disruption has recently been recognized as an independent cancer risk factor. Further study of the mechanism of clock-controlled tumor suppression will have a significant impact on human health by improving the efficiencies of cancer prevention and treatment. © 2014 Informa UK, Ltd.
Ectopic lipid storage in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is not mediated by impaired mitochondrial oxidative capacity in skeletal muscle; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), characterized by lipid deposition within the liver [intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL)], is associated with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome (MS). It has been suggested that impaired skeletal muscle mitochondrial function may contribute to ectopic lipid deposition, and the associated MS, by altering post-prandial energy storage. To test this hypothesis, we performed a cross-sectional study of 17 patients with NAFLD [mean± S.D.; age, 45± 11 years; body mass index (BMI), 31.6± 3.4 kg/m2] and 18 age- and BMI-matched healthy controls (age, 44± 11 years; BMI, 30.5± 5.2 kg/m2). We determined body composition by MRI, IHCL and intramyocellular (soleus and tibialis anterior) lipids (IMCLs) by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) and skeletal muscle mitochondrial function by dynamic phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy (31P-MRS) of quadriceps muscle. Although matched for BMI and total adiposity, after statistical adjustment for gender, patients with NAFLD (defined by IHCL ≥ 5.5%) had higher IHCLs (25± 16% compared with 2± 2%; P<0.0005) and a higher prevalence of the MS (76% compared with 28%) compared with healthy controls. Despite this, the visceral fat/subcutaneous fat ratio, IMCLs and muscle mitochondrial function were similar between the NAFLD and control groups, with no significant difference in the rate constants of post-exercise phosphocreatine (PCr) recovery (1.55± 0.4 compared with 1.51± 0.4 min-1), a measure of muscle mitochondrial function. In conclusion, impaired muscle mitochondrial function does not seem to underlie ectopic lipid deposition, or the accompanying features of the MS, in patients with NAFLD. © The Authors Journal compilation. © 2014 Biochemical Society.
Sex hormone binding globulin, but not testosterone, is associated with the metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with hyperandrogenism and an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Decreased SHBG and elevated testosterone are associated with metabolic syndrome and glucose intolerance in women. Aim: The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between SHBG and testosterone and metabolic syndrome and glucose intolerance in PCOS. Material/subjects and methods: Cross-sectional study in overweight and obese premenopausal non-diabetic women with PCOS (no.=178: no.=55 metabolic syndrome, no.=16 glucose intolerance). Data were analyzed by multiple regression with metabolic syndrome, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) glucose or SHBG as dependent variables and reproductive hormones, insulin resistance, glucose tolerance, lipids or C-reactive protein as independent variables. Results: Metabolic syndrome was independently associated with body mass index [odds ratio (OR) 1.084 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.034-1.170, p =0.015] and SHBG (OR 0.961 95% CI 0.932-0.995, p=0.018). Glucose tolerance was independently associated with OGTT insulin (β=0.418, p < 0.001), age (β=0.154, p =0.033) and PRL (β=-0.210, p =0.002). SHBG was independently associated with OGTT insulin (β=-0.216, p=0.014) and PCOS diagnostic criteria (β=0.197, p=0.010). Conclusions: SHBG, but not testosterone, is independently associated with metabolic syndrome in overweight women with PCOS and is associated with insulin resistance and PCOS diagnostic criteria. ©2013, Editrice Kurtis.
Maternal choline supplementation: A nutritional approach for improving offspring health?; The modulatory role of choline on the fetal epigenome and the impact of in utero choline supply on fetal programming and health are of great interest. Studies in animals and/or humans suggest that maternal choline supplementation during pregnancy benefits important physiologic systems such as offspring cognitive function, response to stress, and cerebral inhibition. Because alterations in offspring phenotype frequently coincide with epigenetic modifications and changes in gene expression, maternal choline supplementation may be a nutritional strategy to improve lifelong health of the child. Future studies are warranted to elucidate further the effect of choline on the fetal epigenome and to determine the level of maternal choline intake required for optimal offspring physiologic function. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Maternal protein restriction induces alterations in hepatic tumor necrosis factor-α/CYP7A1 signaling and disorders regulation of cholesterol metabolism in the adult rat offspring; It is well recognized that adverse events in utero impair fetal development and lead to the development of obesity and metabolic syndrome in adulthood. To investigate the mechanisms linking impaired fetal growth to increased cholesterol, an important clinical risk factor characterizing the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease, we examined the impact of maternal undernutrition on tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α)/c-jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) signaling pathway and the cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) expression in the livers of the offspring with a protein restriction model. The male offspring with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) caused by the isocaloric low-protein diet showed decreased liver weight at birth and augmented circulation and hepatic cholesterol levels at 40 weeks of age. Maternal undernutrition significantly upregulated cytokine TNF-α expression and JNK phospholytion levels in the livers from fetal age to adulthood. Elevated JNK phospholytion could be linked to down-regulated hepatocyte nuclear factor-4α and CYP7A1 expression, subsequently led to higher hepatic cholesterol. This work demonstrated that intrauterine malnutrition-induced IUGR might result in intrinsic disorder in hepatic TNF-α/CYP7A1 signaling, and contribute to the development of hypercholesterolemia in later life. ©2014 JCBN.
Heterogeneity of cardiovascular risk factors profile in non-diabetic women 2-24 months post gestational diabetes mellitus; Previously gestational diabetic (pGDM) women are characterized by high cardiovascular risk (CVR). The aim of this study was to assess the CVR markers levels in non-diabetic pGDM women in relation to time postpartum and to soluble E-selectin (sES) level. We investigated 125 women aged 18-40 years with a history of GDM between 2 and 24 months after their pregnancy. We evaluated age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glucose levels during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), levels of insulin and the parameters of endothelial dysfunction, fibrinolysis activity, low-grade systemic inflammation and lipid profiles. Prediabetes was identified in 38 women (30%), while in the remaining women OGTT results were normal. The tests performed >6 months revealed decreased hs-CRP (p=0.01), sICAM-1 (p=0.01), and elevated sES (p=0.01) >12 months after adjustment for age, BMI, waist circumference and 2h OGTT glucose. In the subgroup tested 12 months after an index pregnancy sES was independently associated with hs-CRP (p<0.0001) and triglycerides (p=0.0139). No association was found between sES and remaining parameters in women tested >12 months postpartum. We conclude that the period 2-24 months post GDM is heterogeneous with respect to the CVR markers. The plasma level of hs-CRP could be useful as an important cardiovascular risk marker up to 12 months postpartum in non-diabetic pGDM women. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Proteomic analysis of adipose tissue: Informing diabetes research; Diabetes, one of the most common endocrine diseases worldwide, results from complex pathophysiological mechanisms that are not fully understood. Adipose tissue is considered a major endocrine organ and plays a central role in the development of diabetes. The identification of the adipose tissue-derived factors that contribute to the onset and progression of diabetes will hopefully lead to the development of preventive and therapeutic interventions. Proteomic techniques may be useful tools for this purpose. In the present review, we have summarized the studies conducting adipose tissue proteomics in subjects with diabetes and insulin resistance, and discussed the proteins identified in these studies as candidates to exert important roles in these disorders. © 2014 Informa UK, Ltd.
The dynamics of adiponectin and leptin on metabolic syndrome patients and age matched healthy subjects; The metabolic syndrome is a complex combination of interrelated risk factors of metabolic origin that, when occurring together, increase the risk of developing cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Adipocytokines are bioactive mediators released from the adipose tissue including adipocytes and other cells present at the level of fat tissues. These include several novel and highly active molecules released abundantly by adipocytes like leptin, resistin, adiponectin, as well as some more classical cytokines released possibly by inflammatory cells infiltrating fat, like tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). The most abundantly expressed cytokines within the adipose tissue are leptin and adiponectin [1, 3]. Adiponectin, is highly expressed in adipose cells, and circulates in high concentrations in the blood. Decreased serum levels of adiponectin are associated with insulin resistance. The role of adiponectin in systemic inflammation and critical illness is not well defined. The variability in the serum adiponectin levels is partly attributed to various options for modulation of this hormone. Leptin, correlates directly with the mass of adipose tissue and its main function is to control the appetite and exerts its various actions on glucose metabolism and energy expenditure via binding to the leptin-receptor in the brain and peripheral tissues as liver, pancreas, adipose tissue and in the immune system [15]. In this study, we assessed the levels of adiponectin and leptin in lean and obese subjects with associated dislipidemy and diabetes.
Interrupting the natural history of diabetes mellitus: Lifestyle, pharmacological and surgical strategies targeting disease progression; In recent decades we have seen a surge in the incidence of diabetes in industrialized nations; a threat which has now extended to the developing world. Type 2 diabetes is associated with significant microvascular and macrovascular disease, with considerable impact on morbidity and mortality. Recent evidence has cast uncertainty on the benefits of very tight glycaemic goals in these individuals. The natural history of disease follows an insidious course from disordered glucose metabolism in a pre-diabetic state, often with metabolic syndrome and obesity, before proceeding to diabetes mellitus. In the research setting, lifestyle, pharmacological and surgical intervention targeted against obesity and glycaemia has shown that metabolic disturbances can be halted and indeed regressed if introduced at an early stage of disease. In addition to traditional anti-diabetic medications such as the glinides, sulphonylureas and the glitazones, novel therapies manipulating the endocannabinoid system, neurotransmitters, intestinal absorption and gut hormones have shown dual benefit in weight loss and glycaemic control normalisation. Whilst these treatments will not and should not replace lifestyle change, they will act as invaluable adjuncts for weight loss and aid in normalising the metabolic profile of individuals at risk of diabetes. Utilizing novel therapies to prevent diabetes should be the focus of future research, with the aim of preventing the challenging microvascular and macrovascular complications, and ultimately cardiovascular death. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Research advances on CIDEC in insulin resistance; Childhood obesity has been rising dramatically in recent years and most patients are insulin resistant. Recent studies have indicated that cell death-inducing DFF45-like effector C (CIDEC) is responsible for the development of insulin resistance. CIDEC regulates adipogenesis, lipid storage and lipolysis, thus protecting insulin target tissues from lipotoxity. This paper reviews current findings on the structure and function of CIDEC, its transcriptional and post-translational regulations, and the underlying mechanism of CIDEC causing insulin resistance. As a novel lipid droplet protein, CIDEC may be a drug target for treatment of insulin resistance and relevant metabolic disorders.
Investigation of adropin and leptin levels in pediatric obesity-related nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Aim: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the accumulation of excess fat in the liver in the absence of alcohol consumption, which is commonly associated with obesity and increased risk of atherosclerosis as well as insulin resistance. Adropin is a recently identified protein encoded by the gene related with energy homeostasis, which is expressed in the liver and the brain and has a role in preventing insulin resistance and obesity. The aim of this study was to investigate the serum adropin and leptin levels in obese adolescents and compare the patients with, and without, NAFLD and with healthy controls. Methods: Sixty-four obese adolescents (30 with NAFLD, 34 without NAFLD) and 36 healthy controls were enrolled in the study. Serum adropin and leptin levels were evaluated by sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Serum adropin levels were significantly lower in obese children than healthy controls (3.2 ± 1.0 and 9.2 ± 1.2 ng/mL, respectively, p = 0.001). Serum leptin levels were significantly higher in patients than in controls (12.4 ± 1.1 and 4.1 ± 3.1 pg/mL, respectively; p = 0.000). Serum adropin levels of patients with NAFLD were significantly lower than in patients without NAFLD (2.9 ± 0.5 and 3.5 ± 1.2 ng/ mL, respectively; p = 0.023) and healthy controls (p = 0.000). Logistic regression analysis showed that a decrease in adropin levels was the only independent factor for fatty liver disease in obese adolescents (odds ratio: 3.07, 95% confidence interval 1.14-8.2, p = 0.026). Leptin, relative weight and HOMA-IR of the patients were not independent risk factors for NAFLD. Conclusions: In this study, serum adropin levels were significantly lower in obese adolescents with fatty liver disease compared to patients without fatty liver disease and healthy controls. Lower adropin level was an independent risk factor for NAFLD in obese adolescents in logistic regression analysis. Assessment of serum adropin concentrations may provide a reliable indicator of fatty liver disease in obese adolescents.
Metabolic syndrome: An important risk factor for stroke, Alzheimer disease, and depression; Metabolic syndrome as an important risk factor for stroke, Alzheimer disease, and depression presents readers with cutting edge and comprehensive information on relationship among metabolic syndrome, stroke, Alzheimer disease, and depression. It is hoped that this monograph will be useful to postgraduate students, faculty, research scientists, pharmacologists, nutritionists, and physicians, who are curious about the molecular mechanisms that link metabolic syndrome with stroke, Alzheimer disease, and depression. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. All rights are reserved.
The utility of metformin therapy in reproductive-aged women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); Metformin, an insulin-sensitizing drug commonly used to treat Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), has been increasingly used off-label for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which affects at least 5-10% of reproductive-age women. With very little risk associated with its use, metformin provides many important benefits to women with PCOS, including regulating menstrual cycles, improving clinical signs of hyperandrogenism, ameliorating metabolic syndrome, inducing ovulation, improving pregnancy rates and pregnancy outcomes, preventing gestational diabetes, and preventing progression to T2DM. Here, we review the indications for metformin in women with PCOS, with a focus on the use of metformin during pre-conception and pregnancy. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Serum levels of fibroblast growth factor-21 are increased in chronic and acute renal dysfunction; Objective Fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-21 has recently been introduced as a circulating adipokine which reverses insulin resistance and obesity in rodents. In this study, regulation of FGF-21 in renal dysfunction was elucidated in both chronic kidney disease (CKD) and acute kidney dysfunction (AKD). Study design and methods Serum concentrations of total FGF-21 were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in 499 patients with CKD stages 1-5 (study population 1). Furthermore, total FGF-21 was determined before and within 30 h after unilateral nephrectomy, a model of AKD, in 32 patients (study population 2). FGF-21 levels were correlated to anthropometric and biochemical parameters of renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as inflammation, in both studies. Results In study population 1, median [interquartile range] circulating FGF-21 adjusted for age, gender and body mass index was significantly different between CKD stages with highest values detectable in stage 5 (stage 1: 86·4 [132·9]; 2: 206·4 [223·1]; 3: 289·8 [409·3]; 4: 591·3 [789·0]; 5: 1918·1 [4157·0] ng/l). Furthermore, estimated glomerular filtration rate remained a strong independent and negative predictor of FGF-21. In study population 2, FGF-21 increased significantly postsurgically (325·0 [984·0] ng/l) as compared to presurgical values (255·5 [243·0] ng/l). Furthermore, relative changes of FGF-21 were independently and positively predicted by relative changes of creatinine. Conclusions We demonstrate that circulating FGF-21 is increased in both CKD and AKD. Our results suggest renal excretion as a major route for FGF-21 elimination. The pathophysiological significance of these findings needs to be elucidated in more detail. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Paraoxonases and chemokine (C-C motif) ligand-2 in noncommunicable diseases; Oxidative stress and inflammation underpin most diseases; their mechanisms are inextricably linked. Chronic inflammation is associated with oxidation, anti-inflammatory cascades are linked to decreased oxidation, increased oxidative stress triggers inflammation, and redox balance inhibits the inflammatory cellular response. Whether or not oxidative stress and inflammation represent the cause or consequence of cellular pathology, they contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of noncommunicable diseases (NCD). The incidence of obesity and other related metabolic disturbances are increasing, as are age-related diseases due to a progressively aging population. Relationships between oxidative stress, inflammatory signaling, and metabolism are, in the broad sense of energy transformation, being increasingly recognized as part of the problem in NCD.In this chapter, we summarize the pathologic consequences of an imbalance between circulating and cellular paraoxonases, the system for scavenging excessive reactive oxygen species and circulating chemokines. They act as inducers of migration and infiltration of immune cells in target tissues as well as in the pathogenesis of disease that perturbs normal metabolic function. This disruption involves pathways controlling lipid and glucose homeostasis as well as metabolically driven chronic inflammatory states that encompass several response pathways. Dysfunction in the endoplasmic reticulum and/or mitochondria represents an important feature of chronic disease linked to oxidation and inflammation seen as self-reinforcing in NCD. Therefore, correct management requires a thorough understanding of these relationships and precise interpretation of laboratory test results. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of neonatal programming on hypothalamic mechanisms controlling energy balance; The prevalence of overweight and obesity in most developed countries has markedly increased during the last decades. In addition to genetic, hormonal, and metabolic influences, environmental factors like fetal and neonatal nutrition play key roles in the development of obesity. Interestingly, overweight during critical developmental periods of fetal and/or neonatal life has been demonstrated to increase the risk of obesity throughout juvenile life into adulthood. In spite of this evidence, the specific mechanisms underlying this fetal/neonatal programming are not perfectly understood. However, it is clear that circulating hormones such as insulin and leptin play a critical role in the development and programming of hypothalamic circuits regulating energy balance. Here, we review what is currently known about the impact of perinatal malnutrition on the mechanisms regulating body weight homeostasis. Understanding these molecular mechanisms may provide new targets for the treatment of obesity. © 2013 Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Early life exposure to maternal insulin resistance has persistent effects on hepatic NAFLD in juvenile nonhuman primates; The origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) may lie in early intrauterine exposures. Here we examined the maternal response to chronic maternal high-fat (HF) diet and the impact of postweaning healthy diet on mechanisms for NAFLD development in juvenile nonhuman primate (NHP) offspring at 1 year of age. Pregnant females on HF diet were segregated as insulin resistant (IR; HF+IR) or insulin sensitive (IS; HF+IS) compared with control (CON)-fed mothers. HF+IR mothers have increased body mass, higher triglycerides, and increased placental cytokines. At weaning, offspring were placed on a CON or HF diet. Only offspring from HF+IR mothers had increased liver triglycerides and upregulated pathways for hepatic de novo lipid synthesis and inflammation that was irreversible upon switching to a healthy diet. These juvenile livers also showed a combination of classical and alternatively activated hepatic macrophages and natural killer T cells, in the absence of obesity or insulin resistance. Our findings suggest that maternal insulin resistance, including elevated triglycerides, insulin, and weight gain, initiates dysregulation of the juvenile hepatic immune system and development of de novo lipogenic pathways that persist in vitro and may be an irreversible "first hit" in the pathogenesis of NAFLD in NHP. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Early life exposure to fructose and offspring phenotype: Implications for long term metabolic homeostasis; The consumption of artificially sweetened processed foods, particularly high in fructose or high fructose corn syrup, has increased significantly in the past few decades. As such, interest into the long term outcomes of consuming high levels of fructose has increased significantly, particularly when the exposure is early in life. Epidemiological and experimental evidence has linked fructose consumption to the metabolic syndrome and associated comorbidities - implicating fructose as a potential factor in the obesity epidemic. Yet, despite the widespread consumption of fructose-containing foods and beverages and the rising incidence of maternal obesity, little attention has been paid to the possible adverse effects of maternal fructose consumption on the developing fetus and long term effects on offspring. In this paper we review studies investigating the effects of fructose intake on metabolic outcomes in both mother and offspring using human and experimental studies. © 2014 Deborah M. Sloboda et al.
Insulin, other hypoglycemic drugs, and glucagon; The Side Effects of Drugs Annuals form a series of volumes in which the adverse effects of drugs and adverse reactions to them are surveyed. The series supplements the contents of Meyler's Side Effects of Drugs: the International Encyclopedia of Adverse Drug Reactions and Interactions. This review of the 2011 publications on insulin, other hypoglycemic drugs, and glucagon covers glucagon, insulins (including insulin degludec and insulin glulisine), the alpha glucosidase inhibitor miglitol, the amylin analogue pramlintide, the biguanide metformin, dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DDP-4) inhibitors (linagliptin, saxagliptin, sitagliptin, and vildagliptin), incretin mimetics (exenatide, liraglutide, and lixisenatide), the meglitinide repaglinide, the sodium-glucose transporter type 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor dapagliflozin (the subject of a special review), sulfonylureas (glibenclamide (glyburide) and glipizide), thiazolidinediones (pioglitazone and rosiglitazone), the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor partial agonist balaglitazone, and the peroxisome proliferator-activated dual receptor agonist aleglitazar. Adverse reactions that are particularly highlighted include lactic acidosis due to metformin, pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer in patients taking incretin mimetics, an association that has not been established (the subject of a special review), rosiglitazone-associated adverse cardiovascular events, and genetic determinants of adverse reactions to repaglinide. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
New promises for metformin: Advances in the understanding of its mechanisms of action; Metformin is currently the drug of first choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. However, although prescribed since the end of the 1950s, the mechanism of action of metformin remains as yet incompletely understood but recent work has unveiled novel and surprising properties. Epidemiological reports have suggested that metformin protects against heart failure and has antitumor properties independent of its anti-hyperglycemic effect. Here, we review the proposed mechanisms for metformin action in diabetes, cardiovacular diseases and cancer. © 2014 médecine/sciences-Inserm.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver in obese adolescents: Association with metabolic risk profile; Objective To investigate the relationship between liver fat and in vivo insulin sensitivity, body composition, abdominal adiposity, and lipid metabolism in obese adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Design Cross-sectional case-control study. Setting Research center. Patient(s) Thirty Tanner stage V obese girls with PCOS. Intervention(s) None. Main Outcome Measure(s) Liver fat, abdominal adiposity, in vivo insulin-stimulated glucose disposal, whole-body lipolysis, fat oxidation, lipoprotein particle size and concentration, and liver enzymes (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase). Fatty liver index <1 is indicative of fatty liver. Result(s) Fatty liver was present in 6.7% of the individuals (6.7%). Levels of alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase were not different between those with fatty liver vs. without. Fatty liver index was associated with age (r = -0.53), body mass index (r = -0.41), total (r = -0.43) and subcutaneous (r = -0.41) abdominal adiposity, insulin-stimulated glucose disposal (r = 0.36), and small, medium small, and very small low-density lipoprotein concentrations (r ≥ -0.43). In a multiple regression analysis, age, total T, race, and insulin-stimulated glucose disposal explained 43% of the variance (R2 = 0.43) in fatty liver index, with age (R2 = 0.28) and total T (R2 = 0.11) being independent contributors. Conclusion(s) Liver fat is associated with increasing age, even in the narrow adolescent age range, increasing abdominal adiposity, worsening insulin sensitivity, and dyslipoproteinemia in obese adolescent girls with PCOS. Targeting these abnormalities early in the course of PCOS may halt future nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in adulthood. © 2013 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc.
Maternal fructose intake during pregnancy modulates hepatic and hypothalamic AMP-activated protein kinase signalling in a sex-specific manner in offspring; Summary: Dietary fructose ingestion during gestation affects carbohydrate metabolism in the offspring. In the present study, we investigated the effects of excess fructose intake during pregnancy on hepatic and hypothalamic AMP-activated kinase (AMPK) expression and phosphorylation, as well as hepatic glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) activity in offspring. Pregnant Wistar rats received normal chow and 100 g/L fructose solution or normal water during gestation ad libitum. On gestational Day 21, some dams were killed and plasma samples and fetuses were collected. The remaining dams received normal water after spontaneous delivery during lactation. Pups were killed on postnatal Day 22 and the plasma, liver and hypothalamus were collected and analysed. Plasma glucose and insulin levels increased in female but not male offspring in the fructose group. Although the mRNA and total protein levels of AMPKα were unchanged, levels of phosphorylated AMPKα protein in the fructose group of female offspring were significantly lower in the liver and 4.6-fold higher in the hypothalamus. The hepatic protein level of sirtuin 1, which is involved in AMPK phosphorylation and activation, was significantly reduced in the fructose group of female offspring. The activity of G6Pase, which plays a role in gluconeogenesis, was significantly enhanced in the liver of female offspring from fructose-fed dams. These changes were not observed in male offspring. In conclusion, we found that excessively high fructose intake during pregnancy may modulate the hepatic and hypothalamic AMPK signalling pathways in female offspring after birth. © 2014 Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Role of dietary fats in the prevention and treatment of the metabolic syndrome; A symposium on the health significance of dietary fat in the prevention and treatment of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) was held at the 20th International Congress of Nutrition in Granada, Spain, on September 19, 2013. Four nutrition experts addressed the topics of dietary fat and obesity, effects of dietary fat quality in obesity and insulin resistance, influence of early nutrition on the later risk of MetS and the relative merits of high- or low-fat diets in counteracting MetS. Participants agreed that preventing weight gain and achieving weight loss in overweight and obese patients were key strategies for reducing MetS. Both low-fat and low-carbohydrate diets are associated with weight loss, but adherence to the diet is the most important factor in achieving success. Avoidance of high saturated fats contributes to lower health risks among obese, MetS and diabetic patients. Further, healthy maternal weight at conception and in pregnancy is more important that weight gain during pregnancy for reducing the risk of obesity in the offspring. The effects of different polyunsaturated fatty acids on MetS and weight loss require clarification. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Decreased saliva/serum irisin concentrations in the acute myocardial infarction promising for being a new candidate biomarker for diagnosis of this pathology; Irisin is a muscle-secreted protein. Cardiac muscle produces more irisin than skeletal muscle in response to acute exercise, and is associated with myocardial infarction (MI) in an experimental model induced by isoproterenol in rats. The timing and significance of its release in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) needs further investigation. We have studied the relationship between serum/saliva irisin concentration and AMI in humans. Serum and saliva samples were taken within 3 days of admission in 11 patients with AMI and in 14 matched controls. Salivary gland irisin was detected immunohistochemically, and serum and saliva levels were measured by ELISA. The three major paired salivary glands (submandibular, sublingual and parotid) produce and release irisin into saliva. Troponin-I, CK, CK-MB concentrations in the AMI group gradually increased from up to 12 h, while saliva and serum irisin gradually decreased from up to 48 h, compared with the control group (P < 0.05). After 12 h, troponin-I, CK, CK-MB started to decrease, while saliva and serum irisin started to increase at 72 h. Serum irisin levels correlated with age, while troponin I, CK-MB, and CK were correlated and with saliva irisin in AMI patients. Besides cardiac troponin and CK-MB, irisin adds new diagnostic information in AMI patients, and the gradual decrease of saliva/serum irisin over 48 h could be a useful biomarker. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Hepatic FGF21 production is increased in late pregnancy in the mouse; Female mammals call on hormonally driven metabolic adaptations to meet the energy demand of late pregnancy and lactation. These maternal adaptations preserve limiting nutrients and promote their transfer to the uterus during pregnancy or mammary gland during lactation. The novel metabolic hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) was recently shown to increase suddenly at the onset of lactation in dairy cows, but whether FGF21 is induced during the reproductive cycle of other mammals is unknown. To start addressing this question, we studied subsets of mice when virgin (V), on day 18 of pregnancy (P18) and on lactation day 1 (L1), L5 and L14. Plasma FGF21 increased from nearly undetectable levels to over 8 ng/ml between V and P18 and returned to V levels by L1. Gene expression studies showed that liver was the major source of plasma FGF21 at P18 with little or no contribution from other known expressing tissues or from the developing placenta and mammary epithelial cells. The increased FGF21 production at P18 was dissociated from plasma nonesterified fatty acids and liver lipids, unlike that seen in fasted V mice. Changes in FGF21 signaling components in target tissues were modest except for reduced β-Klotho and FGFR1c expression in P18 adipose tissue. The placenta expressed both β-Klotho and FGFR1c, raising the possibility that it responds to FGF21. In conclusion, maternal FGF21 is increased when products of conception account for ~40% of maternal weight, suggesting that FGF21 orchestrates some of the adaptations needed to meet the energy demand of late pregnancy. © 2014 the American Physiological Society.
Antioxidants in Food, Vitamins and Supplements: Prevention and Treatment of Disease; Antioxidants in Food, Vitamins and Supplements bridges the gap between books aimed at consumers and technical volumes written for investigators in antioxidant research. It explores the role of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of various diseases as well as antioxidant foods, vitamins, and all antioxidant supplements, including herbal supplements. It offers healthcare professionals a rich resource of key clinical information and basic scientific explanations relevant to the development and prevention of specific diseases. The book is written at an intermediate level, and can be easily understood by readers with a college level chemistry and biology background. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Obese pregnant women may transmit their metabolic phenotype to offspring, leading to a cycle of obesity and diabetes over generations. Early childhood obesity predicts nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic human liver disease. The fetus may be vulnerable to steatosis because immature fetal adipose depots are not available to buffer the excess transplacental lipid delivery in maternal obesity. In animal models, in utero high-fat diet exposure results in an increase in the accumulation of liver triglycerides in offspring and increased hepatic oxidative stress and apoptosis, perhaps priming the liver for later development of NAFLD. Innate immune dysfunction and necroinflammatory changes have been observed in postnatal offspring liver of animals born to high-fat-fed dams. Postweaning, livers of offspring exposed to maternal high-fat feeding in utero share pathophysiologic features with human NAFLD, including increased de novo lipogenesis and decreased free fatty acid oxidation. Human studies using magnetic resonance imaging have shown that maternal BMI predicts infant intrahepatocellular lipid storage, as seen in animal models. The generational transfer of NAFLD may occur via epigenetic changes in offspring liver. Transmission of microbiota from mother to infant may impact energy retention and immune function that contribute to a predisposition to NAFLD. © 2014 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Ectopic fat and cardiometabolic and vascular risk; Given that the variation in how regional adipose tissue handles and stores excess dietary energy has substantial cardiometabolic implications, ectopic fat distribution might be an important predictor of cardiometabolic and vascular risk, in addition to overall obesity itself. Conceptually, ectopic fat depots may be divided into systemically acting fat depots and locally acting fat depots. Systemically acting fat depots include visceral fat, fat in the liver, muscle, or neck, and subcutaneous fat. Accumulation in the abdominal visceral area, compared with overall obesity, has an equally or more important role in the development of cardiometabolic risk. Fat depots in liver/muscle tissue cause adverse cardiometabolic effects by affecting energy metabolism. Fat depots in lower-body subcutaneous areas may be protective regarding cardiometabolic risk, by trapping remnant energy. Fat accumulation in the neck is a unique type of fat depot that may increase cardiovascular risk by increasing insulin resistance. Locally acting fat depots include pericardial fat, perivascular fat, and renal sinus fat. These fat depots have effects primarily on adjacent anatomic organs, directly via lipotoxicity and indirectly via cytokine secretion. Pericardial fat is associated with coronary atherosclerosis. Perivascular fat may play an independent role in adverse vascular biology, including arterial stiffness. Renal sinus fat is a unique fat depot that may confer additional cardiometabolic risk. Thus, ectopic fat depots may contribute to the understanding of the link between body composition and cardiometabolic risk. In this review, we focus on the role and clinical implications of ectopic fat depots in cardiometabolic and vascular risk. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Three new players in energy regulation: Preptin, adropin and irisin; Homeostasis of energy is regulated by genetic factors, food intake, and energy expenditure. When energy input is greater than expenditure, the balance is positive, which can lead to weight gain and obesity. When the balance is negative, weight is lost. Regulation of this homeostasis is multi-factorial, involving many orexigenic (appetite-stimulating) and anorexigenic (appetite-suppressing) peptide hormones. Peripheral tissues are now known to be involved in weight regulation and research on its endocrine characteristics proceeds apace. Preptin with 34 amino acids (MW 3948 Da), adropin with 43 amino acids and a molecular weight of (4999 Da), and irisin with 112 amino acids (12587 Da), are three newly discovered peptides critical for regulating energy metabolism. Preptin is synthesized primarily in pancreatic beta cells, and adropin mainly in the liver and brain, and many peripheral tissues. Irisin, however, is synthesized principally in the heart muscle, along with peripheral tissues, including salivary glands, kidney and liver. The prime functions of preptin and adropin include regulating carbohydrate, lipid and protein metabolisms by moderating glucose-mediated insulin release. Irisin is an anti-obesitic and anti-diabetic hormone regulating adipose tissue metabolism and glucose homeostasis by converting white to brown adipose tissue. This review offers a historical account of these discovery and function of these peptides, including their structure, and physiological and biochemical properties. Their roles in energy regulation will be discussed. Their measurement in biological fluids will be considered, which will lead to further discussion of their possible clinical value. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
GLP-1 responses are heritable and blunted in acquired obesity with high liver fat and insulin resistance; Objective Impaired incretin response represents an early and uniformdefect in type 2 diabetes, but the contributions of genes and the environment are poorly characterized. Research Design And Methods We studied 35 monozygotic (MZ) and 75 dizygotic (DZ) twin pairs (discordant and concordant for obesity) to determine the heritability of glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) responses to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and the influence of acquired obesity to GLP-1, glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), and peptide YY (PYY) during OGTT or meal test. Results The heritability of GLP-1 area under the curve was 67% (95% CI 45-80). Cotwins from weight-concordant MZ and DZ pairs and weight-discordant MZ pairs but concordant for liver fat content demonstrated similar glucose, insulin, and incretin profiles after the OGTT and meal tests. In contrast, higher insulin responses and blunted 60-min GLP-1 responses during the OGTT were observed in the heavier as compared with leaner MZ cotwins discordant for BMI, liver fat, and insulin sensitivity. Blunted GLP-1 response to OGTT was observed in heavier as compared with leaner DZ cotwins discordant for obesity and insulin sensitivity. Conclusions Whereas the GLP-1 response to the OGTT is heritable, an acquired unhealthy pattern of obesity characterized by liver fat accumulation and insulin resistance is closely related to impaired GLP-1 response in young adults. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Hypothalamic endoplasmic reticulum stress and insulin resistance in offspring of mice dams fed high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation; Objective The goal of this study was to determine the presence early of markers of endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) and insulin resistance in the offspring from dams fed HFD (HFD-O) or standard chow diet (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. Materials/Methods To address this question, we evaluated the hypothalamic and hepatic tissues in recently weaned mice (d28) and the hypothalamus of newborn mice (d0) from dams fed HFD or SC during pregnancy and lactation. Results Body weight, adipose tissue mass, and food intake were more accentuated in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice. In addition, intolerance to glucose and insulin was higher in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice. Compared with SC-O mice, levels of hypothalamic IL1-β mRNA, NFκB protein, and p-JNK were increased in HFD-O mice. Furthermore, compared with SC-O mice, hypothalamic AKT phosphorylation after insulin challenge was reduced, while markers of ERS (p-PERK, p-eIF2α, XBP1s, GRP78, and GRP94) and p-AMPK were increased in the hypothalamic tissue of HFD-O at d28 but not at d0. These damages to hypothalamic signaling were accompanied by increased triglyceride deposits, activation of NFκB, p-JNK, p-PERK and p-eIF2α. Conclusion These point out lactation period as maternal trigger for metabolic changes in the offspring. These changes may occur early and quietly contribute to obesity and associated pathologies in adulthood. Although in rodents the establishment of ARC neuronal projections occurs during the lactation period, in humans it occurs during the third trimester. Gestational diabetes and obesity in this period may contribute to impairment of energy homeostasis. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Egg consumption and insulin metabolism in the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS); Objective To examine the association between egg consumption and measures of insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response (AIR) and metabolic clearance rate of insulin (MCRI). Design Cross-sectional analysis. Settings Egg consumption, categorized as <1/week, 1 to <3/week, 3 to <5/week and ≥5/week, was measured using a validated FFQ. SI, AIR and MCRI were determined from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests. Subjects Non-diabetic participants (n 949) in the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS). Results Egg consumption was inversely associated with SI and MCRI, and positively associated with fasting insulin in regression models adjusted for demographic, socio-economic, lifestyle and dietary factors (β = -0·22, 95 % CI -0·38, -0·045, P = 0·05 for SI; β = -0·20, 95 % CI -0·34, -0·055, P = 0·005 for MCRI; β = 0·35, 95 % CI 0·15, 0·54, P = 0·002 for fasting insulin; all P values for linear trend). These associations remained significant after additionally adjusting for energy intake or dietary saturated fat, although dietary cholesterol and BMI attenuated these associations to non-significance. Egg consumption was not associated with AIR. Conclusions Dietary cholesterol and BMI appear to mediate the inverse association of egg consumption with insulin sensitivity and clearance. Alternatively, egg consumption may be clustered with other dietary behaviours which increase BMI, hence negatively impacting on insulin sensitivity and clearance. © 2013 The Authors.
Programming of fetal insulin resistance in pregnancies with maternal obesity by ER stress and inflammation; The global epidemics of obesity during pregnancy and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) are major public health problems worldwide. Obesity and excessive GWG are related to several maternal and fetal complications, including diabetes (pregestational and gestational diabetes) and intrauterine programming of insulin resistance (IR). Maternal obesity (MO) and neonatal IR are associated with long-term development of obesity, diabetes mellitus, and increased global cardiovascular risk in the offspring. Multiple mechanisms of insulin signaling pathway impairment have been described in obese individuals, involving complex interactions of chronically elevated inflammatory mediators, adipokines, and the critical role of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-dependent unfolded protein response (UPR). However, the underlying cellular processes linking MO and IR in the offspring have not been fully elucidated. Here, we summarize the state-of-the-art evidence supporting the possibility that adverse metabolic postnatal outcomes such as IR in the offspring of pregnancies with MO and/or excessive GWG may be related to intrauterine activation of ER stress response. © 2014 Francisco Westermeier et al.
Transitory diabetes insipidus in a woman with a twin pregnancy and liver dysfunction. Review of polydipsia-polyuria syndrome in pregnancy; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare endocrine complication of pregnancy. Traditionally, DI has been considered to be either central or nephrogenic. However, in pregnancy, a specific type has been described: transient DI or gestational DI. This entity occurs mainly in the third trimester of pregnancy and resolves spontaneously between the first and fourth week after delivery. The physiopathology of gestational DI has a placental origin, with excessive levels of placental vasopressinase leading to excessive catabolism of vasopressin and secondarily to polydipsia-polyuria syndrome in the pregnant woman. Screening for subclinical pregestational DI (central or nephrogenic) or transient gestation is mandatory whenever this entity is suspected clinically. Diagnosis is simple and treatment with desmopressin acetate significantly decreases the maternal and fetal risks of this disease. It is also necessary to exclude other frequently associated disorders (preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome, liver dysfunction) and to carry out close fetal monitoring, because of the risk of intrauterine growth retardation secondary to placental dysfunction. © 2014 SEGO.
High oleic/stearic fatty-acid desaturation index in cord plasma from infants of mothers with gestational diabetes; Objective:Enhanced fatty-acid desaturation by stearoyl-CoA desaturase enzyme-1 (SCD1) is associated with obesity. This study determined desaturation in the cord plasma of newborns of mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM).Study design:Newborns of mothers with GDM (n=21) and without (control, n=22) were recruited. Cord plasma fatty-acid desaturation indices (palmitoleic/palmitic, oleic/stearic ratios) were compared, and correlated with anthropometrics and biochemical measures. A subset of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) desaturation indices were determined to approximate the liver SCD1 activity.Result:The total oleic/stearic index was higher in GDM, despite adjustment for cord glucose concentrations. Among GDM and controls, the oleic/stearic index correlated with cord glucose concentrations (r s =0.36, P=0.02). Both palmitoleic/palmitic and oleic/stearic indices correlated with waist circumference (r=0.47, P=0.001; r=0.37, P=0.01). The VLDL oleic/stearic index was higher in GDM.Conclusion:The elevated total oleic/stearic index suggests increased lipogenesis in GDM newborns. Factors in addition to glucose supply may influence fetal SCD1 activity. © 2014 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved.
Independent association of liver fat accumulation with insulin resistance; Background To examine the association of intrahepatic fat with homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), a marker of insulin resistance, in Japanese adults, and whether intrahepatic fat is associated with insulin resistance independent of waist circumference and other measures of obesity. Methods Fifty-three individuals aged 37-69 were studied. Spectrum obtained using a 3-T magnetic resonance imager was analysed with LCModel to quantify intrahepatic fat. Blood levels of insulin, glucose and other biochemical markers were obtained after 8 h or more fasting. Percent body fat was estimated by a bioelectrical impedance analyzer. HOMA-IR and intrahepatic fat content were log-transformed in the analysis. Results We found a positive correlation between intrahepatic fat and HOMA-IR, which was independent of the anthropometric measures of obesity. In contrast, significant and positive correlations of body mass index, percent body fat, and waist circumference with HOMA-IR were largely explained by their associations with intrahepatic fat. Intrahepatic fat was positively associated with alanine transaminase and triglycerides even after adjustment for HOMA-IR. Conclusion Intrahepatic fat was associated with insulin resistance independent of age, sex, and measures of obesity in Japanese adults. Hypertriglyceridemia and liver injury may directly occur subsequent to intrahepatic fat accumulation. © 2013 Asian Oceanian Association for the Study of Obesity. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Lycopene supplementation modulates plasma concentrations and epididymal adipose tissue mRNA of leptin, resistin and IL-6 in diet-induced obese rats; Obesity is characterised by chronic low-grade inflammation, and lycopene has been reported to display anti-inflammatory effects. However, it is not clear whether lycopene supplementation modulates adipokine levels in vivo in obesity. To determine whether lycopene supplementation can regulate adipokine expression in obesity, male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to receive a control diet (C, n 6) or a hyperenergetic diet (DIO, n 12) for 6 weeks. After this period, the DIO animals were randomised into two groups: DIO (n 6) and DIO supplemented with lycopene (DIO+L, n 6). The animals received maize oil (C and DIO) or lycopene (DIO+L, 10Â mg/kg body weight (BW) per d) by oral administration for a 6-week period. The animals were then killed by decapitation, and blood samples and epididymal adipose tissue were collected for hormonal determination and gene expression evaluation (IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), TNF-α, leptin and resistin). There was no detectable lycopene in the plasma of the C and DIO groups. However, the mean lycopene plasma concentration was 24Â nmol in the DIO+L group. Although lycopene supplementation did not affect BW or adiposity, it significantly decreased leptin, resistin and IL-6 gene expression in epididymal adipose tissue and plasma concentrations. Also, it significantly reduced the gene expression of MCP-1 in epididymal adipose tissue. Lycopene affects adipokines by reducing leptin, resistin and plasma IL-6 levels. These data suggest that lycopene may be an effective strategy in reducing inflammation in obesity. Copyright © The Authors 2013.
Humanin: A possible linkage between Alzheimer's disease and type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of Alzheimer's disease (AD) is higher among type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. In T2DM patients, the progression of AD is more rapid. Furthermore, several pathophysiological pathways are common to AD and T2DM. Humanin is a recently introduced, mitochondrial-derived peptide with neuroprotective effects. Humanin can alter the mechanisms involved in AD and T2DM pathogenesis. Insulin resistance as well as oxidative stress has been shown to be associated with increased amyloid deposition in brain neurons and islet beta cells. Moreover, advanced glycation end products and lipid metabolism disorders are common pathways of oxidative stress and low-grade systemic inflammation in AD and T2DM. These common pathways may explain AD and T2DM pathogenesis and suggest common treatments for both diseases. Treatments for T2DM and AD attempt to slow cognitive decline, and recent investigations have focused on agents that may alter pathways common to AD and T2DM pathogenesis. Non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs, such as interleukin-1 antagonists and statins, are possible drug candidates for both AD and T2DM. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Gestational diabetes mellitus worsens the profile of cardiometabolic risk markers and decrease indexes of beta-cell function independently of insulin resistance in nondiabetic women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes; Background. Women with a history of both parental type 2 diabetes (pt2DM) and previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) represent a group at high risk of cardiovascular events. We hypothesized that pGDM changes cardiometabolic risk markers levels as well as theirs associations with glucose indices in nondiabetic pt2DM women. Methods. Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation (OGTT), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), beta-cell function, lipid levels, parameters of endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation were evaluated in 55 women with pt2DM, 40 with both pt2DM and pGDM 2-24 months postpartum, and 35 controls. Results. Prediabetes was diagnosed more frequently in women with both pt2DM and pGDM in comparison with women with only pt2DM (10 versus 8, P = 0. 04). The pGDM group had higher LDL-cholesterol, sICAM-1, tPa Ag, fibrinogen, and lower beta-cell function after adjustment for HOMA-IR, in comparison with pt2DM group. In pt2DM group postchallenge glucose correlated independently with hsCRP and in pGDM group fasting glucose with HOMA-IR. Conclusions. pGDM exerts a combined effect on cardiometabolic risk markers in women with pt2DM. In these women higher LDL-cholesterol, fibrinogen, sICAM-1, tPa Ag levels and decreased beta cell function are associated with pGDM independently of HOMA-IR index value. Fasting glucose is an important cardiometabolic risk marker and is independently associated with HOMA-IR. © 2014 Alina Sokup,et al.
The mechanisms linking adiposopathy to type 2 diabetes; Obesity is defined as excessive accumulation of body fat in proportion to body size. When obesity occurs, the functions of adipose tissue may be deregulated, which is termed as adiposopathy. Adiposopathy is an independent risk factor for many diseases, including diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. In overweight or obese subjects with adiposopathy, hyperlipidemia exerts lipotoxicity in pancreatic islet and liver and induces pancreatic β cell dysfunction and liver insulin resistance, which are the decisive factors causing type 2 diabetes. Moreover, adipokines have been shown to play important roles in the regulation of glucose homeostasis. When adiposopathy occurs, abnormal changes in the serum adipokine profile correlate with the development and progression of pancreatic β cell dysfunction and insulin resistance in peripheral tissue. The current paper briefly discusses the latest findings regarding the effects of adiposopathy-related lipotoxicity and cytokine toxicity on the development of type 2 diabetes. © 2013 Higher Education Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Chemerin concentrations in maternal and fetal compartments: Implications for metabolic adaptations to normal human pregnancy; Objectives: Chemerin, a novel adipocytokine, has been implicated in major metabolic and inflammatory processes. Study aims were to determine whether circulating maternal chemerin concentration (1) differs between pregnant and non-pregnant women, (2) changes as a function of gestational age, and (3) correlates with maternal insulin resistance. In addition, we investigated which compartment, maternal, fetal or placental, is the source of chemerin in maternal circulation. Methods: The study included three groups: Non-pregnant (n=18), pregnant women in the first trimester (n=19) and pregnant women in the third trimester (n = 33). Chemerin was measured in cord blood and in maternal serum samples taken before and after delivery. Chemerin mRNA expression was evaluated in fetal and human adult tissues. Results: Chemerin serum concentration was significantly higher in pregnant women in the third trimester than in non-pregnant and pregnant women in the first trimester. Chemerin concentration positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. Antenatal chemerin concentration was significantly lower than that during the postpartum period. Neonatal chemerin did not correlate with maternal one. Chemerin mRNA expression was abundant in fetal and adult liver and omental fat, but relatively low in placenta. Conclusions: Chemerin is increased during normal gestation and is associated with maternal BMI and insulin resistance. Maternal tissues, possibly liver and adipose tissue, contribute to the increased maternal chemerin concentration.
Obesity and psoriasis: Inflammatory nature of obesity, relationship between psoriasis and obesity, and therapeutic implications; Obesity, particularly abdominal obesity, is currently considered a chronic low-grade inflammatory condition that plays an active role in the development of the pathophysiologic phenomena responsible for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease through the secretion of proinflammatory adipokines and cytokines. In recent years clear genetic, pathogenic, and epidemiologic links have been established between psoriasis and obesity, with important implications for health. The relationship between the 2 conditions is probably bidirectional, with obesity predisposing to psoriasis and psoriasis favoring obesity. Obesity also has important implications in the treatment of psoriasis, such as a greater risk of adverse effects with conventional systemic drugs and reduced efficacy and/or increased cost with biologic agents, for which dosage should be adjusted to the patient's weight. © 2012 Elsevier España, S.L. and AEDV. All rights reserved.
NCOA5 Haploinsufficiency Results in Glucose Intolerance and Subsequent Hepatocellular Carcinoma; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) and male gender are associated with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) development. We demonstrate that heterozygous deletion of the Ncoa5 gene causes spontaneous development of HCC exclusively in male mice. Tumor development is preceded by increased interleukin-6 (IL-6) expression, early-onset glucose intolerance, and progressive steatosis and dysplasia in livers. Blockading IL-6 overexpression averts glucose intolerance and partially deters HCC development. Moreover, reduced NCOA5 expression is associated with a fraction of human HCCs and HCCs with comorbid T2D. These findings suggest that NCOA5 is a haploinsufficient tumor suppressor and that NCOA5 deficiency increases susceptibility to both glucose intolerance and HCC, partially by increasing IL-6 expression. Thus, our findings open additional avenues for developing therapeutic approaches to combat these diseases. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Evaluation of relationship between blood peroxidases activity and visfatin levels in metabolic syndrome patients blood peroxidases activity and visfatin levels in metabolic syndrome patients; BACKGROUND: The observed relationships between visfatin, peroxidases activity, and metabolic syndrome (MetS) are inconsistent; therefore, this study was undertaken to understand these relationships. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted as a part of the Isfahan Healthy Heart Program. A blood sample of 90 MetS and non-MetS patients were used to estimate total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TGs), fasting blood glucose (FBG), waist circumference (WC), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), visfatin and peroxidases activity. Data analysis for MetS group was carried out in two ways. (1) MetS with three components and with >3 components. (2) MetS with hyperglycemia and without hyperglycemia. RESULTS: SBP, DBP, WC, FBG, TC, TG, LDL-C, and were higher and HDL-C levels was lower in MetS patients. There was a significant correlation between visfatin levels and peroxidases activity in MetS patients with three components. Levels of visfatin were significantly higher in male as compared to female subjects in the MetS with three components group. There was a significant decrease in peroxidases activity in >45 years old subjects in the MetS with >3 components group. A significant correlation was observed between serum visfatin levels and FBG in the MetS without hyperglycemia group. CONCLUSION: Peroxidases activities in MetS patients can be related to visfatin levels. Gender influences on peroxidases activity probably and was lower in female patients with MetS. Hyperglycemia does not influence peroxidases activities and visfatin levels.
Low prepregnancy adiponectin concentrations are associated with a marked increase in risk for development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective-To examine whether circulating total and high-molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin concentrations, measured before pregnancy, are associated with subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Research design and methods-This was a nested case-control study among women who participated in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California Multiphasic Health Check-up exam (1984-1996) with a serum sample obtained and who had a subsequent pregnancy (1984-2009). Eligible womenwere free of recognized diabetes. Case subjects were the 256 women who developed GDM. Two control subjects were selected for each case and matched for year of blood draw, age at exam, age at pregnancy, and number of intervening pregnancies. Results-Compared with the highest quartile of adiponectin, the risk of GDM increased with decreasing quartile (odds ratio [OR] 1.5 [95% CI 0.7-2.9], 3.7 [1.9-7.2], and 5.2 [2.6- 10.1]; Ptrend <0.001) after adjustment for family history of diabetes, BMI, parity, race/ethnicity, cigarette smoking, and glucose and insulin concentrations. Similar estimates were observed for HMW(Ptrend <0.001). The combined effects of having total adiponectin levels below the median (<10.29 mg/mL) and being overweight or obese (BMI ≥25.0 kg/m2) were associated with a sevenfold increased risk of GDM compared with normal-weight women with adiponectin levels above the median (OR 6.7 [95% CI 3.6-12.5]). Conclusions-Prepregnancy low adiponectin concentrations, a marker of decreased insulin sensitivity and altered adipocyte endocrine function, is associated with reduced glucose tolerance during pregnancy and may identify women at high risk for GDM to target for early intervention. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
Angiopoietin-like proteins: A comprehensive look; Angiopoietin-like proteins (ANGPTLs) are a family of proteins structurally similar to the angiopoietins. To date, eight ANGPTLs have been discovered, namely ANGPTL1 to ANGPTL8. Emerging evidence implies a key role for ANGPTLs in the regulation of a plethora of physiological and pathophysiological processes. Most of the ANGPTLs exhibit multibiological properties, including established functional roles in lipid and glucose metabolism, inflammation, hematopoiesis, and cancer. This report represents a systematic and updated appraisal of this class of proteins, focusing on the main features of each ANGPTL. © 2014 Santulli.
Low adiponectin in overweight/obese women: Association with diabetes during pregnancy; BACKGROUND: Overweight/obese (OW/OB) women are at high risk to develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnancy. AIM: To investigate, in pregnant OW/OB women, the longitudinal changes of adiponectin plasma levels, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and to identify if there is any association between adipokines and subsequent development of GDM. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-two OW/OB normotensive normoglycaemic women at the beginning of pregnancy were studied. Adiponectin, insulin sensitivity (homeostasis model assessment, HOMA) and lipid panel were measured at 1st, 2nd and 3 rd trimesters of pregnancy. The bioelectrical impedance to estimate the subject's body composition was also performed. RESULTS: Sixteen OW/OB women developed GDM. There were no significant differences with regard to age, BMI and body composition. Glycaemic and insulinaemic plasma levels, HOMA and lipid panel were comparable in the two groups. Systolic, diastolic and mean blood pressure at the 1st trimester were higher in OW/OB women with GDM ( p < 0.05). GDM group showed adiponectin levels significantly lower than control group, at each trimester (p < 0.05). Adiponectin, fat mass, diastolic blood pressure and HOMA are independent predictors of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: OW/OB women who will develop GDM show lower adiponectin than euglycaemic group, across all pregnancy. Furthermore, at first trimester, they showed higher body fat and blood pressure levels than NGT group. Adiponectin, body fat, DBP and HOMA are independent predictors of GDM in OW/OB pregnant women. These results suggest the possibility of using adiponectin as early marker of GDM risk, at least in this cohort of women.
Chronic inflammation exacerbates glucose metabolism disorders in C57BL/6J mice fed with high-fat diet; Inflammatory stress is closely related to metabolic disease and insulin resistance. The precise cellular mechanism linking obesity and diabetes is largely unknown, but about 14-20% of obese individuals develop diabetes. In this study, we investigated whether chronic inflammation exacerbated glucose metabolism disorder by impairing b cell function in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed C57BL/6J mice. We used s.c. casein injection to induce chronic inflammation in HFD-fed C57BL/6J mice; 14 weeks on a HFD resulted in weight gain, hyperlipidemia, and low insulin sensitivity in these mice which nevertheless had normal blood glucose and serum inflammatory cytokines levels. Casein injection in the background of HFD elevated serum tumor necrosis factor a (TNFa) and serum amyloid A levels and increased TNFa and MCP1 expression in the adipose tissue, liver, and muscle of HFD-fed mice. Chronic inflammation induced by casein injection further decreased insulin sensitivity and insulin signaling, resulting in insulin deficiency and hyperglycemia in these mice. Islet mass and insulin content were markedly increased in HFD mice. However, in contrast with HFD-fed alone, chronic inflammation in HFD-fed mice decreased both islet mass and insulin content, reduced the genetic expression of insulin synthesis and secretion, and increased b cell apoptosis. We conclude that chronic inflammation exacerbated glucose metabolism disorders by impairing b cell function in HFD-fed C57BL/6J mice, suggesting that this mechanism may operate in obese individuals with chronic inflammation, making them prone to hyperglycemia. © 2013 Society for Endocrinology.
Advances in study on metabolic syndrome and viral hepatitis; Metabolic syndrome comprises a group of correlated clinical features which have insulin resistance (IR) as a common pathogenic determinant. It can lead to type 2 diabetes mellitus, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and cardiovascular disorders. Some studies have shown that metabolic syndrome is a risk factor for hepatic tissue injure in patients with chronic viral hepatitis, but the conclusion is still a controversial issue. This article reviewed the advances in study on metabolic syndrome and viral hepatitis.
Mitochondria and their role in cardiovascular disease; Over the past two decades, due to dramatic advances in molecular and cell biology, biochemistry, and genetics, our view on mitochondria as a relatively static cellular powerhouse has changed radically. We now know that these organelles play a critical role in the normal and in the damaged heart. Written by Dr. José Marín-García, Director of the Molecular Cardiology and Neuromuscular Institute, Mitochondria and Their Role in Cardiovascular Disease brings readers up- to-date on the many significant advances in the field of mitochondrial cardiovascular medicine. The book begins with a general introduction to mitochondria, followed by laboratory methods to study the structure and function of the organelle, regulation of replication and biogenesis, and the mechanisms and functional consequences of mitophagia and mitochondrial dynamics. Subsequent chapters deal with mitochondrial oxidative stress and the role that the organelle plays in cell signaling and cell death. Discussions will be undertaken on the biochemistry of mitochondrial cell signaling, including the nature of the proteins engaged in these processes, many of them only recently discovered. Later chapters examine the role of mitochondria and mitochondrial abnormalities in cardiovascular diseases, including their diagnosis, therapeutic options currently available, animal models of mitochondrial disease, and new frontiers in mitochondria cardiovascular medicine, including areas of research that are relatively new or developing, such as proteomics, next generation sequencing, and systems biology. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013. All rights are reserved.
Plasma microRNAs as Biomarkers of Human Diseases; This chapter summarizes the current knowledge regarding circulating microRNAs (miRNAs). It focuses on the identification and potential use of miRNAs in plasma, and to some extent serum, as novel biomarkers for various diseases. This research area is still in its infancy and requires further investigation before circulating miRNAs can be applied as: (1) diagnostic biomarkers associated with the detection of disease; (2) prognostic biomarkers helping to predict disease outcome; and (3) predictive biomarkers, which are important for planning treatment as they are associated with response or resistance to a particular therapy option. The chapter focuses on cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular, neurological, diabetes mellitus and infectious diseases as they are the most common ones and affect millions of people worldwide. It discusses the protocol and sample processing standardization and data normalization problems, as well as the theories regarding the origins and functions of circulating miRNAs. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Estimating the risk after gestational diabetes mellitus: Can we improve the information from the postpartum OGTT?; Risk stratification after pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is based on screening with the 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Actually, prediabetes and diabetes are diagnosed by impaired fasting [fasting plasma glucose (FPG)] and 120 min-postload glucose levels (120'-PLG). We hypothesized that the clinical information could be improved by including measurements at different time points from the OGTT in the medical decision-making process. One hundred ten women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) and 41 controls were included 3-6 mo after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: 3-h OGTT, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) with markers of inflammation and endothelial function. pGDMs were annually invited for reexaminations for a maximum of 10 yr. Multiple linear regression suggested that postload glucose levels at 60 min (60'-PLG) were a better predictor for insulin sensitivity [β: -0.10, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.14 to -0.05, P< 0.001] and disposition index (DI) (β: -0.07, 95% CI -0.12 to -0.02, P = 0.004) estimated from the FSIGT compared with other time points during the OGTT. The association between 60'-PLG and insulin secretion was of particular importance in women after GDM. We further identified associations of 60'-PLG with ultrasensitive C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, tissue plasminogen activator, endothelial-leukocyte adhesion molecule 1, and intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1. There appeared to be no interactions between females with pGDM and controls, suggesting comparable effects. We observed that 60'-PLG levels were closely related to the later onset of diabetes independent from the routinely measured FPG and 120'-PLG levels. Our data suggest that the sole interpretation of FPG and 120'-PLG of the OGTT leads to significant loss of information. Particularly 60'-PLG was shown to distinguish women at low or high metabolic and cardiovascular risk. © 2013 the American Physiological Society.
Evidence of brown fat activity in constitutional leanness; Background: Brown adipose tissue (BAT) was considered essentially nonexistent in adults until recent evidence obtained using 18-fluorodeoxyglucose (18-FDG) positron emission tomography/computed tomography. It seems to play a role in whole body metabolism, but it has not been evaluated in underweight conditions, such as in young females with constitutional leanness (CL) or anorexia nervosa (AN). Subjects and Methods: Thirty-eight subjects were evaluated from October 2011 to March 2012 : 7 CL (21.7 ± 3.6 y, body mass index [BMI] 16.2 ± 1.0 kg/m2), 7 AN (23.4 ± 4.5 y, BMI 15.5 ± 0.8), 3 of the 7 AN after stable refeeding (R-AN, 21.3 ± 1.5 y, BMI 18.8 ± 1.1), and 24 normal weight (NW) women (25.6 ± 3.9 y, BMI 22.2 ± 1.5). Fasting resting metabolic rate and respiratory quotient were measured by indirect calorimetry, body composition by bioimpedentiometry (only in CL, AN, and refed AN), and BAT activity by 18-FDG positron emission tomography/computed tomography scan, all in standardized conditions. Results: All CL (100%), none of the AN and refed AN (0%), and 3 of the 24 NW (12%) subjects showed FDG uptake. Average FDG maximum standardized uptake value was 11.4 + 6.7 g/mL in CL and 5.5 ± 1.2 g/mL (min 3.7, max 8.3) in the 3 NW subjects. In CL, the maximum standardized uptake value was directly correlated to resting metabolic rate, corrected for fat-free mass, and inversely correlated with respiratory quotient. Conclusion: BAT activity has been shown in CL in resting thermoneutral conditions and may exert a role against adipose tissue deposition. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Iron homeostasis in the Metabolic Syndrome; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) affects iron homeostasis in a many-faceted fashion. On the one side, hyperferritinaemia with normal or mildly elevated transferrin saturation is observed in approximately one-third of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) or the MetS. This constellation has been named the 'dysmetabolic iron overload syndrome (DIOS)'. Current evidence suggests that elevated body iron stores exert a detrimental effect on the clinical course of obesity-related conditions and that iron removal improves insulin sensitivity and delays the onset of T2DM. On the other side, iron deficiency is a frequent finding in more progressed stages of obesity. The mechanisms underlying the DIOS and obesity-related iron deficiency appear strikingly similar as elevated hepcidin concentrations, low expression of duodenal ferroportin (FPN) and impaired iron absorption are found in both conditions. This review summarizes the current knowledge about the dysregulation of iron homeostasis in the MetS and particularly in its hepatic manifestation NAFLD. © 2012 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Role of insulin resistance in endothelial dysfunction; Insulin resistance is frequently associated with endothelial dysfunction and has been proposed to play a major role in cardiovascular diseases. Insulin exerts pro- and anti-atherogenic actions on the vasculature. The balance between nitric oxide (NO)-dependent vasodilator actions and endothelin-1- dependent vasoconstrictor actions of insulin is regulated by phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-dependent (PI3K) - and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-dependent signaling in vascular endothelium, respectively. During insulin-resistant conditions, pathway-specific impairment in PI3K-dependent signaling may cause imbalance between production of NO and secretion of endothelin-1 and lead to endothelial dysfunction. Insulin sensitizers that target pathway-selective impairment in insulin signaling are known to improve endothelial dysfunction. In this review, we discuss the cellular mechanisms in the endothelium underlying vascular actions of insulin, the role of insulin resistance in mediating endothelial dysfunction, and the effect of insulin sensitizers in restoring the balance in pro- and anti-atherogenic actions of insulin. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Seaweeds as potential therapeutic interventions for the metabolic syndrome; Seaweeds are a characteristic part of the traditional diet in countries such as Japan and Korea; these countries also have a lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome than countries such as the USA and Australia. This suggests that seaweeds may contain compounds that reduce the characteristic signs of obesity, diabetes, hypertension, fatty liver and inflammation in the metabolic syndrome. Potentially bioactive compounds from seaweeds include polysaccharides, peptides, pigments, minerals and omega-3 fatty acids. This review emphasises current research on these compounds in isolated cells, animal models and patients. Key problems for future research include chemical characterisation of the bioactive principles, defining pharmacological responses in all aspects of the metabolic syndrome, determining if a therapeutic dose has been administered, and defining oral bioavailability of the active ingredients. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Serum lipoprotein lipase mass as a novel biomarker of insulin sensitivity: A role in the evaluation of lipid-and glucose-targeting drugs in adipocytes andskeletal muscle cells; Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) plays an important role in the absorption of TG from the bloodstream into the tissues. LPL abnormalities cause hypertriglyceridemia and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels. LPL mass is usually measured after a heparin injection (postheparin LPL mass). LPL mass was found to exist in the serum before heparin injection (preheparin serum). The preheparin LPL mass is not active, and the role of this serum LPL mass is not known. We sought to clarify the role of LPL. The administration of troglitazone, an insulin-sensitizer, increased the serum LPL mass, as did an insulin injection. Metabolic syndrome severity is negatively related to serum LPL mass. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) is also correlated with serum LPL mass. These data suggest that the LPL mass reflects the LPL production in the entire body and might be a good marker of insulin sensitivity. Working from this assumption, we have assessed the effects of various lipid- and glucose-targeting drugs on LPL mass and have found several interesting results. 1) Metformin, which is mainly thought to reduce glucose synthesis in the liver, increased the serum LPL mass in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Thus, we observed a previously unidentified effect of metformin. In an in vitro study, metformin enhanced the LPL produced by skeletal muscle cells through the activation of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK); however, this effect was not observed in adipocytes. 2) 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors (statins) are widely used to reduce serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Some statins reduce serum TG levels and increase serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels. Pravastatin and atorvastatin increase preheparin LPL mass in patients with type 2 diabetes. Simvastatin and pitavastatin increase LPL activity in adipocytes. In skeletal muscle cells, atorvastatin and pitavastatin enhance LPL production through the activation of AMPK. This review will define serum LPL mass and describe the effects of several lipid- and glucose-targeting drugs on serum LPL mass, in addition to discussing new mechanisms regulating triglyceride metabolism in adipocytes and skeletal muscle cells. © 2013 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Fructose, pregnancy and later life impacts; Fructose is an increasingly common constituent of the Westernized diet due to cost and production efficiencies. Although an integral component of our pre-industrial revolution diet, over the past two decades human and animal studies have highlighted that excessive fructose intake appears to be associated with adverse metabolic effects. Excessive intake of fructose is the combined result of increased total energy consumption and increased portion sizes of foods, which often incorporate the fructose-containing sugars sucrose and high-fructose corn-syrup (HFCS). The adverse metabolic effects following excessive fructose consumption have become a hot topic in mainstream media and there is now rigorous scientific debate regarding periods of exposure, dosage levels, interactive effects with other sugars and fats and mechanisms underlying the actions of fructose. There is still a degree of controversy regarding the extent to which sugars such as sucrose and HFCS have contributed to the current epidemic of obesity and diabetes. Furthermore, an increasing number of infants are being exposed to sugar-sweetened food and beverages before birth and during early postnatal life, highlighting the importance of determining the long-term effects of this perinatal exposure on the developing offspring. There are limited human observational and controlled studies identifying associations of excessive sweetened food and beverage consumption with poor pregnancy outcomes. Animal research has demonstrated an increased incidence of gestational diabetes as well as altered maternal, fetal and offspring metabolic function, although the long-term effects and the mechanism underlying these perturbations are ill defined. This review aims to understand the role of early life fructose exposure in modifying postnatal risk of disease in the offspring, focusing on fructose intake during pregnancy and in early postnatal life. © 2013 Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Nutrition and diagnosis-related care: Seventh edition; Developed by well-known author and nutritionist Sylvia Escott-Stump, the Seventh Edition of this classic text provides timely, pertinent medical nutrition therapy information for the care of patients with over 360 diseases, disorders, and conditions. Each entry for a condition includes vital background information, objectives for care, dietary and nutritional recommendations, and commonly used medications and herbal or botanical remedies and their potential side effects. This edition features a new full-color art program and additional clinical photographs. The new Dietary Reference Intakes are used throughout the book. An expanded complementary nutrition section provides vital information on herbs, botanicals, and dietary supplements. The previous edition was one of "Doody's Core Titles 2009". © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Progression of β-Cell Dysfunction in Obese youth; The epidemic of childhood obesity has led to a remarkable increase in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) among youth worldwide. The decreasing age at onset of T2D has alarming public health implications. In particular, the longer duration of the disease, as well as the faster onset and progression of T2D related complications, will present a considerable burden for young adults and a strain on public health. Therefore, it is important to understand the pathophysiology of early phases of disruption of glucose tolerance and identify those critical points in which diabetes may be prevented. β-Cell dysfunction has been shown to represent one of the key pathogenetic defects underlying the progression to diabetes in obese youth. In the present review, we describe longitudinal and cross-sectional studies of changes in insulin sensitivity and secretion across the spectrum of glucose tolerance in obese adolescents. Further, the role of ectopic fat accumulation is discussed in relation to its association with both β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Pathogenesis of the metabolic syndrome: Insights from monogenic disorders; Identifying rare human metabolic disorders that result from a single-gene defect has not only enabled improved diagnostic and clinical management of such patients, but also has resulted in key biological insights into the pathophysiology of the increasingly prevalent metabolic syndrome. Insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes are linked to obesity and driven by excess caloric intake and reduced physical activity. However, key events in the causation of the metabolic syndrome are difficult to disentangle from compensatory effects and epiphenomena. This review provides an overview of three types of human monogenic disorders that result in (1) severe, non-syndromic obesity, (2) pancreatic beta cell forms of early-onset diabetes, and (3) severe insulin resistance. In these patients with single-gene defects causing their exaggerated metabolic disorder, the primary defect is known. The lessons they provide for current understanding of the molecular pathogenesis of the common metabolic syndrome are highlighted. © 2013 Rinki Murphy et al.
Modulation of cardiovascular function by Adipokines; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated risk factors such as obesity remain at the forefront of health concerns. Adipose tissue has been well established as an endocrine organ that becomes dysfunctional with increased adipose tissue mass. The secretion of several adipokines is altered in subjects with abdominal adiposity and these changes to the endocrine balance may contribute to increased CVD risk. The identification and characterization of disease-specific proteins within the adipose tissue offers a novel therapeutic target for prevention or treatment of cardiovascular complications. This review will discuss the latest developments on therapeutic targets within the context of adipokines, such as adiponectin, C1q/ tumor necrosis factor (TNF) related proteins (CTRPs), visfatin, vaspin, chemerin and omentin, and their involvement in obesity-related cardiovascular complications. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Beneficial role of estrogen signaling in glucose homeostasis and energy expenditure; Glucose is the most important fuel of mammalian cells and its uptake is crucial for cellular metabolism, differentiation, survival and proliferation. The insulin signaling pathway regulates the uptake of glucose and whole-body metabolic homeostasis by transducing extracellular signals through the insulin receptor (IR) to downstream intracellular targets. Dysregulation of insulin secretion or alterations of IR signal transduction pathways is associated with self-generating, progressive insulin resistance in thorough interplay with an imbalance of sexual steroid production. Insulin resistance and the associated metabolic and hormonal alterations predispose patients to a variety of life threatening diseases; such as metabolic syndrome, type-2 diabetes, cardiovascular lesions and malignancies at different sites. Estrogens have beneficial effects on energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis by several pathways. In the central nervous system, hypothalamic nuclei are the pivotal regulators of food intake and energy expenditure by means of their estrogen receptors (ERs). In the pancreatic islet cells, ERs advantageously regulate the biosynthesis and secretion of insulin and maintain the equilibrium of glycogen synthesis and glycogenolysis in the liver by the balanced activation of glycogen synthase and glycolytic enzymes. In the peripheral tissues, ERs advantageously modulate the insulin stimulated glucose uptake through regulation of the phosphorylation of IR protein and increase the expression and translocation of intracellular glucose transporters (GLUTs). Considering the regulatory effects of ERs on food intake, insulin secretion, glucose uptake and metabolic processes, estrogen administration seems to be a therapeutic avenue to repair insulin sensitivity in patients with dysmetabolism and diabetes mellitus. © 2013 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
The Adipocytokine Nampt and Its Product NMN Have No Effect on Beta-Cell Survival but Potentiate Glucose Stimulated Insulin Secretion; Aims/Hypothesis: Obesity is associated with a dysregulation of beta-cell and adipocyte function. The molecular interactions between adipose tissue and beta-cells are not yet fully elucidated. We investigated, whether or not the adipocytokine Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (Nampt) and its enzymatic product Nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN), which has been associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) directly influence beta-cell survival and function. Methods: The effect of Nampt and NMN on viability of INS-1E cells was assessed by WST-1 assay. Apoptosis was measured by Annexin V/PI and TUNEL assay. Activation of apoptosis signaling pathways was evaluated. Adenylate kinase release was determined to assess cytotoxicity. Chronic and acute effects of the adipocytokine Nampt and its enzymatic product NMN on insulin secretion were assessed by glucose stimulated insulin secretion in human islets. Results: While stimulation of beta-cells with the cytokines IL-1β, TNFα and IFN-γ or palmitate significantly decreased viability, Nampt and NMN showed no direct effect on viability in INS-1E cells or in human islets, neither alone nor in the presence of pro-diabetic conditions (elevated glucose concentrations and palmitate or cytokines). At chronic conditions over 3 days of culture, Nampt and its product NMN had no effects on insulin secretion. In contrast, both Nampt and NMN potentiated glucose stimulated insulin secretion acutely during 1 h incubation of human islets. Conclusion/Interpretation: Nampt and NMN neither influenced beta-cell viability nor apoptosis but acutely potentiated glucose stimulated insulin secretion. © 2013 Spinnler et al.
Maternal obesity and its long-term sequelae to the offspring; With the continuous rise in the rate of obesity in reproductive age women, there is an increasing academic interest in the long-term complications to the offspring. Just as malnutrition during pregnancy has been shown to have risks for the child, such as hypertension, high cholesterol, insulin resistance and coronary heart disease [1], the same risks can be seen in obesity during pregnancy [2,3]. This chapter summarizes the current research into the long-term com plications for the offspring of pregnant obese mothers, specifically metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, asthma, learning disabilities and cardiovascular disease. Keeping these risks in mind, clinicians can more effectively educate women interested in family planning, prepare them for future complications, and advocate for better lifestyle and treatment options. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd.
Maternal obesity is associated with the formation of small dense LDL and hypoadiponectinemia in the third trimester; Context: Maternal obesity is associated with high plasma triglyceride, poor vascular function, and an increased risk for pregnancy complications. In normal-weight pregnant women, higher triglyceride is associated with increased small, dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL). Hypothesis: In obese pregnancy, increased plasma triglyceride concentrations result in triglyceride enrichment of very low-density lipoprotein-1 particles and formation of small dense LDL via lipoprotein lipase. Design: Women (n = 55) of body mass index of 18-46 kg/m2 were sampled longitudinally at 12, 26, and 35 weeks' gestation and 4 months postnatally. Setting: Women were recruited at hospital antenatal appointments, and study visits were in a clinical research suite. Outcome Measures: Plasma concentrations of lipids, triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, lipoprotein lipase mass, estradiol, steroid hormone binding globulin, insulin, glucose, leptin, and adiponectin were determined. Results: Obese women commenced pregnancy with higher plasma triglyceride, reached the same maximum, and then returned to higher postnatal levels than normal-weight women. Estradiol response to pregnancy (trimester 1-3 incremental area under the curve) was positively associated with plasma triglyceride response (r2 adjusted 25%, P<.001). In the third trimester, the proportion of small, dense LDL was 2-fold higher in obesewomenthan normal-weight women [mean (SD) 40.7 (18.8) vs 21.9 (10.9)%, P = .014], and 35% of obese, 14% of overweight, and none of the normal-weight women displayed an atherogenic LDL subfraction phenotype. The small, dense LDL mass response to pregnancy was inversely associated with adiponectin response (17%, P = .013). Conclusions: Maternal obesity is associated with an atherogenic LDL subfraction phenotype and may provide a mechanistic link to poor vascular function and adverse pregnancy outcome. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Nutritional lipidomics: Molecular metabolism, analytics, and diagnostics; The field of lipidomics is providing nutritional science a more comprehensive view of lipid intermediates. Lipidomics research takes advantage of the increase in accuracy and sensitivity of mass detection of MS with new bioinformatics toolsets to characterize the structures and abundances of complex lipids. Yet, translating lipidomics to practice via nutritional interventions is still in its infancy. No single instrumentation platform is able to solve the varying analytical challenges of the different molecular lipid species. Biochemical pathways of lipid metabolism remain incomplete and the tools to map lipid compositional data to pathways are still being assembled. Biology itself is dauntingly complex and simply separating biological structures remains a key challenge to lipidomics. Nonetheless, the strategy of combining tandem analytical methods to perform the sensitive, high-throughput, quantitative, and comprehensive analysis of lipid metabolites of very large numbers of molecules is poised to drive the field forward rapidly. Among the next steps for nutrition to understand the changes in structures, compositions, and function of lipid biomolecules in response to diet is to describe their distribution within discrete functional compartments lipoproteins. Additionally, lipidomics must tackle the task of assigning the functions of lipids as signaling molecules, nutrient sensors, and intermediates of metabolic pathways. © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Metformin: An old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes; The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection. © 2013 Rojas and Gomes.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Emerging roles of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in the pituitary gland in female reproduction; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are ligand-activated nuclear receptors that mediate numerous crucial physiological processes, including glucose and lipid metabolism, energy homeostasis, inflammation, cell proliferation, and differentiation. Therefore, targeting of PPARs for metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, polycystic ovary syndrome, and cancer therapies is intensive. Over the last decade, studies on PPARs have shed light on their functional roles in the female reproductive system, including the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonad axis, placental development, and maternal-infant interactions. In this review we summarize PPAR genomic organization, molecular functions, and expression patterns, as well as insights from knockout mice and PPAR involvement in biological processes, with a focus on their novel role in the pituitary gland in female reproduction. © 2013.
Effects of Taurine Supplementation on Hepatic Markers of Inflammation and Lipid Metabolism in Mothers and Offspring in the Setting of Maternal Obesity; Maternal obesity is associated with obesity and metabolic disorders in offspring. However, intervention strategies to reverse or ameliorate the effects of maternal obesity on offspring health are limited. Following maternal undernutrition, taurine supplementation can improve outcomes in offspring, possibly via effects on glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion. The effects of taurine in mediating inflammatory processes as a protective mechanism has not been investigated. Further, the efficacy of taurine supplementation in the setting of maternal obesity is not known. Using a model of maternal obesity, we examined the effects of maternal taurine supplementation on outcomes related to inflammation and lipid metabolism in mothers and neonates. Time-mated Wistar rats were randomised to either: 1) control: control diet during pregnancy and lactation (CON); 2) CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CT); 3) maternal obesogenic diet (high fat, high fructose) during pregnancy and lactation (MO); or 4) MO supplemented with taurine (MOT). Maternal and neonatal weights, plasma cytokines and hepatic gene expression were analysed. A MO diet resulted in maternal hyperinsulinemia and hyperleptinemia and increased plasma glucose, glutamate and TNF-α concentrations. Taurine normalised maternal plasma TNF-α and glutamate concentrations in MOT animals. Both MO and MOT mothers displayed evidence of fatty liver accompanied by alterations in key markers of hepatic lipid metabolism. MO neonates displayed a pro-inflammatory hepatic profile which was partially rescued in MOT offspring. Conversely, a pro-inflammatory phenotype was observed in MOT mothers suggesting a possible maternal trade-off to protect the neonate. Despite protective effects of taurine in MOT offspring, neonatal mortality was increased in CT neonates, indicating possible adverse effects of taurine in the setting of normal pregnancy. These data suggest that maternal taurine supplementation may ameliorate the adverse effects observed in offspring following a maternal obesogenic diet but these effects are dependent upon prior maternal nutritional background. © 2013 Li et al.
Egg consumption in relation to risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The associations of egg consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes are still unclear. Objective: We aimed to quantitatively summarize the literature on egg consumption and risk of CVD, cardiac mortality, and type 2 diabetes by conducting a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies. Design: A systematic literature review was conducted for published studies in PubMed and EMBASE through March 2012. Additional information was retrieved through Google or a hand review of the reference from relevant articles. Studies were included if they had a prospective study design, were published in English-language journals, and provided HRs and 95% CIs for the associations of interest. Data were independently extracted by 2 investigators, and the weighted HRs and 95% CIs for the associations of interest were estimated by using a random-effects model. Results: A total of 22 independent cohorts from 16 studies were identified, including participants ranging in number from 1600 to 90,735 and in follow-up time from 5.8 to 20.0 y. Comparison of the highest category (≥1 egg/d) of egg consumption with the lowest (<1 egg/wk or never) resulted in a pooled HR (95% CI) of 0.96 (0.88, 1.05) for overall CVD, 0.97 (0.86, 1.09) for ischemic heart disease, 0.93 (0.81, 1.07) for stroke, 0.98 (0.77, 1.24) for ischemic heart disease mortality, 0.92 (0.56, 1.50) for stroke mortality, and 1.42 (1.09, 1.86) for type 2 diabetes. Of the studies conducted in diabetic patients, the pooled HR (95% CI) was 1.69 (1.09, 2.62) for overall CVD. Conclusions: This meta-analysis suggests that egg consumption is not associated with the risk of CVD and cardiac mortality in the general population. However, egg consumption may be associated with an increased incidence of type 2 diabetes among the general population and CVD comorbidity among diabetic patients. Copyright © 2013 American Society for Nutrition.
Combined dyslipidemia: Should the focus be LDL cholesterol or atherogenic dyslipidemia?; As the population becomes more obese and the prevalence of diabetes and the metabolic syndrome increases, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) may lose its value as a sole predictor for cardiovascular risk among lipids. Combined dyslipidemia is typically characterized by elevations in LDL-C and triglyceride levels, often accompanied by decreased high-density lipoproteincholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and increased levels of small, dense LDL. This common disorder results from overproduction of hepatically synthesized apolipoprotein B in very low-density lipoproteins. In the last few years most of the international scientific guidelines as well as several expert panels have confirmed that LDL-C represents the primary or even the only target of treatment. Yet, increasing evidence suggests moving away from a LDL-C target-based approach to a more tailored treatment approach. For example, non- HDL-C has been introduced in the last few years as a target of treatment. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Purinergic signalling and diabetes; The pancreas is an organ with a central role in nutrient breakdown, nutrient sensing and release of hormones regulating whole body nutrient homeostasis. In diabetes mellitus, the balance is broken-cells can be starving in the midst of plenty. There are indications that the incidence of diabetes type 1 and 2, and possibly pancreatogenic diabetes, is rising globally. Events leading to insulin secretion and action are complex, but there is emerging evidence that intracellular nucleotides and nucleotides are not only important as intracellular energy molecules but also as extracellular signalling molecules in purinergic signalling cascades. This signalling takes place at the level of the pancreas, where the close apposition of various cells-endocrine, exocrine, stromal and immune cells-contributes to the integrated function. Following an introduction to diabetes, the pancreas and purinergic signalling, we will focus on the role of purinergic signalling and its changes associated with diabetes in the pancreas and selected tissues/organ systems affected by hyperglycaemia and other stress molecules of diabetes. Since this is the first review of this kind, a comprehensive historical angle is taken, and common and divergent roles of receptors for nucleotides and nucleosides in different organ systems will be given. This integrated picture will aid our understanding of the challenges of the potential and currently used drugs targeted to specific organ/cells or disorders associated with diabetes. © 2013 The Author(s).
Maternal rat diabetes mellitus deleteriously affects insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in the offspring; This study was designed to assess the effect of maternal diabetes in rats on serum glucose and insulin concentrations, insulin resistance, histological architecture of pancreas and glycogen content in liver of offspring. The pregnant rat females were allocated into two main groups: normal control group and streptozotocin-induced diabetic group. After birth, the surviving offspring were subjected to biochemical and histological examination immediately after delivery and at the end of the 1st and 2nd postnatal weeks. In comparison with the offspring of normal control dams, the fasting serum glucose level of offspring of diabetic mothers was significantly increased at the end of the 1st and 2nd postnatal weeks. Serum insulin level of offspring of diabetic dams was significantly higher at birth and decreased significantly during the following 2 postnatal weeks, while in normal rat offspring, it was significantly increased with progress of time. HOMA Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) was significantly increased in the offspring of diabetic dams at birth and after 1 week than in normal rat offspring, while HOMA insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IS) was significantly decreased. HOMA beta-cell function was significantly decreased at all-time intervals in offspring of diabetic dams. At birth, islets of Langerhans as well as beta cells in offspring of diabetic dams were hypertrophied. The cells constituting islets seemed to have a high division rate. However, beta-cells were degenerated during the following 2 post-natal weeks and smaller insulin secreting cells predominated. Vacuolation and necrosis of the islets of Langerhans were also observed throughout the experimental period. The carbohydrate content in liver of offspring of diabetic dams was at all-time intervals lower than that in control. The granule distribution was more random. Overall, the preexisting maternal diabetes leads to glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and impaired insulin sensitivity and β-cell function in the offspring at different postnatal periods. © 2013 Abdel-Baset M. Aref et al.
Towards an integrative approach to understanding the role of chemerin in human health and disease; Chemerin is an adipocyte-secreted protein with autocrine/paracrine roles on adipose development and function as well as endocrine roles in metabolism and immunity. Following prochemerin secretion, protease-mediated generation of chemerin isoforms with a range of biological activities is a key regulatory mechanism controlling local, context-specific chemerin bioactivity. Together, experimental and clinical data indicate that localized and/or circulating chemerin expression and activation are elevated in numerous metabolic and inflammatory diseases including psoriasis, obesity, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. These elevations are positively correlated with deleterious changes in glucose, lipid, and cytokine homeostasis, and may serve as a link between obesity, inflammation and other metabolic disorders. This review highlights the current state of knowledge regarding chemerin expression, processing, biological function and relevance to human disease, particularly with respect to adipose tissue development, inflammation, glucose homeostasis and cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, it discusses study variability, deficiencies in current measurement, and questions concerning chemerin function in disease, with a special emphasis on techniques and tools used to properly assess chemerin biology. An integration of basic and clinical research is key to understanding how chemerin influences disease pathobiology, and whether modulation of chemerin levels and/or activity may serve as a potential method to prevent and treat metabolic diseases. © 2012 The Authors. obesity reviews © 2012 International Association for the Study of Obesity.
Is the adipose tissue a relevant target for obesity treatment?; Adipocyte and adipose tissue dysfunction (AT) may link some obesity phenotypes to increased risk of metabolic syndrome. AT dysfunction is characterized by increased lipid storage, hypoxia, impaired insulin sensitivity in adipocytes, secretion of proinflammatory cytokines, fibrosis, and changes in the cellular composition. When expansion of the AT reaches its maximum limit, fat accumulates in non-adipose tissues such as muscle and liver. This alteration in fatty acid trafficking, that is a consequence of AT dysfunction, is a key feature distinguishing metabolically healthy (MHO) from metabolically abnormal obese (MAO) patients. It results in lipotoxic insults including insulin resistance, inflammation, and apoptosis. We described an acquired partial lipodystrophy syndrome, which is closely linkedwith the severity of metabolic complications. This phenotype has been described also in MAO children and in the elderly population. Anti-obesity treatment strategies even with moderate reduction of fat mass may reverse unhealthy into healthy obesity: according to the AT expandability hypothesis, the weight loss program has to be tailored to an individual's threshold of metabolic complications. Remodeling of dysfunctional AT into a healthier tissue seems to be another promising new approach to treat MAO patients. Some drugs could have a direct effect on AT inflammation and cytokine secretion. © 2013 Springer-Verlag France. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity has little effect on the immediate offspring but impacts on the next generation; Maternal obesity during pregnancy has been linked to an increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease in the offspring, a phenomenon attributed to developmental programming. Programming effects may be transmissible across generations through both maternal and paternal inheritance, although the mechanisms remain unclear. Using a mouse model, we explored the effects of moderate maternal diet-induced obesity (DIO) on weight gain and glucose-insulin homeostasis in first-generation (F1) and second-generation offspring. DIO was associated with insulin resistance, hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia before pregnancy. Birth weight was reduced in female offspring of DIO mothers (by 6%, P = .039), and DIO offspring were heavier than controls at weaning (males by 47%, females by 27%), however there were no differences in glucose tolerance, plasma lipids, or hepatic gene expression at 6 months. Despite the relative lack of effects in the F1, we found clear fetal growth restriction and persistent metabolic changes in otherwise unmanipulated second-generation offspring with effects on birth weight, insulin levels, and hepatic gene expression that were transmitted through both maternal and paternallines. This suggests that the consequences of the current dietary obesity epidemic may also have an impact on the descendants of obese individuals, even when the phenotype of the F1 appears largely unaffected. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Effects of weight loss and exercise on apelin serum concentrations and adipose tissue expression in human obesity; Objective: Apelin is an adipokine which plays a role in the regulation of glucose homeostasis and may contribute to the link between increased adipose tissue mass and obesity related metabolic diseases. Here we investigate the role of omental and subcutaneous (SC) adipose tissue apelin and its receptor APJ mRNA expression in human obesity and test the hypothesis that changes in circulating apelin are associated with reduced fat mass in three weight loss intervention studies. Methods: Apelin serum concentration was measured in 740 individuals in a cross-sectional (n = 629) study including a subgroup (n = 161) for which omental and SC apelin mRNA expression has been analyzed and in three interventions: 12 weeks exercise (n = 60), 6 months calorie-restricted diet (n = 19), 12 months after bariatric surgery (n = 32). Results: Apelin mRNA is significantly higher expressed in adipose tissue of patients with type 2 diabetes and correlates with circulating apelin, BMI, body fat, C-reactive protein, and insulin sensitivity. Obesity surgery-induced weight loss causes a significant reduction in omental and SC apelin expression. All interventions led to significantly reduced apelin serum concentrations which significantly correlate with improved insulin sensitivity, independently of changes in BMI. Conclusions: Reduced apelin expression and serum concentration may contribute to improved insulin sensitivity beyond significant weight loss. © 2013 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg.
The future of thiazolidinedione therapy in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Since their approval, thiazolidinediones (TZDs) have been used extensively as insulin-sensitizers for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Activation of peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) nuclear receptors by TZDs leads to a vast spectrum of metabolic and antiinflammatory effects. In the past decade, clinicians and scientists across the fields of metabolism, diabetes, liver disease (NAFLD), atherosclerosis, inflammation, infertility, and even cancer have had high hopes about the potential for TZDs to treat many of these diseases. However, an increasing awareness about undesirable "off-target" effects of TZDs have made us rethink their role and be more cautious about the long-term benefits and risks related to their use. This review examines the most relevant work on the benefits and risks associated with TZD treatment, with a focus on the only PPARγ agonist currently available (pioglitazone), aiming to offer the reader a balanced overview about the current and future role of TZDs in the management of insulin-resistant states and T2DM. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Elevated Chemerin Levels in Pakistani Men: An Interrelation with Metabolic Syndrome Phenotypes; Chemerin is a novel protein linked to adipocyte differentiation and the development of metabolic imbalances. We sought to examine the relationship of chemerin with metabolic syndrome disturbances including body fat percentage, serum lipid, glucose, insulin levels and body fat percentage in lean and obese volunteers. A cross-sectional study of 90 randomly selected healthy males from Pakistan were divided into three groups as per Body Mass Index (BMI) criteria for South Asian Population. Anthropometric measurements were taken for BMI, waist circumference, hip circumference and body fat percentage, while serum analyses were performed for fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, fasting lipid profile and serum chemerin. Associations between serum chemerin levels and body fat and other metabolic syndrome parameters were performed using ANOVA and multiple regression analyses. Data was presented as Mean±SD. In all statistical analyses p-values <0.05 were considered significant. Circulating chemerin levels were significantly higher in obese subjects with BMI greater than 25 kg/m2 compared with those with a BMI below 25 kg/m2 (P = 0.001). Serum chemerin levels were found to be independently and significantly associated with serum levels of cholesterol (P = 0.0160; r = 0.255), fasting glucose (P = 0.002; r = 0.323), HOMA-IR (P = 0.004; r = 0.300) and hip circumference (P = 0.021; r = 0.246). This demonstrates that chemerin levels are associated with obesity and dyslipidemia and may play a role in the development of insulin resistance. This data suggests that chemerin may serve as an independent marker in diagnosing these conditions even before they become clinically symptomatic. © 2013 Fatima et al.
Metabolic and mitochondrial effects of antiretroviral drug exposure in pregnancy and postpartum: Implications for fetal and future health; Antiretroviral drugs (ARVs) are indispensable in the treatment and prevention of human immunodeficiency virus infection. Although their use before, during and after pregnancy is considered safe for mother and child, there are still lingering concerns about their long-term health consequences and the ramifications of their effects on lipid, glucose, intermediary and mitochondrial metabolism. This article reviews the known effects of ARVs on macromolecular and mitochondrial metabolism as well as the potential maternal, fetal, neonatal and adult health risks associated with abnormal energy metabolism during gestation. Recommendations about enhanced monitoring for these risks in affected populations are being provided. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Diagnosing Fatty Liver Disease: A Comparative Evaluation of Metabolic Markers, Phenotypes, Genotypes and Established Biomarkers; Background:To date, liver biopsy is the only means of reliable diagnosis for fatty liver disease (FLD). Owing to the inevitable biopsy-associated health risks, however, the development of valid noninvasive diagnostic tools for FLD is well warranted.Aim:We evaluated a particular metabolic profile with regard to its ability to diagnose FLD and compared its performance to that of established phenotypes, conventional biomarkers and disease-associated genotypes.Methods:The study population comprised 115 patients with ultrasound-diagnosed FLD and 115 sex- and age-matched controls for whom the serum concentration was measured of 138 different metabolites, including acylcarnitines, amino acids, biogenic amines, hexose, phosphatidylcholines (PCs), lyso-PCs and sphingomyelins. Established phenotypes, biomarkers, disease-associated genotypes and metabolite data were included in diagnostic models for FLD using logistic regression and partial least-squares discriminant analysis. The discriminative power of the ensuing models was compared with respect to area under curve (AUC), integrated discrimination improvement (IDI) and by way of cross-validation (CV).Results:Use of metabolic markers for predicting FLD showed the best performance among all considered types of markers, yielding an AUC of 0.8993. Additional information on phenotypes, conventional biomarkers or genotypes did not significantly improve this performance. Phospholipids and branched-chain amino acids were most informative for predicting FLD.Conclusion:We show that the inclusion of metabolite data may substantially increase the power to diagnose FLD over that of models based solely upon phenotypes and conventional biomarkers. © 2013 Siegert et al.
Osteocalcin, glucose metabolism, lipid profile and chronic low-grade inflammation in middle-aged and elderly Chinese; Diabet. Med. 30, 309-317 (2013) Aim To assess the relationship between serum total osteocalcin and measurements of adiposity, glucose tolerance, lipid profile, adipokine and chronic low-grade inflammation in middle-aged and elderly Chinese subjects. Methods We performed a cross-sectional community-based study in central Shanghai. Serum total osteocalcin was measured by radioimmunoassay in 783 men and 946 post-menopausal women. Their associations with measurements of adiposity, glucose tolerance, lipid profile and chronic low-grade inflammation were examined. Results Serum total osteocalcin levels revealed a sexual dimorphism, with post-menopausal women having significantly higher levels than men (P<0.001). Serum osteocalcin levels of participants with self-reported cardiovascular disease were significantly lower (P=0.044) than those without. In men, serum osteocalcin levels of participants with the metabolic syndrome were significantly lower than those without the metabolic syndrome (P=0.036). Serum osteocalcin correlated negatively with fasting serum insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, alanine aminotransferase, triglycerides and total cholesterol, and positively with homeostasis model assessment of β-cell function in both men and post-menopausal women (all P<0.05). In men, serum osteocalcin correlated negatively with BMI, diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and 2-h oral glucose tolerance test glucose after adjustment for age (all P<0.05). In post-menopausal women, serum osteocalcin correlated negatively with waist-hip ratio, LDL cholesterol and C-reactive protein, and positively with adiponectin (all P<0.05). Serum osteocalcin was not associated with CXC chemokine ligand5 level (P>0.05). Alanine aminotransferase was an independent predictor of serum osteocalcin in both men and post-menopausal women (both P<0.001). Adiponectin was an independent predictor of serum osteocalcin in post-menopausal women (P=0.011). Serum osteocalcin was an independent predictor of homeostasis model assessment of β-cell function in both genders (both P<0.05). Conclusions Serum total osteocalcin was closely associated with glucose and lipid metabolism in both Chinese men and post-menopausal women. © 2012 Diabetes UK.
The role of antioxidants and other agents in alleviating hyperglycemia mediated oxidative stress and injury in liver; Several antioxidants and agents having similar antioxidant effects are known to exert beneficial effects in ameliorating the injurious effects of hyperglycemia on liver in different diabetic in vitro and in vivo models. The review deals with some of the agents which have been shown to exert protective effects on liver against hyperglycemic insult and the various mechanisms involved. The different classes of agents which protect the diabetic liver or decrease the severity of hyperglycemia mediated injury include flavonoids, catechins, and other polyphenolic compounds, curcumin and its derivatives, certain vitamins, hormones and drugs, trace elements, prototypical antioxidants and amino acids. Some of the pronounced changes mediated by the antioxidants in liver exposed to hyperglycemia include decreased oxidative stress, and alterations in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. Other mechanisms through which the agents ameliorate hyperglycemia mediated liver injury include decrease in oxidative DNA and protein damage, restoration of mitochondrial structural and functional integrity, decrease in inflammation and improved insulin signaling. Thus, antioxidants may prove to be an important mode of defense in maintaining normal hepatic functions in diabetes. © 2013 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Maternal diet-induced obesity and offspring cardiovascular health; It is widely recognized that environmental insults during adulthood including smoking, lack of exercise and a poor diet increases an individual's risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, research initiated over the last two decades has highlighted that our risk of CVD can be programmed following adverse exposures during early development. Such adverse exposures may include, undernutrition, placental insufficiency, hypoxia, overnutrition and obesity. This review aims to address the current Western obesity crisis by addressing the long-term impact of maternal overnutrition and obesity on the offspring's future risk of CVD. Although current human studies have observed the presence of adverse CVD markers in children born to obese mothers, animal models have proved vital in understanding the underlying mechanisms involved. Mechanisms suggested to be involved in the programming of CVD in the offspring include increased oxidative stress, inflammation, lipotoxicity and epigenetics. CVD remains the greatest cause of death worldwide, therefore further understanding of the mechanisms mediating these effects is important in the development of intervention strategies. © 2013 Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
High fat diet induced insulin resistance and elevated retinol binding protein 4 in female rats; treatment and protection with Berberis vulgaris extract and vitamin A; This research was conducted to investigate two main aims; the first aim was to find if there is a relationship between insulin resistance (IR) and retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4). The second aim was to use berberis vulgaris extract and vitamin A as protective and/or curative agents against insulin resistance. IR was developed by feeding the female rats a high fat diet (HFD) for six weeks then treating or protecting them with b. vulgaris extract (0.2 g/Kg body weight) or vitamin A (12.8μg/Kg/day) for two weeks. Results: HFD intake elevated insulin level and RBP4 expression that associated with hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. Co-administration of vitamin A and B. vulgaris extracts reduced blood glucose level, insulin, body weight and RBP4 expression before, during and after HFD. Furthermore, vitamin A reduced the blood glucose, triglycerides (TG) and cholesterol levels. IR syndrome associated with the RBP 4 alteration that gives high indication about the role of RBP4 expression in the IR progression and development. Furthermore, the treatment with vitamin A and/or b. vulgaris alleviated the IR syndrome through the action on RBP4 and Insulin secretion. On the other hand, vitamin A must be avoided for the predisposed IR and prediabetic patients.
Metabolic syndrome in youth: Chimera or useful concept?; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of cardiometabolic risk factors associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of the MetS is not particularly high in the overall pediatric population (3 %-4 %) but it is as high as 30 %-50 % among overweight youth. Several definitions of the MetS have been used, thus, generating confusion and difficulties in defining the true prevalence of this syndrome. The recent definition of the International Diabetes Federation has tried to standardize the diagnostic criteria. However, there are still some concerns about use of cut-offs values and dichotomous variables, and some debate as to whether a continuous cardiometabolic risk score could be more appropriate for the pediatric population. Although there are some studies that have shown the association between childhood and adolescent MetS with long-term outcomes, further prospective studies are needed to clarify the true value of diagnosing MetS in youth. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Serum chemerin levels during normal human pregnancy; During gestation there are important changes in maternal metabolism and an increase in insulin resistance, coinciding with an increase in adiposity. Chemerin is an adipocytokine which is expressed and secreted in various tissues, including placenta, and may play an important role in metabolic regulation during pregnancy. The aim of this study was to determine serum levels of chemerin during gestation and compare them to other indicators of insulin resistance. A cross-sectional study was carried out analyzing serum chemerin levels of 20 pregnant women during three gestational periods, early, middle, and late (between the 10th and 14th, the 23rd and 26th, and the 34th and 37th week) and 20 non-pregnant women were used as a control group. An analysis of chemerin levels during the menstrual cycle was performed in an eumenorrheic group (n = 16) in the early follicular (cycle day 4 ± 1) and the midluteal phase (cycle day 22 ± 1), demonstrating that serum chemerin levels did not fluctuate significantly. Serum levels of chemerin were significantly elevated during late gestation when compared to early (P < 0.001) and middle (P = 0.001) gestation and a negative correlation between serum chemerin and adiponectin levels (r = -0.1643) became more significant when the non-pregnant group was included in the calculations (r = -0.2471). There was no significant association of triglycerides, total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, insulin, and HOMA levels with chemerin. Although chemerin rose significantly and is negatively associated with adiponectin levels, it is not correlated with other markers of insulin sensitivity, suggesting that more study is needed to determine whether chemerin is useful in predicting insulin resistance during gestation. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Mice Long-Term High-Fat Diet Feeding Recapitulates Human Cardiovascular Alterations: An Animal Model to Study the Early Phases of Diabetic Cardiomyopathy; Background/Aim: Hypercaloric diet ingestion and sedentary lifestyle result in obesity. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of clinical features secondary to obesity, considered as a pre-diabetic condition and recognized as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. To better understand the relationship between obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease as well as for the development of novel therapeutic strategies, animal models that reproduce the etiology, course and outcomes of these pathologies are required. The aim of this work was to characterize the long-term effects of high-fat diet-induced obesity on the mice cardiovascular system, in order to make available a new animal model for diabetic cardiomyopathy. Methods/Results: Male C57BL/6 mice were fed with a standardized high-fat diet (obese) or regular diet (normal) for 16 months. Metabolic syndrome was evaluated testing plasma glucose, triglycerides, cholesterol, insulin, and glucose tolerance. Arterial pressure was measured using a sphygmomanometer (non invasive method) and by hemodynamic parameters (invasive method). Cardiac anatomy was described based on echocardiography and histological studies. Cardiac function was assessed by cardiac catheterization under a stress test. Cardiac remodelling and metabolic biomarkers were assessed by RT-qPCR and immunoblotting. As of month eight, the obese mice were overweight, hyperglycaemic, insulin resistant, hyperinsulinemic and hypercholesterolemic. At month 16, they also presented normal arterial pressure but altered vascular reactivity (vasoconstriction), and cardiac contractility reserve reduction, heart mass increase, cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, cardiac fibrosis, and heart metabolic compensations. By contrast, the normal mice remained healthy throughout the study. Conclusions: Mice fed with a high-fat diet for prolonged time recapitulates the etiology, course and outcomes of the early phases of human diabetic cardiomyopathy. © 2013 Calligaris et al.
NMR-based metabolomics in human disease diagnosis: Applications, limitations, and recommendations; Metabolomics is a dynamic and emerging research field, similar to proteomics, transcriptomics and genomics in affording global understanding of biological systems. It is particularly useful in functional genomic studies in which metabolism is thought to be perturbed. Metabolomics provides a snapshot of the metabolic dynamics that reflect the response of living systems to both pathophysiological stimuli and/or genetic modification. Because this approach makes possible the examination of interactions between an organism and its diet or environment, it is particularly useful for identifying biomarkers of disease processes that involve the environment. For example, the interaction of a high fat diet with cardiovascular disease can be studied via such a metabolomics approach by modeling the interaction between genes and diet. The high reproducibility of NMR-based techniques gives this method a number of advantages over other analytical techniques in large-scale and long-term metabolomic studies, such as epidemiological studies. This approach has been used to study a wide range of diseases, through the examination of biofluids, including blood plasma/serum, urine, blister fluid, saliva and semen, as well as tissue extracts and intact tissue biopsies. However, complicating the use of NMR spectroscopy in biomarker discovery is the fact that numerous variables can effect metabolic composition including, fasting, stress, drug administration, diet, gender, age, physical activity, life style and the subject's health condition. To minimize the influence of these variations in the datasets, all experimental conditions including sample collection, storage, preparation as well as NMR spectroscopic parameters and data analysis should be optimized carefully and conducted in an identical manner as described by the local standard operating protocol. This review highlights the potential applications of NMR-based metabolomics studies and gives some recommendations to improve sample collection, sample preparation and data analysis in using this approach. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Serum uric acid and metabolic risk; Objectives: This review presents the information available on the role of uric acid (UA) on metabolic risk and on the link between hyperuricemia and metabolic syndrome. Methods: Key papers for inclusion were identified by a PubMed search and articles were selected according to their relevance for the topic, according to the authors' judgment. Results and conclusions: An elevated UA is both strongly associated and predictive of the metabolic syndrome, and increasing evidence suggests that UA may have a causal role. The classical viewpoint that UA is simply an innocuous marker of metabolic syndrome that should not even be measured will likely have to be modified. Lowering UA may be a novel treatment target for preventing diabetes and justify prospective clinical trials on the possible benefits of the measurement and lowering of serum UA on multiple chronic disease end points. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd.
Insulin resistance as estimated by the homeostatic method at diagnosis of gestational diabetes: Estimation of disease severity and therapeutic needs in a population-based study; Background: Chronic insulin resistance, exacerbated in the course of pregnancy, is an important pathophysiologic mechanism of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We hypothesise that the degree of insulin resistance, assessed at diagnosis of GDM, is a parameter of its pathophysiologic heterogeneity and/or severity. Thus, it offers potential to open new avenues for the personalization of therapy in affected women.Methods: 1254 Polish Caucasian women with GDM were recruited into the study. The following parameters were assessed in the course of the study: body mass index (BMI), parity, weight gain during pregnancy, glycated haemoglobin, glucose level during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), insulin, insulin resistance and insulin secretion. The severity of GDM was assessed based on insulin use and daily insulin dose during gestation. In order to evaluate insulin secretion and insulin resistance the homeostatic method was used (HOMA-B and HOMA-IR, respectively). We compared all the metabolic parameters and methods of treatment of GDM in women subdivided by quartiles of insulin resistance.Results: The HOMA-IR in the whole population ranged from 0.34 to 20.39. The BMI, fasting insulin, fasting glucose and insulin dose per day increased along with increasing quartiles (HOMA-IR > 1.29). We observed a decrease of HOMA-B in the third quartile (1.92-2.89) compared with the first quartile (0.34-1.29). Insulin treatment was associated with HOMA-IR (<1.29 vs. >2.89), OR: 3.37, fasting glucose (≤6.11 vs. >6.11 mmol/dl), OR: 2.61, age (≤30 vs. >30 y. o.), OR: 1.54, and BMI (<25 vs. ≥25 kg/m2), OR: 1.45. Maximum insulin dose was associated with HOMA-IR, OR: 2.00, after adjustment for family history of diabetes, and 2-h OGTT glucose.Conclusion: Insulin resistance assessed by the HOMA index at diagnosis is associated with the severity and pathophysiological heterogeneity of GDM. A HOMA-IR >1.29 points to the major role of insulin resistance, indicating the need for a treatment aimed at improving tissue sensitivity to insulin. A HOMA-IR 1.29-2.89 suggests reduced insulin secretion, which is an indication for the introduction of insulin therapy. A HOMA-IR >2.89 indicates insufficient compensation for insulin resistance, which suggests the need for a treatment aimed at improving susceptibility of tissues to insulin combined with insulin therapy. © 2013 Sokup et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Intrauterine effects of impaired lipid homeostasis in pregnancy diseases; Lipids are crucial structural and bioactive components that sustain embryo, fetal and placental development and growth. Intrauterine development can be disturbed by several diseases that impair maternal lipid homeostasis and lead to abnormal lipid concentrations in the fetal circulation. Deficiency in essential fatty acids can lead to congenital malformations and visual and cognitive problems in the newborn. Either deficient mother-to-fetus lipid transfer or abnormal maternal- fetal lipid metabolism can cause fetal growth restriction. On the other hand, excessive mother-to-fetus fatty acid transfer can induce fetal overgrowth and lipid overacummulation in different fetal organs and tissues. The placenta plays a fundamental role in the transfer of lipid moieties to the fetal compartment and is affected by maternal diseases associated with impaired lipid homeostasis. Postnatal consequences may be evident in the neonatal period or later in life. Indeed, both defects and excess of different lipid species can lead to the intrauterine programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. This review summarizes the lipid impairments induced by different pathologies, including placental insufficiency, malnutrition, obesity and diabetes, and their consequent developmental defects. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
A review of contemporary modalities for identifying abnormal fetal growth; Detecting aberrant fetal growth has long been an important goal of modern obstetrics. Failure to diagnose abnormal fetal growth results in perinatal morbidity or mortality. However, the erroneous diagnosis of abnormal growth may lead to increased maternal anxiety and unnecessary obstetric interventions. We review the aetiology of deviant fetal growth and its implications both for the neonatal period and later in adult life. We examine maternal factors that may influence fetal growth such as obesity, glycaemic control and body composition. We discuss novel ways to improve our detection of abnormal fetal growth with a view to optimising antenatal care and clinical outcomes. These include using customised centiles or individualised growth assessment methods to improve accuracy. The role of fetal subcutaneous measurements as a surrogate marker of the nutritional status of the baby is also discussed. Finally, we investigate the role of Doppler measurements in identifying growth-restricted babies. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Iron and diabetes risk; Iron overload is a risk factor for diabetes. The link between iron and diabetes was first recognized in pathologic conditions - hereditary hemochromatosis and thalassemia - but high levels of dietary iron also impart diabetes risk. Iron plays a direct and causal role in diabetes pathogenesis mediated both by β cell failure and insulin resistance. Iron also regulates metabolism in most tissues involved in fuel homeostasis, with the adipocyte in particular serving an iron-sensing role. The underlying molecular mechanisms mediating these effects are numerous and incompletely understood but include oxidant stress and modulation of adipokines and intracellular signal transduction pathways. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Association of adiponectin (AdipoQ) and sulphonylurea receptor (ABCC8) gene polymorphisms with Type 2 Diabetes in North Indian population of Punjab; In Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), adiponectin (AdipoQ) and sulphonylurea receptor genes (ABCC8) are important targets for candidate gene association studies. The single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in these genes have been associated with features of the metabolic syndrome across various populations. The present case-control study undertaken in the population of Punjab, evaluates the association of +. 45T>G polymorphism in AdipoQ gene; and Exon16-3C>T as well as Exon18C>T polymorphisms in ABCC8 gene with T2D. These SNPs were genotyped in 200 T2D cases and 200 non-diabetic healthy controls using the PCR-RFLP method. The frequency of the minor G-allele for AdipoQ+. 45(T>G) polymorphism was significantly higher in T2D cases (29.0%) than in controls (21.5%) [P = 0.02, OR = 1.49 (1.07-2.04)]. The genetic model analysis revealed that the G-allele cumulatively provides nearly 1.59-1.78 fold increased risk to T2D under the additive (P = 0.009; OR = 1.59, 1.12-2.25 at 95% CI), dominant (TG/GG vs. TT) (P = 0.034, OR = 1.64, 1.04-2.56 at 95% CI) and codominant model (TG vs. TT/GG) (P = 0.014; OR = 1.78, 1.12-2.82 at 95% CI) after adjusting for confounding factors. However, no difference in the distribution of genotype and allele frequencies was observed for both the ABCC8 polymorphisms. The distribution of obesity profiles (BMI, WC and WHR) was also significantly different between cases and controls (P < 0.05). Higher BMI and central obesity were observed to increase the risk of T2D. G-allele of +. 45(T>G) polymorphism in the adiponectin gene appears to be associated with increased risk of T2D, but the polymorphisms in sulphonylurea receptor gene do not seem to be associated with T2D in the population of Punjab. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Allosteric modulation of zinc speciation by fatty acids; Background Serum albumin is the major protein component of blood plasma and is responsible for the circulatory transport of a range of small molecules that include fatty acids, hormones, metal ions and drugs. Studies examining the ligand-binding properties of albumin make up a large proportion of the literature. However, many of these studies do not address the fact that albumin carries multiple ligands (including metal ions) simultaneously in vivo. Thus the binding of a particular ligand may influence both the affinity and dynamics of albumin interactions with another. Scope of review Here we review the Zn 2 + and fatty acid transport properties of albumin and highlight an important interplay that exists between them. Also the impact of this dynamic interaction upon the distribution of plasma Zn2 +, its effect upon cellular Zn2 + uptake and its importance in the diagnosis of myocardial ischemia are considered. Major conclusions We previously identified the major binding site for Zn2 + on albumin. Furthermore, we revealed that Zn2 +-binding at this site and fatty acid-binding at the FA2 site are interdependent. This suggests that the binding of fatty acids to albumin may serve as an allosteric switch to modulate Zn2 +-binding to albumin in blood plasma. General significance Fatty acid levels in the blood are dynamic and chronic elevation of plasma fatty acid levels is associated with some metabolic disorders such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Since the binding of Zn2 + to albumin is important for the control of circulatory/cellular Zn2 + dynamics, this relationship is likely to have important physiological and pathological implications. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Serum Albumin. © 2013 The Authors.
Chemerin and Vaspin: Possible Targets to Treat Obesity?; Obesity is one of the main human epidemics today. The increase in fat accumulation, which is associated with obesity, may significantly change the expression of several bioactive molecules known as adipokines. These adipokines interact not only with adipose tissue, but also with metabolically relevant organs such as liver and muscle. Understanding the molecular basics of potential novel targets might help to improve the therapeutic treatment of people who suffer from obesity. Herein we summarize the state of the art of two novel adipokines and their impaired or protective action in obesity: chemerin and vaspin. Their expression patterns, signal transduction activity, and resulting functions within the human body are introduced. We also discuss various possibilities to target these adipokines, which may represent promising new targets for the treatment of obesity by small and synthetic compounds. © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 serum concentrations are associated with metabolic and hepatic markers in humans; Rather than a traditional growth factor, fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) is considered to be a metabolic hormone. In the current study, we investigated serum FGF21 levels in the selfcontained population of Sorbs. Serum FGF21 concentrations were quantified by ELISA and correlated with IGF1 as well as metabolic, renal, hepatic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular parameters in 913 Sorbs from Germany. Moreover, human IGF1 protein secretion was investigated in FGF21-stimulated HepG2 cells. Median FGF21 serum concentrations were 2.1-fold higher in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (141.8ng/l) compared with controls (66.7ng/l). Furthermore, nondiabetic subjects with FGF21 levels below the detection limit of the ELISA showed a more beneficial metabolic profile compared with subjects with measurable FGF21. Moreover, FGF21 was significantly lower in female compared with male subjects after adjustment for age and BMI. In multiple regression analyses, circulating FGF21 concentrations remained independently and positively associated with gender, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, and g glutamyl transferase whereas a negative association was observed with IGF1 in nondiabetic subjects. Notably, FGF21 significantly inhibited IGF1 secretion into HepG2 cell culture supernatants in preliminary in vitro experiments. FGF21 serum concentrations are associated with facets of the metabolic syndrome, hepatocellular function, as well as GH status. © 2013 Society for Endocrinology.
Obesity and gastrointestinal diseases; The prevalence of obesity in the Japanese population has been increasing dramatically in step with the Westernization of lifestyles and food ways. Our study demonstrated significant associations between obesity and a number of gastrointestinal disorders in a large sample population in Japan. We demonstrated that reflux esophagitis and hiatal hernia were strongly related to obesity (BMI > 25) in the Japanese. In particular, obesity with young male was a high risk for these diseases. On the other hand, it has been reported that obesity is also associated with Barrett's esophagus and colorectal adenoma; however, obesity was not a risk factor for these diseases in our study. The difference of ethnicity of our subjects may partly explain why we found no data to implicate obesity as a risk factor for Barrett's esophagus. Arterial sclerosis associated with advanced age and hyperglycemia was accompanied by an increased risk of colorectal adenoma. © 2013 Ai Fujimoto et al.
Omega-3 fatty acids: Role in metabolism and cardiovascular disease; The inverse association of cardiovascular risk with intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was suspected early in populations that are known to have a high consumption of fish and fish oil. Subsequent cohort studies confirmed such associations in other populations. Further evidence of possible beneficial effects on metabolism and cardiovascular health was provided by many studies that were able to show specific mechanisms that may underlie these observations. These include improvement of the function of tissues involved in the alterations occurring during the development of obesity and the metabolic syndrome, as adipose tissue, the liver and skeletal muscle. Direct action on the cardiovascular system was not only shown regarding vascular function and the formation of atherosclerotic plaques, but also by providing antiarrhythmic effects on the heart. Data on these effects come from in vitro as well as in vivo studies that were conducted in animal models of disease, in healthy humans and in humans suffering from cardiovascular disease. To define prophylactic as well as treatment options in primary and secondary prevention, large clinical trial assessed the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on end points as cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. However, so far these trials provided ambiguous data that do allow recommendations regarding the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in higher dosages and beyond the dietary advice of regular fish intake only in few clinical situations, such as severe hypertriglyceridemia. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Maternal Obesity during the Preconception and Early Life Periods Alters Pancreatic Development in Early and Adult Life in Male Mouse Offspring; Maternal obesity induced by a high fat (HF) diet may program susceptibility in offspring, altering pancreatic development and causing later development of chronic degenerative diseases, such as obesity and diabetes. Female mice were fed standard chow (SC) or an HF diet for 8 weeks prior to mating and during the gestational and lactational periods. The male offspring were assessed at birth, at 10 days, and at 3 months of age. The body mass (BM) gain was 50% greater before pregnancy and 80% greater during pregnancy in HF dams than SC dams. Dams fed an HF diet showed higher oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), blood pressure, serum corticosterone, and insulin levels than dams fed SC. At 10 days of age and at 3 mo old the HF offspring showed greater BM and higher blood glucose levels than the SC offspring. The mean diameter of the islets had increased by 37% in the SC offspring and by 155% in the HF offspring at 10 days of age. The islet mass ratio (IM/PM) was 88% greater in the HF offspring at 10 days of age, and 107% greater at 3 mo of age, compared to the values obtained at birth. The HF offspring had a beta cell mass (BCM)/PM ratio 54% lower than SC offspring at birth. However, HF offspring displayed a 146% increase in the BCM/PM ratio at 10 days of age, and 112% increase at 3 months of age than values at birth. A 3 mo of age, the HF offspring showed a greater OGTT and higher levels of than SC offspring. In conclusion, a maternal HF diet consumed during the preconceptional period and throughout the gestational and lactational periods in mice results in dramatic alterations in the pancreata of the offspring. © 2013 Bringhenti et al.
Additive relationship between serum fibroblast growth factor 21 level and coronary artery disease; Background: Expression and activity of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21 hormone-like protein are associated with development of several metabolic disorders. This study was designed to investigate whether serum FGF21 level was also associated with the metabolic syndrome-related cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis, and its clinical features in a Chinese cohort. Methods: Two-hundred-and-fifty-three subjects visiting the Cardiology Department (Sixth People's Hospital affiliated to Shanghai JiaoTong University) were examined by coronary arteriography (to diagnose coronary artery disease (CAD)) and hepatic ultrasonography (to diagnose non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)). Serum FGF21 level was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and analyzed for correlation to subject and clinical characteristics. The independent factors of CAD were determined by multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results: Subjects with NAFLD showed significantly higher serum FGF21 than those without NAFLD (388.0 pg/mL (253.0-655.4) vs. 273.3 pg/mL (164.9-383.7), P < 0.01). Subjects with CAD showed significantly higher serum FGF21, regardless of NAFLD diagnosis (P < 0.05). Serum FGF21 level significantly elevated with the increasing number of metabolic disorders (P for trend < 0.01). After adjustment of age, sex, and BMI, FGF21 was positively correlated with total cholesterol (P < 0.05) and triglyceride (P < 0.01). FGF21 was identified as an independent factor of CAD (odds ratio = 2.984, 95% confidence interval: 1.014-8.786, P < 0.05).Conclusions: Increased level of serum FGF21 is associated with NAFLD, metabolic disorders and CAD. © 2013 Shen et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Mitochondrial plasticity in obesity and diabetes mellitus; Significance: Insulin resistance and its related diseases, obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), have been linked to changes in aerobic metabolism, pointing to a possible role of mitochondria in the development of insulin resistance. Recent Advances: Refined methodology of ex vivo high-resolution respirometry and in vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy now allows describing several features of mitochondria in humans. In addition to measuring mitochondrial function at baseline and after exercise-induced submaximal energy depletion, the response of mitochondria to endocrine and metabolic challenges, termed mitochondrial plasticity, can be assessed using hyperinsulinemic clamp tests. While insulin resistant states do not uniformly relate to baseline and post-exercise mitochondrial function, mitochondrial plasticity is typically impaired in insulin resistant relatives of T2DM, in overt T2DM and even in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Critical Issues: The variability of baseline mitochondrial function in the main target tissue of insulin action, skeletal muscle and liver, may be attributed to inherited and acquired changes in either mitochondrial quantity or quality. In addition to certain gene polymorphisms and aging, circulating glucose and lipid concentrations correlate with both mitochondrial function and plasticity. Future Directions: Despite the associations between features of mitochondrial function and insulin sensitivity, the question of a causal relationship between compromised mitochondrial plasticity and insulin resistance in the development of obesity and T2DM remains to be resolved. Antioxid. Redox Signal. 19, 258-268. © 2013, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Insulin resistance in dairy cows; Glucose is the molecule that drives milk production, and insulin plays a pivotal role in the glucose metabolism of dairy cows. The effect of insulin on the glucose metabolism is regulated by the secretion of insulin by the pancreas and the insulin sensitivity of the skeletal muscles, the adipose tissue, and the liver. Insulin resistance may develop as part of physiologic (pregnancy and lactation) and pathologic processes, which may manifest as decreased insulin sensitivity or decreased insulin responsiveness. A good knowledge of the normal physiology of insulin is needed to measure the invivo insulin resistance of dairy cows. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Etiology of insulin resistance in youth with type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), historically an adult disease, is now increasingly prevalent in obese youth. Poor diet and increased sedentary behavior contribute to the increasing rates of obesity in youth, yet not all obese children develop T2DM. In general, T2DM is characterized by both insulin resistance (IR) and pancreatic beta-cell insufficiency. In children, IR is related to elevated body mass index (BMI) and pubertal hormones, along with abnormal fat partitioning, elevated free fatty acids, inflammation, and/or mitochondrial dysfunction. Hyperglycemia and T2DM develop when the pancreas cannot match the increased insulin demands resulting from IR. Unique to youth, IR varies with stage of pubertal development, and some children may have resolution of hyperglycemia post-puberty once the IR of puberty resolves. Further understanding of IR, the progression to T2DM in youth, and later outcomes as adults will help direct future therapies and interventions for youth at risk. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Gestational diabetes insipidus during a twin pregnancy; Gestational diabetes insipidus is an uncommon clinical disease whose prevalence is approximately two to three pregnancies per 100,000. It may be isolated or associated with preeclampsia. We report a case of gestational diabetes insipidus in a twin pregnancy, originally isolated during two months, and secondarily complicated by HELLP-syndrome. We recall the specific pathophysiology of polyuric-polydipsic syndrome during pregnancy and summarize its various causes. Finally, we discuss the indications, in case of isolated gestational diabetes insipidus, of treatment by dDAVP. © 2013 .
Metabolic complications of obesity; Obesity is a risk factor for several metabolic complications, with insulin resistance being the common denominator in these conditions. Impaired blood glucose regulation is one of the most important of these complications, and includes type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), prediabetes, and gestational diabetes. Metabolic syndrome describes a constellation of features including insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and abdominal obesity. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a condition characterized by ovulatory dysfunction and clinical evidence of hyperandrogenism. As many of these complications can go unnoticed for years without overt clinical complications, awareness of both patients and health care professionals is essential such that appropriate screening and diagnostic strategies can be undertaken. Aggressive management strategies of diabetic and prediabetic states are essential for prevention of complications over time. Strategies for identification of vascular risk factors must be implemented such that appropriate risk reduction strategies can be undertaken to minimize the risk of development of cardiovascular complications. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Leptin's role in lipodystrophic and nonlipodystrophic insulin-resistant and diabetic individuals; Leptin is an adipocyte-secreted hormone that has been proposed to regulate energy homeostasis as well as metabolic, reproductive,neuroendocrine,andimmunefunctions. Inthecontextofopen-labeluncontrolledstudies, leptin administration has demonstrated insulin-sensitizing effects in patients with congenital lipodystrophy associated with relative leptin deficiency. Leptin administration has also been shown to decrease central fat mass and improve insulin sensitivity and fasting insulin and glucose levels in HIV-infected patients with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART)-induced lipodystrophy, insulin resistance, and leptin deficiency. On the contrary, the effects of leptin treatment in leptin-replete or hyperleptinemic obese individuals with glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus have been minimal or null, presumably due to leptin tolerance or resistance that impairs leptin action. Similarly, experimental evidence suggests a null or a possibly adverse role of leptin treatment in nonlipodystrophic patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In this review, we present a description of leptin biology and signaling; we summarize leptin's contribution to glucose metabolism in animals and humans in vitro, ex vivo, and in vivo; and we provide insights into the emerging clinical applications and therapeutic uses of leptin in humans with lipodystrophy and/or diabetes. © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Artemisia scoparia extract attenuates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in diet-induced obesity mice by enhancing hepatic insulin and AMPK signaling independently of FGF21 pathway; Objective Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a common liver disease which has no standard treatment. In this regard, we sought to evaluate the effects of extracts of Artemisia santolinaefolia (SANT) and Artemisia scoparia (SCO) on hepatic lipid deposition and cellular signaling in a diet-induced obesity (DIO) animal model. Materials/Methods DIO C57/B6J mice were randomly divided into three groups, i.e. HFD, SANT and SCO. Both extracts were incorporated into HFD at a concentration of 0.5% (w/w). Fasting plasma glucose, insulin, adiponectin, and FGF21 concentrations were measured. Results At the end of the 4-week intervention, liver tissues were collected for analysis of insulin, AMPK, and FGF21 signaling. SANT and SCO supplementation significantly increased plasma adiponectin levels when compared with the HFD mice (P < 0.001). Fasting insulin levels were significantly lower in the SCO than HFD mice, but not in SANT group. Hepatic H&E staining showed fewer lipid droplets in the SCO group than in the other two groups. Cellular signaling data demonstrated that SCO significantly increased liver IRS-2 content, phosphorylation of IRS-1, IR β, Akt1 and Akt2, AMPK α1 and AMPK activity and significantly reduced PTP 1B abundance when compared with the HFD group. SCO also significantly decreased fatty acid synthase (FAS), HMG-CoA Reductase (HMGR), and Sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1c (SREBP1c), but not Carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT-1) when compared with HFD group. Neither SANT nor SCO significantly altered plasma FGF21 concentrations and liver FGF21 signaling. Conclusion This study suggests that SCO may attenuate liver lipid accumulation in DIO mice. Contributing mechanisms were postulated to include promotion of adiponectin expression, inhibition of hepatic lipogenesis, and/or enhanced insulin and AMPK signaling independent of FGF21 pathway. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Upregulation of miR-15b in NAFLD models and in the serum of patients with fatty liver disease; Aim: In the present study, we examined the expression and function of miR-15b in a rat model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and we determined whether the presence of miR-15b in serum can be used as a biomarker for this disease. Methods: We measured the expression of miR-15b in both the high-fat-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) SD rat model and in the palmitate-induced NAFLD L02 cell model. Following transfection of miR-15b into QSG7701 cells, cell proliferation, glucose consumption and intracellular triglyceride levels were measured. We also measured the levels of miR-15b in the serum of fatty liver disease patients using real-time PCR. Results: We found that miR-15b was upregulated in the livers of NAFLD SD rats as well as in NAFLD L02 cells. Increased miR-15b levels could cause decreased cell proliferation and glucose consumption as well as induce the storage of intracellular triglyceride in QSG7701 cells. The expression of miR-15b was also significantly elevated in the serum of fatty liver disease patients compared with healthy subjects. Conclusions: Increased miR-15b expression in NAFLD models may lead to decreased cell proliferation and glucose consumption while inducing the storage of intracellular triglyceride, which are all hazards of NAFLD. Therefore, increased serum miR-15b level is a potentially biomarker for the diagnosis of fatty liver disease. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
CD36 is important for adipocyte recruitment and affects lipolysis; Objective: The scavenger receptor CD36 facilitates the cellular uptake of long-chain fatty acids. As CD36-deficiency attenuates the development of high fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity, the role of CD36-deficiency in preadipocyte recruitment and adipocyte function was set out to characterize. Design and Methods: Fat cell size and number were determined in gonadal, visceral, and subcutaneous adipose tissue of CD36-/- and WT mice after 6 weeks on HFD. Basal lipolysis and insulin-inhibited lipolysis were investigated in gonadal adipose tissue. Results: CD36-/- mice showed a reduction in adipocyte size in all fat pads. Gonadal adipose tissue also showed a lower total number of adipocytes because of a lower number of very small adipocytes (diameter <50 μm). This was accompanied by an increased pool of preadipocytes, which suggests that CD36-deficiency reduces the capacity of preadipocytes to become adipocytes. Regarding lipolysis, in adipose tissue from CD36-/- mice, cAMP levels were increased and both basal and 8-bromo-cAMP stimulated lipolysis were higher. However, insulin-mediated inhibition of lipolysis was more potent in CD36-/- mice. Conclusions: These results indicate that during fat depot expansion, CD36-deficiency negatively affects preadipocyte recruitment and that in mature adipocytes, CD36-deficiency is associated with increased basal lipolysis and insulin responsiveness. Copyright © 2013 The Obesity Society.
Adipo-Myokines: Two sides of the same coin - Mediators of inflammation and mediators of exercise; This review summarizes the current literature regarding the most discussed contraction-regulated moykines like IL-6, IL-15, irisin, BDNF, ANGPTL4, FGF21, myonectin and MCP-1. It is suggested that the term myokine is restricted to proteins secreted from skeletal muscle cells, excluding proteins that are secreted by other cell types in skeletal muscle tissue and excluding proteins which are only described on the mRNA level. Interestingly, many of the contraction-regulated myokines described in the literature are additionally known to be secreted by adipocytes. We termed these proteins adipo-myokines. Within this review, we try to elaborate on the question why pro-inflammatory adipokines on the one hand are upregulated in the obese state, and have beneficial effects after exercise on the other hand. Both, adipokines and myokines do have autocrine effects within their corresponding tissues. In addition, they are involved in an endocrine crosstalk with other tissues. Depending on the extent and the kinetics of adipo-myokines in serum, these molecules seem to have a beneficial or an adverse effect on the target tissue. © 2013 Silja Raschke and Jürgen Eckel.
Dietary Alleviation of Maternal Obesity and Diabetes: Increased Resistance to Diet-Induced Obesity Transcriptional and Epigenetic Signatures; According to the developmental origins of health and diseases (DOHaD), and in line with the findings of many studies, obesity during pregnancy is clearly a threat to the health and well-being of the offspring, later in adulthood. We previously showed that 20% of male and female inbred mice can cope with the obesogenic effects of a high-fat diet (HFD) for 20 weeks after weaning, remaining lean. However the feeding of a control diet (CD) to DIO mice during the periconceptional/gestation/lactation period led to a pronounced sex-specific shift (17% to 43%) from susceptibility to resistance to HFD, in the female offspring only. Our aim in this study was to determine how, in the context of maternal obesity and T2D, a CD could increase resistance on female fetuses. Transcriptional analyses were carried out with a custom-built mouse liver microarray and by quantitative RT-PCR for muscle and adipose tissue. Both global DNA methylation and levels of pertinent histone marks were assessed by LUMA and western blotting, and the expression of 15 relevant genes encoding chromatin-modifying enzymes was analyzed in tissues presenting global epigenetic changes. Resistance was associated with an enhancement of hepatic pathways protecting against steatosis, the unexpected upregulation of neurotransmission-related genes and the modulation of a vast imprinted gene network. Adipose tissue displayed a pronounced dysregulation of gene expression, with an upregulation of genes involved in lipid storage and adipocyte hypertrophy or hyperplasia in obese mice born to lean and obese mothers, respectively. Global DNA methylation, several histone marks and key epigenetic regulators were also altered. Whether they were themselves lean (resistant) or obese (sensitive), the offspring of lean and obese mice clearly differed in terms of several metabolic features and epigenetic marks suggesting that the effects of a HFD depend on the leanness or obesity of the mother. © 2013 Attig et al.
Melatonin and omentin: Influence factors in the obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome?; The incidence of the obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS) is rising as it is often associated with obesity. Actually, the adipose tissue is working as an endocrine organ with complex interactions. Recently, many adipokines such as omentin-1 were discovered. The role of omentin-1 in the pathogenesis of OSAS has not been clearly determined. Melatonin has a known influence on the sleep and wake rhythm. The data on the involvement of melatonin in OSAS are rare. Therefore we evaluated the changes in plasma levels of omentin-1 and melatonin before and after continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy in OSA patients. 10 patients with newly diagnosed OSAS were included in the study. They underwent diagnostic polysomnography with blood drawings in a 2 hour interval for 24 hours. In the second night sufficient CPAP therapy was established. After three months of CPAP therapy the measurements were repeated. As controls 10 healthy volunteers were recruited. The same blood analysis and a polygraphic measurement were made and compared with the patients. OSA patients showed significantly higher omentin-1 plasma levels (17.22±13.94 versus 9.24±4.85 ng/ml, p<0.05). After three months of therapy the plasma levels of omentin-1 decreased toward the values observed in the controls at 8.00 a.m. Melatonin showed the usual peak at 2.00 a.m. in the volunteer group. OSA patients showed a later peak of melatonin at 6.00 a.m. which returned to 2.00 a.m. after CPAP therapy. We conclude that omentin as well as melatonin seem to be involved in pathogenesis of OSAS. To what exent, further studies will have to face that question.
The rotterdam study: 2014 objectives and design update; The Rotterdam Study is a prospective cohort study ongoing since 1990 in the city of Rotterdam in The Netherlands. The study targets cardiovascular, endocrine, hepatic, neurological, ophthalmic, psychiatric, dermatological, oncological, and respiratory diseases. As of 2008, 14,926 subjects aged 45 years or over comprise the Rotterdam Study cohort. The findings of the Rotterdam Study have been presented in over a 1,000 research articles and reports (see www.erasmus-epidemiology.nl/rotterdamstudy). This article gives the rationale of the study and its design. It also presents a summary of the major findings and an update of the objectives and methods. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Hyperglycemia induces altered expressions of angiogenesis associated molecules in the trophoblast; We previously reported that the increased level of perlecan with altered glycosaminoglycan (GAG) substitution was present in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in the trophoblasts cultured under hyperglycemic condition. Trophoblast is the first cell lineage to differentiate, invasive, and migrate into the vessel tissues of placenta and fetal membrane during pregnancy. Therefore, active matrix remodeling and vessel formation must occur during placentation. In this study, we further investigated whether hyperglycemia-induced alterations of perlecan in the extracellular matrix (ECM) affect the proliferation and the expressions of angiogenesis-related growth factors and cytokines in the trophoblasts. 3A-Sub-E trophoblastic cells cultured in high glucose medium were conducted to mimic the hyperglycemic condition. Results showed that the hyperglycemia-induced GAG alterations in the cell surface perlecan as well as in the ECM indeed upregulated the expressions of IL-6, IL-8, and MCP-1 and the activities of MMP-2 and MMP-9 and downregulated the expressions of TIMP-2. A regulatory molecular mechanism of hyperglycemia-induced alterations of the cell surface proteoglycans and the ECM remodeling on the expressions of angiogenesis-related cytokines and growth factors in trophoblasts was proposed. This mechanism may contribute to the aberrant placental structure and the maternal and fetal complications during development. © 2013 Shu-Chun Chang and Wei-Chung Vivian Yang.
Maternal cholestasis during pregnancy programs metabolic disease in offspring; The intrauterine environment is a major contributor to increased rates of metabolic disease in adults. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a liver disease of pregnancy that affects 0.5%-2% of pregnant women and is characterized by increased bile acid levels in the maternal serum. The influence of ICP on the metabolic health of offspring is unknown. We analyzed the Northern Finland birth cohort 1985-1986 database and found that 16-year-old children of mothers with ICP had altered lipid profiles. Males had increased BMI, and females exhibited increased waist and hip girth compared with the offspring of uncomplicated pregnancies. We further investigated the effect of maternal cholestasis on the metabolism of adult offspring in the mouse. Females from cholestatic mothers developed a severe obese, diabetic phenotype with hepatosteatosis following a Western diet, whereas matched mice not exposed to cholestasis in utero did not. Female littermates were susceptible to metabolic disease before dietary challenge. Human and mouse studies showed an accumulation of lipids in the fetoplacental unit and increased transplacental cholesterol transport in cholestatic pregnancy. We believe this is the first report showing that cholestatic pregnancy in the absence of altered maternal BMI or diabetes can program metabolic disease in the offspring.
Dietary flavonol epicatechin prevents the onset of type 1 diabetes in nonobese diabetic mice; Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease characterized by the selective destruction of pancreatic β-cells. Although successful islet transplantation provides a promising treatment, high cost, lack of donor organs, immune-mediated destruction of transplanted islets, and side effects from immunosuppressive drugs greatly limit its uses. Therefore, the search for novel and cost-effective agents that can prevent or ameliorate T1D is extremely important to decrease the burden of T1D. In this study, we discovered that epicatechin (EC, 0.5% in drinking water), a flavonol primarily in cocoa, effectively prevented T1D in nonobese diabetic (NOD) mice. At 32 weeks of age, 66.7% of control mice had overt diabetes, whereas only 16.6% of EC-treated mice became diabetic. Consistently, EC mice had significantly higher plasma insulin levels but lower glycosylated hemoglobin concentrations compared to control mice. EC had no significant effects on food or water intake and body weight gain in NOD mice, suggesting that EC's effect was not due to alterations in these variables. Treatment with EC elevates circulating anti-inflammatory cytokine interleukin-10 levels, ameliorates pancreatic insulitis, and improves pancreatic islet mass. These findings demonstrate that EC may be a novel, plant-derived compound capable of preventing T1D by modulating immune function and thereby preserving islet mass. © 2013 American Chemical Society.
Nutritional programming of insulin resistance: Causes and consequences; Strong evidence indicates that adverse prenatal and early postnatal environments have a significant long-term influence on risk factors that result in insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and cardiovascular disease later in life. Here we discuss current knowledge of how maternal and neonatal nutrition influence early growth and the long-term risk of developing insulin resistance in different organs and at the whole-body level. Accumulating evidence supports a role for epigenetic mechanisms underlying this nutritional programming, consisting of heritable changes that regulate gene expression which in turn shapes the phenotype across generations. Deciphering these molecular mechanisms in key tissues and discovering key biological markers may provide valuable insight towards the development of effective intervention strategies. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Skeletal muscle MnSOD, mitochondrial complex II, and SIRT3 enzyme activities are decreased in maternal obesity during human pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; Context: Insulin resistance and systemic oxidative stress are prominent features of pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The role of skeletal muscle oxidative stress or mitochondrial capacity in obese pregnant women or obese women with GDM is unknown. Objective: We investigated whether obese pregnant women, compared with normal weight (NW) pregnant women, demonstrate decreased skeletal muscle mitochondrial enzyme activity and elevated markers of oxidative stress, and if these differences are more severe in obese women diagnosed with GDM. Design: We measured mitochondrial enzyme activity and markers of oxidative stress in skeletal muscle tissue from NW pregnant women (n = 10), obese pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT; n = 10), and obese pregnant women with GDM (n = 8), undergoing cesarean delivery (∼37 wk gestation). Results: Electron transport complex-II and manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) enzyme activities were decreased in obese-NGT and obese-GDM, compared with NW women. The glutathione redox ratio (GSH: GSSG) was decreased in obese-NGT and obese-GDM, indicative of increased oxidative stress. Mitochondrial sirtuin (SIRT)3 mRNA content and enzyme activity were lower in skeletal muscle of obese-NGT and obese-GDM women. Importantly, acetylation of MnSOD, a SIRT3 target, was increased in obese-NGT and obese-GDM vs NW women and was inversely correlated with SIRT3 activity (r = -0.603), suggesting a mechanism for reduced MnSOD activity. Conclusions: These data show that obese pregnant women demonstrate decreased skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiratory chain enzyme activity and decreased mitochondrial antioxidant defense. Furthermore, reduced skeletal muscle SIRT3 activity may play a role in the increased oxidative stress associated with pregnancies complicated by obesity. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
The role of nesfatin-1 in the regulation of food intake and body weight: Recent developments and future endeavors; Nesfatin-1 was discovered in 2006 and introduced as a potential novel anorexigenic modulator of food intake and body weight. The past years have witnessed increasing evidence establishing nesfatin-1 as a potent physiological inhibitor of food intake and body weight and unravelled nesfatin-1's interaction with other brain transmitters to exert its food consumption inhibitory effect. As observed for other anorexigenic brain neuropeptides, nesfatin-1 is also likely to exert additional, if not pleiotropic, actions in the brain and periphery. Recent studies established the prominent expression of the nesfatin-1 precursor, nucleobindin2 (NUCB2), in the stomach and pancreas, where nesfatin-1 influences endocrine secretion. This review will highlight the current experimental state-of-knowledge on the effects of NUCB2/nesfatin-1 on food intake, body weight and glucose homeostasis. Potential implications in human obesity will be discussed in relation to the evidence of changes in circulating levels of NUCB2/nesfatin-1 in disease states, the occurrence of genetic NUCB2 polymorphisms and - in contrast to several other hormones - the independence of leptin signalling known to be blunted under conditions of chronically increased body weight. © 2013 International Association for the Study of Obesity.
Lipoprotein subfractisons in metabolic syndrome and obesity: Clinical significance and therapeutic approaches; Small, dense low density lipoprotein (sdLDL) represents an emerging cardiovascular risk factor, since these particles can be associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) independently of established risk factors, including plasma lipids. Obese subjects frequently have atherogenic dyslipidaemia, including elevated sdLDL levels, in addition to elevated triglycerides (TG), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and apolipoprotein-B, as well as decreased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels. Obesity-related co-morbidities, such as metabolic syndrome (MetS) are also characterized by dyslipidaemia. Therefore, agents that favourably modulate LDL subclasses may be of clinical value in these subjects. Statins are the lipid-lowering drug of choice. Also, anti-obesity and lipid lowering drugs other than statins could be useful in these patients. However, the effects of anti-obesity drugs on CVD risk factors remain unclear. We review the clinical significance of sdLDL in being overweight and obesity, as well as the efficacy of anti-obesity drugs on LDL subfractions in these individuals; a short comment on HDL subclasses is also included. Our literature search was based on PubMed and Scopus listings. Further research is required to fully explore both the significance of sdLDL and the efficacy of anti-obesity drugs on LDL subfractions in being overweight, obesity and MetS. Improving the lipoprotein profile in these patients may represent an efficient approach for reducing cardiovascular risk. © 2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Treatment with metformin; Metformin is an anti-hyperglycaemic agent widely used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It counters insulin resistance through insulin-dependent and -independent effects on cellular nutrient and energy metabolism, improving glycaemic control without weight gain and without increasing the risk of hypoglycaemia. Metformin can also benefit several risk factors for vascular disease independently of glycaemic control. In subjects with metabolic syndrome, metformin improves prognosis. It decreases progression of impaired glucose tolerance to type 2 diabetes, assists weight reduction especially in conjunction with lifestyle management and exerts other potentially favourable cardiovascular effects. For example, metformin can modestly improve the lipid profile in some dyslipidaemic individuals, reduce pro-inflammatory cytokines and monocyte adhesion molecules and decrease advanced glycation end products. Metformin can also improve parameters of endothelial function in the macro- and micro-vasculature, indicating lower athero-thrombotic risk, but it does not appear to reduce blood pressure. In normoglycaemic individuals with risk factors for diabetes and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome there is evidence that metformin can defer or prevent the development of diabetes. Thus, metformin offers beneficial effects to delay the onset and reverse or reduce the progression of many of the metabolic features and cardiovascular risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Wien. All rights reserved.
Serum bilirubin level is inversely associated with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in children; OBJECTIVES: Oxidative stress has been implicated in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and progression to the more severe form, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), in children. We aimed to study the clinical correlation between bilirubin, a potent endogenous antioxidant with cytoprotective properties, and histopathological findings in pediatric patients with NAFLD. METHODS: We included consecutive children with biopsy-proven NAFLD and obtained demographic, clinical, and histopathological data. We performed logistic regression analysis to assess the clinical factors associated with the histological features of NASH or fibrosis. RESULTS: From a total of 302 biopsies, 67% (203) had evidence of NASH, whereas 64.2% had some degree of fibrosis (stage 1 in 51%, stage 2 in 6.3%, and stage 3 in 6.6%). Mean total bilirubin was significantly lower in the NASH group compared with the non-NASH group (0.65±0.24 vs 0.73±0.22 mg/dL, P=0.007). Higher total bilirubin levels were negatively correlated with the presence of steatosis and the NAFLD activity score (P<0.05), whereas a trend in that direction was observed for presence of fibrosis and inflammation (P=0.051). On multivariable analysis, higher bilirubin levels were significantly associated with a decreased likelihood of a histological diagnosis of NASH on biopsy (odds ratio 0.29, 95% CI 0.10-0.85, P=0.024). CONCLUSIONS: In children with NAFLD, there is an inverse relation between serum bilirubin levels and the presence of NASH on biopsy. This may be secondary to the antioxidant effect of bilirubin. Copyright © 2013 by European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
Carbohydrate intake as a risk factor for biliary sludge and stones during pregnancy; BACKGROUND: High carbohydrate intake has been linked to insulin resistance, obesity, and abnormal serum lipid profiles - conditions which favor gallstone formation. GOALS: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of dietary carbohydrate intake on incident gallbladder disease, defined as biliary sludge and stones, during pregnancy. STUDY: We prospectively studied 3070 pregnant women who underwent serial gallbladder ultrasound during pregnancy and at 4 to 6 weeks postpartum. All women had at least 2 study ultrasounds for comparison. A semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire was completed by subjects in the early third trimester. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to assess the risk of incident gallbladder disease across quartiles total and individual carbohydrate and individual carbohydrates (starch, sucrose, galactose, fructose, and lactose) intake. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of gallbladder disease was 10.2% by 4 to 6 weeks postpartum. The risk of incident gallbladder disease during pregnancy was significantly higher among women in the highest quartile of total carbohydrate intake versus those in the lowest quartile (odds ratio 2.09, 95% confidence interval 1.02-4.27). High intake of fructose was associated with increased risk even after additional adjustment for total carbohydrate intake (odds ratio 2.18, 95% confidence interval 1.23-3.86, comparing highest with lowest quartile). No association was found between the intake of starch, sucrose, lactose, or galactose and the risk of incident gallbladder disease. CONCLUSIONS: High consumption of total carbohydrate and fructose may increase the risk of developing gallbladder disease during pregnancy. Dietary modification during pregnancy might reduce gallstone incidence during this time period. Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Role of Iron in the Pathogenesis of Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome; Oxidative stress is one of the major causative factors for metabolic syndrome (MetS) and diabetes as well as diabetic complications. Increasing evidence has indicated that iron overload not only increases the risk of insulin resistance and diabetes, but also causes cardiovascular diseases in non-diabetic and diabetic subjects. This chapter first outlines iron homeostasis, biological function, and toxicity, and then summarizes the data regarding the roles of iron in the pathogenesis of diabetes, MetS, and diabetic complications. It reviews the epidemiological studies showing the association among iron deficiency or overload and impaired glucose tolerance, diabetes, and diabetic complications. New insights into understanding the possible mechanisms by which iron deficiency or overload may cause the onset of diabetes and diabetic complications are also discussed. In the last part, the potential use of iron chelators as well as its combination with other components for the therapy of diabetic patients will also be discussed. © 2013 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Race/Ethnicity, Obesity, and Related Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors: A Life-Course Perspective; The adoption of health behaviors characterized by minimal energy expenditure and overconsumption of energy has led to cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy, childhood, and youth, all of which increase the prevalence of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. The propensity to develop abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors appears to disproportionally affect non-white ethnic groups. While the majority of observational research has been conducted in populations of European origin, studies in non-white ethnic groups across the life-course are underway and there is evidence that unique ethnic-specific differences exist. This review will focus on the life-course determinants of obesity and its related cardio-metabolic risk factors among diverse ethnic groups including people of Afro-Caribbean origin, South Asian, East Asian, and indigenous ancestry. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Improved rodent maternal metabolism but reduced intrauterine growth after vertical sleeve gastrectomy; Obesity has profound negative consequences on female reproduction as well as on the metabolic health of offspring. Bariatric surgery is the most effective method for sustained weight loss. A critical question is whether bariatric surgery can reverse the deleterious effects of obesity on both female reproduction and subsequent offspring. Vertical sleeve gastrectomy (VSG) is a bariatric procedure rapidly growing in popularity because it provides weight loss and other metabolic benefits that are comparable to those offered by the more complicated Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). Female rats rendered obese on a high-fat diet (HFD) underwent either VSG or sham surgery. Like their male counterparts, females had significant metabolic improvements including reduced adiposity and improved glucose tolerance. After VSG, female rats showed a more normal reproductive cycle. Despite these maternal benefits, the offspring of dams receiving VSG were born smaller and lighter than offspring of control dams that underwent sham surgery. When maintained on an HFD after puberty, these adult offspring had a greater propensity to develop glucose intolerance and increased adiposity than the offspring of lean mothers or obese mothers who underwent sham surgery. These data suggest that weight loss alone by obese mothers is not sufficient to reverse the deleterious effects of an HFD and obesity on their offspring. Copyright © 2013 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Differential proinflammatory and oxidative stress response and vulnerability to metabolic syndrome in habitual high-fat young male consumers putatively predisposed by their genetic background; The current nutritional habits and lifestyles of modern societies favor energy overloads and a diminished physical activity, which may produce serious clinical disturbances and excessive weight gain. In order to investigate the mechanisms by which the environmental factors interact with molecular mechanisms in obesity, a pathway analysis was performed to identify genes differentially expressed in subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SCAAT) from obese compared to lean male (21-35 year-old) subjects living in similar obesogenic conditions: habitual high fat dietary intake and moderate physical activity. Genes involved in inflammation (ALCAM, CTSB, C1S, YKL-40, MIF, SAA2), extracellular matrix remodeling (MMP9, PALLD), angiogenesis (EGFL6, leptin) and oxidative stress (AKR1C3, UCHL1, HSPB7 and NQO1) were upregulated; whereas apoptosis, signal transcription (CITED 2 and NR3C1), cell control and cell cycle-related genes were downregulated. Interestingly, the expression of some of these genes (C1S, SAA2, ALCAM, CTSB, YKL-40 and tenomodulin) was found to be associated with some relevant metabolic syndrome features. The obese group showed a general upregulation in the expression of inflammatory, oxidative stress, extracellular remodeling and angiogenic genes compared to lean subjects, suggesting that a given genetic background in an obesogenic environment could underlie the resistance to gaining weight and obesity-associated manifestations. © 2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipokines and hepatic insulin resistance; Obesity is a major risk factor for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Adipose tissue is now considered to be an active endocrine organ that secretes various adipokines such as adiponectin, leptin, resistin, tumour necrosis factor- α, and interleukin-6. Recent studies have shown that these factors might provide a molecular link between increased adiposity and impaired insulin sensitivity. Since hepatic insulin resistance plays the key role in the whole body insulin resistance, clarification of the regulatory processes about hepatic insulin resistance by adipokines in rodents and human would seem essential in order to understand the mechanism of type 2 diabetes and for developing novel therapeutic strategies to treat it. © 2013 Yu Li et al.
Osteocalcin reverses endoplasmic reticulum stress and improves impaired insulin sensitivity secondary to diet-induced obesity through nuclear factor-kb signaling pathway; Osteocalcin, a synthetic osteoblast-specific protein, has recently emerged as an important regulator of energy metabolism, but the underlying mechanisms are not fully understood. In the present study, mice fed a high-fat dietandreceiving osteocalcinshowedreducedbodyweight gain, less fatpadgain,andimproved insulin sensitivity as well as increased energy expenditurecompared with mice fed a high-fat diet and receiving vehicle. Meanwhile, increased endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, defective insulin signaling, and mitochondrial dysfunction induced by obesity were also effectively alleviated by treatment with osteocalcin. Consistent with these findings, the addition of osteocalcin to the culture medium of 3T3-L1 adipocytes, Fao liver cells, and L6 muscle cells markedly reduced ER stress and restored insulin sensitivity. These effects were nullified by blockade of nuclear factor-kB (NF-kB) or phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase but not by U0126, a mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor, indicating the causative role of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/NF-kB in action of osteocalcin. In addition, the reversal effects of osteocalcin in cells deficient in X-box- binding protein-1, a transcription factor that modulates ER stress response, further confirmed its protective role against ER stress and insulin resistance. Our findings suggest that osteocalcin attenuates ER stress and rescues impaired insulin sensitivity in insulin resistance via the NF-kB signaling pathway, which may offer novel opportunities for treatment of obesity and diabetes. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Transgenic Increase in N-3/N-6 Fatty Acid Ratio Reduces Maternal Obesity-Associated Inflammation and Limits Adverse Developmental Programming in Mice; Maternal and pediatric obesity has risen dramatically over recent years, and is a known predictor of adverse long-term metabolic outcomes in offspring. However, which particular aspects of obese pregnancy promote such outcomes is less clear. While maternal obesity increases both maternal and placental inflammation, it is still unknown whether this is a dominant mechanism in fetal metabolic programming. In this study, we utilized the Fat-1 transgenic mouse to test whether increasing the maternal n-3/n-6 tissue fatty acid ratio could reduce the consequences of maternal obesity-associated inflammation and thereby mitigate downstream developmental programming. Eight-week-old WT or hemizygous Fat-1 C57BL/6J female mice were placed on a high-fat diet (HFD) or control diet (CD) for 8 weeks prior to mating with WT chow-fed males. Only WT offspring from Fat-1 mothers were analyzed. WT-HFD mothers demonstrated increased markers of infiltrating adipose tissue macrophages (P<0.02), and a striking increase in 12 serum pro-inflammatory cytokines (P<0.05), while Fat1-HFD mothers remained similar to WT-CD mothers, despite equal weight gain. E18.5 Fetuses from WT-HFD mothers had larger placentas (P<0.02), as well as increased placenta and fetal liver TG deposition (P<0.01 and P<0.02, respectively) and increased placental LPL TG-hydrolase activity (P<0.02), which correlated with degree of maternal insulin resistance (r = 0.59, P<0.02). The placentas and fetal livers from Fat1-HFD mothers were protected from this excess placental growth and fetal-placental lipid deposition. Importantly, maternal protection from excess inflammation corresponded with improved metabolic outcomes in adult WT offspring. While the offspring from WT-HFD mothers weaned onto CD demonstrated increased weight gain (P<0.05), body and liver fat (P<0.05 and P<0.001, respectively), and whole body insulin resistance (P<0.05), these were prevented in WT offspring from Fat1-HFD mothers. Our results suggest that reducing excess maternal inflammation may be a promising target for preventing adverse fetal metabolic outcomes in pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity. © 2013 Heerwagen et al.
Monitoring the Critically III Patient: Third Edition; Monitoring the Critically Ill Patient is an invaluable, accessible guide to caring for critically ill patients on the general ward. Now fully updated and improved throughout, this well-established and handy reference guide text assumes no prior knowledge and equips students and newly-qualified staff with the clinical skills and knowledge they need to confidently monitor patients at risk, identify key priorities, and provide prompt and effective care. This new edition includes the following five new chapters: Monitoring the critically ill child Monitoring the critically ill pregnant patient Monitoring the patient with infection and related systemic inflammatory response Monitoring a patient receiving a blood transfusion Monitoring pain. © 2012 by Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Effects of metabolic syndrome on fibrosis in chronic viral hepatitis; Background/Aims: Metabolic syndrome, comprising diabetes, hypertension, central obesity, and dyslipidemia, is increasingly prevalent worldwide. We aimed to study the relationship between metabolic syndrome and the risk of liver fibrosis in patients with chronic hepatitis B (CHB) and chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Methods: In total, 954 patients (CHB, 850; CHC, 104 patients) with liver biopsy were included in the retrospective analysis. Extensive clinical and histological data were available. Metabolic syndrome was defined using the International Diabetes Federation definition of metabolic syndrome, 2006 criteria. Histological lesions were evaluated according to the histology activity index system. Results: Metabolic syndrome was present in 6% of patients and significantly more prevalent in patients with CHC than in patients with CHB (5% vs 13%, p<0.001). Patients with metabolic syndrome were older among patients with CHB and patients with CHC, and, as expected, were mainly overweight or obese. Fibrosis was significantly more severe in patients with metabolic syndrome than in those without, regardless of whether they had CHB and CHC (CHB, 3.3±2.1 vs 2.4± 1.3, p=0.025; CHC, 2.6±1.5 vs 1.3±0.7, p=0.006). Liver fibrosis (stages 3 to 4) was independently associated with increased age, higher transaminase level and metabolic syndrome (odds ratio, 2.421; p=0.017). Conclusions: Metabolic syndrome is associated independently with severe fibrosis in patients with chronic viral hepatitis B and C.
Identification of HKDC1 and BACE2 as genes influencing glycemic traits during pregnancy through genome-wide association studies; Maternal metabolism during pregnancy impacts the developing fetus, affecting offspring birth weight and adiposity. This has important implications for metabolic health later in life (e.g., offspring of mothers with pre-existing or gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of metabolic disorders in childhood). To identify genetic loci associated with measures of maternal metabolism obtained during an oral glucose tolerance test at ∼28 weeks' gestation, we performed a genome-wide association study of 4,437 pregnant mothers of European (n = 1,367), Thai (n = 1,178), Afro-Caribbean (n = 1,075), and Hispanic (n = 817) ancestry, along with replication of top signals in three additional European ancestry cohorts. In addition to identifying associations with genes previously implicated with measures of glucose metabolism in nonpregnant populations, we identified two novel genome-wide significant associations: 2-h plasma glucose and HKDC1, and fasting C-peptide and BACE2. These results suggest that the genetic architecture underlying glucose metabolism may differ, in part, in pregnancy. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid; Aims/hypothesis: We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated; and (2) the extent to which NAFLD and IHCL account for the dysmetabolic phenotype in pGDM. Methods: We analysed data from a cohort of 234 women (114 with pGDM) and identified effects of pGDM on lipid and glucoregulation that were independent of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD. We then measured IHCL by MR spectroscopy in a representative subgroup (n = 36) and conducted detailed metabolic studies (IVGTT, VLDL apolipoprotein B [apoB] kinetics and palmitate turnover) and measurement of regional body fat by MRI to demonstrate effects of IHCL that were independent of a history of pGDM. Results: pGDM was associated with increased IHCL (p = 0.04) after adjustment for adiposity. Independently of IHCL, pGDM was associated with a lower IVGTT disposition index (p = 0.02) and acute insulin response to glucose (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 50% lower; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 36% lower; effect of pGDM, p = 0.03), increased VLDL apoB pool size (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 3.1-fold higher; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 1.2-fold higher; effect of pGDM, p = 0.02) and, at borderline significance (p = 0.05), increased rate of VLDL apoB synthesis. Conclusions/interpretation: pGDM is associated with increased IHCL independently of adiposity. The increased liver fat contributes to the phenotype, but pGDM status is independently associated with diminished insulin secretion and (shown for the first time) augmented VLDL metabolism. IHCL with pGDM may compound a dysmetabolic phenotype. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Mechanisms by which maternal obesity programs offspring for obesity: Evidence from animal studies; Maternal obesity can profoundly affect offspring phenotype and predisposition to obesity and metabolic disease. Carefully controlled studies in precocial and altricial mammalian species provide insights into the involved mechanisms. These include programming of hypothalamic appetite-regulating centers to increase orexigenic relative to anorexigenic drive; increasing maternal, fetal, and offspring adrenal and peripheral tissue glucocorticoid production; and increasing maternal oxidative stress. Outcomes often show offspring sex differences that may play a role in the differential susceptibility of males and females to later-life obesity and other related metabolic diseases. © 2013 International Life Sciences Institute.
The major circadian pacemaker ARNT-like protein-1 (BMAL1) is associated with susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: Recently a relationship between circadian clock function and the risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) has been shown. BMAL1 is a key component of the mammalian molecular clock. Two SNPs in the BMAL1 gene have been identified to confer T2D susceptibility. In the present study we investigated for the first time the association between the BMAL1 gene and the risk for GDM, in a Greek population. Methods: We studied 185 women with GDM and 161 non-diabetic controls for BMAL1 polymorphisms. For BMAL1 mRNA expression, peripheral leukocytes were harvested from 20 GDM and 20 control women, harboring different genotypes for the tested polymorphisms, using real-time quantitative PCR. Results: The minor allele (A) of the BMAL1 rs7950226 (G > A) polymorphism was found to be significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (P= 0.025). Analysis of the second BMAL1 rs11022775 (T > C) polymorphism, showed that the C-allele frequency was strongly increased in women with GDM (P= 4.455e-06). The CC genotype was also significantly overrepresented in GDM vs. controls (P= 0.00001). Additionally, the rs7950226G/rs11022775C and rs7950226A/rs11022775C haplotypes were also found to be associated with increased susceptibility to GDM. Furthermore, the expression levels of BMAL1 mRNA were significantly lower in GDM patients than in controls. Conclusion: These data suggest that the impairment of the BMAL1 clock gene expression is closely associated with GDM susceptibility. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Rationale and design of South Asian Birth Cohort (START): A Canada-India collaborative study; Background: People who originate from the Indian subcontinent (South Asians) suffer among the highest rates of type 2 diabetes in the world. Prior evidence suggests that metabolic risk factors develop early in life and are influenced by maternal and paternal behaviors, the intrauterine environment, and genetic factors. The South Asian Birth Cohort Study (START) will investigate the environmental and genetic basis of adiposity among 750 South Asian offspring recruited from highly divergent environments, namely, rural and urban India and urban Canada. Methods. Detailed information on health behaviors including diet and physical activity, and blood samples for metabolic parameters and DNA are collected from pregnant women of South Asian ancestry who are free of significant chronic disease. They also undergo a provocative test to diagnose impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes. At delivery, cord blood and newborn anthropometric indices (i.e. birth weight, length, head circumference and skin fold thickness) are collected. The mother and growing offspring are followed prospectively and information on the growth trajectory, adiposity and health behaviors will be collected annually up to age 3 years. Our aim is to recruit a minimum of 750 mother-infant pairs equally divided between three divergent environments: rural India, urban India, and Canada. Summary. The START cohort will increase our understanding of the environmental and genetic determinants of adiposity and related metabolic abnormalities among South Asians living in India and Canada. © 2013 Anand et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Suboptimal maternal nutrition affects offspring health in adult life; Suboptimal maternal nutrition during pregnancy is prevalent and compromises fetal development. Physiological and metabolic adaptations made by the fetus to an inadequate, or excess, maternal nutritional environment, may promote immediate survival but are lasting, conferring significantly increased risks of ill health in childhood and adulthood. In addition, such fetal adaptations are particularly detrimental when nutrient supply is no longer constrained in contemporary nutrient rich environments. Given the prevalence of suboptimal maternal nutritional environments during fetal development, effective prevention, early detection and therapeutic interventions to reduce the increased risks on population health must be a health priority. Therefore, the mechanisms of these lasting in utero adaptations are highly relevant to establishing how exposure to a suboptimal nutritional environment impacts on the health of current generations living in an environment challenged by excess nutrition. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Ancestral dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) exposure promotes epigenetic transgenerational inheritance of obesity; Background: Ancestral environmental exposures to a variety of environmental factors and toxicants have been shown to promote the epigenetic transgenerational inheritance of adult onset disease. The present work examined the potential transgenerational actions of the insecticide dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) on obesity and associated disease.Methods: Outbred gestating female rats were transiently exposed to a vehicle control or DDT and the F1 generation offspring bred to generate the F2 generation and F2 generation bred to generate the F3 generation. The F1 and F3 generation control and DDT lineage rats were aged and various pathologies investigated. The F3 generation male sperm were collected to investigate methylation between the control and DDT lineage male sperm.Results: The F1 generation offspring (directly exposed as a fetus) derived from the F0 generation exposed gestating female rats were not found to develop obesity. The F1 generation DDT lineage animals did develop kidney disease, prostate disease, ovary disease and tumor development as adults. Interestingly, the F3 generation (great grand-offspring) had over 50% of males and females develop obesity. Several transgenerational diseases previously shown to be associated with metabolic syndrome and obesity were observed in the testis, ovary and kidney. The transgenerational transmission of disease was through both female (egg) and male (sperm) germlines. F3 generation sperm epimutations, differential DNA methylation regions (DMR), induced by DDT were identified. A number of the genes associated with the DMR have previously been shown to be associated with obesity.Conclusions: Observations indicate ancestral exposure to DDT can promote obesity and associated disease transgenerationally. The etiology of disease such as obesity may be in part due to environmentally induced epigenetic transgenerational inheritance. © 2013 Skinner et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Prenatal Exposure to Dietary Fat Induces Changes in the Transcriptional Factors,TEF and YAP, Which May Stimulate Differentiation of Peptide Neurons in Rat Hypothalamus; Gestational exposure to a high-fat diet (HFD) stimulates the differentiation of orexigenic peptide-expressing neurons in the hypothalamus of offspring. To examine possible mechanisms that mediate this phenomenon, this study investigated the transcriptional factor, transcription enhancer factor-1 (TEF), and co-activator, Yes-associated protein (YAP), which when inactivated stimulate neuronal differentiation. In rat embryos and postnatal offspring prenatally exposed to a HFD compared to chow, changes in hypothalamic TEF and YAP and their relationship to the orexigenic peptide, enkephalin (ENK), were measured. The HFD offspring at postnatal day 15 (P15) exhibited in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus a significant reduction in YAP mRNA and protein, and increased levels of inactive and total TEF protein, with no change in mRNA. Similarly, HFD-exposed embryos at embryonic day 19 (E19) showed in whole hypothalamus significantly decreased levels of YAP mRNA and protein and TEF mRNA, and increased levels of inactive TEF protein, suggesting that HFD inactivates TEF and YAP. This was accompanied by increased density and fluorescence intensity of ENK neurons. A close relationship between TEF and ENK was suggested by the finding that TEF co-localizes with this peptide in hypothalamic neurons and HFD reduced the density of TEF/ENK co-labeled neurons, even while the number and fluorescence intensity of single-labeled TEF neurons were increased. Increased YAP inactivity by HFD was further evidenced by a decrease in number and fluorescence intensity of YAP-containing neurons, although the density of YAP/ENK co-labeled neurons was unaltered. Genetic knockdown of TEF or YAP stimulated ENK expression in hypothalamic neurons, supporting a close relationship between these transcription factors and neuropeptide. These findings suggest that prenatal HFD exposure inactivates both hypothalamic TEF and YAP, by either decreasing their levels or increasing their inactive form, and that this contributes to the stimulatory effect of HFD on ENK expression and possibly the differentiation of ENK-expressing neurons. © 2013 Poon et al.
Developmental programming of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: Redefining the first hit; The incidence of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease has increased dramatically, and growing evidence indicates that the pathophysiology may be unique from the adult form, suggesting a role for early-life events. Recent radiologic techniques have now demonstrated that maternal obesity contributes to hepatic fat storage in newborn infants. In this review, we will explore how maternal obesity and a hyperlipidemic environment can initiate liver histopathogenesis in utero, including steatosis, mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and inflammatory priming. Thus, early exposure to excess lipids may represent the "first hit" for the fetal liver, placing it on a trajectory toward future metabolic disease. © 2013, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Biological determinants linking infant weight gain and child obesity: Current knowledge and future directions; Childhood obesity rates have reached epidemic proportions. Excessive weight gain in infancy is associated with persistence of elevated weight status and later obesity. In this review, we make the case that weight gain in the first 6 mo is especially predictive of later obesity risk due to the metabolic programming that can occur early postpartum. The current state of knowledge regarding the biological determinants of excess infant weight gain is reviewed, with particular focus on infant feeding choice. Potential mechanisms by which different feeding approaches may program the metabolic profile of the infant, causing the link between early weight gain and later obesity are proposed. These mechanisms are likely highly complex and involve synergistic interactions between endocrine effects and factors that alter the inflammatory and oxidative stress status of the infant. Gaps in current knowledge are highlighted. These include a lack of data describing 1) what type of infant body fat distribution may impart risk and 2) how maternal metabolic dysfunction (obesity and/or diabetes) may affect milk composition and exert downstream effects on infant metabolism. Improved understanding and management of these early postnatal determinants of childhood obesity may have great impact on reducing its prevalence. © 2012 American Society for Nutrition.
Human serum proteome analysis: New source of markers in metabolic disorders; The prevalence of metabolic disorders (MDs), especially diabetes, is rapidly increasing worldwide, leading to an increasing risk of cardiovascular and other socially relevant complications. To boost MD biomarker discovery, advanced proteomics can harmonize metabolomics. Indeed, the rapid development of mass spectrometry (MS) has designated proteomics as an emerging platform to interrogate the plasma/serum proteome for the discovery of next-generation biomarkers exploitable for risk assessment, early detection and prognosis of MDs. Preanalytical plasma/serum treatment, such as combinatorial peptide ligand libraries with nano-liquid chromatography coupled with tandem MS or selected reaction monitoring coupled to triple-quadrupole time-of-flight instruments, are proven clinical laboratory techniques for quantitative analyses. New strategies, such as SWATH™ MS, which allows us to systematically characterize and quantify query sample sets of 'any protein of interest' in complex biological samples, may dramatically improve next-generation MD biomarkers, especially considering the plethora of candidates coming from the 'bioreactor' gut microbiota affecting MD onset and progression. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd.
Increased nitric oxide production and gender-dependent changes in PPARα expression and signaling in the fetal lung from diabetic rats; The fetal lung is affected by maternal diabetes. Nuclear receptor PPARα regulates nitric oxide (NO) overproduction in different tissues. We aimed to determine whether fetal lung PPARα expression is altered by maternal diabetes, and if there are gender-dependent changes in PPARα regulation of NO production in the fetal lung. Fetal lungs from control and diabetic rats were explanted on day 21 of gestation and evaluated for PPARα expression and NO production. Fetuses were injected with the PPARα ligand LTB4 on days 19, 20 and 21, and the fetal lung explanted on day 21 to evaluate PPARα and the inducible isoform of NO synthase (iNOS). Besides, pregnant rats were fed with olive oil- and safflower oil-supplemented diets, enriched in PPAR ligands, for evaluation of fetal lung NO production and PPARα expression. We found reduced PPARα concentrations only in the lung from male fetuses from the diabetic group when compared to controls, although maternal diabetes led to NO overproduction in both male and female fetal lungs. Fetal activation of PPARα led to changes in lung PPARα expression only in female fetuses, although this treatment increased iNOS expression in both male and female fetuses in the diabetic group. Diets supplemented with olive oil and not with safflower oil led to a reduction in NO production in male and female fetal lungs. In conclusion, there are gender-dependent changes in PPARα expression and signaling in the fetal lung from diabetic rats, although PPARα activation prevents maternal diabetes-induced lung NO overproduction in both male and female fetuses. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Maternal obesity and diabetes induces latent metabolic defects and widespread epigenetic changes in isogenic mice; Intrauterine nutrition can program metabolism, creating stable changes in physiology that may have significant health consequences. The mechanism underlying these changes is widely assumed to involve epigenetic changes to the expression of metabolic genes, but evidence supporting this idea is limited. Here we have performed the first study of the epigenomic consequences of exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes. We used a mouse model of natural-onset obesity that allows comparison of genetically identical mice whose mothers were either obese and diabetic or lean with a normal metabolism. We find that the offspring of obese mothers have a latent metabolic phenotype that is unmasked by exposure to a Western-style diet, resulting in glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. The offspring show changes in hepatic gene expression and widespread but subtle alterations in cytosine methylation. Contrary to expectation, these molecular changes do not point to metabolic pathways but instead reside in broadly developmental ontologies. We propose that, rather than being adaptive, these changes may simply produce an inappropriate response to suboptimal environments; maladaptive phenotypes may be avoidable if postnatal nutrition is carefully controlled. © 2013 Landes Bioscience.
Complications and challenges in management of the obese expectant mother; Obesity is increasing worldwide, especially in the USA. This is reflected in the pregnant population, with up to a third of women classified as obese during their pregnancy. It poses a challenge to the practitioners throughout pregnancy, labor and delivery, as well as in postpartum care. Obesity is also a risk factor for multiple pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, iatrogenic preterm birth, fetal macrosomia and intrauterine fetal demise. Antenatal care challenges, including limitation of fetal ultrasound evaluation, contribute to a greater number of undetected anomalies and poor fetal weight estimation. Maternal risks such as increased rates of cesarean section, and subsequent postoperative complications such as wound infection and venous thromboembolic events, are increasing in prevalence. Optimal prenatal care requires knowledge of and attention to each of these risks and appropriate patient counseling. © 2012 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Effect of intrauterine growth retardation on liver and long-term metabolic risk; Intrauterine growth retardation predisposes toward long-term morbidity from type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the concept of programming was introduced to indicate a process whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical period of development has lasting or lifelong consequences on key endocrine and metabolic pathways. Subtle changes in cell composition of tissues, induced by suboptimal conditions in utero, can influence postnatal physiological functions. There is increasing evidence, suggesting that liver may represent one of the candidate organs targeted by programming, undergoing structural, functional and epigenetic changes following exposure to an unfavorable intrauterine environment. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying liver programming that contribute to increase the cardiometabolic risk in subjects with intrauterine growth restriction. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Intrahepatic fat is increased in the neonatal offspring of obese women with gestational diabetes; Objectives: To assess precision magnetic resonance imaging in the neonate and determine whether there is an early maternal influence on the pattern of neonatal fat deposition in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity compared with the offspring of normal-weight women. Study design: A total of 25 neonates born to normal weight mothers (n = 13) and to obese mothers with GDM (n = 12) underwent magnetic resonance imaging for the measurement of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat and magnetic resonance spectroscopy for the measurement of intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) fat at 1-3 weeks of age. Results: Infants born to obese/GDM mothers had a mean 68% increase in IHCL compared with infants born to normal-weight mothers. For all infants, IHCL correlated with maternal prepregnancy body mass index but not with subcutaneous adiposity. Conclusion: Deposition of liver fat in the neonate correlates highly with maternal body mass index. This finding may have implications for understanding the developmental origins of childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. © Copyright 2013 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity, gestational weight gain and diet as determinants of offspring long term health; This review addresses the increasingly prolific literature from studies in man and animals suggesting that maternal obesity, a diet rich in calories or excess gestational weight gain may, through perturbation of the intrauterine environment, lead to lifelong risk of obesity and related disorders in the child. In addressing maternal- child obesity relationships it remains a challenge to distinguish the influence of the intrauterine environment from the contribution of shared genetic traits, and to adequately adjust for postnatal determinants of childhood obesity. Studies in genetically identical rodents convincingly show that maternal obesity, as well as elements of a hypercalorific diet can permanently influence offspring risk of obesity, and are these are supported by studies in larger mammals. Importantly, dissection of the mechanism in animals has led to description of novel interactive pathways between maternal environment and fetus which are amenable to investigation in humans. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis and treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome: An endocrine society clinical practice guideline; Objective: The aim was to formulate practice guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Participants: An Endocrine Society-appointed Task Force of experts, a methodologist, and a medical writer developed the guideline. Evidence: This evidence-based guideline was developed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system to describe both the strength of recommendations and the quality of evidence. Consensus Process: One group meeting, several conference calls, and e-mail communications enabled consensus. Committees and members of The Endocrine Society and the European Society of Endocrinology reviewed and commented on preliminary drafts of these guidelines. Two systematic reviews were conducted to summarize supporting evidence. Conclusions:Wesuggest using the Rotterdam criteria for diagnosing PCOS (presence of two of the following criteria: Androgen excess, ovulatory dysfunction, or polycystic ovaries). Establishing a diagnosis of PCOS is problematic in adolescents and menopausal women. Hyperandrogenism is central to the presentation in adolescents, whereas there is no consistent phenotype in postmenopausal women. Evaluation of women with PCOS should exclude alternate androgen-excess disordersandrisk factors for endometrial cancer,mooddisorders, obstructive sleep apnea, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Hormonal contraceptives are the first-line management for menstrual abnormalities and hirsutism/acne in PCOS. Clomiphene is currently the first-line therapy for infertility; metformin is beneficial for metabolic/glycemic abnormalities and for improving menstrual irregularities, but it has limited or no benefit in treating hirsutism, acne, or infertility. Hormonal contraceptives and metformin are the treatment options in adolescents with PCOS. The role of weight loss in improving PCOS status per se is uncertain, but lifestyle intervention is beneficial in overweight/obese patients for other health benefits. Thiazolidinediones have an unfavorable riskbenefit ratio overall, and statins require further study. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 98: 4565-4592, 2013) © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Developmental origins of obesity-related hypertension; In the past 30years the prevalence of obesity and overweight have doubled. It is now estimated that globally over 500 million adults are obese and a further billion adults are overweight. Obesity is a cardiovascular risk factor and some studies suggest that up to 70% of cases of essential hypertension may be attributable, in part, to obesity. Increasingly, evidence supports a view that obesity-related hypertension may be driven by altered hypothalamic signalling, which results in inappropriately high appetite and sympathetic nerve activity to the kidney. In addition to the adult risk factors for obesity and hypertension, the environment encountered in early life may 'programme' the development of obesity, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. In particular, maternal obesity or high dietary fat intake in pregnancy may induce changes in fetal growth trajectories and predispose individuals to develop obesity and related sequelae. The mechanisms underlying the programming of obesity-related hypertension are becoming better understood. However, several issues require clarification, particularly with regard to the role of the placenta in transferring fatty acid to the fetal compartment, the impact of placental inflammation and cytokine production in obesity. By understanding which factors are most associated with the development of obesity and hypertension in the offspring, we can focus therapeutic and behavioural interventions to most efficiently reduce the intergenerational propagation of the obesity cycle. Clinical and Experimental Pharmacology and Physiology © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
The transcription factor FOXM1 (Forkhead box M1): Proliferation-specific expression, transcription factor function, target genes, mouse models, and normal biological roles; FOXM1 (Forkhead box M1) is a typical proliferation-associated transcription factor, which stimulates cell proliferation and exhibits a proliferation-specific expression pattern. Accordingly, both the expression and the transcriptional activity of FOXM1 are increased by proliferation signals, but decreased by antiproliferation signals, including the positive and negative regulation by protooncoproteins or tumor suppressors, respectively. FOXM1 stimulates cell cycle progression by promoting the entry into S-phase and M-phase. Moreover, FOXM1 is required for proper execution of mitosis. Accordingly, FOXM1 regulates the expression of genes, whose products control G1/S-transition, S-phase progression, G2/M-transition, and M-phase progression. Additionally, FOXM1 target genes encode proteins with functions in the execution of DNA replication and mitosis. FOXM1 is a transcriptional activator with a forkhead domain as DNA binding domain and with a very strong acidic transactivation domain. However, wild-type FOXM1 is (almost) inactive because the transactivation domain is repressed by three inhibitory domains. Inactive FOXM1 can be converted into a very potent transactivator by activating signals, which release the transactivation domain from its inhibition by the inhibitory domains. FOXM1 is essential for embryonic development and the foxm1 knockout is embryonically lethal. In adults, FOXM1 is important for tissue repair after injury. FOXM1 prevents premature senescence and interferes with contact inhibition. FOXM1 plays a role for maintenance of stem cell pluripotency and for selfrenewal capacity of stem cells. The functions of FOXM1 in prevention of polyploidy and aneuploidy and in homologous recombination repair of DNA-double-strand breaks suggest an importance of FOXM1 for the maintenance of genomic stability and chromosomal integrity. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase, alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase levels and the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To evaluate gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), alanine transaminases (ALT) and aspartate transaminases (AST) levels and prevalent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design and methods: Random plasma glucose, GGT, ALT and AST and the 50-g glucose challenge test were done on antenatal women followed by diagnostic 3-point 75-g oral glucose tolerance test within two weeks. GDM was diagnosed by ADA (2011) criteria. Results: The GDM rate was 12.2% (319/2610). Mean GGT level was higher in GDM women, 18 ± 12 vs. 16 ± 11. IU/L; P = 0.03. The risk for GDM was higher for women in the highest GGT quartile band compared to the lowest: RR 1.35 95%CI 1.0-1.8; P = 0.04. However, after adjustment for confounders, GGT was no longer associated with GDM. There was no correlation between ALT and AST levels and GDM. Conclusions: Liver transaminases do not predict GDM in contrast to type 2 diabetes. © 2012 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists.
Doves, diplomats, and diabetes: A darwinian interpretation of type 2 diabetes and related disorders; Darwinian medicine looks at the ecological and evolutionary roots of disease. A disease is an interaction between a genome and its biotic or abiotic environment and therefore a disease is essentially an ecological process. Good understanding of ecology and a Darwinian way of thinking can give us novel and useful perspectives on health and disease. If we understand the disease process better, we can certainly prevent, control as well as treat diseases in a better way. Although the thought that the origins of obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) might lie in our hunter gatherer adaptations is not new, research over the last decade makes us rethink many of the classical concepts. Brain and behavior is increasingly being recognized as central to all the endocrine, metabolic and immunological changes that earmark type 2 diabetes and other metabolic syndrome disorders. A major change in paradigm appears to be on the horizon and the proposed book intends to speed up the paradigm shift by raising important questions, pointing out flaws and inadequacies in the prevalent paradigm and stimulating radical rethinking which would redirect and refine the line of research as well as bring some fundamental changes in drug discovery and clinical practice. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013.
Pancreas: Anatomy, diseases and health implications; The pancreas consists of two organs in one: exocrine and endocrine glands. The exocrine gland secretes enzymes into the digestive tract, whereas the endocrine gland secretes hormones into the bloodstream. The endocrine cells are mainly grouped into the pancreatic islets (of Langerhans), including five types of cells: the alpha cells are responsible for producing glucagon; the beta cells produce insulin; the delta cells produce somatostatin; the PP cells produce the pancreatic polypeptide, and the epsilon cells produce ghrelin. All these products are involved in the maintenance of glucose homeostasis. The human pancreas is a retroperitoneal organ anatomically divided into head, neck, body and tail of the pancreas. At its origin, the pancreas has two buds developing on the dorsal and the ventral sides of the final foregut, both endocrine and exocrine cells arise from the same endodermal rudiment. As the stomach and the duodenum rotate, the ventral and dorsal pancreatic buds fuse, resulting in the formation of the main pancreatic duct. Vascularization begins to invade these immature endocrine cell clusters, which coexpress several pancreatic hormones and will become the islets - isletogenesis. The outcomes of the individual pancreatic cells are determined by the expression of a series of transcription factors (Pdx1, Neurogenin3, Pax6, Isl1...). The fastest expansion of the cell mass occurs in the late gestational period with further additional remodeling and maturation. Signaling factors from inside and outside the pancreas, modulate the secretory functions of the islet cells. The inappropriate activation or inactivation of the pathways mediating the regulatory mechanisms of the pancreas has considerable impacts upon health and disease. The whole pancreas can be isolated and cultured under suitable conditions, a technique which is commonly used in researches targeting at studying the pancreas development and its responses to insults. The use of animal models in the development of the novel therapeutic strategies is welcome. Therefore, the creation of experimental models is currently a major issue. Various animal models are normally employed in contemporary research of Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus, pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer, cell isolation and islet transplantation. Commonly employed experimental techniques for pancreatic research include, but are not limited to, molecular and functional studies: techniques ex vivo (for example, glucose stimulated insulin secretion), in vivo (for example, hyperinsulinemic, euglycemic clamp), and in vitro (for example, gene level -PCR and protein level - Western blot and immunohistochemistry). © 2012 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor gene polymorphisms and plasma levels in children with obstructive sleep apnea; Introduction Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is associated with increased risk for cardiovascular and metabolic dysfunction in both adults and children. In adults with OSA, serum levels of macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) are elevated. Therefore, we assessed plasma MIF levels and MIF allelic variant frequencies in children with and without OSA (NOSA). Methods A total of 614 consecutive children ages 5-8 years were recruited. Children were divided into those with OSA and NOSA based on the apnea-hypopnea index (AHI). In addition to lipid profile, hsCRP, and fasting insulin and glucose levels, plasma MIF levels were assayed using ELISA, and 28 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) covering the region were genotyped. Linkage disequilibrium and haplotype blocks were analyzed using Haploview version 4.2 software. Results Morning plasma MIF levels were increased in children with OSA. Of the 28 SNPs tested, the frequency of rs10433310 minor allele was significantly decreased in OSA. This SNP was also associated with reduced fasting insulin and hsCRP levels in OSA. The minor allele frequency of all other 27 SNPs was similar in OSA and NOSA groups. Conclusions Childhood OSA is associated with higher plasma MIF, hsCRP, and fasting insulin levels that promote cardiometabolic risk, and the MIF gene SNP rs10433310 may account for some of the variance in such risk. Pediatr Pulmonol. 2012. 47:1001-1011. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Role of thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor in endocrine and cardiovascular disorders: An update; Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is a zymogene that potently inhibits fibrinolysis through the removal of the carboxy-terminal lysine and arginine residues from partially degraded fibrin polymers. In addition, TAFI has a suppressor effect on conversion of inactive plasminogen to plasmin. Since impaired fibrinolysis is a very well established risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, understanding the role of TAFI in cardiovascular disorders, insulin resistance, diabetes and other endocrine problems may hold promise for improving management of these diseases. This paper includes a review of current evidence on TAFI pathway and its alteration in endocrine and cardiovascular disorders and relevant patents. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
In utero oxidative stress epigenetically programs antioxidant defense capacity and adulthood diseases; Significance: Maternal health and diet during gestation are critical for predicting fetal outcomes, both immediately at birth and in adulthood. While epigenetic modifications have previously been tightly linked to carcinogenesis, recent advances in the field have suggested that numerous adulthood diseases, including those characteristic of metabolic syndrome, could be programmed in utero in response to maternal exposures, and these "programmable" diseases are associated with epigenetic modifications of vital genes. Recent Advances: While little is currently known about the epigenetic regulation of the antioxidant (AOX) defense system, several studies in animals show that AOX defense capacity may be programmed in utero, making it likely that the critical genes involved in this pathway are epigenetically regulated, either by DNA methylation or by the modification of histone tails. Critical Issues: This article presents the most current knowledge of the in utero regulation of the AOX defense capacity, and will specifically focus on the potential epigenetic regulation of this system in response to various in utero exposures or stimuli. The ability to appropriately respond to oxidative stress is critical for the health and survival of any organism, and the potential programming of this capacity may provide a link between the in utero environment and the tendency of certain individuals to be more susceptible toward disease stimuli in their postnatal environments. Future Directions: We sincerely hope that future studies which result in a deeper understanding of the in utero programming of the epigenome will lead to novel and effective therapies for the treatment of epigenetically linked diseases. © 2012 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Circadian clocks and metabolism; Circadian clocks maintain periodicity in internal cycles of behavior, physiology, and metabolism, enabling organisms to anticipate the 24-h rotation of the Earth. In mammals, circadian integration of metabolic systems optimizes energy harvesting and utilization across the light/dark cycle. Disruption of clock genes has recently been linked to sleep disorders and to the development of cardiometabolic disease. Conversely, aberrant nutrient signaling affects circadian rhythms of behavior. This chapter reviews the emerging relationship between the molecular clock and metabolic systems and examines evidence that circadian disruption exerts deleterious consequences on human health. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Sex-hormone-binding globulin early in pregnancy for the prediction of severe gestational diabetes mellitus and related complications; Aims: The aim of this study was to evaluate the predictive value of sex-hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to clarify the association between SHBG levels and GDM complications/medication requirements. Material and Methods: Among the participants (n = 93) who provided blood samples between 13 and 16 weeks' gestation, 30 cases subsequently developed GDM. Complications and medical interventions were noted. The best cut-off point of SHBG and diagnostic performance were calculated. Results: The mean age was 28.45 ± 5.0 years. SHBG levels were lower in the GDM group (n = 30) when compared with non-GDM (n = 63) cases (<0.01). Among the GDM women, SHBG was lower in the insulin therapy group (n = 15) compared with medical nutritional therapy alone (n = 15) (P < 0.01). A good predictive accuracy of SHBG was found for GDM requiring insulin therapy (area under the curve: 0.866, 95% confidence interval: 0.773-0.959). An SHBG threshold for 97.47 nmol/L had a sensitivity of 80.0%, specificity 84.6%, positive predictive value 50.0% and negative predictive value 95.7%. The calculated odds ratio for SHBG < 97.47 nmol/L was 12.346 (95% confidence interval: 1.786-83.33). Conclusions: SHBG is valuable for screening women early in pregnancy for GDM risk; however, a standard assay for analyses and a threshold level of serum SHBG for a constant gestational week has to be determined. © 2012 The Authors.
Effects of pioglitazone versus glimepiride exposure on hepatocellular fat content in type 2 diabetes; Aims: Thiazoledinediones decrease blood glucose by their insulin-sensitizing properties. Here, we examined whether pioglitazone plus nateglinide (PIO) interferes with hepatocellular lipid (HCL) content and/or improves insulin sensitivity in well-controlled non-obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Sixteen patients [body mass index (BMI): 28±1kg/m2; HbA1c: 7.1±0.6%] were studied in a randomized, double-blind, 12-week parallel group trial, whereas matched healthy humans [non-diabetic control subjects (CON), BMI: 26±1kg/m2] were studied once. Treatment with pioglitazone (30mg/day) plus nateglinide (PIO arm) to control for glimepiride-induced insulin secretion was compared to treatment with glimepiride (2mg/day) plus placebo (GLI arm). Multinuclei magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) was combined with pancreatic normoglycaemic-two-step-insulin clamps and stable isotopes to assess glucose turnover, glucose transport/phosphorylation, HCL and intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) contents, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and adipokines. Results: At baseline, HCL was approximately 5.6-fold higher in T2DM (p<0.05 vs. CON). This was paralleled by approximately doubled leptin:adiponectin ratios (p<0.05). HCL decreased by approximately 39% (p<0.05) after PIO and only tended to decrease after GLI (p=0.12). Treatment with PIO did not affect leptin:adiponectin ratios, but slightly improved (p<0.05) insulin-mediated NEFA suppression, which related to lower HCL. PIO further prevented the insulin-induced increase in IMCL content of soleus and tibialis anterior muscles. Peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity, glucose transport and glycaemic control did not change in both groups. Conclusion: Short-term, low-dose thiazolidendione treatment improves insulin sensitivity of lipolysis and HCL, without affecting muscle and liver insulin sensitivity. It appears that metabolic PIO action in T2DM is primarily mediated via a decline in HCL associated with greater sensitivity of lipolysis to insulin. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effect of progressive resistance training on serum amyloid A and apolipoprotein A-I levels in diabetic rats; Introduction: Serum amyloid A (SAA) is an acute-phase protein, which is a clinically useful marker of inflammation and associates strongly with increased risk of cardiovascular events. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of resistance training with progressive load on serum levels of SAA and apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Materials and Methods: Twenty four male Wister rats (292 ± 20g) were randomly divided into three groups: non-diabetic control, diabetic control, and diabetic training. The rats in diabetic training group were subjected to a resistance training program (3 days/wk, for 4 wk) consisted of climbing a ladder carrying a load suspended from the tail. Following four weeks resistance training serum lipid profile, glucose, SAA and apoA-I concentrations were measured. Results: We did not find any significant difference in serum lipid profile between all groups. Serum levels of SAA and apoA-I were significantly higher in both diabetic groups compare with non-diabetic control group (respectively, P=0.020 & P= 0.001). After 4 weeks of resistance training serum apoA-I levels significantly increased compared with diabetic control group (P= 0.035), but we did not find any significant difference in SAA levels between diabetic groups. Conclusion: This study indicated that resistance training could increase serum apoA-I levels in diabetic rats without significant changes in lipid profile and SAA levels. These changes may mitigate the risk for atherosclerosis progression and its clinical consequences in diabetic conditions.
A Consideration of Biomarkers to be Used for Evaluation of Inflammation in Human Nutritional Studies; To monitor inflammation in a meaningful way, the markers used must be valid: they must reflect the inflammatory process under study and they must be predictive of future health status. In 2009, the Nutrition and Immunity Task Force of the International Life Sciences Institute, European Branch, organized an expert group to attempt to identify robust and predictive markers, or patterns or clusters of markers, which can be used to assess inflammation in human nutrition studies in the general population. Inflammation is a normal process and there are a number of cells and mediators involved. These markers are involved in, or are produced as a result of, the inflammatory process irrespective of its trigger and its location and are common to all inflammatory situations. Currently, there is no consensus as to which markers of inflammation best represent low-grade inflammation or differentiate between acute and chronic inflammation or between the various phases of inflammatory responses. There are a number of modifying factors that affect the concentration of an inflammatory marker at a given time, including age, diet and body fatness, among others. Measuring the concentration of inflammatory markers in the bloodstream under basal conditions is probably less informative compared with data related to the concentration change in response to a challenge. A number of inflammatory challenges have been described. However, many of these challenges are poorly standardised. Patterns and clusters may be important as robust biomarkers of inflammation. Therefore, it is likely that a combination of multiple inflammatory markers and integrated readouts based upon kinetic analysis following defined challenges will be the most informative biomarker of inflammation. Copyright © ILSI Europe 2013.
Metabolic and other effects of pioglitazone as an add-on therapy to metformin in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); Insulin resistance is a key pathogenic defect of the clustered metabolic disturbances seen in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Metformin is an insulin sensitizer acting in the liver and the peripheral tissues that ameliorates the metabolic and reproductive defects in PCOS. In addition, pioglitazone is an insulin sensitizer used in diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM), improving insulin resistance (IR) in adipose tissue and muscles. In T2DM, these drugs are also used as a combined treatment due to their "add-on effect" on insulin resistance. Although the beneficial role of troglitazone (a member of the thiazolidinediones (TZDs) family) in PCOS has been shown in the past, currently only pioglitazone is available in the market. A few small randomized controlled trials have directly compared the effectiveness of pioglitazone in women with PCOS, while there are a limited number of small studies that support the beneficial metabolic add-on effect of pioglitazone on metformin-treated PCOS women as compared to metformin or pioglitazone monotherapy. These findings suggest a potentially promising role for combined pioglitazone/metformin treatment in the management of PCOS in metforminresistant patients. In view of recent concerns regarding pioglitazone usage and its associated health risk, we aim to compare the pros and cons of each drug regarding their metabolic and other hormonal effects in women with PCOS and to explore the possible beneficial effect of combined therapy in certain cases, taking into consideration the teratogenic effect of pioglitazone. Finally, we discuss the need for a randomized controlled trial that will evaluate the metabolic and other hormonal effects of combined metformin/pioglitazone treatment in PCOS with selective treatment targets.
Zinc-α2-Glycoprotein Is Unrelated to Gestational Diabetes: Anthropometric and Metabolic Determinants in Pregnant Women and Their Offspring; Context: Zinc-α2-Glycoprotein (ZAG) is an adipokine with lipolytic action and is positively associated with adiponectin in adipose tissue. We hypothesize that ZAG may be related with hydrocarbonate metabolism disturbances observed in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objective: The aim of this study was to analyze serum ZAG concentration and its relationship with carbohydrate metabolism in pregnant women and its influence on fetal growth. Design: 207 pregnant women (130 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and 77 with GDM) recruited in the early third trimester and their offspring were studied. Cord blood was obtained at delivery and neonatal anthropometry was assessed in the first 48 hours. ZAG was determined in maternal serum and cord blood. Results: ZAG concentration was lower in cord blood than in maternal serum, but similar concentration was observed in NGT and GDM pregnant women. Also similar levels were found between offspring of NGT and GDM women. In the bivariate analysis, maternal ZAG (mZAG) was positively correlated with adiponectin and HDL cholesterol, and negatively correlated with insulin and triglyceride concentrations, and HOMA index. On the other hand, cord blood ZAG (cbZAG) was positively correlated with fat-free mass, birth weight and gestational age at delivery. After adjusting for confounding variables, gestational age at delivery and HDL cholesterol emerged as the sole determinants of cord blood ZAG and maternal ZAG concentrations, respectively. Conclusion: mZAG was not associated with glucose metabolism during pregnancy. ZAG concentration was lower in cord blood compared with maternal serum. cbZAG was independently correlated with gestational age at delivery, suggesting a role during the accelerated fetal growth during latter pregnancy. © 2012 Näf et al.
Animal lectins: Form, function and clinical applications; Animal Lectins: Form, Function and Clinical Applications presents up-to-date knowledge of animal lectins. Detailed descriptions on biological activities, tissue and/or subcellular distribution, molecular structure, gene organization, possible functions, clinical applications, lectin-ligand interactions and their intervention for therapeutic purposes are provided. The recently discovered C-type lectins as well as further novel super-families of this group of molecules are described in detail. Furthermore, the clinical significance of animal lectins in inflammatory diseases, defects of immune defense and autoimmunity are described and their application as drugs and therapeutic targets is discussed. With the increasing interest in lectins in biomedical research and their therapeutic applications, this book on animal lectins and associated proteins is a must have for researchers in the area. © Springer-Verlag Wien 2012. All rights are reserved.
The chequered career of metformin: From darkness to light; While the first chemical synthesis and experimental studies of the hypoglycaemic potency of metformin were almost contemporaneous with the discovery and the spread of insulin, the therapeutic studies restarted only during the late 50s, leading to the launching of the drug in 1959, in the meantime that two other biguanides, butformin and phenformin. The latter has been withdrawn from the market in the early 70s because of its high risk of lactic acidosis and the increase in cardiovascular mortality in the University Group Diabetes Program (UGDP). The same occurring for butformin, metformin remained the sole biguanide on the market, this is some countries only, and mainly as a second line therapy, after sulfonylureas failure.The recognition of the role of insulin resistance in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and the launch of metformin in the U. S., in 1994, followed a few years later by the results of the United Kingdom Diabetes Prospective Study (UKPDS) pushed the drug at the first rank in all countries. Several works are ongoing in several fields more or less related to insulin resistance: diabetes prevention, cardiovascular protection, prevention and treatment of cancer, treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome... and the contraindications of the drug have been progressively relaxed on the basis of its long term safety and various benefits © 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS.
The C-681G polymorphism of the PPAR-γ gene is associated with susceptibility to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is defined as excessive accumulation of fatty acid in the liver, a common disease in the world. The research of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) provides a new approach for managing NAFLD. SNPs may increase or decrease the functions of the target genes and their encoding proteins. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) plays a key role in modulating metabolism of hepatic triglycerides and consequently magnitude of NAFLD. In this study, we investigated the effect of three SNPs in the PPAR-γ gene i.e. rs10865710 (C-681G), rs7649970 (C-689T) and rs1801282 (C34G, also termed Pro12Ala) on susceptibility to NAFLD. The participants were selected from our epidemiological survey. Totally 169 participants were enrolled in NAFLD group, and 699 healthy subjects were included as controls. PCR-RFLP was applied to detect the SNPs. The G allele frequency of rs10865710 in NAFLD group (41.1%) was significantly higher than that (34.8%) in controls (p = 0.03). Differences in other two loci (rs7649970 and rs1801282) were not statistically significant between the two groups (p > 0.05). This result was confirmed by haplotype analysis. The GCC haplotype (a set of 3 adjacent SNPs in linkage disequilibrium, corresponding to the three alleles of above polymorphisms in order) was a risk factor for the susceptibility to NAFLD (p = 0.03). This study has revealed that the G allele of rs10865710 in the PPAR-γ gene is associated with the increased susceptibility to NAFLD. Our findings may provide novel diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets for NAFLD. © 2012 Tohoku University Medical Press.
Fructose intake during pregnancy up-regulates the expression of maternal and fetal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c in rats; Excess fructose consumption is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes and obesity. However, the impact of fructose intake on maternal and fetal lipid metabolism during pregnancy is not known. The aim of this study was to examine whether maternal fructose intake during pregnancy would affect fetal and maternal hepatic lipid metabolism. Pregnant Wistar rats were randomly divided into untreated control and fructose-treated groups; the fructose-treated group received fructose via drinking water throughout pregnancy. On gestational day 20, glucose and insulin concentration in the maternal plasma were measured. The mRNA expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1c and its target genes in the liver of dams and fetuses were analyzed by real-time PCR. Significantly higher maternal plasma glucose levels, indicating hyperglycemia, was observed in the fructose-treated group than in the control group. Furthermore, the fructose-treated group showed significantly higher expression levels of both maternal and fetal SREBP-1c mRNA and protein and significantly elevated expression of fatty acid synthase; the group also showed reduced acyl-CoA oxidase levels in the maternal liver. Thus, our results suggest that maternal fructose intake during pregnancy causes maternal hyperglycemia and up-regulates hepatic SREBP-1c expression in both fetuses and dams. This may lead to defects in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in the adult offspring. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
What is the role of adiponectin in obesity related non-alcoholic fatty liver disease?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is recognized as the most common type of chronic liver disease in Western countries. Insulin resistance is a key factor in the pathogenesis of NAFLD, the latter being considered as the hepatic component of insulin resistance or obesity. Adiponectin is the most abundant adipose-specific adipokine. There is evidence that adiponectin decreases hepatic and systematic insulin resistance, and attenuates liver inflammation and fibrosis. Adiponectin generally predicts steatosis grade and the severity of NAFLD; however, to what extent this is a direct effect or related to the presence of more severe insulin resistance or obesity remains to be addressed. Although there is no proven pharmacotherapy for the treatment of NAFLD, recent therapeutic strategies have focused on the indirect upregulation of adiponectin through the administration of various therapeutic agents and/ or lifestyle modifications. In this adiponectin-focused review, the pathogenetic role and the potential therapeutic benefits of adiponectin in NAFLD are analyzed systematically. © 2013 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Developmental Plasticity, Epigenetics and Human Health; The unrelenting rise in global rates of non-communicable disease has necessitated a thorough re-evaluation of the current use of adult- and lifestyle-based strategies to curb the growing epidemic. There is a rapidly emerging set of epidemiological, experimental and clinical data suggesting that developmental factors play a considerable role in determining individual disease risk later in life. This phenomenon is known as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD). Developmental factors, such as maternal and paternal nutrition, gestational diabetes mellitus, and even the normative range of developmental experiences, may evoke the processes of developmental plasticity which enable an organism to change its developmental trajectory in response to environmental cues. However in the event of a mismatch between the early and mature environment, such anticipatory responses may become maladaptive and lead to elevated risk of disease. The evo-devo and eco-evo-devo framework for DOHaD has more recently been supported by mechanistic insights enabled by rapid advances in epigenetic research. Increasing evidence suggests that developmental plasticity may be effected by epigenetically mediated modulation of the expression of specific genes. These mechanisms include DNA methylation, histone modifications and noncoding RNA activity. A growing number of animal studies also point towards the transgenerational inheritance of epigenetic marks, which may have implications for the perpetuation of ill-health. However early-life epigenotyping may find utility as a prognostic marker of metabolic dysfunction for identification and treatment of at-risk individuals. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Healthful dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background : Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has reached epidemic proportions. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for T2DM after pregnancy. Adherence to healthful dietary patterns has been inversely associated with T2DM in the general population; however, whether these dietary patterns are associated with progression to T2DM among a susceptible population is unknown. Methods: Four thousand four hundred thirteen participants from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort with prior GDM were followed up from 1991 to 2005. We derived the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary pattern adherence scores from apost-GDMvalidated food-frequency questionnaire, with cumulative average updating every 4 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated the relative risk (hazard ratios) and 95% confidence intervals. Results: We observed 491 cases of incident T2DM during 52 743 person-years. All 3 patterns were inversely associated with T2DM risk with adjustment for age, total calorie intake, age at first birth, parity, ethnicity, parental diabetes, oral contraceptive use, menopause, and smoking. When we compared participants with the highest adherence (quartile 4) vs lowest (quartile 1), the aMED pattern was associated with 40% lower risk of T2DM (hazard ratio, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.44-0.82; P =.002]); the DASH pattern, with 46% lower risk (0.54 [0.39-0.73; P < .001]); and the aHEI pattern, with 57% lower risk (0.43 [0.31- 0.59; P < .001]). Adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated these findings. Conclusions: Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with lower T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. The inverse associations are partly mediated by body mass index. ©2012 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
The association of inflammatory and fibrinolytic proteins with 5 year change in insulin clearance: The Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS); Aims/hypothesis: Insulin clearance may decline as an early mechanism compensating for deteriorating insulin sensitivity. However, no previous studies have investigated the association between subclinical inflammation or impaired fibrinolysis and insulin clearance. We examined the association between plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1, C-reactive protein (CRP), TNF-α, leptin and fibrinogen and the progression of metabolic clearance rate of insulin (MCRI) over time. Methods: We studied 784 non-diabetic white, Hispanic and African-American individuals in the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS). Insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response and MCRI were determined from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests at baseline and at 5-year follow-up. Inflammatory and fibrinolytic proteins were measured in fasting plasma at baseline. Results: MCRI had declined significantly by 29% at the 5-year follow-up. We observed a significant association between higher plasma PAI-1 levels and the decline in MCRI in multivariable-adjusted regression models (β = -0.045 [95% CI -0.081, -0.0091]). Higher plasma CRP and leptin levels were associated with a decline in MCRI in unadjusted models, but these associations were non-significant after adjusting for BMI and waist circumference (β = -0.016 [95% CI -0.041, 0.0083] for CRP; β = -0.044 [95% CI -0.10, 0.011] for leptin). A higher plasma TNF-α concentration was associated with a decline in MCRI in unadjusted (β = -0.071 [95% CI -0.14, -0.00087]) but not in multivariable-adjusted (β = -0.056 [95% CI -0.13, 0.017]) models. Plasma fibrinogen level was not associated with the change in MCRI. Conclusions/interpretation: We identified that higher plasma PAI-1 (but not CRP, TNF-α, leptin or fibrinogen) levels independently predicted the progressive decline of insulin clearance in the multiethnic cohort of the IRAS. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Contrasting effects of type 2 and type 1 diabetes on plasma RBP4 levels: The significance of transthyretin; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is the principle carrier of retinol in the human plasma, which circulates as a complex with transthyretin (TTR), a homotetrameric thyroxine transport protein. Although this complex formation is thought to prevent glomerular filtration of RBP4, it also stabilizes the quaternary structure of TTR. Recent studies indicate elevated plasma levels of RBP4 in type 2 diabetes (T2D). In contrast, reduced RBP4 levels were observed in type 1 diabetes (T1D). Herein, we critically examine the probable mechanisms involved in the regulation of RBP4 and TTR levels during T2D and T1D. The available evidences point to the involvement of pancreatic factors in regulating the expression of both RBP4 and TTR. It appears that during T1D, TTR levels are reduced and it exists predominantly as a monomer that may interfere its interaction with RBP4 resulting in its loss through glomerular filtration. However, plasma TTR levels remain high under T2D conditions and thus reducing glomerular filtration of RBP4. Therefore, the plasma TTR levels appear to be an important determinant of plasma RBP4 levels in these two diabetic conditions. © 2012 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Adipocyte iron regulates adiponectin and insulin sensitivity; Iron overload is associated with increased diabetes risk. We therefore investigated the effect of iron on adiponectin, an insulin-sensitizing adipokine that is decreased in diabetic patients. In humans, normal-range serum ferritin levels were inversely associated with adiponectin, independent of inflammation. Ferritin was increased and adiponectin was decreased in type 2 diabetic and in obese diabetic subjects compared with those in equally obese individuals without metabolic syndrome. Mice fed a high-iron diet and cultured adipocytes treated with iron exhibited decreased adiponectin mRNA and protein. We found that iron negatively regulated adiponectin transcription via FOXO1-mediated repression. Further, loss of the adipocyte iron export channel, ferroportin, in mice resulted in adipocyte iron loading, decreased adiponectin, and insulin resistance. Conversely, organismal iron overload and increased adipocyte ferroportin expression because of hemochromatosis are associated with decreased adipocyte iron, increased adiponectin, improved glucose tolerance, and increased insulin sensitivity. Phlebotomy of humans with impaired glucose tolerance and ferritin values in the highest quartile of normal increased adiponectin and improved glucose tolerance. These findings demonstrate a causal role for iron as a risk factor for metabolic syndrome and a role for adipocytes in modulating metabolism through adiponectin in response to iron stores.
The relation of serum chemerin levels with parameters of metabolic syndrome between pregnant women with gestationl diabetes and normal pregnant women; Introduction: Chemerin as a new adipokine has recently been studied for its crucial role in adipocyte differentiation and insulin signaling. In this study, chemerin levels were determined in the serum of pregnant women of the same gestational age with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compared with those of healthy pregnant women for their impact on the metabolic process and incidence of gestational diabetics. Materials and Methods: After obtaining a written consent of each individual, totally 200 serum samples were collected from the healthy and gestationally diabetic pregnant women groups. In addition to chemerin, other effective biochemical and metabolic factors of carbohydrate and lipid were determined. Leptin content of cord blood was measured in 100 infants from healthy (50) and gestational diabetes (50) groups. Results: Mean serum chemerin levels of pregnant women with gestational diabetes (152.4±46.5 μg/dl) were significantly higher (p<0.001) in comparision with those of non-diabetic pregnant women (128.7±43.7 μg/dl). Serum chemerin levels were significantly associated with metabolic syndromerelated parameters, including body mass index (BMI) (P<0.05), Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) (P<0.001), fasting insulin (P<0.001) and fasting blood (p<0.01) was conducted. Serum chemerin was not significantly correlated with cord blood leptin. Conclusion: Serum chemerin levels were higher in pregnant women with gestational diabetes than their nondiabetic pregnant counterparts. Serum chemerin was also independently associated with markers of insulin resistance, and body mass index. Leptin, biochemical and metabolic parameters of mother's infants were not correlated between the two groups.
Pioglitazone therapy in mouse offspring exposed to maternal obesity; Objective: Pioglitazone (PIO), an antidiabetic drug of the thiazolidinedione family, improves glucose and lipid metabolism in muscle, adipose, and liver tissues via peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma activation. We hypothesize that PIO therapy will improve the metabolic status of offspring exposed to maternal obesity in a mouse model developmentally programmed for metabolic syndrome. Study Design: CD-1 female mice were fed a high-fat diet for 3 months prior to breeding and throughout pregnancy and lactation. The pups were weaned to a standard-fat diet. Offspring were randomly assigned to receive 40 mg/kg of PIO in 0.5% of methyl cellulose or 0.5% methyl cellulose by daily oral gavage for 2 weeks. The pre- and posttreatment total body weights of the pups were recorded. Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue were evaluated using microcomputed tomography. Serum analytes were measured. After treatment, minimally invasive microendoscopic fluorescence confocal imaging and intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests were performed. The data were analyzed using appropriate statistical tests (significance, P <.05). Results: PIO therapy resulted in lower total body weight and lower visceral adipose tissue gain and increased subcutaneous adipose tissue. PIO significantly lowered triglycerides, insulin levels, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in males and fasting glucose in females. There was a trend toward larger adipocyte size. Conclusion: Short-term PIO therapy in the offspring of obese mothers attenuates metabolic changes associated with the developmental programming of metabolic syndrome. These novel data suggest a potential role for drugs that activate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma receptors to prevent metabolic syndrome in the adult offspring at risk to develop metabolic alterations. © 2013 Mosby, Inc.
Biological role, clinical significance, and therapeutic possibilities of the recently discovered metabolic hormone fibroblastic growth factor 21; Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), a 181 amino acid circulating protein, is a member of the FGF superfamily, with relevant metabolic actions. It acts through the interaction with specific FGF receptors and a cofactor called β-Klotho, whose expression is predominantly detected in metabolically active organs. FGF21 stimulates glucose uptake in adipocytes via the induction of glucose transporter-1. This action is additive and independent of insulin. β-Cell function and survival are preserved, and glucagon secretion is reduced by this protein, thus decreasing hepatic glucose production and improving insulin sensitivity. Lipid profile has been shown to be improved by FGF21 in several animal models. FGF21 increases energy expenditure in rodents and induces weight loss in diabetic nonhuman primates. It also exerts favorable effects on hepatic steatosis and reduces tissue lipid content in rodents. Adaptive metabolic responses to fasting, including stimulation of ketogenesis and fatty acid oxidation, seem to be partially mediated by FGF21. In humans, serum FGF21 concentrations have been found elevated in insulin-resistant states, such as impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes. FGF21 levels are correlated with hepatic insulin resistance index, fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, and blood glucose after an oral glucose tolerance test. A relationship between FGF21 levels and long-term diabetic complications, such as nephropathy and carotid atheromatosis, has been reported. FGF21 levels decreased in diabetic patients after starting therapy with insulin or oral agents. Increased FGF21 serum levels have also been found to be associated with obesity. In children, it is correlated with BMI and leptin levels, whereas in adults, FGF21 levels are mainly related to several components of the metabolic syndrome. Serum FGF21 levels have been found to be elevated in patients with ischemic heart disease. In patients with renal disease, FGF21 levels exhibited a progressive increase as renal function deteriorates. Circulating FGF21 levels seem to be related to insulin resistance and inflammation in dialysis patients. In summary, FGF21 is a recently identified hormone with antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic, and thermogenic properties. Direct or indirect potentiation of its effects might be a potential therapeutic target in insulin-resistant states. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology.
Perinatal programming of neuroendocrine mechanisms connecting feeding behavior and stress; Feeding behavior is closely regulated by neuroendocrine mechanisms that can be influenced by stressful life events. However, the feeding response to stress varies among individuals with some increasing and others decreasing food intake after stress. In addition to the impact of acute lifestyle and genetic backgrounds, the early life environment can have a life-long influence on neuroendocrine mechanisms connecting stress to feeding behavior and may partially explain these opposing feeding responses to stress. In this review I will discuss the perinatal programming of adult hypothalamic stress and feeding circuitry. Specifically I will address how early life (prenatal and postnatal) nutrition, early life stress, and the early life hormonal profile can program the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, the endocrine arm of the body's response to stress long-term and how these changes can, in turn, influence the hypothalamic circuitry responsible for regulating feeding behavior. Thus, over- or under-feeding and/or stressful events during critical windows of early development can alter glucocorticoid (GC) regulation of the HPA axis, leading to changes in the GC influence on energy storage and changes in GC negative feedback on HPA axis-derived satiety signals such as corticotropin-releasing-hormone. Furthermore, peripheral hormones controlling satiety, such as leptin and insulin are altered by early life events, and can be influenced, in early life and adulthood, by stress. Importantly, these neuroendocrine signals act as trophic factors during development to stimulate connectivity throughout the hypothalamus. The interplay between these neuroendocrine signals, the perinatal environment, and activation of the stress circuitry in adulthood thus strongly influences feeding behavior and may explain why individuals have unique feeding responses to similar stressors. © 2013 Spencer.
Treatment with constitutive androstane receptor ligand during pregnancy prevents insulin resistance in offspring from high-fat diet-induced obese pregnant mice; The constitutive androstane receptor (CAR) has been reported to decrease insulin resistance even during pregnancy, while exposure to a high-fat diet (HFD) in utero in mice can induce a type 2 diabetes phenotype that can be transmitted to the progeny. Therefore, we examined whether treatment with a CAR ligand during pregnancy could prevent hypertension, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia in the offspring from HFD-induced obese pregnant mice (OH mice). We employed four groups of offspring from HFD-fed and control diet-fed pregnant mice with or without treatment with a CAR ligand. Treatment with a CAR ligand during pregnancy improved glucose tolerance and the levels of triglyceride and adipocytokine and restored the changes induced by HFD with amelioration of hypertension in the adult OH mice. This treatment also increased adiponectin mRNA expression, suppressed leptin expression in adipose tissues of OH mice, and abolished the effect of HFD on the epigenetic modifications of the genes encoding adiponectin and leptin in the offspring during immaturity and adulthood. Our data suggest that CAR might be a potential therapeutic target to prevent metabolic syndrome in adulthood of offspring exposed to an HFD in utero. © 2012 the American Physiological Society.
Serum retinol-binding protein, obesity, and insulin resistance; Increased adipose mass, which is associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (Kahn and Flier 2000), is characterized by the impaired ability of insulin to reduce glucose output in the liver and to augment glucose uptake in adipose and muscle tissues (Saltiel and Khan 2001). The excess energy stored in adipose tissue plays a major role in the maintenance of whole-body energy homeostasis. It is well established that adipose tissues not only serve as inert energy storage depots but also secrete a number of signaling factors into the circulation, such as C-reactive protein, leptin, resistin, adiponectin, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNFα), and others (Rajala and Scherer 2003). These factors are believed to be involved in the development of insulin resistance. Another such signaling factor, retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP4), a protein whose only function was thought to be the delivery of retinol (vitamin A) to tissues, was recently implicated as an adipokine in insulin resistance (Yang et al. 2005). This chapter summarizes the evidence gathered from studies in mice and humans on the linkage between RBP4, obesity, and insulin resistance. © 2014 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Association of chronic viral hepatitis B with insulin resistance; Aim: To investigate the relationship between chronic viral hepatitis B (CVHB) and insulin resistance (IR) in Korean adults. Methods: A total of 7880 adults (3851 men, 4029 women) who underwent a comprehensive medical examination were enrolled in this study. Subjects diagnosed with either diabetes mellitus, or any other disorder that could influence their insulin sensitivity, were rejected. Anthropometry, metabolic risk factors, hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B surface antibody, hepatitis B core antibody, fasting plasma glucose and insulin were measured for all subjects. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), quantitative insulin check index (QUICKI), and Mffm index were used for determining insulin sensitivity. Each participant was categorized into a negative, recovery, or CVHB group. To compare variables between groups, a t-test and/or one-way analysis of variance were used. Partial correlation coefficients were computed to present the association between insulin resistance and other variables. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to assess the independent association between CVHB and IR. Results: The mean age of men and women were 48.9 and 48.6 years, respectively. Subjects in the CVHB group had significantly higher waist circumference [(86.0 ± 7.7 cm vs 87.3 ± 7.8 cm, P = 0.004 in men), (78.3 ± 8.6 cm vs 80.5 ± 8.5 cm, P < 0.001 in women)], cystatin C [(0.96 ± 0.15 mg/dL vs 1.02 ± 0.22 mg/dL, P < 0.001 in men), (0.84 ± 0.15 mg/dL vs 0.90 ± 0.16 mg/dL, P < 0.001 in women)], fasting insulin [(5.47 ± 3.38 μU/mL vs 6.12 ± 4.62 μU/mL, P < 0.001 in men), (4.57 ± 2.82 μU/mL vs 5.06 ± 3.10 μU/mL, P < 0.001 in women)] and HOMA index [(1.24 ± 0.86 vs 1.43 ± 1.24, P < 0.001 in men), (1.02 ± 0.76 vs 1.13 ± 0.87, P = 0.033 in women)] compared to control group. The HOMA index revealed a positive correlation with body mass index (BMI) (r = 0.378, P < 0.001), waist circumference (r =0.356, P < 0.001), percent body fat (r = 0.296, P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (r = 0.202, P < 0.001), total cholesterol (r = 0.134, P < 0.001), triglycerides (r = 0.292, P < 0.001), cystatin C (r = 0.069, P < 0.001) and uric acid (r = 0.142, P < 0.001). The QUICKI index revealed a negative correlation with BMI (r = -0.254, P < 0.001), waist circumference (r = 0-0.243, P < 0.001), percent body fat (r = -0.217, P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (r = -0.132, P < 0.001), total cholesterol (r = -0.106, P < 0.001), triglycerides (r = -0.205, P < 0.001), cystatin C (r = -0.044, P < 0.001) and uric acid (r = -0.096, P < 0.001). For subjects identified with IR, the odds ratio of an accompanying diagnosis of chronic hepatitis B was 1.534 (95% CI: 1.158-2.031, HOMA index criteria) or 1.566 (95% CI: 1.124-2.182, QUICKI criteria) after adjustment for age, gender, BMI, and amount of alcohol consumption. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that CVHB is associated with IR. CVHB may need to be monitored for occurrence of IR and diabetes mellitus. © 2012 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Obesity and insulin resistance: An abridged molecular ccorrelation; A relationship between obesity and type 2 diabetes is now generally well accepted. This relationship represents several major health hazards including morbid obesity and cardiovascular complications worldwide. Diabetes mellitus is a complex metabolic disorder characterized by impaired insulin release and insulin resistance. Lipids play an important physiological role in skeletal muscle, heart, liver and pancreas. Deregulation of fatty acid metabolism is the main culprit for developing insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. A predominant predisposing factor to developing obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes is the permanent elevation of free fatty acids in plasma followed by impaired utilization of lipids by muscle. Diabetes-induced inflammation and oxidative stress have also vital role for development of insulin resistance in diabetic patients. The present review is intended to describe the correlation between lipids, obesity and insulin resistance based on current literature, in order to elucidate involved molecular mechanisms in depth. © the author(s), publisher and licensee Libertas Academica Ltd.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induces fatty liver and glucose intolerance in rats; Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation are health risks for mother and offspring. Both fructose (FR) and low-protein (LP) diets are linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in nonpregnant animals. We hypothesized that dietary FR or LP intake during pregnancy may exacerbate the already compromised glucose homeostasis to induce gestational diabetes and fatty liver. Therefore, we investigated and compared the effects of LP or FR intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in unmated controls (CTs) and pregnant and lactating rats. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a CT, or a 63% FR, or an 8% LP diet. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of the study revealed greater (P < .05) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 mg/dL vs 64.0 ± 4.8 mg/dL) minutes and 20 (72.4 mg/dL vs 58.6 ± 4.0 mg/dL) minutes after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 mgbullet operatordL-1{bullet operator}min-1 vs 3763.4 ± 263.6 mg{bullet operator}dL-1{bullet operator}min-1) for FR-fed dams compared with CT-fed dams. The rats were euthanized at 21 days postpartum. Both the FR- and LP-fed dams had enlarged (P < .05) livers (9.3%, 7.1% body weight vs 4.8% ± 0.2% body weight) and elevated (P < .05) liver triacylglycerol (216.0, 130.0 mg/g vs 19.9 ± 12.6 mg/g liver weight) compared with CT-fed dams. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats, but not unmated CT rats. The data demonstrate a unique physiological status response to diet resulting in the development of gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in FR-fed dams, which is more severe than an LP diet. © 2012 Elsevier Inc..
Little and Falace's Dental Management of the Medically Compromised Patient, Eighth Edition; Learn how common medical conditions can affect the course of the dental treatment a patient receives. This updated, concise reference provides the information you need to provide appropriate dental care to any patient, regardless of existing medical conditions. Featuring vivid illustrations and well-organized tables in each chapter, this text gives you the in-depth details and the overall summaries you need to get to the root of your patients' needs. © 2013 by Mosby, an imprint of Elsevier Inc.
Diabetes as a complication of adipose tissue dysfunction. Is there a role for potential new biomarkers?; Increasing incidence of type 2 diabetes is a major health problem of the modern world and requires new diagnostic tools to assess early metabolic disorders, particularly insulin resistance. The link between obesity, inflammation and insulin resistance indicates the important secretory role of adipose tissue. Proinflammatory factors (cytokines, adipokines) produced by enlarged adipose tissue are related to impaired glucose metabolism. Adipokines act as paracrine factors in adipose tissue and as endocrine hormones in the liver, muscles and central nervous system. Novel adipokines secreted from adipocytes such as retinol binding protein-4 (RBP-4), vaspin, omentin, chemerin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP) and dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP4) demonstrate pleiotropic activity and their insulin-sensitizing or enhancing insulin resistance properties have not been clearly confirmed yet. In spite of the lack of standardized automated assay methods currently available for these novel biomarkers, promising results from several studies emphasize that they might potentially be useful prognostic factors for diabetes and its complications, especially in individuals without the typical symptoms of metabolic syndrome.
Cardiometabolic aspects of the polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the mostcommonendocrine disorder amongstwomenof reproductive age and is associated with various metabolic perturbations, in addition to chronic anovulation and factors related to androgen excess. In general, women live longer than men and develop cardiovascular disease at an older age. However, women with PCOS, as compared with age-and body mass index-matched women without the syndrome, appear to have a higher risk of insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and an increased prothrombotic state, possibly resulting in a higher rate of type 2 diabetes mellitus, fatty liver disease, subclinical atherosclerosis, vascular dysfunction, and finally cardiovascular disease and mortality. Further alterations in PCOS include an increased prevalence of sleep apnea, as well as various changes in the secretion and/or function of adipokines, adipose tissue-derived proinflammatory factors and gut hormones, all of them with direct or indirect influences on the complex signaling network that regulates metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and energy homeostasis. Reviews on the cardiometabolic aspects of PCOS are rare, and our knowledge from recent studies is expanding rapidly. Therefore, it is the aim of the present review to discuss and to summarize the current knowledge, focusing on the alterations of cardiometabolic factors in women with PCOS. Further insight into this network of factors may facilitate finding therapeutic targets that should ameliorate not only ovarian dysfunction but also the various cardiometabolic alterations related to the syndrome. © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
The molecular mechanisms of offspring effects from obese pregnancy; The incidence of obesity, increased weight gain and the popularity of high-fat / high-sugar diets are seriously impacting upon the global population. Billions of individuals are affected, and although diet and lifestyle are of paramount importance to the development of adult obesity, compelling evidence is emerging which suggests that maternal obesity and related disorders may be passed on to the next generation by non-genetic means. The processes acting within the uteri of obese mothers may permanently predispose offspring to a diverse plethora of diseases ranging from obesity and diabetes to psychiatric disorders. This review aims to summarise some of the molecular mechanisms and active processes currently known about maternal obesity and its effect on foetal and neonatal physiology and metabolism. Complex and multifactorial networks of molecules are intertwined and culminate in a pathologically synergistic manner to cause disruption and disorganisation of foetal physiology. This altered phenotype may potentiate the cycle of intergenerational transmission of obesity and related disorders. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg.
Adiponectin receptors in energy homeostasis and obesity pathogenesis; Adipokines, that is factors secreted by adipose tissue, act through a network of autocrine, paracrine, and endocrine pathways to regulate several aspects of physiology, including glucose and lipid metabolism, neuroendocrine function, reproduction, and cardiovascular function. In particular, adiponectin, a 30-kDa protein, is associated with the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and its levels in serum are affected by altered metabolic homeostasis. Adiponectin effects are mediated by adiponectin receptors, which occur as two isoforms (AdipoR1 and AdipoR2). Transcriptional regulation of adiponectin is by the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-γ). However, acting through AdipoR1 and AdipoR2, adiponectin enhances 5′ adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and the PPARα-mediated pathways in the liver and skeletal muscles. Adiponectin receptors mediate a wide spectrum of metabolic reactions, including gluconeogenesis and fatty-acid oxidation. Altogether, adiponectin deficiency and/or decreased adiponectin receptor-mediated activity possibly contribute to insulin resistance in metabolic syndromes, coronary heart disease, and liver disease. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Metformin revisited - an 'old' drug with a 'new' beginning; Acting as a weak activator of AMP-activated protein kinase, metformin has established itself as a cost-effective first line agent in the management of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Besides slowing progression to this condition, its use is associated with improved survival and lower rates of myocardial infarction in T2DM, as well as benefits in stable patients with heart failure. Metformin may play a valuable role in early nephropathy, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and as adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. It is increasingly advocated in patients with gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Its role as an anti-cancer agent remains controversial.
Perinatal nutrition programs neuroimmune function long-term: Mechanisms and implications; Our early life nutritional environment can influence several aspects of physiology, including our propensity to become obese. There is now evidence to suggest perinatal diet can also independently influence development of our innate immune system. This review will address three not-necessarily-exclusive mechanisms by which perinatal nutrition can program neuroimmune function long-term: by predisposing the individual to obesity, by altering the gut microbiota, and by inducing epigenetic modifications that alter gene transcription throughout life. © 2013 Spencer.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance in pregnant women: A randomized controlled trial; Background/objectives: Owing to excess body weight and increased secretion of inflammatory cytokines primarily during the third trimester, pregnancy is associated with elevated insulin resistance. To our knowledge, no report is available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum insulin levels in pregnant women. This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance and serum insulin levels of Iranian pregnant women. Subjects/methods: In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 70 primigravida pregnant women with singleton pregnancy at their third trimester were participated. We randomly assigned participants to consume 200 g per day of conventional (n=33) or the probiotic group (n=37) for 9 weeks. The probiotic yoghurt was a commercially available product prepared with the starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus, enriched with probiotic culture of two strains of lactobacilli (Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5) and bifidobacteria (Bifidobacterium animalis BB12) with a total of min 1 × 10 7 colony-forming units. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 9-week intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin levels. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to calculate insulin resistance score. Results: Although consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks did not affect serum insulin levels and HOMA-IR score, significant differences were found comparing changes in these variables between probiotic and conventional yogurts (changes from baseline in serum insulin levels: +1.2±1.2 vs +5.0±1.1 μIU/ml, respectively, P=0.02; and in HOMA-IR score: -0.2±0.3 vs 0.7±0.2, respectively, P=0.01). Conclusions: It is concluded that in contrast to conventional yogurt, daily consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks maintains serum insulin levels and might help pregnant women prevent developing insulin resistance. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Do thiazolidinediones still have a role in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus?; Thiazolidinediones have been introduced in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) since the late 1990s. Although troglitazone was withdrawn from the market a few years later due to liver toxicity, both rosiglitazone and pioglitazone gained widespread use for T2DM treatment. In 2010, however, due to increased risk of cardiovascular events associated with its use, the European Medicines Agency recommended suspension of rosiglitazone use and the Food and Drug Administration severely restricted its use. Thus pioglitazone is the only thiazolidinedione still significantly employed for treating T2DM and it is the only molecule of this class still listed in the American Diabetes Association-European Association for the Study of Diabetes 2012 Position Statement. However, as for the other thiazolidinediones, use of pioglitazone is itself limited by several side effects, some of them potentially dangerous. This, together with the development of novel therapeutic strategies approved in the last couple of years, has made it questionable whether or not thiazolidinediones (namely pioglitazone) should still be used in the treatment of T2DM. This article will attempt to formulate an answer to this question by critically reviewing the available data on the numerous advantages and the potentially worrying shortcomings of pioglitazone treatment in T2DM. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal inactivity: 45-year trends in mothers' use of time; Objective: To examine 45-year trends in time use and physical activity energy expenditure (PAEE) in a nationally representative sample of US mothers. Participants and Methods: We quantified time allocation to physical activity (PA), sedentary behaviors (SED), and PAEE from 1965 to 2010 in mothers with older children (MOC) (≥5 to ≤18 years) and mothers with younger children (MYC) (≤5 years). Physical activity was the sum of time allocated to housework, child care, laundry, food preparation, postmeal cleanup, and exercise. Sedentary behavior was the sum of time spent in a vehicle and using screen-based media. Physical activity energy expenditure was calculated using body weights from national surveys and metabolic equivalents. Results: From 1965 to 2010, the time allocated to PA decreased by 11.1 h/wk (from 32.0 to 20.9 h/wk) in MOC and by 13.9 h/wk (from 43.6 to 29.7 h/wk) in MYC. The time spent in SED increased by 7.0 h/wk in MOC (from 17.7 to 24.7 h/wk) and increased by 5.7 h/wk in MYC (from 17.0 to 22.7 h/wk). Physical activity energy expenditure decreased by 1237.6 kcal/wk (176.8 kcal/d) in MOC (from 5835.3 to 4597.7 kcal/wk), and in MYC, PAEE decreased by 1572.5 kcal/wk (224.6 kcal/d), from 7690.5 to 6118.0 kcal/wk. Conclusion: There was a significant reallocation of time by mothers from PA (eg, housework) to SED (eg, watching television) between 1965 and 2010. Given the essential role of PA for health and the potential for the intergenerational transmission of obesity and obesogenic behaviors, these results suggest that maternal inactivity may be an important target for the primary prevention of chronic noncommunicable diseases and obesity. © 2013 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research.
A newly identified polysaccharide from Ganoderma atrum attenuates hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia; A polysaccharide from Ganoderma atrum (PSG-1) was purified and characterized, and its hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects were investigated in high fat diet- and streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats. Oral administration of PSG-1 at 200 or 400. mg/kg body weight significantly reduced fasting blood glucose and serum insulin levels. PSG-1 significantly decreased the levels of serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, free fatty acid and insulin resistance, and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level and insulin sensitivity. In addition, PSG-1 inhibited the expression of pro-apoptotic protein, Bax and increased the expression of anti-apoptotic protein, Bcl-2 in pancreatic cells, suggesting that PSG-1 exerted a protective role in the pancreas of diabetic rats. These results indicated that PSG-1 may have a potential for the treatment of hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
FOXM1 (Forkhead box M1) in tumorigenesis. Overexpression in human cancer, implication in tumorigenesis, oncogenic functions, tumor-suppressive properties, and target of anticancer therapy; FOXM1 (Forkhead box M1) is a typical proliferation-associated transcription factor and is also intimately involved in tumorigenesis. FOXM1 stimulates cell proliferation and cell cycle progression by promoting the entry into S-phase and M-phase. Additionally, FOXM1 is required for proper execution of mitosis. In accordance with its role in stimulation of cell proliferation, FOXM1 exhibits a proliferation-specific expression pattern and its expression is regulated by proliferation and anti-proliferation signals as well as by proto-oncoproteins and tumor suppressors. Since these factors are often mutated, overexpressed, or lost in human cancer, the normal control of the foxm1 expression by them provides the basis for deregulated FOXM1 expression in tumors. Accordingly, FOXM1 is overexpressed in many types of human cancer. FOXM1 is intimately involved in tumorigenesis, because it contributes to oncogenic transformation and participates in tumor initiation, growth, and progression, including positive effects on angiogenesis, migration, invasion, epithelial-mesenchymal transition, metastasis, recruitment of tumor-associated macrophages, tumor-associated lung inflammation, self-renewal capacity of cancer cells, prevention of premature cellular senescence, and chemotherapeutic drug resistance. However, in the context of urethane-induced lung tumorigenesis, FOXM1 has an unexpected tumor suppressor role in endothelial cells because it limits pulmonary inflammation and canonical Wnt signaling in epithelial lung cells, thereby restricting carcinogenesis. Accordingly, FOXM1 plays a role in homologous recombination repair of DNA double-strand breaks and maintenance of genomic stability, that is, prevention of polyploidy and aneuploidy. The implication of FOXM1 in tumorigenesis makes it an attractive target for anticancer therapy, and several antitumor drugs have been reported to decrease FOXM1 expression. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
The long-term effects of birth by caesarean section: The case for a randomised controlled trial; Birth by caesarean section is rising rapidly around the world and is associated with a range of adverse short and long-term outcomes in offspring. The latter include features of the metabolic syndrome, type-1 diabetes, and asthma. Though there are several plausible candidate biological mechanisms, evidence of a causal relationship between mode of delivery and long-term outcomes remains lacking. Here we review the evidence to date, and examine ways in which future studies might advance understanding. We conclude that a randomised controlled trial of mode of delivery for the healthy term, cephalic pregnancy, is neither unethical nor unfeasible and should be seriously considered as the optimum means of addressing a question of great relevance to public health. © 2012 .
What do magnetic resonance-based measurements of Pi→ATP flux tell us about skeletal muscle metabolism?; Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) methods offer a potentially valuable window into cellular metabolism. Measurement of flux between inorganic phosphate (Pi) and ATP using 31P MRS magnetization transfer has been used in resting muscle to assess what is claimed to be mitochondrial ATP synthesis and has been particularly popular in the study of insulin effects and insulin resistance. However, the measured Pi→ATP flux in resting skeletal muscle is far higher than the true rate of oxidative ATP synthesis, being dominated by a glycolytically mediated Pi↔ATP exchange reaction that is unrelated to mitochondrial function. Furthermore, even if measured accurately, the ATP production rate in resting muscle has no simple relationship to mitochondrial capacity as measured either ex vivo or in vivo. We summarize the published measurements of Pi→ATP flux, concentrating on work relevant to diabetes and insulin, relate it to current understanding of the physiology of mitochondrial ATP synthesis and glycolytic Pi↔ATP exchange, and discuss some possible implications of recently reported correlations between Pi→ATP flux and other physiological measures. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association.
The role of adiponectin in cancer: A review of current evidence; Excess body weight is associated not only with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) but also with various types of malignancies. Adiponectin, the most abundant protein secreted by adipose tissue, exhibits insulin-sensitizing, antiinflammatory, antiatherogenic, proapoptotic, and antiproliferative properties. Circulating adiponectin levels, which are determined predominantly by genetic factors, diet, physical activity, and abdominal adiposity, are decreased in patients with diabetes, CVD, and several obesity-associated cancers. Also, adiponectin levels are inversely associated with the risk of developing diabetes, CVD, and several malignancies later in life. Many cancer cell lines express adiponectin receptors, and adiponectin in vitro limits cell proliferation and induces apoptosis. Recent in vitro studies demonstrate the antiangiogenic and tumor growth-limiting properties of adiponectin. Studies in both animals and humans have investigated adiponectin and adiponectin receptor regulation and expression in several cancers. Current evidence supports a role of adiponectin as a novel risk factor and potential diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in cancer. In addition, either adiponectin per se or medications that increase adiponectin levels or up-regulate signaling pathways downstream of adiponectin may prove to be useful anticancer agents. This review presents the role of adiponectin in carcinogenesis and cancer progression and examines the pathophysiological mechanisms that underlie the association between adiponectin and malignancy in the context of a dysfunctional adipose tissue in obesity. Understanding of these mechanisms may be important for the development of preventive and therapeutic strategies against obesity-associated malignancies. © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
Are platelet volume indices of clinical use? A multidisciplinary review; Platelet size correlates with platelet activity and can be assessed by platelet volume indices (PVI). The PVI, mean platelet volume (MPV), is universally available with routine blood counts by automated hemograms and therefore is an attractive index to study in clinical scenarios. PVI are useful in assessing the etiology of thrombocytopenia. In addition, a normal platelet distribution width in the setting of thrombocytosis is highly suggestive of a reactive etiology. Higher MPV is also associated with the presence of cardiovascular risk factors, chest pain due to acute coronary syndrome, and adverse outcome after acute coronary syndrome. Results from studies evaluating MPV in patients with peripheral artery disease, unprovoked deep vein thrombosis, and pulmonary embolism further advocate a potential role for MPV in identifying patients at high risk of thrombosis. Nevertheless, most of these data come from retrospective studies some of which have small study populations and confounding factors influencing platelet volume. Moreover, the cut-off values derived from these retrospective studies have not been validated prospectively. Despite the potential for clinical utility evident from these studies, the above-mentioned flaws together with technical problems in measuring MPV currently limit its clinical usefulness. Our review provides a perspective on PVI's potential clinical use. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Red meat, dietary heme iron, and risk of type 2 diabetes: The involvement of advanced lipoxidation endproducts; There is growing evidence of disordered iron homeostasis in the diabetic condition, with links proposed between dietary iron intakes and both the risk of disease and the risk of complications of advanced disease. In the United States, Britain, and Canada, the largest dietary contributors of iron are cereals and cereal products and meat and meat products. This review discusses the findings of cohort studies and meta-analyses of heme iron and red meat intakes and the risk of type 2 diabetes. These suggest that processed red meat is associated with increased risk, with high intakes of red meat possibly also associated with a small increased risk. Historically, humans have relied on large quantities of heme iron and red meat in their diets, and therefore it is paradoxical that iron from meat sources should be associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes. A reason for this association may be drawn from studies of dietary advanced glycation and lipoxidation endproducts present in processed food and the mechanisms by which insulin output by pancreatic islet cells might be influenced by the protein modifications present in processed red meat. © 2013 American Society for Nutrition.
Green Tea Polyphenols Reduced Fat Deposits in High Fat-Fed Rats via erk1/2-PPARγ-Adiponectin Pathway; Objective: Hypoadiponectinemia contributes to the development of obesity and related disorders such as diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular diseases. In this study we investigated the effects of green tea polyphenols (GTPs) on adiponectin levels and fat deposits in high fat (HF) fed rats, the mechanism of signaling pathway was explored as well. Methods and Results: Male Wistar rats were fed with high-fat diet. GTPs (0.8, 1.6, 3.2 g/L) were administered via drinking water. Serum adiponectin and insulin were measured by ELISA, mRNA levels of adiponectin and PPARγ in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were determined by Real-time PCR, protein levels of PPARγ, phospho (p) - PPARγ, extracellular signal regulated kinase (erk) 1/2 and p-erk1/2 in VAT were determined by western blot. GTPs treatment attenuated the VAT accumulation, hypoadiponectinemia and the decreased mRNA level of adiponectin in VAT induced by HF. Decreased expression and increased phosphorylation of PPARγ (the master regulator of adiponectin), and increased activation of erk1/2 were observed in HF group, and these effects could be alleviated by GTPs treatment. To explore the underlying mechanism, VAT was cultured in DMEM with high glucose to mimic the hyperglycemia condition in vitro. Similar to the results of in vivo study, decreased adiponectin levels, decreased expression and increased phosphorylation of PPARγ, and elevated erk1/2 phosphorylation in cultured VAT were observed. These effects could be ameliorated by co-treatment with GTPs or PD98059 (a selective inhibitor of erk1/2). Conclusion: GTPs reduced fat deposit, ameliorated hypoadiponectinemia in HF-fed rats, and relieved high glucose-induced adiponectin decrease in VAT in vitro. The signaling pathway analysis indicated that PPARγ regulation mediated via erk1/2 pathway was involved. © 2013 Tian et al.
Mining of protein based biomarkers for type 2 diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus in general and Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) in particular, are very complex diseases with heterogeneous etiology. T2D results from the impaired secretion or action of the insulin with a clinical phenotype of persistent hyperglycemia in the uncontrolled subjects. The disease clinical features appear after several years of latent preclinical asymptomatic conditions. Thus, when the disease is full blown, there are limited chances to reverse the disease phenotype; however, it can be managed by controlling diet, changing life style and using medicines. Understanding pathological mechanisms whereby genetic and/or environmental factors contribute to the development of diabetes is important for the prevention and treatment of the disease. In this regard, approaches such as genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics and metabolomics are being applied to identify more specific biomarkers for T2D for its early detection, management and devising new therapies. The emphasis of the present review is to provide updates on the applications of proteomics in addressing T2D with a focus on protein based biomarker discovery. Moreover, the idea of personalized medicine and intervention is also discussed for diabetes treatment in proteomics perspective.
Renal, cardiovascular and metabolic effects of fetal programming; Disturbed fetal development has long-lasting effects on the offspring, specifically a higher risk of renal, cardiovascular and metabolic disease in adult life as postulated by Barker's hypothesis. Relevant to renal outcomes of the offspring are maternal factors such as pre-eclampsia, malnutrition, smoking, drugs etc. The main renal abnormalities in the offspring include reduced nephron number and higher risk of low glomerular filtration rate, albuminuria, hypertension and worse outcome of primary kidney disease. Relevant to renal outcomes is also the predisposition to obesity and type 2 diabetes. © The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of ERA-EDTA. All rights reserved.
Does inflammation determine whether obesity is metabolically healthy or unhealthy? the aging perspective; Obesity is a major health issue in developed as well as developing countries. While obesity is associated with relatively good health status in some individuals, it may become a health issue for others. Obesity in the context of inflammation has been studied extensively. However, whether obesity in its various forms has the same adverse effects is a matter of debate and requires further research. During its natural history, metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) converts into metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUHO). What causes this transition to occur and what is the role of obesity-related mediators of inflammation during this transition is discussed in this paper. © 2012 Iftikhar Alam et al.
IL-36 receptor antagonist with special emphasis on IL-38; IL-36 is another family member of IL-1 and induces the production of proinflammatory cytokines and activates MAPK and NFκB pathways. IL-36 is a common mediator of innate and adaptive immune response and is inhibited by IL-36 receptor antagonist (RA). IL-36RA acts on IL-36 receptor ligand which exerts proinflammatory effect in vivo and in vitro. IL-38 binds to IL-36 receptor as does IL-36RA and has similar biological effects on immune cells. IL-38 is also a member of IL-1 cytokine and shares some characteristics of IL-1RA, binding the same IL-1 receptor type I. IL-38 plays a role in the pathogenesis of inflammatory diseases, exerting protective effect in some autoimmune diseases. Both IL-38 and IL-36RA have an anti-inflammatory biological effect, however in some cases have contrary effects. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Animal models as tools to investigate antidiabetic and anti-inflammatory plants; Plants have been historically used for diabetes treatment and related anti-inflammatory activity throughout the world; few of them have been validated by scientific criteria. Recently, a large diversity of animal models has been developed for better understanding the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and its underlying inflammatory mechanism and new drugs have been introduced in the market to treat this disease. The aim of this work is to review the available animal models of diabetes and anti-inflammatory activity along with some in vitro models which have been used as tools to investigate the mechanism of action of drugs with potential antidiabetic properties and related anti-inflammatory mechanism. At present, the rigorous procedures for evaluation of conventional antidiabetic medicines have rarely been applied to test raw plant materials used as traditional treatments for diabetes; and natural products, mainly derived from plants, have been tested in chemically induced diabetes model. This paper contributes to design new strategies for the development of novel antidiabetic drugs and its related inflammatory activity in order to treat this serious condition which represents a global public health problem. © 2012 Mohamed Eddouks et al.
Serum Fetuin-A levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Purpose: The liver-derived Fetuin-A (α2-Heremans Schmid glycoprotein) is a circulating glycoprotein that may be related to insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). We aimed to investigate the Fetuin-A levels in patients with PCOS. Methods: A total of 88 women were included in the study. We measured the Fetuin-A levels in 44 women with PCOS and compared with 44 healthy women. Results: The mean age in control group was 28.61 ± 5.0 (18-38) and 25.5 ± 4.1 (17-36) in PCOS group. While there was statistically significant difference in terms of age and testosterone levels, there was no difference in terms of smoking status and BMI between the groups. Accordingly, women with PCOS were older than controls [28.61 ± 5.0 (18-38) and 25.5 ± 4.1 (17-36), respectively, p = 0.002]. The mean Fetuin-A level of PCOS group was 255.4 ± 37.2 (203.1-388.9) ng/mL and the mean Fetuin-A level of control group was 253.0 ± 43.2 (179.9-355.4) ng/mL. There was no difference between the groups with regard to Fetuin-A, before and after adjustment for age (p values 0.780 and 0.835, respectively). Conclusions: Serum Fetuin-A levels of women with PCOS did not change in comparison with the healthy controls. © 2012 Springer-Verlag.
Effect of pioglitazone on body composition and bone density in subjects with prediabetes in the ACT NOW trial; Aims: This study examined the effects of pioglitazone on body weight and bone mineral density (BMD) prospectively in patients with impaired glucose tolerance as pioglitazone (TZD) increases body weight and body fat in diabetic patients and increases the risk of bone fractures. Methods: A total of 71 men and 163 women aged 49.3 (10.7) years [mean (s.d.)]; body mass index (BMI), 34.5 (5.9) kg/m2 were recruited at five sites for measurements of body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry at baseline and at conversion to diabetes or study end, if they had not converted. Results: Mean follow-up was 33.6months in the pioglitazone group and 32.1months in the placebo group. Body weight increased 4.63±0.60 (m ± s.e.) kg in the pioglitazone group compared to 0.98±0.62kg in the PIO group (p < 0.0001). Body fat rose 4.89±0.42kg in the pioglitazone group compared to 1.41±0.44kg, (p < 0.0001) in placebo-treated subjects. The increase in fat was greater in legs and trunk than in the arms. BMD was higher in all regions in men and significantly so in most. PIO decreased BMD significantly in the pelvis in men and women, decreased BMD in the thoracic spine and ribs of women and the lumbar spine and legs of men. Bone mineral content also decreased significantly in arms, legs, trunk and in the total body. Conclusions: Pioglitazone increased peripheral fat more than truncal fat and decreased BMD in several regions of the body. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Caloric restriction and/or increasing exercise in the management of obesity; It is now accepted that obesity is one of the main threats to human health in the twenty-first century. Obesity increases the risk of morbidity and mortality, and reduces the quality of life of individuals, independent of age, gender, or ethnicity. The total number of people with obesity worldwide was estimated at 396 million in 2005 and is projected to increase to 1.2 billion in 2030 if secular trends continue [1]. This global problem is associated with changes in lifestyle, including quantity and quality of diet, and decreased levels of physical activity. This chapter summarizes current knowledge regarding the health benefits of caloric restriction and increasing exercise in the treatment of overweight and obese adults. In particular, body composition, cardiovascular disease risk factors, disease incidence, psychosocial factors, and quality of life are considered. © 2013 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of oxidative stress in fetal programming; Intrauterine stress induces increased risk of adult disease through fetal programming mechanisms. Oxidative stress can be generated by several conditions, such as, prenatal hypoxia, maternal under- and overnutrition, and excessive glucocorticoid exposure. The role of oxidant molecules as signaling factors in fetal programming via epigenetic mechanisms is discussed. By linking oxidative stress with dysregulation of specific target genes, we may be able to develop therapeutic strategies that protect against organ dysfunction in the programmed offspring. © 2012 Loren P. Thompson and Yazan Al-Hasan.
Whole body fat: Content and distribution; Obesity and its co-morbidities, including type II diabetes, insulin resistance and cardiovascular diseases, have become one of the biggest health issues of present times. The impact of obesity goes well beyond the individual and is so far-reaching that, if it continues unabated, it will cause havoc with the economies of most countries. In order to be able to fully understand the relationship between increased adiposity (obesity) and its co-morbidity, it has been necessary to develop proper methodology to accurately and reproducibly determine both body fat content and distribution, including ectopic fat depots. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Spectroscopy (MRS) have recently emerged as the gold-standard for accomplishing this task. Here, we will review the use of different MRI techniques currently being used to determine body fat content and distribution. We also discuss the pros and cons of MRS to determine ectopic fat depots in liver, muscle, pancreas and heart and compare these to emerging MRI techniques currently being put forward to create ectopic fat maps. Finally, we will discuss how MRI/MRS techniques are helping in changing the perception of what is healthy and what is normal and desirable body-fat content and distribution. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Adipocyte Dysfunction in a Mouse Model of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS): Evidence of Adipocyte Hypertrophy and Tissue-Specific Inflammation; Clinical research shows an association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and chronic inflammation, a pathological state thought to contribute to insulin resistance. The underlying pathways, however, have not been defined. The purpose of this study was to characterize the inflammatory state of a novel mouse model of PCOS. Female mice lacking leptin and insulin receptors in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons (IR/LepRPOMC mice) and littermate controls were evaluated for estrous cyclicity, ovarian and adipose tissue morphology, and body composition by QMR and CT scan. Tissue-specific macrophage infiltration and cytokine mRNA expression were measured, as well as circulating cytokine levels. Finally, glucose regulation during pregnancy was evaluated as a measure of risk for diabetes development. Forty-five percent of IR/LepRPOMC mice showed reduced or absent ovulation. IR/LepRPOMC mice also had increased fat mass and adipocyte hypertrophy. These traits accompanied elevations in macrophage accumulation and inflammatory cytokine production in perigonadal adipose tissue, liver, and ovary. These mice also exhibited gestational hyperglycemia as predicted. This report is the first to show the presence of inflammation in IR/LepRPOMC mice, which develop a PCOS-like phenotype. Thus, IR/LepRPOMC mice may serve as a new mouse model to clarify the involvement of adipose and liver tissue in the pathogenesis and etiology of PCOS, allowing more targeted research on the development of PCOS and potential therapeutic interventions. © 2012 Marino et al.
Adiponectin deficit during the precarious glucose economy of early lactation in dairy cows; In rodents and primates, insulin resistance develops during pregnancy and fades after parturition. In contrast, dairy cows and other ruminants maintain insulin resistance in early lactation (EL). This adaptation favors mammary glucose uptake, an insulin-independent process, at a time when the glucose supply is scarce. Reduction in circulating levels of the insulin-sensitizing hormone adiponectin promotes insulin resistance in other species, but whether it contributes to insulin resistance in EL dairy cows is unknown. To address this question, plasma adiponectin was measured in high-yielding dairy cows during the transition from late pregnancy (LP) to EL. Plasma adiponectin varied in quadratic fashion with the highest levels in LP, a maximal reduction of 45% on the day after parturition and a progressive return to LP values over the next 8 wk. Adiponectin circulated nearly exclusively in high molecular weight complexes in LP, and this distribution remained unaffected in EL. The reduction of plasma adiponectin in EL occurred without changes in adiponectin mRNA in adipose tissue but was associated with repression of the expression of proteins associated with the endoplasmic reticulum and involved in assembly of adiponectin oligomers. Finally, EL increased the expression of the adiponectin receptor 1 in muscle and adiponectin receptor 2 in liver but had no effect on the expression of these receptors in adipose tissue and in the mammary gland. These data suggest that reduced plasma adiponectin belongs to the subset of hormonal adaptations in EL dairy cows facilitating mammary glucose uptake via promotion of insulin resistance. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
Type 2 diabetes and hepatocellular carcinoma: A case-control study in patients with chronic hepatitis B; Type 2 diabetes has been suggested as an independent risk factor for the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, the role of Type 2 diabetes on the development of HCC in the presence of chronic hepatitis B (CHB) remains inconclusive. We conducted this hospital-based case - control study to evaluate the roles of Type 2 diabetes in HCC development in patients with CHB. From January 2004 to December 2008, a total of 6,275 eligible consecutive patients with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection were recruited. A total of 1,105 of them were patients with HBV-related HCC and 5,170 patients were CHB but without HCC. We used multivariate logistic regression models to investigate the association between Type 2 diabetes and HCC risk. The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes is higher among HCC patients without cirrhosis than among those with cirrhosis (12.1% vs. 6.7%, p = 0.003). Type 2 diabetes was associated with a significantly high risk of HCC in female patients after adjusting for age, family history of HCC, city of residence, hepatitis B e antigen and cirrhosis with an odds ratio (95% confidence interval, CI) of 1.9 (1.1-3.4). Restricted analyses among female patients without cirrhosis indicated that Type 2 diabetes was strongly associated with HCC risk with adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) of 5.6 (2.2-14.1). In conclusion, Type 2 diabetes is independently associated with the increased risk of HCC in female CHB patients. Female CHB patients with Type 2 diabetes are of a high HCC risk population and should be considered for HCC close surveillance program. © 2011 UICC.
Effect of diabetes mellitus on pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of drugs; The effects of diabetes mellitus on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of drugs have been well described in experimental animal models; however, only minimal data exist for humans and the current knowledge regarding the effects of diabetes on these properties remains unclear. Nevertheless, it has been observed that the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of drugs are changed in subjects with diabetes. It has been reported that diabetes may affect the pharmacokinetics of various drugs by affecting (i) absorption, due to changes in subcutaneous adipose blood flow, muscle blood flow and gastric emptying; (ii) distribution, due to non-enzymatic glycation of albumin; (iii) biotransformation, due to regulation of enzymestransporters involved in drug biotransformation; and (iv) excretion, due to nephropathy. Previously published data also suggest that diabetes-mediated changes in the pharmacokinetics of a particular drug cannot be translated to others.Although clinical studies exploring the effect of diabetes on pharmacodynamics are still very limited, there is evidence that disease-mediated effects are not limited only to pharmacokinetics but also alter pharmacodynamics. However, for many drugs it remains unclear whether these influences reflect diabetes-mediated changes in pharmacokinetics rather than pharmacodynamics. In addition, even though diabetes-mediated pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics might be anticipated, it is important to study the effect on each drug and not generalize from observed data.The available data indicate that there is a significant variability in drug response in diabetic subjects. The discrepancies between individual clinical studies as well as between ex vivo and clinical studies are probably due to (i) the restricted and focused population of subjects in clinical studies; (ii) failure to consider type, severity and duration of the disease; (iii) histopathological characteristics generally being missing; and (iv) other factors such as varying medication use, dietary protein intake, age, sex and obesity. The obesity epidemic in the developed world has also inadvertently influenced the directions of pharmacological research.This review attempts to map new information gained since Gwilt published his paper in Clinical Pharmacokinetics in 1991. Although a large body of research has been conducted and significant progress has been made, we still have to conclude that the available information regarding the effect of diabetes on pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics remains unclear and further clinical studies are required before we can understand the clinical significance of the effect. An understanding of diabetes-mediated changes as well as of the source of the variability should lead to the improvement of the medical management and clinical outcomes in patients with this widespread disease. © 2012 Springer International Publishing AG. All rights reserved.
Parental history of type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic biomarkers in offspring; Background Parental history of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is associated with cardiometabolic risk. We aimed to investigate the associations of parental history of T2D with cardiometabolic biomarkers and to subsequently investigate to what extent these putative associations were explained by modifiable factors. Materials and methods Cross-sectionally, we analysed a random sample of 2001 participants without T2D (20-70years) from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Netherlands (EPIC-NL). Plasma levels of 12 biomarkers - total, HDL and LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, HbA1c, gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), asparate aminotransferase (AST), albumin, uric acid, creatinine and high-sensitivity CRP (hs-CRP) - were assessed according to categories of parental history of T2D. Results In age and sex-adjusted analyses, offspring with parental history of T2D had significantly higher ALT [β=0·074; 95% confidence interval (95%CI), 0·023-0·126] and AST levels (β=0·033; 95%CI, 0·001 to 0·066) and a trend towards higher HbA1c (β=0·011; 95%CI, -0·001 to 0·024) and GGT (β=0·049; 95%CI, -0·015 to 0·112) levels. Adjustment for diet, smoking, alcohol intake, physical activity and educational level modestly attenuated the magnitude of these associations, but they remained significant for ALT and borderline significant for AST. After further adjustment for adiposity, additional attenuation was observed, but the association remained significant for ALT. Only maternal history of T2D was associated with higher ALT levels. T2D in both parents was associated with increased levels of all liver enzymes, but the association remained significant for GGT after adjustment for adiposity. Overall, the modifiable factors explained 21·2-45·4% of these associations. The contribution of adiposity was 18·2-38·9%. Conclusion We conclude that parental history of T2D was associated with higher non-fasting levels of liver enzymes in a general population without T2D. Adiposity substantially contributed to these associations. The contribution of diet and lifestyle factors was modest. © 2012 The Authors. European Journal of Clinical Investigation © 2012 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Insights into the role of macrophage migration inhibitory factor in obesity and insulin resistance; High-fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity has emerged as a state of chronic low-grade inflammation characterised by a progressive infiltration of immune cells, particularly macrophages, into obese adipose tissue. Adipose tissue macrophages (ATM) present immense plasticity. In early obesity, M2 anti-inflammatory macrophages acquire an M1 pro-inflammatory phenotype. Pro-inflammatory cytokines including TNF-α, IL-6 and IL-1β produced by M1 ATM exacerbate local inflammation promoting insulin resistance (IR), which consequently, can lead to type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, the triggers responsible for ATM recruitment and activation are not fully understood. Adipose tissue-derived chemokines are significant players in driving ATM recruitment during obesity. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), a chemokine-like inflammatory regulator, is enhanced during obesity and is directly associated with the degree of peripheral IR. This review focuses on the functional role of macrophages in obesity-induced IR and highlights the importance of the unique inflammatory cytokine MIF in propagating obesity-induced inflammation and IR. Given MIF chemotactic properties, MIF may be a primary candidate promoting ATM recruitment during obesity. Manipulating MIF inflammatory activities in obesity, using pharmacological agents or functional foods, may be therapeutically beneficial for the treatment and prevention of obesity-related metabolic diseases. © The Author 2012.
Comparative study of retinol binding protein 4 between septic and non septic diabetic patients; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a small visceral protein, mainly synthesized in the liver and catabolized in the kidneys. Recently discussed as a new adipokine that is possibly linked to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. The aim of this work was to investigate serum levels of RBP4 in patients with type 2 diabetes with and without sepsis and to determine its relation with insulin resistance. This study included 50 patients had Type 2 Diabetes mellitus, 25 diabetic patients without sepsis (group I) and 25 diabetic patients with sepsis (group II) and 25 healthy control subjects (group III). All patients were subjected to clinical examination and laboratory investigation including fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, lipid profile, urea, creatinine, insulin level and serum level of RBP4.There was significant increase in RBP4, in diabetic patients without sepsis and significant decrease in RBP4, in diabetic patients with sepsis, compared to control group (p<0.05) and highly significant increase in RBP4, in diabetic patients without sepsis, compared to diabetic patients with sepsis (p<0.001). Also there was significant increase in serum insulin levels in diabetic patients without sepsis and in diabetic patients with sepsis, compared to control group (p<0.05). Regression analysis was done and showed negative significant correlation between RBP4 and insulin level in diabetic patients without sepsis (r=-0.56, p<0.05) and no correlation between RBP4 and blood glucose, BMI and HOMA-IR. But in diabetic patients with sepsis there was negative significant correlation between RBP4 and fasting blood glucose (r=-0.59, p<0.05,) and no correlation with insulin level, BMI and HOMA-IR. Among all diabetic patients there was negative significant correlation between RBP4 and insulin level (r=-0.40, p<0.05). Our finding suggests that increase RBP4 in diabetic patients without infection and decrease in diabetic with sepsis can be used as a biomarker to monitor infection, as its increase in diabetic patients without sepsis and decrease in diabetic patients with sepsis, but may not play a role in insulin resistance in T2DM. © IDOSI Publications, 2012.
Human skeletal muscle releases leptin in vivo; Leptin is considered an adipokine, however, cultured myocytes have also been found to release leptin. Therefore, as proof-of-concept we investigated if human skeletal muscle synthesized leptin by measuring leptin in skeletal muscle biopsies. Following this, we quantified human skeletal muscle and adipose tissue leptin release in vivo. We recruited 16 healthy male human participants. Catheters were inserted into the femoral artery and vein draining skeletal muscle, as well as an epigastric vein draining the abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue. By combining the veno-arterial differences in plasma leptin with measurements of blood flow, leptin release from both tissues was quantified. To induce changes in leptin, the participants were infused with either saline or adrenaline in normo-physiological concentrations. The presence of leptin in skeletal muscle was confirmed by western blotting. Leptin was released from leg skeletal muscle (50.6±12ngmin-1) and the pattern of release was different from subcutaneous adipose tissue. Moreover, during adrenaline infusion the leptin release from leg skeletal muscle was strongly suppressed (20.5±7.9ngmin-1, p<0.017), whereas the release from fat was unaltered. During saline infusion the adipose tissue release averaged 0.8±0.3ngmin-1 100g tissue-1 whereas skeletal muscle release was 0.5±0.1ngmin-1 100g tissue-1. In young healthy humans, skeletal muscle contribution to whole body leptin production could be substantial given the greater mass of muscle compared to fat. An understanding of the role that leptin plays in skeletal muscle metabolism may prove important in light of several late-phase trials with recombinant leptin as an anti-obesity drug. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Health disparities in endocrine disorders: Biological, clinical, and nonclinical factors - An endocrine society scientific statement; Objective: The aim was to provide a scholarly review of the published literature on biological, clinical, and nonclinical contributors to race/ethnic and sex disparities in endocrine disorders and to identify current gaps in knowledge as a focus for future research needs. Participants in Development of Scientific Statement: The Endocrine Society's Scientific Statement Task Force (SSTF) selected the leader of the statement development group (S.H.G.). She selected an eight-member writing group with expertise in endocrinology and health disparities, which was approved by the Society. All discussions regarding the scientific statement content occurred via teleconference or written correspondence. No funding was provided to any expert or peer reviewer, and all participants volunteered their time to prepare this Scientific Statement. Evidence: The primary sources of data on global disease prevalence are from the World Health Organization. A comprehensive literature search of PubMed identified U.S. population-based studies. Search strategies combining Medical Subject Headings terms and keyword terms and phrases defined two concepts: 1) racial, ethnic, and sex differences including specific populations; and 2) the specific endocrine disorderorcondition.The search identified systematic reviews, meta-analyses, largecohort and population based studies, and original studies focusingonthe prevalenceanddeterminants of disparities in endocrine disorders. Consensus Process: The writing group focused on population differences in the highly prevalent endocrine diseases of type 2 diabetes mellitus and related conditions (prediabetes and diabetic complications), gestational diabetes, metabolicsyndromewithafocusonobesityanddyslipidemia, thyroid disorders, osteoporosis, and vitamin D deficiency. Authors reviewed and synthesized evidence in their areas of expertise. The final statement incorporated responses to several levels of review: 1) comments of the SSTF and the Advocacy and Public Outreach Core Committee; and 2) suggestions offered by the Council and members of The Endocrine Society. Conclusions: Several themes emerged in the statement, including a need for basic science, populationbased, translational and health services studies to explore underlying mechanisms contributing to endocrine health disparities. Compared to non-Hispanic whites, non-Hispanic blacks have worse outcomes and highermortalityfromcertaindisordersdespitehavingalower(e.g. macrovascularcomplicationsofdiabetes mellitus and osteoporotic fractures) or similar (e.g. thyroid cancer) incidence of these disorders. Obesity is an important contributor to diabetes risk in minority populations and to sex disparities in thyroid cancer, suggesting that population interventions targeting weight loss may favorably impact a number of endocrine disorders. There are important implications regarding the definition of obesity in different race/ethnic groups, including potential underestimation of disease risk in Asian-Americans and overestimation in non-Hispanic blackwomen. Ethnic-specific cut-points for central obesity should be determined so that clinicians can adequately assess metabolic risk. There is little evidence that genetic differences contribute significantly to race/ethnic disparities in the endocrine disorders examined. Multilevel interventions have reduced disparities in diabetes care, and these successes can be modeled to design similar interventions for other endocrine diseases. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
The Bioinorganic Chemistry of Chromium; Chromium exists in nature as complexes of two stable oxidation states - trivalent chromium(III) and hexavalent chromium(VI). Although trivalent chromium is required in trace amounts for sugar and lipid metabolism in humans and its deficiency may cause a disease called chromium deficiency; hexavalent chromium is toxic and carcinogenic. As chromium compounds were used in dyes and paints and the tanning of leather, these compounds are often found in soil and groundwater at abandoned industrial sites, now needing environmental cleanup and remediation. The Bioinorganic Chemistry of Chromium: From Biochemistry to Environmental Toxicology takes a critical look at what the biochemical data indicate about chromium's role in the body and the biological mechanisms of its toxicology. Topics covered include: What do we know about the biochemical roles and mechanisms of chromium? Is chromium an essential element in the mammalian diet? Is chromium(III) effective as a nutraceutical, a therapeutic agent, and as a supplement in animal feed? What is the biochemistry behind the toxicology of chromium(III) and chromium(VI):the mechanisms of metabolism, genetic and epigenetic effects, and disruption of cell signalling? What are the current chromium(VI) policies and positions from regulatory agencies? The Bioinorganic Chemistry of Chromium: From Biochemistry to Environmental Toxicology is an important contribution to the bioinorganic and trace element biochemical fields which will find a place on the bookshelves of bioinorganic chemists, biochemists, inorganic chemists, toxicologists, nutritionists and regulatory affairs professionals. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
CTX (Crosslaps) rather than Osteopontin is associated with disturbed glucose metabolism in gestational diabetes; Objective: Reciprocal interaction between bone and glucose metabolism might play a pivotal role in the development of type 2 diabetes. We recently demonstrated that osteocalcin is increased in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) compared to healthy pregnant women and related to enhanced insulin secretion. Here, we aimed to investigate the role of the bone resorption marker CTX and osteopontin (OPN), a key molecule in subclinical inflammation underlying insulin resistance, in gestational diabetes. Methods: Insulin sensitivity and secretion (derived from OGTT) as well as CTX and osteopontin were investigated in 26 GDM and 52 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy [CON] between 24th and 28th gestational weeks; 24 women also underwent postpartum examination. Results: CTX was significantly higher in GDM compared to CON (0.44±0.20 vs.0.28±0.12 ng/ml, p<.0001) and positively correlated with osteocalcin (R = 0.64, p<.0001) and parameters of insulin secretion. Osteopontin plasma concentrations were decreased in GDM compared to CON (28.81±22.12 vs.37.68±19.63 ng/ml, p = 0.04), and did not show any relation to insulin secretion or sensitivity, but were significantly correlated with CRP (R = 0.3, p<0.007) and liver enzymes. Twelve weeks after delivery CTX and OPN were increased compared to pregnancy (both p<.0001) and did not differ between GDM and CON. Conclusion: Our findings support the idea of a tight regulation between bone and glucose metabolism, and suggest, that less curbed CTX during pregnancy might be involved in osteocalcin-mediated amelioration of insulin secretion in GDM. On the other hand, osteopontin was unrelated to insulin resistance in GDM, but associated with inflammatory markers and liver enzymes in all women. © 2012 Winhofer et al.
Adipokines and their relation to maternal energy substrate production, insulin resistance and fetal size; Objective: The role of adipokines in the regulation of energy substrate production in non-diabetic pregnant women has not been elucidated. We hypothesize that serum concentrations of adiponectin are related to fetal growth via maternal fat mass, insulin resistance and glucose production, and further, that serum levels of leptin are associated with lipolysis and that this also influences fetal growth. Hence, we investigated the relationship between adipokines, energy substrate production, insulin resistance, body composition and fetal weight in non-diabetic pregnant women in late gestation. Study design: Twenty pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were investigated at 36 weeks of gestation at Uppsala University Hospital. Levels of adipokines were related to rates of glucose production and lipolysis, maternal body composition, insulin resistance, resting energy expenditure and estimated fetal weights. Rates of glucose production and lipolysis were estimated by stable isotope dilution technique. Results: Median (range) rate of glucose production was 805 (653-1337) μmol/min and that of glycerol production, reflecting lipolysis, was 214 (110-576) μmol/min. HOMA insulin resistance averaged 1.5 ± 0.75 and estimated fetal weights ranged between 2670 and 4175 g (-0.2 to 2.7 SDS). Mean concentration of adiponectin was 7.2 ± 2.5 mg/L and median level of leptin was 47.1 (9.9-58.0) μg/L. Adiponectin concentrations (7.2 ± 2.5 mg/L) correlated inversely with maternal fat mass, insulin resistance, glucose production and fetal weight, r = -0.50, p < 0.035, r = -0.77, p < 0.001, r = -0.67, p < 0.002, and r = -0.51, p < 0.032, respectively. Leptin concentrations correlated with maternal fat mass and insulin resistance, r = 0.76, p < 0.001 and r = 0.73, p < 0.001, respectively. There was no correlation between maternal levels of leptin and rate of glucose production or fetal weight. Neither were any correlations found between levels of leptin or adiponectin and maternal lipolysis or resting energy expenditure. Conclusion: The inverse correlations between levels of maternal adiponectin and insulin resistance as well as endogenous glucose production rates indicate that low levels of adiponectin in obese pregnant women may represent one mechanism behind increased fetal size. Maternal levels of leptin are linked to maternal fat mass and its metabolic consequences, but the data indicate that leptin lacks a regulatory role with regard to maternal lipolysis in late pregnancy. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Pregnancy for Females Born Small on Later Life Metabolic Disease Risk; There is a strong inverse relationship between a females own birth weight and her subsequent risk for gestational diabetes with increased risk of developing diabetes later in life. We have shown that growth restricted females develop loss of glucose tolerance during late pregnancy with normal pancreatic function. The aim of this study was to determine whether growth restricted females develop long-term impairment of metabolic control after an adverse pregnancy adaptation. Uteroplacental insufficiency was induced by bilateral uterine vessel ligation (Restricted) or sham surgery (Control) in late pregnancy (E18) in F0 female rats. F1 Control and Restricted female offspring were mated with normal males and allowed to deliver (termed Ex-Pregnant). Age-matched Control and Restricted Virgins were also studied and glucose tolerance and insulin secretion were determined. Pancreatic morphology and hepatic glycogen and triacylglycerol content were quantified respectively. Restricted females were born lighter than Control and remained lighter at all time points studied (p<0.05). Glucose tolerance, first phase insulin secretion and liver glycogen and triacylglycerol content were not different across groups, with no changes in β-cell mass. Second phase insulin secretion was reduced in Restricted Virgins (-34%, p<0.05) compared to Control Virgins, suggestive of enhanced peripheral insulin sensitivity but this was lost after pregnancy. Growth restriction was associated with enhanced basal hepatic insulin sensitivity, which may provide compensatory benefits to prevent adverse metabolic outcomes often associated with being born small. A prior pregnancy was associated with reduced hepatic insulin sensitivity with effects more pronounced in Controls than Restricted. Our data suggests that pregnancy ameliorates the enhanced peripheral insulin sensitivity in growth restricted females and has deleterious effects for hepatic insulin sensitivity, regardless of maternal birth weight. © 2012 Tran et al.
A four-stage model explaining the higher risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus in South Asians compared with European populations; With approximately 1.5 billion people at risk, the staggeringly high risk of Type 2 diabetes in South Asians comprises a global problem. The causes of this high risk are complex, with 23 major risk factors identified in a Lancet seminar. This paper proposes a four-stage explanatory model: (1) the birth of a small, adipose, lowlean mass South Asian baby-the phenotype tracking through life; (2) in childhood and early adulthood, the deposition of any excess energy intake preferentially in upper body and ectopic fat stores rather than in the lower body or superficial subcutaneous fat stores; (3) as a consequence of points 1 and 2, and exacerbated by an environment of low physical activity and excess calories, the accelerated appearance of high levels of plasma insulin, triglycerides and glucose, and the fatty-liver vicious cycle; (4) β-cell failure as a result of fewer β-cells at birth, exposure to apoptotic triggers such as fat in the pancreas, and high demand from insulin resistance, which causes diabetes. Other risk factors-especially energy-dense hyperglycaemic diet and low physical activity-play into this pathway. The recommended behavioural changes fit with this model, which brings clarity to guide future research, policy, practice and health promotion. © 2012 Diabetes UK.
Maternal Obesity and the Fetal Origins of the Metabolic Syndrome; Over recent decades there has been a rapid rise in metabolic disorders throughout the world. Whilst lifestyle and societal habits have contributed to the obesity epidemic, there is now increasing evidence that the early developmental environment of an infant can play a pivotal role in the 'programming' of an adverse physiological phenotype in later life. Clinical evidence highlights that maternal over-nutrition and/or obesity during pregnancy presents not only adverse effects on maternal health, but also persistent and deleterious effects in the developing child. Animal models are providing essential information into the underlying cellular and molecular mechanisms that contribute to this adverse phenotype. The use of this information will aid our understanding of the programming signals related to maternal and paternal over-nutrition and the improved healthcare for both mother and infant. © 2012 The Author(s).
Ethnic variability in adiposity, thrifty phenotypes and cardiometabolic risk: Addressing the full range of ethnicity, including those of mixed ethnicity; Ethnic groups vary in cardiometabolic risk, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Several components of body composition variability (fat/lean ratio, fat distribution, lean mass composition and metabolism, and adipose tissue biology) are increasingly linked with cardiometabolic risk and vary substantially across ethnic groups. Constituents of lean mass are proposed to contribute to 'metabolic capacity', a generic trait favouring the maintenance of homeostasis. Adiposity is proposed to contribute to 'metabolic load', which at higher levels challenges metabolic homeostasis, elevating cardiometabolic risk. Ethnic differences in body composition, representing different load-capacity ratios, may therefore contribute to ethnic variability in cardiometabolic risk. Ecological and evolutionary factors potentially contributing to ethnic variability in body composition are explored. In contemporary populations, clinicians encounter an increasing range of ethnicity, along with many individuals of mixed-ethnic ancestry. Increasing understanding of the contribution of body composition to cardiometabolic risk may reduce the need to treat ethnic groups as qualitatively different. A conceptual model is proposed, treating insulin sensitivity and stroke risk as composite functions of body composition variables. Operationalizing this model may potentially improve the ability to assess cardiovascular risk across the full ethnicity spectrum, and to predict cardiometabolic consequences of excess weight gain. © 2012 International Association for the Study of Obesity.
Metformin and its clinical use: New insights for an old drug in clinical practice; Metformin is generally recommended as first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight patients, but in recent years new indications for its use have emerged. Metformin has been found to be safe and efficacious both as monotherapy and in combination with all oral antidiabetic agents and insulins. If metformin use during pregnancy and the lactation period is supported by few data, it could be indicated for women with polycystic ovary syndrome, since it could diminish circulating androgens and insulin resistance, thus ameliorating the ovulation rate. Metformin seems to reduce cancer risk, which appears to be increased in diabetics, and is a promising agent for oncoprevention and chemotherapy combinations. Moreover, metformin could find a place in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Lactic acidosis could be decreased by avoiding metformin use in patients with hypovolemia, sepsis, renal impairment, hypoxic respiratory diseases and heart failure, in the preoperative period and before intravenous injection of contrast media. Copyright © 2012 Termedia & Banach.
Novel directions for diabetes mellitus drug discovery; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus impacts almost 200 million individuals worldwide and leads to debilitating complications. New avenues of drug discovery must target the underlying cellular processes of oxidative stress, apoptosis, autophagy, and inflammation that can mediate multi-system pathology during diabetes mellitus. Areas covered: The authors examine the novel directions for drug discovery that involve: the β-nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) precursor nicotinamide, the cytokine erythropoietin, the NAD+-dependent protein histone deacetylase SIRT1, the serine/threonine-protein kinase mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), and the wingless pathway. Furthermore, the authors present the implications for the targeting of these pathways that oversee gluconeogenic genes, insulin signaling and resistance, fatty acid beta-oxidation, inflammation, and cellular survival. Expert opinion: Nicotinamide, erythropoietin, and the downstream pathways of SIRT1, mTOR, forkhead transcription factors, and wingless signaling offer exciting prospects for novel directions of drug discovery for the treatment of metabolic disorders. Future investigations must dissect the complex relationship and fine modulation of these pathways for the successful translation of robust reparative and regenerative strategies against diabetes mellitus and the complications of this disorder. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Developmental origins of health and disease: Experimental and human evidence of fetal programming for metabolic syndrome; The concept of developmental origins of health and disease has been defined as the process through which the environment encountered before birth, or in infancy, shapes the long-term control of tissue physiology and homeostasis. The evidence for programming derives from a large number of experimental and epidemiological observations. Several nutritional interventions during diverse phases of pregnancy and lactation in rodents are associated with fetal and neonatal programming for metabolic syndrome. In this paper, recent experimental models and human epidemiological studies providing evidence for the fetal programming associated with the development of metabolic syndrome and related diseases are revisited. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Overweight, obesity and central obesity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is closely associated with obesity but the prevalence of obesity varies between published studies. The objective of this research was to describe the prevalence of overweight, obesity and central obesity in women with and without PCOS and to assess the confounding effect of ethnicity, geographic regions and the diagnostic criteria of PCOS on the prevalence. methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and PSYCINFO were searched for studies reporting the prevalence of overweight, obesity or central obesity in women with and without PCOS. Data were presented as prevalence (%) and risk ratio (RR) [95% confidence interval (CI)]. Random-effect models were used to calculate pooled RR. results: This systematic review included 106 studies while the meta-analysis included 35 studies (15129 women). Women with PCOS had increased prevalence of overweight [RR (95% CI): 1.95 (1.52, 2.50)], obesity [2.77 (1.88, 4.10)] and central obesity [1.73 (1.31, 2.30)] compared with women without PCOS. The Caucasian women with PCOS had a greater increase in obesity prevalence than the Asian women with PCOS compared with women without PCOS [10.79 (5.36, 21.70) versus 2.31 (1.33, 4.00), P < 0.001 between subgroups). conclusions: Women with PCOS had a greater risk of overweight, obesity and central obesity. Although our findings support a positive association between obesity and PCOS, our conclusions are limited by the significant heterogeneity between studies and further studies are now required to determine the source of this heterogeneity. Clinical management of PCOS should include the prevention and management of overweight and obesity. © The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.©The Author 2012.
Non alcholic fatty liver disease: Association with maternal diabetes; Objective: To seek relationship of ultrasonic fatty liver appearance with the maternal history of diabetes. Study design: Convenience sampling. Settings: This study was conducted in Radiology Department of Shalamar Hospital in collaboration with Jinnah Hospital, Lahore which is a tertiary care hospital. Duration of study: It was completed in three months from 20th August to 20th November 2008. Subjects and methods: First 100 consecutive patients in each hospital with ultrasonic finding of fatty liver were evaluated for its cause, excluding history of alcohol intake, particularly for maternal history of diabetes. Results: Out of 200 patients, 70% of the fatty liver patients have positive maternal history of diabetes at some stage of their lives. Among that 70%, 85% mothers were suffering Type II diabetes and 10% were gestational diabetes and 5% were having Type I diabetes. The remaining 30% having other causes including high fat intake, easy life style etc. Conclusion: Fatty liver appearance is strongly related with maternal history of diabetes particularly Type II.
Participation of arachidonic acid and its metabolites in insulin resistance; Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities, which mayinclude obesity, insulin resistance (IR), hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. IR is a stateof impaired insulin activity in which normal insulin levels are incapable of producing thecorresponding normal insulin responses, and this state has been associated with supraphysiologicalincreases in glucose serum levels, causing a state of hyperglycemia. Humanand animal models with MS show altered arachidonic acid (AA) metabolism, resulting ina shift from vasodilator prostaglandins (PGs) PGE1 to vasoconstrictor PGE2 metabolites,originating from AA metabolism. AA is an ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), amajor component of mammalian cell membranes, and may account for up to 25 % of allphospholipid (PL) fatty acids. It is released by phospholipases, from the PL bilayers of allcell membranes (with the exception of those from red blood cells), in response to variousstimuli; it is subsequently metabolized through three different enzyme pathways, namelycyclooxygenase (COX), lipoxygenase (LOX) and cytochrome (CYP) P450. AA may actas a strong negative modulator of glucose uptake in pancreas, and it has been proposedthat there are higher serum levels of AA in diabetic subjects compared with normalsubjects. Other studies have shown a positive correlation between AA and insulinsensitivity, although others, again, have shown a decrease in the AA concentration in MSand obese children. The eicosanoids such as PGs, products of these pathways, canparticipate in the development of IR, and PGE2 can increase insulin secretion throughinterleukine (IL)-1β in pancreatic islets. These controversial differences can be partlyexplained through the studies of enzyme pathways responsible for AA metabolism, aswell as its oxidation, elongation by Δ6-desaturase, or reintegration into the PL cell membrane. It is the purpose of this chapter to show some of the relationships betweenAA, its metabolism, the eicosanoids and IR. © 2013 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Churchill's Pocketbook of Diabetes: Second Edition; The incidence of diabetes is increasing at epidemic proportions worldwide, presenting a huge challenge to modern medicine. In response, scientific advances in the understanding of diabetes and its complications are being translated into improved clinical practice at ever faster rates. Greater understanding of aetiopathogenesis of the different types of diabetes, the emerging roles of novel pharmacological agents and the importance placed on multidisciplinary team working and multi-risk-factor treatment all contribute to this. Now in a fully revised second edition, this clear, concise guide to modern diabetes and its management will prove invaluable to all health professionals in this field. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Small lipid-binding proteins in regulating endothelial and vascular functions: Focusing on adipocyte fatty acid binding protein and lipocalin-2; Dysregulated production of adipokines from adipose tissue plays a critical role in the development of obesity-associated cardiovascular abnormalities. A group of adipokines, including adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (A-FABP) and lipocalin-2, possess specific lipid-binding activity and are up-regulated in obese human subjects and animal models. They act as lipid chaperones to promote lipotoxicity in endothelial cells and cause endothelial dysfunction under obese conditions. However, different small lipid-binding proteins modulate the development of vascular complications in distinctive manners, which are partly attributed to their specialized structural features and functionalities. By focusing on A-FABP and lipocalin-2, this review summarizes recent advances demonstrating the causative roles of these newly identified adipose tissue-derived lipid chaperones in obesity-related endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular complications. The specific lipid-signalling mechanisms mediated by these two proteins are highlighted to support their specialized functions. In summary, A-FABP and lipocalin-2 represent potential therapeutic targets to design drugs for preventing vascular diseases associated with obesity. Linked Articles This article is part of a themed section on Fat and Vascular Responsiveness. To view the other articles in this section visit © 2011 The British Pharmacological Society.
Induction of CCL2 (MCP-1) by IL-33 in human umbelical cord blood mast cells; Mast cells, which derive from a bone marrow progenitor and mature in tissues, are important for allergic reactions, but also in inflammation, autoimmunity, and T-cell-mediated immune responses. The addition of certain cytokines to human umbilical cord blood-derived cultured mast cells have been shown to augment IgE-induced production of distinct cytokines, without histamine secretion. CCL2/MCP-1 is a beta chemokine capable of attracting and activating lymphocytes, macrophages, memory T cells and basophilic cells, but not neutrophils. CCL2/MCP-1 regulates the recruitment of inflammatory cells into tissue during inflammation and allergy. IL-33 belongs to the IL-1 family and binds to the ST2 receptor which has high homology to IL-1 receptor and has biological activities. IL-33, causes allergic inflammation and exerts significant biological effects both in vivo and in vitro. IL-33 induces expression of several cytokines and chemokines, resulting in severe inflammatory and allergic diseases. However, our knowledge regarding the effects of these cytokines on human mast cell functions is limited. Here, using human umbilical cord blood mast cells (HUCBMCs) as a valid model, we found that IL-33 induces CCL2/MCP-1 release in HUCBMCs. The release was higher at 24 h incubation compared with 12 h. This study documents the ability of IL-33 to directly stimulate Human umbilical cord blood mast cells (UCBMCs) to produce CCL2/MCP-1. We show that IL-33 is a strong activator of human mast cells capable of inducing CCL2/MCP-1 released at translational level. The present data describe an additional biological activity of IL-33, suggesting that this cytokine may have an important effect on the recruitment of inflammatory cells in allergic diseases. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
The role of mitochondria in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has been related to alterations of oxidative metabolism in insulin-responsive tissues. Overt T2DM can present with acquired or inherited reductions of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation capacity, submaximal ADP-stimulated oxidative phosphorylation and plasticity of mitochondria and/or lower mitochondrial content in skeletal muscle cells and potentially also in hepatocytes. Acquired insulin resistance is associated with reduced insulin-stimulated mitochondrial activity as the result of blunted mitochondrial plasticity. Hereditary insulin resistance is frequently associated with reduced mitochondrial activity at rest, probably due to diminished mitochondrial content. Lifestyle and pharmacological interventions can enhance the capacity for oxidative phosphorylation and mitochondrial content and improve insulin resistance in some (pre)diabetic cases. Various mitochondrial features can be abnormal but are not necessarily responsible for all forms of insulin resistance. Nevertheless, mitochondrial abnormalities might accelerate progression of insulin resistance and subsequent organ dysfunction via increased production of reactive oxygen species. This Review discusses the association between mitochondrial function and insulin sensitivity in various tissues, such as skeletal muscle, liver and heart, with a main focus on studies in humans, and addresses the effects of therapeutic strategies that affect mitochondrial function and insulin sensitivity. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Transforming growth factor-beta1 (509 C/T, 915 G/C, 869 T/C) polymorphisms are not related to obesity in Turkish children; Increasing expression of transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1) from fatty tissue affects the serum level and hence may stimulate expression of the other cytokines. The studies concerning the relation between TGF-β1 polymorphisms and obesity have been performed in adults, and diverse results have been reported. In this study, we aimed to investigate the association of TGF-β1 509 C/T, 915 G/C, 869 T/C polymorphisms in childhood obesity and related pathologies. Two hundred and seventy-one children and adolescents were included in the study. One hundred and twenty-one of these cases were in the Obese Group and 150 were in the Control Group. In the Obesity Group, we searched the carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders such as insulin resistance, dyslipidemia and hepatosteatosis. The results of this study revealed the lack of an association between TGF-β1 509 C/T, 915 G/C and 869 T/C polymorphisms and obesity. There were no relations between the polymorphism genotypes and obesity-related metabolic disturbances.
Role of coffee in modulation of diabetes risk; Coffee consumption has been associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. This association does not depend on race, gender, geographic distribution of the study populations, or the type of coffee consumed (i.e., caffeinated or decaffeinated). This review discusses the strength of this relationship, examines the possibility that the pattern of coffee consumption could influence the association, and evaluates the possible relationship between coffee consumption and other risk factors associated with diabetes. Particular attention is paid to the identification, on the basis of the scientific evidence, of the possible mechanisms by which coffee components might affect diabetes development, especially in light of the paradoxical effect of caffeine on glucose metabolism. In addition to the role of coffee in reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, the possible role of coffee in the course of the illness is explored. Finally, the possibility that coffee can also affect the risk of other forms of diabetes (e.g., type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes) is examined. © 2012 International Life Sciences Institute.
Do women with PCOS have a unique predisposition to obesity?; Women with PCOS are often obese and there is debate in the literature regarding whether women are obese because of their PCOS status or if those who become obese are more predisposed to PCOS. There is support for a predisposition to obesity by some data indicating impaired metabolism in PCOS women compared to weight matched controls but this data is limited. Contrary data also exist that adiposity rates do not vary between women with PCOS and those without, and that differences in obesity rates between countries are more likely due to environmental and lifestyle factors. Until further data are available, lifestyle recommendations for weight reduction in women with PCOS should be similar to those for women without PCOS.
The role of inflammatory pathway genetic variation on maternal metabolic phenotypes during pregnancy; Background: Since mediators of inflammation are associated with insulin resistance, and the risk of developing diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, we hypothesized that genetic variation in members of the inflammatory gene pathway impact glucose levels and related phenotypes in pregnancy. We evaluated this hypothesis by testing for association between genetic variants in 31 inflammatory pathway genes in the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) cohort, a large multiethnic multicenter study designed to address the impact of glycemia less than overt diabetes on pregnancy outcome. Results: Fasting, 1-hour, and 2-hour glucose, fasting and 1-hour C-peptide, and HbA1c levels were measured in blood samples obtained from HAPO participants during an oral glucose tolerance test at 24-32 weeks gestation. We tested for association between 458 SNPs mapping to 31 genes in the inflammatory pathway and metabolic phenotypes in 3836 European ancestry and 1713 Thai pregnant women. The strongest evidence for association was observed with TNF alpha and HbA1c (rs1052248; 0.04% increase per allele C; p-value = 4.4×10-5), RETN and fasting plasma glucose (rs1423096; 0.7 mg/dl decrease per allele A; p-value = 1.1×10-4), IL8 and 1 hr plasma glucose (rs2886920; 2.6 mg/dl decrease per allele T; p-value = 1.3×10-4), ADIPOR2 and fasting C-peptide (rs2041139; 0.55 ug/L decrease per allele A; p-value = 1.4×10-4), LEPR and 1-hour C-peptide (rs1171278; 0.62 ug/L decrease per allele T; p-value = 2.4×10-4), and IL6 and 1-hour plasma glucose (rs6954897; -2.29 mg/dl decrease per allele G, p-value = 4.3×10-4). Conclusions: Based on the genes surveyed in this study the inflammatory pathway is unlikely to have a strong impact on maternal metabolic phenotypes in pregnancy although variation in individual members of the pathway (e.g. RETN, IL8, ADIPOR2, LEPR, IL6, and TNF alpha,) may contribute to metabolic phenotypes in pregnant women. © 2012 Urbanek et al.
Projected Cardiovascular Impact of Obesity in Children and Adolescents: Will Obesity Increase the Cardiovascular Risk of Women to That of Men?; Far too many girls suffer from overweight, obesity, and even severe obesity in childhood and adolescence. The early establishment of excess adiposity is associated with the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through complex metabolic aberrations that manifest as components of the metabolic syndrome at young ages. When combined with exposure to other independent CVD risk factors, overweight and obese girls face an elevated risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in adulthood. Additionally, due to their reproductive capacity, women face a different series of risks with regards to the development of CVD compared with men. The risk of CVD accumulates across the lifespan of women, and without a special emphasis in terms of prophylaxis and treatment in younger girls and women, their risk of CVD is likely to equal or even surpass that of men in the future. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Can we modify the intrauterine environment to halt the intergenerational cycle of obesity?; Child obesity is a global epidemic whose development is rooted in complex and multi-factorial interactions. Once established, obesity is difficult to reverse and epidemiological, animal model, and experimental studies have provided strong evidence implicating the intrauterine environment in downstream obesity. This review focuses on the interplay between maternal obesity, gestational weight gain and lifestyle behaviours, which may act independently or in combination, to perpetuate the intergenerational cycle of obesity. The gestational period, is a crucial time of growth, development and physiological change in mother and child. This provides a window of opportunity for intervention via maternal nutrition and/or physical activity that may induce beneficial physiological alternations in the fetus that are mediated through favourable adaptations to in utero environmental stimuli. Evidence in the emerging field of epigenetics suggests that chronic, sub-clinical perturbations during pregnancy may affect fetal phenotype and long-term human data from ongoing randomized controlled trials will further aid in establishing the science behind ones predisposition to positive energy balance. © 2012 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Developmental programming in response to maternal overnutrition; Metabolic disorders have seen an increased prevalence in recent years in developed as well as developing countries. While it is clear lifestyle choices and habits have contributed to this epidemic, mounting evidence suggests the nutritional milieu during critical stages of development in early life can "program" individuals to develop the metabolic syndrome later in life. Extensive epidemiological data presents an association between maternal obesity and nutrition during pregnancy and offspring obesity, and a number of animal models have been established in order to uncover the underlying mechanisms contributing to the programming of physiological systems. It is hard to distinguish the causal factors due to the complex nature of the maternal-fetal relationship; however, in order to develop adequate prevention strategies it is vital to identify which maternal factor(s) - be it the diet, diet-induced obesity or weight gain - and at which time during early development instigate the programmed phenotype. Curtailing the onset of obesity at this early stage in life presents a promising avenue through which to stem the growing epidemic of obesity. © 2011 Alfaradhi and Ozanne.
Chemerin158K protein is the dominant chemerin isoform in synovial and cerebrospinal fluids but not in plasma; Chemerin is a chemoattractant involved in immunity that may also function as an adipokine. Chemerin circulates as an inactive precursor (chem163S), and its activation requires proteolytic cleavages at itsCterminus, involving proteases involved in coagulation, fibrinolysis, and inflammation. However, the key proteolytic steps in prochemerin activation in vivo remain to be established. Previously, we have shown that C-terminal cleavage of chem163S by plasmin to chem158K, followed by a carboxypeptidase cleavage, leads to the most active isoform, chem157S. To identify and quantify the in vivo chemerin isoforms in biological specimens, we developed specific ELISAs for chem163S, chem158K, and chem157S, using antibodies raised against peptides from the C terminus of the different chemerin isoforms. We found that the mean plasma concentrations of chem163S, chem158K, and chem157S were 40 ± 7.9, 8.1 ± 2.9, and 0.7 ± 0.8 ng/ml, respectively. The total level of cleaved and noncleaved chemerins in cerebrospinal fluids was ∼10% of plasma levels whereas it was elevated ∼2-fold in synovial fluids from patients with arthritis. On the other hand, the fraction of cleaved chemerins was much higher in synovial fluid and cerebrospinal fluid samples than in plasma (∼75%, 50%, and 18% respectively). Chem158K was the dominant chemerin isoform, and it was not generated by ex vivo processing, indicating that cleavage of prochemerin at position Lys-158, whether by plasmin or another serine protease, represents a major step in prochemerin activation in vivo. Our study provides the first direct evidence that chemerin undergoes extensive proteolytic processing in vivo, underlining the importance of measuring individual isoforms.
Predictors of impaired glucose regulation in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Many patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have impaired glucose regulation or type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). We investigated characteristics of NAFLD patients associated with hyperglycemia. Methods. During a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), serum glucose and insulin were measured in 152 NAFLD patients. Results. 48.7% of NAFLD patients had hyperglycemia. Age (odds ratio (OR) = 1.08, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.03-1.13), body mass index (BMI) (OR = 1.12, 95% CI: 1.01-1.25), and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (OR = 0.95, 95% CI: 0.92-0.98) proved to be independent predictors of hyperglycemia. After OGTT, 30min insulin was lower in hyperglycemic patients (74.2 ± 49.7 versus 94.5 ± 53.9 μIU/mL, P = 0.02), while 90min insulin (170.1 ± 84.6 versus 122.9 ± 97.7 μU/mL, P = 0.01) and 120min insulin (164.0 ± 101.2 versus 85.3 ± 61.9 μIU/mL, P < 0.01) were higher. Conclusions. NAFLD patients with higher BMI, lower HDL-C, or older age were more likely to have impaired glucose metabolism. An OGTT could be of value for early diagnosis of DM among this population. Copyright © 2012 Erifili Hatziagelaki et al.
Current perspectives of insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome; Aims To review the relationship between insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome. Methods A literature review. Results Insulin resistance likely plays a central pathogenic role in polycystic ovary syndrome and may explain the pleiotropic presentation and involvement of multiple organ systems. Insulin resistance in the skeletal muscle of women with polycystic ovary syndrome involves both intrinsic and acquired defects in insulin signalling. The cellular insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome has been further shown to involve a novel post-binding defect in insulin signal transduction. Treatment of insulin resistance through lifestyle therapy or with a diabetes drug has become mainstream therapy in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. However, effects with current pharmacologic treatment with metformin tend to be modest, with limited benefit as an agent to treat infertility. Insulin resistance contributes to increased risk for pregnancy complications, diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk profile in polycystic ovary syndrome, which is further exacerbated by obesity. While numerous studies demonstrate increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, there are limited data showing that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease events. Conclusions Insulin resistance is linked to polycystic ovary syndrome. Further study of lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions that reduce insulin resistance, such as metformin, are needed to demonstrate that they are effective in reducing the risk of diabetes, endometrial abnormalities and cardiovascular disease events in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2011 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK.
A Gender-Specific Nutritional Approach to Women’s Healthcare; Despite women’s low inclusion in disease studies and acceptance of men’s results as universal, gender dichoto my shown in puberty/adolescence with girls’ fat accumulation vs. boys’ fat reduction suggests major metabolic differences and potentially related risk factors and diseases. Women’s evolution for reproduction and fetal/infant nourishment, with a historical advantage vs. scarcity, is now increasingly counteracted by the obesogenic environment. This corroborates recent decline in their healthy life expectancy (LE) and the female-male LE gap. Their higher lifelong body fat% compared to men’s, even with the same BMI, suggest it is metabolically more relevant than BMI; lower abdominal (high risk) fat utilization during weight loss diets; and higher sedentary risks vs. exercise benefits, suggest they need differential strategies against obesity. Premenopausal estrogen protection against abdominal obesity and related metabolic diseases, such as MetS, diabetes, CVD, inflammation, and cancer – that are delayed until menopause but accelerated with later suggests a differential time perspective for intervention. Women’s higher sensitivity to Western trends, including a sedentary lifestyle and obesogenic and high glycemic diet, further emphasizes the urgent need for a gender-specific nutritional approach to women’s care, particularly during critical lifecycle periods. This chapter presents some characteristics of women’s differential risk factors that could support gender nutrition within the PPPM approach. © 2012, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Long–term consequences of maternal obesity and gestational weight gain for of spring obesity and cardiovascular risk: Intrauterine or shared familial mechanisms?; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in low-, middle-, and high-income countries, accounting for a quarter of deaths globally in 2001 [1]. Until recently most of our knowledge concerning etiological risk factors for CVD focused on adulthood. Indeed, there is good evidence that major adult risk factors such as smoking, diet, physical activity, hypertension, and obesity explain much of the variation in geographical and secular trends of CVD incidence and it has been suggested that there is no need to investigate further [2]. However, it has also been known for decades that the pathophysiological process of atherosclerosis begins in childhood and young adulthood [3,4]. Obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors such as hyperlipidemia, high blood pressure, and insulin resistance are present in childhood and track into adulthood [5–8], and a growing body of evidence has consistently shown associations of obesity in childhood and adolescence with mortality and cardiovascular morbidity later in life [9]. The adverse consequences of childhood obesity are not limited to the cardiovascular system, indeed it can affect almost every organ system and has other serious complications such as diabetes, fatty liver, asthma, and may have psychosocial complications as well [10]. In both the USA and in England approximately one in five women of reproductive age is now obese [11,12]. This increasing prevalence of overweight and obesity among women of childbearing age is a growing concern, since, as reviewed in Chapters 5, 8, and 16, obesity in pregnancy is associated with increased risk of most pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), delivery of a large for gestational age baby, and congenital defects [13]. The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity has also increased worldwide in recent decades, though with some possibility that this increase is now leveling [10]. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Methionine, homocysteine, one carbon metabolism and fetal growth; Methionine and folate are the key components of one carbon metabolism, providing the methyl groups for numerous methyl transferase reactions via the ubiquitous methyl donor, s-adenosyl methionine. Methioninemetabolism is responsive to nutrient intake, is regulated by several hormones and requires a number of vitamins (B12, pyridoxine, riboflavin) as co-factors. The critical relationship between perturbations in the mother's methionine metabolism and its impact on fetal growth and development is now becoming evident. The relation of folate intake to fetal teratogenesis has been known for some time. Studies in human pregnancy show a continuous decrease in plasma homocysteine, and an increase in plasma choline concentrations with advancing gestation. A higher rate of transsulfuration of methionine in early gestation and of transmethylation in the 3rd trimester was seen in healthy pregnant women. How these processes are impacted by nutritional, hormonal and other influences in human pregnancy and their effect on fetal growth has not been examined. Isocaloric protein restriction in pregnant rats, resulted in fetal growth restriction and metabolic reprogramming. Isocaloric protein restriction in the nonpregnant rat, resulted in differential expression of a number of genes in the liver, a 50% increase in whole body serine biosynthesis and high rate of transmethylation, suggesting high methylation demands. These responses were associated with a significant decrease in intracellular taurine levels in the liver suggesting a role of cellular osmolarity in the observed metabolic responses. These unique changes in methionine and one carbon metabolism in response to physiological, nutritional and hormonal influences make these processes critical for cellular and organ function and growth. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Mechanisms underlying the developmental origins of disease; It is well established that there is a relationship between patterns of early growth and subsequent risk of development of metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Studies in both humans and in animal models have provided strong evidence that the early environment plays an important role in mediating these relationships. The concept of the developmental origins of health and disease is therefore widely accepted. The mechanisms by which an event in very early life can have a permanent effect on the long-term health of an individual are still relatively poorly understood. However a growing body of evidence has implicated a number of candidate mechanisms. These include permanent changes in an organ structure, programmed changes in gene expression through epigenetic modifications and persistent effects on regulation of cellular ageing. Understanding the extent and nature of these processes may enable the identification of individuals at risk of metabolic disease as well as providing insight into potential preventative and intervention strategies. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Inlfuences of maternal obesity on the health of the of spring: A review of animal models; The prevalence of obesity among women worldwide (Figure 1.1; Chapter 1) is a cause for serious concern, not only for the mother’s health but also that of her children, whether a result of the immediate risk of complications in pregnancy or from more subtle influences on the developing child (Chapters 9, 11, 12, and 13). In this chapter we provide a summary of the role that animal models have played in contributing to our understanding of potential influences of maternal obesity on offspring health in later life. As described in Chapter 9, many observational studies in mother/child cohorts have reported an independent association between maternal BMI and offspring BMI in childhood and adulthood [1,2], but the expected predominance of maternal obesity vs. Paternal obesity in parent–child obesity relationships is not always apparent [3,4]. Alternative explanations for mother–child associations of obesity are that the child inherits obesogenic genes or that they share similar postnatal environments. There is also some suggestion that maternal obesity is associated with the risk of elevated blood pressure and cardiovascular disease in childhood and beyond, but this is limited to a few reports [5–8]. Intervention studies in obese women before or during pregnancy, with follow-up of the children, are likely to provide the strongest test of the hypothesis that obesity per se causes adverse offspring outcomes. Observational studies of siblings whose mothers achieved weight loss through bariatric surgery certainly provide some support; the sibling born to the mother before surgery is more at risk of obesity than the brother or sister born after maternal weight loss [9]. However, randomized controlled trials of interventions have yet to report and in the meantime the theory that obesity in the pregnant woman directly increases the risk of obesity and related disorders through influences on the unborn child remains to be proven. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Early life programming of obesity: The impact of the perinatal environment on the development of obesity and metabolic dysfunction in the offspring; It is now well accepted that early life events can contribute substantially to the likelihood of an individual becoming obese, although many of the mechanisms for this are not well understood. Maternal over- and under-nutrition as well as the postnatal nutritional environment can contribute significantly to obesity throughout life. This review will provide an overview of early life events associated with neuroendocrine programming of obesity and metabolic dysfunction. In particular this review will focus on the long-term impact of perinatal nutrition, as well as the perinatal role of leptin, insulin, and glucocorticoids in programming the hypothalamic circuitry responsible for appropriate regulation of feeding and metabolism throughout life. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Incretin effect in women with former gestational diabetes within a short period after delivery; Background and Aims. Women with former gestational diabetes (fGDM) are characterized by impaired beta-cell function (BC). Incretin hormones contribute to insulin secretion after oral administration of glucose. We aimed to assess the possible role of incretins on altered insulin release in fGDM. Materials and Methods. We studied 104 fGDM women within 6 months after delivery and 35 healthy women after normal pregnancy (CNT) with a 75g oral (OGTT) and a 0.33g/kg intravenous (IVGTT) glucose test, both lasting 3h. The ratio of suprabasal areas under the concentration curves for glucose (dAUC GL) and C-peptide (dAUC CP) evaluated BC during OGTT (BC OG) and IVGTT (BC IV). Incretin effect was computed in all fGDM and in fGDM with normal tolerance (fGDM NGT) and with impaired glucose regulation (fGDM IGR). Results. dAUC GL of fGDM was higher (P < 0.0001) than CNT for both tests; while dAUC CP were not different. BC OG and BC IV were lower in fGDM versus CNT (1.42 ± 0.17 nmol CP / mmol GLUC versus 2.53 ± 0.61, P = 0.015 and 0.41 ± 0.03 versus 0.68 ± 0.10, P = 0.0006, respectively). IE in CNT (66 ± 4 %) was not different from that of all fGDM (59 ± 3) and fGDM NGT (60 ± 3), but higher than that of fGDM IGR (52 ± 6; P = 0.03). IE normalized to BMI was 2.77 ± 0.19 % m 2/kg in CNT, higher than that of fGDM IGR (1.75 ± 0.21; P = 0.02) and also of fGDM NGT (2.33 ± 0.11; P = 0.038). Conclusion. Compromised IE characterizes fGDM IGR. In both fGDM categories, regardless their glucose tolerance, IE normalized to BMI was reduced, signifying an intrinsic characteristic of fGDM. Therefore, the diminished IE of fGDM seems to reflect an early abnormality of the general beta-cell dysfunction in the progression toward type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2012 G. Pacini et al.
Metabolic programming of insulin action and secretion; Type 2 diabetes (T2D), also known as non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, arises as a consequence of peripheral insulin resistance in combination with an inability of pancreatic islet β-cells to secrete adequate amounts of insulin. It is widely recognized that the current environment (e.g. an unhealthy diet and sedentary lifestyle) contributes to this process. In recent years, however, the role of the early environment, particularly nutrition, has emerged as an important factor capable of influencing health and disease risk of an individual, including risk of T2D. The impact of early environment on glucose metabolism has been extensively studied. Compelling evidence from epidemiological studies and animal models suggests that early nutrition can affect insulin action as a mediator of glucose homeostasis in peripheral tissues and as an important regulator of appetite and body weight. The early environment can also affect β-cell mass and function, and hence insulin secretion. The molecular mechanisms underlying the relationship between a suboptimal early environment and impaired insulin action and secretion is thought to include epigenetic modifications of the foetal genome, oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Principles of Clinical Pharmacology; Principles of Clinical Pharmacology is a successful survey covering the pharmacologic principles underlying the individualization of patient therapy and contemporary drug development. This essential reference continues to focus on the basics of clinical pharmacology for the development, evaluation, and clinical use of pharmaceutical products while also addressing the most recent advances in the field. Written by leading experts in academia, industry, clinical and regulatory settings, the third edition has been thoroughly updated to provide readers with an ideal reference covering the wide range of important topics impacting clinical pharmacology as the discipline plays an increasingly significant role in drug development and regulatory science. * Includes new chapters on imaging and the pharmacogenetic basis of adverse drug reactions. * Offers an expanded regulatory section that addresses US and international issues and guidelines. * Provides extended coverage of earlier chapters on transporters, pharmacogenetics and biomarkers and also illustrates the impact of gender on drug response. * Presents a broadened discussion of clinical trials from Phase 1 to incorporate Phases II and III. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The relationship between leukocyte mitochondrial DNA contents and metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women; Objective: Menopause is associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome. There is growing evidence that mitochondrial dysfunction may lead to obesity and insulin resistance, which are major components of metabolic syndrome. The purpose of this study was to illuminate the relationship between mitochondrial function using leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number and metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women. Methods: The present study included 144 postmenopausal women. Women with cardiovascular disease were excluded from the study sample. Anthropometric evaluation and biochemical tests were performed. Leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy numbers were then measured. Results: The levels of leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number were lower among participants with metabolic syndrome than among those without metabolic syndrome (P < 0.01). As the number of components of metabolic syndrome increased, the concentration of leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number decreased (P = 0.02). Leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number was negatively correlated with waist circumference (r =-0.19, P = 0.03), fasting insulin (r =-0.19, P = 0.03), total cholesterol (r =-0.22, P < 0.01), and triglyceride (r =-0.37, P < 0.01). Leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number was positively associated with serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels (r = 0.94, P = <0.01). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number (odds ratio, 0.030; 95% CI, 0.002-0.437, P = 0.01) was independently associated with metabolic syndrome after adjustment for potential confounding variables including age, body mass index, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, adiponectin, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Conclusions: Leukocyte mitochondrial DNA copy number was independently associated with metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women. © 2012 by The North American Menopause Society.
Fetuin-A characteristics during and after pregnancy: Result from a case control pilot study; Objective. Fetuin-A has been associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We investigated fetuin-A levels during and after pregnancy in women with GDM. Fetuin-A measurements were performed in 10 women with GDM and 10 age and body mass index (BMI) matched healthy pregnant women. All women underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in and 3 months after gestation. Results. Fasting fetuin-A correlated with BMI in women with former GDM (r=0.90, P<0.0001) but showed no association with parameters of glucose tolerance in women with GDM or post-GDM. GDM featured significantly lower insulin sensitivity and higher insulin and C-peptide secretion profiles compared to NGT during pregnancy (P<0.05). Fasting and postprandial fetuin-A did not differ between groups, neither during nor after pregnancy. Conclusion. Fetuin-A is not influenced by glucose tolerance during or after pregnancy or acute glucose elevations following glucose ingestion in young women, but closely relates to BMI early postpartum. Copyright © 2012 Serdar Farhan et al.
The metabolic role of retinol binding protein 4: An update; Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP is regarded as a novel cardiometabolic risk factor, which is secreted mainly by the hepatocytes and also by the adipose tissue. RBPhas been shown to induce insulin resistance, and plasma RBPvalues are increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it has been found that circulating RBPdecreases during medical interventions that result in amelioration of the metabolic profile, such as diet, exercise, oral antidiabetic drugs, and hypolipidemic agents. However, only few of the RBPrelated studies have investigated whether RBPconstitutes a causal factor of the above-mentioned metabolic conditions. Importantly, circulating RBPis influenced by some nonmetabolic conditions, such as renal failure, acute illness, injury, and liver failure. Thus, further studies investigating the metabolic roles of RBPshould be carefully planned, taking into account the effects of nonmetabolic conditions on circulating RBP © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
Phylogenesis, etiology and pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Differences from type ii diabetes mellitus; We believe that etiological factor of insulin resistance is phylogenetically late formation of insulin and its specific functionality, i.e., providing energy substrates for the biological function of locomotion. According to biological subordination, insulin cannot change regulation formed at the early stages of phylogenesis in all cells, including those that become insulin-dependent at the late stages of phylogenesis. This involves a) ß-oxidation of fatty acids in the mitochondria, b) synthesis of C 16:0 palmitic saturated fatty acid, c) glucose metabolism in pro- and eukaryotes, d) regulation of biochemical reactions in insulin-independent cells, e) humoral effects of mediators at the level of paracrine cell communities which are structural and functional units of all internal organs, andf) hormonal regulation at the entire organism level. Pathogenetic factors of insulin resistance are biochemical and functional disorders occurring in vivo upon activation of biological functions and reactions that formed phylogenetically earlier than insulin. During phylogenesis the insulin system has intrinsically built up over the regulatory mechanisms of mitochondria, early unicellular organisms and paracrine cell communities. Insulin functionally interacts with them all, but it cannot abolish the effects of any phylogenetically earlier humoral mediator. Insulin resistance is a pathophysiological disparity between humoral regulation of metabolism at the level of phylogenetically earlier paracrine cell communities and at the level of phylogenetically late total organism, on the one hand, and successive phylogenetic formation of passive cellular uptake of fatty acids as unesterified fatty acids and later triglycerides, on the other. If insulin resistance results from changes in the primary structure of transport proteins, in glucose storage and cellular insulin reception, it can be referred to as type II diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes-induced epigenetic signature in vascular cells; Vascular dysfunction is a common consequence of diabetes mellitus. Stable propagation of gene expression from cell to cell generation during development of diseases (like diabetes) is regulated by epigenetic mechanisms. These are heritable patterns of gene expression that cannot solely be explained by changes in DNA sequence. Recent evidence shows that diabetes-induced epigenetic changes can affect gene expression in vascular endothelial cells and vascular smooth muscles cells. Such effects further influence inflammatory and insulin production pathways in these cells and thus ensure a long-term memory, whereby epigenetic changes are maintained even long after restoring normo-glycaemic conditions by appropriate therapeutic approaches. This review focuses on the epigenetic marks, which endure on the vascular chromatin under diabetic conditions. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Biomarkers for diabetes prediction, pathogenesis or pharmacotherapy guidance? Past, present and future possibilities; An ideal biomarker should refine identification of those at risk of disease occurrence or progression, improve prediction of complications of disease, and/or guide and help tailor responses to different therapies. Biomarkers that give insights into disease pathogenesis are also of interest. With this in mind, this review describes biomarker studies relevant to diabetes, focusing on those conducted by the author, his colleagues and collaborators. The review highlights several points. (1) Novel biomarkers may not improve prediction of new-onset diabetes in a meaningful way beyond what can be achieved with simple measures combined with HbA 1c, and a sensible way ahead may be to combine diabetes and cardiovascular disease prediction using HbA 1c and such measures. (2) In terms of disease pathogenesis, associations do not necessarily infer causality; potential for residual confounding and reverse causality should always be borne in mind. The potential relevance of such issues to understanding the relationship of some topical variables/pathways, namely adiponectin, inflammation and vitaminD, with diabetes will be highlighted. (3) How baseline and serial data on biomarkers arising from the liver have improved our understanding of the role of hepatic fat in diabetes pathogenesis will be explored. (4) Future goals for diabetes biomarker research should focus on predicting complications and determining subgroups who may respond better to particular therapies. (5) All novel biomarker research (regardless ofanalytical platforms used) needs to be tested against information available from commonly measured variables in clinical practice. Otherwise, many claims of clinical utility can be exaggerated. In summary, biomarker research in diabetes is continuing apace in a number of areas, but it remains to be seen whether the promise of biomarker research to improve the care of our patients becomes a reality. © 2011 The Author. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK.
Effects of undenatured whey protein supplementation on CXCL12- and CCL21-mediated B and T cell chemotaxis in diabetic mice; Background: Long and persistent uncontrolled diabetes tends to degenerate the immune system and leads to an increased incidence of infection. Whey proteins (WPs) enhance immunity during early life and have a protective role in some immune disorders. In this study, the effects of camel WP on the chemotaxis of B and T cells to CXCL12 and CCL21 in diabetic mice were investigated. Results: Flow cytometric analysis of the surface expressions of CXCR4 (CXCL12 receptor) and CCR7 (CCL21 receptor) on B and T cells revealed that the surface expressions of CXCR4 and CCR7 were not significantly altered in diabetic and WP-supplemented diabetic mice compared with control mice. Nevertheless, B and T lymphocytes from diabetic mice were found to be in a stunned state, with a marked and significant (P < 0.05) decrease in CXCL12- and CCL21-mediated actin polymerization and subsequently, a marked decrease in their chemotaxis. WP supplementation in the diabetes model was found to significantly increase CXCL12- and CCL21-mediated actin polymerization and chemotaxis in both B and T cells. Conclusion: Our data revealed the benefits of WP supplementation in enhancing cytoskeletal rearrangement and chemotaxis in B and T cells, and subsequently improving the immune response in diabetic mice. © 2011 Badr et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Osteocalcin: A link between bone, energy metabolism and disease; Osteocalcin, also known as gamma-carboxyglutamic acid-containing protein or bone gla protein is a small, non-collagenous and highly conserved and secreted protein that is associated with the mineralized matrix of bone. Originally identified in chicken bone, this protein is encoded by the BGLAP (bone gamma-carboxyglutamate protein) gene in human and by the OG1 (osteocalcin gene 1) and OG2 (osteocalcin gene 2) genes in mouse. The osteocalcin protein is expressed at different levels in osteoblasts, chondrocytes, odontoblasts, cementoblasts and cementocytes, however the osteocalcin transcript is reported in ovary, kidney, pancreas, spleen, thymus, prostate, and testis, except bone marrow. Osteocalcin is a well-known determinant of bone formation. Its bone expression, considered to be a specific marker for late osteoblast differentiation, is influenced by various growth factors, hormones, and vitamins including bFGF, IGF-1, TGF-beta, TNF-alpha, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3, endothelin-1, calcitonin, parathyroid hormone, thyroxine (T4) thyroid hormone, tri-iodothyronine (T3) thyroid hormone, glucocorticoid and progesterone. Osteocalcin is classically associated with the regulation of energy homeostasis, such as in the pancreas and adipose tissue. In gonads, osteocalcin is considered as an endocrine regulator of reproduction, by regulating the testosterone synthesis and promoting the germ cell survival. Therefore, the nature of the osteocalcin implication in numerous pathways regulating metabolism and its intervention in crosstalk between energy metabolism, nutrition and bone metabolism, open several potential applications related to this protein in the treatment of metabolic diseases. © 2012 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Potential mechanisms contributing to gestational diabetes and pre–eclampsia in the obese woman; The previous chapter and prior reviews demonstrate clear associations between maternal obesity and a range of pregnancy complications. Chief among these are gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-eclampsia (PE), but other complications are also overrepresented including greater miscarriage risk, more cesarean sections, and even a heightened risk for intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). The present chapter will discuss potential mechanisms linking obesity to GDM and PE. It will discuss postulated pathways, particularly for the obesity–PE link, and will show that many of these causal inferences are generally unfounded or exaggerated. The chapter will also provide a framework for future studies and describe potential strategies whereby the causal pathways may be explored. Obesity and GDM. The strong epidemiological association between obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is well described [1]. Similarly, as noted in the previous chapter, the same is also true for the obesity–GDM link. However, in recent years our understanding of the mechanisms linking obesity to diabetes in the non-pregnant arena has advanced considerably. A brief description of this highly relevant background is helpful for subsequent considerations of the pathways linking obesity to GDM. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
The role of impaired iron and copper metabolism in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-diagnostic and therapeutic implications; Hyperferritinaemia with normal or mildly elevated transferrin saturation is observed in approximately one-third of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and has been named the 'dysmetabolic iron overload syndrome' (DIOS). Current evidence suggests that elevated body iron stores exert a detrimental effect on the clinical course of obesity-related conditions, and that iron removal improves insulin sensitivity and delays the onset of type 2 diabetes. Marginal copper deficiency together with increased fructose consumption may interact with and augment iron perturbations. This review summarises the current knowledge about the dysregulation of iron homeostasis in NAFLD and highlights the rationale for its therapeutic implications. © TOUCH BRIEFINGS 2012.
Oxidative stress and its role in prepubertal children; Oxidative stress, occurring as a consequence of imbalance between the production of oxygen free radicals and inactivation of these species by antioxidant defense system, seems to play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of several diseases. In fact, there are numerous cellular biochemical targets for oxidative stress, all susceptible to long-lasting dangerous effects, especially if they take place early during infancy. Therefore, it is fundamental to obtain data starting in prepuberty to fully explore the intriguing relationship between precocious impairment of the oxidant-antioxidant status and organic alterations, and to preserve prepubertal children to the tracking of disease from infancy to adulthood. Nowadays the identification of children with a highly altered oxidant-antioxidant status is possible through accurate analysis. Much work still needs to be done to offer appropriate treatments aiming to guarantee a good quality of life for the young patients. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. All rights reserved.
Can serum gamma-glutamyltransferase levels be useful at diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus?; Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate plasma gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women at oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and the diagnosis of GDM and to explore whether this activity is associated with metabolic parameters. Method: This prospective control study included 37 women with GDM and 42 women with normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy (control group). In the study group (GDM), blood was taken for analyzing 100g OGTT from women who have abnormal 50g glucose challenge test (GCT). Results: Compared with the controls, the GDM group had significantly higher mean values for serum fasting glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride and GGT. Within the GDM group, GGT levels were only negatively correlated with high-density lipoprotein (r=-0.41, p=0.01). GGT was determined to be an independent metabolic parameter for GDM. While performing analyses receiver operational curve analysis, GGT cutoff set was set at 16 IU/L, the sensitivity was calculated as 86%, and specificity was as 37%. Conclusion: The increase at GGT level is an independent risk factor for GDM and identified as high-risk women for diagnosis of GDM. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Influence of nutritional variables and obesity on health and metabolism; Obesity is a recurring theme in current scientific literature. This can easily be explained by its exponential increase in all layers of society. The popularity of this subject has also given rise to associated questions, which have achieved greater prominence in healthrelated publications. In order to assess what has been studied in the field of obesity and nutrition, an overview of all articles published on these subjects in some of the main Brazilian scientific journals over the past two years was performed. Among the subthemes selected for this study, those related to childhood obesity attracted attention due to their greater frequency. These were subdivided into: prevalence, intrauterine and breastfeeding influences that may lead to the development of this condition, impact on quality of life, cardiovascular system and metabolism, and possible prevention strategies. Furthermore, issues related to obesity in adults were explored, such as risk factors and new strategies for prevention, with special attention given to the many studies evaluating different aspects of bariatric surgery. Finally, the subject of malnutrition and the impact of the deficiency of specific micronutrients such as selenium, vitamin D, and vitamin B12 were assessed. Based on the results, it was possible to assess the actual importance of obesity and nutrition in health maintenance, and also the several lines of research regarding these issues. Thus, it is essential to create new methods, which must be quick and efficient, to update health professionals involved in the treatment of obesity. © 2012 Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
Aging and adipose tissue; This chapter describes how aging is associated with fat tissue redistribution from subcutaneous to visceral depots. This redistribution is correlated with and may cause insulin resistance and metabolic complications, as well as functional decline and mortality in the elderly. As subcutaneous fat loses its ability to store lipids, circulating fatty acids are elevated, with fatty acids being deposited ectopically, further contributing to metabolic dysfunction. Circulating free fatty acids (FFAs) are toxic to most cell types, including aged preadipocytes, potentially exacerbating fat tissue dysfunction and establishing a vicious cycle. Thus, when the main function of fat tissue, lipid storage, which requires fat cells to be able to increase in size and preadipocytes to differentiate into new fat cells, becomes dysregulated, the other functions of adipose tissue are disrupted, including immune, hormonal/paracrine regulation, and mechanical protection. Aging and obesity exert similar effects on metabolic function and share clinical consequences. Aging and obesity are both associated with increased inflammatory cytokines in adipose tissue and systemically. These cytokines, together with reduced anti-inflammatory factor generation (e.g., adiponectin, IL-10), may have a causal role in the generation of insulin resistance, impaired glucose metabolism, and systemic inflammation and are potential targets for future therapeutic interventions. However, there are notable differences between the cellular and the molecular mechanisms of fat tissue dysfunction in aging and obesity, including differences in extent of macrophage infiltration, fat cell size, and gene expression profiles. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Does physical inactivity cause nonalcoholic fatty liver disease?; While physical activity represents a key element in the prevention and management of many chronic diseases, we and others believe that physical inactivity is a primary cause of obesity and associated metabolic disorders. Unfortunately, accumulating evidence suggests that we have engineered physical activity out of our normal daily living activity. One such consequence of our sedentary and excessive lifestyle is nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is now considered the most common cause of chronic liver disease in Westernized societies. In this review, we will present evidence that physical inactivity, low aerobic fitness, and overnutrition, either separately or in combination, are an underlying cause of NAFLD. Copyright © 2011 the American Physiological Society.
IL-37 (IL-1F7) the newest anti-inflammatory cytokine which suppresses immune responses and inflammation; Cytokines such as interleukins, chemokines and interferons are immunomodulating and inflammatory agents, characterized by considerable redundancy, in that many cytokines appear to share similar functions. Virtually all nucleated cells, but especially epithelial cells and macrophages, are potent producers of cytokines. The objective of this study is to review the detailed mechanism of action and the biological profiles of IL-37, the newest anti-inflammatory cytokine. This review focuses on IL-37, a key cytokine in regulating inflammatory responses, mainly by inhibiting the expression, production and function of proinflammatory cytokines: IL-1 family pro-inflammatory effects are markedly suppressed by IL-37. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Triglycerides as an early pathophysiological marker of endothelial dysfunction in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes; Objective. To investigate whether baseline triglyceride levels are associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or cardiovascular risk in women with a previous history of gestational diabetes. Design. Prospective postpregnancy cohort study. Setting. Polish university hospitals. Sample. Participants included 125 women with previous gestational diabetes and 40 women with normal glucose regulation during pregnancy. Methods. All women were studied 2-24months (mean 12±10months) after the index pregnancy. Women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into tertiles in accordance with baseline triglyceride levels. Main Outcome Measures. We assessed glucose regulation (oral glucose tolerance test), insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment), markers of endothelial dysfunction (soluble: intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, E-selectin, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, von Willebrand factor antigen), fibrinolysis (plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen), inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein) and lipid levels. Results. Women with previous gestational diabetes (78% normal glucose regulation, 22% impaired glucose tolerance) had a high cardiometabolic risk profile compared with control women (100% normal glucose regulation). Baseline triglycerides >0.83mmol/l were associated with a higher prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance, higher high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio. Triglycerides >1.22mmol/l were associated with higher body fat indexes, higher insulin resistance, higher levels of endothelial dysfunction biomarkers, higher plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen and dyslipidemia. Only E-selectin was independently associated with triglyceride levels. Conclusions. Baseline triglyceride levels are a cardiovascular risk marker as well as a pathophysiological parameter independently associated with endothelial dysfunction in nondiabetic women with previous gestational diabetes at 2-24months after an index pregnancy. Normalization of triglycerides should be included in preventive therapy after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes. © 2012 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Endothelial cells, cholesterol, cytokines, and aging; It has been reported that high levels of cholesterol and triglycerides are associated with increased risk of developing atherosclerosis and shorter life. In fact, vascular endothelial dysfunction occurs during the human aging process. Accumulation of lipids in vascular endothelium activates leukocytes to produce cytokines and chemokines which recruit macrophages. On the other hand, macrophages augment inflammatory response and secrete vascular endothelial growth factor, a key cytokine that mediates angiogenesis and inflammatory response. In addition, hyperlipidaemia is one of the main risk factors for aging, hypertension and diabetes. Here, we review the interrelationship between endothelial cells, high level of cholesterol, and aging. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Fetuin-A and angiopoietins in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Although type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic metabolic disorder with multiple etiologies, obesity has been constantly linked with insulin resistance and manifestation of type 2 DM. In addition, obesity is associated with hypertension, dyslipidemia, and fatty liver disease and is regarded as a subclinical inflammatory condition characterized by release of pro-inflammatory mediators such as cytokines from adipose tissue. Both, type 2 DM and obesity are considered as major risks for developing micro- and macrovascular diseases. Recent studies showed that impaired circulating levels of fetuin-A, which is involved in propagating insulin resistance as well as circulating levels of angiopoietins, which are growth factors promoting angiogenesis, were observed in patients with obesity, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 DM. However, independent of type 2 DM and obesity, defective regulation of fetuin-A and angiopoietin are playing a critical role in predisposing to coronary and peripheral vascular diseases. Therefore, mechanisms linking type 2 DM and obesity with fetuin-A and angiopoietins seem to be complex and are in need of further exploration. In this review, we aimed to present a summary concerning associations of type 2 diabetes, obesity, and vascular diseases with circulating levels of angiopoietins and fetuin-A. Furthermore, we aimed to focus on roles of fetuin-A and angiopoietins and to highlight the most plausible mechanisms that might explain their associations with type 2 DM and obesity. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Epidemiology of Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity; Type 2 diabetes has been viewed as a disorder in middle-aged adults and the elderly. However, in the last few decades, type 2 diabetes has appeared in younger adults and adolescents. It is an emerging problem around the world, particularly among people of minority ethnicity. In North America, type 2 diabetes mellitus comprises 30% of all newly diagnosed diabetes in patients 10-20 years of age [1]. This epidemic is closely associated with the prevalence of obesity among youth of all backgrounds. There is a clear relationship between insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, increased visceral adipose tissue, and obesity [2]. © 2013 by Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.
Epidemiology including youth through adulthood and socioeconomic impact; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a major public health issue affecting populations around the world. Projections based on demographics and expected shifts in population density suggest that this is going to be a long-term problem with major increases in the number of individuals with T2D over the course of the next few decades. Understanding the extent of the existing health problem caused by T2D puts into perspective the urgent need for programs to prevent T2D and its complications. In this chapter I will address recent estimates for the prevalence of diabetes along with changes in the patterns of prevalence, especially the emergence of T2D in youth. The evidence for diabetes risk factors, categorized as either fi xed, related to early life, or modi fi able, will be assessed including underlying issues with the means of measurement. Again special mention will be given to the evidence for measures of risk in childhood. Finally, the data for the current socioeconomic impact of diabetes will be considered along with the evidence for the cost-effectiveness of T2D prevention. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2012.
Increased maternal fat consumption during pregnancy alters body composition in neonatal mice; Maternal overnutrition prior to and during gestation causes pronounced metabolic dysfunction in the adult offspring. However, less is known about metabolic adaptations in the offspring that occur independently of postnatal growth and nutrition. Therefore, we evaluated the impact of excess maternal dietary lipid intake on the in utero programming of body composition, hepatic function, and hypothalamic development in newborn (P0) offspring. Female mice were fed a low-fat (LF) or high-fat (HF) diet and were mated after 4, 12, and 23 wk. A subset of the obese HF dams was switched to the LF diet during the second (DR2) or third (DR3) pregnancies. The HF offspring accrued more fat mass than the LF pups, regardless of duration of maternal HF diet consumption or prepregnancy maternal adiposity. Increased neonatal adiposity was not observed in the DR3 pups. Liver weights were reduced in the HF offspring but not in the DR2 or DR3 pups. Offspring hepatic triglyceride content was reduced in the HF pups, but hepatic inflammation and expression of lipid metabolism genes were largely unaffected by maternal diet. Maternal diet did not alter the hypothalamic expression of orexigenic and anorexigenic neuropeptides in the offspring. Thus, the intrauterine programming of increased neonatal adiposity and reduced liver size by maternal overnutrition is evident in mice at birth and occurs prior to the development of maternal obesity. These observations demonstrate that dietary intervention during pregnancy minimizes the deleterious effects of maternal obesity on offspring body composition, potentially reducing the offsprings' risk of developing obesity and related diseases later in life. © 2011 the American Physiological Society.
The endocrine role of the skeleton: Background and clinical evidence; Based on the observation that diabetes, obesity, and hypogonadism influence bone metabolism, the existence of a feedback loop and a common regulation was postulated and an endocrine role ascribed to the skeleton. In the first part of this review, two pathways are described whereby adipose tissue acts on bone mass. In the first, leptin activates the sympathetic nervous system via serotonin and diminishes bone mass accrual. The second pathway functions via the activation of CART (CARTPT) and inhibits bone resorption. The first pathway leads to a decrease in bioactivity of the osteoblast-produced hormone osteocalcin (OC) (part 2). In its undercarboxylated form, OC acts on the three targets pancreas, adipose tissue, and gonads (part 3) and thereby causes an increase in insulin secretion and sensitivity, β-cell proliferation, and male fertility. Insulin (part 4) is part of a recently discovered regulatory feedback loop between pancreas and osteoblasts. It is a strong counterplayer of leptin as it causes a decrease in OPG expression and enhances bone resorption and OC decarboxylation. Numerous clinical studies (part 5) have shown associations of total and undercarboxylated OC and markers of energy metabolism. Interventional studies, to date only performed in murine models, have shown positive effects of OC administration on energy metabolism. Whether bone tissue has an even further-reaching endocrine role remains to be elucidated. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology.
Long-term dietary potential renal acid load during adolescence is prospectively associated with indices of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in young women; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), frequently already present in young subjects, has been linked to reduced growth hormone levels and signaling. Similar hormonal changes occur during metabolic acidosis (MA), which may thus contribute to an increased NAFLD risk. Because subclinical MA can be diet induced, we aimed to examine whether a higher dietdependent acid load during adolescence is prospectively associated with several currently used NAFLD surrogates in young adulthood. Dietary acidity during adolescence (boys:10-15 y, girls: 9-14 y) was calculated as potential renal acid load (PRAL) from at least three 3-d weighed dietary records according to a published algorithm considering dietary protein and minerals in 145 healthy participants. Routine measurements derived from blood analysis and anthropometric data in participants' young adulthood (18-25 y) were used to determine the NAFLD surrogates alanine-aminotransferase (ALT), hepatic steatosis index (HSI), and fatty liver index (FLI). Sex-stratified linear regression models, adjusted for dietary fiber, saturated fat, protein, and adolescent BMI SD scores, were run with PRAL as the independent variable. Dietary PRAL during puberty was positively associated with ALT (P = 0.02), HSI (P = 0.002), and FLI (P = 0.005) in adult females but not males. Females with an adolescent dietary acid load in the highest tertile had 3.5, 4.4, and 4.5 higher values of ALT, HSI, and FLI as adults, respectively, compared to females with the lowest PRAL. The present findings suggest that higher dietary acidity in adolescence may be prospectively associated with hepatic lipid accumulation in females. Whether this relationship is due to the higher proton load or rather represents an unhealthy dietary pattern requires further investigation. © 2012 American Society for Nutrition.
Intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: How can we reduce the burdens of these conditions on the health of future generations?; Prepregnancy overweight or obesity and excessive gestational weight gain have been associated with increased risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Moreover, offspring from obese women are more likely to develop obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases in their lifetime. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications associated with obesity and appears to have a direct impact on the future metabolic health of the child. Fetal programming of metabolic function induced by obesity and GDM may have intergenerational effect and thus perpetuate the epidemic of cardiometabolic conditions. The present paper thus aims at discussing the impact of maternal obesity and GDM on the developmental programming of obesity and metabolic disorders in the offspring. The main interventions designed to reduce maternal obesity and GDM and their ability to break the vicious circle that perpetuates the transmission of obesity and metabolic conditions to the next generations are also addressed. Copyright © 2011 Marie-Claude Battista et al.
Suppression of retinol-binding protein 4 with RNA oligonucleotide prevents high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice; Conflicting data have been reported regarding the role of retinol-binding protein (RBP4) in insulin resistance, obesity, type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In this study, we used pharmacological methods to investigate the role of RBP4. RNA oligonucleotide against RBP4 (anti-RBP4 oligo) was transfected into 3T3-L1 adipocytes. RT-PCR analysis showed that RBP4 mRNA expression decreased by 55% (p < 0.01) compared with control cells. Validated RNA oligo was used in an in vivo study with high fat diet (HFD) fed - mice. 14 weeks of HFD feeding increased RBP4 expression (associated with elevated serum levels measured with immunoblotting and ELISA) by 56% in adipose tissue (p < 0.05) and 68% in the liver (p < 0.01). Adipose RBP4 levels were significantly reduced after 4 weeks treatment with anti-RBP4 oligo (25 mg/kg, p < 0.01) and rosiglitazone (RSG, 10 mg/kg, p < 0.05) compared with scrambled RNA oligo (25 mg/kg) treated mice. Only anti-RBP4 oligo significantly inhibited RBP4 protein (p < 0.01) and mRNA expression (p < 0.01) in the liver and reduced serum RBP4 levels. Anti-RBP4 oligo and RSG showed comparable effects on impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglycaemia. Anti-RBP4 oligo significantly enhanced adipose-GLUT4 expression (p < 0.01) but did not increase muscle-GLUT4. Both RSG and anti-RBP4 oligo significantly reduced hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase expression (both p < 0.05). Histological analysis revealed that anti-RBP4 oligo ameliorated hepatic steatosis and reduced lipid droplets associated with normalized liver function. Histological and pharmacological results of this study indicate that RBP4 is not only an adipocytokine, but also a hepatic cytokine leading to metabolic syndrome, NAFLD and type 2 diabetes. © 2011 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Insulin resistance and epigenetic regulation: Insights from human studies and prospects for future research; In this study, we review the current knowledge and recent insights on the role of epigenetic factors in the development of human insulin resistance (IR)- and metabolic syndrome (MS)-related phenotypes, and attempt to lay a framework to consider IR as a potentially reversible incapacity to control metabolic homeostasis that is strongly influenced by the interplay between external and internal cues. We summarize the evidence on how tissue-specific epigenetic markers participate either by activating or repressing the gene expression programs to modulate IR- and MS-associated traits. Some additional data are provided about how the exploration of DNA methylation markers in peripheral blood mononuclear cells potentially offers appealing information about the impact of epigenetics in the pathogenesis of IR. Clues about the relation between IR and impaired intrauterine growth explained by fetal metabolic programming and epigenetic modifications are shown, including novel findings about the impact of histone modifications. For instance, we observed that specific epigenetic factors in genes associated with mitochondrial biogenesis may be associated with birth weight. Furthermore, some prospective ideas about the functional consequences of genetic variation modulated by allele-specific epigenetic markers and its impact on MS susceptibility are also illustrated. Finally, we summarize the current knowledge of epigenetics as the biological rationale for potential therapeutic intervention in IR and MS. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston 2011.
The association between maternal oxidative stress at mid-gestation and subsequent pregnancy complications; Objective: To investigate the association between maternal oxidative stress at mid-gestation and subsequent development of pregnancy complications. Study design: A total of 503 healthy pregnant women provided their blood and urine samples at 24 to 26 weeks of gestation and were prospectively followed through postpartum. These samples were used to assess a variety of oxidative stress markers, including plasma total antioxidant capacity, 8-isoprostane, erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase activity, and urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG). Results: Compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies, significantly higher plasma 8-isoprostane levels were noted in women who developed preeclampsia (P =.008) and small-for-gestational age infants (P =.002), while higher urinary 8-OHdG concentrations were noted in women who subsequently had low-birth-weight neonates (<2500 g, P =.043). Conclusion: Increased maternal oxidative stress at mid-gestation was associated with subsequent pregnancy complications. © The Author(s) 2012.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in type 2 diabetes: Pathogenesis and treatment options; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a common disorder and its prevalence is expected to increase due to the rising incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity. NAFLD is associated with increased mortality rates and cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in these patients. The pathogenesis of NAFLD is not completely elucidated but insulin resistance and oxidative stress appear to play a major role. NAFLD is more prevalent and more severe in patients with T2DM. A multitude of pharmacological agents have been evaluated in NAFLD but most studies were small, short-term and yielded unsatisfactory results in terms of efficacy. Patients with T2DM and NAFLD appear to be even less responsive to the evaluated agents. Thus, the optimal management strategy for NAFLD remains unclear. On the other hand, preliminary data suggest that lifestyle intervention can reduce the incidence of NAFLD in overweight or obese patients with T2DM. Accordingly, prevention of obesity and T2DM is of paramount importance for the reduction of the prevalence of NAFLD and of its associated cardiovascular and liver-related complications. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Diabetes and alpha lipoic acid; Diabetes mellitus is a multi-faceted metabolic disorder where there is increased oxidative stress that contributes to the pathogenesis of this debilitating disease. This has prompted several investigations into the use of antioxidants as a complementary therapeutic approach. Alpha lipoic acid, a naturally occurring dithiol compound which plays an essential role in mitochondrial bioenergetic reactions, has gained considerable attention as an antioxidant for use in managing diabetic complications. Lipoic acid quenches reactive oxygen species, chelates metal ions, and reduces the oxidized forms of other antioxidants such as vitamin C, vitamin E, and glutathione. It also boosts antioxidant defense system through Nrf-2-mediated antioxidant gene expression and by modulation of peroxisome proliferator activated receptors-regulated genes. ALA inhibits nuclear factor kappa B and activates AMPK in skeletal muscles, which in turn have a plethora of metabolic consequences. These diverse actions suggest that lipoic acid acts by multiple mechanisms, many of which have only been uncovered recently. In this review we briefly summarize the known biochemical properties of lipoic acid and then discussed the oxidative mechanisms implicated in diabetic complications and the mechanisms by which lipoic acid may ameliorate these reactions. The findings of some of the clinical trials in which lipoic acid administration has been tested in diabetic patients during the last 10 years are summarized. It appears that the clearest benefit of lipoic acid supplementation is in patients with diabetic neuropathy. © 2011 Golbidi, Badran and Laher.
Severe maternal hyperglycemia exacerbates the development of insulin resistance and fatty liver in the offspring on high fat diet; Background. Adverse maternal environments may predispose the offspring to metabolic syndrome in adulthoods, but the underlying mechanism has not been fully understood. Methods. Maternal hyperglycemia was induced by streptozotocin (STZ) injection while control (CON) rats received citrate buffer. Litters were adjusted to eight pups per dam and then weaned to standard diet. Since 13 weeks old, a subset of offspring from STZ and CON dams were switched to high fat diet (HFD) for another 13 weeks. Glucose and insulin tolerance tests (GTT and ITT) and insulin secretion assay were performed; serum levels of lipids and leptin were measured. Hepatic fat accumulation and islet area were evaluated through haematoxylin and eosin staining. Results. STZ offspring exhibited lower survival rate, lower birth weights, and growth inhibition which persisted throughout the study. STZ offspring on HFD showed more severe impairment in GTT and ITT, and more profound hepatic steatosis and more severe hyperlipidemia compared with CON-HFD rats. Conclusions. Offspring from diabetic dams would be prone to exhibit low birth weight and postnatal growth inhibition, but could maintain normal glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. HFD accelerates development of insulin resistance in the offspring of diabetic dams mainly via a compensatory response of islets. Copyright © 2012 Yong Song et al.
The extended nutrigenomics - understanding the interplay between the genomes of food, gut microbes, and human host; Comprehensive investigation of nutritional health effects at the molecular level requires the understanding of the interplay between three genomes, the food, the gut microbial, and the human host genome. Food genomes are researched for discovery and exploitation of macro and micronutrients as well as specific bioactives, with those genes coding for bioactive proteins and peptides being of central interest.The human gut microbiota encompasses a complex ecosystem in the intestine with profound impact on host metabolism. It is being studied at genomic and, more recently, also at proteomic and metabonomic level. Humans are being characterized at the level of genetic pre-disposition and inter-individual variability in terms of (i) response to nutritional interventions and direction of health trajectories; (ii) epigenetic, metabolic programming at certain life stages with health consequences later in life and even for subsequent generations; and (iii) acute genomic expression as a holistic response to diet, monitored at gene transcript, protein and metabolite level. Modern nutrition science explores health-related aspects of bioactive food components, thereby promoting health, preventing, or delaying the onset of disease, optimizing performance and assessing benefits and risks in individuals and subpopulations. Personalized nutrition means adapting food to individual needs, depending on the human host's life stage, -style, and -situation. Traditionally, nutrigenomics and nutri(epi)genetics are seen as the key sciences to understand human variability in preferences and requirements for diet as well as responses to nutrition. This article puts the three nutrition and health-relevant genomes into perspective, namely the food, the gut microbial and the human host's genome, and calls for an "extended nutrigenomics" approach in order to build the future tools for personalized nutrition, health maintenance, and disease prevention. We discuss examples of these genomes, proteomes, transcriptomes, and metabolomes under the definition of genomics as the overarching term covering essentially all Omics rather than the sole study of DNA and RNA. © 2011 Kussmann and Bladeren.
Who should we target for diabetes prevention and diabetes risk reduction?; Screening for individual diabetes risk is crucial to identify adult and pediatric high-risk target populations for referral into successful diabetes prevention programs. Determination of impaired glucose tolerance or elevated fasting glucose levels has been the "gold standard" to classify subjects at increased risk for and/or to diagnose type 2 diabetes (T2DM). However, this led to ignoring many individuals prone to develop the disease. Therefore, using a stepped strategy consisting of a preliminary assessment of risk factors, by using risk scores such as the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC) adapted to the respective population, followed by a single blood test determining blood glucose or hemoglobin A1c, respectively, or an oral glucose tolerance test is a feasible and pragmatic method to more accurately detect individuals at risk for T2DM. Inclusion of further risk factors into the assessment such as physical inactivity, waist circumference, and prenatal factors needs to be thoroughly discussed to establish a valid and reliable stepped approach applicable to real world health care. This article provides an overview of the current literature and is intentionally focused on the identification of high-risk populations (both adult and pediatric) that will help to address the key issues around the prevention of T2DM in health care settings. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease markers are associated with insulin resistance in type 1 diabetes; Background Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has been associated with the insulin resistance. Aims To explore the relationship between markers of NAFLD, namely concentrations of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALK), γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT), ferritin and bilirubin and insulin resistance in type 1 diabetes. Methods Our study included 353 patients with type 1 diabetes. Insulin sensitivity was measured with estimated glucose disposal rate calculated using the equation: eGDR = 24.31 - (12.22 × WHR) - (3.29 × HT) - (0.57 × HbA1c); WHR = waist to hip ratio, HT = hypertension. Correlations and multiple logistic regressions analysis were performed to identify the relationships between NAFLD associated markers and eGDR, individual components of insulin resistance and risk of insulin resistance. Results AST, ALT, AST-to-ALT ratio, ALK and ferritin significantly correlated with insulin resistance measured by eGDR (r = -0.13, -0.14, 0.13, -0.18, and -0.24, respectively; all P<0.05), and with individual components of insulin resistance, most notably WHR. In a multiple logistic regression model adjusted according to age, sex, duration of diabetes and BMI, increased levels of AST, ALT and ALK resulted in an increased risk for the development of insulin resistance in our subjects (OR = 1.03, 1.02, and 1.01, respectively; all P<0.05). Conclusions These findings indicate that higher levels of ALT, AST and ALK are additional markers of insulin resistance in type 1 diabetes and suggest that those subjects must be considered as potentially affected not only by a hepatic but also by a multisystemic disease through altered insulin sensitivity. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Exercise and the liver: Implications for therapy in fatty liver disorders; The increasing recognition that fatty liver plays a direct role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular and metabolic disease has resulted in significant research enquiry into the efficacy of lifestyle therapy in modulating liver fat. Recently, this has extended to the specific investigation of a possible independent benefit of physical activity/exercise in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In this article we review the effect of acute and regular exercise (training) on metabolism, including liver glucose and lipid metabolism, and the available human trials that have compared the benefit of regular exercise versus a nonexercise control on liver fat. The limited human research suggests that exercise can reduce liver fat and that this benefit may be mediated, in part, by a reduction in hepatic lipogenesis. The relative importance of extrahepatic adaptations and acute versus regular exercise in explaining this benefit are discussed. From a clinical perspective, the revelation of a benefit of exercise per se offers a novel approach for liver fat reduction, and highlights the importance of incorporating fitness assessment and prescription in the management of patients with fatty liver disorders. Implementation of exercise therapy in a clinical setting is arguably the biggest challenge because evidence shows that mere provision of information about the benefits of exercise and/or exercise prescription to the patient does not translate to positive outcomes. Rather, the focus should be on implementing strategies to promote behavior change including regular contact and assessment with a health care professional, self-monitoring, and personalization of goals that focus on changing physical activity behavior. © 2012 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Maternal diet and nutritional status and risk of obesity in the child: The role of epigenetic mechanisms; Other chapters in this volume address the possibilities that maternal gestational weight gain, maternal obesity, and gestational diabetes influence the risk of obesity in the developing offspring through adverse influences of the intrauterine environment during periods of developmental plasticity. In this chapter we review the literature, which suggests that epigenetic modulation of gene expression is likely to serve as one of the more promiscuous molecular mechanisms with which these maternal and early developmental footprints are cast. Together with other potential mechanisms (e.g., establishment and perturbation of the microbiome) layered epigenomic regulation, genomic instability, and molecular and developmental biology are altering our understanding as to how the developmental origins of obesity and associated metabolic disease take their roots. Epigenetic modifications and the developmental origins of health and disease. While genomic DNA is the template of our heredity, it is the coordination and regulation of its expression that results in the wide complexity and diversity seen among organisms. In the “postgenomic era,” investigators have begun to appreciate higher order architectural features of the genome, which include not only single nucleotide variance in gene regulatory regions (e.g., single nucleotide polymorphisms, or SNPs), but also genomic structural variation (i.e., copy number imbalance through large insertions or deletions). Collectively, structural rearrangements acting in concert with allelic polymorphisms contribute to the genomic landscape from which disease phenotypes arise. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longerterm sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life. © 2012 American Physiological Society.
Energy expenditure regulation via macrophage migration inhibitory factor in obesity and in vitro anti-macrophage migration inhibitory factor effect of Alpinia officinarum Hance extraction; Objective: To compare the resting energy expenditure in different macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) genotypes and to identify the in vitro effects of Alpinia officinarum Hance extract (AOHE) on MIF expression in obese and nonobese persons.Methods: In the fasting state, obese and nonobese persons were assessed for the measurement of resting energy expenditure rate (REE) by indirect calorimetry. We compared it with the expected amount ([REE measured by indirect calorimetry / predicted REE according to Harris Benedict equations] × 100). Participants were classified into those with normal REE (≥100) vs those with impaired REE (<100). Body composition was analyzed. Real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed using specific primer pairs for MIF messenger RNA, and β-actin was used as the internal control.Results: The study included 69 obese and 103 non-obese participants. The proportions of MIF genotypes were slightly different in obese and nonobese participants. However, the proportions of MIF genotypes were significantly different in participants with normal REE and those with low REE. The MIF gene was highly expressed in the obese group compared with MIF expression in the nonobese group. Body fat mass and MIF expression were higher in participants with the GG genotype than in the other genotype groups. MIF expression was inversely associated with REE in both groups (r = -0.36, P = .04). After treatment of peripheral blood mononuclear cells with AOHE, MIF expression differed according to MIF genotype.Conclusions: Our results indicate that AOHE is a major modulator of MIF-dependent pathologic conditions in obesity and are consistent with mounting evidence that defines a regulating role for MIF in cytokine production in an inflammatory state in in vitro studies. © 2012 AACE.
The value of pre-operative magnetic resonance spectroscopy in the assessment of steatohepatitis in patients with colorectal liver metastasis; Background & Aims: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy prior to liver surgery for colorectal metastases can cause marked steatosis (≥33%) and steatohepatitis defined by non-alcoholic fatty liver disease activity score (NAS) as adverse effects on liver parenchyma. The aim of this study was to evaluate the steatosis level prior to liver resection using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( 1H MRS) and to compare it with digital quantification of steatosis (DQS) and "classical" histopathology. Methods: 1H MRS at 3T evaluated steatosis in 35 patients with colorectal liver metastasis, planned for liver resection. Non-tumorous liver parenchyma samples were obtained after surgery for classical histopathology and DQS utilising automated software for quantification of histopathological slides using image processing. Results: Classical histopathology defined marked steatosis in nine patients. Histopathology was less reliable than DQS (interclass correlation coefficient - ICC 0.771) or 1H MRS (ICC 0.722) in steatosis estimation. 1H MRS showed very similar steatosis levels and high reliability compared to DQS (ICC 0.955). Steatohepatitis was observed in seven patients (NAS ≥4) and 1H MRS was able to predict it with 100% sensitivity and 89% specificity at threshold 10.9%, without knowing lobular inflammation or hepatocyte ballooning. BMI was significantly higher in the groups with marked steatosis and steatohepatitis. Standard blood tests or chemotherapy had no predictive value. Conclusions: 1H MRS is a reliable non-invasive tool for steatosis assessment, and interestingly, it was able to predict steatohepatitis defined by NAS ≥4 in patients planned for liver resection of colorectal metastases after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. © 2011 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
IL-36 a new member of the IL-1 family cytokines; Interleukin-36 (IL-36) is a pro-inflammatory cytokine which plays an important role in innate and adaptive immunity. IL-36 activates MAPK and NF-KB pathways and is produced by many different cells. This cytokine is a family member of interleukin-1 (IL-1) and plays an important role in the pathophysiology of several diseases. Here we summarise and review the new aspects of this important pro-inflammatory cytokine. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Estimating hepatic glucokinase activity using a simple model of lactate kinetics; OBJECTIVE - Glucokinase (GCK) acts as a component of the "glucose sensor" in pancreatic β-cells and possibly in other tissues, including the brain. However, >99% of GCK in the body is located in the liver, where it serves as a "gatekeeper", determining the rate of hepatic glucose phosphorylation. Mutations in GCK are a cause of maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), and GCKR, the regulator of GCK in the liver, is a diabetes susceptibility locus. In addition, several GCK activators are being studied as potential regulators of blood glucose. The ability to estimate liver GCK activity in vivo for genetic and pharmacologic studies may provide important physiologic insights into the regulation of hepatic glucose metabolism. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Here we introduce a simple, linear, two-compartment kinetic model that exploits lactate and glucose kinetics observed during the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) to estimate liver GCK activity (K GK), glycolysis (K 12), and whole body fractional lactate clearance (K 01). RESULTS - To test our working model of lactate, we used cross-sectional FSIGT data on 142 nondiabetic individuals chosen at random from the Finland-United States Investigation of NIDDM Genetics study cohort. Parameters K GK, K 12, and K 01 were precisely estimated. Median model parameter estimates were consistent with previously published values. CONCLUSIONS - This novel model of lactate kinetics extends the utility of the FSIGT protocol beyond whole-body glucose homeostasis by providing estimates for indices pertaining to hepatic glucose metabolism, including hepatic GCK activity and glycolysis rate. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association.
Effects of Teucrium polium ethyl acetate extract on serum, liver and muscle triglyceride content of sucrose-induced insulin resistance in rat; Possessing putative hypolipidemic effects, Teucrium polium (TP) have been traditionally used as a medicinal plant in Iran. The aim of the present study was to investigate this effect on the sucrose-induced insulin resistance male rat model. Thirty Wistar male rats weighting 180 ± 20 g were divided into five groups of six each. Four groups were given sucrose 50% in drinking water for 10 weeks. In 8th week of treatment, three groups of them were randomly selected and treated with Teucrium polium (T. polium) ethyl acetate extract (50, 100 and 200 mg/Kg for two weeks). Control animals were fed using normal rat chow. After ten weeks, blood samples were collected from the heart. Blood Glucose, insulin, leptin, lipid content and fasting insulin resistance index (FIRI) as well as liver and muscle glycogen and lipid contents were determined. Final data were analyzed by ANOVA and post-hoc Tukey's test. Liver glycogen contents and blood levels of glucose and insulin were significantly increased in high sucrose (HS) group compared with control group. A significant decrease was observed in blood glucose and insulin levels, FIRI, serum total lipid, triglyceride and VLDL-c as well as the liver triglyceride level, muscle and liver glycogen contents in 100 and 200 mg/Kg of TP-treated groups compared with HS group. Leptin level was significantly decreased in 50 and 100 mg/Kg groups compared with HS group. The treatment with T. polium ethyl acetate extract (TP-EAE) induced a dose-dependent reduction in serum, liver and muscle triglyceride (TG) and liver glycogen content levels, as well as serum insulin. These effects may be attributed, in part, to the hypolipidemic effect of TP flavonoids; otherwise, the hepatoprotective and antioxidant activity of TP-EAE may improve the liver function and reverse harmful sucrose effects. © 2012 by School of Pharmacy.
Actions and interactions of AMPK with insulin, the peroxisomal-proliferator activated receptors and sirtuins; AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activity responds to a requirement to increase cellular ATP production and/or to conserve available ATP. AMPK is therefore central to the mechanisms of adjustment to fluctuating energy demand or metabolic substrate supply. AMPK has important actions in several insulin-responsive tissues, as well as in the pancreatic β cell, through which it can modulate glycemic control, insulin action and metabolic substrate selection and disposal. We review recent novel findings elucidating the mechanisms by which AMPK activation can correct impaired insulin action. However, we also emphasize not only the similarities, but also the differences in the actions of insulin and AMPK. We focus on metabolic interfaces between AMPK, peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptors, sirtuins and mTORC. © 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Sex hormone-binding globulin and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) has emerged as one of the multiple genetic and environmental factors that potentially contribute to the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In addition to epidemiologic studies demonstrating a consistent relationship between decreased levels of serum SHBG and incident T2DM, recent genetic studies also reveal that transmission of specific polymorphisms in the SHBG gene influence the risk of T2DM. At the molecular level, the multiple interactions between SHBG and its receptors in various target tissues suggest physiologic roles for SHBG that are more complex than the simple transport of sex hormones in serum. Taken together, these data provide support for an expanded role of SHBG in the pathophysiology of insulin resistance and T2DM. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Dynamic change of serum FGF21 levels in response to glucose challenge in human; Aims: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), an endocrine factor predominantly secreted from liver, possesses multiple beneficial effect on energy metabolism and insulin sensitivity in animals. This study aimed to investigate the acute change of serum FGF21 in response to glucose challenge in humans. Methods: A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed among 20 healthy subjects, 18 with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and 21 with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Blood samples were collected for measurement of FGF21 and other biochemical parameters. The associations of FGF21 with insulin and other metabolic parameters were analyzed. Results: Fasting serum FGF21 levels increased progressively from healthy, IGT to T2DM subjects (P <0.05 for global trend). After oral glucose administration, the serum FGF21 level showed a similar biphasic change in all three groups. It declined to a nadir level at 60 min and then increased gradually toitspeaklevel at180min.FGF21levels at differenttimepointsoforalglucosetolerance test negatively correlated with glucose levels in all subjects, and the fold change of serum FGF21 at different time points(comparedwith the basal level)wereinversely associated with foldchangesof insulin (P = 0.012) and C-peptide (P = 0.043) levels in healthy subjects but not in IGT and T2DM patients. Conclusions: The dynamic change of circulating FGF21 was associated with alterations in insulin levels in response to glucose challenge in humans. These findings support the role of FGF21 as a potential regulator of insulin secretion and glucose metabolism in humans. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
Intermittent injections of osteocalcin improve glucose metabolism and prevent type 2 diabetes in mice; The uncarboxylated form of the osteoblast-specific secreted molecule osteocalcin is a hormone favoring glucose handling and increasing energy expenditure. As a result, the absence of osteocalcin leads to glucose intolerance in mice, while genetically modified mice with an increase in uncarboxylated osteocalcin are protected from type 2 diabetes and obesity. Here, we tested in the mouse the therapeutic potential of intermittent administration of osteocalcin. We found that daily injections of osteocalcin at either 3 or 30. ng/g/day significantly improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in mice fed a normal diet. This was attributable, in part, to an increase in both β-cell mass and insulin secretion. When mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD), daily injections of osteocalcin partially restored insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. Moreover, mice treated with intermittent osteocalcin injections displayed additional mitochondria in their skeletal muscle, had increased energy expenditure and were protected from diet-induced obesity. Finally, the hepatic steatosis induced by the HFD was completely rescued in mice receiving osteocalcin daily. Overall, these results provide evidence that daily injections of osteocalcin can improve glucose handling and prevent the development of type 2 diabetes. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Interactions Between Bone, Adipose Tissue and Metabolism. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Resistin: Functional roles and therapeutic considerations for cardiovascular disease; Resistin, originally described as an adipocyte-specific hormone, has been suggested to be an important link between obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes. Although its expression was initially defined in adipocytes, significant levels of resistin expression in humans are mainly found in mononuclear leukocytes, macrophages, spleen and bone marrow cells. Increasing evidence indicates that resistin plays important regulatory roles apart from its role in insulin resistance and diabetes in a variety of biological processes: atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (CVD), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, autoimmune disease, malignancy, asthma, inflammatory bowel disease and chronic kidney disease. As CVD accounts for a significant amount of morbidity and mortality in patients with diabetes and without diabetes, it is important to understand the role that adipokines such as resistin play in the cardiovascular system. Evidence suggests that resistin is involved in pathological processes leading to CVD including inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, thrombosis, angiogenesis and smooth muscle cell dysfunction. The modes of action and signalling pathways whereby resistin interacts with its target cells are beginning to be understood. In this review, the current knowledge about the functions and pathophysiological implications of resistin in CVD development is summarized; clinical translations, therapeutic considerations and future directions in the field of resistin research are discussed. Linked Articles This article is part of a themed section on Fat and Vascular Responsiveness. To view the other articles in this section visit © 2011 The British Pharmacological Society.
Impact of neuropeptide substance P, an inflammatory compound on arachidonic acid compound generation; There is much evidence that neuropeptide substance P is involved in neurogenic inflammation and is an important neurotransmitter and neurmodulator compound. In addition, substance P plays an important role in inflammation and immunity. Macrophages can be activated by substance P which provokes the release of inflammatory compounds such as interleukins, chemokines and growth factors. Substance P is involved in the mechanism of pain through the trigeminal nerve which runs through the head, temporal and sinus cavity. Substance P also activates mast cells to release inflammatory mediators such as arachindonic acid compound, cytokines/chemokines and histamine. The release of these chemical mediators is crucial for inflammatory response. Among these mediators there are prostoglandins and leukotrines. Here we review the impact of substance P on inflammatory compounds. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Little and Falace's Dental Management of the Medically Compromised Patient, Eighth Edition; Learn how common medical conditions can affect the course of the dental treatment a patient receives. This updated, concise reference provides the information you need to provide appropriate dental care to any patient, regardless of existing medical conditions. Featuring vivid illustrations and well-organized tables in each chapter, this text gives you the in-depth details and the overall summaries you need to get to the root of your patients’ needs. © 2013 by Mosby, an imprint of Elsevier Inc.
The potential role of glutamate in the current diabetes epidemic; In the present article, we propose the perspective that abnormal glutamate homeostasis might contribute to diabetes pathogenesis. Previous reports and our recent data indicate that chronically high extracellular glutamate levels exert direct and indirect effects that might participate in the progressive loss of β-cells occurring in both T1D and T2D. In addition, abnormal glutamate homeostasis may impact all the three accelerators of the "accelerator hypothesis" and could partially explain the rising frequency of T1D and T2D. © 2012 Springer-Verlag.
Fatty liver index predicts further metabolic deteriorations in women with previous gestational diabetes; Background and Aims: Determinants of fatty liver (FL) might be predictive for further deterioration in insulin resistance (IR) in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). The aim was to evaluate the association between pGDM, FL and future manifestation of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by a detailed pathophysiological characterization early after pregnancy. Methods: 68 pGDM and 29 healthy controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: status of IR was determined via oral- and intravenous-glucose-tolerance-tests with analysis of proinflammatory factors and kinetics of free-fatty-acids (FFA). According to the fatty-liver-index (FLI), pGDMs were categorized into three groups with low (FLI≤20), intermediate (20<FLI<60) and high (FLI≥60) risk for FL to assess differences in metabolic parameters at baseline as well as in the 10-year incidence for T2DM. Accuracy of FLI was proven with 1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy. Results: FL was strongly associated with IR in pGDM. pGDM with FLI≥60 showed significantly increased interleukin-6, plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-1, tissue-plasminogen-activator, fibrinogen and increased ultrasensitive-C-reactive-protein compared to the low risk group (FLI≤20). Analysis of FFA indicated a less pronounced decrease of plasma FFA levels during the oral-glucose-tolerance-test in subjects with FLI≥60. History of GDM plus FLI≥60 conferred a high risk for the manifestation of diabetes over 10 years of observation as compared to pGDMs with FLI≤20 (HR:7.85, Cl:2.02-30.5, p = 0.003). Conclusion: FL is closely linked to GDM, especially to IR and inflammation. Most interestingly, subjects with the highest FLI values showed significant alterations in FFA kinetics and a higher risk to develop T2DM in future. © 2012 Bozkurt et al.
Fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction as an early phenomenon in the programming of human adult diseases in subjects born from gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity in pregnancy (OP) are pathological conditions associated with placenta vascular dysfunction coursing with metabolic changes at the fetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations are seen as abnormal expression and activity of the cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial nitric oxide synthase isoform, that is, the endothelial L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway. Several studies suggest that the endogenous nucleoside adenosine along with insulin, and potentially arginases, are factors involved in GDM-, but much less information regards their role in OP-associated placental vascular alterations. There is convincing evidence that GDM and OP prone placental endothelium to an altered metabolic state leading to fetal programming evidenced at birth, a phenomenon associated with future development of chronic diseases. In this paper it is suggested that this pathological state could be considered as a metabolic marker that could predict occurrence of diseases in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus (including gestational diabetes), and metabolic syndrome. © 2011 Andrea Leiva et al.
Circulating adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein, juvenile obesity, and metabolic syndrome; Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP) links obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS) and might be targeted in future therapies. Its utility as a MetS biomarker has been suggested in adults but has not been examined in children/adolescents. Our objectives were to identify metabolic parameters associated with A-FABP elevation in children and adolescents and to evaluate the effect of obesity intervention and A-FABP diagnostic utility. A-FABP and anthropometric, metabolic, and inflammatory indices were measured in 31 lean and 114 overweight/obese children and adolescents and reassessed after obesity intervention (1 year; diet and enhanced physical activity, with or without metformin). A-FABP was significantly higher in overweight/obese than lean individuals, where it correlated with insulin, waist circumference (WC), and 2-h glucose independent of body mass index (BMI), age, gender, and developmental stage. The pattern of A-FABP associations differed between sexes. As a MetS indicator, A-FABP had 68% accuracy. The weight reduction program was effective in reducing A-FABP, BMI%, WC, triglycerides, and cholesterol. In conclusion, elevation in A-FABP is associated with MetS components independent of BMI status and can be reduced by diet and enhanced physical activity. A-FABP as a single MetS biomarker has a moderate accuracy. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston.
Disruption of the chemokine-like receptor-1 (CMKLR1) gene is associated with reduced adiposity and glucose intolerance; Adipose tissue secretes a variety of bioactive signaling molecules, termed adipokines, which regulate numerous biological functions including appetite, energy balance, glucose homeostasis, and inflammation. Chemerin is a novel adipokine that regulates adipocyte differentiation and metabolism by binding to and activating the G protein-coupled receptor, chemokine like receptor-1 (CMKLR1). In the present study, we investigated the impact of CMKLR1 deficiency on adipose development, glucose homeostasis, and inflammation in vivo. Herein we report that regardless of diet (low or high fat), CMKLR1 -/- mice had lower food consumption, total body mass, and percent body fat compared with wild-type controls. CMKLR1 -/- mice also exhibited decreased hepatic and white adipose tissue TNFα and IL-6 mRNA levels coincident with decreased hepatic dendritic cell infiltration, decreased adipose CD3+T cells, and increased adipose natural killer cells. CMKLR1 -/- mice were glucose intolerant compared with wild-type mice, and this was associated with decreased glucose stimulated insulin secretion as well as decreased skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue glucose uptake. Collectively these data provide compelling evidence that CMKLR1 influences adipose tissue development, inflammation, and glucose homeostasis and may contribute to the metabolic derangement characteristic of obesity and obesity-related diseases. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
The role of obesity in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is one of the common endocrine diseases that affects women in their reproductive age. PCOS has diverse clinical implications that include reproductive (infertility, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism), metabolic (insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases) and psychological features (increased anxiety, depression and worsened quality of life). The exact patho-physiology of PCOS is complex and remains largely unclear. The prevalence of PCOS is estimated at 4-18%, depending on diverse factors discussed ahead. The phenotype varies widely depending on life stage, genotype, ethnicity and environmental factors including lifestyle and body weight. During the last decades, obesity and excess weight are major chronic diseases all around the word. Obesity increases some features of PCOS such as hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, infertility and pregnancy complications. Both obesity and insulin resistance increase diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular diseases. Moreover, obesity impairs insulin resistance and exacerbates reproductive and metabolic features of PCOS. It is well known that obesity is associated with anovulation, pregnancy loss and late pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes). Obesity in PCOS is also linked to failure or delayed response to the various treatments including clomiphene citrate, gonadotropins and laparoscopic ovarian diathermy. It has been reported that, after losing as little as 5 % of initial body weight obese women with PCOS improved spontaneous ovulation rates and spontaneous pregnancy. Therefore, the weight loss prior to conception improves live birth rate in obese women with or without PCOS. The treatment of obesity may include lifestyle therapy (diet and exercise), pharmacological treatment and bariatric surgery. In summary, weight loss is considered the first-line therapy in obese women with PCOS. In the present review, the consequence and treatment of obesity in women with PCOS are discussed. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance; The World Health Organization has defined type 2 diabetes mellitus, a progressive worldwide epidemic. The number of people diagnosed with type 2 diabetes is increasing at an alarming rate in the western societies. The statistics are alarming; 30 million people were diagnosed with diabetes world-wide in 1985. By 1995, the number had risen to 135 million. It has been estimated that by 2010, 220 million people worldwide will be affected by the disease, and at the current rate, there will be some 300 million by the year 2025 as predicted by the WHO. The prevalence of all forms of diabetes is estimated to be 2 - 3% of the world's population, with the number of diabetic patients increasing by 4 - 5% per annum. Moreover, many people with diabetes remain undiagnosed. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment with a constitutive androstane receptor ligand ameliorates the signs of preeclampsia in high-fat diet-induced obese pregnant mice; Constitutive androstane receptor (CAR) has been reported to decrease insulin resistance, while obesity and insulin resistance may also be involved in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia. We examined whether a CAR ligand, 1,4-bis(2-(3,5-dichloropyridyloxy)) benzene (TCPOBOP), can ameliorate the signs of preeclampsia in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obese pregnant mice to examine a possibility of CAR as a therapeutic target. We employed six groups including non-pregnant, HFD-fed or control diet-fed pregnant mice with or without TCPOBOP treatment (n=6). In HFD pregnant mice, insulin resistance increased with increasing expression of gluconeogenic and lipogenic genes and abnormal adipocytokine levels. TCPOBOP treatment, which was once-weekly intraperitoneal injections (0.5. mg/kg) and started at day 0.5 of pregnancy, improved glucose tolerance with significant changes of gluconeogenic, lipogenic and adipocytokine genes. HFD pregnant mice had hypertension and proteinuria, while TCPOBOP treatment ameliorated these signs. Our data suggested CAR might be a potential therapeutic target for obese preeclampsia patients with insulin resistance. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Chemerin is present in human cord blood and is positively correlated with birthweight; Objective: Chemerin, a novel adipokine, has been implicated in adipogenesis, inflammation, and metabolism. The aims of this study were to determine the presence of chemerin in cord blood and its association with birthweight. Study Design: This cross-sectional study included the following: (1) twins with (n = 24) or without (n = 28) birthweight discordancy; and (2) singletons subclassified into small-for-gestational-age (SGA; n = 18); appropriate for gestational age (AGA; n = 33); and large-for-gestational-age (LGA; n = 8). Cord blood chemerin was determined. Parametric and nonparametric statistics were used for analysis. Results: The results of the study included the following: (1) within the discordant twins group, the median chemerin concentration was significantly lower in the SGA group than in their cotwins; (2) within singletons, the median chemerin concentration was significantly higher in the LGA than the AGA newborns; and (3) the regression model revealed that chemerin was independently associated with birthweight. Conclusion: Cord blood chemerin is present in cord blood and its concentrations are positively correlated with birthweight. These novel findings support a role of adipokines in fetal growth. © 2012 Mosby, Inc.
Recent discovery of plant-derived anti-diabetic natural products; This review covers recent discoveries of anti-diabetic compounds. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a complex disease affecting patients' daily life and elevating patients' risk of developing other diseases. There are several forms of diabetes, including type-1 diabetes (insulin-dependent), type-2 diabetes (noninsulin-dependent), and gestational diabetes. Type-2 diabetes is the most common form and the patient population with type-2 DM rises every year. Current treatments meet some but not all patients' needs. Therefore, new anti-diabetic drugs are in great demand. Traditional herbal medicine provides a rich source for new drug discovery. In this review, recent discoveries of anti-diabetic compounds have been summarized according to their chemical structures and mechanisms of action. Anti-diabetic plant extracts, many of which have been used and marketed as dietary supplements, were also included and discussed, and are classified according to the positive control used in the anti-diabetic animal studies. New anti-diabetic natural products found in the recent patent literature are also summarized. © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2012.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: An overview; Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D. © The Authors Journal compilation copy; 2012 Biochemical Society.
A decrease in DKK1, a WNT inhibitor, contributes to placental lipid accumulation in an obesity-prone rat model; Placenta, as the sole transport mechanism between mother and fetus, links the maternal physical state and the immediate as well as lifelong outcomes of the offspring. The present study examined the consequences of maternal obesity on placental lipid accumulation and metabolism. Pregnant obesity-prone (OP) and obesity-resistant (OR) rat strains were fed a control diet throughout gestation. Placentas were collected on Gestational Day 21 for mRNA and oxidative stress analysis, and frozen placental sections were analyzed for fat accumulation as well as beta-catenin and Dickkopf homolog 1 (Xenopus laevis) (DKK1) localization. JEG3 trophoblast cells were cultured in vitro to determine the relationship between DKK1 and lipid accumulation. Maternal plasma and placental nonesterified fatty acids and triglycerides (TG) were elevated in OP dams. Placental Dkk1 mRNA content was 4-fold lower in OP placentas, and a significant increase was noted in beta-catenin accumulation as well as in mRNA content of fat transport and TG synthesis genes, including Ppard (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta), Slc27a1 (fatty acid transport protein 1; also known as Fatp1), Cd36 (cluster of differentiation 36; also known as fatty acid translocation [Fat]), Lipin1, and Lipin3. Significant lipid accumulation was found within the decidual zones in OP, but not OR, placentas, and thickness of the decidual and junctional zones was significantly smaller in OP than in OR placentas. Overexpression of DKK1 in JEG3 cells decreased lipid accumulation and mRNA content of PPARD, SLC27A1, CD36, LIPIN1, and LIPIN3. Our results demonstrate that DKK1 is regulating certain aspects of placental lipid metabolism through the WNT signaling pathway. © 2012 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Pathology of the human placenta, sixth edition; Pathology of the Human Placenta remains the most comprehensive and authoritative text in the field. It provides extensive information on the normal placenta, encompassing physiology, metabolism, and endocrinology, and covers the full range of placental diseases in great detail. Further chapters are devoted to abortions, molar pregnancies, multiple pregnancies, and legal considerations. This sixth edition of the book has been extensively revised and expanded to reflect the most recent progress in the field, and a brand new chapter has been added on artificial reproductive technology. Some 800 illustrations are included, many of them in color. The detailed index has been further improved and tables updated. Pathology of the Human Placenta will be of enormous value to pathologists and obstetrician-gynecologists alike. © 2012, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Cardiomyopathy and angiogenesis defects of Wistar rat fetuses of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers; Objective: We aimed to illustrate the histogenesis, lactic dehydrogenase isoenzymes electrophoresis, and DNA damage of cardiac muscles and blood vessels during prenatal life of maternal diabetic or hypercholesterolemic mother. Methods: Eighty fertile male and virgin female Wistar rats (1 male/3 females), weighing approximately 130 g, were mated and zero date of gestation was determined. Diabetes was induced at the fifth day of gestation by intraperitoneal injection of a single dose of 60 mg streptozotocin/kg body weight in citrate buffer, pH 4.6. At the same time, hypercholesterolemia was carried out by feeding virgin rats a diet containing 3% cholesterol for 6 wk before the onset of conception. Pregnant rats were arranged into three groups: control, diabetic, and hypercholesterolemic (n = 20). The animals were sacrificed and embryos were separated at 7-, 13-, 15-, 17-, and 19 d old, respectively, and subjected to light and transmission electron microscopy, lactic dehydrogenases isoenzymes electrophoresis, DNA fragmentation, and comet assay. The sera of the mothers were examined for fasting glucose level, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and creatine phosphokinase levels. Results: Diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers exhibited a significant increase of sera cholesterol level, low-density lipoprotein, and creatine phosphokinase activity. Histologic findings of embryos of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers revealed cardiomyopathy and malformation of blood vessels with an apparent degeneration of their endothelium. Transmission electron microscopy possessed massive necrosis of muscle fibers, disorganization of Z and I bands, and mitochondrial damage. Lactic dehydrogenase isoenzyme electrophoresis was altered and genomic DNA fragmentation was markedly increased. Conclusion: Maternal diabetes or hypercholesterolemia led to marked alterations in blood vessel differentiation as well as to cardiomyopathy during prenatal growth as assessed by the disruption of fine structures, abnormal lactic dehydrogenase isoenzymes electrophoresis, and an increase of DNA damage. These may be attributed to the marked oxidative stress and liberation of free oxygen radicals, which interrupted the myocardium structure and function during organogenesis. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Is vitamin D status relevant to metabolic syndrome?; Review of the evidence on hypovitaminosis D as a risk factor for metabolic syndrome and its sequelae, T2DM and CVD, suggests long-term vitamin D repletion could reduce these risks. There is mechanistic evidence for protective effects for MetS and the balance of evidence, (cross-sectional and prospective), supports this postulate. Much of the data so far available from randomized controlled trials is weakened by inadequate power, low vitamin D dosages, starting supplementation too late in life or after MetS disorders have developed or, most importantly, by non-inclusion of many recognizable confounders. On balance, therefore, maintenance of US 2010 recommended intakes for bone protection has the potential to prove protective for MetS. Supplementation has been shown to increase survival in patients with cardiac disorders; whether higher doses would provide useful protection for apparently healthy people in the general population awaits the outcomes of ongoing randomized-controlled trials that, it is hoped, will prove or disprove causality for hypovitaminosis D in MetS and its long-term ill-effects. © 2012 Landes Bioscience.
Non-esterified fatty acid dynamics during oral glucose tolerance test in women with former gestational diabetes; Aims Women with former gestational diabetes are at increased risk of Type2 diabetes, which likely relates to hyperlipidaemia and ectopic lipid storage, mainly in the liver. Here, we examined the response of non-esterified fatty acid dynamics to oral glucose loading (oral glucose tolerance test). Methods We studied women with former gestational diabetes with normal glucose tolerance (n=60) or impaired glucose metabolism (n=12) and compared them with healthy women after normal pregnancy (control subjects, n=15). During a 3-h oral glucose tolerance test, glucose, insulin and non-esterified fatty acid were frequently measured to compute the area under the non-esterified fatty acid curve and parameters of β-cell function and insulin sensitivity. Through mathematical modelling, we assessed insulin sensitivity of lipolysis inhibition and the fractional non-esterified fatty acid turnover rate. We also measured some serum liver enzymes. Results Women with former gestational diabetes were slightly older and had greater body mass than control subjects. Subjects with impaired glucose metabolism had lower oral glucose insulin sensitivity, but higher fasting insulin and area under the non-esterified fatty acid curve, which inversely related to oral glucose insulin sensitivity and independently determined mean glycaemia. Model-derived non-esterified fatty acid parameters were lower in subjects with impaired glucose metabolism than in control subjects, particularly sensitivity of non-esterified fatty acid inhibition to insulin (2.50±0.52 vs. 1.06±0.20·10 -2ml/μU). Also, subjects with impaired glucose metabolism had higher liver transaminases. However, all non-esterified fatty acid parameters showed only modest inverse correlation with liver transaminases. Conclusions Despite greater insulinaemia, circulating non-esterified fatty acids are higher in women with former gestational diabetes than in control subjects, which likely results from reduced sensitivity of lipolysis inhibition to insulin. This parameter may serve as indicator of an early metabolic derangement in this population at risk for diabetes. © 2011 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK.
Managing the combination of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are part of the same metabolic defect, both having insulin resistance as the main pathogenic mechanism and sharing similar outcomes (i.e., cardiovascular and liver-related mortality). The prevalence of NAFLD is expected to rise, owing to the increasing worldwide prevalence of obesity and MetS; therefore, the identification of factors responsible for disease progression is essential to devise therapeutic strategies. Areas covered: The available and potential future treatments for NAFLD in combination with MetS are reviewed in this paper, following an extensive literature search and personal experience. Expert opinion: All NAFLD patients should be evaluated for their metabolic, cardiovascular and liver-related risk. Weight loss through lifestyle intervention remains the most comprehensive and safe treatment of NAFLD and associated MetS; however, > 50% of patients fail to achieve target weight loss. Pharmacologic treatment seems to be important for these patients and for NAFLD cases with more advanced liver disease. It temporarily reverses metabolic alterations, but liver disease progresses after the treatment is stopped. Although current treatments are unsatisfactory, new drugs have been proposed and a few innovative compounds are in the pipeline of pharmaceutical companies. Before pharmacologic treatment can be routinely recommended for NAFLD, long-term randomized trials are needed, along with assessments of the safety and benefits of drugs on proper histological outcomes or validated surrogate markers. The intensive control of individual features of MetS remains mandatory. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
FGF21 as an endocrine regulator in lipid metabolism: From molecular evolution to physiology and pathophysiology; The FGF family comprises twenty-two structurally related proteins with functions in development and metabolism. The Fgf21 gene was generated early in vertebrate evolution. FGF21 acts as an endocrine regulator in lipid metabolism. Hepatic Fgf21 expression is markedly induced in mice by fasting or a ketogenic diet. Experiments with Fgf21 transgenic mice and cultured cells indicate that FGF21 exerts pharmacological effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in hepatocytes and adipocytes via cell surface FGF receptors. However, experiments with Fgf21 knockout mice indicate that FGF21 inhibits lipolysis in adipocytes during fasting and attenuates torpor induced by a ketogenic diet but maybe not a physiological regulator for these hepatic functions. These findings suggest the pharmacological effects to be distinct from the physiological roles. Serum FGF21 levels are increased in patients with metabolic diseases having insulin resistance, indicating that FGF21 is a metabolic regulator and a biomarker for these diseases. © 2011 Yusuke Murata et al.
Serum fibroblast growth factor 21 was elevated in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and was associated with the presence of carotid artery plaques; Aims: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is an important regulator of glucose/lipid metabolism. Although there are studies examining the relationship between serum FGF21 levels and glucose homeostasis, the role of FGF21 remains unclear. The objective of this study was to examine whether serum FGF21 levels are associated with metabolic parameters in subjects with varying degrees of obesity and glucose tolerance and with complications in subjects with type2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: The study consisted of 213 subjects who were lean and had normal glucose tolerance (lean NGT), were overweight with NGT, had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or had T2DM. Serum FGF21 levels and their associations with the parameters of adiposity, glucose tolerance and the presence of diabetic complications were examined. Results: The serum FGF21 levels in T2DM were higher than in lean NGT. Serum FGF21 levels showed a positive correlation with the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) in all subjects except for the T2DM subjects, who showed a correlation after adjustment of age, gender and body mass index. Moreover, the subjects with carotid artery plaque showed higher serum FGF21 levels than those without complications. Conclusion: Serum FGF21 levels were associated with the urine ACR and diabetic complications including carotid artery plaque. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Veterans and Agent Orange: Update 2010; Because of continuing uncertainty about the long-term health effects of the sprayed herbicides on Vietnam veterans, Congress passed the Agent Orange Act of 1991. The legislation directed the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) to request the Institite of Medicine to perform a comprehensive evaluation of scientific and medical information regarding the health effects of exposure to Agent Orange and other herbicides used in Vietnam to be followed by biennial updates. The 2010 update recommends further research of links between Vietnam service and specific health outcomes, most importantly COPD, tonsil cancer, melanoma, brain cancer, Alzheimer's disease, and paternally transmitted effects to offspring. © 2012 by the National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Antepartum obstetrical complications associated with obesity; Obesity is a major risk factor for many obstetrical complications, including pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, indicated preterm birth, macrosomia, and stillbirth. Clinicians should be aware of the unique obstetrical management considerations related to obesity, including recommendations for alterations in prenatal care. In addition, obese gravidas commonly have underlying medical conditions that can impact pregnancy and must be appreciated to optimize care. Obese women should be educated about these risks, ideally before pregnancy. Awareness of the complications that can arise for these women and potential changes in management offer opportunities to improve both prenatal and lifelong health. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Lipolysis - A highly regulated multi-enzyme complex mediates the catabolism of cellular fat stores; Lipolysis is the biochemical pathway responsible for the catabolism of triacylglycerol (TAG) stored in cellular lipid droplets. The hydrolytic cleavage of TAG generates non-esterified fatty acids, which are subsequently used as energy substrates, essential precursors for lipid and membrane synthesis, or mediators in cell signaling processes. Consistent with its central importance in lipid and energy homeostasis, lipolysis occurs in essentially all tissues and cell types, it is most abundant, however, in white and brown adipose tissue. Over the last 5 years, important enzymes and regulatory protein factors involved in lipolysis have been identified. These include an essential TAG hydrolase named adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL) [annotated as patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein A2], the ATGL activator comparative gene identification-58 [annotated as α/β hydrolase containing protein 5], and the ATGL inhibitor G0/G1 switch gene 2. Together with the established hormone-sensitive lipase [annotated as lipase E] and monoglyceride lipase, these proteins constitute the basic "lipolytic machinery". Additionally, a large number of hormonal signaling pathways and lipid droplet-associated protein factors regulate substrate access and the activity of the " lipolysome". This review summarizes the current knowledge concerning the enzymes and regulatory processes governing lipolysis of fat stores in adipose and non-adipose tissues. Special emphasis will be given to ATGL, its regulation, and physiological function. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Influence of energy balance on the somatotrophic axis and matrix metalloproteinase expression in the endometrium of the postpartum dairy cow; Postpartum dairy cows enter a period of negative energy balance (NEB) associated with low circulating IGF1, during which the uterus must undergo extensive repair following calving. This study investigated the effects of NEB on expression of IGF family members and related genes in the involuting uterus. Cows were allocated to two treatments using differential feeding and milking regimes to produce mild NEB or severe NEB (SNEB). Uterine endometrial samples collected 2 weeks post partum were analysed by quantitative PCR. The expression of IGF-binding protein 4 (IGFBP4) mRNA increased in the endometrium of SNEB cows, with trends towards increased IGFBP1 and reduced IGFBP6 expression. There were no significant differences between treatments in mRNA expression of IGF1, IGF2 or of any hormone receptor studied, but significant correlations across all cows in the expression levels of groups of receptors suggested common regulatory mechanisms: type 1 IGF receptor (IGF1R), IGF2R and insulin receptor (INSR); GHR with ESR1; and ESR2 with NR3C1. The expression of IGF1R and INSR also positively correlated with the circulating urea concentration. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are important in tissue remodelling and can affect IGF signalling via interaction with IGFBPs. The expression levels of MMP1, MMP3, MMP9 and MMP13 mRNAs all showed major upregulation in the endometrium of cows in SNEB and all except MMP9 were highly correlated with expression of IGFBP4. Alpha(2)-HS-glycoprotein (AHSG) and PDK4, two genes implicated in insulin resistance, were also highly expressed in SNEB. These results suggest that cows in SNEB experience alterations to the IGF and insulin signalling pathways in the postpartum endometrium. This may affect the rate of tissue repair with a possible negative impact on subsequent fertility. © 2011 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
An update on the role of carboxypeptidase U (TAFIa) in fibrinolysis; Since its discovery more than 20 years ago, a lot has been revealed about the biochemistry and physiological behaviour of carboxypeptidase U (CPU). Recent advances in CPU research include the unravelling of the crystal structure of proCPU and revealing the molecular mechanisms for the marked instability of the active enzyme, CPU. The recent development of two highly sensitive assays has cleared the path toward the direct measurement of CPU in circulation or the determination of CPU generation, rather than the measurement of total proCPU concentration in plasma. Finally, since CPU is known to have a prominent bridging function between coagulation and fibrinolysis, the development of CPU inhibitors as profibrinolytic agents is an attractive new concept and has gained a lot of interest from several research groups and from the pharmaceutical industry. These recent advances in CPU research are reviewed in this literature update.
Epigenetic priming of the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a cluster of cardiometabolic risk factors, including central obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and microalbuminuria, and more recently, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and atherosclerosis. Although the concept of the MetS is subject to debate due to lack of a unifying underlying mechanism, the prevalence of a metabolic syndrome phenotype is rapidly increasing worldwide. Moreover, it is increasingly prevalent in children and adolescents of obese mothers. Evidence from both epidemiological and experimental animal studies now demonstrates that MetS onset is increasingly likely following exposure to suboptimal nutrition during critical periods of development, as observed in maternal obesity. Thus, the developmental priming of the MetS provides a common origin for this multifactorial disorder. Consequently, the mechanisms leading to this developmental priming have recently been the subject of intensive investigation. This review discusses recent data regarding the epigenetic modifications resulting from nutrition during early development that mediate persistent changes in the expression of key metabolic genes and contribute toward an adult metabolic syndrome phenotype. In addition, this review considers the role of the endogenous molecular circadian clock system, which has the potential to act at the interface between nutrient sensing and epigenetic processing. A continued and greater understanding of these mechanisms will eventually aid in the identification of individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes, and help develop therapeutic interventions, in accordance with current global government strategy. © 2011 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Inflammation, a link between obesity and cardiovascular disease; Obesity, the most common nutritional disorder in industrialized countries, is associated with an increased mortality and morbidity of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Obesity is primarily considered to be a disorder of energy balance, and it has recently been suggested that some forms of obesity are associated with chronic low-grade inflammation. The present paper focuses on the current status of our knowledge regarding chronic inflammation, a link between obesity and CVDs, including heart diseases, vascular disease and atherosclerosis. The paper discusses the methods of body fat evaluation in humans, the endocrinology and distribution of adipose tissue in the genders, the pathophysiology of obesity, the relationship among obesity, inflammation, and CVD, and the adipose tissue-derived cytokines known to affect inflammation. Due to space limitations, this paper focuses on C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, leptin, adiponectin, resistin, visfatin, chemerin, omentin, vaspin, apelin, and retinol binding protein 4 as adipokines. © 2010 Zhaoxia Wang and Tomohiro Nakayama.
Reducing visceral adipose tissue mass is essential for improving endothelial function in type 2 diabetes prone individuals; Objective: In obesity, particularly increased visceral- (VAT), but not total (TAT) adipose tissue mass is a major source of proinflammatory cytokine expression and secretion. VAT, more than TAT, is associated with endothelial dysfunction (ED), which is an accepted risk factor for atherosclerosis. Consequently, we hypothesized that during a lifestyle intervention specifically a decrease in VAT, rather than TAT, is associated with improved ED and vascular adhesion molecules in type 2 diabetes prone subjects. Methods: Analyses were done in 189 individuals (age: 45.4 ± 0.8 years) at increased risk of type 2 diabetes, who underwent a 9-month lifestyle intervention. ED expressed as flow mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery, sE-selectin, sV-CAM, sI-CAM, TAT and VAT (measured by magnetic resonance tomography) was determined. Results: There was a mean decrease in body weight (-3%, p< 0.0001), TAT (-7.6%, p< 0.0001) and VAT (-12.5%, p< 0.0001), while FMD increased (+9.1%, p= 0.04). The change in FMD was not associated with change in body weight (p= 0.35) or TAT (p= 0.21) but with a decrease in VAT (r= -0.19, p= 0.009). In a post hoc analysis, the subjects were divided by the median change in VAT into responders and non-responders. FMD increased only in the responders (from 6.2 ± 0.4% to 8.0 ± 0.5%, p= 0.0005) but not in the non-responders (p= 0.15). Also sE-selectin significantly decreased only in the responders (from 54 ± 4 ng/ml to 47 ± 3 ng/ml; p= 0.03). Conclusion: During a lifestyle intervention, not weight loss or decrease in TAT, but decrease in VAT is associated with improved ED in individuals prone to type 2 diabetes. Therefore, primary cardiovascular prevention should focus specifically on reducing VAT rather than body weight alone. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Obesity, pregnancy, inflammation, and vascular function; Maternal obesity is associated with increased morbidity and mortality for both mother and offspring. The mechanisms underlying the increased risk associated with maternal obesity are not well understood. In non-pregnant populations, many of the complications of obesity are thought to be mediated in part by inflammation and its sequelae. Recent studies suggest that a heightened inflammatory response may also be involved in mediating adverse clinical outcomes during pregnancy. This review summarizes our current knowledge about adipose tissue biology, and its role as an endocrine and inflammatory organ. The evidence for inflammation as a key mediator of adverse pregnancy outcome is also presented, focusing on the role of inflammation in adipose tissue, systemic inflammation, the placenta, and vascular endothelium. © 2010 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Recurrent pregnancy-induced diabetes insipidus in a woman with hemochromatosis; Diabetes insipidus is a rare disorder in pregnant women, predating pregnancy or appearing for the first time during gestation. In pregnancy it usually affects women with HELLP syndrome or acute fatty liver of pregnancy and results from the reduced hepatic degradation of placental vasopressinase leading to its increased activity. Although infiltrative diseases have been found to cause diabetes insipidus in non-pregnant population, very few studies showed that these disorders may manifest for the first time during gestation. We describe here the case of transient diabetes insipidus in two subsequent pregnancies of a female with hemochromatosis. The first symptoms of this disease appeared for the first time at the beginning of the third trimester of her second pregnancy, and diagnosis was established on the basis of typical clinical presentation, confirmed by a water deprivation test. Diabetes insipidus resulted from the increased activity of vasopressinase, caused by hemochromatosis-induced liver dysfunction, the presence of which was confirmed between the pregnancies by liver biopsy and identifcation of the HFE gene mutation. Subsequent desferrioxamine treatment resulted in a less severe clinical course of diabetes insipidus in the last patient's pregnancy. In both pregnancies, the patient was successfully treated with oral desmopressin, which is resistant to degradation by placental vasopressinase. Although unrecognized pituitary disorders may pose a serious health problem to the mother and fetus, hemochromatosis-induced diabetes insipidus, as the case of our patient demonstrates, if effectively diagnosed and treated, cannot be regarded as a contraindication for pregnancy. © The Japan Endocrine Society.
Skeletal muscle phosphodiester content relates to body mass and glycemic control; Background: Aging and insulin resistance have been related to reduced mitochondrial function and oxidative stress. Muscular phosphodiesters (PDE) are comprised of metabolites of phospholipid breakdown and may reflect membrane damage. We aimed to test the hypothesis that myocellular PDE are increased in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and correlate inversely with mitochondrial ATP turnover. Methods: A Cross-sectional study in the Clinical Research Facility of an University hospital was performed. 10 nonobese middle-aged patients with T2D, 10 healthy humans matched for sex, age and physical activity index (CONm) and 18 young healthy humans (CONy) were included. Myocellular PDE and unidirectional flux through ATP synthase (fATP) were measured with 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). Intramyocellular (IMCL) and hepatocellular lipid deposition (HCL) were quantified with 1H MRS. Insulin sensitivity (Rd) was assessed from hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp tests in 10 T2D, 10 CONm and 11 CONy. Results: During fasting, T2D and CONm had 1.5 fold greater PDE than CONy (2.8±0.2, 2.5±0.2, 1.7±0.1 mmol/l, P = 0.004). Stimulation by insulin did not affect PDE in any group. PDE correlated negatively with Rd (r = -0.552, p<0.005) and fATP (r = -0.396, p<0.05) and positively with age (r = 0.656, p<0.001) and body mass (r = 0.597, p<0.001). PDE also related positively to HbA1c (r = 0.674, p<0.001) and fasting plasma glucose (r = 0.629, p<0.001) within T2D and across all participants. Conclusions: Muscular PDE concentrations associate with age, lower resting mitochondrial activity and insulin resistance, which is determined mainly by body mass and glycemia. © 2011 Szendroedi et al.
Gestational prediabetes: A new term for early prevention?; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher rates of foetal macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and pregnancy-induced hypertension, and are at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Herein, we introduce a new conceptual term, "gestational prediabetes", which requires the absence of diabetes before pregnancy, and the presence of blood glucose levels (or a related marker) in early pregnancy that are higher than normal, but not yet high enough to meet the diagnostic criteria for GDM. Identifying women with gestational prediabetes might be done in early pregnancy (e.g., 12 weeks' gestation) using conventional glycaemic testing, assessment of visceral abdominal adiposity or hepatic fat by ultrasonography, or measuring serum sex hormone-binding globulin or adiponectin. However, none of these approaches has been systematically compared to conventional predictors, such as maternal body mass index or waist circumference. Any early-pregnancy predictor of gestational prediabetes risk needs to have low cost, ease of administration, and a short turnaround time. The theoretical advantage of identifying women with gestational prediabetes would be to "prevent" the onset of GDM (and its inherent risks to the pregnancy) in a timelier manner. One sensible starting point would be an intervention to prevent early excessive weight gain in pregnancy, which is currently being evaluated by two randomized clinical trials. In addition, early intervention could offset the need for resource-intense GDM management or insulin therapy.
Nuclear receptor-driven alterations in bile acid and lipid metabolic pathways during gestation; Nuclear receptor signalling is essential for physiological processes such as metabolism, development, and reproduction. Alterations in the endocrine state that naturally occur during pregnancy result in maternal adaptations to support the feto-placental unit. A series of studies have shown that nuclear receptor signalling is involved in maternal adaptations of bile acid, cholesterol, and lipid homeostasis pathways to ensure maintenance of the nutritional demands of the fetus. We discuss regulation of hepatic nuclear receptors and their target genes in pregnancy and their impact on the development of disorders such as intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and oestrogen-induced hepatotoxicity. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Translating nuclear receptors from health to disease. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
Nutrition during pregnancy and the effect of carbohydrates on the offspring's metabolic profile: In search of the "perfect maternal diet"; Fetal growth and development is primarily dependent upon the nutritional, hormonal and metabolic environment provided by the mother. A wartime famine study in Holland first showed that a low food intake reduces the glucose offered to the fetus and thus produces smaller size infants at birth. Maternal glucose regulation is however affected by numerous factors including physiological changes of pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance [IR]), pathological conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus) and maternal nutrition. Maternal glucose is substantially influenced by the type of carbohydrates in the diet through its direct effect on glycemia. The rate at which each carbohydrate raises blood glucose levels after ingestion, can be measured via the dietary glycemic index (GI). Carbohydrate type and the GI of the diet enhance or inhibit abnormal hyperglycemia during pregnancy caused by either pathological conditions or the inability of the mother to cope with the physiological IR of pregnancy. In turn, maternal gestational hyperglycemia may be involved in the pathogenesis of IR, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, the Metabolic Syndrome and subsequent cardiovascular diseases in adult offspring. A low GI maternal diet has been associated with measurable benefits to the offspring. These include a positive effect on altering maternal blood glucose production, insulinemia and reduced adiposity as well as fetal and placental insulin and glucose regulation, fetal growth, birth weight and offspring adiposity. We review the possible links between dietary carbohydrate in health during pregnancy and the effect of maternal carbohydrate ingestion on programming the offspring's metabolic profile. © Tzanetakou et al.
Maternal fructose intake during pregnancy and lactation alters placental growth and leads to sex-specific changes in fetal and neonatal endocrine function; The effects of maternal fructose intake on offspring health remain largely unknown, despite the marked increase in consumption of sweetened beverages that has paralleled the obesity epidemic. The present study investigated the impact of maternal fructose intake on placental, fetal, and neonatal development. Female Wistar rats were time-mated and allocated to receive either water [control (CONT)] or fructose solution designed to provide 20% of caloric intake from fructose (FR). FR was administered from d 1 of pregnancy until postnatal day (P) 10. All dams had ad libitum access to standard laboratory chow and water. Dams and offspring were killed at embryonic day (E) 21 and P10. FR dams demonstrated increased total caloric intake and maternal hyperinsulinemia at E21 as well as increased maternal plasma fructose levels at E21 and P10. FR intake did not alter maternal blood glucose, β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), or electrolyte levels at either time point. Fetal weights at E21 were unchanged, although placental weights were reduced in FR female but not FR male fetuses. Plasma leptin, fructose, and blood glucose levels were increased and BHB levels decreased in FR female but not male fetuses. Plasma insulin levels were not different between CONT and FR groups. Male and female FR neonates had higher plasma fructose levels and were hypoinsulinemic but euglycemic at P10 compared with CONT. Blood BHB levels were increased in FR male neonates but not females at P10. P10 plasma leptin levels were not different between groups. Stomach content leptin levels were increased in all FR offspring at P10, but no differences in stomach content insulin or fructose levels were observed. This study reports for the first time that maternal FR intake resulted in sex-specific changes in offspring development, whereby females appear more vulnerable to metabolic compromise during neonatal life. Independent follow-up studies are essential to investigate the long-term consequences of maternal FR consumption on offspring health. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society.
The influence of a high-fat dietary environment in the fetal period on postnatal metabolic and immune function; Few reports show whether a high-fat (HF) dietary environment in the fetal period affects immune function or the development of lifestyle-related disease at maturity. We examined the influence of an HF dietary environment in the fetal period on postnatal metabolic and immune function. A total of 16 pregnant mice were given control (CON) diet and 16 were given HF diet in the gestational period, from mating to delivery. After delivery lactating mice were given either CON or HF diet, resulting in four groups. After weaning, the offspring mice were given the same diet that their mothers received during lactation. HF dietary intake in the postnatal period increased fat pad weights, serum glucose, and leptin levels. An HF diet in the fetal period resulted in fewer splenic lymphocytes, a thinner thymic cortex, and impaired antigen-specific immune reactions. Furthermore, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α production and serum triglyceride levels were elevated in the fetal HF group. In addition, the HF-HF group showed a consistent decrease in ovalbumin (OVA)-specific IgG and elevation of IgE, associated with advanced fatty changes in the liver. Results from this study suggest that HF environment during the fetal period induces epigenetic propensity toward obesity and immunological burden in part due to increased adipose tissue mass, significant reduction in the number of immune cells and decreased activities of immune cells. © 2009 The Obesity Society.
Retinol-binding protein 4 is associated with prediabetes in adults from the general population: The cooperative health research in the Region of Augsburg (KORA) F4 study; OBJECTIVE - We examined the association between retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), a novel adipokine, and prediabetes (isolated impaired fasting glucose [i-IFG], isolated impaired glucose tolerance [i-IGT], and combined IFG and IGT) in men and women aged 32-81 years. RESEARCH DESIGN ANDMETHODS - The analysis was based on 2,614 participants without previously diagnosed diabetes and those with newly diagnosed diabetes of the Cooperative Health Research in the Region of Augsburg (KORA) F4 Study, conducted from 2006 to 2008 in southern Germany. Plasma RBP4 was analyzed by immunonephelometry. RESULTS - In logistic regression analysis, RBP4 levels in the fourth quartile versus the first quartile were significantly associated with prediabetes (i-IGT, i-IFG, and IFG/IGT; reference normal glucose tolerance) independent of known metabolic risk factors and lifestyle variables (odds ratio 1.63 [95% CI 1.17-2.27] after multivariable adjustment). Stratification by sex showed generally similar results. CONCLUSIONS - RBP4 levels were associated with prediabetes in individuals from the general population. Prospective studies investigating the impact of RBP4 on the development of glucose intolerance are needed. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association.
N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort trial; Background: N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is elevated in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This trial aimed to generate data for gestational diabetes mellitus patients, who are at risk to develop these complications.Methods: We have measured NT-proBNP in 223 otherwise healthy women between gestational week 24 and 32 referred to the outpatient diabetes unit in a cross-sectional study.Results: 88 control subjects, 45 patients with indication for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone and 90 patients who required insulin therapy were included. Groups of women were comparable regarding gestational week. Body mass index before pregnancy and at blood draw was significantly higher in subjects with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus compared to MNT controlled gestational diabetes mellitus. NT-proBNP was significantly lower in patients with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (35 ± 25 pg/ml) compared to controls (53 ± 43 pg/ml, p = 0.012).Conclusions: NT-proBNP is within the reference range of normal subjects in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Differences in body mass index, changes in glomerular filtration rate and haemodynamics may explain lower NT-proBNP concentrations in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus. A false negative interpretation needs to be considered in these women. © 2011 Andreas et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Fetuin-A: A multifunctional protein; Sixty-six years have elapsed since the discovery of fetuin in 1944, but its importance in mammalian physiology has only recently been appreciated. Fetuin, first isolated from fetal bovine serum and now most commonly known as either fetuin-A, alpha-2-HS-glycoprotein (recommended name by UniprotKB and PIR), or α2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein, functions as an important component of diverse normal and pathological processes, including vascular calcification and bone metabolism regulation, insulin resistance, protease activity control, keratinocytes migration, and breast tumor cell proliferative signaling. Fetuin-A has also been identified as a biomarker for neurodegenerative disease. Here, we summarize recent publications focusing on the structural and functional properties of fetuin-A. The emerging importance of fetuin-A for both diagnosis and therapeutics has come to the attention of the pharmaceutical industry. Therefore, we will discuss the status of patents based on fetuin-A. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Childhood metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovarian disease; Obesity in youth is a worldwide public health problem. Childhood obesity results in clinical conditions such as metabolic syndrome, early atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, hyper tension, fatty liver and type 2 diabetes. Central obesity is directly linked to insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Ethnicity, intrauterine environment, low birth weight, excess diet and poor physical activity are the etiopathogenetic factors which work synergistically. With the foresight that metabolic syndrome tracks into adulthood, it should be recognized and intervened early for the prevention of diabetes and coronary heart disease. The treatment of obesity during childhood and adolescent period is mainly non pharmacological and aims at promoting lifestyle modification. Polycystic ovarian syndrome is a strong clinical correlate of metabolic syndrome relevant to adolescent girls. Diagnostic criteria and treatment for adolescent PCOS are not clearly defined yet. Lifestyle modification forms the basis of preventive and therapeutic strategy of the epidemic of obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. Methods A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). Results: There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9±0.6 vs. 27.9±0.6 kg/m2, respectively; p=0.12). Women with previous GDM had higher fasting and 2 h glucose concentrations following a 75 g OGTT ([mean ± SEM] fasting glucose 5.3±0.1 vs. 5.1±0.1 mmol/l, p=0.02; 2 h glucose 6.8±0.2 vs. 5.8±0.3 mmol/l, p=0.02), dyslipidaemia (LDL-cholesterol 3.3±0.1 vs. 2.8±0.1 mmol/l; HDL-cholesterol [median {interquartile range}] 1.3 [1.2-1.6] vs. 1.8 [1.5-1.9] mmol/l; triacylglycerol 1.3 [0.9-1.6] vs. 1.0 [0.7-1.7] mmol/l, all p≤0.03), higher insulin secretion and lower insulin sensitivity. NAFLD prevalence was greater in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM: 38% (95% CI 28-47%) vs. 17% (95% CI 10-24%), p=0.001. In multiple logistic regression analysis, lower insulin sensitivity and raised serum alanine transaminase concentrations were associated with NAFLD. Conclusions/interpretation: NAFLD is prevalent in European women with previous GDM. Impaired insulin sensitivity and increased liver transaminase activity are closely associated with NAFLD in these women. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
Type 2 diabetes across generations: From pathophysiology to prevention and management; Type 2 diabetes is now a pandemic and shows no signs of abatement. In this Seminar we review the pathophysiology of this disorder, with particular attention to epidemiology, genetics, epigenetics, and molecular cell biology. Evidence is emerging that a substantial part of diabetes susceptibility is acquired early in life, probably owing to fetal or neonatal programming via epigenetic phenomena. Maternal and early childhood health might, therefore, be crucial to the development of effective prevention strategies. Diabetes develops because of inadequate islet β-cell and adipose-tissue responses to chronic fuel excess, which results in so-called nutrient spillover, insulin resistance, and metabolic stress. The latter damages multiple organs. Insulin resistance, while forcing β cells to work harder, might also have an important defensive role against nutrient-related toxic effects in tissues such as the heart. Reversal of overnutrition, healing of the β cells, and lessening of adipose tissue defects should be treatment priorities. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Body and liver fat mass rather than muscle mitochondrial function determine glucose metabolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - Ectopic lipid storage in muscle (intramyocellular lipids [IMCL]) and liver (hepatocellular lipids [HCL]) coexists with impaired myocellular flux through ATP synthase (fATPase) in certain cohorts with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Because women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have elevated ectopic lipids and diabetes risk, we tested whether deteriorated energy metabolism contributes to these abnormalities. RESEARCH DESIGNANDMETHODS - A total of 23 glucose-tolerant nonobese pGDM and eight women with normal glucose metabolism during pregnancy with similar age, body mass, and physical activity underwent oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) and intravenous glucose tolerance tests at 4-5 years after delivery. OGTT values <463 mL · min -1 z m -2 were considered to indicate insulin resistance. pGDM were further stratified into insulin-resistant (pGDM-IR) and insulin-sensitive (pGDM-IS) groups. IMCL, HCL, and fATPase were measured with 1H/ 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS - pGDM had 36% higher fatmass and 12% lower insulin sensitivity. Log-transformed fATPase was lower in pGDM (10.6 ± 3.8 μmol · mL muscle -1 · min -1 vs. 12.1 ± 1.4 μmol · mL muscle -1 · min -1, P < 0.03) and related to plasma adiponectin after adjustment for body fat (r = 0.44, P<0.04). IMCL were 61%and 69% higher in pGDM-IR (P<0.05 vs. pGDM-IS) and insulin resistant women (P<0.003 vs. insulin sensitive), respectively. HCL were doubled (P < 0.05) in pGDM and insulin resistant women, and correlated positively with body fat mass (r = 0.50, P < 0.01) and inversely with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.46, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Glucose-tolerant pGDM show increased liver fat but only slightly lower muscular insulin sensitivity and ATP synthesis. This suggests that alteration of hepatic lipid storage represents an early and predominant abnormality in this cohort. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association.
Physiological insights gained from gene expression analysis in obesity and diabetes; Microarray technology permits the interrogation of nearly all expressed genes under a wide range of conditions. Patterns of gene expression in response to obesity and diabetes have yielded important insights into the pathogenesis of diabetes and its relationship to obesity. In muscle, microarray studies have motivated research into mitochondrial function. In adipose tissue, clues have pointed to the importance of lammation in obesity. New adipocyte-derived hormones involved in insulin resistance have been found; a notable example is retinol binding protein 4. In liver, genes responsive to master regulators of lipid metabolism have been identified. In β-cells, genes involved in cell survival, cell proliferation, and insulin secretion have been identified. These studies have greatly expanded our understanding of mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of obesity-induced diabetes. When combined with genetic ormation, microarray data can be used to construct causal network models linking gene expression with disease. Copyright © 2010 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy and other pituitary disorders (including GH deficiency); The pituitary gland is one of the most affected organs with altered anatomy and physiology during pregnancy. Acromegaly is the second most common pituitary adenoma seen in relation to gestation after prolactinomas. Acromegaly should be treated before conception to prevent potential tumor growth in patients who desire fertility. Medical therapy can be ceased safely after confirmation of pregnancy in acromegalic patients, but octreotide may be used in selected cases with compressive signs. Other hormonal and non-functional tumors are rarer and have been presented as case reports. Sheehan's syndrome, which is one of the most common causes of hypopituitarism in developing countries, and lymphocytic hypophysitis are known to be associated with pregnancy. They usually result in hypopituitarism, sometimes with delays in diagnosis and difficulties in differential diagnosis. Pregnancy is not common among patients with hypopituitarism or pituitary adenomas due to altered gonadotroph functions. Ovulation induction is essential for fertility achievement, but the replacement of other deficient pituitary hormones, including GH, seems to play an important role in the preparation of the uterus for implantation of the embryo. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ncb5or deficiency increases fatty acid catabolism and oxidative stress; The endoplasmic reticulum-associated NADH cytochrome b5 oxidoreductase (Ncb5or) is widely distributed in animal tissues. Ncb5or -/- mice develop diabetes at age 7 weeks and have increased susceptibility to the diabetogenic oxidant streptozotocin. Ncb5or deficiency also results in lipoatrophy and increased hepatocyte sensitivity to cytotoxic effects of saturated fatty acids. Here we investigate the mechanisms of these phenomena in prediabetic Ncb5or-/- mice and find that, despite increased rates of fatty acid uptake and synthesis and higher stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) expression, Ncb5or-/- liver accumulates less triacylglycerol (TAG) than wild type (WT). Increased fatty acid catabolism and oxidative stress are evident in Ncb5or-/- hepatocytes and reflect increased mitochondrial content, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator 1α (PGC-1α) expression, fatty acid oxidation rates, oxidative stress response gene expression, and oxidized glutathione content. Ncb5or-/- hepatocytes readily incorporate exogenous fatty acids into TAG but accumulate more free fatty acids (FFA) and have greater palmitate-induced oxidative stress responses and cell death than WT, all of which are alleviated by co-incubation with oleate via TAG channeling. A high fat diet rich in palmitate and oleate stimulates both lipogenesis and fatty acid catabolism in Ncb5or-/- liver, resulting in TAG levels similar to WT but increased intracellular FFA accumulation. Hepatic SCD-specific activity is lower in Ncb5or-/- than in WT mice, although Ncb5or -/- liver has a greater increase in Scd1 mRNA and protein levels. Together, these findings suggest that increased FFA accumulation and catabolism and oxidative stress are major consequences of Ncb5or deficiency in liver. © 2011 by The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Effects of a highly palatable diet on lipid and glucose parameters, nitric oxide, and ectonucleotidases activity; Obesity has reached epidemic proportions worldwide and is stimulated by the ready availability of food rich in fat and sugar (highly palatable diet). This type of diet increases the risks of obesity-associated pathologies, such as insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. Nitric oxide, a potent endogenous vasodilator, is decreased in these pathologies, mostly as a result of insulin resistance. Ectonucleotidases are ecto and soluble enzymes that regulate the availability of the nucleotides ATP, ADP, and AMP and the nucleoside adenosine in the vascular system, thereby affecting vasoconstriction, vasodilatation, and platelet aggregation homeostasis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a highly palatable diet on serum lipid and glucose parameters, nitric oxide, and ectonucleotidase activity. Forty male Wistar rats were fed 1 of 2 diets for either 45 days or 4 months: standard chow (SC, n = 10) or a highly palatable diet enriched with sucrose (HP, n = 10). Body mass, visceral fat mass, glucose tolerance, cholesterol (total, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and non-HDL), serum triacylglycerol, liver triacylglycerol, and free glycerol were increased in the HP group after 45 days and after 4 months, whereas insulin levels were not different between the groups at either time. Furthermore, levels of nitric oxide metabolites and ATP, ADP, and AMP hydrolysis were significantly lower in the HP group (p < 0.05) after 4 months. In conclusion, the consumption of the HP diet for 4 months induced overall corporal and metabolic changes, and decreased nitric oxide metabolites and ectonucleotidase activity, thereby promoting an appropriate environment for the development of cardiovascular diseases, without apparent changes in insulin levels.
Serum visfatin is correlated with disease severity and metabolic syndrome in chronic hepatitis C infection; Background and Aim: Cytokines activation is a common feature in chronic hepatitis C (CHC) infection. Visfatin, as a recently-recognized adipocytokine, may correlate with metabolic abnormalities. We aimed to elucidate the characteristics of visfatin in CHC patients. Methods: This retrospective study included 102 treatment-naïve CHC patients and 97 sex-/age-matched healthy adults. Serum visfatin levels were examined by an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay test. The correlation between visfatin and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in terms of virological, metabolic, and histopathological profiles was analyzed. The impact of visfatin on the treatment response to pegylated interferon plus ribavirin (PEGIFN/RBV) therapy was also assessed. Results: The visfatin level was correlated significantly with fibrosis scores (r=0.23, P=0.02) in CHC patients. A significant higher visfatin level was observed in CHC patients with histological activity index scores of mild and more (P=0.01) and advanced fibrosis (P=0.04). The mean visfatin level (0.81±0.28 log ng/mL) of 26 CHC patients with metabolic syndrome was significantly lower than their counterparts (0.95±0.30 log ng/mL) (P=0.03). There was no significant correlation between visfatin and HCV genotypes, viral load, and treatment response to PEGIFN/RBV therapy. Multiple logistic regression analyses demonstrated that metabolic syndrome was the leading negative variable (odds ratio=0.09, 95% confidence interval=0.02-0.46, P=0.004) associated with high visfatin level, followed by advanced fibrosis (odds ratio=2.88, 95% confidence interval=1.06-6.78, P=0.03). Conclusions: Serum visfatin was correlated with disease severity and metabolic syndrome in CHC patients. © 2011 Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Retinol binding protein 4 and insulin resistance in Egyptian type 2 diabetics; Retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP4), a novel adipokine secreted mainly by visceral adipose tissue, increased serum levels has been associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. The aim of our study is to detect the relation between various parameters of insulin resistance and serum RBP4 in type 2 Egyptian diabetic obese patients (T2DM). In a case control study 60 obese type 2 diabetic patients (40 females/20 males) with mean BMI (34.63±4.22 Kg/m2) compared to 15 healthy controls subjects, age and sex matched. Laboratory and anthropometric measurements including: fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, lipid profile, urea, creatinine, RBP4 serum levels, BMI, and waist/hip ratio. Our results demonstrated statistically significant elevation in serum RBP4 concentrations in T2DM subjects compared to control subjects (P<0.001). Significant correlations were observed between the serum RBP4 concentration and fasting blood glucose(r=0.237, P=0.005). In obese diabetic there was negative correlation between serum RBP4 concentration and insulin (r= - 0.348, P = 0.845). No correlation was observed between HOMA-IR and serum RBP4 concentrations (r= 0.344, P = 0.007). No correlation between serum RBP4 concentration, BMI (r = 0.217, P=0.96), and waist/hip ratio (r=0.078, P=0.554). We concluded that elevated serum RBP4 may not play a role in the development of insulin resistance in obese type 2 diabetic Egyptian patients.
Apelin, diabetes, and obesity; Apelin is a peptide known as the ligand of the G-protein-coupled receptor APJ. Several active apelin forms exist such as apelin-36, apelin-17, apelin-13, and the pyroglutamated form of apelin-13. Apelin and APJ are expressed in the central nervous system, particularly in the hypothalamus and in many peripheral tissues. Apelin has been shown to be involved in the regulation of cardiovascular and fluid homeostasis, food intake, cell proliferation, and angiogenesis. In addition to be an ubiquitous peptide, apelin is also produced and secreted by adipocytes and thus considered as an adipokine. This has opened a new field of investigation establishing a link between apelin and metabolic disorders (obesity, type 2 diabetes, etc.) which is the focus of the present review. Several studies, but not all, have reported an increase of plasma apelin concentrations in humans and in animal models with different metabolic pathologies. Moreover, important roles for apelin both in glucose and lipid metabolism have been highlighted as well as the associated signaling pathways. Apelin appears as a beneficial adipokine with anti-obesity and anti-diabetic properties and thus as a promising therapeutic target in metabolic disorders. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Disrupted chronobiology of sleep and cytoprotection in obesity: Possible therapeutic value of melatonin; From a physiological perspective the sleep-wake cycle can be envisioned as a sequence of three physiological states (wakefulness, non-rapid eye movement, NREM, sleep and REM sleep) which are defined by a particular neuroendocrine-immune profile regulating the metabolic balance, body weight and inflammatory responses. Sleep deprivation and circadian disruption in contemporary "24/7 Society" lead to the predominance of pro-orexic and proinflammatory mechanisms that contribute to a pandemic metabolic syndrome (MS) including obesity, diabetes and atherosclerotic disease. Thus, a successful management of MS may require a drug that besides antagonizing the trigger factors of MS could also correct a disturbed sleep-wake rhythm. This review deals with the analysis of the therapeutic validity of melatonin in MS. Melatonin is an effective chronobiotic agent changing the phase and amplitude of the sleep/wake rhythm and having cytoprotective and immunomodulatory properties useful to prevent a number of MS sequels. Several studies support that melatonin can prevent hyperadiposity in animal models of obesity. Melatonin at a low dose (2-5 mg/day) has been used for improving sleep in patients with insomnia and circadian rhythm sleep disorders. More recently, attention has been focused on the development of potent melatonin analogs with prolonged effects (ramelteon, agomelatine, tasimelteon, TK 301). In clinical trials these analogs were employed in doses considerably higher than those usually employed for melatonin. In view that the relative potencies of the analogs are higher than that of the natural compound, clinical trials employing melatonin doses in the range of 50-100 mg/day are needed to assess its therapeutic value in MS. © 2011 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Current treatment strategies,,complications and considerations for the use of HIV antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy; The global prevalence of HIV infection in the female population presents a significant healthcare burden in terms of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of the disease. This review aims to discuss current trends and treatment guidelines for the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy and associated complications in this population. Historically, antiretroviral monotherapy with zidovudine was commonly used for preventing MTCT, and monotherapy with single-dose nevirapine is still used for prevention in resource-limited settings. Evidence suggests that combination therapy with HAART is a more effective treatment option than monotherapy when managing HIV in pregnant women. Current treatment guidelines recommend the use of HAART with a protease inhibitor (PI) or a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) plus two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI) as first-line therapy for the management of HIV infection in pregnant women and for preventing MTCT. Complications associated with the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy should be taken into consideration when selecting a new antiretroviral regimen, or when continuing certain antiretroviral regimens in HIV-infected women who become pregnant while on therapy. NNRTI have been associated with severe and sometimes fatal hepatoxicity in some pregnant women and potentially teratogenic side effects in the fetus, and their use raises concerns regarding the development of drug- and class-resistant mutations. PI-based HAART has been associated with an increased risk of adverse effects such as premature delivery, low birth weight, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and lipodystrophy. Despite this, initiating antiretroviral therapy with a PI plus two NRTI may become the preferred treatment option in pregnant women. Many of the side effects associated with PI were more prevalent when older PI and PI-based regimens that included those in combination with thymidine analog NRTI were used. An individual's history and baseline clinical and laboratory parameters should also be taken into consideration when choosing the most appropriate antiretroviral regimen during pregnancy.
SIRT1 is a novel regulator of key pathways of human labor; Human sirtuin (SIRT) 1 and SIRT2, which possess nicotinamide adenosine dinucleotide (NAD+)-dependent deacetylase activity, exhibit anti-inflammatory actions. However, there are no data available on SIRT1 and SIRT2 expression and regulation in human intrauterine tissues. Thus, the aim of this study was to characterize the localization and expression of SIRT1 and SIRT2 in 1) placenta and fetal membranes before and after term spontaneous labor onset, 2) prelabor fetal membranes from the supracervical site (SCS) and a distal site (DS), and 3) in response to proinflammatory stimuli. Further, the effect of SIRT activation using resveratrol and SRT1720 on prolabor mediators was also assessed. SIRT1 and SIRT2 were localized in the syncytiotrophoblast layer and the cytotrophoblasts of the placenta, amnion epithelium, trophoblast layer of the chorion, and decidual cells. Additionally, SIRT2 was found within the endothelial walls of placental vessels. SIRT2, but not SIRT1, staining was significantly lower in amnion and chorion obtained from the SCS compared to a DS. On the other hand, SIRT1, but not SIRT2, gene and/or protein expression was significantly lower in placenta, amnion, and chorion obtained after labor compared to prelabor. SIRT1 expression, but not SIRT2, was down-regulated by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and proinflammatory cytokines TNF and IL1B. The SIRT1 activators resveratrol and SRT1720 significantly decreased LPS-induced TNF, IL6, and IL8 gene expression and release and PTGS2 mRNA expression and resultant prostaglandin (PG) E 2 and PGF2α release from human gestational tissues. In conclusion, SIRT1 possesses anti-inflammatory actions and thus may play a role in regulating pregnancy and parturition. © 2011 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Insulin resistance as a mechanism of adaptation during human evolution; The recent application of concepts of evolution to human disease is proving useful to understand certain pathophysiological mechanisms of different entities that span genomic alterations of immunity, respiratory and hormone function, and the circulatory and neural systems. However, effort has concentrated on explaining the keys to adaptation that define human metabolism and, since the early 1960s, several theories have been developed. This article reviews some of the hypotheses postulated in recent years on the potential benefit of insulin resistance and discusses the most recent knowledge. The concept of the thrifty gene seems to have been definitively refuted by current knowledge. The current paradigm describes an interaction between the metabolic and the immune systems resulting from their coevolution, promoted by evolutionary pressures triggered by fasting, infection and intake of different foods. The activation and regulation of these ancient mechanisms in integrated and interdependent areas defines insulin resistance as a survival strategy that is critical during fasting and in the fight against infection. The relationship with some components of the diet and, particularly, with the symbiotic intestinal microflora points to new paradigms in understanding the pathophysiology of obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2010 SEEN.
The role of obstructive sleep apnea in metabolic syndrome: A population-based study in women; Background: The aim of this study was to assess associations between obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and metabolic syndrome in a population-based sample of women. Methods: Four hundred women aged 20-70. years underwent a full-night polysomnography, fasting blood sampling and measurement of anthropometric variables. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) criteria. Results: The NCEP criteria of metabolic syndrome were fulfilled by 104 (26.0%) of the women. The frequency of metabolic syndrome increased from 10.5% in women with apnea-hypopnea-index (AHI) <5 to 57.1% in women with AHI ≥30 (p for trend <0.0001). In the multivariate analysis, the severity of OSA measured as AHI, ODI (oxygen desaturation index), minimal saturation or T90 (percentage of time during night with saturation <90%) were associated with metabolic syndrome after adjustment for age, level of physical activity, smoking and alcohol consumption. AHI (adj. OR 1.45; 95% CI 1.11-1.91), ODI (1.37; 1.09-1.73) and minimal saturation level (0.93; 0.87-0.99) remained significantly associated with metabolic syndrome also when adjusting for the waist-to-hip-ratio. The three markers of OSA were independently associated with central obesity, hypertriglyceridemia and reduced HDL cholesterol concentration. Conclusion: Measures of OSA were closely associated with metabolic syndrome and its components in this population-based sample of women also after adjustments. Therefore, when the health consequences of sleep-disordered breathing are investigated it is important to consider metabolic syndrome. Sleep-disordered breathing should also be considered when treating patients with metabolic syndrome. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
Triglycerides and cardiovascular disease: A scientific statement from the American Heart Association; This scientific statement reviews the pivotal role of triglycerides in lipid metabolism and reaffirms that triglyceride is not directly atherogenic but represents an important biomarker of CVD risk because of its association with atherogenic remnant particles and apo CIII. Although some familial disorders of triglyceride metabolism are associated with increased risk for pancreatitis when fasting triglyceride level exceeds 1000 mg/dL, others are associated with increased atherosclerotic risk. Moreover, IR, obesity, and sedentary lifestyle can all lead to or aggravate metabolic syndrome risk factors, which should urgently prompt clinicians to focus first on improving the patient's lifestyle. Knowledge of the metabolic pathways of triglyceride-rich particles and the consequences of hypertriglyceridemia is crucial in understanding the characteristic lipid alterations in DM, lipodystrophic disorders including those seen with HIV, and chronic renal disease. Measurements of non-HDL-C, apo B, or both may be especially useful in those with prominent triglyceride/ HDL abnormalities in which LDL-C measurements may underestimate true atherosclerotic vascular risk. © 2011 American Heart Association, Inc.
Metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome is a clustering of different risk factors that collectively increases the risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The syndrome itself is associated with various metabolic abnormalities, including insulin resistance, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obstructive sleep apnoea, male hypogonadism and polycystic ovary syndrome. This review aims to discuss recent developments related to the syndrome, including the associated metabolic complications and goals for therapeutic strategies.
Maternal obesity and oxidative stress in the fetus: Mechanisms underlying early life shifts in skeletal muscle metabolism; The most common maternal risk factor associated with neonatal complications during delivery is obesity. Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs in 5-10% of the pregnant population, obesity, by virtue of its prevalence, far outpaces GDM as the most important underlying risk factor for increased fetal adiposity. The mechanisms underlying maternal insulin resistance may play an important role in the diversion of excess fuels to the fetus. Maternal adipose depots increase in early pregnancy, followed by increased adipose tissue lipolysis and subsequent hyperlipidaemia, which mainly corresponds to increased triglyceride levels (TG). A positive correlation between maternal TG and infant body weight or fat mass has been found in both GDM and non-GDM obese women. Increased oxidative stress, altered adipokines, and inflammatory cytokines have also been found in obese pregnant women, suggesting an adverse metabolic outcome even in normoglycemic conditions. © Cambridge University Press 2011.
Pediatric obesity epidemiology; Purpose of Review: To provide updated summary of recently published data regarding pediatric obesity epidemiology. Recent Findings: There is a burgeoning literature of pediatric obesity epidemiology, with type 2 diabetes trends serving as the harbinger for obesity related diseases in children. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey and Pediatric Nutrition Surveillance System report a tripling of the prevalence of BMI at least 95% (obesity) among US school-age children and adolescents over the past three decades. Recent updates provide insight into infants and toddler obesity and explore the impact of ethnicity, socioeconomic status, school setting and geographic variations. International data confirm similar upward shifts in pediatric BMI distribution, especially in countries undergoing economic transitions favoring industrialized, western urban lifestyles. Summary: The health and financial consequences of this epidemic are a complex global public health dilemma. International efforts are underway to reverse these obesity trends. On-going analysis of obesity prevalence and exploration of potential causal associations are required to implement and assess the effectiveness of interventions and policies. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Disrupted chronobiology of sleep and cytoprotection in obesity: Possible therapeutic value of melatonin; From a physiological perspective the sleep-wake cycle can be envisioned as a sequence of three physiological states (wakefulness, non-rapid eye movement, NREM, sleep and REM sleep) which are defined by a particular neuroendocrine-immune profile regulating the metabolic balance, body weight and inflammatory responses. Sleep deprivation and circadian disruption in contemporary "24/7 Society" lead to the predominance of pro-orexic and proinflammatory mechanisms that contribute to a pandemic metabolic syndrome (MS) including obesity, diabetes and atherosclerotic disease. Thus, a successful management of MS may require a drug that besides antagonizing the trigger factors of MS could also correct a disturbed sleep-wake rhythm. This review deals with the analysis of the therapeutic validity of melatonin in MS. Melatonin is an effective chronobiotic agent changing the phase and amplitude of the sleep/wake rhythm and having cytoprotective and immunomodulatory properties useful to prevent a number of MS sequels. Several studies support that melatonin can prevent hyperadiposity in animal models of obesity. Melatonin at a low dose (2-5 mg/day) has been used for improving sleep in patients with insomnia and circadian rhythm sleep disorders. More recently, attention has been focused on the development of potent melatonin analogs with prolonged effects (ramelteon, agomelatine, tasimelteon, TK 301). In clinical trials these analogs were employed in doses considerably higher than those usually employed for melatonin. In view that the relative potencies of the analogs are higher than that of the natural compound, clinical trials employing melatonin doses in the range of 50-100 mg/day are needed to assess its therapeutic value in MS. © 2011 Act Nerv Super Rediviva.
The inflammatory changes of adipose tissue in late pregnant mice; The infiltration of classically activated macrophages (M1) and alternatively activated macrophages (M2) in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and parametrial adipose tissue (PAT) was analyzed to investigate whether local inflammatory change in adipose tissue occurs in late pregnancy. C57BL/6N female mice at 6 weeks of age were fed a normal chow diet for 4 weeks prior to mating at 10 weeks of age and were sampled on day 17 of pregnancy. The serum levels of adipokines and biochemical markers were measured using ELISA and enzymatic methods. The identification of M1 and M2 was analyzed by double immunofluorescence with anti-F4/80 and anti-CD11c antibodies. The gene expression of adipokines in adipose tissues was analyzed by quantitative RT-PCR. The pregnant group showed adipocyte hypertrophy, higher macrophage infiltration, and higher M1/M2 in both SAT and PAT compared with the non-pregnant (NP) group. Serum levels of free fatty acids, tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), interleukin 6 (IL6), and IL10 were higher, and serum levels of adiponectin were lower in the pregnant group than those in the NP group. The gene expressions of CD68, Itgax, CCR2, TNFa, and PAI1 in SAT during pregnancy were significantly higher than those in the NP group, as were the gene expressions of CD68, Emrl, Itgax, MCP1, TNFα, IL6, PAI1, adiponectin, and IL10 in PAT. These results suggest that the low-grade inflammation of adipose tissue indicated by increased macrophage infiltration occurs in late normal pregnancy. © 2011 Society for Endocrinology.
Metabolic programming: Background and potential impact for dairy cattle; Metabolic programming is defined as a nutritional intrauterine and/or early postnatal stimulus or insult at a critical period of development with lasting or lifelong significance. Thus growth, milk yield and fertility as decisive parameters for the productivity of ruminants are influenced not only by genetic and environmental factors, but also by epigenetics. In the past decade, knowledge of the impact of metabolic programming in humans and rodents in their later lives has increased considerably. Despite striking differences between the metabolic systems of ruminants and those of monogastric species, metabolic programming has a marked impact on the ruminant species as well. Especially during the first weeks of life, an adequate supply of nutrients is pivotal. Recent studies have demonstrated the advantages of intensified feeding of the preweaning calf for achieving better performance in the resulting dairy cow. Further research will be needed to elucidate the potential of specific tools to manipulate metabolic programming for the purpose of improving the productivity and fertility of cattle.
Overweight, air and noise pollution: Universal risk factors for pediatric pre-hypertension; Pediatric pre-hypertension (pre-HTN) has a complex multifactorial etiology. Although most cases are secondary to other disorders, a substantial number of children and adolescents have primary or essential HTN and pre-HTN. The genegene and gene-environment interactions should be considered in this context. The strong relationship of pre-HTN with environmental factors such as air pollution, noise pollution and passive smoking and obesity suggest that its prevalence will be escalating. Exposure to ambient particulate matters may increase blood pressure (BP) within hours to days. The underlying biologic pathways include autonomic nervous system imbalance and arterial vascular dysfunction or vasoconstriction because of systemic oxidative stress and inflammation. Likewise, tobacco smoke exposure of pregnant mothers increases systolic BP of their offspring in early infancy. Parental smoking also independently affects systolic BP among healthy preschool children. Noise exposure, notably in night, is associated with catecholamine secretion, increased BP and a pre-HTN state even in pre-school age children.Excess weight is associated with dysfunction of the adipose tissue, consisting of enlarged hypertrophied adipocytes, increased infiltration by macrophages and variations in secretion of adipokines and free fatty acids. These changes would result in chronic vascular inflammation, oxidative stress, activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and sympathetic response, and ultimately to pre-HTN from childhood. Prevention and control of the modifiable risk factors of pre-HTN from prenatal period can have long-term health impact on primordial and primary prevention of chronic non-communicable diseases. This review presents a general view on the diagnosis, prevalence and etiology of pre-HTN along with practical measures for its prevention and control.
Low-carbohydrate diet review: Shifting the paradigm; What does a clinician need to know about low-carbohydrate (LC) diets? This review examines and compares the safety and the effectiveness of a LC approach as an alternative to a low-fat (LF), high-carbohydrate diet, the current standard for weight loss and/or chronic disease prevention. In short-term and long-term comparison studies, ad libitum and isocaloric therapeutic diets with varying degrees of carbohydrate restriction perform as well as or better than comparable LF diets with regard to weight loss, lipid levels, glucose and insulin response, blood pressure, and other important cardiovascular risk markers in both normal subjects and those with metabolic and other health-related disorders. The metabolic, hormonal, and appetite signaling effects of carbohydrate reduction suggest an underlying scientific basis for considering it as an alternative approach to LF, high-carbohydrate recommendations in addressing overweight/obesity and chronic disease in America. It is time to embrace LC diets as a viable option to aid in reversing diabetes mellitus, risk factors for heart disease, and the epidemic of obesity. © 2011 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
The role of insulin-sensitizing agents in the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome, which includes dyslipidemia, central obesity, hypertension, and insulin resistance. These diseases collectively and individually increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a subset of NAFLD that can progress to cirrhosis in up to 30% of patients and lead to decompensated liver disease requiring liver transplantation in many patients. Insulin resistance is the pathophysiological hallmark of NASH and addressing insulin resistance is an important aspect of NASH management. Lifestyle modifications with diet and exercise improve insulin sensitivity and are the cornerstone of therapy, but are often difficult to maintain long term. Not surprisingly, insulin-sensitizing agents have been a focus of pharmacologic investigation in NASH. Insulin sensitizers such as the thiazolidinediones, biguanides, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, and the dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors, also known as incretins, will be discussed with respect to their mechanism of action and how these drugs might target aspects of NASH pathophysiology. Finally, we will summarize the available clinical data and review both the risks and benefits of insulin sensitizers in the treatment of NASH. © 2011, SAGE Publications. All rights reserved.
Towards a unifying, systems biology understanding of large-scale cellular death and destruction caused by poorly liganded iron: Parkinson's, Huntington's, Alzheimer's, prions, bactericides, chemical toxicology and others as examples; Exposure to a variety of toxins and/or infectious agents leads to disease, degeneration and death, often characterised by circumstances in which cells or tissues do not merely die and cease to function but may be more or less entirely obliterated. It is then legitimate to ask the question as to whether, despite the many kinds of agent involved, there may be at least some unifying mechanisms of such cell death and destruction. I summarise the evidence that in a great many cases, one underlying mechanism, providing major stresses of this type, entails continuing and autocatalytic production (based on positive feedback mechanisms) of hydroxyl radicals via Fenton chemistry involving poorly liganded iron, leading to cell death via apoptosis (probably including via pathways induced by changes in the NF-κB system). While every pathway is in some sense connected to every other one, I highlight the literature evidence suggesting that the degenerative effects of many diseases and toxicological insults converge on iron dysregulation. This highlights specifically the role of iron metabolism, and the detailed speciation of iron, in chemical and other toxicology, and has significant implications for the use of iron chelating substances (probably in partnership with appropriate anti-oxidants) as nutritional or therapeutic agents in inhibiting both the progression of these mainly degenerative diseases and the sequelae of both chronic and acute toxin exposure. The complexity of biochemical networks, especially those involving autocatalytic behaviour and positive feedbacks, means that multiple interventions (e.g. of iron chelators plus antioxidants) are likely to prove most effective. A variety of systems biology approaches, that I summarise, can predict both the mechanisms involved in these cell death pathways and the optimal sites of action for nutritional or pharmacological interventions. © 2010 The Author(s).
Pre-and postnatal methyl deficiency in the rat differentially alters glucose homeostasis; Background/Aims: Early-life methyl-donor deficiency is implicated in growth restriction and later-life development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. We ascertained whether dietary methyl-donor deficiency in the mother during pregnancy or during postweaning growth in the rat would impair glucose homeostasis, insulin secretion and pancreatic endocrine development in young adults. Methods: Effects of maternal methyl deficiency (90% deficiency in methionine, folate and choline) were compared with those of postweaning methyl deficiency and with control diets for effects on growth, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin secretion and pancreas development in offspring. Studies focussed on male offspring, which have been shown more susceptible to early-life influences on later disease development. Results: Prenatal methyl deficiency delayed delivery, restricted birthweight by 22%, reduced litter size by 33% and increased offspring mortality to 23% shortly after birth. It reduced relative endocrine pancreatic mass in adult male offspring to 46% of endocrine mass in controls, but only mildly impaired their glucose tolerance and insulin secretion. In contrast, postweaning methyl deficiency restricted growth of male rats and reduced relative pancreatic endocrine mass (-40%), but improved their glucose tolerance, despite decreased insulin secretion. Conclusion: It is clear that the global undernutrition (UN) during pregnancy in rodents alters glucose metabolism in adult offspring. It has been hypothesised that alterations in epigenetic mechanisms may underlie this phenotype. However, removing all methyl donors during pregnancy, which are essential for epigenetic processes in development, did not cause any alteration in glucose metabolism in offspring as seen in the global UN model. © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Metabolic syndrome, dyslipidemia, hypertension and type 2 diabetes in youth: From diagnosis to treatment; Overweight and obesity in youth is a worldwide public health problem. Overweight and obesity in childhood and adolescents have a substantial effect upon many systems, resulting in clinical conditions such as metabolic syndrome, early atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, hypertension and type 2 diabetes (T2D). Obesity and the type of body fat distribution are still the core aspects of insulin resistance and seem to be the physiopathologic links common to metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and T2D. The earlier the appearance of the clustering of risk factors and the higher the time of exposure, the greater will be the chance of developing coronary disease with a more severe endpoint. The age when the event may occur seems to be related to the presence and aggregation of risk factors throughout life. The treatment in this age-group is non pharmacological and aims at promoting changes in lifestyle. However, pharmacological treatments are indicated in special situations. The major goals in dietary treatments are not only limited to weight loss, but also to an improvement in the quality of life. Modification of risk factors associated to comorbidities, personal satisfaction of the child or adolescent and trying to establish healthy life habits from an early age are also important. There is a continuous debate on the best possible exercise to do, for children or adolescents, in order to lose weight. The prescription of physical activity to children and adolescents requires extensive integrated work among multidisciplinary teams, patients and their families, in order to reach therapeutic success. The most important conclusion drawn from this symposium was that if the growing prevalence of overweight and obesity continues at this pace, the result will be a population of children and adolescents with metabolic syndrome. This would lead to high mortality rates in young adults, changing the current increasing trend of worldwide longevity. Government actions and a better understanding of the causes of this problem must be implemented worldwide, by aiming at the prevention of obesity in children and adolescents. © 2010 Halpern et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Diet-induced obesity suppresses ghrelin in rat gastrointestinal tract and serum; The aims of the present study were to examine ghrelin expression in serum and gastrointestinal tract (GIT) tissues, and to measure tissue ghrelin levels and obesity-related alterations in some serum biochemical variables in rats with diet-induced obesity (DIO). The study included 12 male rats, 60 days old. The rats were randomly allocated to two groups (n = 6). Rats in the DIO group were fed a cafeteria-style diet to induce obesity, while those in the control group were fed on standard rat pellets. After a 12 week diet program including an adaptation period all rats were decapitated, tissues were individually fixed, ghrelin expression was examined by immunohistochemistry, and tissue and serum ghrelin levels were measured by radioimmunoassay. Serum biochemical variables were measured using an autoanalyzer. When the baseline and week 12 body mass index and GIT ghrelin expression were compared between DIO and control rats, BMI had increased and ghrelin expression decreased due to obesity. The RIA results were consistent with these findings. Serum glucose, LDL cholesterol, and total cholesterol levels were elevated and HDL cholesterol significantly decreased in the DIO group. A comparison of GIT tissues between the control and obese groups demonstrated that ghrelin was decreased in all tissues of the latter. This decrease was brought about a decline in the circulating ghrelin pool. This suggests that rather than being associated with a change in a single tissue, obesity is a pathological condition in which ghrelin expression is changed in all tissues. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Evidence-based risk assessment and recommendations for physical activity clearance: Diabetes mellitus and related comorbidities; Physical activity (PA) is one of the most powerful treatment options for persons with prediabetes or diabetes. However, some elevation in risk occurs with increased PA, at least initially, and certain precautions need to be made to lower these risks, particularly if these persons are unaccustomed to exercise. We conducted a standardized search of all adverse events associated with increased PA in persons with prediabetes or diabetes (type 1 or type 2) and provided evidencebased guidelines on PA screening in these apparently high-risk individuals. A systematic literature review was performed of all studies reporting on adverse events in persons with prediabetes or diabetes. Studies included were from all designs (retrospective and prospective including randomized controlled trials) and were assessed according to evaluation criteria adapted by a consensus panel. A total of 47 studies, involving >8000 individuals, were deemed eligible. A number of these studies identified a range of mild to severe acute risks with exercise (musculoskeletal injury, hypoglycemia, foot ulceration, proliferative retinopathy, hypotension, sudden death) but the overall prevalence was low. Based on several randomized controlled trials and prospective studies in which prescribed exercise was performed at a wide range of intensities, it appears that increased PA is a relatively safe procedure with no evidence of a loss of life. Based on our assessment of the available literature, we provide a new PA risk algorithm for persons with prediabetes and diabetes and comment on the role of the patient, the qualified exercise professional, and the patient's physician in the risk screening process.
Links between Insulin resistance, adenosine A2B receptors, and inflammatory markers in mice and humans; OBJECTIVE - To determine the mechanisms by which blockade of adenosine A2B receptors (A2BRs) reduces insulin resistance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We investigated the effects of deleting or blocking the A2BR on insulin sensitivity using glucose tolerance tests (GTTs) and hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps in mouse models of type 2 diabetes. The effects of diabetes on A2BR transcription and signaling were measured in human and mouse macrophages and mouse endothelial cells. In addition, tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in ∼42 kb encompassing the A 2BR gene, ADORA2B, were evaluated for associations with markers of diabetes and inflammation. RESULTS - Treatment of mice with the nonselective adenosine receptor agonist 5′-N-ethylcarboxamidoadensoine (NECA) increased fasting blood glucose and slowed glucose disposal during GTTs. These responses were inhibited by A2BR deletion or blockade and minimally affected by deletion of A1Rs or A2ARs. During hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp of diabetic KKAY mice, A2BR antagonism increased glucose infusion rate, reduced hepatic glucose production, and increased glucose uptake into skeletal muscle and brown adipose tissue. Diabetes caused a four- to sixfold increase in A2BR mRNA in endothelial cells and macrophages and resulted in enhanced interleukin (IL)-6 production in response to NECA due to activation of protein kinases A and C. Five consecutive tag SNPs in ADORA2B were highly correlated with IL-6 and C-reactive protein (CRP). Diabetes had a highly significant independent effect on variation in inflammatory markers. The strength of associations between several ADORA2B SNPs and inflammatory markers was increased when accounting for diabetes status. CONCLUSIONS - Diabetes affects the production of adenosine and the expression of A2BRs that stimulate IL-6 and CRP production, insulin resistance, and the association between ADORA2B SNPs and inflammatory markers. We hypothesize that increased A2BR signaling in diabetes increases insulin resistance in part by elevating proinflammatory mediators. Selective A2BR blockers may be useful to treat insulin resistance. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association.
Vitamin D deficiency and a CYP27B1-1260 promoter polymorphism are associated with chronic hepatitis C and poor response to interferon-alfa based therapy; Background & Aims: Vitamin D is an important immune modulator and preliminary data indicated an association between vitamin D deficiency and sustained virologic response (SVR) rates in hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1 patients. We, therefore, performed a comprehensive analysis on the impact of vitamin D serum levels and of genetic polymorphisms with functional relevance within the vitamin D cascade on chronic hepatitis C and its treatment. Methods: Vitamin D serum levels, genetic polymorphisms within the vitamin D receptor and 1α-hydroxylase were determined in a cohort of 468 HCV genotype 1, 2, and 3 infected patients who were treated with interferon-alfa based regimens. Results: Chronic hepatitis C was associated with a high incidence of severe vitamin D deficiency compared to controls (25(OH)D3 <10 ng/ml in 25% versus 12%, p <0.00001). 25(OH)D3 deficiency correlated with SVR in HCV genotype 2 and 3 patients (50% and 81% SVR for patients with and without severe vitamin D deficiency, respectively, p <0.0001). In addition, the CYP27B1-1260 promoter polymorphism rs10877012 had substantial impact on 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D serum levels (72, 61, and 60 pmol/ml for rs10877012 AA, AC, and CC, respectively, p = 0.04) and on SVR rates in HCV genotype 1, 2, and 3 infected patients (77% and 65% versus 42% for rs10877012 AA, AC, and CC, respectively, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Chronic hepatitis C virus infection is associated with vitamin D deficiency. Reduced 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and CYP27B1-1260 promoter polymorphism leading to reduced 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D levels are associated with failure to achieve SVR in HCV genotype 1, 2, and 3 infected patients. © 2010 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Variations in adipokine genes AdipoQ, Lep, and LepR are associated with risk for obesity-related metabolic disease: The modulatory role of gene-nutrient interactions; Obesity rates are rapidly increasing worldwide and facilitate the development of many related disease states, such as cardiovascular disease, the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and various types of cancer. Variation in metabolically important genes can have a great impact on a population's susceptibility to becoming obese and/or developing related complications. The adipokines adiponectin and leptin, as well as the leptin receptor, are major players in the regulation of body energy homeostasis and fat storage. This paper summarizes the findings of single nucleotide polymorphisms in these three genes and their effect on obesity and metabolic disease risk. Additionally, studies of gene-nutrient interactions involving adiponectin, leptin, and the leptin receptor are highlighted to emphasize the critical role of diet in susceptible populations. © 2011 Jennifer Emily Enns et al.
Activation of the nuclear receptor PPARα regulates lipid metabolism in foetal liver from diabetic rats: Implications in diabetes-induced foetal overgrowth; Background: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α (PPARα) is a crucial regulator of liver lipid metabolism. As maternal diabetes impairs foetal lipid metabolism and growth, we aimed to determine whether PPARα activation regulates lipid metabolism in the foetal liver from diabetic rats as well as foetal weight and foetal liver weight. Methods: Diabetes was induced by neonatal streptozotocin administration (90 mg/kg). For ex vivo studies, livers from 21-day-old foetuses from control and diabetic rats were explanted and incubated in the presence of PPARα agonists (clofibrate and leukotriene B4) for further evaluation of lipid levels (by thin layer chromatography and densitometry), de novo lipid synthesis (by 14C-acetate incorporation) and lipid peroxidation (by thiobarbituric reactive substances evaluation). For in vivo studies, foetuses were injected through the uterine wall with leukotriene B4 on days 19, 20 and 21 of gestation. On day 21 of gestation, foetal liver concentrations of lipids and lipoperoxides were evaluated. Results: Foetuses from diabetic rats showed increased body weight and liver weight, as well as accumulation of triglycerides and cholesteryl esters, increased de novo lipid synthesis and lipid peroxidation in the liver when compared to controls. Ex vivo studies showed that PPARα ligands reduced both the concentrations and synthesis of the lipid species studied and lipid peroxidation in the foetal liver from diabetic rats. In vivo experiments showed that leukotriene B4 reduced the concentrations of triglycerides, cholesteryl esters and phospholipids, as well as lipid peroxidation, foetal weight and foetal liver weight in diabetic rats. Conclusions: PPARα activation regulates the impaired foetal liver lipid metabolism, prevents hepatomegaly and reduces foetal overgrowth induced by maternal diabetes. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Hepatitis B in Pregnancy: Challenges and Treatment; Hepatitis B virus (HBV) during pregnancy presents unique management challenges. Varying aspects of care must be considered, including the effects of HBV on maternal and fetal health, effects of pregnancy on the course of HBV infection, treatment of HBV during and after pregnancy, and prevention of perinatal infection. Antiretroviral therapy has not been associated with increased risk of birth defects or toxicity, but despite studies designed to elucidate the drug efficacy and safety in affected individuals and the developing fetus, recommendations are inconclusive. Clinicians and patients must make individualized decisions after carefully evaluating the risks and benefits summarized in this article. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Progesterone increases skeletal muscle mitochondrial H2O 2 emission in nonmenopausal women; The luteal phase of the female menstrual cycle is associated with both 1) elevated serum progesterone (P4) and estradiol (E2), and 2) reduced insulin sensitivity. Recently, we demonstrated a link between skeletal muscle mitochondrial H2O2 emission (mEH2O2) and insulin resistance. To determine whether serum levels of P4 and/or E2 are related to mitochondrial function, mEH2O2 and respiratory O 2 flux (JO2) were measured in permeabilized myofibers from insulin-sensitive (IS, n = 24) and -resistant (IR, n = 8) nonmenopausal women (IR = HOMA-IR > 3.6). Succinate-supported mEH2O2 was more than 50% greater in the IR vs. IS women (P < 0.05). Interestingly, serum P4 correlated positively with succinate-supported mEH2O2 (r = 0. 53, P < 0.01). To determine whether P4 or E2 directly affect mitochondrial function, saponin-permeabilized vastus lateralis myofibers biopsied from five nonmenopausal women in the early follicular phase were incubated in P4 (60 nM), E2 (1.4 nM), or both. P4 alone inhibited state 3 JO2, supported by multisubstrate combination (P < 0.01). However, E2 alone or in combination with P4 had no effect on JO2. In contrast, during state 4 respiration, supported by succinate and glycerophosphate, mEH2O2 was increased with P4 alone or in combination with E2 (P < 0.01). The results suggest that 1) P4 increases mEH2O2 with or without E2; 2) P4 alone inhibits JO2 but not when E2 is present; and 3) P4 is related to the mEH2O2 previously linked to skeletal muscle insulin resistance. Copyright © 2011 the American Physiological Society.
Pharmacometabonomic profiling as a predictor of toxicity in patients with inoperable colorectal cancer treated with capecitabine; Purpose: Endogenous metabolic profiles have been shown to predict the fate and toxicity of drugs such as acetaminophen in healthy individuals. However, the clinical utility of metabonomics in oncology remains to be defined. We aimed to evaluate the effect of pretreatment serum metabolic profiles generated by 1H NMR spectroscopy on toxicity in patients with inoperable colorectal cancer receiving single agent capecitabine. Experimental Design: Serum was collected from 54 patients with a diagnosis of locally advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer prior to treatment with single agent capecitabine. 1H NMR spectroscopy was used to generate metabolic profile data for each patient. Toxicities were graded according to National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria version 2.0. Results: Higher levels of low-density lipoprotein-derived lipids, including polyunsaturated fatty acids and choline phospholipids predicted for higher grade toxicity over the treatment period. Statistical analyses revealed a "pharmacometabonomic" lipid profile that correlated with severity of toxicity. Conclusions: This study suggests that metabolic profiles can delineate subpopulations susceptible to adverse events and have a potential role in the assessment of treatment viability for cancer patients prior to commencing chemotherapy. ©2011 AACR.
Rescuing hepatocytes from iron-catalyzed oxidative stress using vitamins B1 and B6; In the following rescue experiments, iron-mediated hepatocyte oxidative stress cytotoxicity was found to be prevented if vitamin B1 or B6 was added 1. h after treatment with iron. The role of iron in catalyzing Fenton-mediated oxidative damage has been implicated in iron overload genetic diseases, carcinogenesis (colon cancer), Alzheimer's disease and complications associated with the metabolic syndrome through the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS). The objectives of this study were to interpret the cytotoxic mechanisms and intracellular targets of oxidative stress using " accelerated cytotoxicity mechanism screening" techniques (ACMS) and to evaluate the rescue strategies of vitamins B1 and B6. Significant cytoprotection by antioxidants or ROS scavengers indicated that iron-mediated cytotoxicity could be attributed to reactive oxygen species. Of the B6 vitamers, pyridoxal was best at rescuing hepatocytes from iron-catalyzed lipid peroxidation (LPO), protein oxidation, and DNA damage, while pyridoxamine manifested greatest protection against ROS-mediated damage. Thiamin (B1) decreased LPO, mitochondrial and protein damage and DNA oxidation. Together, these results indicate that added B1 and B6 vitamins protect against the multiple targets of iron-catalyzed oxidative damage in hepatocytes. This study provides insight into the search for multi-targeted natural therapies to slow or retard the progression of diseases associated with Fenton-mediated oxidative damage. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
A GUIDE TO OBESITY AND THE METABOLIC SYNDROME, ORIGINS AND TREATMENT; In the historical record there is abundant evidence that obesity was a medical and health concern as long as medicine has been practiced. The idea of diet and exercise are bulwarks in the fight against obesity in history from the time of Hippocrates to the 16th century-a span of 2, 000 years. However, our scientific understanding of this problem is © 2011 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Dietary hyperglycemia, glycemic index and metabolic retinal diseases; The glycemic index (GI) indicates how fast blood glucose is raised after consuming a carbohydrate-containing food. Human metabolic studies indicate that GI is related to patho-physiological responses after meals. Compared with a low-GI meal, a high-GI meal is characterized with hyperglycemia during the early postprandial stage (0-2. h) and a compensatory hyperlipidemia associated with counter-regulatory hormone responses during late postprandial stage (4-6. h). Over the past three decades, several human health disorders have been related to GI. The strongest relationship suggests that consuming low-GI foods prevents diabetic complications. Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a complication of diabetes. In this aspect, GI appears to be useful as a practical guideline to help diabetic people choose foods. Abundant epidemiological evidence also indicates positive associations between GI and risk for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and more recently, age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in people without diabetes. Although data from randomized controlled intervention trials are scanty, these observations are strongly supported by evolving molecular mechanisms which explain the pathogenesis of hyperglycemia. This wide range of evidence implies that dietary hyperglycemia is etiologically related to human aging and diseases, including DR and AMD. In this context, these diseases can be considered as metabolic retinal diseases.Molecular theories that explain hyperglycemic pathogenesis involve a mitochondria-associated pathway and four glycolysis-associated pathways, including advanced glycation end products formation, protein kinase C activation, polyol pathway, and hexosamine pathway. While the four glycolysis-associated pathways appear to be universal for both normoxic and hypoxic conditions, the mitochondria-associated mechanism appears to be most relevant to the hyperglycemic, normoxic pathogenesis. For diseases that affect tissues with highly active metabolism and that frequently face challenge from low oxygen tension, such as retina in which metabolism is determined by both glucose and oxygen homeostases, these theories appear to be insufficient. Several lines of evidence indicate that the retina is particularly vulnerable when hypoxia coincides with hyperglycemia. We propose a novel hyperglycemic, hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) pathway, to complement the current theories regarding hyperglycemic pathogenesis. HIF is a transcription complex that responds to decrease oxygen in the cellular environment. In addition to playing a significant role in the regulation of glucose metabolism, under hyperglycemia HIF has been shown to increase the expression of HIF-inducible genes, such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) leading to angiogenesis. To this extent, we suggest that HIF can also be described as a hyperglycemia-inducible factor.In summary, while management of dietary GI appears to be an effective intervention for the prevention of metabolic diseases, specifically AMD and DR, more interventional data is needed to evaluate the efficacy of GI management. There is an urgent need to develop reliable biomarkers of exposure, surrogate endpoints, as well as susceptibility for GI. These insights would also be helpful in deciphering the detailed hyperglycemia-related biochemical mechanisms for the development of new therapeutic agents. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Intergenerational transmission of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes; Studies in women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and their children suggest that the in utero 'diabetic' environment in which the fetus develops can increase the risk of diabetes in the child, in a non-genetic but heritable fashion. Studies in rodents provide strong evidence for maternal transmission of diabetes, but are based primarily on a model type 1 DM and there is no standard animal model of type 2 DM in pregnancy or of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), although those reported uniformly show glucose intolerance in the offspring. Rodent models of diet-induced obesity have relevance to current upward trends in maternal obesity and GDM, although maternal glucose homeostasis is not always assessed and elements of the diet may have an independent influence. The mechanisms by which maternal type 2DM evokes a higher risk of the disorder in the offspring are likely to result from epigenetic modification in early life of pathways of pancreatic β cells and of liver and muscle insulin signalling pathways. Also, epigenetic processes associated with hormonal imbalance may lead to irreversible 'reordering' of hypothalamic neural networks in fetal/neonatal life, permanently alter energy balance and lead to obesity with associated insulin resistance. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Dietary fat impacts fetal growth and metabolism: Uptake of chylomicron remnant core lipids by the placenta; The fetus requires significant energy for growth and development. Although glucose is a major source of energy for the fetus, other maternal nutrients also appear to promote growth. Thus, the goal of these studies was to determine whether triglyceride-rich remnants are taken up by the placenta and whether maternal dietary lipids, independently of adiposity, can impact fetal growth. To accomplish our first goal, chylomicron particles were duallly labeled with cholesteryl ester and triglycerides. The placenta took up remnant particles/core lipids at rates greater than adipose tissue and skeletal muscle but less than the liver. Although the placenta expresses apoE receptors, uptake of chylomicron remnants and/or core lipids can occur independently of apoE. To determine the impact of dietary lipid on fetal growth, independent of maternal adiposity, females were fed high-fat diets (HFD) for 1 mo; there was no change in adiposity or leptin levels prior to or during pregnancy of dams fed HFD. Fetal masses were greater in dams fed HFD, and mRNA levels of proteins involved in fatty acid oxidation (CPT I, PPARα), but not glucose oxidation (pyruvate kinase) or other regulatory processes (HNF-4α, LXR), were increased with maternal dietary fat. There was also no change in mRNA levels of proteins involved in placental glucose and fatty acid transport, and GLUT1 protein levels in microvillous membranes were similar in placentas of dams fed either diet. Thus, the ability of the placenta to take up chylomicron remnant core lipids likely contributes to accelerated fetal growth in females fed high fat diets. © 2011 the American Physiological Society.
Metformin - more than 'gold standard' in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus; The primary aim of type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment is to achieve and maintain good glycemic control, and to minimize the mortality and risk of microvascular and macrovascular complications. Current algorithms for medical management of type 2 diabetes mellitus recommend a combination of lifestyle intervention and metformin as initial therapy and 'gold standard' treatment. Numerous studies suggest positive antihyperglycemic and metabolic effects of metformin, with a wide safety profile. There is an increasing evidence for the potential efficacy of this drug in other diseases such as polycystic ovary syndrome, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, HIV lipodystrophy, and neoplasms.
The maternal womb: A novel target for cancer prevention in the era of the obesity pandemic?; The dramatic rise in worldwide prevalence of obesity has necessitated the search for more efficacious antiobesity strategies to counter the increased cancer risks in overweight and obese individuals. The mechanistic pathways linking obesity status with adult chronic diseases such as cancer remain incompletely understood. A growing body of evidence suggests that novel approaches and interventional agents to disrupt the feed-forward cycle of maternal to offspring obesity transfer that is initiated in utero will be important for stemming both the obesity pandemic and the associated increase in cancer incidence. The convergence of multiple research areas including those encompassing the insulin and insulin-like growth factor systems, epigenetics, and stem cell biology is providing insights into the potential for cancer prevention in adult offspring previously exposed to the intrauterine environment of overweight/obese mothers. Here, we review the current state of this nascent research field, with a focus on three major cancers, namely breast, colorectal, and liver, and suggest some possible future directions to optimize its impact for the health of future generations. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
The evaluation and management of childhood type 2 diabetes mellitus; Diabetes in children is increasing in prevalence with obesity-associated insulin resistance being a major contributing factor. This report contains a comprehensive review of treatment paradigms regarding the management of diabetes in children. The information provided was collected from an extensive literature review on type 2 diabetes, and children and/or adolescents with diabetes and/or obesity treatment. There is a wide array of contributing factors to the development of diabetes and consequences that indicate the need to tailor treatment plans with reducing obesity as a primary outcome. Lipocentric treatment paradigms offer opportunity to reduce the impact of obesity. © 2011 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Meta-analysis of cardiovascular disease risk markers in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: The relation between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains unclear. In an attempt to provide high-quality evidence on the relation between PCOS and CVD, relevant literature for CVD risk markers [C-reactive protein (CRP), homocysteine (Hcy), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)], advanced glycation end-products (AGEs), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), interleukin-6 (IL-6), asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), endothelin-1 (ET-1) and fibrinogen] in women with PCOS was reviewed and analyzed. Methods: A systematic search was conducted electronically using specific eligibility criteria. Weighted mean differences (WMDs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs)were calculated and combined appropriately. To ensure synthesisof the best available evidence, sensitivity analyseswere performed. Results: Atotal of 130 data setswere included in 11 different outcomes, involving 7174 and 5076CVDmarkers inwomen with PCOSand controls, respectively. Women with PCOS demonstrated significantly elevated CRP [WMD(95% CI) 0.99 (0.77-1.21)], Hcy [2.25 (1.46-3.03)], PAI-1 antigen [16.96 (7.25-26.28)], PAI-1 activity [0.71 (0.18-1.23)], VEGF [1.72 (0.96-2.48)],ADMA[0.19 (0.08-0.3)], AGEs [3.91 (2.36-5.45)] and Lp(a) [0.81 (0.58-1.04)] concentrations compared with controls, yet with significant between-study heterogeneity. Borderline significance (not robust in the sensitivity analyses) was detected for TNF-a [0.75 (0.07-1.44)], ET-1 [1.06 (0.52-1.59)] and fibrinogen [0.20 (0.01-0.39)], whereas no difference was detected for IL-6 [0.71 (20.16 to 1.59)]. Conclusions:Womenwith PCOS have increased serumconcentrationsof CVDrisk markers compared with controls. Whether this apparent risk is translated into increased incidence of CVD in later life remains to be elucidated. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Relations of adiponectin to levels of metabolic parameters and sexual hormones in elderly type 2 diabetic patients; Background: Despite the effective role of adiponectin levels in the predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus, the potential impact of adiponectin in manifest type 2 diabetes is less studied. Objectives: This study aimed to determine gender-specific differences regarding the relationship between adiponectin levels and metabolic parameters as well as sex hormones in elderly type 2 diabetics. Methods: Sixty-two elderly type 2 diabetic men (mean age 60 [9] years) and 38 postmenopausal type 2 diabetic women (mean age 64 [9] years) were evaluated in a cross-sectional study. Glycemic control, lipids, sex hormones, adiponectin, and anthropometric parameters were measured in all participants. Results: Serum adiponectin was higher in women than in men (P < 0.006). After controlling for age and body mass index, adiponectin concentrations showed a positive correlation with sex hormone-binding globulin and high-density lipoprotein levels (P < 0.001) and a negative correlation with glycated hemoglobin, homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistance, glucose, C-peptide, and triglyceride levels (P < 0.05) in all patients. In men, adiponectin significantly correlated with serum levels of testosterone (r = 0.420; P < 0.002). In women, negative correlations were observed between adiponectin levels and the fatty liver index (r = -0.492; P < 0.006) and γ-glutamyltransferase (r = -0.432; P < 0.01). Conclusions: High serum adiponectin is a feature of better metabolic control and lipid profile, whereas low adiponectin levels are associated with fatty liver disease in women and low testosterone levels in men with type 2 diabetes. © 2011 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc.
Maternal obesity and infant outcomes; Obesity (Body mass index (BMI) above 30) is one of the major health issues of the 21st century. Over 1.1. billion of the world's population are now classified as obese. In the UK, women are more likely to be obese than men; over 50% of women of reproductive age are overweight or obese. Maternal obesity and the plethora of associated conditions, have a serious impact on the health and development of their offspring. In this review we describe the direct and indirect impact of maternal obesity on the health of the baby. Maternal obesity affects conception, duration and outcome of pregnancy. Offspring are at increased risk of both immediate and long term implications for health. We also briefly review potential mechanisms drawing on data from human and animal studies, and on the outcomes of clinical interventional studies. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Menin prevents liver steatosis through co-activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha; Fatty liver is strongly associated with metabolic syndrome. Here, we show that the impaired hepatic expression of menin, the product of the MEN1 (multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1) tumor suppressor gene, represents a common feature of several fatty liver mouse models. The liver specific ablation of MEN1 gene expression in healthy mice induced hepatic steatosis under high-fat dietary conditions. Moreover, overexpression of menin in livers of steatotic db/db mice reduced liver triglyceride accumulation. At the molecular level, we found that menin acts synergistically with the nuclear receptor PPARα to control gene expression of fatty acid oxidation. Collectively, these data suggest a crucial role for menin as an integrator of the complex transcriptional network controlling hepatic steatosis. © 2011 Federation of European Biochemical Societies. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
PPARα agonists regulate lipid metabolism and nitric oxide production and prevent placental overgrowth in term placentas from diabetic rats; Maternal diabetes impairs fetoplacental metabolism and growth. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor a (PPARα) is a nuclear receptor capable of regulating lipid metabolism and inflammatory pathways. In this study, we analyzed whether placental and fetal PPARα activation regulates lipid metabolism and nitric oxide (NO) production in term placentas from diabetic rats. Diabetes was induced by neonatal streptozotocin administration. On day 21 of pregnancy, placentas from control and diabetic rats were cultured in the presence of PPARα agonists (clofibrate and leukotriene B4 (LTB4)) for further evaluation of levels, synthesis, and peroxidation of lipids as well as NO production. Besides, on days 19, 20, and 21 of gestation, fetuses were injected with LTB4, and the placentas were explanted on day 21 of gestation for evaluation of placental weight and concentrations of placental lipids, lipoperoxides, and NO metabolites. We found that placentas from diabetic rats showed reduced PPARα concentrations. They presented no lipid overaccumulation but reduced lipid synthesis, parameters negatively regulated by PPARα activators. Lipid peroxidation and NO production, increased in placentas from diabetic rats, were negatively regulated by PPARα activators. Fetal PPARα activation in diabetic rats does not change placental lipid concentrations but reduced placental weight and NO production. In conclusion, PPARα activators regulate lipid metabolism and NO production in term placentas from diabetic rats, an activation that regulates placental growth and can partly be exerted by the developing fetus. © 2011 Society for Endocrinology.
The impact of sex, gender and pregnancy on 2009 H1N1 disease; Children and young adults of reproductive age have emerged as groups that are highly vulnerable to the current 2009 H1N1 pandemic. The sex of an individual is a fundamental factor that can influence exposure, susceptibility and immune responses to influenza. Worldwide, the incidence, disease burden, morbidity and mortality rates following exposure to the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus differ between males and females and are often age-dependent. Pregnancy and differences in the presentation of various risk factors contribute to the worse outcome of infection in women. Vaccination and antiviral treatment efficacy also vary in a sex-dependent manner. Finally, sex-specific genetic and hormonal differences may contribute to the severity of influenza and the clearance of viral infection. The contribution of sex and gender to influenza can only be determined by a greater consideration of these factors in clinical and epidemiological studies and increased research into the biological basis underlying these differences. © 2010 Klein et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Circulating FGF21 levels are progressively increased from the early to end stages of chronic kidney diseases and are associated with renal function in Chinese; Background: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a hepatic hormone involved in the regulation of lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. This study aims to test the hypothesis that elevated FGF21 concentrations are associated with the change of renal function and the presence of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in the different stages of chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression. Methodology/Principal Findings: 240 subjects including 200 CKD patients (146 outpatients and 54 long-term hemodialytic patients) and 40 healthy control subjects were recruited. All CKD subjects underwent echocardiograms to assess left ventricular mass index. Plasma FGF21 levels and other clinical and biochemical parameters in all subjects were obtained based on standard clinical examination methods. Plasma FGF21 levels were significantly increased with the development of CKD from early- and end-stage (P<0.001 for trend), and significantly higher in CKD subjects than those in healthy subjects (P<0.001). Plasma FGF21 levels in CKD patients with LVH were higher than those in patients without LVH (P = 0.001). Furthermore, plasma FGF21 level correlated positively with creatinine, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), β2 microglobulin, systolic pressure, adiponectin, phosphate, proteinuria, CRP and triglyceride, but negatively with creatinine clearance rate (CCR), estimated glomerular filtrate rate (eGFR), HDL-c, LDL-c, albumin and LVH after adjusting for BMI, gender, age and the presence of diabetes mellitus. Multiple stepwise regression analyses indicated that FGF21 was independently associated with BUN, Phosphate, LVMI and β2 microglobulin (all P<0.05). Conclusion: Plasma FGF21 levels are significantly increased with the development of early- to end-stage CKD and are independently associated with renal function and adverse lipid profiles in Chinese population. Understanding whether increased FGF21 is associated with myocardial hypertrophy in CKD requires further study. © 2011 Lin et al.
Translation and implementation of added sugars consumption recommendations a conference report from the american heart association added sugars Conference 2010; Background-A 2-day forum was convened to (1) discuss ways to translate the 2009 American Heart Association added sugars recommendations into actions in areas such as regulation, food labeling, nutrient content claims, and practical application in the American diet; (2) review surveillance methodology and metrics for tracking and understanding the impact of reducing added sugars in the diet; and (3) initiate the development of a framework for future collaboration to help Americans implement science-based guidance relative to added sugars. Methods and results-More than 100 multinational participants representing scientists from academia and government and stakeholders engaged in food production, development, and processing, food manufacturing and servicing, food and nutrition policy, and nutrition recommendations for the public attended the conference. Presentations included definitions and examples of added sugars, current US and international added sugars perspectives, added sugars in diets of individuals and in the food supply, food technology behind added sugars, added sugars and health, food manufacturer perspectives, added sugars food-labeling considerations, and examples of positive approaches to improve eating behaviors and the food environment. Facilitated breakout sessions were conducted after the plenary sessions to allow participants to contribute their expertise and thoughts. Conclusion-The American Heart Association Added Sugars Conference is the first step in an important process that facilitates collaboration across science, public health, and industry to foster innovation, partnerships, policy, and implementation of new products and services for the benefit of the health and well-being of the American public. Science has advanced in the area of added sugars and health, creating mounting pressure to use better methods for translation and dissemination of the science for consumer education and for food companies to respond by producing foods and beverages with fewer added sugars. The new science also reinforces the importance of preventing, rather than simply treating diseases, especially overweight and obesity, diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, heart disease, and stroke. Reducing added sugars consumption is a good target for addressing obesity, along with other sources of excess calories. However, the potential unintended consequences of substituting added sugars with ingredients that may not reduce calories and of increasing other macronutrients or food groups that may not result in a net health gain must be considered. Although there are many challenges to incorporating added sugars to the food label as was discussed during the conference, disclosure of added sugars content on food and beverage labels is an essential element in consumer education and can provide the information and motivation for making healthier food choices. This conference demonstrated the value of interactive dialogue among multiple sectors and disciplines. More disciplines should be at the table to bring expertise to discuss cross-cutting issues related to public policies and offer diverse insights to finding a solution. © 2010 American Heart Association, Inc.
Postpartum changes in maternal and infant erythrocyte fatty acids are likely to be driven by restoring insulin sensitivity and DHA status; Introduction: Perinatal changes in maternal glucose and lipid fluxes and de novo lipogenesis (DNL) are driven by hormones and nutrients. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) reduces, whereas insulin augments, nuclear abundance of sterol-regulatory-element-binding-protein-1 (SREBP-1), which promotes DNL, stearoyl-CoA-desaturase (SCD, also Δ9-desaturase), fatty acid-(FA)-elongation (Elovl) and FA-desaturation (FADS). Decreasing maternal insulin sensitivity with advancing gestation and compensatory hyperinsulinemia cause augmented postprandial glucose levels, adipose tissue lipolysis and hepatic glucose- and VLDL-production. Hepatic VLDL is composed of dietary, body store and DNL derived FA. Decreasing insulin sensitivity increases the contribution of FA from hepatic-DNL in VLDL-triacylglycerols, and consequently saturated-FA and monounsaturated-FA (MUFA) in maternal serum lipids increase during pregnancy. Although other authors described changes in maternal serum and RBC essential-FA (EFA) after delivery, none went into detail about the changes in non-EFA and the mechanisms behind -and/or functions of- the observed changes. Hypothesis: Postpartum FA-changes. result from changing enzymatic activities that are influenced by the changing hormonal milieu after delivery and DHA-status. Empirical data: We studied FA-profiles and FA-ratios (as indices for enzymatic activities) of maternal and infant RBC at delivery and after 3. months exclusive breastfeeding in three populations with increasing freshwater-fish intakes. DNL-, SCD- and FADS2-activities decreased after delivery. Elongation-6 (Elovl-6)- and FADS1-activities increased. The most pronounced postpartum changes for mothers were increases in 18:0, linoleic (LA), arachidonic acid (AA) and decreases in 16:0, 18:1ω9 and DHA; and for infants increases in 18:1ω9, 22:5ω3, LA and decreases in 16:0 and AA. Changes were in line with the literature. Discussion: Postpartum increases in 18:0, and decreases in 16:0 and 18:1ω9, might derive from reduced insulin-promoted DNL-activity, with more reduced SCD- than Elovl-activity that leaves more 16:0 to be converted to 18:0 (Elovl-activity) than to MUFA (SCD-activity). Postpartum changes in ΣDNL, saturated-FA and MUFA related negatively to RBC-DHA. This concurs with suppression of both SCD- and Elovl-6 activities by DHA, through its influence on SREBP. Infant MUFA and LA increased at expense of their mothers. Sustained transport might be important for myelination (MUFA) and skin barrier development (LA). Maternal postpartum decreases in FADS2-, and apparent increases in FADS1-activity, together with increases in LA, AA, and 22:5ω3, but decrease in DHA, confirm that FADS2 is rate limiting in EFA-desaturation. Maternal LA and AA increases might be the result of rerouting from transplacental transfer to the incorporation into milk lipids and discontinued placental AA-utilization. Implications: Perinatal changes in maternal and infant FA status may be strongly driven by changing insulin sensitivity and DHA status. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Impact of maternal obesity on offspring obesity and cardiometabolic disease risk; The prevalence of obesity among pregnant women is increasing. In addition to the short-term complications of obesity during pregnancy in both mother and child, it is now recognised that maternal obesity has long-term adverse outcomes for the health of her offspring in later life. Evidence from both animal and human studies indicates that maternal obesity increases the risk for the offspring in developing obesity and altering body composition in child- and adulthood and, additionally, it also has an impact on the offspring's cardiometabolic health with dysregulation of metabolism including glucose/insulin homoeostasis, and development of hypertension and vascular dysfunction. Potential mechanisms include effects on the development and function of adipose tissue, pancreas, muscle, liver, the vasculature and the brain. Further studies are required to elucidate the mechanisms underpinning the programming of disease risk in the offspring as a consequence of maternal obesity. The ultimate aim is to identify potential targets, which may be amenable to prevention or early intervention in order to improve the health of this and future generations. © 2010 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
AMPK as target for intervention in childhood and adolescent obesity; Childhood obesity is a major worldwide health problem. Intervention programs to ameliorate the rate of obesity have been designed and implemented; yet the epidemic has no end near in sight. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) has become one of the most important key elements in energy control, appetite regulation, myogenesis, adipocyte differentiation, and cellular stress management. Obesity is a multifactorial disease, which has a very strong genetic component, especially epigenetic factors. The intrauterine milieu has a determinant impact on adult life, since the measures taken for survival are kept throughout life thanks to epigenetic modification. Nutrigenomics studies the influence of certain food molecules on the metabolome profile, raising the question of an individualized obesity therapy according to metabolic (and probably) genetic features. Metformin, an insulin sensitizing agent, its known to lower insulin resistance and enhance metabolic profile, with an additional weight reduction capacity, via activation of AMPK. Exercise is coadjutant for lifestyle modifications, which also activates AMPK in several ways contributing to glucose and fat oxidation. The following review examines AMPK's role in obesity, applying its use as a tool for childhood and adolescent obesity. © 2011 Joselyn Rojas et al.
Fibroblast growth factor 21: Effects on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in health and disease; Purpose of Review: The review summarizes recent findings examining the effects of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 21 on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism with emphasis on publications from 2010. Recent Findings: FGF21 is considered to be a metabolic hormone rather than a traditional growth factor. Recent studies identified the important role of FGF21 in regulation of energy balance. Thus, the protein regulates hepatic metabolism and improves insulin sensitivity. Furthermore, central FGF21 action in the brain increases energy expenditure and insulin sensitivity in rodents. Interestingly, FGF21 expression is elevated in the adaptive response to fasting but also regulated by feeding-induced mechanisms. Moreover, FGF21 levels are elevated in obese animals and positively correlate with BMI in humans suggesting obesity as a FGF21-resistant state. Summary: FGF21 is a metabolic hormone that is regulated by nutritional status and influences glucose and lipid metabolism by central and peripheral mechanisms. Future research is needed to expand our understanding of the diagnostic and therapeutic relevance of FGF21-dependent pathways in humans. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A better index of body adiposity; Obesity is a growing problem in the United States and throughout the world. It is a risk factor for many chronic diseases. The BMI has been used to assess body fat for almost 200 years. BMI is known to be of limited accuracy, and is different for males and females with similar %body adiposity. Here, we define an alternative parameter, the body adiposity index (BAI = ((hip circumference)/((height) 1.5)-18)). The BAI can be used to reflect %body fat for adult men and women of differing ethnicities without numerical correction. We used a population study, the BetaGene study, to develop the new index of body adiposity. %Body fat, as measured by the dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), was used as a gold standard for validation. Hip circumference (R = 0.602) and height (R = 0.524) are strongly correlated with %body fat and therefore chosen as principal anthropometric measures on which we base BAI. The BAI measure was validated in the Triglyceride and Cardiovascular Risk in African-Americans (TARA) study of African Americans. Correlation between DXA-derived %adiposity and the BAI was R = 0.85 for TARA with a concordance of Cb = 0.95. BAI can be measured without weighing, which may render it useful in settings where measuring accurate body weight is problematic. In summary, we have defined a new parameter, the BAI, which can be calculated from hip circumference and height only. It can be used in the clinical setting even in remote locations with very limited access to reliable scales. The BAI estimates %adiposity directly. © 2011 The Obesity Society.
Nampt and its potential role in inflammation and type 2 diabetes; Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (Nampt) is a key nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) biosynthetic enzyme in mammals, converting nicotinamide into nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN), an NAD intermediate. First identified in humans as a cytokine pre-B-cell colony enhancing factor (PBEF) and subsequently described as an insulin-mimetic hormone visfatin, Nampt has recently excited the scientific interest of researchers from diverse fields, including NAD biology, metabolic regulation, and inflammation. As an NAD biosynthetic enzyme, Nampt regulates the activity of NAD-consuming enzymes such as sirtuins and influences a variety of metabolic and stress responses. Nampt plays an important role in the regulation of insulin secretion in pancreatic β-cells. Nampt also functions as an immunomodulatory cytokine and is involved in the regulation of inflammatory responses. This chapter summarizes the various functional aspects of Nampt and discusses its potential roles in diseases, with special focus on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Osteocalcin: A new link between bone and energy metabolism. Some evolutionary clues; Purpose of Review: Recent findings suggest that the bone is an active regulator of energy and glucose metabolism. The purpose of this review is to summarize current evidence in humans. Recent Findings: Both cross-sectional and longitudinal studies support osteocalcin as an active regulator of carbohydrate metabolism in humans, being the muscular load of physical activity one of the possible links between the osteoblast and the insulin axis. This axis could also have been involved in the modulation of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. The osteoblast-to-insulin axis seems to act paradoxically in patients with increased growth hormone (acromegaly) and during bone repair. Some possible evolutionary implications are suggested. Summary: Osteocalcin may have a role in the regulation of systemic energy metabolism, given the common origin of the osteoblast with the two other cells implicated (adipocytes and muscle cells). Bioactivity of circulating human carboxylated and uncarboxylated osteocalcin should be characterized in depth, especially in those patients with increased concentrations (renal failure). Osteocalcin is one of the clues in the interaction between calcium and glucose metabolism, and the discovery of the osteocalcin receptor will aid in the study of these relationships. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Hypercholesterolaemia, signs of islet microangiopathy and altered angiogenesis precede onset of type 2 diabetes in the Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat; Aims/hypothesis The adult non-obese Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat model of type 2 diabetes, particularly females, carries in addition to hyperglycaemia a genetic predisposition towards dyslipidaemia, including hypercholesterolaemia. As cholesterol-induced atherosclerosis may be programmed in utero, we looked for signs of perinatal lipid alterations and islet microangiopathy. We hypothesise that such alterations contribute towards defective pancreas/islet vascularisation that might, in turn, lead to decreased beta cell mass. Accordingly, we also evaluated islet inflammation and endothelial activation in both prediabetic and diabetic animals. Methods Blood, liver and pancreas were collected from embryonic day (E)21 fetuses, 7-day-old prediabetic neonates and 2.5-month-old diabetic GK rats and Wistar controls for analysis/quantification of: (1) systemic variables, particularly lipids; (2) cholesterol-linked hepatic enzyme mRNA expression and/or activity; (3) pancreas (fetuses) or collagenaseisolated islet (neonates/adults) gene expression using Oligo GEArray microarrays targeted at rat endothelium, cardiovascular disease biomarkers and angiogenesis, and/or RT-PCR; and (4) pancreas endothelial immunochemistry: nestin (fetuses) or von Willebrand factor (neonates). Results Systemic and hepatic cholesterol anomalies already exist in GK fetuses and neonates. Hyperglycaemic GK fetuses exhibit a similar percentage decrease in total pancreas and islet vascularisation and beta cell mass. Normoglycaemic GK neonates show systemic inflammation, signs of islet premicroangiopathy, disturbed angiogenesis, collapsed vascularisation and altered pancreas development. Concomitantly, GK neonates exhibit elevated defence mechanisms. Conclusions/interpretation These data suggest an autoinflammatory disease, triggered by in utero programming of cholesterol-induced islet microangiopathy interacting with chronic hyperglycaemia in GK rats. During the perinatal period, GK rats show also a marked deficient islet vascularisation in conjunction with decreased beta cell mass. © Springer-Verlag 2011.
Implication of low level inflammation in the insulin resistance of adipose tissue at late pregnancy; Insulin resistance is a characteristic of late pregnancy, and adipose tissue is one of the tissues that most actively contributes to the reduced maternal insulin sensitivity. There is evidence that pregnancy is a condition of moderate inflammation, although the physiological role of this low-grade inflammation remains unclear. The present study was designed to validate whether low-grade inflammation plays a role in the development of insulin resistance in adipose tissue during late pregnancy. To this end, we analyzed proinflammatory adipokines and kinases in lumbar adipose tissue of nonpregnant and late pregnant rats at d 18 and 20 of gestation.Wefound that circulating and tissue levels of adipokines, such as IL-1β, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and TNF-α, were increased at late pregnancy, which correlated with insulin resistance. The observed increase in adipokines coincided with an enhanced activation of p38 MAPK in adipose tissue. Treatment of pregnant rats with the p38 MAPK inhibitor SB 202190 increased insulin-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of the insulin receptor (IR) and IR substrate-1 in adipose tissue, which was paralleled by a reduction of IR substrate-1 serine phosphorylation and an enhancement of the metabolic actions of insulin. These results indicate that activation of p38 MAPK in adipose tissue contributes to adipose tissue insulin resistance at late pregnancy. Furthermore, the results of the present study support the hypothesis that physiological low-grade inflammation in the maternal organism is relevant to the development of pregnancy-associated insulin resistance. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society.
Insulin resistance is not associated with myocardial steatosis in women; Aims/hypothesis: Insulin resistance, an independent risk-factor for cardiovascular disease, precedes type 2 diabetes and is associated with ectopic lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle and liver. Recent evidence indicates that cardiac steatosis plays a central role in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy. However, it is not known whether insulin resistance as such in the absence of type 2 diabetes is associated with heart steatosis and/or impaired function. We therefore assessed myocardial steatosis and myocardial function in a sample of women with normal insulin sensitivity, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Magnetic resonance imaging and localised spectroscopy were used to measure left ventricular dynamic variables and myocardial lipid accumulation in interventricular septum of non-diabetic, age- and BMI-matched insulin-sensitive (n = 11, 47 ± 6 years, BMI 25 ± 2 kg/m2; clamp-like index [CLIX] = 9.7 ± 0.7) and insulin-resistant (n = 10, 48 ± 5 years, 27 ± 4 kg/m2; CLIX = 4.5 ± 0.4) women with normal glucose tolerance as well as of women with IGT (n = 6, 45 ± 5 years, 28 ± 6 kg/m2; CLIX = 3.6 ± 1.1) and type 2 diabetes (n = 7, 52 ± 10 years, 27 ± 3 kg/m2). Results: Myocardial lipid content was increased in type 2 diabetic women only (insulin-sensitive 0.4 ± 0.2% [means ± SD]; insulin-resistant 0.4 ± 0.1%; IGT 0.5 ± 0.2%; type 2 diabetes 0.7 ± 0.3%; p < 0.05). In insulin-resistant and type 2 diabetic women, stroke volume was lower (-15% and -27%, respectively, vs insulin-sensitive) and heart rate was higher (11% and 14%, respectively, vs insulin-sensitive, p < 0.05). No other differences in systolic and diastolic function were observed between study groups. Conclusions/interpretation: In contrast to liver and skeletal muscle, insulin resistance as such is not associated with increased myocardial lipid accumulation. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Maternal obesity and fetal metabolic programming: A fertile epigenetic soil; The incidence of obesity and overweight has reached epidemic levels in the United States and developed countries worldwide. Even more alarming is the increasing prevalence of metabolic diseases in younger children and adolescents. Infants born to obese, overweight, and diabetic mothers (even when normal weight) have increased adiposity and are at increased risk of later metabolic disease. In addition to maternal glucose, hyperlipidemia and inflammation may contribute to the childhood obesity epidemic through fetal metabolic programming, the mechanisms of which are not well understood. Pregravid obesity, when combined with normal changes in maternal metabolism, may magnify increases in inflammation and blood lipids, which can have profound effects on the developing embryo and the fetus in utero. Fetal exposure to excess blood lipids, particularly saturated fatty acids, can activate proinflammatory pathways, which could impact substrate metabolism and mitochondrial function, as well as stem cell fate, all of which affect organ development and the response to the postnatal environment. Fetal and neonatal life are characterized by tremendous plasticity and the ability to respond to environmental factors (nutrients, oxygen, hormones) by altering gene expression levels via epigenetic modifications. Given that lipids act as both transcriptional activators and signaling molecules, excess fetal lipid exposure may regulate genes involved in lipid sensing and metabolism through epigenetic mechanisms. Epigenetic regulation of gene expression is characterized by covalent modifications to DNA and chromatin that alter gene expression independent of gene sequence. Epigenetic modifications can be maintained through positive and negative feedback loops, thereby creating stable changes in the expression of metabolic genes and their main transcriptional regulators. The purpose of this article is to review current literature on maternal-fetal lipid metabolism and maternal obesity outcomes and to suggest some potential mechanisms for fetal metabolic programming in key organ systems that regulate postnatal energy balance, with an emphasis on epigenetics and the intrauterine environment. Copyright © 2010 the American Physiological Society.
Pathways linking the early environment to long-term health and lifespan; The intrauterine environment is a major contributor to normal physiological growth and development of an individual. Disturbances at this critical time can affect the long-term health of the offspring. Low birth weight individuals have strong correlations with increased susceptibility to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later-life. These observations led to the Thrifty Phenotype Hypothesis which suggested that these associations arose because of the response of a growing fetus to a suboptimal environment such as poor nutrition. Animal models have shown that environmentally induced intrauterine growth restriction increases the risk of a variety of diseases later in life. These detrimental features are also observed in high birth weight offspring from mothers who were obese or consumed a high fat diet during gestation. Recent advances in our understanding of the mechanisms underlying this phenomenon have elucidated several potential candidates for the long-term effects of the early environment on the function and metabolism of a cell. These include: (1) Epigenetic alterations (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications), which regulate specific gene expression and can be influenced by the environment, both during gestation and early postnatal life and (2) Oxidative stress that changes the balance between reactive oxygen species generation (e.g. through mitochondrial dysfunction) and antioxidant defense capacity. This has permanent effects on cellular ageing such as regulation of telomere length. Further understanding of these processes will help in the development of therapeutic strategies to increase healthspan and reduced the burden of age-associated diseases. © 2010.
Risk Factors for Type 2 and Gestational Diabetes; This chapter provides an overview of key risk factors for type 2 diabetes, beginning with metabolic risk factors, including those that are related directly to obesity, followed by discussions of overweight itself with consideration of the obesity epidemic; behavioral risk factors; early-life risk factors; demographic, social, and community factors; and a discussion of risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Type 2 diabetes is a complex disease, driven by a multitude of genetic, environmental, and behavioral factors, which is rapidly emerging as one of the most critical public health threats of our time. There is, however, reason for optimism with a dose of realism. Opportunities for primary prevention derive from the clear and compelling evidence that sustained, moderate weight loss can markedly reduce the risk of development of type 2 diabetes. © 2011 by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Plasma levels of resistin-like molecule beta in humans; Background: Resistin-like molecules (RELM) are expressed in many tissues and among those, RELMβ is most abundantly expressed in the colon. Based on animal studies, RELMβ is induced by high fat diets, obesity, and intestinal microflora and may play a role in insulin resistance and intestinal inflammation. In the present study, we evaluated whether RELMβ could be measured in human plasma and the influence of selected host and behavioral factors on RELMβ levels, including known risk factors for colorectal cancer. Methods: The subjects for this pilot study were derived from healthy controls who participated in a population-based case-control study of colorectal cancer in Metropolitan Detroit. The subjects were 45-80 years of age without history of cancer or colorectal resection. Results: RELMβ was present in human plasma, with levels in the range of 0.08-0.26. ng/mL. Lower RELMβ levels were found in subjects with non-Caucasian race, lower pack-years of smoking, and higher physical activity index scores. Other variables such as dietary intakes, gender, obesity, use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents and history of polyps were not associated with RELMβ levels. Conclusions: The direct association of RELMβ with smoking and inverse association with physical activity, both of which are risk factors for colon cancer, indicates that RELMβ may be involved in mediating the effects of these two lifestyle factors on risk of colon cancer. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Taxation as prevention and as a treatment for obesity: The case of sugar-sweetened beverages; The contemporary American food environment makes energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods and beverages the "default" option for most consumers. Economic interventions like taxes can shift the relative prices of unhealthy foods to nudge consumers towards healthier options. Beverages with added sugar are a good starting point for food taxation; they constitute over 10 percent of caloric intake nationwide and provide little or no nutritional value. Current levels of taxation on sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) are too low to affect consumer behavior, but the implementation of a penny-per-ounce excise tax could lead to substantial public health benefits. Current estimates predict that a tax that raised the cost of SSBs by 20 percent could lead to an average reduction of 3.8 pounds per year for adults, causing the prevalence of obesity to decline from 33 to 30 percent. SSB taxes would also generate considerable revenue for public health and obesity prevention programs. Although the beverage industry is fighting such taxes with massive lobbying and public relations campaigns, support for the policies is increasing, especially when revenue is earmarked for obesity prevention. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Maternal consumption of high-prebiotic fibre or -protein diets during pregnancy and lactation differentially influences satiety hormones and expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring in rats; Risk of developing the metabolic syndrome may be influenced by nutritional environment early in life. We examined the effects of high-fibre (HF) and high-protein (HP) diets consumed during pregnancy and lactation on satiety hormones and expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring. Wistar dams were fed a control (C), HF or HP diets during pregnancy and lactation. At parturition, litters were culled to ten pups. At 21d, all pups were weaned onto C diet. At 7, 14, 21, 28 and 35d after birth, blood was analysed for satiety hormones and tissues for mRNA expression in offspring. No differences were observed in litter size or birth weight. At 21d, offspring of HF dams had greater adjusted intestinal mass and lower liver weight than those of C but not of HP dams. Plasma glucose at 28d and amylin at 7, 14 and 28d were lower in HF v. C and HP offspring. Glucagon-like peptide-1 was higher in HP offspring than in HF offspring at 7d but was higher in HF v. C offspring at 21d. Offspring of HF dams had higher glucose transporter (GLUT2 and Na +-dependent glucose/galactose transporter) mRNA expression at 21d v. C and HP offspring. In brown adipose tissue, HF and HP up-regulated uncoupling protein-1 and PPAR- coactivator. HP was associated with increased resistin and IL-6 mRNA expression. The present study demonstrates that maternal diet composition differentially regulates circulating satiety hormones and genes involved in glucose transport and energy metabolism in offspring. These early changes could have long-term consequences for obesity risk. © 2010 The Authors.
The relationship between adipocyte fatty acid binding protein-4, retinol binding protein-4 levels and early diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes; Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein-4 (A-FABP4) and retinol binding protein-4 (RBP4) have recently been linked to type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). Serum A-FABP4 and RBP4 levels and their relationships with early diabetic nephropathy were examined in 87 type 2 diabetic patients. The patients with diabetic nephropathy showed high A-FABP4 levels compared to the patients without diabetic nephropathy (p=0.0001). Log A-FABP4 correlated positively with age (p=0.02), log duration of diabetes (p=0.04), log body mass index (BMI) (p=0.0001), log creatinine (p=0.007), log C-reactive protein (CRP) (p=0.01), log albumin excretion rate (AER) (p=0.001), and negatively with MDRD-GFR (p=0.0001). Serum RBP4 levels were similar between the patients with and without diabetic nephropathy. RBP4 correlated positively with triglycerides (p=0.001), log creatinine (p=0.009), and negatively with MDRD-GFR (p=0.04). In regression analysis, log A-FABP4 was associated with age, sex, log BMI, and log AER (r 2=0.43) and RBP4 was associated with triglycerides and log creatinine (r 2=0.22). In conclusion, we found high serum A-FABP4 but unchanged RBP4 concentrations and their associations with renal function and early diabetic nephropathy in type 2 DM. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Fetal origins of adult disease; Dr. David Barker first popularized the concept of fetal origins of adult disease (FOAD). Since its inception, FOAD has received considerable attention. The FOAD hypothesis holds that events during early development have a profound impact on one's risk for development of future adult disease. Low birth weight, a surrogate marker of poor fetal growth and nutrition, is linked to coronary artery disease, hypertension, obesity, and insulin resistance. Clues originally arose from large 20th century, European birth registries. Today, large, diverse human cohorts and various animal models have extensively replicated these original observations. This review focuses on the pathogenesis related to FOAD and examines Dr. David Barker's landmark studies, along with additional human and animal model data. Implications of the FOAD extend beyond the low birth weight population and include babies exposed to stress, both nutritional and nonnutritional, during different critical periods of development, which ultimately result in a disease state. By understanding FOAD, health care professionals and policy makers will make this issue a high health care priority and implement preventive measures and treatment for those at higher risk for chronic diseases. © 2011 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Obesity-associated hepatosteatosis and impairment of glucose homeostasis are attenuated by haptoglobin deficiency; OBJECTIVE-Haptoglobin (Hp) is upregulated in both inflammation and obesity. The low chronic inflammatory state, caused by massive adipose tissue macrophage (ATM) infiltration found in obesity, and low adiponectin have been implicated in the development of insulin resistance and hepatosteatosis. The aim of this work was to investigate whether and how Hp interferes with the onset of obesity-associated complications. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Hp-null (Hp -/-) and wild-type (WT) mice were metabolically profiled under chowfood diet (CFD) and high-fat diet (HFD) feeding by assessing physical parameters, glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, insulin response to glucose load, liver triglyceride content, plasma levels of leptin, insulin, glucose, and adiponectin. ATM content was evaluated by using immunohistochemistry (anti-F4/80 antibody). Adiponectin expression was measured in Hp-treated, cultured 3T3-L1 and human adipocytes. RESULTS-No genotype-related difference was found in CFD animals. HFD-Hp -/- mice revealed significantly higher glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, and adiponectin expression and reduced hepatomegaly/steatosis compared with HFD-WT mice. White adipose tissue (WAT) of HFD-Hp -/- mice showed higher activation of insulin signaling cascade, lower ATM, and higher adiponectin expression. Hp was able to inhibit adiponectin expression in cultured adipocytes. CONCLUSIONS-We demonstrated that in the absence of Hp, obesity-associated insulin resistance and hepatosteatosis are attenuated, which is associated with reduced ATM content, increased plasma adiponectin, and higher WAT insulin sensitivity. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association.
Diet strategies in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential components of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients also show a metabolic syndrome (MetS) which is associated with gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss which is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and few long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be endorsed. Low fat, high carbohydrate diets do not accomplish that. In contrast a low glycemic and insulinemic (LOGI) diet which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Ultrasonographic quantitative estimation of hepatic steatosis in children With NAFLD; Background and Aims: The diagnostic accuracy of hepatic ultrasonography (US) for detection and grading of hepatic steatosis in children with suspected nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) remains poorly characterized. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the clinical utility of ultrasonographic quantification of hepatic steatosis. Patients and Methods: Our cohort consisted of 208 consecutive pediatric patients with biopsy-proven NAFLD. Hepatic US was performed within 1 month of the liver biopsy procedure. Steatosis identified by US was scored using a 0 to 3 scale based on echogenicity and visualization of vasculature, parenchyma, and diaphragm, and compared to histological features based on Brunt's classification. Results: The median age at time of first visit was 10.8 years and 64% were boys. Sixty-nine percent had moderate to severe steatosis on histology. Ultrasonographic steatosis score (USS) had an excellent correlation with histological grade of steatosis (with a Spearman's coefficient of 0.80). The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for ultrasonographic detection of moderate-to-severe steatosis was 0.87. The USS did not correlate significantly with inflammatory activity or fibrosis stage; however, there was significant correlation with the NAFLD activity score (NAS), albeit this was in large part the result of the strong correlation with the steatosis component of NAS. Serum alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase were not associated with histological grade of steatosis and showed no correlation with USS. Conclusions: Our results, which represent the largest prospective pediatric study evaluating the role of hepatic US in children with biopsy-proven NAFLD, demonstrate the utility of this technique for noninvasive diagnosis and estimation of hepatic steatosis in children. Copyright © 2011 by European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
What causes gestational diabetes?; This plasticity of β-cell function in the face of progressive insulin resistance is the hallmark of normal glucose regulation during pregnancy. Like other forms of hyperglycemia, GDM is characterized by an insulin supply that is insufficient to meet the body's insulin needs. The causes of an insufficient insulin supply reflect the causes of hyperglycemia in general, including autoimmune disease, monogenic causes, and insulin resistance. GDM represents detection of chronic β-cell dysfunction, rather than development of relative insulin deficiency, as insulin resistance increases during pregnancy. The abnormalities are frequently progressive, leading to rising glucose levels and, eventually, to diabetes mellitus. Thus, GDM can be viewed largely as diabetes in evolution that is detected during pregnancy. © 2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.
Indications and principles of metabolic surgery; Bariatric surgery is known to be the most effective and long lasting treatment for morbid obesity and many related conditions, but now mounting evidence suggests it may be among the most effective forms of treatment for metabolic diseases and conditions including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol levels, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnea. Surgery for severe obesity goes way beyond weight loss. This surgery results in the complete remission or significant improvement of type 2 diabetes and other life-threatening diseases in most patients. The new name metabolic surgery was created and reflects this expanded and evolving view of surgery. Therefore, metabolic surgery is expected to play an ever increasing role in managing these diseases. New research results indicate that metabolic surgery may improve insulin resistance and secretion by mechanisms independent of weight loss, most likely involving changes in gastrointestinal hormones. Many patients with type 2 diabetes experience complete remission within days of metabolic surgery, long before significant weight is lost. This has led to a new concept that metabolic surgery may also be appropriate for diabetic individuals who are of normal weight or only slightly overweight. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
Circulating soluble CD36 is a novel marker of liver injury in subjects with altered glucose tolerance; Liver injury linked to insulin resistance is characterized by mild to moderate increases in aminotransferase activity. A soluble form of CD36 (sCD36) was recently identified in human plasma. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationships among plasma sCD36, insulin sensitivity (SI) and indicators of liver health. We evaluated a cohort of men from the general population (n=117). As expected, serum (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) were associated positively with body mass index (BMI) and age and negatively with SI (minimal model method). Circulating sCD36 was positively associated with ALT, AST and GGT in subjects with altered glucose tolerance, but not in those with normal glucose tolerance. The difference in the slope of the relationships was significant (P=.01). Age, BMI and triglycerides (but not sCD36) contributed independently to 29% of ALT variance in subjects with normal glucose tolerance. In contrast, SI and sCD36 contributed independently to 39% of ALT variance in subjects with altered glucose tolerance. The correlation between ALT activity and sCD36 was confirmed in an independent, replication study. In summary, circulating sCD36 could represent a novel marker of liver injury in subjects with altered glucose tolerance. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The developmental origins, mechanisms, and implications of metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a combination of cardio-metabolic risk determinants, including central obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia, and microalbuminuria. The prevalence of MetS is rapidly increasing worldwide, largely as a consequence of the ongoing obesity epidemic. Environmental factors during periods early in development have beenshownto influence the susceptibility to develop disease in later life. In particular, there is a wealth of evidence from both epidemiological and animal studies for greater incidence of features of MetS as a result of unbalanced maternal nutrition. The mechanisms by which nutritional insults during a period of developmental plasticity result in a MetS phenotype are now beginning to receive considerable scientific interest. This review focuses on recent data regarding these mechanisms, in particular the epigenetic and transcriptional regulation of key metabolic genes in response to nutritional stimuli that mediate persistent changes and an adult MetS phenotype. A continued and greater understanding of these mechanisms will eventually allow specific interventions, with a favorable impact on the global incidence of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the future. © 2010 American Society for Nutrition.
Dietary management of PCOS; The majority of women with PCOS, regardless of weight, have a form of insulin resistance that is intrinsic to the syndrome. For this reason, lifestyle changes that improve insulin sensitivity should be the first line of treatment for women with PCOS, particularly for those who are overweight. Lifestyle interventions should also accompany pharmacological treatment [1, 2]. © 2009 Springer-Verlag US.
Maternal obesity during pregnancy and lactation programs the development of offspring non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice; Background & Aims: Obesity induced, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is now the major cause in affluent countries, of the spectrum of steatosis-to-cirrhosis. Obesity and NAFLD rates in reproductive age women, and adolescents, are rising worldwide. Our hypothesis was that maternal obesity and lactation transmit to the offspring a pre-disposition to dysmetabolism, obesity and NAFLD. Methods: Female mice were fed standard or obesogenic chow, before, throughout pregnancy, and during lactation. The critical developmental period was studied by cross-fostering offspring of lean and obese dams. Offspring were then weaned onto standard chow and studied at 3 months. Read-outs included markers of metabolic dysfunction, biochemical and histological indicators of NAFLD, induction of liver fibrogenesis, and activation of pro-fibrotic pathways. Mechanisms involved in programming a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype were investigated by assaying breast milk components. Results: Offspring of obese dams had a dysmetabolic, insulin resistant and NAFLD phenotype compared to offspring of lean dams. Offspring of lean dams that were suckled by obese dams showed an exaggerated dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, with increased body weight, as well as increased levels of insulin, leptin, aspartate transaminase, interleukin-6, tumour necrosis factor-α, liver triglycerides, steatosis, hepatic fibrogenesis, renal norepinephrine, and liver α1-D plus β1-adrenoceptors, indicative of sympathetic nervous system activation. Obese dams also had raised breast milk leptin levels compared to lean dams. Conclusions: Maternal obesity programs development of a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, which is critically dependent on the early postnatal period and possibly involving alteration of hypothalamic appetite nuclei signalling by maternal breast milk and neonatal adipose tissue derived, leptin. © 2010 European Association for the Study of the Liver.
Report of the international symposium: Polycystic ovary syndrome: First Latin-American consensus; During the last years, numerous consensuses have been held in different countries in order to review the data concerning diagnosis and treatment and their relationship with the ethnic origin, social status and lifestyle of women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS). This study describes the conclusions concerning diagnostic criteria and the appropriate treatment of women with PCOS reached during the International Symposium Polycystic Ovary Syndrome, First Latin-American Consensus held in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 4th and 5th May 2009 to be applied in South American. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Haptoglobin polymorphism in Mongolian population: Comparison of the two genotyping methods; Background: Haptoglobin (Hp) polymorphisms have been suggested to be associated with many pathological conditions including cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and type 2 diabetes. Methods: We examined the association between HP genotypes and type 2 diabetes or anthropometric and clinical features in 946 Mongolians. HP genotypes were determined by two methods, TaqMan-based real-time PCR and conventional PCR. Hp phenotyping was also performed by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and peroxidase staining in a few selected samples. Results: The 2 HP genotyping methods showed consistent results in 943 of 946 samples. Three samples that showed different results in the 2 PCR methods were determined to be heterozygous for the Hp Johnson allele by phenotyping. We did not find any association between HP genotypes and type 2 diabetes or the anthropometric and clinical features examined in the population studied. Conclusions: TaqMan-based HP genotyping is reliable and will be useful for high-throughput association studies. Further studies of large numbers of subjects and functional differences in Hp types are needed. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Developmental programming and diabetes - The human experience and insight from animal models; Children born to mothers, rather than to fathers, with type 1 diabetes (type 1 DM) or type 2 diabetes (type 2 DM) may have a greater susceptibility to diabetes and obesity in later life, inferring a role for in utero or early post-natal influences on the developing child. This review summarises the studies contributing to this hypothesis, noting some of the controversies including the potential for residual confounding and the influence of maternal BMI. Animal models demonstrate that maternal hyperglycaemia leads to persistent disorders of offspring pancreatic b cell secretory capacity, abnormal insulin signaling in insulin-sensitive tissues and abnormal development of the hypothalamus, associated with aberrant control of energy regulation and obesity in adult life. Prospective studies, particularly follow-up of children born to diabetic mothers participating in RCTs of improved glycemic control are needed to accurately assess the transgenerational influences of maternal diabetes and to evaluate mechanisms inferred from animal data. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Asymptomatic chronic hepatitis B virus infection does not increase the risk of diabetes mellitus: A ten-year observation; Background and Aim: Chronic hepatitis C virus infection has been known to increase the risk of diabetes. Whether this association holds true for chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection remains unclear. We thus conducted this study to investigate the influence of asymptomatic chronic HBV infection on the incidence of diabetes in a longitudinal cohort. Methods: A total of 1233 adults who received health examinations in 1997-1998 and in 2000-2001 were enrolled. Among them, 483 subjects who received a third health examination in 2006-2008 were further sampled. The prevalence and incidence of diabetes between asymptomatic HBV carriers and non-HBV controls were compared using the χ2-test and logistic regression. Results: In 1997-1998, the prevalence rates of diabetes (9.49 and 12.0%) and glucose intolerance (28.5 and 25.4%) in HBV carriers and non-HBV controls were comparable (P > 0.05). There was no significant correlation between asymptomatic HBV infection and the presence of diabetes in subjects examined in 1997-1998, 2000-2001, or 2006-2008 when adjusted for age, gender, and body mass index (P > 0.05). In 296 non-diabetic subjects during 1997-1998, the ten-year incidence of diabetes/glucose intolerance was similar between HBV carriers and non-HBV controls (40.0 and 38.7%, P > 0.05). Moreover, no significant correlation was found between asymptomatic HBV infection and the incidence of diabetes/glucose intolerance in 2006-2008 (P = 0.775). Conclusions: Compared to non-HBV controls, subjects with asymptomatic chronic HBV infection do not have an increased risk of diabetes, and thus HBV itself is not pro-diabetic. © 2010 Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology Foundation and Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Current procedures for managing polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a common disorder, affecting 6-10% of women of reproductive age. Beyond the cosmetic issue of hyperandrogenic manifestations, it is a disabling syndrome that causes infertility and implicates potential serious long-term metabolic risks for these women. Polycystic ovary syndrome is, thus, an important public health problem that should be managed globally and not only for short-term complaints. With regard to this, lifestyle interventions and insulin sensitizers may be more appropriate treatments for the disease because they directly target the pathophysiology of the disease and, therefore, improve both ovarian dysfunctions and metabolic consequences of the syndrome. However, other interventions are probably more effective and, more rapidly so, for treating clinical manifestations than insulin sensitizers, but could be used in combination in most cases. This review discusses current treatment options for women with polycystic ovary syndrome and explores pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatment avenues, with special attention to hyperandrogenism and infertility management. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Pharmacogenetics of Anti-diabetes drugs; A variety of treatment modalities exist for individuals with type 2 diabetes ellitus (T2D). In addition to dietary and physical activity interventions, T2D is also treated pharmacologically with nine major classes of approved drugs. These medications nclude insulin and its analogues, sulfonylureas, biguanides, thiazolidinediones (TZDs), eglitinides, α-glucosidase inhibitors, amylin analogues, incretin hormone mimetics, and ipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP4) inhibitors. Pharmacological treatment strategies for T2D are typically based on efficacy, yet favorable responses to such therapeutics are oftentimes ariable and difficult to predict. Characterization of drug response is expected to ubstantially enhance our ability to provide patients with the most effective treatment strategy given their individual backgrounds, yet pharmacogenetic study of diabetes medications is still in its infancy. To date, major pharmacogenetic studies have focused on response to sulfonylureas, biguanides, and TZDs. Here, we provide a comprehensive review of pharmacogenetics investigations of these specific anti-diabetes medications. We focus not only on the results of these studies, but also on how experimental design, study ample issues, and definition of 'response' can significantly impact our interpretation of findings. Understanding the pharmacogenetics of anti-diabetes medications will provide critical baseline information for the development and implementation of genetic screening into therapeutic decision making, and lay the foundation for "individualized medicine" for patients with T2D.
Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein levels relate to inflammation and fibrosis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Several circulating cytokines are increased with obesity and may combine with the influence of visceral fat to generate insulin resistance, inflammation, and fibrosis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Little information exists in NAFLD about three recently recognized tissue-derived cytokines that are all lipid-binding and involved in inflammation, namely adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (AFABP), lipocalin-2, and retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4). We examined the association of these three peptides with hepatic steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis plus indices of adiposity, insulin resistance, and dyslipidaemia in 100 subjects with NAFLD and 129 matched controls. Levels of AFABP and lipocalin-2, but not RBP4, were significantly elevated in NAFLD versus control (AFABP, 33.5 ± 14.4 versus 23.1 ± 12.1 ng/mL [P < 0.001]; lipocalin-2, 63.2 ± 26 versus 48.6 ± 20 ng/mL [P < 0.001]) and correlated with indices of adiposity. AFABP correlated with indices of subcutaneous rather than visceral fat. AFABP alone distinguished steatohepatitis from simple steatosis (P = 0.02). Elevated AFABP independently predicted increasing inflammation and fibrosis, even when insulin resistance and visceral fat were considered; this applied to lobular inflammation and ballooning (odds ratio 1.4, confidence interval 1.0-1.8) and fibrosis stage (odds ratio 1.3, confidence interval 1.0-1.7) (P < 0.05 for all). None of the cytokines correlated with steatosis grade. AFABP levels correlated with insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) in controls and NAFLD, whereas lipocalin-2 and RBP4 only correlated positively with insulin resistance in controls. Conclusion: Circulating AFABP, produced by adipocytes and macrophages, and lipocalin-2, produced by multiple tissues, are elevated and may contribute to the metabolic syndrome in NAFLD. AFABP levels, which correlate with subcutaneous, but not visceral fat, independently predict inflammation and fibrosis in NAFLD and may have a direct pathogenic link to disease progression. Copyright © 2009 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
γ-Glutamyltransferase, obesity, physical activity, and the metabolic syndrome in indigenous Australian adults; The aim of this study is to examine the association between obesity, metabolic syndrome, physical activity, and elevated γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) among Indigenous Australian adults who did not drink alcohol. A cross-sectional study of 791 Indigenous adults in rural North Queensland communities was conducted between 1999 and 2001. Measures included serum GGT, fasting glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides; resting blood pressure, BMI, and waist circumference; and self-reported physical activity, alcohol intake, and tobacco smoking. Central obesity measured by waist circumference in this population was significantly associated with elevated GGT independently of lifestyle behaviors (Adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 2.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.2-6.0). Metabolic syndrome (International Diabetes Federation definition) was also strongly associated with increased GGT (OR = 2.6, 95% CI: 1.5-4.6). Habitual physical activity may be slightly protective (OR = 0.9, 95% CI: 0.5-1.6) in this group, but this was not clearly demonstrated in this study. Prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in this population should emphasize "waist loss" and metabolic health through dietary and other interventions.
Insulin resistance in children: Consensus, perspective, and future directions; Objective: Emerging data indicate that insulin resistance is common among children and adolescents and is related to cardiometabolic risk, therefore requiring consideration early in life. However, there is still confusion on how to define insulin resistance, how to measure it, what its risk factors are, and whether there are effective strategies to prevent and treat it. A consensus conference was organized in order to clarify these points. Participants: The consensus was internationally supported by all the major scientific societies in pediatric endocrinology and 37 participants. Evidence: An independent and systematic search of the literature was conducted to identify key articles relating to insulin resistance in children. Consensus Process: The conference was divided into five themes and working groups: background and definition; methods of measurement and screening; risk factors and consequences; prevention; and treatment. Each group selected key issues, searched the literature, and developed a draft document. During a 3-d meeting, these papers were debated and finalized by each group before presenting them to the full forum for further discussion and agreement. Conclusions: Given the current childhood obesity epidemic, insulin resistance in children is an important issue confronting health care professionals. There are no clear criteria to define insulin resistance in children, and surrogate markers such as fasting insulin are poor measures of insulin sensitivity. Based on current screening criteria and methodology, there is no justification for screening children for insulin resistance. Lifestyle interventions including diet and exercise can improve insulin sensitivity, whereas drugs should be implemented only in selected cases. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
Activation of LXR increases acyl-CoA synthetase activity through direct regulation of ACSL3 in human placental trophoblast cells; Placental fatty acid transport and metabolism are important for proper growth and development of the fetoplacental unit. The nuclear receptors, liver X receptors α and β (LXRα and LXRβ), are key regulators of lipid metabolism in many tissues, but little is known about their role in fatty acid transport and metabolism in placenta. The current study investigates the LXR-mediated regulation of long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 3 (ACSL3) and its functions in human placental trophoblast cells. We demonstrate that activation of LXR increases ACSL3 expression, acyl-CoA synthetase activity, and fatty acid uptake in human tropholast cells. Silencing of ACSL3 in these cells attenuates the LXR-mediated increase in acyl-CoA synthetase activity. Furthermore, we show that ACSL3 is directly regulated by LXR through a conserved LXR responsive element in the ACSL3 promoter.jlr Our results suggest that LXR plays a regulatory role in fatty acid metabolism by direct regulation of ACSL3 in human placental trophoblast cells. Copyright © 2010 by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
The role of iron in type 2 diabetes in humans; The role of micronutrients in the etiology of type 2 diabetes is not well established. Several lines of evidence suggest that iron play may a role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Iron is a strong pro-oxidant and high body iron levels are associated with increased level of oxidative stress that may elevate the risk of type 2 diabetes. Several epidemiological studies have reported a positive association between high body iron stores, as measured by circulating ferritin level, and the risk of type 2 diabetes and of other insulin resistant states such as the metabolic syndrome, gestational diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome. In addition, increased dietary intake of iron, especially that of heme iron, is associated with risk of type 2 diabetes in apparently healthy populations. Results from studies that have evaluated the association between genetic mutations related to iron metabolism have been inconsistent. Further, several clinical trials have suggested that phlebotomy induced reduction in body iron levels may improve insulin sensitivity in humans. However, no interventional studies have yet directly evaluated the effect of reducing iron intake or body iron levels on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Such studies are required to prove the causal relationship between moderate iron overload and diabetes risk. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy and pituitary disorders; Major hormonal changes emerge during pregnancy. The pituitary gland is one of the most affected organs with altered anatomy and physiology. The pituitary gland is enlarged as a result of lactotroph hyperplasia. Due to physiological changes in the pituitary and target hormone levels, binding globulins, and placental hormones, hormonal evaluation becomes more complex in pregnant women. As a consequence of physiological hormonal changes, the evaluation of pituitary functions in pregnant women is quite different from that done in the prepregnant state. Pituitary adenomas may cause problems by their hormone secretion that affects the mother and the fetus besides causing an increased risk of tumor growth. Furthermore, diagnosis, course, and treatment of pituitary diseases point out differences. The changes in anatomy and physiology of the pituitary gland during pregnancy are reviewed. Pituitary disorders namely Cushing's disease; acromegaly; prolactinoma; TSH-secreting, gonadotropin-producing, and clinically nonfunctioning adenomas; craniopharyngioma; and Sheehan's syndrome, which is one of the most common causes of hypopituitarism, lymphocytic hypophysitis, and hypopituitarism, in relation to pregnancy are discussed. Being aware of all this information will prevent any serious problems which mother and child will be exposed to. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology.
Vitamin D inadequacy in pregnancy: Biology, outcomes, and interventions; A high prevalence of maternal vitamin D inadequacy during pregnancy and at delivery has been demonstrated in various ethnic populations living at different latitudes. Because placental transfer of 25(OH)D is the major source of vitamin D to the developing human fetus, there is growing concern about adverse health impacts that hypovitaminosis D during pregnancy may have on the mother as well as the offspring in utero, in infancy, and later in life. While there is lack of consensus regarding the optimal circulating 25(OH)D concentration in pregnancy, it is evident that prior levels used to establish intake recommendations and vitamin D content of prenatal vitamin supplements were too conservative. This review summarizes vitamin D metabolism in the perinatal period, examines evidence regarding outcomes of insufficiency in the mother and offspring, discusses risk factors and prevalence of insufficiency, and considers strategies for public health intervention. © 2010 International Life Sciences Institute.
Botanical Treatment for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; This chapter presents information on treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) by use of botanicals. PCOS in mentioned to be the most common endocrine disease in young women and the most common cause of anovulatory infertility. A table is presented that summarizes the potential benefits of botanicals in PCOS. The various disorders associated with PCOS are discussed which include anovulation, obesity, dyslipidemia and inflammation. The botanical treatment for ovarian disorders due to PCOS is given namely: N-acetyl cysteine (NAC) which is an antioxidant, d Chiro-inositol, chaste berry, etc. The treatments for insulin resistance in PCOS include cinnamon, gymnema, quercetin and white peony. Management of dyslipidemia in PCOS by use of botanicals consists of red rice yeast, curcumin and d Chiro-inositol. PCOS patients are mentioned to be at risk for cardiovascular diseases. The circulating C-reactive protein, interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor are the inflammatory markers for cardiovascular diseases and PCOS patients have higher inflammatory markers in the circulation. The use of fish or flax seed oils is mentioned to reduce inflammation in PCOS. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Visfatin/PBEF/Nampt and resistin expressions in circulating blood monocytes are differentially related to obesity and type 2 diabetes in humans; Low-grade inflammation is important in the development of obesity related pathologies such as insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, and also cardiovascular disease. Visfatin/PBEF/Nampt and resistin are proinflammatory adipokines secreted from adipocytes, monocytes, and macrophages, and have been linked to atherosclerotic plaque formation, recently. The aim of the present study was to investigate if the expression of these molecules in circulating blood monocytes is altered in obese and/or type 2 diabetic human subjects. Monocytes were isolated by CD14-antibody based magnetic cell sorting from blood samples of 17 lean controls, 20 obese nondiabetic subjects, and 19 obese patients with type 2 diabetes. FACS analysis was performed to test purity of the cell preparations. Expression of the different adipokines was measured by multiplex real-time PCR on RNA-level. Visfatin/PBEF/Nampt was found to be very strongly expressed in monocytes, whereas resistin levels were significantly lower. Furthermore, visfatin/PBEF/Nampt expression was significantly upregulated in obese type 2 diabetic patients, whereas obese nondiabetics exhibited similar levels compared to lean controls, indicating that visfatin/PBEF/Nampt levels are related to type 2 diabetes rather than to obesity. In contrast, resistin expression displayed a different pattern being significantly increased in obese subjects compared to controls but not related to type 2 diabetes. These data suggest a differential role for these two proinflammatory adipokines in linking metabolic diseases to atherosclerosis with visfatin/PBEF/Nampt being more important in patients with type 2 diabetes and resistin in obese but nondiabetic human subjects. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Retinol-binding protein 4 is associated with impaired glucose tolerance but not with whole body or hepatic insulin resistance in Mexican Americans; Retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP4), a novel protein secreted mainly by adipose tissue, has been associated with insulin resistance in obese subjects and in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We examined the relationship between plasma RBP4 levels, expression of RBP4 in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, and insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans with varying degrees of obesity and glucose tolerance. Seventy-two subjects [16 lean normal-glucose-tolerant (NGT), 17 obese NGT, and 39 subjects with impaired fasting glucose/impaired glucose tolerance/T2DM] received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp. Insulin secretion was measured as insulinogenic index during OGTT. In a subset of subjects, hepatic glucose production was measured by 3-[3H]glucose infusion, biopsies of the vastus lateralis muscle and subcutaneous adipose tissue were obtained under basal conditions, and quantitative RT-PCR was performed to measure the RBP4 mRNA gene expression. Plasma RBP4 was significantly elevated in impaired glucose tolerance/T2DM compared with NGT lean or obese subjects. Plasma RBP4 levels correlated with 2-h glucose, triglycerides, and hemoglobin A1c. There was no association between RBP4 levels and whole body insulin sensitivity measured with either the euglycemic insulin clamp or OGTT, basal hepatic glucose production rates, and the hepatic insulin resistance index. There was no correlation between plasma RBP4 levels and indexes of insulin secretion. RBP4 mRNA expression in skeletal muscle was similar in lean NGT subjects, obese NGT subjects, and T2DM subjects. There was no difference in RBP4 mRNA expression in adipose tissue between lean and obese NGT subjects or between NGT and T2DM individuals. Plasma RBP4 levels are elevated in T2DM and associated with impaired glucose tolerance, but not associated with obesity or insulin resistance or impaired insulin secretion in Mexican Americans.
Feasibility of assessing liver lipid by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in healthy normal and overweight prepubertal children; Background: Intramyocellular and intrahepatic (IHL) lipids are significantly associated with insulin resistance in adults and adolescents and may represent an early marker for developing the metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. Methods: During the pilot phase of a larger cross-sectional study, we used proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) to determine the feasibility of noninvasively evaluating IHL in 11 male (n=4) and female (n=7) prepubertal children using a standard clinical system and to determine whether IHL is correlated with adiposity, fasting insulin and glucose, and liver enzymes. Results: Body mass index (BMI) (range, 13.4-32.4kg/m2) and IHL stores (range, 0.07-3.2% relative to an oil phantom) were variable. IHL was correlated with body mass (r=0.66, P=0.037), BMI (r=0.73, P=0.016), percentage body fat (r=0.73, P=0.01, n=10), waist circumference (r=0.85, P=0.016), and serum lactate dehydrogenase concentration (r=0.77, P=0.03) but was not significantly correlated with other markers of liver damage, including aspartate aminotransferase activity (r=0.59, P=0.09, n=9) and alkaline phosphatase concentrations (r=0.60, P=0.087). IHL was also (P<0.01) correlated with fasting insulin concentration (r=0.85, P=0.03, n=6) and insulin resistance (r=0.94, P=0.006, n=6), but these correlations were driven by the results for one child. Conclusions: These preliminary data suggest that 1H-MRS obtained in a standard pediatric clinical environment may be used to determine IHL in healthy normal and overweight prepubertal youth. This noninvasive technique may prove useful in identifying early markers of the metabolic syndrome in at-risk youth. Copyright 2010 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Maternal overnutrition impacts offspring adiposity and brain appetite markers-modulation by postweaning diet; Maternal obesity has long-term consequences for the development of hypothalamic neurones involved in energy homeostasis and the metabolic profile in offspring. In the present study, we compared the effects of maternal obesity induced by longstanding high-fat diet (HFD) with milder postnatal overfeeding during suckling induced by litter size reduction. Female Sprague-Dawley rats consumed chow (C) or HFD. On postnatal day 1, litters from chow dams were adjusted to three per dam (small litter, CS) versus 12 control (normal litter, CN). Litters from HFD dams were adjusted to 12 per dam and fed HFD after weaning to induce obesity (HN). Thus, two degrees of maternal overnutrition were produced (CS and HN). To test whether postweaning diet can amplify the effects of maternal obesity, male offspring weaned onto chow or HFD were followed to 21 weeks. Maternal postnatal overnutrition (CS) and HFD-induced maternal obesity (HN) increased body weight and fat mass in offspring compared to those from control dams (CN). Significant glucose intolerance was induced by both degrees of maternal overnutrition, but only in offspring consuming HFD. HFD-induced maternal obesity (HN) was linked to increased offspring leptin, insulin, lipids, insulin resistance and hyperphagia, and was exaggerated by postweaning HFD. No effect of maternal postnatal overnutrition (CS) was seen on these parameters. Hypothalamic signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 and suppressor of cytokine signalling-3 mRNA were significantly elevated by maternal HFD (HN) in the HFD-fed offspring. The data obtained suggest that even mild maternal overnutrition (CS) led to increased adiposity, glucose intolerance and altered brain appetite regulators in offspring. A greater impact of HFD-induced maternal obesity was evident. Marked additive effects were observed when animals consumed a HFD postweaning. © 2010 The Authors. Journal Compilation © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a pregnancy-specific liver disorder characterized by maternal pruritus in the third trimester, raised serum bile acids and increased rates of adverse fetal outcomes. The etiology of ICP is complex and not fully understood, but it is likely to result from the cholestatic effects of reproductive hormones and their metabolites in genetically susceptible women. Equally unclear are the mechanisms by which the fetal complications occur. This article reviews the epidemiology, clinical features, diagnosis, etiology and management of ICP. © 2009 The WJG Press and Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Food and Western Disease: Health and Nutrition from an Evolutionary Perspective; Nutrition science is a highly fractionated, contentious field with rapidly changing viewpoints on both minor and major issues impacting on public health. With an evolutionary perspective as its basis, this exciting book provides a framework by which the discipline can finally be coherently explored. By looking at what we know of human evolution and disease in relation to the diets that humans enjoy now and prehistorically, the book allows the reader to begin to truly understand the link between diet and disease in the Western world and move towards a greater knowledge of what can be defined as the optimal human diet. Written by a leading expert Covers all major diseases, including cancer, heart disease, obesity, stroke and dementia Details the benefits and risks associated with the Palaeolithic diet Draws conclusions on key topics including sustainable nutrition and the question of healthy eating This important book provides an exciting and useful insight into this fascinating subject area and will be of great interest to nutritionists, dietitians and other members of the health professions. Evolutionary biologists and anthropologists will also find much of interest within the book. All university and research establishments where nutritional sciences, medicine, food science and biological sciences are studied and taught should have copies of this title. © 2010 Staffan Lindeberg.
Insulin resistance is not associated with histologic severity in nondiabetic, noncirrhotic patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection; Objectives: It is still debated whether hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is associated with the development of diabetes. Our primary objective was to determine whether insulin resistance is associated with HBV-induced histologic severity. Methods: This study included consecutive 80 nondiabetic, noncirrhotic patients with HBV infection who underwent liver biopsy. We evaluated the relationship between histologic findings and clinical parameters and insulin resistance determined by the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). Results: Patients with minimal fibrosis (stage 0 or 1) had significantly higher levels of insulin and HOMA-IR (P0.004, P0.028, respectively) compared with matched healthy controls. HOMA-IR is independently associated with body mass index (coefficient, 0.16; 95 confidence interval, CI, 0.03-0.28) but not with HBV-induced histologic activity or fibrosis. Insulin resistance was not significantly different among patients with or without significant fibrosis (stage 2 or 3). In multivariate analysis, Hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) positivity (odds ratio, OR, 0.04; 95 CI, 0.01-0.31) and portalperiportal inflammation (OR, 18.6; 95 CI, 3.9-88.2) were independent predictors of significant fibrosis. Conclusions: The observed hyperinsulinemia in HBV-infected patients seems to be from altered insulin metabolism rather than HBV-specific effects. Insulin resistance is not associated with significant fibrosis. The data suggest that hepatic fibrosis in HBV-infected patients is attributable to the virus-induced liver injury, but not to insulin resistance. © 2009 by the American College of Gastroenterology.
Clinical and biochemical characteristics of early onset type 2 diabetes in Kuwaiti youth; Objectives: To assess clinical features and investigation results in early onset type 2 Kuwaiti diabetics Design: Descriptive study Setting: Mubarak Alkabeer Hospital, Kuwait Subjects: Ninteen early onset type 2 diabetics Main Outcome Measures: Clinical features and investigation results Results: All patients were overweight (n = 6, 16%) to obese (n = 13, 84%) at diagnosis with a mean BMI of 31.43 ± 2.09 kg/ m2 and a mean waist circumference of 94 ± 1.7 cm in females and 103.43 ± 1.24 cm in males. Hypertension was reported in three cases with mean systolic blood pressure of 134.32 ± 8.45 and mean diastolic blood pressure (DBP) of 87.05 ± 10.34. Family history of type 2 diabetes was reported in 68.4% and maternal history of gestational diabetes in 52.6%. Ten patients (52.6%) had acanthosis nigricans. Six female patients (out of 12) had clinical features of polycystic ovary syndrome. Homeostasis model assessment was found to have strong positive correlation with BMI, waist circumference in females, triglycerides (TG) and DBP; and negative correlation with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein A1. Similarly, high-sensitive Creactive protein showed positive correlation with BMI, waist circumference in female and male patients, TG and DBP; and negative correlation with HDL-C. Conclusion: Early onset type 2 DM is increasingly recognized in Kuwait. This phenomenon is strongly associated with obesity; in particular central adiposity and chronic in.ammatory states which appear early in these youngsters. Type 2 DM is frequently asymptomatic and should be considered in obese adolescents with positive family history.
Severity of liver injury and atherogenic lipid profile in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between severity of liver injury and atherogenic lipid profile in a large group of children with NAFLD. A total of 118 consecutive children with biopsy-proven NAFLD were included. Patients underwent extensive metabolic profiling. The NAFLD activity and fibrosis scores showed a significant positive correlation with triglyceride/HDL, total cholesterol/HDL, and LDL/HDL ratios (p <0.05) but not with apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-1 ratio (p = 0.58). After adjusting for BMI, homeostatic model assessment, impaired glucose tolerance, and presence of metabolic syndrome, both the NAFLD activity score and stage of fibrosis remained independent predictors of proatherogenic lipid profile. All lipid ratios, except for apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-1, were found to be markedly higher in children with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis compared with those with simple steatosis or borderline disease (p <0.05). This study shows for the first time that in children with NAFLD, the severity of liver injury is strongly associated with the presence of a more atherogenic lipid profile, having potential significant diagnostic and therapeutic implications. © 2010 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
PPARγ2Pro12Ala polymorphism and human health; The nuclear hormone receptor peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) is an important transcription factor regulating adipocyte differentiation, lipid and glucose homeostasis, and insulin sensitivity. Numerous genetic mutations of PPARγ have been identified and these mutations positively or negatively regulate insulin sensitivity. Among these, a relatively common polymorphism of PPARγ, Pro12Ala of PPARγ2, the isoform expressed only in adipose tissue has been shown to be associated with lower body mass index, enhanced insulin sensitivity, and resistance to the risk of type 2 diabetes in human subjects carrying this mutation. Subsequent studies in different ethnic populations, however, have revealed conflicting results, suggesting a complex interaction between the PPARγ2 Pro12Ala polymorphism and environmental factors such as the ratio of dietary unsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids and/or between the PPARγ2 Pro12Ala polymorphism and genetic factors such as polymorphic mutations in other genes. In addition, this polymorphic mutation in PPARγ2 is associated with other aspects of human diseases, including cancers, polycystic ovary syndrome, Alzheimer disease and aging. This review will highlight findings fromrecent studies. Copyright © 2009 Weimin He.
Retinol binding protein 4 - A novel association with early-onset preeclampsia; Objective: Dysregulation of maternal circulating adipokines has been implicated in several "great obstetrical syndromes" including preeclampsia (PE), small-for-gestational age (SGA) neonate and fetal death (FD). It has been suggested that adipokines provide a molecular link between metabolic derangements and inflammatory response in complicated pregnancies. Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4), a novel adipokine, plays a role in obesity-related disorders, as well as in the regulation of the immune response. The aim of this study was to determine whether there are changes in maternal plasma concentrations of RBP4 in patients with PE and in those with an SGA neonate or FD. Study design: This cross-sectional study included patients in the following groups: 1) normal pregnancy (n=134); 2) PE (n=104); 3) SGA neonate (n=28); and 4) FD (n=37). Maternal plasma RBP4 concentrations were determined by ELISA. Non-parametric statistics were used for analysis. Results: 1) The median maternal plasma RBP4 concentration was higher among patients with PE than in those with a normal pregnancy (P=0.03); 2) The median maternal plasma RBP4 concentrations of patients with preterm PE (<37 weeks) was higher than that of those with term PE (P=0.017) and than that of those with a normal pregnancy (P=0.002); 3) The median maternal plasma RBP4 concentration did not differ significantly between patients with a normal pregnancy and those with an SGA neonate or with an FD; 4) Among normal pregnant women, the maternal plasma RBP4 concentrations did not correlate with pre-pregnancy body mass index, gestational age at blood sampling and neonatal birthweight. Conclusions: 1) Preeclampsia, but not pregnancy with an SGA neonate or an FD, is associated with a higher median maternal plasma concentration of RBP4 than normal pregnancy; 2) Preterm PE, and specifically early-onset PE, is associated with higher median RBP4 concentrations in maternal plasma compared to term PE. These findings suggest a role for RBP4 in the pathogenesis of preterm PE, but not in SGA and FD. © 2010 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York 2010.
Carbaprostacyclin, a PPARδ agonist, ameliorates excess lipid accumulation in diabetic rat placentas; Aims: Maternal diabetes impairs placental development and metabolism. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are ligand-activated nuclear receptors relevant in metabolic homeostasis. We investigated the concentrations of PPARδ and its endogenous agonist prostacyclin (PGI2), as well as the effects of carbaprostacylin (cPGI2, a PPARδ agonist) on lipid metabolism in placentas from control and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats on day 13.5 of gestation. Main methods: The placentas were explanted to evaluate PPARδ expression and PGI2 concentrations, and cultured with cPGI2 for further analysis of lipid metabolism (concentrations and 14C-acetate derived synthesis of triglycerides, cholesteryl esters, phospholipids, cholesterol and free fatty acids; release of glycerol and lipid peroxidation). Key findings: Reduced PGI2 concentrations were found in the placentas from diabetic rats when compared to controls. cPGI2 additions reduced the concentrations and synthesis of several lipid species, increased lipid catabolism and reduced lipid peroxidation in the placenta. These effects were more marked in diabetic tissues, which presented alterations in the lipid metabolic parameters evaluated. cPGI2 additions increased placental PPARδ and acyl-CoA oxidase expression, which are changes possibly involved in the catabolic effects observed. Significance: The present study reveals the capability of cPGI2 to regulate placental lipid metabolism and PPARδ expression, and suggests that preserving appropriate PGI2 concentrations in the placenta may help to metabolize maternal derived lipid overload in diabetic gestations. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Fitness versus fatness: Moving beyond weight loss in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; The rapid emergence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) as a cause of both liver-related morbidity and mortality and cardiometabolic risk has led to the search for effective lifestyle strategies to reduce liver fat. Lifestyle intervention comprising dietary restriction in conjunction with increased physical activity has shown clear hepatic benefits when weight loss approximating 3%-10% of body weight is achieved. Yet, the poor sustainability of weight loss challenges the current therapeutic focus on body weight and highlights the need for alternative strategies for NAFLD management. Epidemiologic data show an independent relationship between liver fat, physical activity, and fitness, and a growing body of longitudinal research demonstrates that increased physical activity participation per se significantly reduces hepatic steatosis and serum aminotransferases in individuals with NAFLD, independent of weight loss. Mechanistic insights to explain this interaction are outlined, and recommendations for the implementation of lifestyle intervention involving physical activity are discussed. In light of the often poor sustainability of weight loss strategies, and the viability of physical activity therapy, clinicians should assess physical fitness and physical activity habits, educate patients on the benefits of fitness outside of weight loss, and focus on behavior change which promotes physical activity adoption. Copyright © 2010 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Metformin: An old medication of new fashion: Evolving new molecular mechanisms and clinical implications in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is now recognized to be the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age with a prevalence of 6.6-6.8%. PCOS, a syndrome of unknown etiology, was initially regarded as a reproductive disorder. However, in the last 15 years the role of insulin resistance (IR) has been identified as a significant contributor to the pathogenesis of PCOS, and the metabolic and cardiovascular sequelae of the syndrome have been increasingly appreciated. The coexistence and interaction of reproductive and cardiometabolic abnormalities in the context of PCOS have created a need for a modified therapeutic management of affected women. Insulin sensitizers, particularly metformin, have been introduced as a pharmaceutical option targeting not only IR, but several other aspects of the syndrome, including reproductive abnormalities. The landscape of the multifaceted actions of metformin evolves to broaden the therapeutic implications of this old drug in a new fashion for patients with PCOS. Most recently, the spectrum of metformin's targets has been expanded, and molecular studies have explored the tissue-specific mechanisms of metformin in the liver, the muscle, the endothelium, and the ovary. The use of metformin in pregnant women with PCOS comprises another scarcely explored, but promising area of research. This review attempts to cover the spectrum of metformin's cellular actions in different tissues and to summarize the current literature regarding the potential medical value of this medication in PCOS. Even if many of these actions are individually modest, they seem to be collectively sufficient to confer therapeutic benefits not only in cardiometabolic aspects but also in reproductive aspects of PCOS. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology.
Optimising the medical management of hyperglycaemia in type 2 diabetes in the Middle East: Pivotal role of metformin; Aims: Increases in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes will likely be greater in the Middle East and other developing countries than in most other regions during the coming two decades, placing a heavy burden on regional healthcare resources. Methodology: Medline search, examination of data from major epidemiological studies in the Middle Eastern countries. Results: The aetiology and pathophysiology of diabetes appears comparable in Middle Eastern and other populations. Lifestyle intervention is key to the management of diabetes in all type 2 diabetes patients, who should be encouraged strongly to diet and exercise. The options for pharmacologic therapy in the management of diabetes have increased recently, particularly the number of potential antidiabetic combinations. Metformin appears to be used less frequently to initiate antidiabetic therapy in the Middle East than in other countries. Available clinical evidence, supported by current guidelines, strongly favours the initiation of antidiabetic therapy with metformin in Middle Eastern type 2 diabetes patients, where no contraindications exist. This is due to its equivalent or greater efficacy relative to other oral antidiabetic treatments, its proven tolerability and safety profiles, its weight neutrality, the lack of clinically significant hypoglycaemia, the demonstration of cardiovascular protection for metformin relative to diet in the UK Prospective Diabetes Study and in observational studies, and its low cost. Additional treatments should be added to metformin and lifestyle intervention as diabetes progresses, until patients are receiving an intensive insulin regimen with or without additional oral agents. Conclusions: The current evidence base strongly favours the initiation of antidiabetic therapy with metformin, where no contraindications exist. However, metformin may be under-prescribed in the Middle East. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Different levels of overnutrition and weight gain during pregnancy have differential effects on fetal growth and organ development; Background: Nearly 50% of U.S. women of child-bearing age are overweight or obese, conditions linked to offspring obesity and diabetes.Methods: Utilizing the sheep, females were fed a highly palatable diet at two levels of overfeeding designed to induce different levels of maternal body weight increase and adiposity at conception, and from conception to midgestation. Fetal growth and organ development were then evaluated at midgestation in response to these two different levels of overfeeding. Ewes were fed to achieve: 1) normal weight gain (control, C), 2) overweight (125% of National Research Council [NRC] recommendations, OW125) or 3) obesity (150% of NRC recommendations, OB150) beginning 10 wks prior to breeding and through midgestation. Body fat % and insulin sensitivity were assessed at three points during the study: 1) diet initiation, 2) conception and 3) mid-gestation. Ewes were necropsied and fetuses recovered at mid-gestation (day 78).Results: OB150 ewes had a higher % body fat than OW125 ewes prior to breeding (P = 0.03), but not at mid-gestation (P = 0.37). Insulin sensitivity decreased from diet initiation to mid-gestation (P = 0.04), and acute insulin response to glucose tended to be greater in OB150 ewes than C ewes (P = 0.09) and was greater than in OW125 ewes (P = 0.02). Fetal crown-rump length, thoracic and abdominal girths, and fetal perirenal fat were increased in the OW125 and OB150 versus C ewes at mid-gestation. However, only fetal heart, pancreas, and liver weights, as well as lipid content of fetal liver, were increased (P < 0.05) in OB150 ewes versus both C and OW125 ewes at midgestation.Conclusions: These data demonstrate that different levels of overfeeding, resulting in differing levels of maternal weight gain and adiposity prior to and during pregnancy, lead to differential effects on fetal overgrowt and organ development. © 2010 George et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Altered hepatic insulin signalling in male offspring of obese mice; Individuals exposed in utero to maternal obesity have increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity in adulthood. The molecular mechanisms underlying this association are unknown. We have therefore used a murine model of maternal obesity, in which the offspring of obese dams develop hyperinsulinaemia by 3 months of age indicative of insulin resistance. Here, we investigate the effects of maternal diet-induced obesity on the expression/phosphorylation of key hepatic insulin signalling proteins and the expression of anti-oxidant enzymes in male offspring. At 3 months of age, offspring of obese dams had decreased levels of insulin receptor substrate (IRS) 1 (P < 0.01), whereas the ratio of phosphorylated IRS1 Ser307 to total IRS1 was significantly increased (P < 0.001), suggesting that it was less active. Protein expression of the PI3K p85α subunit was decreased (P < 0.01) and there was a tendency for phosphorylation of Akt at Ser473 to be reduced (P = 0.08) in the offspring of obese dams. protein kinase Cζ (P < 0.001) and glycogen synthase kinase 3β (P < 0.05) levels were increased in these animals in comparison with controls. Maternal obesity also resulted in increased phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase at Thr180/Tyr182 (P < 0.01) and raised c-Jun N-terminal kinase 1 expression (P < 0.5) in the offspring. The expression of antioxidant enzymes was also affected by maternal obesity with CuZnSOD (P < 0.001) and glutathione reductase (P < 0.05) being increased, whereas glutathione peroxidase 1 was reduced (P < 0.05) in the offspring. We conclude that maternal obesity leads to alterations in hepatic insulin signalling protein expression and phosphorylation. These molecular changes may contribute to the development of insulin resistance. © 2010, Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease. All rights reserved.
Clinical predictors of fibrosis in patients with chronic liver disease; Background Patients with chronic liver disease and components of metabolic syndrome may be at higher risk for fibrosis. Aim To assess the impact of clinicodemographic factors on hepatic fibrosis in CLD. Methods Of 1028 chronic liver disease patients, 964 were included in the analysis. Extensive clinico-demographic and histological data were available. Significant baseline fibrosis (METAVIR stage ≥2) and fibrosis progression (increase of ≥1 stage in subsequent biopsy) were compared between groups using univariate and multivariate analyses. Results Compared with HCV and HBV, NAFLD patients were more obese (higher BMI and waist circumference), diabetic, hypertensive and hyperlipidaemic. Significant fibrosis occurred in 55%, 43% and 20% of HCV, HBV and NAFLD, respectively. Factors independently associated with fibrosis in NAFLD included DM, elevated AST and ALT. For viral hepatitis, independent predictors of fibrosis were low platelet count (HBV and HCV), age (HBV) and elevated AST and ALT (HCV). A second biopsy was available for 96 patients with follow-up of about 4 years. Factors independently associated with progression of fibrosis were HCV infection, higher ALT and lower platelet count. Conclusions Diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for fibrosis only in NAFLD. Elevated aminotransferases and/or low platelet counts are independently associated with significant baseline fibrosis or progression of fibrosis, in patients with chronic liver disease. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Gestational diabetes insipidus: A morphological study of the placenta; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) refers to the state of excessive water intake and hypotonic polyuria. Those cases manifesting in pregnancy and referred to as GDI may persist thereafter or may be a transient latent form that resolves after delivery. Microscopic examination of affected subjects has not been previously reported. In the literature, there are various case reports and case series on diabetes insipidus in pregnancy. In this study, we present a case that had transient diabetes insipidus during pregnancy in which the placenta was examined.
Metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in South Asians; This review discusses the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in the South Asian population, evaluates conventional and emerging risk factors, and reinforces the need for ethnic-specific redefinition of guidelines used to diagnose metabolic syndrome. We reviewed recent and past literature using Ovid Medline and PubMed databases. South Asians represent one of the largest and fastest growing ethnic groups in the world. With this growth, a dramatic rise in the rates of acute myocardial infarction and diabetes is being seen in this population. Potential etiologies for this phenomenon include dietary westernization, poor lifestyle measures, adverse body fat patterning, and genetics. While traditional risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease should not be overlooked, early metabolic syndrome has now been shown in the South Asian pediatric population, suggesting that "metabolic programming" and perinatal influences may likely play a substantial role. Health care practitioners must be aware that current guidelines used to identify individuals with metabolic syndrome are underestimating South Asian individuals at risk. New ethnic-specific guidelines and prevention strategies are discussed in this review and should be applied by clinicians to their South Asian patients. © 2009 Eapen et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Obesity and pregnancy; Obesity is now the most common risk factor in pregnancy. Of all pregnant women 10 - 20 % are obese and 1 % are morbidly obese. Both primiparous and multiparous women are increasingly affected by obesity: primiparae because of the rising prevalence of juvenile obesity, multiparae because of inadequate postnatal weight reduction. Pre-conception advice and interventions to minimize maternal and fetal complications of obesity in pregnancy are of vital importance but until now are often sadly inadequate. Obesity associated complications of pregnancy, particularly gestational diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and thromboembolism put mother and child at risk. Furthermore, maternal obesity can lead to neonatal macrosomia. Therefore, the Cesarean section rate is high in obese women and vaginal delivery is more often associated with complications of delivery such as shoulder dystocia. Fetal programming during pregnancy is implicated in the development of obesity and the metabolic syndrome in the offspring. This way obesity is passed on from one generation to the next. In order to stop this vicious cycle of obesity, the primary prevention of the obesity epidemic that has taken hold of the Western world has to start in pregnancy. A range of topical issues is discussed in this book including the scientific background behind obesity and pregnancy, complications of pregnancy in the obese, and obstetric care for obese women. © 2013 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
The role of mitochondria in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes; The pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is varied and complex. However, the association of DM with obesity and inactivity indicates an important, and potentially pathogenic, link between fuel and energy homeostasis and the emergence of metabolic disease. Given the central role for mitochondria in fuel utilization and energy production, disordered mitochondrial function at the cellular level can impact whole-body metabolic homeostasis. Thus, the hypothesis that defective or insufficient mitochondrial function might play a potentially pathogenic role in mediating risk of type 2 DM has emerged in recent years. Here, we summarize current literature on risk factors for diabetes pathogenesis, on the specific role(s) of mitochondria in tissues involved in its pathophysiology, and on evidence pointing to alterations in mitochondrial function in these tissues that could contribute to the development of DM. We also review literature on metabolic phenotypes of existing animal models of impaired mitochondrial function.Weconclude that, whereas the association between impaired mitochondrial function and DM is strong, a causal pathogenic relationship remains uncertain. However, we hypothesize that genetically determined and/or inactivity-mediated alterations in mitochondrial oxidative activity may directly impact adaptive responses to overnutrition, causing an imbalance between oxidative activity and nutrient load. This imbalance may lead in turn to chronic accumulation of lipid oxidative metabolites that can mediate insulin resistance and secretory dysfunction. More refined experimental strategies that accurately mimic potential reductions in mitochondrial functional capacity in humans at risk for diabetes will be required to determine the potential pathogenic role in human insulin resistance and type 2 DM. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
Iron behaving badly: Inappropriate iron chelation as a major contributor to the aetiology of vascular and other progressive inflammatory and degenerative diseases; Background. The production of peroxide and superoxide is an inevitable consequence of aerobic metabolism, and while these particular 'reactive oxygen species' (ROSs) can exhibit a number of biological effects, they are not of themselves excessively reactive and thus they are not especially damaging at physiological concentrations. However, their reactions with poorly liganded iron species can lead to the catalytic production of the very reactive and dangerous hydroxyl radical, which is exceptionally damaging, and a major cause of chronic inflammation. Review. We review the considerable and wide-ranging evidence for the involvement of this combination of (su)peroxide and poorly liganded iron in a large number of physiological and indeed pathological processes and inflammatory disorders, especially those involving the progressive degradation of cellular and organismal performance. These diseases share a great many similarities and thus might be considered to have a common cause (i.e. iron-catalysed free radical and especially hydroxyl radical generation). The studies reviewed include those focused on a series of cardiovascular, metabolic and neurological diseases, where iron can be found at the sites of plaques and lesions, as well as studies showing the significance of iron to aging and longevity. The effective chelation of iron by natural or synthetic ligands is thus of major physiological (and potentially therapeutic) importance. As systems properties, we need to recognise that physiological observables have multiple molecular causes, and studying them in isolation leads to inconsistent patterns of apparent causality when it is the simultaneous combination of multiple factors that is responsible. This explains, for instance, the decidedly mixed effects of antioxidants that have been observed, since in some circumstances (especially the presence of poorly liganded iron) molecules that are nominally antioxidants can actually act as pro-oxidants. The reduction of redox stress thus requires suitable levels of both antioxidants and effective iron chelators. Some polyphenolic antioxidants may serve both roles. Understanding the exact speciation and liganding of iron in all its states is thus crucial to separating its various pro- and anti-inflammatory activities. Redox stress, innate immunity and pro- (and some anti-)inflammatory cytokines are linked in particular via signalling pathways involving NF-kappaB and p38, with the oxidative roles of iron here seemingly involved upstream of the IkappaB kinase (IKK) reaction. In a number of cases it is possible to identify mechanisms by which ROSs and poorly liganded iron act synergistically and autocatalytically, leading to 'runaway' reactions that are hard to control unless one tackles multiple sites of action simultaneously. Some molecules such as statins and erythropoietin, not traditionally associated with anti-inflammatory activity, do indeed have 'pleiotropic' anti-inflammatory effects that may be of benefit here. Conclusion. Overall we argue, by synthesising a widely dispersed literature, that the role of poorly liganded iron has been rather underappreciated in the past, and that in combination with peroxide and superoxide its activity underpins the behaviour of a great many physiological processes that degrade over time. Understanding these requires an integrative, systems-level approach that may lead to novel therapeutic targets.
Obesity, inflammation, and insulin resistance - A mini-review; The association of obesity, insulin resistance, and chronic low-grade inflammation has been evident for several years by now. Since obesity, insulin resistance, and inflammation all are related to aging as well, the mechanisms underlying this association are of critical importance for gerontology. Although several molecular and cellular mechanisms by which inflammatory events decrease the sensitivity to insulin in obese patients have recently been elucidated, the pathogenesis of obesity-induced insulin resistance is still obscure in many aspects. This review aims at giving a general view on the known mechanisms and summarizing the recent progress. Research currently focuses on adipose tissue inflammation as predominantly driven by adipose tissue macrophages, but also related alterations in other organs (liver, muscle, pancreas) have to be considered. Moreover, novel approaches for treatment and prevention of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes by targeting obesity-induced inflammatory processes are discussed here. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG.
Early life nutrition and metabolic programming; Research investigating the early programming of adult metabolic disease has in recent years provided much mechanistic insight into how the early environment impacts on long-term health. It includes studies addressing the roles of intrauterine nutrient availability, which is determined by maternal nutrition, maternal exposure to oxygen, toxic events, and infection; the placental interface; and also the early postnatal environment. This review will explore the epidemiological evidence for programming of metabolic disease and provide an overview of the various studies using animals to model metabolic phenotypic outcome. It will also discuss evidence for the proposed molecular mechanisms and the potential for intervention. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences.
Dietary iron restriction or iron chelation protects from diabetes and loss of β-cell function in the obese (ob/ob lep-/-) mouse; Iron overload can cause insulin deficiency, but in some cases this may be insufficient to result in diabetes. We hypothesized that the protective effects of decreased iron would be more significant with increased β-cell demand and stress. Therefore, we treated the ob/ob mouse model of type 2 diabetes with an iron-restricted diet (35 mg/kg iron) or with an oral iron chelator. Control mice were fed normal chow containing 500 mg/kg iron. Neither treatment resulted in iron deficiency or anemia. The low-iron diet significantly ameliorated diabetes in the mice. The effect was long lasting and reversible. Ob/ob mice on the low-iron diet exhibited significant increases in insulin sensitivity and β-cell function, consistent with the phenotype in mouse models of hereditary iron overload. The effects were not accounted for by changes in weight or feeding behavior. Treatment with iron chelation had a more dramatic effect, allowing the ob/ob mice to maintain normal glucose tolerance for at least 10.5 wk despite no effect on weight. Although dietary iron restriction preserved β-cell function in ob/ob mice fed a high-fat diet, the effects on overall glucose levels were less apparent due to a loss of the beneficial effects of iron on insulin sensitivity. Beneficial effects of iron restriction were minimal in wild-type mice on normal chow but were apparent in mice on high-fat diets. We conclude that, even at "normal" levels, iron exerts detrimental effects on β-cell function that are reversible with dietary restriction or pharmacotherapy.
Metabolic effects of diets differing in glycaemic index depend on age and endogenous glucose-dependent insulinotrophic polypeptide in mice; Aims/hypothesis: High- vs low-glycaemic index (GI) diets unfavourably affect body fat mass and metabolic markers in rodents. Different effects of these diets could be age-dependent, as well as mediated, in part, by carbohydrate-induced stimulation of glucose-dependent insulinotrophic polypeptide (GIP) signalling. Methods: Young-adult (16 weeks) and aged (44 weeks) male wild-type (C57BL/6J) and GIP-receptor knockout (Gipr -/- ) mice were exposed to otherwise identical high-carbohydrate diets differing only in GI (20-26 weeks of intervention, n=8-10 per group). Diet-induced changes in body fat distribution, liver fat, locomotor activity, markers of insulin sensitivity and substrate oxidation were investigated, as well as changes in the gene expression of anorexigenic and orexigenic hypothalamic factors related to food intake. Results: Body weight significantly increased in young-adult high- vs low-GI fed mice (two-way ANOVA, p<0.001), regardless of the Gipr genotype. The high-GI diet in young-adult mice also led to significantly increased fat mass and changes in metabolic markers that indicate reduced insulin sensitivity. Even though body fat mass also slightly increased in high- vs low-GI fed aged wild-type mice (p<0.05), there were no significant changes in body weight and estimated insulin sensitivity in these animals. However, aged Gipr -/- vs wild-type mice on high-GI diet showed significantly lower cumulative net energy intake, increased locomotor activity and improved markers of insulin sensitivity. Conclusions/interpretation: The metabolic benefits of a low-GI diet appear to be more pronounced in younger animals, regardless of the Gipr genotype. Inactivation of GIP signalling in aged animals on a high-GI diet, however, could be beneficial. © 2009 Springer-Verlag.
Changes of adipocytokines following acupuncture in type 2 diabetic rats; BACKGROUND: The effect of adipocytokines in morbility of type 2 diabetes is poorly understood. Many researches suggest that acupuncture has better curative effect on type 2 diabetes, how about the effect of acupuncture on adipocytokines? OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between adipocytokines and type 2 diabetes mellitus, further more, to study the effect of acupuncture on adipocytokines in type 2 diabetic rats. DESIGN, TIME AND SETTING: A randomized animal experiment was carried out at Animal Experiment Center of Nanjing University of Traditional Chinese Medicine from August 2006 to January 2007. MATERIALS: Totally 100 male SD rats, that just ablactated, with mean body weight of 50 g. The rats were randomly fed with normal diet (n=20) and hyperlipidemic diet (n=80). Diet induced obesity rats were defined as mean body weight of rats fed with hyperlipidemic diet was 20% higher than rats fed with normal diet. METHODS: Small dose Streptozotocin was injected into the abdomen of 40 diet induced obesity rats to induce type 2 diabetes mellitus models. Then 27 type 2 diabetic rats were randomly divided into the acupuncture (acupunctured Housanli, Neiting and Yishu points, one time per day), Glibenclamide [1.6 mg/(kg), 1 time per day] and model groups. After 4 weeks of treatment, 9 rats fed with normal diet were served as control group. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was examined with active blood sugar meter, fasting insulin (FINS) was detected by radioimmunoassay, and serum levels of adiponectin, resistin and tumor necrosis factor α (TNF α) were measured by ELISA. RESULTS: Serum levels of FBS, FINS and TNF α in model group were higher than that of the control group (P < 0.05, or 0.01). Serum levels of FBS, FINS and TNF α in the acupuncture group were obviously lower than the model group (P < 0.05 or 0.01), which were similar to control group. FBS in Glibenclamide groups was reduced obviously compared with model group. Serum FINS and TNF α were reduced in some degree, but significant differences was found between Glibenclamide and control groups. Serum levels of adiponectin and resistin had no significant differences between normal, model, acupuncture and Glibenclamide groups (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: No obvious relationship between serum levels of adiponectin, resistin and type 2 diabetes mellitus, TNF α may involve in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Both acupuncture and Glibenclamide can improve insulin resistance status and suppress serum TNF α in type 2 diabetic rats, especially superior by acupuncture.
The maternal and fetal impacts of obesity and gestational diabetes on pregnancy outcome; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions and is of growing concern worldwide. Adverse health outcomes associated with a raised body mass index present the greatest challenge currently facing clinicians across all disciplines. Obesity is a chronic illness which is associated with metabolic disease, nutritional deficiency, musculoskeletal complications and cancer. These obesity-related health issues extend to pregnancy where they are responsible for producing a variety of medical and obstetric complications resulting in an increased incidence of maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. Management of diet, gestational diabetes and gestational and inter-gestational weight may improve outcomes in women who are obese during pregnancy. Specific recommendations for the management of obesity in pregnancy have recently been published. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Porcine models for the metabolic syndrome, digestive and bone disorders: A general overview; The aim of this review article is to provide an overview of the role of pigs as a biomedical model for humans. The usefulness and limitations of porcine models have been discussed in terms of metabolic, cardiovascular, digestive and bone diseases in humans. Domestic pigs and minipigs are the main categories of pigs used as biomedical models. One drawback of minipigs is that they are in short supply and expensive compared with domestic pigs, which in contrast cost more to house, feed and medicate. Different porcine breeds show different responses to the induction of specific diseases. For example, ossabaw minipigs provide a better model than Yucatan for the metabolic syndrome as they exhibit obesity, insulin resistance and hypertension, all of which are absent in the Yucatan. Similar metabolic/physiological differences exist between domestic breeds (e.g. Meishan v. Pietrain). The modern commercial (e.g. Large White) domestic pig has been the preferred model for developmental programming due to the 2- to 3-fold variation in body weight among littermates providing a natural form of foetal growth retardation not observed in ancient (e.g. Meishan) domestic breeds. Pigs have been increasingly used to study chronic ischaemia, therapeutic angiogenesis, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and abdominal aortic aneurysm as their coronary anatomy and physiology are similar to humans. Type 1 and II diabetes can be induced in swine using dietary regimes and/or administration of streptozotocin. Pigs are a good and extensively used model for specific nutritional studies as their protein and lipid metabolism is comparable with humans, although pigs are not as sensitive to protein restriction as rodents. Neonatal and weanling pigs have been used to examine the pathophysiology and prevention/treatment of microbial-associated diseases and immune system disorders. A porcine model mimicking various degrees of prematurity in infants receiving total parenteral nutrition has been established to investigate gut development, amino acid metabolism and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Endoscopic therapeutic methods for upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding are being developed. Bone remodelling cycle in pigs is histologically more similar to humans than that of rats or mice, and is used to examine the relationship between menopause and osteoporosis. Work has also been conducted on dental implants in pigs to consider loading; however with caution as porcine bone remodels slightly faster than human bone. We conclude that pigs are a valuable translational model to bridge the gap between classical rodent models and humans in developing new therapies to aid human health. © 2010 The Animal Consortium.
Obesity and arterial compliance alterations; Obesity is associated with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, especially when excess body fat is distributed preferentially within the abdominal region. Obese subjects usually have increased arterial stiffness compared with non-obese subjects of similar age. The factors associated with increased arterial stiffness in obesity include endothelial dysfunction (decreased nitric oxide bioavailability), impaired smooth muscle cell function, insulin resistance, as well as elevated cholesterol and C-peptide levels. Furthermore, visceral fat, the adipose tissue-related renin-angiotensin- aldosterone system and hyperleptinaemia contribute to the obesity-associated impaired arterial compliance. Weight loss improves CVD risk factors and arterial compliance. Because increased arterial stiffness is a marker of CVD risk these findings support the concept that the presence of obesity has vascular implications. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Metformin: An important tool for endocrinology in the West Indies. New tricks for an old drug; Against the backdrop of an obesity pandemic, comes an increasing prevalence of metabolic (e.g. type 2 diabetes mellitus) and reproductive abnormalities (e.g. polycystic ovarian syndrome) mediated by the phenomenon of insulin resistance. Metformin is an inexpensive and widely available drug which partly through an insulin sensitising action has an antidiabetic action with unique cardioprotective effects and which has value in preventing progression of pre-diabetes to diabetes. Despite mounting favourable data its role in polycystic ovarian syndrome remains unsettled. The recent finding for its safety and efficacy in gestational diabetes, however, will no doubt lift concerns over its use in women in the reproductive age group. One immediate result would be its earlier and greater therapeutic application in under-resourced environments where cost and emotional barriers to insulin exist. © 2009 The Author(s).
Retinol-binding protein 4 and new adipocytokines in nonalcoholic fatty liver; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most prevalent causes of hepatic dysfunction and is highly correlated with components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Among others, nutritional factors, physical inactivity, genetic variants and visceral obesity have been identified as risk parameters for NAFLD. The complex pathophysiology of fatty liver degeneration, however, and especially the interaction between hepatocytes and adipose tissue has not been completely elucidated. Furthermore, it is not entirely understood whether insulin resistance generates fatty liver disease or vice versa. Nevertheless, adipocytokines are likely to be involved in the pathogenesis of NAFLD since they are secreted not only from adipose tissue but also from the liver. For several adipocytokines such as leptin, adiponectin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) or fetuin-A a crucial role in the development and progression of fatty liver disease has been suggested. It has been accepted that obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD. Dysregulation of adipocytokines may represent an important mechanism linking increased fat mass in obesity with the development of fatty liver disease. Here, we discuss the association of RBP4 and other recently discovered adipocytokines and their relation with NAFLD. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in the pediatric population; The metabolic syndrome is a constellation of specific anthropometric, physiological, and biochemical abnormalities predisposing affected individuals to the development of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The syndrome is well described in the adult literature. However, its description in the pediatric literature is more limited. Due in large part to the normal physiological changes that occur in children and adolescents with respect to growth and puberty, investigators have also struggled to establish a standard definition of the syndrome in the pediatric age group, hindering coordinated research efforts. However, whatever definition of the syndrome is used, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in the pediatric age group has increased worldwide. Insulin resistance is the principal metabolic abnormality that is common to the development of the metabolic syndrome in both children and adults. This review summarizes current research regarding the pathophysiology of insulin resistance and how this may contribute to specific abnormalities seen in children and adolescents with the metabolic syndrome. Specifically, insulin resistance in pediatric patients is correlated with cardiovascular risk factors such as elevated blood pressure, dyslipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus, all of which are significant risk factors for adult disease. In addition, current treatment and prevention strategies, including lifestyle modifications, pharmacologic agents, and certain surgical therapies, are highlighted. The need for collaborative changes at the family, school, city, state, and national levels to address the growing prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in the pediatric age group is also reviewed. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Pioglitazone and mechanisms of CV protection; Background and Aim: Pioglitazone has diverse multiple effects on metabolic and inflammatory processes that have the potential to influence cardiovascular disease pathophysiology at various points in the disease process, including atherogenesis, plaque inflammation, plaque rupture, haemostatic disturbances and microangiopathy. Results: Linking the many direct and indirect effects on the vasculature to the reduction in key macrovascular outcomes reported with pioglitazone in patients with type 2 diabetes presents a considerable challenge. However, recent large-scale clinical cardiovascular imaging studies are beginning to provide some mechanistic insights, including a potentially important role for improvements in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol with pioglitazone. In addition to a role in prevention, animal studies also suggest that pioglitazone may minimize damage and improve recovery during and after ischaemic cardio- and cerebrovascular events. Design and Methods: In this review, we consider potential cardiovascular protective mechanisms of pioglitazone by linking preclinical data and clinical cardiovascular outcomes guided by insights from recent imaging studies. Conclusion: Pioglitazone may influence CVD pathophysiology at multiple points in the disease process, including atherogenesis, plaque inflammation, plaque rupture and haemostatic disturbances (i.e. thrombus/embolism formation), as well as microangiopathy. © The Author 2009. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Association of Physicians. All rights reserved.
Metabolic diseases and associated complications: Sex and gender matter; Background Clinicians and health professionals are increasingly challenged to understand and consider the different health needs of women and men. The increase of gender awareness and the expanding science of gender medicine will affect more and more clinical practice. This review addresses gender-specific aspects in metabolic disorders and related complications, which represent an increasing burden of this century and a great challenge to public health. Design There is increasing evidence of gender-related differences in risk factors, clinical manifestation and sequelae of obesity and diabetes and increasing knowledge that prevention, detection and therapy of illness affect men and women differently. Results Some gender-specific aspects, especially regarding cardiovascular disease, have been studied in more detail, but for many complications sex-related analyses of the results of both clinical trials and basic science are still missing or disregarded. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism as well as dysregulation of energy balance and body fat distribution have a great impact on overall health via neuroendocrine changes and inflammatory pathways and deteriorate the course of many diseases with particular harm for women. Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for women during pregnancy. Great impact is attached to the intrauterine period and the lifelong implications of fetal programming. Conclusions Initiation of prospective studies on the impact of gender as primary outcome and investigation of gender-related pathophysiological mechanisms of chronic diseases will help to improve patient care and to implement evidence-based gender-specific prevention programs and clinical recommendations in future. © 2009 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Liver fat and lipid oxidation in humans; Background: Studies in animals show that changes in hepatic fatty acid oxidation alter liver fat content. Human data regarding whole-body and hepatic lipid oxidation are controversial and based on studies of only a few subjects. Aims: We examined whether whole-body and hepatic lipid oxidation are altered in subjects with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) compared with controls. Methods: In vivo measurements of rates of substrate oxidation and insulin sensitivity (using the euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp technique in combination with indirect calorimetry and infusion of [3-3H]glucose) were performed in subjects with NAFLD [mean liver fat 14.0% (interquartile range 7.5-20.5%), n = 29] and in control subjects [1.6% (1.0-3.0%), n = 29]. Liver fat was measured using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Plasma concentrations of 3-hydroxybutyrate (3-OHB) were measured as markers of hepatic lipid oxidation. Results: In the basal state, substrate oxidation rates and serum 3-OHB concentrations were comparable in subjects with and without NAFLD. Plasma 3-OHB concentrations were similarly suppressed by insulin in both the groups. During the insulin infusion, whole-body lipid oxidation was inversely correlated with insulinstimulated glucose disposal (r =-0.48, Po<.0001), which was lower in subjects with NAFLD [3.7±0.2 mg/(kg fat-free mass min)] than in the control subjects [5.0±0.3 mg/(kg fat-free mass min), P = 0.0008]. Conclusions: Hepatic lipid oxidation is unchanged in NAFLD. Whole-body lipid oxidation is increased because of peripheral insulin resistance. These data imply that alterations in hepatic fatty acid oxidation do not contribute to liver fat content in humans. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Metabolic Syndrome Pathophysiology: The Role of Essential Fatty Acids; Avoiding or controlling fatigue damage is a major issue in the design and inspection of welded structures subjected to dynamic loading. Life predictions are usually used for safe life analysis, i.e. for verifying that it is very unlikely that fatigue damage will occur during the target service life of a structure. Damage tolerance analysis is used for predicting the behavior of a fatigue crack and for planning of in-service scheduled inspections. It should be a high probability that any cracks appearing are detected and repaired before they become critical. In both safe life analysis and the damage tolerance analysis there may be large uncertainties involved that have to be treated in a logical and consistent manner by stochastic modeling. This book focuses on fatigue life predictions and damage tolerance analysis of welded joints and is divided into three parts. The first part outlines the common practice used for safe life and damage tolerance analysis with reference to rules and regulations. The second part emphasises stochastic modeling and decision-making under uncertainty, while the final part is devoted to recent advances within fatigue research on welded joints. Industrial examples that are included are mainly dealing with offshore steel structures. Spreadsheets which accompany the book give the reader the possibility for hands-on experience of fatigue life predictions, crack growth analysis and inspection planning. As such, these different areas will be of use to engineers and researchers. © 2010 Undurti N. Das.
Maternal plasma retinol binding protein 4 in acute pyelonephritis during pregnancy; Objective: Adipokines have been implicated in metabolic regulation and the immune response thus providing a molecular mechanism for the interaction between these two systems. Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a novel adipokine that plays a role in the pathophysiology of obesity-induced insulin resistance, as well as in the modulation of inflammation. The aim of this study was to determine whether there are changes in maternal plasma concentrations of RBP4 in pregnant women with acute pyelonephritis. Study design: This cross-sectional study included pregnant women in the following groups: 1) normal pregnancy (n=80); 2) pyelonephritis (n=39). Maternal plasma RBP4 concentrations were determined by enzyme-linked immunoassays. Non-parametric statistics were used for analyses. Results: 1) The median maternal plasma RBP4 concentration was lower in patients with acute pyelonephritis than in those with a normal pregnancy (3709.6 ng/mL, interquartile range (IQR) 2917.7-5484.2 vs. 9167.6 ng/mL, IQR 7496.1- 10,384.1, P<0.001; 2) the median maternal plasma RBP4 concentration did not differ significantly between patients with acute pyelonephritis who had a positive blood culture and those with a negative culture (3285.3 ng/mL, IQR 2274.1-4741.1 vs. 3922.6 ng/mL, IQR 3126.8-5547.1, respectively, P=0.2); and 3) lower maternal plasma RBP4 concentrations were independently associated with pyelonephritis after adjustment for confounding factors. Conclusions: In contrast to what has been reported in preeclampsia, acute pyelonephritis during pregnancy is associated with lower maternal plasma RBP4 concentrations than in normal pregnancy. This finding suggests that the acute maternal inflammatory process associated with pyelonephritis is fundamentally different from that of the chronic systemic inflammatory process suggested in preeclampsia, in which RBP4 concentrations were found to be elevated. © 2010 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York.
Extended-release niacin decreases serum fetuin-A concentrations in individuals with metabolic syndrome; Background: Fetuin-A, a liver-secreted phosphoprotein and physiological inhibitor of insulin receptor tyrosine kinase, is associated with insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and an increased risk for type 2 diabetes. However, studies on the modulation of circulating levels of fetuin-A are limited. The goal of this study was to determine the effect of niacin administration on serum total- and phosphorylated fetuin-A (phosphofetuin-A) concentrations in individuals with MetS and correlate with changes in serum lipids, insulin sensitivity, and markers of inflammation. Methods: Fifteen sedentary, obese, male participants, who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria for MetS, were treated with extended-release niacin (Niaspan) for 6 weeks. Blood samples were obtained before and after treatment with niacin. Results: Serum fetuin-A and phosphofetuin-A concentrations were decreased following niacin administration (p < 0.005). Changes in fetuin-A concentrations were correlated with changes in triglyceride (r = 0.62, p = 0.01) and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (r = 0.58, p < 0.05) after niacin treatment. Changes in high-density lipoproteins (HDL)-cholesterol following niacin intervention were negatively correlated with changes in serum fetuin-A (p < 0.05) and phosphofetuin-A concentrations (p < 0.05). Serum cortisol levels were significantly elevated after niacin administration. Conclusions: Niacin treatment lowers serum total- and phosphofetuin-A concentrations in individuals with MetS, and these changes correlate with the beneficial changes in serum lipids. Because niacin is known to induce insulin resistance, these findings suggest that fetuin-A may not be a mediator of niacin-induced insulin resistance but it may blunt the insulin resistance induced by niacin by decreasing its circulating concentrations. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Mildly abnormal general movement quality in infants is associated with higher Mead acid and lower arachidonic acid and shows a U-shaped relation with the DHA/AA ratio; We showed that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation during pregnancy and lactation was associated with more mildly abnormal (MA) general movements (GMs) in the infants. Since this finding was unexpected and inter-individual DHA intakes are highly variable, we explored the relationship between GM quality and erythrocyte DHA, arachidonic acid (AA), DHA/AA and Mead acid in 57 infants of this trial. MA GMs were inversely related to AA, associated with Mead acid, and associated with DHA/AA in a U-shaped manner. These relationships may indicate dependence of newborn AA status on synthesis from linoleic acid. This becomes restricted during the intrauterine period by abundant de novo synthesis of oleic and Mead acids from glucose, consistent with reduced insulin sensitivity during the third trimester. The descending part of the U-shaped relation between MA GMs and DHA/AA probably indicates DHA shortage next to AA shortage. The ascending part may reflect a different developmental trajectory that is not necessarily unfavorable. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolic syndrome incidence in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; This study was carried out to examine the incidence of diabetes and the factors associated with them in women five years after they were examined for gestational diabetes (GDM). Women (N=90) whose GDM status was determined (WHO criteria) delivered live babies. Of these, 90 women available for follow-up after 5 years underwent a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test and detailed anthropometry. Diabetes was determined using WHO criteria, and metabolic syndrome using IDF criteria recommended for European women. The incidence of diabetes was 7.8% and metabolic syndrome 42%. Women with MS had larger waist-to-hip ratio, skinfolds, body mass index and higer FPG (fasting plasma glucose). Our findings suggest high diabetes and cardiovascular risks in women with previous GDM. Follow-up of these women after delivery would proviće opportunities to modify adverse lifestyle factors.
Role of ectopic fat in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance; Increased total body fat and fat accumulation in the visceral compartment are important determinants of insulin resistance. In addition, particularly accumulation of fat outside adipose tissue - ectopic fat - in muscle and the liver, has been found to impair insulin signaling in these insulin-sensitive tissues. Therefore, ectopic fat has become an important marker and an interesting target in the prevention and treatment of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. While studying the pathogenesis of fat accumulation in skeletal muscle and the liver, more effort is needed to understand in greater detail the mechanisms of ectopic fat-induced insulin resistance. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd.
The role of maternal gut hormones in normal pregnancy: Fasting plasma active glucagon-like peptide 1 level is a negative predictor of fetal abdomen circumference and maternal weight change; Objective: Maternal weight in pregnancy contributes to a glycemic environment that affects fetal growth. Gut peptides (glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), ghrelin, and peptide YY (PYY)) have been related to insulin sensitivity and secretion, weight control, and adipose tissue metabolism. This study aimed at examining the associations of gut hormones during pregnancy with maternal glucose homeostasis, maternal weight, and fetal growth. Methods: A total of 55 pregnant nonobese, nondiabetic Caucasian women were examined during the three trimesters of pregnancy, and anthropometric measurements, evaluation of fasting maternal plasma GLP1 (active), ghrelin (active), total PYY, total GIP, and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test were done in them. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-R), insulin sensitivity index (ISI), and indices of insulin secretion were calculated. Fetal growth was estimated by ultrasound. Results: Fasting GLP1 increased significantly from the second to the third trimester (P<0.05). Fasting GLP1 correlated positively with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r=0.52, P=0.04). At the second trimester, fasting GLP1 levels correlated negatively with fetal abdomen circumference (r=-0.55, P=0.034), birth weight (r=-0.50, P=0.040), HOMA-R (r=-0.65, P=0.001), insulin secretion, and triglycerides. At the first trimester, fasting ghrelin levels correlated negatively with HOMA-R and insulin secretion, and positively with ISI. In backward multiple regression analysis, the first trimester GLP1 levels were the best negative predictors of the second trimester fetal abdomen circumference (β=-0.96, P=0.009). In longitudinal regression model, maternal fat and HOMA-R were the positive predictors of maternal weight change during pregnancy, and fasting GLP1 levels were the negative predictors of maternal weight change during pregnancy. Conclusions: During pregnancy, maternal GLP1 might be involved in mechanisms that compensate for the pregnancy-related increase in glycemia and insulin resistance, suggesting a role of this peptide in maternal metabolism and weight and fetal growth. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology.
Insulin resistance, the metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome; Introduction The first reports of a link between insulin and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) appeared in the 1980s. First there was the demonstration of a link between hyperinsulinism and hyperandrogenism and then, soon after, the demonstration that non-obese women with PCOS were insulin resistant. These two seminal papers opened up a whole new field of investigation exploring the relationship between what was later to be called the metabolic syndrome and PCOS. Much of the initial work in this area focused on the correlation between insulin and androgens in the circulation, with a debate surrounding the direction of causation in this relationship. A consensus view gradually emerged supporting the role of insulin as a co-gonadotrophin amplifying the effect of luteinising hormone (LH) on theca cell testosterone production. Recently, the opposing view that androgens might induce a state of insulin resistance has gained attention again. Recognition that insulin has a pathogenic role in PCOS has led to several new treatment strategies and branches of research: ∎ Addressing insulin resistance by any means has become routine in the management of PCOS. ∎ Elements of the insulin-signalling pathway have been explored as candidates for the inheritance of PCOS. ∎ The importance of PCOS in identifying individuals and family members at risk of developing type 2 diabetes has become an important part of preventive medicine. Definitions and diagnosis In clinical practice, the diagnosis of PCOS is relatively straightforward according to European guidelines. A more contentious area is the assessment of the metabolic syndrome in PCOS. Most clinical guidelines agree that an assessment of insulin status in individuals suspected of having the metabolic syndrome is not required in routine practice. If one is concerned, however, not to miss an opportunity to prevent transition to type 2 diabetes later in life, then metabolic status has to be addressed. © 2010 The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Insulin resistance in women's health: Why it matters and how to identify it; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine the significance of insulin resistance in women's health and review methods for diagnosing it. RECENT FINDINGS: Clinical phenotypes in conjunction with standard clinical biochemical assays, that is, the metabolic syndrome, remain the key method to diagnose insulin resistance in clinical practice. Candidate alleles from type 2 diabetes offer little predictive value for cardiovascular events beyond traditional risk factors. Simple environmental factors such as irregular meal frequency appear to increase the risk of the metabolic syndrome and require greater scrutiny. Pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in the mother and preterm birth in the fetus are events that suggest elevated risk for future cardiovascular morbidity in those affected. SUMMARY: Clinical phenotypes of insulin resistance identify women at risk for perinatal and reproductive complications. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Serum retinol-binding protein 4 levels in nonobese women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To test whether there was a difference in serum retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) levels between subjects with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and those with a healthy regular menstrual cycle and, in addition, to correlate serum RBP4 levels with a variety of parameters. Design: Clinical study. Setting: University hospital. Patient(s): A total of 74 nonobese women were evaluated. Thirty-seven had PCOS, whereas the remaining 37 served as control subjects. Intervention(s): Serum RBP4 levels were analyzed using ELISA. Main Outcome Measure(s): Serum levels of FSH, LH, TSH, E2, T, insulin, glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, and RBP4. Result(s): The women with PCOS had higher levels of serum RBP4, waist-to-hip ratio, LH, T, insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, cholesterol, and triglycerides. Logistic regression analyses revealed a significant association between odds ratio (OR) values of PCOS and both T (OR = 1.125; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.050-1.205), and cholesterol levels (OR = 1.029; 95% CI 1.004-1.056). Age and triglycerides were significantly correlated to serum RBP4 levels by multiple linear regression analysis. Conclusion(s): Our study has shown that [1] elevated RBP4 levels might arise from triglyceride metabolism, and that RBP4 levels might not be influenced by PCOS itself. [2] RBP4 might not be a useful marker of insulin resistance in subjects with PCOS. © 2010 American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
An islet in distress: β cell failure in type 2 diabetes; Over 200 million people worldwide suffer from diabetes, a disorder of glucose homeostasis. The majority of these individuals are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. It has traditionally been thought that tissue resistance to the action of insulin is the primary defect in type 2 diabetes. However, recent longitudinal and genome-wide association studies have shown that insulin resistance is more likely to be a precondition, and that the failure of the pancreatic β cell to meet the increased insulin requirements is the triggering factor in the development of type 2 diabetes. A major emphasis in diabetes research has therefore shifted to understanding the causes of β cell failure. Collectively, these studies have implicated a complex network of triggers, which activate intersecting execution pathways leading to β cell dysfunction and death. In the present review, we discuss these triggers (glucotoxicity, lipotoxicity, amyloid and cytokines) with respect to the pathways they activate (oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress) and propose a model for understanding β cell failure in type 2 diabetes. © 2010 Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes and Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Single valproic acid treatment inhibits glycogen and RNA ribose turnover while disrupting glucose-derived cholesterol synthesis in liver as revealed by the [U-13C6]-d-glucose tracer in mice; Previous genetic and proteomic studies identified altered activity of various enzymes such as those of fatty acid metabolism and glycogen synthesis after a single toxic dose of valproic acid (VPA) in rats. In this study, we demonstrate the effect of VPA on metabolite synthesis flux rates and the possible use of abnormal 13C labeled glucose-derived metabolites in plasma or urine as early markers of toxicity. Female CD-1 mice were injected subcutaneously with saline or 600 mg/kg) VPA. Twelve hours later, the mice were injected with an intraperitoneal load of 1 g/kg [U-13C]-d-glucose. 13C isotopomers of glycogen glucose and RNA ribose in liver, kidney and brain tissue, as well as glucose disposal via cholesterol and glucose in the plasma and urine were determined. The levels of all of the positional 13C isotopomers of glucose were similar in plasma, suggesting that a single VPA dose does not disturb glucose absorption, uptake or hepatic glucose metabolism. Three-hour urine samples showed an increase in the injected tracer indicating a decreased glucose re-absorption via kidney tubules. 13C labeled glucose deposited as liver glycogen or as ribose of RNA were decreased by VPA treatment; incorporation of 13C via acetyl-CoA into plasma cholesterol was significantly lower at 60 min. The severe decreases in glucose-derived carbon flux into plasma and kidney-bound cholesterol, liver glycogen and RNA ribose synthesis, as well as decreased glucose re-absorption and an increased disposal via urine all serve as early flux markers of VPA-induced adverse metabolic effects in the host. © The Author(s) 2009.
The impact of insulin resistance on woman's health and potential treatment options; Insulin resistance (IR) is causatively related to metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, both of which increase the risk of adverse cardiovascular events; in women in particular, severe IR affects the reproductive system causing subfertility and health problems to the mother and the fetus. To date lifestyle modification is the mainstay of treatment, whereas antiobesity drugs and bariatric surgery have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and many surrogate metabolic defects, real reduction in cardiovascular endpoints has yet to be proved. Increasing attention is being directed to the role of the central nervous system in the modulation of IR, as well as to the use of recombinant adipocytokines for IR management. The scope of this article is to cast light on the detrimental effects of IR on metabolism and the body systems in women as well as to highlight the current therapeutic approach, drugs in progress, and future therapeutic perspectives. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences.
Transient high glycaemic intake in the last trimester of pregnancy increases offspring birthweight and postnatal growth rate in sheep: A randomised control trial; Objective Investigate the effect of transient hyperglycemic intake (analogous to snacking on high glycaemic foods) in the third trimester of pregnancy on offspring birthweight and subsequent growth in sheep. Design Randomised trial. Setting University research farm. Sample Third trimester pregnant ewes. Methods Ewes were blocked on weight, age and litter size and were randomly assigned to receive oral administration of 100 ml of propylene glycol (PG; n = 51) or 100 ml of water (control, C; n = 53) twice/day. Twice during treatment, 12 ewes from each group were selected and blood samples collected to determine the glucose and insulin response to treatment. Main outcome measures At birth, blood was collected from the lambs, their body dimensions measured and body weights recorded at 0, 6 and 12 weeks of age after which lambs were slaughtered when they reached 40 kg live weight. Results Administration of PG elevated (P < 0.05) plasma glucose and insulin concentrations for 2 hours post administration compared with control ewes. Lambs (C: n = 80; PG: n = 70) born to ewes fed high glycaemic meals had higher birthweights (C: 5.01 ± 0.18 kg; PG: 5.27 ± 0.22 kg, P = 0.032), plasma glucose concentrations (P = 0.001) and ponderal index (weight/height3, P = 0.043) and reached a similar (P > 0.05) slaughter carcass weight (C: 20.0 ± 0.51 kg; PG: 20.6 ± 0.55 kg) at an earlier age (PG: 166.0 ± 13.2; C: 183.4 ± 13.8 days, P = 0.039) compared with control lambs. Conclusions Transient high glycaemic intakes in the third trimester of pregnancy resulted in heavier offspring at birth that had faster growth rates in early postnatal life. This animal model is relevant for studying the relationship between maternal diet, fetal size and the risk of childhood obesity. © RCOG 2009 BJOG An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
Circulating levels of ciliary neurotrophic factor in normal pregnancy and preeclampsia; Ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF) has been shown to decrease food intake in mouse models of obesity and to improve insulin sensitivity. It is well known that tight regulation of glucose metabolism is essential for successful gestational outcomes (e.g. fetal growth), and that abnormal insulin resistance is associated with preeclampsia (PE). To investigate the possibility that CNTF might be involved in the regulation of insulin resistance during pregnancy, circulating levels of CNTF were assessed in non-pregnant, normal pregnant, postpartum, and pregnant women with PE. Sera from healthy non-pregnant women (n = 10), pregnant women (n = 30: 1st trimester; n = 10, 2nd trimester n = 10; 3rd trimester; n = 10), postpartum women (n = 10), and patients with PE (n=ll) were studied with Western blotting. Circulating CNTF was detected by Western blotting, and the levels of CNTF in pregnant women were decreased as compared with those in non-pregnant women, and tended to decrease as pregnancy progressed. A significant decrease was found in PE as compared with normal pregnancy. Circulating CNTF might be associated with physiological and abnormal insulin resistance during pregnancy. © 2010 by Okayama University Medical School.
Gestational Diabetes Insipidus: A Review of an Underdiagnosed Condition; Objective: To review the etiology, diagnosis, and management of diabetes insipidus during pregnancy. Data Sources: A search of the literature was performed in PubMed using key word searching and citation snowballing to identify articles published in English between January 1, 1980, and December 31, 2008, on the subject of diabetes insipidus during pregnancy. Once the articles were identified, a thorough review of all results was conducted. Results and conclusions were compiled and summarized. Study Selection: We reviewed 50 studies selected using the following key words: diabetes insipidus, pregnancy, arginine vasopressin, vasopressinase. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes insipidus is underdiagnosed because polyuria is often considered normal during pregnancy. Clinicians caring for pregnant women should consider screening for gestational diabetes insipidus, because it could be associated with serious underlying pathology. © 2010 Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada.
Visfatin/PBEF and atherosclerosis-related diseases; Visfatin is highly expressed in adipose tissue (mainly by the stromal cells), but it is also ubiquitously present in most tissues. Visfatin, which plays a role in nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) biosynthesis, has been implicated in inflammatory states. Controversial results exist about the expression, circulating levels and the role of visfatin in atherosclerosis- related diseases. Most studies showed increased levels of visfatin in diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, renal and cardiovascular disease. However, other studies reported lower levels of visfatin in these diseases. The discrepancies in clinical studies may be attributed to the multifactorial regulation of visfatin. There is evidence that visfatin expression and circulating levels are influenced by fat area and distribution, inflammatory state, renal function, iron metabolism, hormones as well as several other factors. Furthermore, discrepancies and lack of correlation between commercially available visfatin assays have been reported. More research is needed to better understand the factors that control its synthesis/release and to evaluate the role of visfatin in atherosclerosis-related disease. Large studies with homogeneous populations will probably be needed to answer these questions. Whether visfatin will eventually become a therapeutic target remains to be established. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
EASL clinical practice guidelines for HFE hemochromatosis; Iron overload in humans is associated with a variety of genetic and acquired conditions. Of these, HFE hemochromatosis (HFE-HC) is by far the most frequent and most well-defined inherited cause when considering epidemiological aspects and risks for iron-related morbidity and mortality. The majority of patients with HFE-HC are homozygotes for the C282Y polymorphism [1]. Without therapeutic intervention, there is a risk that iron overload will occur, with the potential for tissue damage and disease. While a specific genetic test now allows for the diagnosis of HFE-HC, the uncertainty in defining cases and disease burden, as well as the low phenotypic penetrance of C282Y homozygosity poses a number of clinical problems in the management of patients with HC. This Clinical Practice Guideline will therefore, focus on HFE-HC, while rarer forms of genetic iron overload recently attributed to pathogenic mutations of transferrin receptor 2, (TFR2), hepcidin (HAMP), hemojuvelin (HJV), or to a sub-type of ferroportin (FPN) mutations, on which limited and sparse clinical and epidemiologic data are available, will not be discussed. We have developed recommendations for the screening, diagnosis, and management of HFE-HC. © 2010.
Metabolic syndrome in overweight children from the city of Botucatu-So Paulo State-Brazil: Agreement among six diagnostic criteria; Background. The metabolic syndrome has been described in children; however, a standard criterion has not been established for its diagnosis. Also, few studies have been conducted to specifically observe the possible existence of agreement among the existing diagnostic criteria. The purpose of the study is to evaluate agreement concerning prevalence rates of the metabolic syndrome diagnosed by six different criteria in overweight schoolchildren in the city of Botucatu-SP-Brazil. Methods. This is a cross-sectional study on 128 overweight schoolchildren. Clinical examination included anthropometry, pubertal staging evaluation, and blood pressure. Triacylglycerol, glycemia, HDL-cholesterol, insulin levels, and HOMA-IR were determined. The Kappa index, the Mann-Whitney test and the chi-square test were used for statistical analysis. Results. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome varied from 10 to 16.5% according to different diagnostic criteria. Results were similar for boys and girls and pubertal stage. Great agreement was observed among the six different diagnostic criteria for the metabolic syndrome. Conclusions. Different diagnostic criteria, when adopted for subjects with similar demographic characteristics, generate similar and compatible prevalence. Results suggest that it is possible to adopt any of the analyzed criteria, and the choice should be according to the components available for each situation. © 2010 Rinaldi et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Evaluation of concentrations of FGF-21 - A new adipocytokine in type 2 diabetes; Introduction: Fibroblast growth factor 21 FGF-21 is a newly discovered adipocytokine which may play a vital role in improvement of insulin sensitivity and pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. The aim of the study was to assess FGF-21 concentrations in the serum of patients with type 2 diabetes, in comparison to a control group, and evaluate the possible relationships between the studied cytokine and selected clinical and biochemical parameters Material and methods: The study was conducted in 64 patients with type 2 diabetes, 28 women and 36 men aged 47-70 (median age 61.5), with a median duration of diabetes of 8.5 years. In fasting serum samples, concentrations of glucose, insulin, lipids profile parameters, Creatinine, C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen, HbA1c, adiponectin, and FGF-21 were determined. The control group comprised 20 healthy persons matched for age to the study group, with no disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism: 14 women and 8 men. Results: We found significant differences concerning the medians of body mass index (BMI) 32.4 kg/m2v. 24.1 kg/m2, p < 0.001; waist circumference 114 cm v. 81 cm, p < 0.001; HDL cholesterol 42.5 mg/dl v. 62.5 mg/dl, p < 0.001; triglyceride (TG) 152 mg/dl v. 99 mg/dl, p < 0.01 in the studied group, in comparison with the control group, respectively. In patients with diabetes, median FGF-21 concentration was 239.9 pg/ml and was significantly greater in comparison to the control group: 112.6 pg/ml p < 0.01. Median adiponectin concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes was significantly lower in comparison to the control group, 7.5 ng/ml v. 9.95 ng/ml, p < 0.05. Significant correlations between FGF-21 concentrations and adiponectin (r = -0.24, p < 0.05), weight (r = 0.27, p < 0.05), glucose (r = 0.27, p < 0.05), HDL cholesterol (r = -0.26, p < 0.05), TG (r = 0.27, p < 005), and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (r = -0.28, p < 0.05) were observed. No significant correlations between FGF-21 and parameters of metabolic control, markers of inflammatory status, and insulin resistance, or the presence of vascular complications of diabetes, were noticed. Conclusions: On the basis of the conducted studies it can be concluded that the greater FGF-21 concentration observed in the examined group of patients with type 2 diabetes may result from a compensatory reaction to metabolic disturbances or tissue resistance to this cytokine. The negative correlation between FGF-21 and eGFR suggests renal elimination of the examined compound.
Age-related changes in total and regional fat distribution; Aging is associated with progressive changes in total and regional fat distribution that have negative health consequences. Indeed, a preferential increase in abdominal fat, in particular visceral fat, combined with a decrease in lower body subcutaneous fat are commonly cited in the literature. These age-related changes in body composition can occur independent of changes in total adiposity, body weight or waist circumference, and represent a phenotype closely associated with increased morbidity and mortality risk. Tissues such as the heart, liver and skeletal muscle in the elderly have increased fat deposition, which increases risk for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, aging is associated with increased fat content within bone marrow, which exposes the elderly to fracture risk beyond that associated with low bone mineral density alone. Many of the age-associated body compositional changes cannot be detected by simple anthropometric measures alone, and the influence of gender, race or ethnicity, and physical activity patterns on these changes is unclear. This review will explore some of these age-related changes in total and regional fat distribution. Consideration will also be given to the strengths and limitations associated with some of the anthropometric methodologies employed for assessing these changes. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adipokines and metabolic syndrome: Multiple aspects of a complex pathophysiological process; Due to the high morbidity and mortality of cardiovascular diseases and their relationship with basic disorders such as obesity and metabolic syndrome, the understanding of the mechanisms and processes that trigger metabolic alterations and generate such diseases, is a crucial matter. In this regard, adipose tissue and adipocytes have a crucial role in this process through the production of multiple adipokines, some of them classical and others recently described; however, until now their role is beginning to be elucidated in the middle of the complex picture of pathophysiological interactions leading to insulin resistance and the metabolic imbalance that leads to a large number of clinic complications. A group of these adipokines has clear pro-inflammatory effects, while others can be classified as anti-inflammatory, which counteract in some extent the effects of the others. When this homeostasis is broken, the originated cascade of chronic inflammation triggers insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome is developed from obesity, which in turn generates changes in adipocyte response to different stimuli. This, together with the effects of other elements, forms a complex picture of factors that need to be considered for the correct management of obesity and its comorbidities.
Serum uric acid and its association with metabolic syndrome and carotid atherosclerosis in obese children; Objective: The association between hyperuricemia, metabolic syndrome (MS), and atherosclerotic vascular disease has been reported in adults, but very little is known about this association in children. The aims of our study were to ascertain the correlates of uric acid (UA) in a sample of obese children, and to investigate whether UA is associated with carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) independently from classical risk factors including MS. Methods: We analyzed carotid IMT along with serum triglycerides, total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index (as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), alanine aminotransferase, g-glutamyltransferase, creatinine, and UA in 120 obese children and 50 healthy control children. Results: UA concentrations were significantly higher in obese children compared with controls; moreover, they correlated with the most established cardiovascular risk factors. In the group of obese children, after adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and creatinine, an independent association between UA levels and the presence of MS syndrome was observed (unstandardized coefficient, 0.044 (95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.015-0.072); P!0.01). Carotid IMT significantly increased in the fourth quartile of UA compared with that in the first, second, and third quartile (0.49 (0.46-0.53), 0.53 (0.49-0.56), and 0.55 (0.52-0.59) vs 0.61 (95% CI, 0.58-0.64); P!0.01). When multivariate analysis was performed after adjusting for age, gender, pubertal stage, creatinine, and MS (considered as a single clinical entity), or the individual components of MS simultaneously included, the association between UA and carotid IMT was significant (P<0.01). Conclusions: In obese children and adolescents, increased UA levels are associated with carotid atherosclerosis. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology.
Lipotoxicity in obese pregnancy and its potential role in adverse pregnancy outcome and obesity in the offspring; Increasing maternal obesity is a challenge that has an impact on all aspects of female reproduction. Lean and obese pregnant women gain similar fat mass, but lean women store fat in the lower-body compartment and obese women in central compartments. In the non-pregnant, central storage of fat is associated with adipocyte hypertrophy and represents a failure to adequately store excess fatty acids, resulting in metabolic dysregulation and ectopic fat accumulation (lipotoxicity). Obese pregnancy is associated with exaggerated metabolic adaptation, endothelial dysfunction and increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcome.We hypothesize that the preferential storage of fat in central rather than 'safer' lower-body depots in obese pregnancy leads to lipotoxicity. The combination of excess fatty acids and oxidative stress leads to the production of oxidized lipids, which can be cytotoxic and influence gene expression by acting as ligands for nuclear receptors. Lipid excess and oxidative stress provoke endothelial dysfunction. Oxidized lipids can inhibit trophoblast invasion and influence placental development, lipid metabolism and transport and can also affect fetal developmental pathways. As lipotoxicity has the capability of influencing both maternal endothelial function and placental function, it may link maternal obesity and placentally related adverse pregnancy outcomes such as miscarriage and pre-eclampsia. The combination of excess/altered lipid nutrient supply, suboptimal in utero metabolic environment and alterations in placental gene expression, inflammation and metabolism may also induce obesity in the offspring. © 2010 The Author(s).
The development and endocrine functions of adipose tissue; White adipose tissue is a mesenchymal tissue that begins developing in the fetus. Classically known for storing the body's fuel reserves, adipose tissue is now recognized as an endocrine organ. As such, the secretions from adipose tissue are known to affect several systems such as the vascular and immune systems and play major roles in metabolism. Numerous studies have shown nutrient or hormonal manipulations can greatly influence adipose tissue development. In addition, the associations between various disease states, such as insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease, and disregulation of adipose tissue seen in epidemiological and intervention studies are great. Evaluation of known adipokines suggests these factors secreted from adipose tissue play roles in several pathologies. As the identification of more adipokines and determination of their role in biological systems, and the interactions between adipocytes and other cells types continues, there is little doubt that we will gain a greater appreciation for a tissue once thought to simply store excess energy. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Optimal dietary approaches for prevention of type 2 diabetes: A life-course perspective; In recent years, several alternative dietary approaches, including high-protein and low-glycaemic-load diets, have produced faster rates of weight loss than traditional low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets. These diets share an under-recognised unifying mechanism: the reduction of postprandial glycaemia and insulinaemia. Similarly, some food patterns and specific foods (potatoes, white bread, soft drinks) characterised by hyperglycaemia are associated with higher risk of adiposity and type 2 diabetes. Profound compensatory hyperinsulinaemia, exacerbated by overweight, occurs during critical periods of physiological insulin resistance such as pregnancy and puberty. The dramatic rise in gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the young may therefore be traced to food patterns that exaggerate postprandial glycaemia and insulinaemia. The dietary strategy with the strongest evidence of being able to prevent type 2 diabetes is not the accepted low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet, but alternative dietary approaches that reduce postprandial glycaemia and insulinaemia without adversely affecting other risk factors. © 2009 Springer-Verlag.
Treatment of viral hepatitis in pregnancy; Viral hepatitis can be caused by the hepatitis A, B, C, D and E viruses. In the Western world, hepatitis A, B or C do not seem to influence the course of pregnancy, whereas hepatitis E infection, when contracted during the second or third trimester, seems to have a higher risk of developing into a fulminant hepatitis. Mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis A seems to be very uncommon. The majority of HBsAg-positive and HBeAg-positive mothers can transmit the disease vertically. The timing of transmission is predominantly peripartum, and newborns of HBsAg-positive mothers should receive hepatitis B immunoglobulins within 12 h of birth, with HBV vaccine at birth and 1 and 6 months later. Hepatitis C is more often a chronic disease. Vertical transmission of hepatitis C is considered to be relatively rare but high viraemia or coinfection with HIV can increase this risk. There is currently no treatment to prevent this vertical transmission and pregnancies among HCV-positive mothers should not be discouraged. Infants should be tested for anti-HCV at 1 year and followed for the development of hepatitis. Breast feeding does not seem to play an important role in the transmission of hepatitis B and C. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd.
In vivo knockdown of p85 with an antisense oligonucleotide improves insulin sensitivity in Lep ob/ob and diet-induced obese mice; Phosphoinositide 3-kinase is a key signaling intermediate necessary for the metabolic actions of insulin. In this study, we assessed the effects of in vivo knockdown of the p85 subunit of phosphoinositide 3-kinase on insulin sensitivity, using an antisense oligonucleotide, in lean mice, diet-induced obese mice, and obese leptin-deficient Lepob/ob mice. Mice were injected with either p85-targeted antisense oligonucleotide or saline twice weekly for 4 weeks. Fasting levels of glycemia and insulinemia and insulin and glucose tolerance tests were used to determine insulin sensitivity. Western blot analysis and real-time polyacrylamide chain reaction were used to assess p85 protein and mRNA expression. In vivo administration of antisense oligonucleotide resulted in 50 and 60% knockdown of liver p85 protein and mRNA, respectively, in the lean, diet-induced obese and Lepob/ob mice. This was associated with increased phosphoinositide 3-kinase activity and improved insulin sensitivity in diet-induced obese and Lepob/ob mice. Thus, p85 could be an important therapeutic target to ameliorate insulin resistance. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York.
Is defective microcirculation responsible for insulin resistance?: Part 1: Microvascular dysfunction and insulin resistance are linked: Evidences from clinical observations; This chapter describes the arguments supporting our concept that microcirculatory defects may underlie insulin resistance (IR). Vascular (patho) physiology and metabolism are vast areas subjected to many confounding factors detailed here, which are cardinal to sort the many existing contradictory reports. A thorough analysis of the epidemiological and clinical literature clearly establishes that microvascular dysfunction and IR are linked and observable very early in life, well before metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic diseases develop. In part 2 the thermodynamic, particularly microvascular effects of insulin itself are detailed and analyzed in terms of their physiological pertinence. Part 3 deals with underlying mechanisms, based on selected clinical situations. These reveal puzzling commonalities: together with cell physiology, they suggest that primary (inherited, early acquired) or secondary defects in sensing exaggerated physical forces of blood flow by the microvascular endothelial surface may be responsible. Glycocalyx and mainly caveolae, which are linked to vasomotor reactions and to insulin signalling and transport, are tentatively designed as the culprit. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Obesity Epidemiology; During the past twenty years there has been a dramatic increase in obesity in the United States. An estimated 30% of adults in the US are obese; in 1980, only 15% were. The issue is gaining greater attention with the CDC and with the public health world in general. This book offers practical information about the methodology of epidemiologic studies of obesity. The book is structured in four main sections. The first section considers issues surrounding the definition of obesity, measurement techniques, and the designs of epidemiologic studies. The second section addresses the consequences of obesity, looking at epidemiologic studies that focus on cardio-vascular disease, diabetes, and cancer. The third section looks at determinants obesity, reviewing a wide range of risk factors for obesity including diet, physical activity and sedentary behaviors, sleep disorders, psychosocial factors, physical environment, biochemical and genetic predictors, and intrauterine exposures. The final section addresses the analytical issues and challenges for epidemiologic studies of obesity. © 2008 by Oxford University Press, Inc. All rights reserved.
Dissecting insulin signaling pathways: Individualised therapeutic targets for diagnosis and treatment of insulin resistant states; Life expectancy in the developed world is increasing, but this comes with a simultaneous explosion in 'age-related' as well as 'lifestyle-related' diseases, resulting in a decline in quality of life. Three such diseases are Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which all share a common reduced cellular response to the hormone insulin (termed insulin resistance). In T2DM, insulin resistance is clearly a contributing factor to disease progression, and is associated with obesity, the single greatest risk factor for all three conditions. Current research is focused on identifying the initial molecular lesion that results in reduced sensitivity to insulin, as improving insulin sensitivity would be beneficial to the prognosis of these conditions. However, the bulk of evidence suggests that more than one molecular defect in the insulin signalling pathway can lead to an insulin resistant phenotype. This raises the possibility that individuals with the same clinical phenotype may have distinct molecular reasons for the presence of the syndrome, and that the specific lesion influences the rate and direction of progression to the associated disease. Clearly the same insulin sensitiser could be of equal benefit in each disorder, if it reversed multiple signalling problems, however we suggest that appropriate molecular diagnosis of the defect may lead to a more targeted and effective therapeutic approach. This review discusses the molecular pathology of insulin resistance in relation to T2DM, PCOS and NASH. We highlight the shortcomings of current therapies, and suggest potential novel drug targets for each disorder. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Genetic determinants of cardiovascular disease in Hispanics; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) affects many people in the United States. Compared with other population groups in the United States, epidemiologic data suggest that Hispanic Americans are at a disproportionate risk for CVD. The etiology of this disparity is complex, with genetic, behavioral, cultural, and other environmental factors acting in an independent, interactive, and/or synergistic fashion. Because many complex conditions mediate risk of CVD, including diabetes, obesity, and hyperlipidemia, genes associated with these conditions have been considered as possible contributors to CVD in Hispanics. In addition, the diversity of background and heritage within this population creates a plethora of environmental determinants that interact with behaviors, cultural practices, and genetic makeup to influence disease risk. In this review, we explore the recent literature on genetic determinants of CVD and explain that effective efforts to reduce CVD disparities in Hispanics in the United States will require an understanding of the interactions of genes, the environment, and health-related practices. © 2009 Current Medicine Group, LLC.
Adiponectin action from head to toe; Adiponectin, the most abundant protein secreted by white adipose tissue, is known for its involvement in obesity-related disorders such as insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus and atherosclerosis. Moreover, modulation of the circulating adiponectin concentration is observed in pathologies that are more or less obesity-related, such as cancer and rheumatoid arthritis. The wide distribution of adiponectin receptors in various organs and tissues suggests that adiponectin has pleiotropic effects on numerous physiological processes. Besides its well-known insulin-sensitizing, anti-inflammatory and antiatherosclerotic properties, accumulating evidence suggests that adiponectin may also have anticancer properties and be cardioprotective. A beneficial effect of adiponectin on female reproductive function was also suggested. Since adiponectin has numerous beneficial biological functions, its use as a therapeutic agent has been suggested. However, the use of adiponectin or its receptors as therapeutic targets is complicated by the presence of different adiponectin oligomeric isoforms and production sites, by multiple receptors with differing affinities for adiponectin isoforms, and by cell-type-specific effects in different tissues. In this review, we discuss the known and potential roles of adiponectin in various tissues and pathologies. The therapeutic promise of administration of adiponectin and the use of its circulating levels as a diagnostic biomarker are further discussed based on the latest experimental studies. © 2009 Humana Press.
The metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents: A clinician's guide; This article reviews the components of the metabolic syndrome, the theory behind the combined negative effects of insulin resistance and obesity and discusses the clinical utility of this concept in pediatrics. The latest diagnostic criteria for obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension in children and adolescents as well as management and prevention strategies are also discussed. Copyright © 2009 American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
Longitudinal changes of adiponectin, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in pregnant women at high risk for gestational diabetes; To evaluate, in pregnant women at high risk for gestational diabetes (GDM), the longitudinal changes of adiponectin, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and to assess their independent value as risk factors for the development of GDM. Fifty women at beginning of pregnancy were studied. Adiponectin, insulin sensitivity (homeostasis model assessment, HOMA) and lipid panel were measured at 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimesters of pregnancy. Twelve patients developed GDM. In both groups, GDM and normal glucose tolerance (NGT), adiponectin decreased from 1st to 2nd and 3rd trimesters by about 5 and 20 (GDM, p<0.05), and of about 17 and 25 in NGT (p<0.05), respectively. Values observed in NGT were similar to those of GDM (F=9.401; p=0.238). The Cox regression model identified as the strongest independent risk factor for GDM HOMA over 1.24 (R=R14.12) at 1st trimester, fasting glycaemia over 87mg/dl (RR=42.68) triglycerides over 158mg/dl (RR=5.87) and body mass index (BMI) over 27kg/m2 (RR=4.38) at 2nd trimester. Adiponectin in high-risk women is characterised by a constant reduction throughout gestation, irrespective of the development of GDM. HOMA, fasting glycaemia, triglycerides and BMI, but not adiponectin are independent predictors of GDM. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Obesity: Genetic, molecular, and environmental aspects; Obesity has emerged as one of the most serious public health concerns in the 21st century. Obese children tend to become obese adults. The dramatic rise in pediatric obesity closely parallels the rapid increase in the prevalence of adult obesity. As overweight children become adults they face the multitude of health problems associated with obesity at younger ages. The morbidity and mortality associated with obesity continue to increase. Obesity is one of the leading causes of preventable death. Complications of obesity include cardiovascular risks, hypertension, dyslipidemia, endothelial dysfunction, type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance, acanthosis nigricans, hepatic steatosis, premature puberty, hypogonadism and polycystic ovary syndrome, obstructive sleep disorder, orthopedic complications, cholelithiasis and pseudotumor cerebri. Genetic and molecular and environmental factors play an important role in the assessment and management of obesity. © 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Abdominal obesity and the risk of all-cause, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality: Sixteen years of follow-up in US women; BACKGROUND - Accumulating evidence indicates that abdominal adiposity is positively related to cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and some other diseases independently of overall adiposity. However, the association of premature death resulting from these diseases with abdominal adiposity has not been widely studied, and findings are inconsistent. METHODS AND RESULTS - In a prospective cohort study of 44 636 women in the Nurses' Health Study, associations of abdominal adiposity with all-cause and cause-specific mortality were examined. During 16 years of follow-up, 3507 deaths were identified, including 751 cardiovascular deaths and 1748 cancer deaths. After adjustment for body mass index and potential confounders, the relative risks across the lowest to the highest waist circumference quintiles were 1.00, 1.11, 1.17, 1.31, and 1.79 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.47 to 1.98) for all-cause mortality; 1.00, 1.04, 1.04, 1.28, and 1.99 (95% CI, 1.44 to 2.73) for CVD mortality; and 1.00, 1.18, 1.20, 1.34, and 1.63 (95% CI, 1.32 to 2.01) for cancer mortality (all P<0.001 for trend). Among normal-weight women (body mass index, 18.5 to <25 kg/m), abdominal obesity was significantly associated with elevated CVD mortality: Relative risk associated with waist circumference ≥88 cm was 3.02 (95% CI, 1.31 to 6.99) and for waist-to-hip ratio >0.88 was 3.45 (95% CI, 2.02 to 6.92). After adjustment for waist circumference, hip circumference was significantly and inversely associated with CVD mortality. CONCLUSIONS - Anthropometric measures of abdominal adiposity were strongly and positively associated with all-cause, CVD, and cancer mortality independently of body mass index. Elevated waist circumference was associated with significantly increased CVD mortality even among normal-weight women. © 2008 American Heart Association, Inc.
Apolipoprotein M: Structure and function; Lipoproteins in blood play an important physiological role transporting cholesterol, lipids and lipid-soluble substances to the different organs of the body. Diseases such as atherosclerosis, cardiovascular disease and stroke are associated with defects in lipoprotein metabolism. For many years, intense research has focused on the role of cholesterol in development of atherosclerosis. Cholesterol is transported in both LDL and HDL; increased concentrations of LDL-C are associated with atherosclerosis, whereas high HDL-C is considered to be protective against development of atherosclerosis. Apolipoproteins Al and B are the major proteins of HDL and LDL, respectively. In HDL, a large number of additional proteins with important functions have been identified. A late addition to the list of HDL-associated proteins is apoM, the structure and function of which are the topic of this review. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd.
Adipokine genetics: Unbalanced protein secretion by human adipose tissue as a cause of the metabolic syndrome; Subcutaneous and visceral adipose compartments act, not only as fatty acid depots, but also as active endocrine organs that undergo hyperplastic changes and significantly enhance their function in obesity. Adipokines and other proteins secreted by both adipocytes and stromal cells play a central role in peripheral insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome (MS). Minor alleles of the adipokine genes substantially contribute to MS. The most important consequence of MS is low-level systemic inflammation supported by adiposespecific synthesis of proinflammatory soluble molecules. Proinflammatory signals are secreted into the bloodstream and spread to peripheral tissues that express their receptors. The signals provided by adipose tissue stimulate the development of secondary complications of MS, including cardiovascular disorders (CVDs) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The review describes the physiological effects of adiponectin, leptin, resistin, visfatin, and apelin and the influence of the minor alleles of the adipokine genes on the development of the secondary complications of MS. © 2008 MAIK Nauka.
Effect of 6-month calorie restriction and exercise on serum and liver lipids and markers of liver function; Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and its association with insulin resistance are increasingly recognized as major health burdens. The main objectives of this study were to assess the relation between liver lipid content and serum lipids, markers of liver function and inflammation in healthy overweight subjects, and to determine whether caloric restriction (CR) (which improves insulin resistance) reduces liver lipids in association with these same measures. Methods and Procedures: Forty-six white and black overweight men and women (BMI = 24.7-31.3 kg/m2) were randomized to "control (CO)" = 100% energy requirements; "CR" = 25%; "caloric restriction and increased structured exercise (CR+EX)"= 12.5% CR + 12.5% increase in energy expenditure through exercise; or "low-calorie diet (LCD)" = 15% weight loss by liquid diet followed by weight-maintenance, for 6 months. Liver lipid content was assessed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) and computed tomography (CT). Lipid concentrations, markers of liver function (alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALK)), and whole-body inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP)) were measured in fasting blood. Results: At baseline, increased liver lipid content (by MRS) correlated (P < 0.05) with elevated fasting triglyceride (r = 0.52), ALT (r = 0.42), and hsCRP (r = 0.33) concentrations after adjusting for sex, race, and alcohol consumption. With CR, liver lipid content was significantly lowered by CR, CR+EX, and LCD (detected by MRS only). The reduction in liver lipid content, however, was not significantly correlated with the reduction in triglycerides (r = 0.26; P = 0.11) or with the changes in ALT, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, or markers of whole-body inflammation. Discussion: CR may be beneficial for reducing liver lipid and lowering triglycerides in overweight subjects without known NAFLD. © 2008 The Obesity Society.
Metformin; Metformin, the only biguanide currently available commercially, is more than an oral hypoglycemic agent, it is also a glycoregulatory drug. The molecular features of its mechanism of action are not well defined, but its main action is based on an increase of insulin sensitivity in the liver and on facilitating glucose transport in situations of hyperglycemia and insulin resistance. Metformin is currently the initial drug of choice in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without excess weight. Its use in combination with oral antidiabetic agents (sulfonylureas, meglitinides, glitazones, alpha-glucosidase inhibitors) and insulin improve its therapeutic profile. Clinically, its positive effect on glycemic control is complemented by other actions such as avoidance of weight gain and improvement of lipid and cardiometabolic risk. The efficacy of metformin has been demonstrated in studies of diabetes mellitus prevention and other indications associated with insulin resistance. © 2008 Sociedad Española de Endocrinología y Nutrición.
Ectopic lipids and organ function; Dietary intake of high-caloric high-fat diets and sedentary lifestyle lead to increased storage of triglycerides not only in adipose tissue but also ectopically in other tissues. Intracellular lipid contents in skeletal muscle and liver have been related to insulin resistance and inflammatory processes. Myocardial fat is increased in heart failure, whereas pancreatic fat could relate to insulin secretion. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. diabetes, fatty liver, heart failure, lipids, mitochondrial function.
Cardiovascular risk factors and the metabolic syndrome in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background-Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common cause of liver disease in children, is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. However, the relationship between NAFLD and cardiovascular risk factors in children is not fully understood. The objective of this study was to determine the association between NAFLD and the presence of metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese children. Methods and Results-This case-control study of 150 overweight children with biopsy-proven NAFLD and 150 overweight children without NAFLD compared rates of metabolic syndrome using Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Cases and controls were well matched in age, sex, and severity of obesity. Children with NAFLD had significantly higher fasting glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure than overweight and obese children without NAFLD. Subjects with NAFLD also had significantly lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol than controls. After adjustment for age, sex, race, ethnicity, body mass index, and hyperinsulinemia, children with metabolic syndrome had 5.0 (95% confidence interval, 2.6 to 9.7) times the odds of having NAFLD as overweight and obese children without metabolic syndrome. Conclusions-NAFLD in overweight and obese children is strongly associated with multiple cardiovascular risk factors. The identification of NAFLD in a child should prompt global counseling to address nutrition, physical activity, and avoidance of smoking to prevent the development of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. © 2008 American Heart Association, Inc.
Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 in the prediction and development of type 2 diabetes in middle-aged Swedish men; Aims/hypothesis: Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) production in the liver is inhibited by insulin, and low circulating levels are associated with the metabolic syndrome. The aim of this study was to evaluate the predictive role and change in IGFBP-1 concentrations during development of abnormal glucose regulation. Methods: IGFBP-1 levels were determined at baseline and at 10 years in an incident case-control prospective study of Swedish white men aged 35-56 years. Individuals with normal glucose tolerance at baseline who developed abnormal glucose tolerance during a 10 year period (n=355) according to WHO criteria were pair-matched to controls for age and family history of diabetes. Results: Fasting IGFBP-1 concentrations were lower in individuals who later developed abnormal glucose regulation and correlated inversely with fasting proinsulin values (r=-0.48; p<0.0001), and both were significant predictors. Individuals in the highest quartile at baseline for an algorithm incorporating fasting IGFBP-1, blood glucose, proinsulin and waist and height had a 40-fold increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes compared with the lowest quartile (95% CI 7.7-214). IGFBP-1 increased 32% (95% CI 17-49%) during the 10 years in those developing diabetes and was increased in relation to insulin levels, suggesting the emergence of hepatic insulin resistance. Moreover, elevated IGFBP-1 levels at follow-up were associated with higher 2 h glucose values during an OGTT. Conclusions/interpretation: Low IGFBP-1 predicts the development of abnormal glucose regulation and, as an inhibitor of the insulin-like actions of insulin-like growth factors, elevated levels of IGFBP-1 after the development of diabetes may also play a pathophysiological role. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Pharmacological and clinical aspects of heme oxygenase; This review is intended to stimulate interest in the effect of increased expression of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) protein and increased levels of HO activity on normal and pathological states. The HO system includes the heme catabolic pathway, comprising HO and biliverdin reductase, and the products of heme degradation, carbon monoxide (CO), iron, and biliverdin/bilirubin. The role of the HO system in diabetes, inflammation, heart disease, hypertension, neurological disorders, transplantation, endotoxemia and other pathologies is a burgeoning area of research. This review focuses on the clinical potential of increased levels of HO-1 protein and HO activity to ameliorate tissue injury. The use of pharmacological and genetic probes to manipulate HO, leading to new insights into the complex relationship of the HO system with biological and pathological phenomena under investigation, is reviewed. This information is critical in both drug development and the implementation of clinical approaches to moderate and to alleviate the numerous chronic disorders in humans affected by perturbations in the HO system. Copyright © 2008 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ agonists as insulin sensitizers: From the discovery to recent progress; An epidemic of metabolic diseases including type 2 diabetes and obesity is undermining the health of people living in industrialized societies. There is an urgent need to develop innovative therapeutics. The peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptor γ (PPARγ) is one of the ligand-activated transcription factors in the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily and a pivotal regulator of glucose and lipid homeostasis. The discovery of PPAR as a target of multimodal insulin sensitizers, represented by thiazolidinediones (TZDs), has attracted remarkable scientific interest and had a great impact on the pharmaceutical industry. With the clinical success of the PPAR agonists, pioglitazone (Actos) and rosiglitazone (Avandia), development of novel and potent insulin-sensitizing agents with diverse clinical profiles has been accelerated. Currently, a number of PPARγ agonists from different chemical classes and with varying pharmacological profiles are being developed. Despite quite a few obstacles to the development of PPAR-related drugs, PPARγ-targeted agents still hold promise. There are new concepts and encouraging evidence emerging that suggest this class can yield improved anti-diabetic agents. This review covers the discovery of TZDs, provides an overview of PPARγ including the significance of PPARγ as a drug target, describes the current status of a wide variety of novel PPAR ligands including PPAR dual and pan agonists and selective PPARγ modulators (SPPARγMs), and highlights new approaches for identifying agents targeting PPARγ in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Decreased gene expression of insulin signaling genes in insulin sensitive tissues of obese cats; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) animal models have provided ample opportunity for investigating pathogenesis, as well as to evaluate novel treatment and prevention options for the disease. Because the domestic cat shares a similar environment with humans, it is also confronted with many similar risk factors for diabetes, such as physical inactivity and obesity. Obesity is a significant risk factor for diabetes in cats, and as such, the domestic cat may serve as an ideal model for investigating obesity induced insulin resistance. This study determined changes in insulin signaling genes within insulin sensitive tissues of obese felines. Quantitative RT-PCR was performed to determine mRNA levels of three important insulin signaling genes which have been implicated with insulin resistance: insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1, IRS-2, and phosphatidylinositol 3′-kinase (PI3-K) p85α. Obese cats had significantly lower IRS-2 and PI3-K p85α mRNA levels in liver and skeletal muscle as compared to control cats. This down regulation of insulin signaling genes in obese cats mirrors that of obese humans and rodents suffering from insulin resistance. Interestingly, preprandial blood tests indicated that our obese cats were no different from control cats with regards to glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, thus indicating that the obese cats used in our study had a moderate level of obesity. Therefore, insulin signaling gene alterations were occurring in insulin sensitive tissues of moderately obese felines before glucose intolerance was clinically evident. As such, the monitoring of key insulin signaling genes may have some important diagnostic value to determine the risk level and degree of obesity induced insulin resistance. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2008.
Botanical Treatment for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; This chapter presents information on treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) by use of botanicals. PCOS in mentioned to be the most common endocrine disease in young women and the most common cause of anovulatory infertility. A table is presented that summarizes the potential benefits of botanicals in PCOS. The various disorders associated with PCOS are discussed which include anovulation, obesity, dyslipidemia and inflammation. The botanical treatment for ovarian disorders due to PCOS is given namely: N-acetyl cysteine (NAC) which is an antioxidant, d Chiro-inositol, chaste berry, etc. The treatments for insulin resistance in PCOS include cinnamon, gymnema, quercetin and white peony. Management of dyslipidemia in PCOS by use of botanicals consists of red rice yeast, curcumin and d Chiro-inositol. PCOS patients are mentioned to be at risk for cardiovascular diseases. The circulating C-reactive protein, interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor are the inflammatory markers for cardiovascular diseases and PCOS patients have higher inflammatory markers in the circulation. The use of fish or flax seed oils is mentioned to reduce inflammation in PCOS. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Iron perturbations in human non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): Clinical relevance and molecular mechanisms; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the insulin resistance syndrome and thus a frequent cause of elevated liver enzymes. The term "insulin-resistance associated hepatic iron overload syndrome (IR-HIOS)" has been coined to describe the frequent association of hepatic steatosis with increased levels of serum ferritin, normal or slightly elevated transferrin saturation and mild hepatic iron deposition. There is mounting evidence that increased iron stores in insulin resistance are associated with an unfavorable course of the disease and an increased prevalence of associated conditions such as diabetes, hypertension or cardiovascular disease. Iron depletion via phlebotomy has been demonstrated to improve several aspects of the insulin-resistance syndrome. Multiple interactions have been observed between molecules of iron and glucose metabolism. On a molecular level, impaired iron export has been demonstrated to be the principal mechanism of iron accumulation in fatty liver disease. Obesity-related inflammation, low ferroxidase activity associated with low copper bioavailability and decreased expression of the iron export molecule ferroportein have so far been identified as contributors to increased iron accumulation in human NAFLD.
Hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype and associated lifestyle factors in a National Population of Youths: CASPIAN study; The objectives of the current study, that is the first of its kind, were to determine the prevalence of the hypertriglyceridemic waist (HW) phenotype in a nationally representative sample of children, as well as the metabolic risk factors identified by HW, and to identify lifestyle habits related to this phenotype. This national survey was conducted on 4811 representative school-students. We assessed the sensitivity and specificity of the HW phenotype for abnormal anthropometric and biochemical factors by using receiver operator characteristic curves. We determined the association of dietary patterns (obtained by factor analysis), physical activity level and some environmental factors with the HW phenotype. Overall, 8.52% of participants had the HW phenotype. Those children with the HW phenotype were more likely to have cardiovascular risk factors, notably for overweight and hypercholesterolemia. The dietary pattern characterized by junk foods increased the odds of having the HW phenotype, OR = 1.426 (95r%CI, 1.109, 1.892), whereas the other dietary pattern including healthy foods decreased this odds, OR = 0.874 (95%CI, 0.765, 0.998). The risk of the HW phenotype rose with the consumption of solid hydrogenated fat as well as white-flour bread. Low education of parents and a positive family history of diabetes mellitus, obesity and or premature cardiovascular disease were the other risk factors for the HW phenotype. Low levels of physical activity significantly increased the risk of having the HW phenotype. The HW phenotype can be used as an accurate and easy tool for screening children at metabolic risk in population-based studies. © The Author [2007]. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
The metabolic syndrome; The "metabolic syndrome" (MetS) is a clustering of components that reflect overnutrition, sedentary lifestyles, and resultant excess adiposity. The MetS includes the clustering of abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and elevated blood pressure and is associated with other comorbidities including the prothrombotic state, proinflammatory state, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and reproductive disorders. Because the MetS is a cluster of different conditions, and not a single disease, the development of multiple concurrent definitions has resulted. The prevalence of the MetS is increasing to epidemic proportions not only in the United States and the remainder of the urbanized world but also in developing nations. Most studies show that the MetS is associated with an approximate doubling of cardiovascular disease risk and a 5-fold increased risk for incident type 2 diabetes mellitus. Although it is unclear whether there is a unifying pathophysiological mechanism resulting in the MetS, abdominal adiposity and insulin resistance appear to be central to the MetS and its individual components. Lifestyle modification and weight loss should, therefore, be at the core of treating or preventing the MetS and its components. In addition, there is a general consensus that other cardiac risk factors should be aggressively managed in individuals with the MetS. Finally, in 2008 the MetS is an evolving concept that continues to be data driven and evidence based with revisions forthcoming. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society.
Targeting the AMPK pathway for the treatment of type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is one of the fastest growing public health problems worldwide, resulting from both genetic factors and inadequate adaptation to environmental changes. It is characterized by abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism due in part to resistance to the actions of insulin in skeletal muscle, liver and fat. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a phylogenetically conserved serine/threonine protein kinase, acts as an integrator of regulatory signals monitoring systemic and cellular energy status. The growing realization that AMPK regulates the coordination of anabolic and catabolic metabolic processes represents an attractive concept for type 2 diabetes therapy. Recent findings showing that pharmacological activation of AMPK improves blood glucose homeostasis, lipid profile and blood pressure in insulin-resistant rodents suggest that this kinase could be a novel therapeutic target in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Consistent with these results, physical exercise and major classes of antidiabetic drugs have recently been reported to activate AMPK. In the present review, we update these topics and discuss the concept of targeting the AMPK pathway for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Hypothesis: Could excessive fructose intake and uric acid cause type 2 diabetes?; We propose that excessive fructose intake (>50 g/d) may be one of the underlying etiologies of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. The primary sources of fructose are sugar (sucrose) and high fructose corn syrup. First, fructose intake correlates closely with the rate of diabetes worldwide. Second, unlike other sugars, the ingestion of excessive fructose induces features of metabolic syndrome in both laboratory animals and humans. Third, fructose appears to mediate the metabolic syndrome in part by raising uric acid, and there are now extensive experimental and clinical data supporting uric acid in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome. Fourth, environmental and genetic considerations provide a potential explanation of why certain groups might be more susceptible to developing diabetes. Finally, we discuss the counterarguments associated with the hypothesis and a potential explanation for these findings. If diabetes might result from excessive intake of fructose, then simple public health measures could have a major impact on improving the overall health of our populace. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Metabolic and cardiovascular consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder affecting 5-10% of reproductive aged women, about 1 out of 15 women worldwide. Traditionally it was considered as a reproductive disorder showing hyperandrogenism, chronic anovulation and infertility; it is now well accepted that PCOS represents a "multifaceted" syndrome with substantial metabolic and cardiovascular long term consequences. Several PCOS women present abdominal adiposity (visceral fat) with a level of peripheral insulin resistance (IR), similar to that present in women with type 2 diabetes, in association with an increased incidence of impaired glucose tolerance. Several cardiovascular risk factors are often related to metabolic alterations, such as dyslipidemia, hypertension, endothelial dysfunction, low grade chronic inflammation, that are present even at early age in PCOS women. Pathogenetic mechanisms of these impairments are not completely clarified yet, but IR appears to play a critical role, such as the key factor linking hypertension, glucose intolerance, obesity, lipid abnormalities and coronary artery disease. In conclusion, although increased incidence of metabolic abnormalities and metabolic disease like type 2 diabetes, and several cardiovascular abnormalities have been widely demonstrated in PCOS women, larger and multicenter trials of long term cardiovascular outcomes are required to better define the incidence of cardiovascular risk and cardiovascular disease in PCOS.
Intensive Approaches to the Treatment of Pediatric and Adolescent Obesity; Lifestyle modication (diet and exercise) is and remains the cornerstone of pediatric obesity therapy; nonetheless, the number of studies that demonstrate efcacy in the clinical realm are exceedingly few (Center for Weight and Health, 2001). It has been suggested that “intensive therapy,” including pharmacotherapy, be reserved for 2-to 7-year-old children with a body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to the 95th percentile with secondary complications (e.g., hypertension, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, sleep apnea), children older than 7 years of age with a BMI between the 85th and 95th percentiles with secondary complications, and children older than 7 years of age with a BMI greater than the 95th percentile, regardless of complications (Barlow & Dietz, 1998; Cuttler, Whittaker, & Kodish, 2005; Speiser et al., 2005; Yanovski, 2001). Unfortunately the percentage of children who meet these criteria is increasing with each successive year, making prevention the highest priority, with safe and effective pediatric pharmacotherapy and surgery a close second. © 2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Obesity and the metabolic syndrome in developing countries; Context: Prevalence of obesity and the metabolic syndrome is rapidly increasing in developing countries, leading to increased morbidity and mortality due to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Evidence Acquisition: Literature search was carried out using the terms obesity, insulin resistance, the metabolic syndrome, diabetes, dyslipidemia, nutrition, physical activity, and developing countries, from PubMed from 1966 to June 2008 and from web sites and published documents of the World Health Organization and Food and Agricultural Organization. Evidence Synthesis: With improvement in economic situation in developing countries, increasing prevalence of obesity and the metabolic syndrome is seen in adults and particularly in children. The main causes are increasing urbanization, nutrition transition, and reduced physical activity. Furthermore, aggressive community nutrition intervention programs for undernourished children may increase obesity. Some evidence suggests that widely prevalent perinatal undernutrition and childhood catch-up obesity may play a role in adult-onset metabolic syndrome and T2DM. The economic cost of obesity and related diseases in developing countries, having meager health budgets is enormous. Conclusions: To prevent increasing morbidity and mortality due to obesity-related T2DM and cardiovascular disease in developing countries, there is an urgent need to initiate large-scale community intervention programs focusing on increased physical activity and healthier food options, particularly for children. International health agencies and respective government should intensively focus on primordial and primary prevention programs for obesity and the metabolic syndrome in developing countries. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society.
High plasma retinol binding protein-4 and low plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with severity of glucose intolerance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Context: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in the future. The role of adipokines in women with pGDM has not been established. Objective: We investigated whether circulating adipokine concentration is associated with abnormal glucose homeostasis in women with pGDM. Design, Setting, Patients, and Main Outcome Measures: We measured the plasma concentrations of retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP4), transthyretin (TTR), and adiponectin and metabolic parameters in four groups of women who exhibited normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during a previous pregnancy (NP, n = 17), NGT afterGDM(GDM-NGT, n = 72), impaired glucose tolerance after GDM (GDM-IGT, n = 60), and type 2 diabetes after GDM (GDM-DM, n = 8). Results: Plasma RBP4 concentration was significantly higher in women with GDM-DM, GDM-IGT, and GDM-NGT than in those with NP. RBP4 concentration correlated positively with TTR concentration; fasting plasma glucose, insulin, and triglyceride concentrations; blood pressure; abdominal fat area; and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Plasma TTR concentration was elevated in women with GDM-DM compared with other groups. In contrast, adiponectin concentration was lowest in the GDM-DM group and correlated inversely with parameters of insulin resistance. Resistin concentration was higher only in the GDM-NGT and GDM-IGT groups, whereas leptin did not differ between groups. Plasma RBP4 and adiponectin concentrations were inversely correlated. Conclusions: The severity of glucose intolerance inwomenwithpGDMis associated with high RBP4 and low adiponectin concentrations. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society.
PPARγ agonists-Antidiabetic drugs with a potential role in the treatment of diseases other than diabetes; The use of thiazolidinediones (TZDs) for treating patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has been expansively increasing. Although troglitazone was withdrawn from the market, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are currently available in several countries worldwide. Insulin resistance is one of the major pathophysiological alterations in T2DM and can be decreased by using TZDs. TZDs can be used in combination with other oral antidiabetic drugs, preferably with metformin or sulfonylureas. The effects of TZDs are explained by their peroxisome proliferator activator receptor-γ (PPARγ) activating characteristics. Activation of PPARγ leads to lowering blood glucose in diabetic patients but this mechanism may also result in prevention of T2DM. TZDs due to their specific PPARγ activation can be used for reducing cardiovascular risk and even for decreasing certain cardiovascular events. In addition, TZDs are considered promising for the treatment of patients with clinical conditions other than diabetes. Some of the benefits of TZDs have been documented by randomised controlled clinical trials while others are still to be proven. TZDs have well characterised side effects, therefore the benefit-risk ratio should carefully be evaluated. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Causes and metabolic consequences of fatty liver; Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease represent a serious threat to the health of the population worldwide. Although overall adiposity and particularly visceral adiposity are established risk factors for these diseases, in the recent years fatty liver emerged as an additional and independent factor. However, the pathophysiology of fat accumulation in the liver and the cross-talk of fatty liver with other tissues involved in metabolism in humans are not fully understood. Here we discuss the mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of hepatic fat accumulation, particularly the roles of body fat distribution, nutrition, exercise, genetics, and gene-environment interaction. Furthermore, the effects of fatty liver on glucose and lipid metabolism, specifically via induction of subclinical inflammation and secretion of humoral factors, are highlighted. Finally, new aspects regarding the dissociation of fatty liver and insulin resistance are addressed. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society.
Complementary and Alternative Medicine and the Management of the Metabolic Syndrome; More than one third of the population has the metabolic syndrome. Although aspects of the metabolic syndrome (MSDR) are readily treatable with evidence-based interventions, many patients and practitioners are looking for alternatives to pills and injectables. Complementary and alternative medicine may offer patients safe and effective options to target components of MSDR. This review covers the definition, pathophysiology, epidemiology, and population-based consequences of MSDR, defines complementary and alternative medicine, and applies evidence-based principles to the discussion of a number of alternative therapies purported to treat aspects of MSDR. It is time that the medical community becomes familiar with current fads in dietary supplements and nutraceuticals and begins to use the descriptors proven vs unproven in reference to alternative therapies. The proven alternative therapies discussed herein can provide a starting point for patients to gain ownership of their disease and to make positive choices into the future to halt the effects of MSDR. © 2008 American Dietetic Association.
Maternal high-fat diet triggers lipotoxicity in the fetal livers of nonhuman primates; Maternal obesity is thought to increase the offspring's risk of juvenile obesity and metabolic diseases; however, the mechanism(s) whereby excess maternal nutrition affects fetal development remain poorly understood. Here, we investigated in nonhuman primates the effect of chronic high-fat diet (HFD) on the development of fetal metabolic systems. We found that fetal offspring from both lean and obese mothers chronically consuming a HFD had a 3-fold increase in liver triglycerides (TGs). In addition, fetal offspring from HFD-fed mothers (O-HFD) showed increased evidence of hepatic oxidative stress early in the third trimester, consistent with the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). O-HFD animals also exhibited elevated hepatic expression of gluconeogenic enzymes and transcription factors. Furthermore, fetal glycerol levels were 2-fold higher in O-HFD animals than in control fetal offspring and correlated with maternal levels. The increased fetal hepatic TG levels persisted at P180, concurrent with a 2-fold increase in percent body fat. Importantly, reversing the maternal HFD to a low-fat diet during a subsequent pregnancy improved fetal hepatic TG levels and partially normalized gluconeogenic enzyme expression, without changing maternal body weight. These results suggest that a developing fetus is highly vulnerable to excess lipids, independent of maternal diabetes and/or obesity, and that exposure to this may increase the risk of pediatric NAFLD.
Visfatin: Structure, function and relation to diabetes mellitus and other dysfunctions; Visfatin is a newly discovered adipocyte hormone with a direct relationship between plasma visfatin level and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Visfatin binds to the insulin receptor at a site distinct from that of insulin and causes hypoglycaemia by reducing glucose release from liver cells and stimulating glucose utilization in adipocytes and myocytes. Visfatin is upregulated by hypoxia, inflammation and hyperglycaemia and downregulated by insulin, somatostatin and statins. This hormone is found in the cytoplasm as well as the nucleus of cells and has been identified in many tissues and organs including the brain, kidney, lung, spleen and testis but preferentially expressed in visceral adipose tissue and upregulated in some animal models of obesity. Visceral adipose tissue is regarded to be more pernicious than subcutaneous adipose tissue. Visfatin is an endocrine, autocrine as well as paracrine peptide with many functions including enhancement of cell proliferation, biosynthesis of nicotinamide mono- and dinucleotide and hypoglycaemic effect. Visfatin, also known as a pre-B cell colony-enhancing factor, consists of 491 amino acids (aa) in human, chimpanzee, cattle, pig, rat and mouse, 490 aa in rhesus monkey, 285 aa in sheep, 587 in opposum and 588 aa in canines. Visfatin gene is well preserved during evolution. For example, the canine visfatin protein sequence is 96% and 94% identical to human and rodent visfatin, respectively. Since evidence of a direct link between visfatin genotype and human type 2 diabetes mellitus is still weak, more molecular, physiological and clinical studies are needed to determine the role of visfatin in the etiology and pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Micronutrients that decrease endogenous toxins, a strategy for disease prevention; A number of health disorders may find their cause in the formation, accumulation and damaging effect of endogenous toxins. The disorders appear to include the metabolic syndrome, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, colorectal and possibly other epithelial cancers. The identification of the endogenous toxins and the development of preventive strategies is difficult, however, as the toxins cannot be readily isolated and identified. To surmount this problem we have developed cell systems that model in vivo tissue cytotoxicity associated with known endogenous toxins and tested the relative ability of micronutrients to mitigate their cytotoxic effects. The toxins evaluated were: 1) Oxidative stress, i.e. superoxide, hydrogen peroxide, hypochlorite and nitric oxide, that can result for example from inflammatory processes such as bacterial infection and from hypoxia:reoxygenation injury of endothelial and astrocyte cells; 2) Carbonyls from the autoxidation or metabolism of unsaturated fatty acids or phospholipids to form advanced lipid endproducts (ALE); 3) Dicarbonyls from the autoxidation or metabolism of glucose/fructose to form advanced glycation endproducts; and 4) Fatty acids from fat and/or carbohydrate overload that can result in the metabolic syndrome and related disease processes. In studies of combined endogenous toxins we observed a marked synergism in the cytotoxicity of oxidative stress (H2O2) and exposure to carbonyls (associated with fructose) and increased cytotoxicity of fatty acids (polyunsaturated fatty acids). The micronutrients, evaluated and ranked for their ability to prevent cytotoxicity in vitro, included vitamins, minerals and plant-derived antioxidants and scavengers of reactive oxygen species (ROS). The results demonstrate marked differences in the ranking of the micronutrients with the different endogenous toxins. They thus suggest that mitigation studies with micronutrients could provide an assessment of the association of endogenous toxins with disease and a systematic strategy for testing the role of micronutrients on oxidative stress and disease prevention. © 2008 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
The usefulness of circulating adipokine levels for the assessment of obesity-related health problems; Because the prevalence of obesity has increased dramatically in recent years, one of the key targets of public health is obesity and its associated pathological conditions. Obesity occurs as a result of white adipose tissue enlargement, caused by adipocyte hyperplasia and/or hypertrophy. Recently, endocrine aspects of adipose tissue have become an active research area and these adipose tissue-derived factors are referred to as adipokines. These adipokines interact with a range of processes in many different organ systems and influence a various systemic phenomena. Therefore, dysregulated production of adipokines has been found to participate in the development of metabolic and vascular diseases related to obesity. The obese state is also known to be associated with increased local and systemic inflammation. Adipokines influence not only systemic insulin resistance and have pathophysiological roles in the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease, but also contribute toward an increase in local and systemic inflammation. Thus, circulating levels of adipokines can be used as high-throughput biomarkers to assess the obesity-related health problems, including low grade inflammation. This review focuses on the usefulness of measuring circulating adipokine levels for the assessment of obesity-related health problems. © Ivyspring International Publisher. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based and potential benefits of metformin in the polycystic ovary syndrome: A comprehensive review; Metformin is an insulin sensitizer widely used for the treatment of patients affected by type 2 diabetes mellitus. Because many women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are insulin resistant, metformin was introduced in clinical practice to treat these patients also. Moreover, metformin's effect has other targets beside its insulin-sensitizing action. The present review was aimed at describing all evidence-based and potential uses of metformin in PCOS patients. In particular, we will analyze the uses of metformin not only for the treatment of all PCOS-related disturbances such as menstrual disorders, anovulatory infertility, increased abortion, or complicated pregnancy risk, hyperandrogenism, endometrial, metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities, but also for the prevention of the syndrome. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Regulation of adiponectin release and demonstration of adiponectin mRNA as well as release by the non-fat cells of human omental adipose tissue; Objective: Adiponectin is an adipokine produced by adipose tissue. The present studies examined the in vitro release of adiponectin by human omental adipose tissue explants as well as the mRNA content of freshly isolated non-fat cells and adipocytes plus cultured preadipocytes and adipocytes derived from omental fat. Results: The release of adiponectin was reduced while that of interleukin-8 (IL-8) was enhanced in tissue explants from morbidly obese women. The release of adiponectin was also reduced by one-third in explants from morbidly obese diabetic women while that of IL-8 was unaffected by diabetes. The release of adiponectin was enhanced by insulin and by inhibition of endogenous tumor necrosis factor (TNFα) using etancercept. Adiponectin was released in appreciable amounts by the undigested matrix obtained by collagenase digestion of adipose tissue. The release of adiponectin by non-fat cells (matrix+SV cells) was comparable to that by the adipocytes derived from the same amount of tissue while the adiponectin mRNA content of the pooled matrix and SV cell fractions was 40% of that in intact tissue. The adiponectin mRNA content was 48-fold greater in isolated adipocytes than in non-fat cells derived from adipose tissue. In contrast, the amount of adiponectin mRNA in vitro differentiated omental adipocytes was 1 × l06-fold greater than that in cultured preadipocytes while that of leptin was 3 × 10 4-fold greater. Conclusion: Adiponectin mRNA is present in the non-fat cells of freshly isolated adipose tissue and release by the non-fat cells derived from a gram of adipose tissue is comparable to that by adipocytes isolated from the same amount of tissue. While leptin is only released by mature adipocytes, adiponectin is released by both the non-fat cells and the fat cells derived from human omental adipose tissue. © 2008 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Exercise and the fatty liver; Fatty liver is an increasingly prevalent condition that is associated with several metabolic derangements, thus necessitating the development of effective therapeutic interventions. Growing evidence from cross-sectional studies suggest that physical activity may be a promising therapy for fatty liver. Unfortunately, longitudinal evidence supporting this observation in humans is sparse, as the majority of intervention studies have examined the relationship between liver fat and physical activity in conjunction with caloric and dietary fat restriction. Studies in rats demonstrate a beneficial effect of exercise on liver fat, mainly in situations of high fat feeding or obesity. Thus, the independent contribution of physical activity on variations in liver fat is unknown, but remains a promising intervention that requires further investigation. There is some evidence to suggest that both physical activity and liver fat are independent correlates of cardiovascular and type 2 diabetes risk. The relative contribution of each remains unclear, but implies that both should be considered when developing therapeutic interventions for chronic metabolic disease. © 2008 NRC.
Ethanol diversely alters palmitate, stearate, and oleate metabolism in the liver and pancreas of rats using the deuterium oxide single tracer; To determine tissue-specific effects of alcohol on fatty acid synthesis and distribution as related to functional changes in triglyceride transport and membrane formation. METHODS: Tissue fatty acid profile and de novo lipogenesis were determined in adult male Wistar rats after 5 weeks of ethanol feeding using deuterated water and gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. Liver and pancreas fatty acid profiles and new synthesis fractions were compared with those from control rats on an isocaloric diet. RESULTS: Fatty acid ratios in the liver indicated that there was a more than 2-fold accumulation of stearate to that of palmitate, with an apparent decrease in oleate content. On the other hand, in the pancreas, there was a 17% decrease in the stearate-to-palmitate ratio, whereas the oleate-to-palmitate ratio was increased by 30%. The fractions of deuterium-labeled palmitate and stearate were substantially reduced in the liver and pancreas of the alcohol-treated animals. Deuterium labeling of oleate was reduced in the liver but not in the pancreas, consistent with the oleate/stearate ratios in these tissues. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term alcohol exposure results in opposite effects on the desaturase activity in the liver and pancreas, limiting fatty acid transport in the liver but promoting the exocrine function of the pancreas. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Do Dietary Modifications Made Prior to Pubertal Maturation Have the Potential to Decrease Obesity Later in Life? A Developmental Perspective; Dietary intake is an important contributor to the obesity epidemic in children and adults, but the long-term effects of dietary interventions after obesity has occurred are modest at best. Childhood obesity significantly increases the risk of adult obesity. It has been suggested that prior to puberty, the interaction of physiological and dietary intake factors greatly affects overall trajectory of weight gain of the life course. This review article summarizes research on the role of diet on weight and metabolic outcomes, and it suggests how dietary interventions prior to puberty may decrease the prevalence of obesity life span. Specifically, presented literature examines dietary intake in early life and through the pubertal transition, as well as the role of macro- and micronutrients in mechanisms that influence fat accumulation and storage. The evidence suggests that multiple early life periods for dietary interventions could have a cumulative effect on optimizing tissue partitioning and limiting excessive fat accumulation into adulthood. Prior to the pubertal transition, it appears that improving diet quality in the context of energy balance may also be a key strategy for preventing current and future obesity. © 2009, SAGE Publications. All rights reserved.
Recent and emerging anti-diabetes targets; Diabetes is a disease that affects over 150 million people worldwide for which there are multiple oral and injectable medications. Because of trends in obesity and sedentary lifestyles, diabetes rates in both developed and developing countries are increasing at an alarming rate. Current medications are not adequately effective in maintaining long-term glycemic control in most patients, even when used in combination, leaving diabetics susceptible to developing life threatening and debilitating complications such as cardiovascular disease, blindness, kidney complications, and amputations. Consequently, there is a critical need for more potent pharmacotherapies with novel mechanisms of action. A panel of 20 emerging diabetes targets is presented, and small molecule modulators for each target will be discussed. © 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Subcutaneous transplantation of embryonic pancreas for correction of type 1 diabetes; Islet transplantation is a promising therapeutic approach for type 1 diabetes. However, current success rates are low due to progressive graft failure in the long term and inability to monitor graft development in vivo. Other limitations include the necessity of initial invasive surgery and continued immunosuppressive therapy. We report an alternative transplantation strategy with the potential to overcome these problems. This technique involves transplantation of embryonic pancreatic tissue into recipients' subcutaneous space, eliminating the need for invasive surgery and associated risks. Current results in mouse models of type 1 diabetes show that embryonic pancreatic transplants in the subcutaneous space can normalize blood glucose homeostasis and achieve extensive endocrine differentiation and vascularization. Furthermore, modern imaging techniques such as two-photon excitation microscopy (TPEM) can be employed to monitor transplants through the intact skin in a completely noninvasive manner. Thus, this strategy is a convenient alternative to islet transplantation in diabetic mice and has the potential to be translated to human clinical applications with appropriate modifications. Copyright © 2009 the American Physiological Society.
Postprandial fatty acid metabolism in the development of lipotoxicity and type 2 diabetes; Insulin resistance (IR) and impaired glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) are the two primary pathophysiological abnormalities leading to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Over the past two decades, a large body of work has implicated enhanced delivery of fatty acids to non-adipose tissues in the development of both IR and impaired GSIS. As the net whole-body import of fatty acids occurs in the postprandial state, tissue fatty acid overexposure has been linked to this physiological state. Although many advances have been made in our understanding of these lipotoxic effects at the cellular level, the precise mechanisms of lipotoxicity at the whole-body level in humans during the development of T2D is still a subject of debate. Important advances continue to be made in our understanding of the mechanisms that regulate postprandial fatty acid delivery to tissues and their metabolism. This review focuses on those mechanisms and on the potential implication of their dysregulation for tissue lipotoxicity in the development of T2D. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes insipidus and intrauterine fetal death of monochorionic twins; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder. The onset is usually in the third trimester of pregnancy. We present a 24-year-old primigravida in her 35th week of a monochorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancy. The patient presented with intrauterine death of both twins accompanied by HELLP syndrome, hypernatremia and hemoconcentration. Urine osmolality below that of the plasma suggested GDI. 1-deamino-8D-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP) treatment was started with a quick response. GDI is probably the result of excessive activity of placental vasopressinase. In cases of liver dysfunction, the clearance rate of vasopressinase decreases, explaining the association of GDI with acute fatty liver and HELLP syndrome. Alert to this diagnosis, its evaluation and treatment is important.
Population-based prevention of obesity: The need for comprehensive promotion of healthful eating, physical activity, and energy balance: A scientific statement from American Heart Association Council on Epidemiology and Prevention, Interdisciplinary Committee for prevention (formerly the expert panel on population and prevention science); Obesity is a major influence on the development and course of cardiovascular diseases and affects physical and social functioning and quality of life. The importance of effective interventions to reduce obesity and related health risks has increased in recent decades because the number of adults and children who are obese has reached epidemic proportions. To prevent the development of overweight and obesity throughout the life course, population-based strategies that improve social and physical environmental contexts for healthful eating and physical activity are essential. Population-based approaches to obesity prevention are complementary to clinical preventive strategies and also to treatment programs for those who are already obese. This American Heart Association scientific statement aims: 1) to raise awareness of the importance of undertaking population-based initiatives specifically geared to the prevention of excess weight gain in adults and children; 2) to describe considerations for undertaking obesity prevention overall and in key risk subgroups; 3) to differentiate environmental and policy approaches to obesity prevention from those used in clinical prevention and obesity treatment; 4) to identify potential targets of environmental and policy change using an ecological model that includes multiple layers of influences on eating and physical activity across multiple societal sectors; and 5) to highlight the spectrum of potentially relevant interventions and the nature of evidence needed to inform population-based approaches. The evidence-based experience for population-wide approaches to obesity prevention is highlighted. © 2008 American Heart Association. All rights reserved.
Addressing overweight and obesity: Evolving to a medical consensus; Rising rates of obesity and the resultant increase in associated cardiometabolic morbidity and mortality provided impetus for a roundtable discussion by an expert panel of physicians, physician assistants, and other scientists. Panel members reached a consensus concluding that obesity itself, as defined by waist circumference and the presence of comorbidities, is a disease that should be recognized and addressed with appropriate therapy. Their consensus is based on discussion including evidence that supports obesity, particularly central obesity, best measured by waist circumference, as a risk factor for cardiometabolic diseases. Waist circumferences greater than 102 cm (>40 inches) for men and greater than 88 cm (>35 inches) for women portend high risk. The expert panel endorses three levels of options for management: lifestyle modification, pharmacotherapy, and surgery. Panel members recommend the use of antiobesity agents and acknowledge that the benefits outweigh the risks associated with surgical procedures for obesity. They also point to the need to develop risk stratification guidelines for intervention targeting obesity as a disease.
Fetuin-A and its relation to metabolic syndrome and fatty liver disease in obese children before and after weight loss; Context: There are very limited data available concerning the relationships between fetuin-A, weight status, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and features of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in obese humans, and especially in children. Objective: Our objective was to study the longitudinal relationships between fetuin-A, NAFLD, and MetS in obese children. Design: This was a 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study. Setting: This study was performed in primary care. Patients: A total of 36 obese and 14 lean children was included in the study. Intervention: An outpatient 1-yr intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy was performed. Main Outcome Measures: Changes of weight status (SD score-body mass index), waist circumference, fetuin-A, blood pressure, lipids, transaminases, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and prevalence of NAFLD (defined by liver ultrasound) were calculated. Results: The 12 obese children with NAFLD had significantly higher fetuin-A levels (0.35 ± 0.07 g/liter) than the 24 obese children without NAFLD (0.29 ± 0.06 g/liter) and the 14 normal weight children (0.29 ± 0.05 g/liter). Fetuin-A levels were independent of age, pubertal stage, and gender. Fetuin-A correlated significantly to systolic (r = 0.50) and diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.41), insulin resistance index HOMA (r = 0.28), and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (r = -0.31). Changes of fetuin-A correlated significantly to changes of insulin resistance index HOMA (r = 0.34), systolic (r = 0.31) and diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.37), and waist circumferences (r = 0.36). Substantial weight loss in 21 children led to a significant decrease of fetuin-A and the prevalence of NAFLD in contrast to the 15 children without substantial weight loss. Conclusions: Fetuin-A levels were higher in children with NAFLD, and were related to insulin resistance and to features of the MetS in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Therefore, fetuin-A might be a new promising link between obesity and its comorbidities. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society.
Challenges to glycemic measurement in the perioperative and critically ill patient: A review; Accurate monitoring of glucose in the perioperative environment has become increasingly important over the last few years. Because of increased cost, turnaround time, and sample volume, the use of central laboratory devices for glucose measurement has been somewhat supplanted by point-of-care (POC) glucose devices. The trade-off in moving to these POC systems has been a reduction in accuracy, especially in the hypoglycemic range. Furthermore, many of these POC devices were originally developed, marketed, and received Food and Drug Administration regulatory clearance as home use devices for patients with diabetes. Without further review, many of these POC glucose measurement devices have found their way into the hospital environment and are used frequently for measurement during intense insulin therapy, where accurate measurements are critical. This review covers the technology behind glucose measurement and the evidence questioning the use of many POC devices for perioperative glucose management. © Diabetes Technology Society.
Quantification of liver fat content: Comparison of triple-echo chemical shift gradient-echo imaging and in vivo proton MR spectroscopy; Purpose: To validate a triple-echo gradient-echo sequence for measuring the fat content of the liver, by using hydrogen 1 (1H) magnetic resonance (MR) spectroscopy as the reference standard. Materials and This prospective study was approved by the appropriate Methods: ethics committee, and written informed consent was obtained from all patients. In 37 patients with type 2 diabetes (31 men, six women; mean age, 56 years), 3.0-T single-voxel point-resolved 1H MR spectroscopy of the liver (Couinaud segment VII) was performed to calculate the liver fat fraction from the water (4.7 ppm) and methylene (1.3 ppm) peaks, corrected for T1 and T2 decay. Liver fat fraction was also computed from triple-echo (consecutive in-phase, opposed-phase, and in-phase echo times) breath-hold spoiled gradient-echo sequence (flip angle, 20°), by estimating T2* and relative signal intensity loss between in- and opposed-phase values, corrected for T2* decay. Pearson correlation coefficient, Bland-Altman 95% limit of agreement, and Lin concordance coefficient were calculated. Results: Mean fat fractions calculated from the triple-echo sequence and 1H MR spectroscopy were 10% (range, 0.7%-35.6%) and 9.7% (range, 0.2%-34.1%), respectively. Mean T2* time was 14.7 msec (range, 5.4-25.4 msec). Pearson correlation coefficient was 0.989 (P < .0001) and Lin concordance coefficient was 0.988 (P < .0001). With the Bland-Altman method, all data points were within the limits of agreement. Conclusion: A breath-hold triple-echo gradient-echo sequence with a low flip angle and correction for T2* decay is accurate for quantifying fat in segment VII of the liver. Given its excellent correlation and concordance with 1H MR spectroscopy, this triple-echo sequence could replace 1H MR spectroscopy in longitudinal studies. © RSNA, 2009.
The patient with polycystic ovary syndrome; Introduction Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the commonest hormone disorder of young women and, therefore, presents frequently in couples seeking to become pregnant either as a contributory factor to infertility problems or as an incidental finding amongst other causes.1,2 PCOS has many consequences for pregnancy, whether natural or assisted and it is essential that the diagnosis is made before a woman seeks to become pregnant. Even if the condition is not present as the syndrome, it is important to determine the ovarian morphology on ultrasound prior to stimulation with gonadotrophins. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adipokines and insulin resistance; Obesity is associated with an array of health problems in adult and pediatric populations. Understanding the pathogenesis of obesity and its metabolic sequelae has advanced rapidly over the past decades. Adipose tissue represents an active endocrine organ that, in addition to regulating fat mass and nutrient homeostasis, releases a large number of bioactive mediators (adipokines) that signal to organs of metabolic importance including brain, liver, skeletal muscle, and the immune system - thereby modulating hemostasis, blood pressure, lipid and glucose metabolism, inflammation, and atherosclerosis. In the present review, we summarize current data on the effect of the adipose tissue-derived hormones adiponectin, chemerin, leptin, omentin, resistin, retinol binding protein 4, tumor necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6, vaspin, and visfatin on insulin resistance.
Evidence of interaction between PPARG2 and HNF4A contributing to variation in insulin sensitivity in mexican americans; OBJECTIVE--We hypothesized that interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and variants in the promoter region of HNF4A are associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits in Mexican-American families of a proband with previous gestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-The BetaGene project genotyped PPARG2 Pro12Ala and nine HNF4A single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 473 individuals in 89 families. Members of the proband generation had fasting glucose <126 mg/dl and were phenotyped by oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests. RESULTS-Neither PPARG2 Pro12Ala nor any of the nine HNF4A SNPs were independently associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits. However, the interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and HNF4A rs2144908 was significantly associated with both insulin sensitivity (S:) (Bonferroni P = 0.0006) and 2-h insulin (Bonferroni P = 0.039). Subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had 40% higher S: I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. S I did not vary by rs2144908 genotype among PPARG2 Pro/Pro. The interaction result for S I was replicated by the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study (P = 0.018) in their San Antonio sample (n = 484) where subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had a 29% higher S I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. However, the interaction was not replicated in their San Luis Valley sample (n = 496; P = 0.401). CONCLUSIONS-Together, these results suggest that variation in PPARG2 and HNF4A may interact to regulate insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Ultrasound evaluation of visceral fat and metabolic risk factors during early pregnancy; Objective: The objective was to study the relationships between ultrasound estimated visceral fat and metabolic risk factors during early pregnancy. Research Methods and Procedures: Thirty consecutive healthy pregnant women at 11 to 14 weeks of gestation were studied. Maximum subcutaneous fat thickness (SFT) and visceral fat thickness (VFT) were successfully measured by ultrasound. Fasting plasma glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and blood pressure were measured. Insulin resistance was calculated by using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Results: VFT significantly correlated with diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.37, p = 0.04), glycemia (r = 0.37, p = 0.04), insulinemia (r = 0.59, p = 0.001) insulin sensitivity (HOMA; r = 0.59, p = 0.001), triglycerides (r = 0.58, p = 0.03), HDL-C (r = -0.39, p = 0.03), and total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio (p = 0.002), whereas SFT was significantly correlated with only diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.03). VFT better significantly correlated with the metabolic risk factors than pre-gestational BMI [r = 0.39, p = 0.03 for insulinemia, r = 0.42, p = 0.02 for insulin sensitivity (HOMA), and r = 0.49, p = 0.01 for triglycerides and not significant for the rest]. Discussion: Visceral fat thickness can be easily measured by ultrasound at early pregnancy and correlates better than BMI with metabolic risk factors. Copyright © 2007 NAASO.
Chapter 13 Phosphorylation of IRS Proteins. Yin-Yang Regulation of Insulin Signaling; Growing evidence reveals that insulin signal pathway is not static, but is rather a dynamic, flexible, and fed in by negative (Yin) and positive (Yang) regulation in response to environmental changes. Normal insulin response reflects the balance between Yin and Yang regulation acting upon insulin signaling pathway. Conceivably, imbalance between the Yin and Yang results in abnormal insulin sensitivity such as insulin resistance. IRS-proteins are insulin receptor substrates that mediate insulin signaling via multiple tyrosyl phosphorylations. However, they are also substrates for many serine/threonine kinases downstream of other signaling network and become serine phosphorylated in response to various conditions such as inflammation, stress and over nutrients. The serine phosphorylation of IRS-proteins alters the capacities of IRS-proteins to be phosphorylated on tyrosyl, therefore, able to mediate insulin signaling. The unique structure of IRS-proteins render them idea molecules to fulfill the task to sense the environmental cues and integrate them into insulin sensitivity through serine/threonine phosphorylation. This review intends to summarize the role of IRS-proteins in insulin signaling with focuses on the role of Yin and Yang regulation of insulin signaling pathway. Understanding the dynamic of these complicated regulation net work not only provide us a complete picture of what happens in the normal conditions, but also pathaphysiological conditions such as obesity and insulin resistance. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of impaired glucose metabolism in morbid obesity with hypoadiponectinaemia; Background: Increased circulating levels of cytoldnes and chemokines and decreased adiponectin levels are associated with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). As obesity is the major risk factor for T2DM it is not clear why many patients with morbid obesity remain normoglycaemic and if this protection can be attributed to a lower grade of inflammation or higher adiponectin levels. Materials and methods: Glucose tolerance of morbidly obese patients (n=2754, body mass index ≥40kg/m2) was assessed by oral glucose tolerance tests. In a case-control design we compared levels of eight immune mediators and adiponectin from patients with IGT/T2DM (n=52) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT; n=59). Gene expression in peripheral blood was determined by quantitative RT-PCR, and serum concentrations of immune mediators and adiponectin were measured by ELISA and bead-based multiplex technology. Results: About 54% of the patients in our morbidly obese cohort were normoglycaemic, while 14% were diagnosed with IGT and 32% with T2DM. There was no statistically significant difference in mRNA expression or serum levels of proinflammatory markers. Interestingly, we could demonstrate an association of NGT with higher adiponectin levels (p=0.039). Adiponectin levels were negatively correlated with interleukin (IL)-6 and macrophage chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1, but independent the other immune mediators. Conclusions: We found an association of lower adiponectin levels with IGT/T2DM, but no further increase in inflammatory markers in morbid obesity. This suggests that in addition to chronic, low-grade inflammation, adiponectin is an important factor in the development of, or protection against, T2DM in obesity. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Apolipoprotein M affecting lipid metabolism or just catching a ride with lipoproteins in the circulation?; Apolipoprotein M (apoM) is a novel apolipoprotein found mainly in high-density lipoproteins (HDL). Its function is yet to be defined. ApoM (25 kDa) has a typical lipocalin ß-barrel fold and a hydrophobic pocket. Retinoids bind apoM but with low affinity and may not be the natural ligands. ApoM retains its signal peptide, which serves as a hydrophobic anchor to the lipoproteins. This prevents apoM from being lost in the urine. Approximately 5% of HDL carries an apoM molecule. ApoM in plasma (1 μM) correlates strongly with both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and HDL cholesterol, suggesting a link to cholesterol metabolism. However, in casecontrol studies, apoM levels in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) and controls were similar, suggesting apoM levels not to affect the risk for CHD in humans. Experiments in transgenic mice suggested apoM to have antiatherogenic properties; possible mechanisms include increased formation of pre-ß HDL, enhanced cholesterol mobilization from foam cells, and increased antioxidant properties. © 2009 Birkhäuser Verlag.
Lack of association of liver fat with model parameters of β-cell function in men with impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes; Objective: Hepatic steatosis and obesity are components of the metabolic syndrome and risk factors for developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM). We studied how liver fat and body fat distribution relate to various aspects of β-cell function. Methods: In 12 men with T2DM, 10 men with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and 14 age- and body mass index-matched controls, we measured body fat distribution and liver fat by magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed to calculate insulin secretory rate (ISR) by C-peptide deconvolution, and β-cell function using a mathematical model that describes ISR as a function of absolute glucose levels (insulin secretory tone and glucose sensitivity), the glucose rate of change (rate sensitivity), and a potentiation factor. Results: Waist circumference and the various body fat compartments did not differ among groups. IGT had the highest total and late phase insulin secretion (P<0.001), whereas patients had the lowest insulinogenic index adjusted for insulin resistance (P=0.006). In spite of the hypersecretion, IGT had β-cell glucose sensitivity, rate sensitivity, and potentiation similar to controls. Liver fat content was highest in diabetic patients (P=0.004) and showed the strongest association with total and late phase of insulin secretion in the IGT group (r=0.657, P=0.039 and r=0.732, P=0.016 respectively). Model β-cell function variables showed no association with liver fat or body fat compartments. Conclusions: These data suggest that, in spite of the association of central adiposity and liverfat with T2DM risk, additional, hitherto unknown factors may contribute to β-cell dysfunction in susceptible humans. © 2008 European Society of Endocrinology.
Glitazones; Glitazones are peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma) agonists, which are predominantly expressed in adipose tissue. PPAR-gamma activation leads to enhanced expression of different genes controlling glycemic, lipidic and inflammatory homeostasis, thus reducing insulin resistance and, indirectly, improving insulin secretion. Although controlled clinical trials have shown that glitazone monotherapy reduces glycosylated hemoglobin by 1%, these drugs are indicated for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in combination with other oral hypoglycemic agents. The combination of glitazones and insulin carries a potential risk of heart failure as a result of water retention in predisposed individuals, as both drugs can produce this adverse effect. Nevertheless, the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products has approved the combination of insulin and pioglitazone, which is also included in the algorithm for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus produced in the last consensus of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes and the American Diabetes Association. Glitazones have been demonstrated to improve beta-cell function and may therefore constitute a therapeutic agent in prediabetic states. Some clinical entities in which insulin resistance plays a pathophysiologic role, such a non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, may benefit from glitazone therapy, although this indication is not currently approved. © 2008 Sociedad Española de Endocrinología y Nutrición.
Adiponectin isoform distribution in women-relationship to female sex steroids and insulin sensitivity; Little is known about the associations between adiponectin and its oligomeric isoforms with female sex steroids, and the relevance of these relationships to insulin sensitivity in women. In a cross-sectional study of 32 healthy women (12 premenopausal, 10 postmenopausal, and 10 early pregnant), we investigated the correlations of total adiponectin and the high-, medium-, and low-molecular weight oligomers (HMW, MMW, and LMW, respectively) with estrogen, progesterone, adiposity, and insulin resistance. Fat mass and serum concentrations of estradiol, progesterone, insulin, glucose, and total and isoform adiponectin were measured. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Serum concentrations of total and HMW adiponectin were highest in postmenopausal women and lowest in pregnant women. Concentrations of the MMW and LMW isoforms were not significantly different between the 3 groups. Total adiponectin, HMW adiponectin, and MMW adiponectin were negatively associated with estradiol and progesterone; but no associations between the LMW isoform and female sex steroids were observed. Fat mass and HOMA-IR were highest in pregnant women and lowest in premenopausal women. The HOMA-IR was positively associated with fat mass, estradiol, and progesterone, and negatively associated with total, HMW, and MMW adiponectin. Multivariate stepwise regression analysis revealed that fat mass explained 34% of the variance in HOMA-IR and that total and isoform adiponectin contributed an additional 10% to 15%. In the multivariate linear regression analysis, there were significant interactions of estradiol and progesterone with adiponectin or fat mass in the associations with HOMA-IR. In conclusion, there are strong negative associations of serum adiponectin and some of its isoforms with estradiol and progesterone. Female sex steroids are likely to affect insulin sensitivity through modulation of adiponectin and body fat. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic complications of obesity in childhood and adolescence: More than just diabetes; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The alarming increase in the prevalence of pediatric obesity has led to a rise in associated metabolic complications in worldwide pediatric populations. This review summarizes recent literature on detection, pathophysiology, and potential intervention strategies for the metabolic derangements encountered in the overweight pediatric population. RECENT FINDINGS: Development of metabolic complications associated with obesity during childhood track into adulthood and increase the risk for type 2 diabetes and early cardiovascular disease. Clustering of these metabolic abnormalities, which include insulin resistance, hypertension and dyslipidemia, constitutes the metabolic syndrome, which may affect up to 50% of overweight adolescents. Other serious disorders associated with obesity and insulin resistance include polycystic ovary disease and fatty liver. Family and school-based programs focusing on lifestyle modifications, as well as pharmacotherapy, have shown preliminary promise in reversing some of these derangements. SUMMARY: As the trend in pediatric obesity continues to rise, providers must effectively identify children at risk for metabolic disturbances and implement long-lasting, successful treatment regimens. Continued research into the predecessors of cardiovascular disease that begin during childhood and how they can be altered is crucial to the future health of our pediatric population. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Pregnancy and the Kidney; Normal pregnancy is associated with increases in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 40-65% and renal plasma flow (RPF) of 50-85% above non-pregnant levels during the first half of gestation. These increases are a result of reductions in both afferent and efferent arteriolar resistances without glomerular pressure change that have been demonstrated in micropuncture studies. Creatinine clearance has been found to be increased by 25% as early as the second week of gestation. In the final stages of pregnancy, RPF falls while GFR is generally maintained throughout gestation. The rise in GFR results in a corresponding reduction in plasma concentration of creatinine and blood urea nitrogen (BUN). Average plasma creatinine during pregnancy is about 0.5 mg/dl and BUN 9 mg/dl, respectively, compared to prepregnancy average levels of approximately 0.8 and 13 mg/dl, respectively. This increase in GFR can also lead to the appearance of microalbuminuria in normal pregnancies, while women with preexisting proteinuric renal disease can expect to have a dramatic increase in proteinuria after the first trimester. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Identification of appropriate patients for cardiometabolic risk management; Patients at increased risk for cardiovascular disease have a wide array of clinical features that should alert practitioners to the need for risk reduction. Some, but not all, of these features relate to insulin resistance. Multiple approaches exist for diagnosing and defining this risk, including the traditional Framingham risk assessment, various definitions of the metabolic syndrome, and assessment of risk factors not commonly included in the standard criteria. This article reviews the many clinical findings that should alert healthcare providers to the need for aggressive cardiovascular risk reduction. © 2007 MedReviews, LLC.
Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among U.S. adolescents using the definition from the international diabetes federation; OBJECTIVE -Our objective was to estimate the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome using the 2007 pediatric International Diabetes Federation (IDF) definition among adolescents in the U.S. RESEARCH DESION AND METHODS- We used data from 2,014 participants aged 12-17 years of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004. RESULTS- The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome for the period 1999-2004 was ∼4.5% (∼1.1 million adolescents aged 12-17 years in 2006). It increased with age, was higher among males (6.7%) than females (2.1%) (P = 0.006), and was highest among Mexican-American adolescents (7.1%). The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was relatively stable across the 6-year period: 4.5% for 1999-2000, 4.4-4.5% for 2001-2002, and 3.7-3.9% for 2003-2004 (P for linear trend >0.050). CONCLUSIONS - Our results provide the first estimates of the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome using the pediatric IDF definition among adolescents in the U.S. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Fructose consumption: Potential mechanisms for its effects to increase visceral adiposity and induce dyslipidemia and insulin resistance; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Based on interim results from an ongoing study, we have reported that consumption of a high-fructose diet, but not a high-glucose diet, promotes the development of three of the pathological characteristics associated with metabolic syndrome: visceral adiposity, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. From these results and a review of the current literature, we present two potential sequences of events by which fructose consumption may contribute to metabolic syndrome. RECENT FINDINGS: The earliest metabolic perturbation resulting from fructose consumption is postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, which may increase visceral adipose deposition. Visceral adiposity contributes to hepatic triglyceride accumulation, novel protein kinase C activation, and hepatic insulin resistance by increasing the portal delivery of free fatty acids to the liver. With insulin resistance, VLDL production is upregulated and this, along with systemic free fatty acids, increase lipid delivery to muscle. It is also possible that fructose initiates hepatic insulin resistance independently of visceral adiposity and free fatty acid delivery. By providing substrate for hepatic lipogenesis, fructose may result in a direct lipid overload that leads to triglyceride accumulation, novel protein kinase C activation, and hepatic insulin resistance. SUMMARY: Our investigation and future studies of the effects of fructose consumption may help to clarify the sequence of events leading to development of metabolic syndrome. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Evaluation of a compartmental model to describe non-esterified fatty acid kinetics in Holstein dairy cows; The dynamics of non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) metabolism in lactating dairy cows requires quantification if we are to understand how dietary treatments and disease influence changes in body condition (adipose reserves) and the production of milk fat. Recently, Thomaseth & Pavan (2003) presented a compartmental model (Thomaseth model), which employs the pattern of plasma insulin concentrations in humans to predict the dynamic changes that occur in the plasma concentrations of glucose and NEFA during an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT). The Thomaseth model, or at least a similar model, could have potential application to the field of energy metabolism in ruminants because it would enable the estimation of parameters that describe the rates of whole body disposition of glucose, and the production and utilization of NEFA. In this study we investigated the suitability of the Thomaseth model to describe NEFA and glucose kinetics in 10 lactating Holstein-Friesian cows given a standard IVGTT in early lactation. The Thomaseth model described the general pattern of the NEFA response and, in particular, described the downward-slope and nadir in NEFA concentrations reasonably well. However, it failed to describe the initial latency period (the period before NEFA concentrations decline precipitously), and it could not describe terminal 'rebound' plateau in NEFA concentration. Because of these inherent problems, the parameters of the Thomaseth model cannot be considered to provide accurate estimates of rates of NEFA production or utilization. It is concluded that the Thomaseth model is not suitable for describing NEFA kinetics in lactating dairy cows. © 2007 Proprietors of Journal of Dairy Research.
Impact of maternal circulating cholesterol and gestational diabetes mellitus on lipid metabolism in human term placenta; Maternal hypercholesterolemia (HC) during pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with disturbance of fetal development which may also modify key features of placental functions. In this study, we evaluated the impact of maternal hypercholesterolemia on placental cholesterol and lipid metabolism in 59 women classified in two groups according to the median concentration of plasma total cholesterol (6.42 mM). The impact of GDM was also evaluated on the metabolism of placentas obtained from 7 insulin-treated GDM and 7 non-GDM women. We showed that high maternal circulating cholesterol is associated with a significant increase in the LDL-cholesterol, ApoB-100 and triglyceride concentrations in the maternal blood. However the level of cholesterol in the venous cord blood and placenta remains unchanged in response to modification in maternal cholesterol profile. The levels of Fatty acid synthase (FAS) and SREBP-2 expressions in placenta are significantly increased in the HC group while expression of both sterol regulatory element-binding proteins-1 (SREBP-1) and HMG-CoA reductase (HMGR) are not modified. GDM is not associated with modification in the maternal lipid profile but it increases the concentration of inflammatory cytokines (IL-1β and TNF-α) in placenta which correlates with a dramatic induction of FAS expression without affecting the expression of mature SREBPs proteins. In conclusion, our study suggests that in placenta, expressions of key proteins involved in de novo lipid synthesis are affected by changes in maternal metabolism (HC and GDM) that may subsequently affect fetal development. © 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Fat in liver/muscle correlates more strongly with insulin sensitivity in rats than abdominal fat; Intrahepatic or intramuscular lipid (IHL/IML) content has been reported to be correlated with insulin resistance. Visceral fat has also been shown to be associated with insulin resistance. Thus, we investigated whether IHL/IML or visceral fat content is more closely associated with insulin resistance. Twenty Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into two groups based on regular chow diet (RCD) or high-fat diet (HFD; 40% fat). The insulin-sensitivity index (ISI) was determined by euglycemic glucose clamp study, the amount of visceral fat by computed tomography (CT), and the IHL/IML content by magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). Weight, food, and water intake, physical activity, energy expenditure, lipid profile, adiponectin, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) levels were measured. At the study end point, visceral fat, and the IHL/IML content were higher in the HFD group than in the RCD group. The IHL/IML content was more highly correlated with ISI than was visceral fat amount. Stronger correlations were also found between adiponectin or hsCRP level and IML/IHL content than visceral fat, especially in the HFD group. Furthermore, the IHL/IML content was significantly associated with the ISI in the multiple regression models but visceral fat was not. There was clear discrimination between RCD and HFD groups in scatter plots of IML/IHL against the ISI, but substantial overlap in that of visceral fat against the ISI. This result suggests that IHL/IML contents are closely related with insulin resistance or atherosclerosis and is a better metabolic index of insulin sensitivity than the visceral fat.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine impairs glucose utilization via ROS/TLR4 pathway in adipocytes: An effect prevented by vitamin e;                              Background: Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), the inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase (NOS), has been reported to be associated with glucose metabolism, but its mechanisms remain unknown. Methods: In 3T3-L1 adipocytes, we measured the effects of ADMA on glucose transport process under basal or insulin-induced condition, and examined the production of nitric oxide (NO), reactive oxygen species (ROS) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), and the expression of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). Results: ADMA significantly impaired basal or insulin-stimulated 2-deoxy- [                             3                             H] glucose uptake, and decreased the expression of insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and glucose transporter-4 (GLUT4). Phosphorylated protein of IRS-1 and translocation of GLUT4 with insulin-stimulation were also inhibited by ADMA. NO decreased, while production of ROS and TNF-α, and expression of TLR4 increased after ADMA treatment. Vitamin E reduced the effects of ADMA on glucose transport system, and on NO, ROS and TLR4. Moreover, vitamin E decreased ADMA contents by up-regulating dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase (DDAH) activity in adipocytes. Though L-arginine also increased NO level, but failed to reduce the effects of ADMA. Conclusion: ADMA significantly impairs both basal and insulin-stimulated glucose transport in adipocytes, which may relate to activation of the ROS/TLR4 pathway. © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Pancreatic fat content and β-cell function in men with and without type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Insulin resistance, associated with increased lipolysis, results in a high exposure of nonadipose tissue to lipids. Experimental data indicate that fatty infiltration of pancreatic islets may also contribute to β-cell dysfunction, but whether this occurs in humans in vivo is unknown. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy and oral glucose tolerance tests, we studied the association of pancreatic lipid accumulation in vivo and various aspects of β-cell function in 12 insulin-naive type 2 diabetic and 24 age- and BMI-matched nondiabetic men. RESULTS - Patients versus control subjects had higher A1C, fasting plasma glucose, and insulin and triglyceride levels and lower HDL cholesterol, but similar waist circumference. Median (interquartile range) pancreatic fat content in patients and control subjects was 20.4% (13.4-43.6) and 9.7% (7.0-20.2), respectively (P = 0.032). Pancreatic fat correlated negatively with β-cell function parameters, including the insulinogenic index adjusted for insulin resistance, early glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, β-cell glucose sensitivity, and rate sensitivity (all P < 0.05), but not potentiation. However, these associations were significantly affected by the diabetic state, such that a significant association of pancreatic fat with β-cell dysfunction was only present in the nondiabetic group (all P < 0.01), suggesting that once diabetes occurs, factors additional to pancreatic fat account for further β-cell function decline. In control subjects, the association of pancreatic fat and β-cell function remained significant after correction for BMI, fasting plasma glucose, and triglycerides (P = 0.006). CONCLUSIONS - These findings indicate that pancreatic lipid content may contribute to β-cell dysfunction and possibly to the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes in susceptible humans. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
Prediction of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Liver Fat Using Metabolic and Genetic Factors; Background & Aims: Our aims were to develop a method to accurately predict non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and liver fat content based on routinely available clinical and laboratory data and to test whether knowledge of the recently discovered genetic variant in the PNPLA3 gene (rs738409) increases accuracy of the prediction. Methods: Liver fat content was measured using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in 470 subjects, who were randomly divided into estimation (two thirds of the subjects, n = 313) and validation (one third of the subjects, n = 157) groups. Multivariate logistic and linear regression analyses were used to create an NAFLD liver fat score to diagnose NAFLD and liver fat equation to estimate liver fat percentage in each individual. Results: The presence of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, fasting serum (fS) insulin, fS-aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and the AST/alanine aminotransferase ratio were independent predictors of NAFLD. The score had an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.87 in the estimation and 0.86 in the validation group. The optimal cut-off point of -0.640 predicted increased liver fat content with sensitivity of 86% and specificity of 71%. Addition of the genetic information to the score improved the accuracy of the prediction by only <1%. Using the same variables, we developed a liver fat equation from which liver fat percentage of each individual could be estimated. Conclusions: The NAFLD liver fat score and liver fat equation provide simple and noninvasive tools to predict NAFLD and liver fat content. © 2009 AGA Institute.
Persistence of pre-diabetes in overweight and obese hispanic children; Association with progressive insulin resistance, Poor β-cell function, and increasing visceral fat; OBJECTIVE-To examine changes in risk factors in overweight and obese Hispanic children at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We recruited 128 overweight/obese Hispanic children with a family history of type 2 diabetes primarily from clinics in East Los Angeles. Children were evaluated annually for 4 years with an oral glucose tolerance test, applying American Diabetes Association criteria to define diabetes and pre-diabetes. Insulin sensitivity (Si), acute insulin response (AIR) to glucose, and β-cell function (BCF) were determined from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests, and total body fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT and SAAT) by magnetic resonance imaging were assessed in years 1, 2, and 4. RESULTS-No subjects developed type 2 diabetes, 40% never had pre-diabetes, 47% had intermittent pre-diabetes with no clear pattern over time, and 13% had persistent pre-diabetes. At baseline, those with persistent pre-diabetes had lower BCF and higher IAAT. In repeated measures, Si deteriorated regardless of pre-diabetes, and there was a significant effect of pre-diabetes on AIR (42% lower in pre-diabetes; P = 0.01) and disposition index (34% lower in pre-diabetes; P = 0.021) and a significant interaction of pre-diabetes and time on IAAT (greater increase over time in those with pre-diabetes; P = 0.034). CONCLUSIONS-In this group of Hispanic children at high risk of type 2 diabetes, 1) pre-diabetes is highly variable from year to year; 2) the prevalence of persistent pre-diabetes over 3 years is 13%; and 3) children with persistent pre-diabetes have lower BCF, due to a lower AIR, and increasing visceral fat over time. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Insulin resistance markers in children; The prevalence of obesity among children and adolescents is progressively increasing around the world. One of the important consequences of obesity is the development of insulin resistance (IR). This condition has a multifactorial pathogenesis and is associated with cardiovascular risk, diabetes, hypertension, polycystic-ovary syndrome and a shorter lifespan. IR during childhood may be diagnosed by physical examination or there may be clues in the histories of the patient and his/her family. When IR is suspected, tests on a blood sample (which are more reliable) are recommended. Most of the biochemical markers have been well defined in adults, but appropriate reference data for children are still lacking. Here we discuss the usefulness of various currently known biochemical markers to evaluate insulin sensitivity (homeostatic model assessment, the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, the oral glucose tolerance test, Matsuda method and the whole-body insulin resistance index), hormones (leptin, adiponectin, resistin, glucocorticoids, the insulin-like growth factor-1-binding protein/growth hormone axis, ghrelin, sex hormone-binding globulin and retinol-binding protein-4) and inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein, IL-6, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular adhesion molecule-1 and E-selectin), which can be used in the diagnosis of IR in children. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG.
Accretion of visceral fat and hepatic insulin resistance in pregnant rats; Insulin resistance (IR) is a hallmark of pregnancy. Because increased visceral fat (VF) is associated with IR in nonpregnant states, we reasoned that fat accretion might be important in the development of IR during pregnancy. To determine whether VF depots increase in pregnancy and whether VF contributes to IR, we studied three groups of 6-mo-old female Sprague-Dawley rats: 1) nonpregnant sham-operated rats (Nonpreg; n = 6), 2) pregnant sham-operated rats (Preg; n = 6), and 3) pregnant rats in which VF was surgically removed 1 mo before mating (PVF-; n = 6). VF doubled by day 19 of pregnancy (Nonpreg 5.1 ± 0.3, Preg 10.0 ± 1.0 g, P < 0.01), and PVF- had similar amounts of VF compared with Nonpreg (PVF- 4.6 ± 0.8 g). Insulin sensitivity was measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in late gestation in chronically catheterized unstressed rats. Glucose IR (mg·kg -1·min-1) was highest in Nonpreg (19.4 ± 2.0), lowest in Preg (11.1 ± 1.4), and intermediate in PVF- (14.7 ± 0.6; P < 0.001 between all groups). During the clamp, Nonpreg had greater hepatic insulin sensitivity than Preg [hepatic glucose production (HGP): Nonpreg 4.5 ± 1.3, Preg 9.3 ± 0.5 mg·kg -1·min-1; P < 0.001]. With decreased VF, hepatic insulin sensitivity was similar to nonpregnant levels in PVF- (HGP 4.9 ± 0.8 mg·kg-1·min-1). Both pregnant groups had lower peripheral glucose uptake compared with Nonpreg. In parallel with hepatic insulin sensitivity, hepatic triglyceride content was increased in pregnancy (Nonpreg 1.9 ± 0.4 vs. Preg 3.2 ± 0.3 mg/g) and decreased with removal of VF (PVF- 1.3 ± 0.4 mg/g; P < 0.05). Accretion of visceral fat is an important component in the development of hepatic IR in pregnancy, and accumulation of hepatic triglycerides is a mechanism by which visceral fat may modulate insulin action in pregnancy. Copyright © 2008 the American Physiological Society.
Insulin resistance: A proinflammatory state mediated by lipid-induced signaling dysfunction and involved in atherosclerotic plaque instability; The dysregulation of the insulin-glucose axis represents the crucial event in insulin resistance syndrome. Insulin resistance increases atherogenesis and atherosclerotic plaque instability by inducing proinflammatory activities on vascular and immune cells. This condition characterizes several diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), impaired fasting glucose (IFG), obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and other endocrinopathies, but also cancer. Recent studies suggest that the pathophysiology of insulin resistance is closely related to interferences with insulin-mediated intracellular signaling on skeletal muscle cells, hepatocytes, and adipocytes. Strong evidence supports the role of free fatty acids (FFAs) in promoting insulin resistance. The FFA-induced activation of protein kinase C (PKC) delta, inhibitor kappaB kinase (IKK), or c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) modulates insulin-triggered intracellular pathway (classically known as PI3-K-dependent). Therefore, reduction of FFA levels represents a selective target for modulating insulin resistance. Copyright © 2008 Fabrizio Montecucco et al.
Orlistat-associated adverse effects and drug interactions: A critical review; Orlistat, an anti-obesity drug, is a potent and specific inhibitor of intestinal lipases. In light of the recent US FDA approval of the over-the-counter sale of orlistat (60 mg three times daily), clinicians need to be aware that its use may be associated with less well known, but sometimes clinically relevant, adverse effects. More specifically, the use of orlistat has been associated with several mild-to-moderate gastrointestinal adverse effects, such as oily stools, diarrhoea, abdominal pain and faecal spotting. A few cases of serious hepatic adverse effects (cholelithiasis, cholostatic hepatitis and subacute liver failure) have been reported. However, the effects of orlistat on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease are beneficial. Orlistat-induced weight loss seems to have beneficial effects on blood pressure. No effect has been observed on calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, iron, copper or zinc balance or on bone biomarkers. Interestingly, the use of orlistat has been associated with rare cases of acute kidney injury, possibly due to the increased fat malabsorption resulting from the inhibition of pancreatic and gastric lipase by orlistat, leading to the formation of soaps with calcium and resulting in increased free oxalate absorption and enteric hyperoxaluria. Orlistat has a beneficial effect on carbohydrate metabolism. No significant effect on cancer risk has been reported with orlistat. Orlistat interferes with the absorption of many drugs (such as warfarin, amiodarone, ciclosporin and thyroxine as well as fat-soluble vitamins), affecting their bioavailability and effectiveness. This review considers orlistat-related adverse effects and drug interactions. The clinical relevance and pathogenesis of these effects is also discussed. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
1H MR spectroscopy of skeletal muscle, liver and bone marrow; Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H MRS) offers interesting metabolic information even from organs outside the brain. In the first part, applications in skeletal muscle for determination of intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), which are involved in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, are described. Peculiarities of spectral pattern are discussed and studies for short-term regulation of IMCL, as dietary intervention, exercise and fasting are presented. The second part deals with quantification of small amounts of lipids in the liver (hepatic lipids, HL), which is also of increasing interest in the field of diabetes research. Recommendations for correct assessment of spectra in this "moving organ" are given and the importance of HL is described by examples of a cohort at increased risk for type 2 diabetes. Regulation of HL is described on the basis of a few studies. The third part concentrates on spectral characterization of bone marrow. Peripheral bone marrow of adults consists mainly of fat, while central marrow regions in the pelvis, spinal column and breast bone (and the peripheral bone marrow of children as well) contribute to blood formation and show a variable composition of adipocytes (fat cells), interstitial fluid and water containing precursor cells for erythrocytes, leucocytes and thrombocytes. Adapted 1H spectroscopic techniques allow a semi-quantitative analysis of bone marrow composition. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Insulin sensitizing drugs for weight loss in women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Women of reproductive age, who are overweight or obese, are prone to infertility. Weight loss in these women leads to increased fecundity, higher chances of conception after infertility treatment and improved pregnancy outcome. In spite of the advantages, most patients have difficulty in losing weight and often regain lost weight over time. This review assesses whether treatment with insulin sensitizing drugs contributes to weight loss, compared with diet or a lifestyle modification programme. Methods: After a systematic search of the literature, only randomized controlled trials (RCTs), investigating the effect of insulin sensitizing drugs on weight loss compared with placebo and diet and/or a lifestyle modification programme, were included. Subjects were restricted to women of reproductive age. The main outcome measure was change in body mass index (BMI). Results: Only 14 trials, unintentionally all but two on women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) only, were included in the analysis. Treatment with metformin showed a statistically significant decrease in BMI compared with placebo (weighted mean difference, -0.68; 95% CI -1.13 to -0.24). There was some indication of greater effect with high-dose metformin (>1500 mg/day) and longer duration of therapy (>8 weeks). Limitations were power, low use of intention-to-treat analysis and heterogeneity of the studies. Conclusion: A structured lifestyle modification programme to achieve weight loss should still be the first line treatment in obese women with or without PCOS. Adequately powered RCTs are required to confirm the findings of this review and to assess whether the addition of high-dose metformin therapy to a structured lifestyle modification programme might contribute to more weight loss. © The Author 2008. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Ethnic, gender, and age-related differences in patients with the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors and is associated with an increased risk of developing diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and kidney disease. Epidemiologic studies have demonstrated differences in prevalence by age, gender, and ethnicity. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome increases with age through the sixth decade of life among men and seventh decade among women. Most, but not all, studies reported a higher prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among women compared with men. Although the metabolic syndrome is more common among Mexican Americans compared with non-Hispanic whites and blacks, among men the metabolic syndrome is more common among non-Hispanic whites than non-Hispanic blacks; the reverse is true among women. Understanding the basic pathophysiology underlying the metabolic syndrome may help explain the age, gender, and ethnic differences in its prevalence and guide preventive and therapeutic efforts. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009.
Metabolic syndrome: Syndrome X, Y, Z⋯?; Metabolic syndrome, or "syndrome X," as it is often called, is the variable combination of obesity, hypercholesterolemia and hypertension, linked by an underlying resistance to insulin. This condition is often associated with excess insulin secretion. The syndrome was first described by Reaven in 1998, but its principal component of obesity was not initially emphasized. Retrospective data from the National Health Nutritional Survey for the period 1988 to 1994 implied that 47-million Americans had metabolic syndrome. Today, it is estimated that 1 in every 4 adults in the United States (approximately 70-million individuals) has metabolic syndrome. The fact that metabolic syndrome is so common and that it is associated with serious negative health outcomes, qualifies it as the number-1 public health problem facing several Western societies. Although the metabolic syndrome is identified as a major cause of cardiovascular disease, it is less apparent that it increases deaths and disabilities from all causes, and underlies numerous diseases, including: female reproductive disorders (polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)), non-alcoholic fatty-liver disease, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gestational diabetes mellitus, significant changes in body eicosanoid status, inflammatory disease, poor cognitive function, Alzheimer's disease and certain cancers. The aim of this paper is to show how a multifaceted approach, which includes lifestyle changes and nutritional interventions, can help to both prevent and treat metabolic syndrome.
Ectopic fat and insulin resistance; Ectopic fat is defined by the deposition of triglycerides within cells of non-adipose tissue that normally contain only small amounts of fat. Over the past decade, magnetic resonance spectroscopy has been used extensively for noninvasive quantification of intramyocellular, intrahepatocellular, and more recently myocardial and pancreatic lipids. In liver and muscle, triglyceride content usually correlates with whole-body and tissue-specific insulin sensitivity. However, fat mass and oxidative capacity influence this relationship, indicating that ectopic lipid content is not the only factor that explains insulin resistance. Ectopic lipids may rather serve as biomarkers of the balance between metabolic supply and demand in different states of insulin sensitivity. Consequently, ectopic lipid concentrations, particularly in the liver, decrease with lifestyle- or drug-induced improvement of insulin sensitivity. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Insulin resistance and obesity in childhood; Childhood obesity is a significant health problem that has reached epidemic proportions around the world and is associated with several metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Insulin resistance is a common feature of childhood obesity and is considered to be an important link between adiposity and the associated risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is also a key component of the metabolic syndrome, and its prevalence in the paediatric population is increasing, particularly among obese children and adolescents. Several factors are implicated in the pathogenesis of obesity-related insulin resistance, such as increased free fatty acids and many hormones and cytokines released by adipose tissue. Valid and reliable methods are essential to assess the presence and the extent of insulin resistance, the associated risk factors and the effect of pharmacological and lifestyle interventions. The two most common tests to assess insulin resistance are the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and the frequently sampled i.v. glucose tolerance test utilizing the minimal model. However, both these tests are not easily accomplished, are time consuming, expensive and invasive. Simpler methods to assess insulin resistance based on surrogate markers derived from an oral glucose tolerance test or from fasting insulin and glucose levels have been validated in children and adolescents and widely used. Given the strong association between obesity, insulin resistance and the development of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease, prevention and treatment of childhood obesity appear to be essential to prevent the development of insulin resistance and the associated complications. © 2008 European Society of Endocrinology.
Identification and characterization of metabolically benign obesity in humans; Background: Obesity represents a risk factor for insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and atherosclerosis. In addition, for any given amount of total body fat, an excess of visceral fat or fat accumulation in the liver and skeletal muscle augments the risk. Conversely, even in obesity, a metabolically benign fat distribution phenotype may exist. Methods: In 314 subjects, we measured total body, visceral, and subcutaneous fat with magnetic resonance (MR) tomography and fat in the liver and skeletal muscle with proton MR spectroscopy. Insulin sensitivity was estimated from oral glucose tolerance test results. Subjects were divided into 4 groups: normal weight (body mass index [BMI] [calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared], <25.0), overweight (BMI, 25.0-29.9), obese-insulin sensitive (IS) (BMI, ≥30.0 and placement in the upper quartile of insulin sensitivity), and obese-insulin resistant (IR) (BMI, ≥30.0 and placement in the lower 3 quartiles of insulin sensitivity). Results: Total body and visceral fat were higher in the overweight and obese groups compared with the normal-weight group (P<.05); however, no differences were observed between the obese groups. In contrast, ectopic fat in skeletal muscle (P<.001) and particularly the liver (4.3%±0.6% vs 9.5%±0.8%) and theintima-media thickness of the common carotid artery (0.54±0.02 vs 0.59±0.01 mm) were lower and insulin sensitivity was higher (17.4±0.9 vs 7.3±0.3 arbitrary units) in the obese-IS vs the obese-IR group (P<.05). Unexpectedly, the obese-IS group had almost identical insulin sensitivity and the intima-media thickness was not statistically different compared with the normal-weight group (18.2±0.9 AU and 0.51±0.02 mm, respectively). Conclusions: A metabolically benign obesity that is not accompanied by insulin resistance and early atherosclerosis exists in humans. Furthermore, ectopic fat in the liver may be more important than visceral fat in the determination of such a beneficial phenotype in obesity. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
TNF-α and adipocyte biology; Dyslipidemia and insulin resistance are commonly associated with catabolic or lipodystrophic conditions (such as cancer and sepsis) and with pathological states of nutritional overload (such as obesity-related type 2 diabetes). Two common features of these metabolic disorders are adipose tissue dysfunction and elevated levels of tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α). Herein, we review the multiple actions of this pro-inflammatory adipokine on adipose tissue biology. These include inhibition of carbohydrate metabolism, lipogenesis, adipogenesis and thermogenesis and stimulation of lipolysis. TNF-α can also impact the endocrine functions of adipose tissue. Taken together, TNF-α contributes to metabolic dysregulation by impairing both adipose tissue function and its ability to store excess fuel. The molecular mechanisms that underlie these actions are discussed. © 2007 Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
The relationship between renal injury and change in vitamin D metabolism in aged rats with insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes mellitus; Insulin resistance (IR), IR treated with vitamin D, IR treated with 1αthydroxyvitamin D (lα-(OH)D), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), T2DM treated with vitamin D and T2DM treated with lα-(OH)D were studied in animal models using aged Wistar rats. Glucose infusion rates and levels of urinary albumin (UA), serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-(OH)D) and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25-(OH)2D) were measured. T2DM rats had higher UA than IR or normal rats, and levels of 25-(OH)D in all models were similar. IR rats had higher 1,25-(OH)2D levels than T2DM rats, and had lower 1,25-(OH)2D levels than normal rats. Treating IR or T2DM rats with vitamin D had no effect on 25-(OH)D or 1,25-(OH)2D. Administration of lα-(OH)D significantly increased 1,25-(OH)2D in IR rats to abovenormal levels, and significantly increased 1,25-(OH)2D in T2DM rats to normal levels. In IR or T2DM, abnormal vitamin D metabolism is characterized by 1,25-(OH)2D deficiency and is related to renal injury. Copyright © 2008 Field House Publishing LLP.
Association between dietary fat intake, liver fat, and insulin sensitivity in sedentary, abdominally obese, older men; Whether dietary fat influences the interaction between liver fat, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and metabolic risk is unclear. Thus, we sought to determine the independent associations between 1 and 10 d dietary fat intake, liver fat, and VAT on insulin sensitivity using a cross-sectional design. Liver fat score (LFS) was assessed by computed tomography and VAT by magnetic resonance imaging in 42 abdominally obese older men. Insulin sensitivity was measured by the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp technique. Diet composition was determined from self-recorded diet records for 1 and 10 d preceding the assessment of LFS. LFS was positively associated with the 10 d average fat and alcohol intake, but not with any 1 d average dietary variables. VAT (r = -0.36) and LFS (r = -0.32) were both negatively correlated with insulin sensitivity (p < 0.05). When LFS and VAT were entered in the same model, only VAT was an independent predictor of insulin sensitivity (p < 0.05). Control for the average 10 d alcohol consumption and fat intake improved the association between insulin sensitivity and LFS (from r = -0.32, p > 0.10 to r = -0.49, p < 0.05), but not VAT. In fact, after control for the 10 d dietary variables, both LFS and VAT were independent predictors of insulin sensitivity (p < 0.05). This was not true for any of the 1 d dietary intake variables. In conclusion, liver fat is associated with dietary fat intake and alcohol consumption over 10 d, but not 1 d. Furthermore, dietary habits may influence the relationship between liver fat and insulin sensitivity. © 2008 NRC.
Reduced antidiabetic effect of metformin and down-regulation of hepatic oct1 in rats with ethynylestradiol-induced cholestasis; Purpose: To investigate the effect of 17α-ethynylestradiol (EE)-induced cholestasis on the expression of organic cation transporters (Octs) in the liver and kidney, as well as the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of metformin in rats. Methods: Octs mRNA and protein expression were determined. The pharmacokinetics and tissue uptake clearance of metformin were determined following iv administration (5 mg/kg). Uptake of metformin, glucagon-mediated glucose production, and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation were measured in isolated hepatocytes. The effect of metformin (30 mg/kg) on blood glucose levels was tested using the iv glucose tolerance test (IVGTT). Results: The mRNAs of hepatic Oct1, renal Oct1, and Oct2 were decreased by 71.1%, 37.6%, and 94.5%, respectively, by EE cholestasis. The hepatic Oct1 and renal Oct2 proteins were decreased by 30.6% and 60.2%, respectively. The systemic and renal clearance of metformin were decreased. The in vitro hepatocyte uptake of metformin was decreased by 86.4% for V max. Suppression of glucagon-stimulated glucose production and stimulation of AMPK activation in hepatocytes by metformin were diminished. In addition, metformin did not demonstrate a glucose-lowering effect during IVGTT in EE cholestasis. Conclusion: The antidiabetic effect of metformin may be diminished in diabetic patients with EE cholestasis, due to impaired hepatic uptake of the drug via OCT1. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Metabolic Syndrome and Preeclampsia; The chapter overviews some of the ways in which the MetS is thought to promote cardiovascular disease. It then uses this as a platform to focus on evidence that the components of the MetS, particularly chronic insulin resistance, inflammation and dyslipidemia, contribute to maternal endothelial cell dysfunction and the preeclampsia syndrome. The metabolic syndrome (MetS), also known as syndromeX, or the insulin resistance syndrome, or Reaven syndrome, comprises a constellation of metabolic factors and physical conditions associated with increased risk for development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The MetS often coexists with other medical conditions, including fatty liver, obstructive sleep apnea, gout, depression, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. People with the MetS are at roughly twice the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease than those without. It further raises the risk for type 2 diabetes by about 5-fold. Data suggest that the presence of the MetS is more predictive of future cardiovascular disease in women than in men. The chapter summarizes evidence suggesting that the same underlying MetS-related disturbances that contribute to preeclampsia also increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease in later life. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The metabolic syndrome: A gathering challenge in a time of abundance; The metabolic syndrome (also known as dysmetabolic syndrome, MetS, Reaven syndrome, syndrome X, and insulin-resistance syndrome) is a well-recognized and all-too-frequently encountered fact of modern life, with staggering economic consequences. Various aspects of the metabolic syndrome are considered in this review, including such features as insulin resistance with glucose intolerance, hypertension, β-cell failure, hyperinsulinemia, frank diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and release of inflammatory and procoagulant factors into the circulation. Issues of management for the adolescent are considered also. Much can be accomplished for such youth by using the knowledge we currently have in hand, but many additional issues that are noted make the prospects for success extremely challenging for clinicians who deal with adolescent patients. Copyright © 2008 American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Disease: Nutrition and Emerging Risk Factors: The Report of a British Nutrition Foundation Task Force; This important and timely book comprises the comprehensive and authoritative independent report of the British Nutrition Foundation Task Force on the link between emerging aspects of diet and cardiovascular disease, a major cause of early death and disability. Written by leading experts in the area, Cardiovascular Disease: Diet, Nutrition and Emerging Risk Factors looks further than the well recognised factors such as high blood cholesterol and smoking to identify and explore more subtle markers of risk. Chapters include coverage of novel lipid factors, vascular function, clotting factors, inflammatory factors, oxidative stress and homocysteine and early origins of adult disease. The impact of obesity, insulin resistance, genetic predisposition and factors related to adipose tissue are also addressed. Of vital use to a wide range of health professionals this cutting-edge book provides the reader with: Core information for health professionals as well as those involved in food formulation in the food industry. A dedicated question and answer chapter. Important conclusions and recommendations with 'take-home messages' Dietitians, nutritionists, general and family practitioners, cardiologists, cardiovascular specialists, community nurses, personnel in the food industry involved in product formulation, production, labelling of packaging and marketing will find this a valuable reference. Lecturers, undergraduates and postgraduates in nutrition, dietetics, food science and medicine; libraries in all research establishments, commercial organisations, medical schools and universities where these subjects are studied or taught will also find this an important addition to their shelves. © 2005 British Nutrition Foundation.
Metabolic syndrome and liver histology in paediatric non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; Objective: Our aim was to estimate prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS), obesity and comorbidities in a cohort of 120 children (3-18 years) with biopsy-proven non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) or non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and to evaluate correlations between clinical or biochemical variables and liver histology. Research methods and procedures: MS was diagnosed according to the adapted National Cholesterol Education Program criteria. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI); and ISI composite, insulin secretion (insulin response at 30 min after a glucose load; HOMA-β cell; insulinogenic index) were all estimated. BMI z-score and total body fat (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) were evaluated as indexes of obesity. Results: MS was diagnosed in 66% of children. About 92% had weight above the 85th percentile, of which 42% were obese with weight above 97th percentile. Prevalence of hypertriglyceridaemia was 63%, low HDL cholesterol 45%, hypertension 40% and impaired glucose tolerance 10%. Levels of aminotransferases were higher as the number of comorbidities increased, the highest values being found in subjects with MS (P≤0.05). Prevalence of a grade of steatosis ≥2 (P=0.05) and fibrosis (P≤0.01) was higher in subjects with MS. Histology was associated significantly with higher values of a number of clinical and biochemical parameters (steatosis ≥2 with BMI z-score (P=0.04), fasting insulin (P=0.02), HOMA-IR (P=0.03), Β-cell secretion (P=0.04); necroinflammation with BMI z-score (P=0.007), glucose (P≤0.0001), cholesterol (P≤0.04) and white blood cells (P=0.025); fibrosis with body weight (P=0.05), BMI z-score (P=0.03), cholesterol (P=0.05), triglycerides (P=0.05), fasting insulin (P≤0.0001) and mean values of the hormone at the OGTT (P=0.03), HOMA-IR (P≤0.0001)). Conclusion: Presence of MS or clinical and biochemical variables associated with the syndrome seems to be strictly related to histological features of NASH in paediatric fatty liver disease. Thus, routinely liver biopsy should be encouraged in these children. © 2008 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Multiple gestation; By her he had two children at one birth. William Shakespeare (1564–1616) Henry VI, Part II (IV, ii). Since its inception, more than 1 million children have been born through assisted reproductive technologies (ART). Fertility treatments account for the explosive increase in twins and in high-order multiple (HOM) births seen in the last two decades. Specifically, twin births increased by 66% from 1980 to 1998, and triplets increased by more than 400% during the same period (against an increase of 6% in singleton births) [1]. In 2003 in the United States, the twin birth rate was 31.5 per 1,000 total live births, and the triplet birth rate was 187.4 per 100,000 live births [1]. Reynolds and colleagues analyzed the trends in multiple births from ART in the United States between 1997 and 2000 and reported that more than 50% of live births from ART were multiples [2]. Besides ART, ovulation-inducing drugs and intrauterine inseminations account for the increase in multiple births. The other major factor contributing to this surge is the older maternal age at childbearing. Delayed childbearing and increasing reliance on ART to achieve pregnancy have led to an increase in multiple births. Between 1990 and 2003, the number of twin and HOM births born to women in the age group 45 to 49 years increased notably (Figure 13.1) [1]. The disturbing rise in multiple births imposes a great burden on medical care, mainly because of an increase in preterm births. © John P. O'Grady 2008 and Cambridge University Press, 2009.
Role of iron deficiency and overload in the pathogenesis of diabetes and diabetic complications; Iron is one of the essential minerals that are required for a variety of molecules to maintain their normal structures and functions and for cells to live, grow, and proliferate. The homeostasis of iron results from a tightly coordinated regulation by different proteins involved in uptake, excretion and intracellular storage/trafficking. Although it is essential, iron can also be toxic once in excess amounts. Through Fenton reaction, iron as a transit mineral can generate various reactive oxygen or nitrogen species; therefore, abnormal metabolism of iron can lead to several chronic pathogenesis. Oxidative stress is one of the major causative factors for diabetes and diabetic complications. Increasing evidence has indicated that iron overload not only increases risks of insulin resistance and diabetes, but also causes cardiovascular diseases in non-diabetic and diabetic subjects. Temporal iron deficiency was found to sensitize insulin action, but chronic iron deficiency with anemia can accelerate the development of cardiovascular diseases in non-diabetic and diabetic patients. In this review, therefore, we will first outline iron homeostasis, function, and toxicity, and then mainly summarize the data regarding the roles of iron deficiency and overload in the pathogenesis of diabetes and diabetic complications, as well as the possible links of iron to diabetes and diabetic complications. In the end, the possible therapy using iron chelators for diabetes and diabetic complications will also be discussed. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
The ADRB3 Trp64Arg variant and BMI: A meta-analysis of 44 833 individuals; Background: The Β-3 adrenergic receptor gene (ADRB3) is part of the adrenergic system, which is known to play a key role in energy metabolism. The association between the Trp64Arg variant in the ADRB3 and body mass index (BMI) has been widely examined, but previous studies have been small and results have been inconsistent. Methods: We assessed the association between the ADRB3 Trp64Arg variant and BMI in a large UK population-based cohort of 4854 middle-aged men and women. We also performed a meta-analysis of 97 studies, involving 44 833 individuals, to place our findings in context. Results: Although we found no significant difference in BMI (0.20 kg/m2, P=0.40) between the Trp64Trp homozygotes and Arg64 allele carriers in our UK population-based cohort, the meta-analysis showed significant association between the Arg64Trp variant and BMI, with Arg64-allele carriers having a 0.24 kg/m2 (P=0.0002) higher BMI compared with noncarriers. However, we also found substantial heterogeneity among the studies (P=2.2 × 10 -14). The difference in East Asians (0.31 kg/m2, P=0.001) was 3.9 times larger than that in Europeans in whom no significant association was observed (0.08 kg/m2, P=0.36). This was consistent with the chronological cumulative decrease in the effect size, which decreased steadily in Europeans and reached nonsignificance after 11 studies in 1996. In East Asians, the cumulative effect size decreased after the first reports, but reached a steady state at a significant effect size of 0.24 kg/m2 in 2000. Although the funnel plot indicated no apparent publication bias, smaller studies tended to report greater differences in BMI, compared with larger studies. Conclusions: Collectively, these data suggest that the Trp64Arg ADRB3 genetic variant might be associated with BMI in East Asians, but not Europeans. More generally, our study shows the importance of meta-analyses in the field of genetic association studies for common traits. Each genetic variant makes only a small contribution to variation in BMI, and large sample sizes are needed to reliably assess and interpret gene-phenotype associations. © 2008 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Nuclear receptor coregulators in human diseases; One of the major mechanisms through which eukaryotic cells respond to developmental and environmental signals is by altering their patterns of gene expression. By transmitting these signals to transcription factors using complex and tightly regulated processes, the coregulators function as essential signaling integrators for the coordinated control of broad transcriptional programs. Dysregulation of coregulator signaling circuitry has severe consequences for cell homeostasis and often contributes to pathogenesis. This review focuses on coregulators for nuclear receptors and their associations with human diseases. We first reiterate some general aspects of nuclear receptormediated transcription, and use selected examples of coregulator function to define the essential class of NR coregulators. We also provide factual evidence for the functional distinctiveness of different coregulators, and substantiate their involvement in numerous human pathologies. Overall, we conclude that the appreciation for coregulator biology is imperative for a fuller understanding of human diseases. © 2008 by World Scientific Publishing Co. Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Post-translational modifications of adiponectin: Mechanisms and functional implications; Adiponectin is an insulin-sensitizing adipokine with anti-diabetic, anti-atherogenic, anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective properties. This adipokine is secreted from adipocytes into the circulation as three oligomeric isoforms, including trimeric, hexameric and the HMW (high-molecular-mass) oligomeric complex consisting of at least 18 protomers. Each oligomeric isoform of adiponectin exerts distinct biological properties in its various target tissues. The HMW oligomer is the major active form mediating the insulin-sensitizing effects of adiponectin, whereas the central actions of this adipokine are attributed primarily to the hexameric and trimeric oligomers. In patients with Type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, circulating levels of HMW adiponectin are selectively decreased due to an impaired secretion of this oligomer from adipocytes. The biosynthesis of the adiponectin oligomers is a complex process involving extensive post-translational modifications. Hydroxylation and glycosylation of several conserved lysine residues in the collagenous domain of adiponectin are necessary for the intracellular assembly and stabilization of its high-order oligomeric structures. Secretion of the adiponectin oligomers is tightly controlled by a pair of molecular chaperones in the ER (endoplasmic reticulum), including ERp44 (ER protein of 44 kDa) and Ero1-Lα (ER oxidoreductase 1-Lα). ERp44 inhibits the secretion of adiponectin oligomers through a thiol-mediated retention. In contrast, Ero1-Lα releases HMW adiponectin trapped by ERp44. The PPARγ (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor γ) agonists thiazolidinediones selectively enhance the secretion of HMW adiponectin through up-regulation of Ero1-Lα. In the present review, we discuss the recent advances in our understanding of the structural and biological properties of the adiponectin oligomeric isoforms and highlight the role of post-translational modifications in regulating the biosynthesis of HMW adiponectin. © The Authors.
Physiological, pharmacological, and nutritional regulation of circulating adiponectin concentrations in humans; Adiponectin is an adipocyte hormone that links visceral adiposity with insulin resistance and atherosclerosis. It is unique among adipocyte-derived hormones in that its circulating concentrations are inversely proportional to adiposity, and low adiponectin concentrations predict the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Consequently, in the decade since its discovery, adiponectin has generated immense interest as a potential therapeutic target for the metabolic syndrome and diabetes. This review summarizes current research regarding the regulation of circulating adiponectin concentrations by physiological, pharmacological, and nutritional factors, with an emphasis on human studies. In humans, plasma adiponectin concentrations are influenced by age and gender, and are inversely proportional to visceral adiposity. In vitro studies suggest that adiponectin production may be determined primarily by adipocyte size and insulin sensitivity, with larger, insulin-resistant adipocytes producing less adiponectin. While adiponectin concentrations are unchanged after meal ingestion, they are increased by significant weight loss, such as after bariatric surgery. In addition, adiponectin production is inhibited by a number of hormones, including testosterone, prolactin, glucocorticoids and growth hormone, and by inflammation and oxidative stress in adipose tissue. Smoking decreases, while moderate alcohol consumption increases, circulating adiponectin concentrations. Dietary fatty acid composition in rodents influences adiponectin production via ligand-activated nuclear receptors (PPARs); however, current evidence in humans is equivocal. In addition to PPAR agonists (such as thiazolidinediones and fibrates), a number of pharmacological agents (angiotensin receptor type 1 blockers, ACE inhibitors, and cannabinoid receptor antagonists) used in treatment of the metabolic syndrome also increase adiponectin concentrations in humans. © 2008 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2008.
Metabolic syndrome in children: current issues and South Asian perspective; Objective: The objective of this review is to discuss definition, determinants, and management issues of the metabolic syndrome in children with a focus on South Asians. Methods: The literature search was done using the PubMed search engine (National Library of Medicine, Bethesda, MD, USA). Manual searches for other important references and medical databases were also done. Results: There is a need for an integrated definition of the metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents, taking cognizance of the ethnic-specific variations. Obesity and body fat patterning are important determinants of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in children and ethnic variations in these parameters are seen. Excess body fat and thicker truncal subcutaneous fat are important predisposing factors for development of insulin resistance in South Asian children. Because the metabolic syndrome tracks into adulthood, its manifestations need to be recognized early for prevention of diabetes and coronary heart disease. Therapeutic lifestyle changes, maintenance of high levels of physical activity and normal weight are most important strategies; pharmacologic therapy for individual components of the metabolic syndrome is occasionally needed. Conclusion: The metabolic syndrome in children is an important clinical marker of diabetes and coronary heart disease in adults. In view of the rapid increase in the metabolic syndrome in most populations, high-risk screening and effective public-intervention educational programs are urgently needed. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The metabolic syndrome: Evolving evidence that thiazolidinediones provide rational therapy; The metabolic syndrome, also known as the dysmetabolic syndrome, syndrome X or the insulin resistance syndrome, refers to the clustering of cardiovascular disease risk factors that are present in many individuals who are at increased risk for both cardiovascular events and type 2 diabetes. Prediabetic subjects typically exhibit an atherogenic pattern of cardiovascular risks that is associated with hyperinsulinaemia. Thus, identification of components of the metabolic syndrome is important if patients are to be treated early enough to prevent cardiovascular events and other complications related to diabetes. Therapies targeted to specific components of the metabolic syndrome such as improving glycaemic control, managing dyslipidaemia and reducing the prothrombotic state should help to minimize cardiovascular risk, particularly if initiated early. Traditional pharmacologic agents used to manage the individual components of the metabolic syndrome do not typically impact the other components. The thiazolidinediones, a new class of agents that improve insulin resistance, have the ability, in addition to their glucose-lowering effects, to exert several powerful anti-atherogenic properties, including anti-inflammatory effects in the vascular endothelium, redistribution of visceral fat and reduction of insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperproinsulinaemia. This makes the thiazolidinediones ideal candidates for the early treatment of many components associated with the metabolic syndrome. © Blackwell Science, 2006.
Cellular inflammatory responses: Novel insights for obesity and insulin resistance; Type 2 diabetes is rapidly becoming a worldwide epidemic. Obesity and sedentary lifestyle are the main environmental causes for the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. In the past decade, it has been increasingly recognized that obesity and insulin resistance are associated with chronic, low-grade systemic inflammation. This review will cover the recent advances in this field and provide a working model explaining how cellular inflammatory responses arise to cope with obesity-induced metabolic stresses and how these inflammatory responses underlie insulin resistance. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Developmental programming of energy balance and the metabolic syndrome; The increasing prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in numerous populations throughout the world is currently of major concern, and presents a huge global health problem. The link between low birth weight and the subsequent development of obesity, disrupted glucose homeostasis and hypertension is now well established, and there is extensive evidence supporting these associations in both epidemiological and experimental studies. Alterations in the secretion of, and responses to, the circulating hormones insulin and leptin are likely candidates in terms of disease development. The aim of current research is to define how the central and peripheral pathways in which these signals exert their effects may be disrupted following poor early growth, and how this disruption contributes to the development of metabolic disease. The present review aims to outline the existing evidence whereby alterations in early growth may programme an individual to be at increased risk of the metabolic syndrome. The development of central appetite and expenditure circuits and of peripheral metabolic tissues, are likely to play a key role in the long-term regulation of energy balance. © 2007 The Authors.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: Review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder characterised by polyuria, polydypsia, and excessive thirst usually manifesting in the third trimester of pregnancy. The etiology is thought to depend on excessive vasopressinase activity, a placental enzyme that degrades arginine-vasopressin (AVP), but not 1-deamino-8-d-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP), which is a synthetic form. This is a transient syndrome and may be associated with acute fatty liver of pregnancy and preeclampsia. The use of dDAVP in symptomatic cases has been proven as a safe method for both the mother and the fetus during the pregnancy. We report a case of recurrent gestational diabetes insipidus in successive pregnancies, which responded to dDAVP and subsided after delivery. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
Evidence for thiazolidinedione, insulin sensitizers in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus; In Taiwan, the epidemiological research had showed increasing prevalence of hyperglycemia in general population, including adolescent. Previous studies showed that life style intervention could play a pivotal role to prevent ongoing diabetes mellitus in together with certain oral medication. Amongst, insulin sensitizers have different pharmacological mechanism from conventional oral hypoglycemic agents. Insulin sensitizers can not only improve blood glucose control, but decrease insulin resistance via activation peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors, PPARs. This review will focus on recent evidence-based data for insulin sensitizers to elucidate several important issues, including their side effects, pharmacological mechanism, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacoeconomics.
Insulin resistance syndrome in childhood and beyond; Insulin resistance syndrome (IRS), (metabolic syndrome, syndrome X) was first described by Reaven (1) in 1988, as a result of tissue resistance to insulin and the link between insulin resistance (IR) and obesity, Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), coronary artery disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and hyperuricemia. IRS has since been expanded from this core phenotype and become known by a variety of names, including metabolic syndrome, dysmetabolic syndrome, and syndrome X. Today, IRS has become increasingly recognized by physicians as a matter of immense public concern because of its frequency and impact upon the health of those affected by it. IRS may affect more than 50% of adults in the United States with even higher prevalences in the highly prone racial groups such as African-Americans, Mexican-Americans, and Native Americans (2). Studies suggest that IRS may originate in utero (3-5). The association of low birth weight and development of IR and, consequently, T2DM has been confirmed in different populations (6,7). Longitudinal studies have shown that children with components of metabolic syndrome in childhood continue with them into adulthood where they acquire more of them (8). Thus, they increase the medical and economic burdens on society with their increased early morbidity and mortality rates (9). Obesity plays a central role in the development of IRS, which increases the risk for development of T2DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) including hypertension, hypercoagulation, and atherosclerosis (10,11). Diabetes mellitus is rapidly evolving as an epidemic of the 21st century closely following the dramatic rise in obesity rates. The presently estimated worldwide number of 190 million persons afflicted by T2DM is predicted to grow to over 300 million by the year 2025 (12). In the United States, the estimated lifetime risk of diabetes for children born in the year 2000 is more than one in three (13). The increased incidence of T2DM in children parallels the increase in the prevalence and severity of obesity in children (14). According to the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), 4% of all adolescents and nearly 30% of overweight adolescents in the United States have IRS (15). IR was found to predict cardiovascular risk factors in young, healthy adolescents, while body weight during childhood was also observed to play an important role in being predictive of risk factors for CVD (16). Thus, current indications suggest that children born today will live less healthy lives and will die earlier than their parents. © 2007 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Definition of the metabolic syndrome: What's new and what predicts risk?; The metabolic syndrome is a clustering of abnormalities that confers an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Five organizations have proposed definitions of the syndrome. Despite differences in specific criteria among the definitions, there is agreement that the major characteristics of the syndrome include central obesity (except in one definition), elevated blood pressure, dyslipidemia, and impaired glucose metabolism or insulin resistance. Large variations exist in the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome across countries and regions, ethnic groups, and gender. The prevalence is high and increasing, particularly in North and South American countries. The high prevalence, combined with the large number of people at risk for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and other related disorders, suggests that the metabolic syndrome may present a major worldwide public health challenge in future. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
The dynamics of the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis, reproductive performance and sexuality following bariatric surgery; Obesity has reached epidemic proportions globally. Multi-system and morbid ramifications of obesity are recognized in both sexes that are at least partly reversible following significant and sustained weight reduction. Bariatric surgery is a relatively recent intervention in the therapeutic armamentarium for the management of morbid obesity and utilization of bariatric surgery as an option for weight loss is escalating. We provide an overview of the effects of morbid obesity on the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian (HPO) axis, reproductive and sexual performance. This review focuses on the alterations in reproductive physiology, with specific regard to the alterations in fertility status, efficacy of oral contraception and sexuality following bariatric surgery. Our perusal of the published literature reveals that although non-surgical weight loss in morbidly obese improves fertility, data on reproductive performance after weight loss by bariatric surgery is sparse and somewhat controversial. In the current setting of an increasing utilization of this therapeutic modality in the reproductive age population, this underscores a need for better appreciation of the alterations in physiology following bariatric surgery by well-designed trials. The suboptimal efficacy of oral contraceptives after weight loss by bariatric surgery needs to be further evaluated and in the interim, when prescribing OCP's to patients anticipating undergoing bariatric procedures, counseling should include a discussion on potential contraceptive failure after surgery. Although an improvement in sexual performance and satisfaction may follow dramatic weight reductions, the possibility of a detrimental influence specifically after bariatric surgery remains to be determined by future trials. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
The Biology of Human Longevity: Inflammation, Nutrition, and Aging in the Evolution of Lifespans; Written by Caleb Finch, one of the leading scientists of our time, The Biology of Human Longevity: Inflammation, Nutrition, and Aging in the Evolution of Lifespans synthesizes several decades of top research on the topic of human aging and longevity particularly on the recent theories of inflammation and its effects on human health. The book expands a number of existing major theories, including the Barker theory of fetal origins of adult disease to consider the role of inflammation and Harmon's free radical theory of aging to include inflammatory damage. Future increases in lifespan are challenged by the obesity epidemic and spreading global infections which may reverse the gains made in lowering inflammatory exposure. This timely and topical book will be of interest to anyone studying aging from any scientific angle. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Serum alanine aminotransferase levels decrease further with carbohydrate than fat restriction in insulin-resistant adults; OBJECTIVE - Although weight loss interventions have been shown to reduce steatosis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the impact of dietary macronutrient composition is unknown. We assessed the effect on serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) concentrations of two hypocaloric diets varying in amounts of carbohydrate and fat in obese insulin-resistant individuals, a population at high risk for NAFLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Post hoc analysis of ALT concentrations was performed in 52 obese subjects with normal baseline values and insulin resistance, as quantified by the steady-state plasma glucose (SSPG) test, who were randomized to hypocaloric diets containing either 60% carbohydrate/25% fat or 40% carbohydrate/45% fat (15% protein) for 16 weeks. The primary end point was change in ALT, which was evaluated according to diet, weight loss, SSPG, and daylong insulin concentrations. RESULTS - Although both diets resulted in significant decreases in weight and SSPG, daylong insulin, and serum ALT concentrations, the 40% carbohydrate diet resulted in greater decreases in SSPG (P < 0.04), circulating insulin (P < 0.01), and ALT (9.5 ± 9.4 vs. 4.2 ± 8.3 units/l; P < 0.04) concentrations. ALT changes correlated with improvement in insulin sensitivity (P=0.04) and daylong insulin (P < 0.01). Individuals with ALT concentrations above the proposed upper limits experienced significant declines in ALT, unlike those with lower ALT levels. CONCLUSIONS - In a population at high risk for NAFLD, a hypocaloric diet moderately lower in carbohydrate decreased serum ALT concentrations to a greater degree than a higher-carbohydrate/low-fat diet, despite equal weight loss. This may result from a relatively greater decline in daylong insulin concentrations. Further research with histological end points is needed to further explore this finding. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
Role of fat metabolism in burn trauma-induced skeletal muscle insulin resistance; OBJECTIVE: Review current evidence on the role of fat in posttrauma insulin resistance, in reference to new studies with peroxisome proliferating activating receptor-α agonists. DESIGN: Review. SETTING: University laboratory. PATIENTS: Thirty pediatric burn trauma patients. INTERVENTIONS: Fourteen days of peroxisome proliferating activating receptor-α agonist immediately following burn trauma. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: We measured glucose metabolism and fat metabolism via tracer methodology and intracellular measurements. Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake is impaired following burn trauma, as is intracellular insulin signaling, palmitate oxidation, and mitochondrial oxidative capacity. Furthermore, levels of intracellular lipids are increased. Two weeks of peroxisome proliferating activating receptor-α treatment significantly reverses these pathologic changes incurred from burn injury. CONCLUSIONS: Severe burn injury seriously affects multiple aspects of glucose and fat metabolism within the muscle, which can adversely affect clinical outcomes. Treatment with a peroxisome proliferating activating receptor-α drug may be a potential new therapeutic option. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Review: The role of insulin resistance in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Context: Insulin resistance is an almost universal finding in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This review outlines the evidence linking insulin resistance and NAFLD, explores whether liver fat is a cause or consequence of insulin resistance, and reviews the current evidence for treatment of NAFLD. Evidence Acquisition: Evidence from epidemiological, experimental, and clinical research studies investigating NAFLD and insulin resistance was reviewed. Evidence Synthesis: Insulin resistance in NAFLD is characterized by reductions in whole-body, hepatic, and adipose tissue insulin sensitivity. The mechanisms underlying the accumulation of fat in the liver may include excess dietary fat, increased delivery of free fatty acids to the liver, inadequate fatty acid oxidation, and increased de novo lipogenesis. Insulin resistance may enhance hepatic fat accumulation by increasing free fatty acid delivery and by the effect of hyperinsulinemia to stimulate anabolic processes. The impact of weight loss, metformin, and thiazolidinediones, all treatments aimed at improving insulin sensitivity, as well as other agents such as vitamin E, have been evaluated in patients with NAFLD and have shown some benefit. However, most intervention studies have been small and uncontrolled. Conclusion: Insulin resistance is a major feature of NAFLD that, in some patients, can progress to steatohepatitis. Treatments aimed at reducing insulin resistance have had some success, but larger placebo-controlled studies are needed to fully establish the efficacy of these interventions and possibly others in reducing the deleterious effects of fat accumulation in the liver. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society.
Effects of acquired obesity on endothelial function in monozygotic twins; Objective: To determine whether acquired obesity or accompanying metabolic changes such as adiponectin deficiency, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, or visceral fat are associated, independent of genetic influences, with endothelial dysfunction by studying young adult monozygotic (MZ) twin pairs discordant for obesity. Research Methods and Procedures: Nine obesity-discordant (intra-pair difference in BMI, 3.8 to 10.1 kg/m2) and nine concordant (0 to 2.3 kg/m2) 24- to 27-year-old MZ twin pairs were identified from a population-based FinnTwin16-sample. Endothelial function was measured by blood flow responses to intrabrachial infusions of an endothelium-dependent (acetylcholine) and an endothelium-independent (sodium nitroprusside) vasodilator. Whole body insulin sensitivity was measured using the euglycemic insulin clamp technique, and forearm and body composition were measured with magnetic resonance imaging and DXA. In addition, serum levels of adiponectin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and lipids were determined. Results: The heavier co-twins of the discordant pairs had significantly lower whole body insulin sensitivity than the leaner co-twins. Blood flows/muscle volume during infusions of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside were not altered by obesity. However, intra-pair differences in serum adiponectin, intra-abdominal fat, and C-reactive protein were significantly correlated with those in endothelial function. Only the relationship between intra-pair differences in adiponectin and endothelial function persisted in multiple linear regression analysis. Obesity-concordant cotwins had comparable insulin sensitivity and endothelial function. Discussion: In young adult MZ twins discordant for obesity, acquired adiponectin deficiency rather than obesity per se is an independent correlate of endothelial dysfunction. Copyright © 2006 NAASO.
Obesity in adolescents: Physical correlated pathologies, and therapeutic state of art; Obese adolescents are prone to several pathologies, which may begin in this period of life and have a continuity in adult age. In this review the author tries first to explain the obesity definition in infants, children, and adolescents. Some pathologies may appear in adolescent age. First of all, some features of the so called metabolic syndrome; furthermore, hormonal alteration during and after puberty, genital appearance in the obese adolescent male, respiratory problems as apnea, asthma, and the Pickwick syndrome. The non alcoholic fat liver disease is also described, and the orthopedic problems as well, owing to the overweight: from abnormal body posture to structural consequences on the skeleton. Finally, some remarks concerning pharmacological and surgical approach are presented.
Our children and the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic disturbances that result in an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adults. Despite the lack of a uniform definition of the syndrome for children, several studies have reported an overall prevalence of 3 to 4% among children. Among obese adolescents, the prevalence can be as high as 30 to 50%. Besides insulin resistance and obesity, the intrauterine environment and genetic factors also seem to play a role in the pathogenesis of the syndrome in children. In view of the current obesity epidemic and since an increasing amount of evidence shows that obesity during adolescence is significantly associated with insulin resistance, abnormal serum lipid levels, and elevated blood pressure during adulthood, there is a great need for a clear definition, for the development of screening guidelines, and for appropriate prevention and treatment strategies for the metabolic syndrome in the pediatric population. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Localization of novel adiponectin receptor constructs; Adiponectin is one of the most abundant fat-derived hormones involved in a multitude of metabolism pathways. The receptors AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 of this metabolically active protein have been identified recently. AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 are most abundantly expressed in the skeletal muscle and in the liver, respectively. It has been postulated that although they both consist of seven transmembrane helices, they are distinct from other G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). We cloned both receptors as fusion proteins with enhanced yellow fluorescent protein (YFP) to determine their localization and orientation in the cell membrane. By confocal microscopy and immune staining we demonstrated that both receptor-YFP-fusion proteins are integral membrane proteins with the predicted topology-an intracellular N-terminus and an extracellular C-terminus. In parallel, comparative experiments were performed with the NPY Y 2-receptor, a classical rhodopsin-like GPCR. Copyright © Informa Healthcare.
MR in clinical diabetes research and drug trials; Diabetes mellitus is defined by increased blood glucose (hyperglycemia) in the fasted and/or in the postprandial state [1]. Hyperglycemia is a consequence of inappropriate insulin secretion by pancreatic b cells due to autoimmune destruction in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) or rare inherited defects in maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY). The most frequent diabetes type, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is primarily due to impaired insulin action, i.e., insulin resistance, at its target tissues such as skeletal muscle, liver, and adipose tissue [1]. Insulin resistance is usually linked to increased visceral fat mass, arterial hypertension, hyperuricemia, dyslipidemia, and endothelial dysfunction, which are summarized as term pluri or dysmetabolic syndrome [2]. These abnormalities are also found in women who develop glucose intolerance during pregnancy, i.e., gestational or type 4 diabetes mellitus (T4DM). The dysbalance of energy homeostasis with caloric intake exceeding energy expenditure is currently held responsible for the epidemic spread of obesity and diabetes [3,4]. Abnormalities of fat distribution such as lipodystrophy also lead to severe insulin resistance and diabetes [5]. With in vivo MRS, clinical studies became feasible for the detailed investigation of the pathophysiology and therapeutic options in human diabetes mellitus. © 2006 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Postprandial lipemia associates with liver fat content; Context/Objective: Postprandial lipemia and low adiponectin represent novel risk factors for vascular disease. This study aimed to determine whether liver fat content and adiponectin are predictors of postprandial triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins (TRL). Patients/Interventions: Twenty-nine men were allocated into subgroups with either low (≤5%) or high (>5%) liver fat measured with magnetic resonance proton spectroscopy. Subjects underwent an oral fat tolerance test with measurements of postprandial TG, cholesterol, apolipoprotein B-48 (apoB-48), and apoB-100 in TRL fractions, a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp, and determination of abdominal fat volumes by magnetic resonance imaging. Results: Subjects with high liver fat displayed increased response of postprandial lipids in plasma, chylomicron, and very-low-density lipoprotein 1 (VLDL1) (Svedberg flotation rate 60-400) fractions. Liver fat correlated positively with postprandial responses (area under the curve) of TG (r = 0.597; P = 0.001), cholesterol (r = 0.546; P = 0.002), apoB-48 (r = 0.556; P = 0.002), and apoB-100 (r = 0.42; P = 0.023) in the VLDL1 fraction. Respective incremental areas under the curve correlated significantly with liver fat. Fasting adiponectin levels were inversely correlated with both postprandial lipids and liver fat content. Liver fat remained the only independent correlate in a multiple linear regression analysis for chylomicron and VLDL1 responses. Conclusions: Liver fat content is a close correlate of postprandial lipids predicting the responses of TRL in chylomicrons and VLDL1 better than measures of glucose metabolism or body adiposity. Low adiponectin concentration is closely linked to high liver fat content and impaired TRL metabolism. High liver fat content associated with postprandial lipemia represents potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society.
Visceral fat is an independent predictor of all-cause mortality in men; Objective: To examine the independent associations of abdominal fat (visceral and subcutaneous) and liver fat with all-cause mortality. Research Methods and Procedures: Participants included 291 men [97 decedents and 194 controls; mean age, 56.4 ± 12.0 (SD) years] who received a computed tomography (CT) examination at the preventive medicine clinic in Dallas, TX, between 1995 and 1999, with a mean mortality follow-up of 2.2 ± 1.3 years. Abdominal fat was determined using contiguous CT images from the L3-L4 to L4-L5 intervertebral space. Liver fat was assessed using the CT-determined liver attenuation value, which is inversely related to liver fat. Logistic regression was used to determine the independent association between the fat depots and all-cause mortality. Results: During the study, there were 97 deaths. Visceral fat [odds ratio (OR) per SD: 1.83; 95% CI: 1.23 to 2.73], abdominal subcutaneous fat (1.44; 1.02 to 2.03), liver fat (0.64; 0.46 to 0.87), and waist circumference (1.41; 1.01 to 1.98) were significant individual predictors of mortality after controlling for age and length of follow-up. In a model including all three fat measures (subcutaneous, visceral, and liver fat), age, and length of follow-up, only visceral fat (1.93; 1.15 to 3.23) was a significant predictor of mortality. Discussion: Visceral fat is a strong, independent predictor of all-cause mortality in men. Copyright © 2006 NAASO.
The Biology of Human Longevity; Written by Caleb Finch, one of the leading scientists of our time, The Biology of Human Longevity - Inflammation, Nutrition, and Aging in the Evolution of Lifespans synthesizes several decades of top research on the topic of human aging and longevity particularly on the recent theories of inflammation and its effects on human health. The book expands a number of existing major theories, including the Barker theory of fetal origins of adult disease to consider the role of inflammation and Harmon's free radical theory of aging to include inflammatory damage. Future increases in lifespan are challenged by the obesity epidemic and spreading global infections which may reverse the gains made in lowering inflammatory exposure. This timely and topical book will be of interest to anyone studying aging from any scientific angle. * Author Caleb Finch is highly influential and respected scientist, ranked in the top half of the 1% most cited scientists * Provides a novel synthesis of existing ideas about the biology of longevity and aging * Incorporates important research findings from several disciplines, including Gerontology, Genomics, Neuroscience, Immunology, Nutrition. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metformin and polycystic ovary syndrome; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The aim of this article is to describe the role of insulin resistance in the etiology of polycystic ovary syndrome and to review the results of treatment with the insulin sensitizing drug metformin. RECENT FINDINGS: Polycystic ovary syndrome is a heterogeneous combination of clinical, hormonal, and reproductive abnormalities associated with insulin resistance and increased cardiovascular risk factors. Reduction of hyperinsulinism and improvement of insulin sensitivity with metformin has been reported to ameliorate these abnormalities in many, but not all studies, with few adverse effects. SUMMARY: Metformin may be the drug of first choice for most, if not all women with polycystic ovarian syndrome, either alone or in combination with other treatments. Further investigation is necessary to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment necessary to maximize response. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Adiponectin in human pregnancy: Implications for regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism; Aims/hypothesis: Adiponectin is upregulated during adipogenesis and downregulated in insulin-resistant states. The mechanism(s) governing the re-arrangements from adipogenesis to facilitated lipolysis during pregnancy are unknown. Our purpose was to analyse the role of adiponectin relative to the metabolic changes in human pregnancy. Subjects, materials and methods: Lean women (BMI <25 kg/m2) were evaluated longitudinally before conception, and in early (12-14 weeks) and late (34-36 weeks) pregnancy. Insulin sensitivity was measured using the glucose clamp technique. Venous blood and subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies were obtained at each time point. Results: Adiponectin concentrations were lower in the third trimester than in the pregravid condition (9.9±1.4 vs 13.5±1.8 μg/ml). The hypoadiponectinaemia was reflected by a 2.5-fold decrease in white adipose tissue adiponectin mRNA. These changes were associated with a 25% increase in fat mass (23.7±2.9 vs 18.9±2.9 kg). Insulin infusion decreased high molecular weight adiponectin complexes in pregravid women (9.9±0.6 vs 6.2±0.06) and the suppressive effect of insulin was lost during pregnancy. The pregnancy-mediated changes in adiponectin were strongly correlated with basal insulin levels and insulin sensitivity (p<0.0001). The relationship between adiponectin and insulin sensitivity was related to the decreased insulin regulation of glucose utilisation (r=0.55, p<0.001) but not of endogenous hepatic glucose production. Conclusions/interpretation: These data demonstrate that pregnancy is associated with adiponectin changes in lean women. Hypoadiponectinaemia is reflected by a lower amount of high molecular weight adiponectin and by the ratio of high to low molecular weight multimers. The adiponectin changes relate to decreased insulin sensitivity of glucose disposal rather than alterations of lipid metabolism. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Adiponectin and its gene variants as risk factors for insulin resistance, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease; The increasing prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome/insulin resistance has attracted considerable interest due to their identification as risk factors for cardiovascular disease and, hence, targets for cardiovascular disease prevention. This review focuses on adiponectin, the most profusely secreted protein from adipose tissue, which itself is being increasingly recognised as an important and very active endocrine organ, secreting a wide range of biologically active substances known as adipokines or adipocytokines. Adiponectin has been demonstrated to have insulin sensitising effects, and secretion of adiponectin is reduced as adipose tissue mass increases. Adiponectin has also been demonstrated to have anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic properties, and is independently associated with cardiovascular disease. The evidence that suggests adiponectin plays a role in the relationship between obesity and insulin resistance, and also insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease, is examined. Variation in the adiponectin gene is one tool to determine whether this relationship is causal. The association of identified variants with human disease, specifically obesity and its consequences, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is reviewed. This data may enable patients at greater risk of the adverse effects of obesity to be identified and, as such, benefit from more targeted therapy of its consequences. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relationships between estimates of adiposity, insulin resistance, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in a large group of nondiabetic Korean adults; OBJECTIVE - Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is emerging as a major health problem in parallel with an increasing prevalence of obesity. Insulin resistance and abdominal and overall adiposity are closely associated with NAFLD; however, the interplay between them in the relationship with NAFLD is unclear, especially in nondiabetic individuals. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Abdominal ultrasound, hepatitis serology, and measurements of fasting plasma insulin (FPI), lipid concentrations, overall obesity (BMI), and abdominal obesity (waist circumference) were performed in 56,249 Korean subjects. RESULTS - After rigorous exclusion criteria, 36,654 nondiabetic subjects (54% male) were enrolled. Subjects were divided into control (no fatty liver on ultrasound, serum alanine aminotransferase [ALT] <30 units/l [men] or <19 units/l [women]), fatty liver with normal ALT (FL-NALT), and fatty liver with a high ALT (FL-HALT) groups. After adjusting for age, BMI, and waist circumference, FPI and ratio of triglycerides to HDL cholesterol (TG/HDL-C ratio) were significantly higher in the FL-NALT than in the control group and even higher in the FL-HALT group. Odds ratios for the presence of FL-HALT with increasing quartiles of FPI and TG/HDL-C ratio were increased five- to sevenfold over those of the control group, independent of age, BMI, and waist circumference. CONCLUSIONS - In this large population of individuals of Korean ancestry, results indicate that while overall (BMI) and abdominal (waist circumference) overweight/obesity are associated with features of NAFLD, surrogate estimates of insulin resistance, FPI concentration, and TG/HDL-C ratio predict NAFLD independently of age, BMI, and waist circumference. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. From insulin resistance to mitochondrial dysfunction; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease represents a set of liver lesions similar to those induced by alcohol that develop in individuals with no alcohol abuse. When lesions consist of fatty and hydropic degeneration, inflammation, and eventually fibrosis, the condition is designated non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). The pathogenesis of these lesions is not clearly understood, but they are associated with insulin resistance in most cases. As a result, abdominal fat tissue lipolysis and excessive fatty acid uptake by the liver occur. This, together with a disturbance of triglyceride export as VLDL, results in fatty liver development. Both the inflammatory and hepatocellular degenerative components of NASH are attributed to oxidative stress. Mitochondrial respiratory chain loss of activity plays a critical role in the genesis of latter stress. This may be initiated by an increase in the hepatic TNFα, iNOS induction, peroxynitrite formation, tyrosine nitration and inactivation of enzymes making up this chain. Consequences of oxidative stress include: lipid peroxidation in cell membranes, stellate cell activation in the liver, liver fibrosis, chronic inflammation, and apoptosis. Copyright © 2006 Arán Ediciones, S. L.
A population-based study investigating the association between metabolic syndrome and Hepatitis B/C infection (Keelung Community-based Integrated Screening Study No. 10); Objectives: We aimed to assess the association between metabolic syndrome (MS) and hepatitis B/C virus infection using a large population-based study. Design and methods: A population-based cross-sectional study design was adopted with a total of 53 528 subjects being enrolled from the integrated multiple diseases screening program in Keelung, Taiwan. Evidence of past hepatitis B/C infection, acquired during childhood or as a young adult, was identified during the two-stage liver cancer screening part of the process. Information on biochemical markers and anthropometric measures related to MS, such as fasting blood sugar, triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL), abdominal circumference and blood pressure (BP), were collected routinely while screening for hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and hyperlipidemia. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios and related 95% confidence intervals for the associations between MS and hepatitis B/C infection. Results: High blood pressure (SBP ≥ 135 mmHg or DBP ≥ 85 mmHg) (adjusted odd ratio: 0.89 (0.83-0.94)) and high triglyceride (≥ 150 mg/dl) (adjusted odds ratio: 0.65 (0.60-0.69)) were, after adjusting for gender and age, inversely associated with being HBsAg positive (P < 0.05). The likelihood of developing MS was lower in the HBsAg positive than the HBsAg negative (adjusted odds ratio: 0.84 (0.76-0.93)). A positive association between being anti-HCV positive and having low serum HDL (male < 40 mg/dl, female < 50 mg/dl) was also noted (adjusted odds ratio: 1.61 (1.37-1.88) after controlling for gender and age). High triglyceride was inversely associated with being anti-HCV positive (adjusted odds ratio: 0.63 (0.55-0.71). Conclusions: There is an inverse association between MS and hepatitis B virus infection whereas the association was heterogeneous for HCV infection with a positive association with abnormal serum HDL but an inverse association with hypertriglyceridemia. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Leptin and adiponectin levels in acute pancreatitis; Objectives: Obesity is a risk factor for a severe form of acute pancreatitis (AP). Because the underlying mechanisms are poorly known, we studied relationship between the severity of AP and plasma levels of leptin and adiponectin, 2 adipokines regulating the course of systemic inflammation. Methods: The study comprises 12 patients with severe AP and 12 control patients with mild AP matched by age (±10 years), body mass index (±3 kg/m2), sex, and etiology of AP. Quantikine Human Adiponectin and Quantikine Human Leptin Immunoassays (R&D Systems, Minneapolis, Minn) were used to measure the adipokine levels in the patients' plasma on admission and during the hospital stay. Results: Median leptin concentrations on admission were 6.1 ng/mL (range, 1.6-72.9 ng/mL) in the severe AP group and 9.0 ng/mL (range, 2.5-36.3 ng/mL) in the mild AP group (P > 0.05). In severe AP, the value at days 2 to 4 (7.7 ng/mL; range, 1.6-13.9 ng/mL) did not differ from respective on-admission value (P > 0.05). In mild AP, the value at days 2 to 4 (3.8 ng/mL; range, 1.6-12.9 ng/mL) was lower than the respective on-admission value (P = 0.005). Adiponectin concentrations on admission were 5642 ng/mL (range, 1201-19,400 ng/mL) for severe AP and 6314 ng/mL (range, 1980-24,340 ng/mL) for mild AP (P > 0.05). Maximum variation of adiponectin level (the highest value minus the lowest value) was greater in severe AP than in mild AP (P = 0.001). Conclusions: In patients matched by age, sex, body mass index, and etiology, the on-admission plasma levels of adiponectin and leptin do not correlate with disease severity, suggesting that the adipokines do not affect the course of AP. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Complications of obesity in childhood; Adipose tissue, visceral fat, fatty liver, hypertension, insulin resistance, reproductive abnormalities, acanthosis nigricans, pseudoacromegaly, and sleep apnea are some of the many complications of childhood obesity.
Incretins as new therapeutic targets of type 2 diabetes; The epidemic characteristics of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) pose a formidable challenge in terms of healthcare, given the tremendous impact it has on the healthcare resources needed not only to treat it, but also to prevent and treat the associated cardiovascular complications. This makes up the number 1 cause of DM-associated morbidity-mortality in addition to its social and personal impact. We currently have a growing number of available treatment tools that make it possible to achieve the target glycemic control in most of our patients, albeit unfortunately, only temporarily in a good many of them, because of the progressive nature of the disease. Furthermore, current therapy often entails undesirable effects, such as weight gain or the emergence of hypoglycemias that limit their optimization. Recently, a new class of drugs has been incorporated into the treatment of DM - incretin mimetics. These new drugs act in very much the same way as the intestinal hormones that are naturally secreted following the intake of nutrients, called incretins (e.g., glucagon like peptide-1 [GLP-1]), with the added advantage that these molecules are resistant to enzymatic degradation by the DPP-IV enzyme. This provides them with a half-life that makes ambulatory treatment possible, unlike natural incretins whose half-life is too short to make them viable as treatment. The incretin mimetics bind to GLP-1 receptors, increasing glucose-dependent secretion of insulin and decreasing glucose-dependent posprandial secretion of glucagon, slowing gastric emptying, and reducing food intake. All these mechanisms have a significant impact on glucose homeostasis and a beneficial effect on body weight. Moreover, studies in experimental models suggest that these new molecules might have a promising effect on pancreatic β cell function and mass. Exenatide is the first incretin mimetic available to date. Efficacy and safety data of this drug show it as a therapeutic option for the treatment of type 2 DM.
Ethnicity and inflammatory pathways - Implications for vascular disease, vascular risk and therapeutic intervention; Cardiovascular disease remains the most common cause of death worldwide, yet there is a wide variation in disease prevalence between different ethnic groups. One's individual risk is not entirely explained by 'traditional' risk factors and this, along with the observation that endogenous and lifestyle risk factors appear to cluster in the same individuals has led to the idea that there may be a common mechanism underlying this disease. It has been postulated that inflammatory pathways may be important. Results from our own and other studies have demonstrated that there may be ethnic differences in the level of circulating inflammatory markers which may be partially related to demographic, lifestyle or genetic factors. Before it is possible to add inflammatory markers to global risk scores it is imperative that a clear understanding of their function, normal range and major determinants in different ethnic groups is established. To date the ethnic research in this area has been very sparse and further work is urgently required. The usefulness of these inflammatory markers in the diagnosis and prognosis of disease in these different populations also needs to be investigated before therapeutic strategies can be fully developed. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Long-term consequences of maternal high-fat feeding on hypothalamic leptin sensitivity and diet-induced obesity in the offspring; Epidemiological and animal studies suggest that the alteration of hormonal and metabolic environment during fetal and neonatal development can contribute to development of metabolic syndrome in adulthood. In this paper, we investigated the impact of maternal high-fat (HF) diet on hypothalamic leptin sensitivity and body weight gain of offspring. Adult Wistar female rats received a HF or a control normal-fat (C) diet for 6 wk before gestation until the end of the suckling period. After weaning, pups received either C or HF diet during 6 wk. Body weight gain and metabolic and endocrine parameters were measured in the eight groups of rats formed according to a postweaning diet, maternal diet, and gender. To evaluate hypothalamic leptin sensitivity in each group, STAT-3 phosphorylation was measured in response to leptin or saline intraperitoneal bolus. Pups exhibited similar body weights at birth, but at weaning, those born to HF dams weighed significantly less (-12%) than those born to C dams. When given the HF diet, males and females born to HF dams exhibited smaller body weight and feed efficiency than those born to C dams, suggesting increased energy expenditure programmed by the maternal HF diet. Thus, maternal HF feeding could be protective against adverse effects of the HF diet as observed in male offspring of control dams: overweight (+17%) with hyperleptinemia and hyperinsulinemia. Furthermore, offspring of HF dams fed either C or HF diet exhibited an alteration in hypothalamic leptin-dependent STAT-3 phosphorylation. We conclude that maternal high-fat diet programs a hypothalamic leptin resistance in offspring, which, however, fails to increase the body weight gain until adulthood. Copyright © 2007 the American Physiological Society.
The effects of tesaglitazar as add-on treatment to metformin in patients with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes; This study assessed the effects of tesaglitazar (0.5 or 1 mg/day), a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α/γ agonist, when added to maximally tolerated metformin (2-2.5 g/day) in patients with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes. The primary end point of this 24-week, randomised, placebo-controlled study was the absolute change from baseline in glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1C). Tesaglitazar significantly reduced HbA 1C, fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels compared with placebo (p<0.0001 for all) when added to metformin. Triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and non-HDL-C levels also improved with tesaglitazar treatment (p<0.0001 for all). Adverse events were generally similar across treatments, except for higher frequencies of peripheral oedema and weight gain in the tesaglitazar 1 mg group. Although reversibility was not fully evaluated, dose-dependent changes in mean serum creatinine levels and haematology measures tended to return towards baseline at follow-up. Despite the clinical discontinuation of tesaglitazar, this study has demonstrated the potential benefits of dual PPAR agonism as add-on therapy to metformin, in patients with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes.
Inflammation and immunity: Implication in obesity and type 2 diabetes...; The evidences have been increasingly accumulated on the implication of inflammatory mediators like tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF- α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in the pathological states related to insulin resistance like obesity, type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. There seems a link between insulin resistance and these pro-inflammatory agents, secreted by macrophages and adipocytes. Th (helper) cells are differentiated into either Th1 or Th2 phenotypes. It is generally considered that Th 1 phenotype is pro-inflammatory whereas Th2 phenotype exerts anti-inflammatory (protective) effects. The upregulation of Th1 phenotype may aggravate these pathologies. One of the adipokines, i.e., adiponectin, and insulin act as anti-inflammatory agents. Insulin also favours the differentiation of Th cells into Th2 phenotype. TNF-α and IL-6 might counter balance the action of insulin by interfering with insulin receptor signalling in these pathological situations. The agonists of PPARα and PPARγ, and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may exert an anti-inflammatory effect by shifting Th1/Th2 balance to Th2 phenotype. The factors, implicated in the secretion of inflammatory mediators are not well known, though the role of glucose-induced oxidative stress has been underlined. In this article, we shed light on the cross-talk between pro- and anti-inflammatory agents in these patho-physiological states related to insulin resistance.
Diabetes insipidus and pregnancy; Diabetes insipidus is an uncommon pathology; its incidence varies from two to six cases in 100,000 pregnancies. It has multiple etiologies and it is classified in central and neurogenic. Patients with diabetes insipidus generally show intense thirst, polyuria, neurologic symptoms and hypernatremia. It does not seem to alter the patient's fertility. Diabetes insipidus is usually associated with pre-eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, and fatty liver disease of pregnancy. This is a report of a case seen at the Hospital General de Cholula, in Puebla, Mexico. A 19 year-old female, with 37.2 weeks of pregnancy, had a history of Langerhans cell histiocytosis since she was four years. Patient was treated with intranasal desmopressin until 2005. She went to an obstetric evaluation; laboratory and cabinet studies were obtained. A healthy 1,900 g female was obtained through vaginal delivery, with a 7/9 Apgar score. We should be familiarized with this uncommon pathology because of its association with several obstetric emergencies.
Obesity in children; Obesity is one of the most complex and poorly understood clinical syndromes affecting children and adults throughout the world. In the last decade the estimated number of adults with excess weight has increased dramatically, from 200 million to 300 million affected individuals (1). The current prevalence of this disorder ranges from 5% to 10% of the population in some African and Asian countries to over 75% in urban Samoa (2). Since 1980 obesity rates have risen threefold or more in some areas of North America, United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Middle East, the Pacific Islands, andAustralia. InMexico the prevalence of obesity also exhibited a dramatic increase between 2000 and 2003, obesity now being present in 60% of women and 50% of men (3). Mendez et al. recently observed that, in most developing countries, prevalence rates of overweight in young women exceed prevalence rates of underweight in both urban and rural areas particularly in countries at higher levels of socioeconomic development where the rates of obesity exceed 60% (4). © 2007 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Childhood obesity: A growing public health concern; Childhood obesity has been deemed epidemic, a term usually reserved for infectious diseases that sweep populations. This review begins with guidance regarding obesity definitions and a review of the data on global prevalence. The next section details the myriad health consequences for immediate and long-term physical and psychosocial health outcomes. The authors then discuss what is known regarding distal and proximal causes and correlates at the individual and contextual levels of family, health care, schools and community. The final sections provide a summary of interventions in diverse settings and some current thinking on how the field is likely to evolve over the next several years. © 2006, Future Drugs Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comprehensive clinical management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 6-7% of reproductive-aged women. Although the diagnostic criteria for PCOS have been debated, it is frequently characterized by hyperandrogenism (hirsutism, acne, male-pattern hair loss), oligo-anovulation, and polycystic ovaries on ultrasound. The reproductive and metabolic complications associated with the syndrome can be serious, so a comprehensive approach to the evaluation and treatment of affected women is important. Menstrual cycle control is necessary to prevent endometrial hyperplasia, and this can be accomplished with hormonal contraception, progesterone therapy, and weight loss (if overweight). In women desiring pregnancy, commonly used ovulation induction therapies include weight loss, clomiphene citrate, and/or metformin. Cosmetic issues such as hirsutism, acne and male-pattern hair loss can be challenging to cope with. Treatment options include estrogen-containing hormonal contraceptive agents, antiandrogens, and topical agents. More permanent hair reduction can be achieved with electrolysis and laser therapy. Evaluation of metabolic complications includes risk assessment for diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Women with PCOS should also be screened for sleep apnea, as this has been reported to occur more commonly in women with PCOS. Finally, mental health issues such as depression and eating disorders may be present. Many of the complications associated with PCOS can be managed with therapeutic lifestyle change, including a healthy diet, exercise, weight loss (if overweight), and psychological support. Pharmacological therapies are also available to effectively regulate menstrual cycles and manage cosmetic complications. This article will review the current diagnostic and therapeutic strategies in PCOS.
Steatosis, chronic hepatitis virus C infection and homocysteine; Homocysteine, a sulfuric amino acid involved in methionine metabolism, belongs to the group of intracellular thiols. Hyperhomocysteinemia is frequent in the Caucasian population (more than 15%) and its role in vascular pathology has been clearly established. In hepatology, experimental data in transgenic mice deficient in homocysteine metabolism enzymes have shown the presence of severe liver steatosis with occasional steatohepatitis. In human beings, many studies have found a correlation between homocysteine and steatosis or even NASH. Some authors have suggested a discriminating threshold to differentiate simple steatosis from NASH. In chronic hepatitis C, preliminary data have shown that hyperhomocysteinemia is an independent risk factor for steatosis or even fibrosis. The physiopathological mechanism has now begun to be better understood. On one hand, there is a strong correlation between homocysteine and insulin resistance whatever its etiology. On the other hand, homocysteine has a direct effect on the liver, resulting in over expression of SREBP-1 and favouring steatosis. It stimulates proinflammatory cytokine secretion such as NF kappa B increasing the risk of NASH. Finally, homocysteine could increase the risk of fibrosis by stimulating TIMP 1. Moreover hepatitis C virus induces hypomethylation of STAT 1 and could decrease the antiviral activity of interferon. Results from in vitro studies have shown that the normalisation of STAT 1 methylation by bringing betaine and S Adenosyl Methionine (which belongs to homocysteine cycle) restores the antiviral activity of interferon. These data should be confirmed to evaluate the importance of homocysteine dosage in the diagnosis of NASH. Finally, treatment of hyperhomocysteinemia could have favourable consequences in steatopathies and HCV infection. © 2007. Elsevier Masson SAS.
Do low levels of circulating adiponectin represent a biomarker or just another risk factor for the metabolic syndrome?; The metabolic syndrome is currently defined by various combinations of insulin resistance, obesity, dyslipidaemia and hypertension. The tendency for these risk factors to appear simultaneously suggests a single aetiologic basis. A low level of circulating adiponectin is associated with the appearance of each metabolic syndrome risk factor. The following review summarizes a large body of evidence that suggests a low level of circulating adiponectin represents an independent risk factor and a possible biomarker for the metabolic syndrome. An association between the metabolic syndrome and low adiponectin supports the view that the development of the metabolic syndrome may be triggered by a single underlying mechanism. Clinical studies in the future may show that a low level of circulating adiponectin is a primary biomarker for a specific cluster of metabolic syndrome risk factors rather than all the possible combinations of risk factors currently used to identify the metabolic syndrome. The significance of low circulating adiponectin in risk assessment models should ultimately be compared against insulin resistance, obesity, dyslipidaemia, hypertension and other metabolic syndrome risk factors presently under consideration. Adiponectin can be measured reliably in a clinical setting; circulating values of adiponectin do not fluctuate on a diurnal basis as much as insulin, glucose, triglycerides or cholesterol and only 2-4 μl of blood are currently needed for its measurement. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Genetics of noradrenergic neurobiology; Introduction The genetic paradigm is one of inheritance and variation. A critical domain of application of the genetic paradigm is the common complex diseases, including several that involve noradrenergic function. These diseases, including hypertension and psychiatric disorders such as anxiety and depression, are substantially heritable, indicating a powerful role for inherited gene variation. The genetics tools, both informational and technical, have developed very rapidly during the past two decades and have created a scientific revolution. Whole-genome sequencing projects have been completed, beginning with microbial genomes and continuing with the eukaryotic species: human, chimpanzee, mouse, rat, dog, and fruit fly. The genome sequences provide an informational resource of linear sequence and sequence variation. A series of new technologies has been created to apply the knowledge, including bioinformatics, robotics, and genotyping chemistries. Many of the principal aspects of the genome are still poorly understood, for example, the regulation of alternative splicing, control of transcription, role of intergenic material, and function of many noncoding RNAs. Gene prediction is uncertain. Although many common disorders (e.g., cardiovascular, autoimmune, psychiatric) have genetic etiologies, their inheritance is genetically complex, such that variations in more than one gene lead to a phenotype, prominent gene x environment interactions, and gene x gene interactions may also occur. © Cambridge University Press 2007 and 2009.
Childhood obesity; Children are losing shape at the very time life should be taking shape! Obesity influences every aspect of a child's life. Not surprisingly, it also influences every component of the musculoskeletal system. A NIH scientist, a psychologist, and a medical doctor describe ways clinicians can make a difference. © 2006 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
The human obesity gene map: The 2005 update; This paper presents the 12th update of the human obesity gene map, which incorporates published results up to the end of October 2005. Evidence from single-gene mutation obesity cases, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, transgenic and knockout murine models relevant to obesity, quantitative trait loci (QTL) from animal cross-breeding experiments, association studies with candidate genes, and linkages from genome scans is reviewed. As of October 2005, 176 human obesity cases due to single-gene mutations in 11 different genes have been reported, 50 loci related to Mendelian syndromes relevant to human obesity have been mapped to a genomic region, and causal genes or strong candidates have been identified for most of these syndromes. There are 244 genes that, when mutated or expressed as transgenes in the mouse, result in phenotypes that affect body weight and adiposity. The number of QTLs reported from animal models currently reaches 408. The number of human obesity QTLs derived from genome scans continues to grow, and we now have 253 QTLs for obesity-related phenotypes from 61 genome-wide scans. A total of 52 genomic regions harbor QTLs supported by two or more studies. The number of studies reporting associations between DNA sequence variation in specific genes and obesity phenotypes has also increased considerably, with 426 findings of positive associations with 127 candidate genes. A promising observation is that 22 genes are each supported by at least five positive studies. The obesity gene map shows putative loci on all chromosomes except Y. The electronic version of the map with links to useful publications and relevant sites can be found at http://obesitygene.pbrc.edu. Copyright © 2006 NAASO.
Antidiabetic agents in subjects with mild dysglycaemia: prevention or early treatment of type 2 diabetes?; Besides lifestyle, various pharmacological treatments have proven their efficacy to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in high-risk individuals, especially in those with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and/or impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Major placebo-controlled clinical trials demonstrated favourable effects of various glucose-lowering drugs generally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, i.e. metformin, acarbose and thiazolidinediones (glitazones). These trials showed a lower rate of progression to overt diabetes and a higher regression rate to a normal glucose status with active treatment as compared to placebo after a follow up of several years. Ongoing trials should confirm such a favourable effect with those drugs and may demonstrate a similar protective effect with other pharmacological approaches such as glinides or even basal insulin regimen. However, the reported favourable effects were generally observed while the subjects were still on treatment, and partially vanished after a rather short period of wash-out of several weeks. Therefore, the distinction between a true preventing effect and simply a masking effect is difficult with glucose-lowering drugs. In addition, as type 2 diabetes is a progressive disease, it is still questionable whether the effect corresponds to a prevention effect or only to a postponing of the development of the disease. Owing to the pathophysiology of the disease, the only way to block the progression of type 2 diabetes is probably to avoid the progressive loss of β-cell function and/or mass. Whatsoever, these data obtained in large clinical trials bring further argument to support early treatment of diabetes, even at a prediabetic state, in order to stop the vicious circle leading to an inevitable deterioration of glycaemia in predisposed subjects. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Adipose tissue inflammation and increased ceramide content characterize subjects with high liver fat content independent of obesity; OBJECTIVE - We sought to determine whether adipose tissue is inflamed in individuals with increased liver fat (LFAT) independently of obesity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 20 nondiabetic, healthy, obese women were divided into normal and high LFAT groups based on their median LFAT level (2.3 ±0.3 vs. 14.4 ± 2.9%). Surgical subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies were studied using quantitative PCR, immunohistochemistry, and a lipidomics approach to search for putative mediators of insulin resistance and inflammation. The groups were matched for age and BMI. The high LFAT group had increased insulin (P = 0.0025) and lower HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02) concentrations. RESULTS - Expression levels of the macrophage marker CD68, the chemokines monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and macrophage inflammatory protein-1α, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were significantly increased, and those of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ and adiponectin decreased in the high LFAT group. CD68 expression correlated with the number of macrophages and crown-like structures (multiple macrophages fused around dead adipocytes). Concentrations of 154 lipid species in adipose tissue revealed several differences between the groups, with the most striking being increased concentrations of triacylglycerols, particularly long chain, and ceramides, specifically Cer(d18:1/24:1) (P = 0.01), in the high LFAT group. Expression of sphingomyelinases SMPD1 and SMPD3 were also significantly increased in the high compared with normal LFAT group. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
Lipotoxicity versus adipotoxicity-The deleterious effects of adipose tissue on beta cells in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is thought to be a culmination of two seemingly distinct processes, insulin resistance and beta cell failure, both of which have been closely linked to obesity. Here, we focus on the various deleterious effects of obesity on the beta cell. Obesity can affect beta cells directly through the influence of elevated levels of free fatty acids (FFA), or remotely through the newly termed group of cytokines that are secreted by adipose tissue-adipokines. The direct effect of free fatty acids, termed lipotoxicity, is thought to be the result of activation of multiple intracellular signals in the beta cell, eventually leading to apoptosis and reduced insulin secretion. The remote effect of obesity is thought to be mediated by adipokines such as TNF-alpha, IL-6, leptin, omentin, visfatin, adipsin, resistin, apelin and retinol binding protein (rbp4). The currently known effects of these adipokines on beta cell function and survival are reviewed here. © 2006.
Molecular approaches to study control of glucose homeostasis; Type 2 diabetes is a polygenic disease that can lead to severe complications in multiple tissues. Rodent models have been used widely for investigating the pathophysiology underlying type 2 diabetes and for examining the potential link with obesity, largely due to the limitations of invasive testing and of studying detailed molecular mechanisms in human tissues. Among rodents, the mouse model is especially popular because mice are easy to manipulate genetically, have a short generation time, and are relatively inexpensive. The most commonly used inbred mouse strains are reviewed in addition to several genetically engineered mouse models that have been generated to study type 2 diabetes in the context of obesity, with a focus on insulin, leptin, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling pathways.
Adiponectin in health and disease; Adipose tissue is an active metabolic tissue that secretes multiple metabolically important proteins, known as adipokines. Adiponectin is an important adipokine because of its beneficial effects on glucose and lipid metabolism. Low levels of adiponectin are associated with disease states such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Direct administration of adiponectin has been shown to be beneficial in animal models of diabetes, obesity and atherosclerosis. Adiponectin levels in humans can be increased through indirect methods such as weight loss or treatment with thiazolidinediones. This article will review the epidemiology and therapeutic options with adiponectin. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Mechanisms of Disease: Hepatic steatosis in type 2 diabetes - Pathogenesis and clinical relevance; Hepatic steatosis is defined by an increased content of hepatocellular lipids (HCLs) and is frequently observed in insulin-resistant states including type 2 diabetes mellitus. A dietary excess of saturated fat contributes significantly to HCL accumulation. Elevated HCL levels mainly account for hepatic insulin resistance, which is probably mediated by partitioning of free fatty acids to the liver (fat overflow) and by an imbalance of adipocytokines (decreased adiponectin and/or increased proinflammatory cytokines). Both free fatty acids and adipocytokines activate inflammatory pathways that include protein kinase C, the transcription factor nuclear factor κB, and c-Jun N-terminal kinase 1 and can thereby accelerate the progression of hepatic steatosis to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and cirrhosis. Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy has made it possible to quantify HCL concentrations and to detect even small changes in these concentrations in clinical settings. Moderately hypocaloric, fat-reduced diets can decrease HCL levels by ∼40-80% in parallel with loss of up to 8% of body weight. Treatment with thiazolidinediones (e.g. pioglitazone and rosiglitazone) reduces HCL levels by 30-50% by modulating insulin sensitivity and endocrine function of adipose tissue in type 2 diabetes. Metformin improves hepatic insulin action without affecting HCL levels, whereas insulin infusion for 67 h increases HCL levels by ∼18%; furthermore, HCL levels positively correlate with the insulin dosage in insulin-treated type 2 diabetes. In conclusion, liver fat is a critical determinant of metabolic fluxes and inflammatory processes, thereby representing an important therapeutic target in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. ©2006 Nature PublishingGroup.
Molecular genetics of experimental hypertension and the metabolic syndrome: From gene pathways to new therapies; Genetic studies of human and experimental hypertension provide a means to identify key pathways that predispose individuals to increased blood pressure and associated risk factors for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The pathways so identified can then serve as targets for therapeutic intervention. This article discusses genetic studies in animal models of hypertension in which specific genes have been identified that regulate blood pressure and biochemical features of the metabolic syndrome. Consistent with studies in humans with monogenic disorders of blood pressure regulation, studies in rat models have demonstrated that naturally occurring genetic variation in pathways regulating sodium chloride transport can contribute to inherited variation in blood pressure. Such studies have also indicated that naturally occurring variation in genes, such as Cd36, that regulate fatty acid metabolism and ectopic accumulation of fat and fat metabolites can influence both biochemical and hemodynamic features of the metabolic syndrome and mediate the antidiabetic effects of drugs that activate the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ. Angiotensin II receptor blockers with the ability to selectively modulate activity of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ and expression of genes in these fat metabolism pathways may represent useful prototypes for a new class of transcription modulating drugs aimed at treating patients with hypertension and the metabolic syndrome. © 2007 American Heart Association, Inc.
Microcirculation and the metabolic syndrome; The present review, to the authors' knowledge, is the first to specifically address the relationships between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome, a cluster of metabolic and cardiovascular modifications highly prevalent in the general population. Its close link to overweight and insulin resistance makes it the main cause of the worldwide burden of type 2 diabetes. However, metabolic syndrome is also observed in many other diseases, particularly, but not exclusively, those where insulin resistance is a main feature. Analysis of the literature reveals that this clinical situation is invariably linked to microvascular disturbances, such as abnormalities in arteriolar reactivity, capillary recruitment, permeability, and hemorheology. A particularly interesting observation is that these defects in small vessel structure and function are seen very early in life or disease. Very importantly, they further suggest that microcirculatory abnormalities may be not only secondary but also causal to the development and/or aggravation of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Mechanisms responsible for these modifications remain largely unknown, but insulin's vascular effects in the microvascular network, detailed in this review, are at least one example of such connections. The existing data point to a clear, at least bidirectional, relationship between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome. Additional studies should determine the level of reciprocal causality.
Metabolic Syndrome: Screening, Diagnosis, and Management; Metabolic syndrome, a growing issue in women's health, is a cluster of health findings that increase the risk of cardiovascular events. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is higher in women and is linked to several conditions unique to women's health, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and female sexual dysfunction. Risk factors, screening strategies, and therapeutic management of metabolic syndrome in women are discussed. © 2006 American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Diet, obesity and diabetes: A current update; The prevalence of obesity has been increasing at a rapid rate over the last few decades. Although the primary defect can be attributed to an imbalance of energy intake over energy expenditure, the regulation of energy balance is now recognized to be complex. Adipose-tissue factors play a central role in the control of energy balance and whole-body fuel homoeostasis. The regulation of adipose-tissue function, in particular its secretion of adipokines, is impaired by increases in adipose mass associated with obesity, and with the development of insulin resistance and Type 2 diabetes. This review analyses adipose-regulated energy input and expenditure, together with the impact of dietary macronutrient composition on energy balance in relation to susceptibility to the development of obesity and Type 2 diabetes, and how these metabolic conditions may be exacerbated by the consequences of abnormal adipose function. By gaining a greater understanding of how energy balance is controlled in normal, and in obese and diabetic states, a more practical approach can be employed to prevent and better treat obesity and metabolic disorders. © 2007 The Biochemical Society.
Fat-induced insulin resistance and atherosclerosis; Physiological elevations of plasma free fatty acid (FFA) levels cause peripheral (muscle), hepatic, and vascular insulin resistance, whereas lowering of plasma FFA levels improves peripheral insulin sensitivity in diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. FFA-induced insulin resistance in muscle is produced by defects in insulin-stimulated glucose transport and/or phosphorylation and in glycogen synthesis, which develop over 2-6 h. Development of these defects is temporally associated with accumulation in liver and in muscle cells of diacylglycerol (DAG) and activation of serine/threonine kinases including protein kinase C (PKC) and inhibitor of κB-kinase. In nondiabetic, obese subjects, FFA-induced insulin resistance is fully or nearly fully compensated by FFA-mediated stimulation of insulin secretion. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), FFA-mediated stimulation of insulin secretion is impaired; hence, FFA-induced insulin resistance needs to be compensated by hype glycemia. Acute elevation of plasma FFA levels also activate the proinflammatory and proatherosclerotic inhibitor of κB/nuclear factor κB pathway in muscle and liver and this might play a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerotic vascular disease and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Normalizing plasma FFA levels is, therefore, proposed as an approach to reduce insulin resistance and the risk for type 2 diabetes, atherosclerotic vascular diseases and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. © 2006 Humana Press Inc.
Effect of calorie restriction with or without exercise on insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, fat cell size, and ectopic lipid in overweight subjects; OBJECTIVE - The purpose of this article was to determine the relationships among total body fat, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), fat cell size (FCS), ectopic fat deposition in liver (intrahepatic lipid [IHL]) and muscle (intramyocellular lipid [IMCL]), and insulin sensitivity index (Si) in healthy overweight, glucose-tolerant subjects and the effects of calorie restriction by diet alone or in conjunction with exercise on these variables. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Forty-eight overweight volunteers were randomly assigned to four groups: control (100% of energy requirements), 25% calorie restriction (CR), 12.5% calorie restriction +12.5% energy expenditure through structured exercise (CREX), or 15% weight loss by a low-calorie diet followed by weight maintenance for 6 months (LCD). Weight, percent body fat, VAT, IMCL, IHL, FCS, and Si were assessed at baseline and month 6. RESULTS - At baseline, FCS was related to VAT and IHL (P < 0.05) but not to IMCL. FCS was also the strongest determinant of Si (P < 0.01). Weight loss at month 6 was 1 ± 1% (control, mean ± SE), 10 ± 1% (CR), 10 ± 1% (CREX), and 14 ± 1% (LCD). VAT, FCS, percent body fat, and IHL were reduced in the three intervention groups (P < 0.01), but IMCL was unchanged. Si was increased at month 6 (P = 0.05) in the CREX (37 ± 18%) and LCD (70 ± 34%) groups (P < 0.05) and tended to increase in the CR group (40 ± 20%, P = 0.08). Together the improvements in Si were related to loss in weight, fat mass, and VAT, but not IHL, IMCL, or FCS. CONCLUSIONS - Large adipocytes lead to lipid deposition in visceral and hepatic tissues, promoting insulin resistance. Calorie restriction by diet alone or with exercise reverses this trend. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
Metformin and pioglitazone: Effectively treating insulin resistance; Background: Insulin resistance has a complex etiology, with multiple manifestations across the organ systems involved in glucose homeostasis. Glucose-lowering drug therapies that target insulin resistance can therefore utilize different mechanistic approaches. Two key classes of insulin-sensitizing agents - the biguanides (principally metformin) and thiazolidinediones (pioglitazone and rosiglitazone) - have distinct molecular mechanisms of action and differing effects on metabolic dysfunction. This provides an opportunity for complementary beneficial effects in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and on the potential consequences of insulin resistance, such as dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis. Scope: This review (based upon EMBASE and MEDLINE searches from January 1990 to April 2006) highlights the mechanistic distinctions and clinical data that support the rationale for thiazolidinedione/metformin combination therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes. Findings: The different insulin-sensitizing mechanisms of metformin and the thiazolidinediones are manifest in partially distinct effects on hepatic and peripheral glucose homeostasis, and clinical studies show improved glucose control with combination therapy. Both metformin and thiazolidinediones may also have pancreatic β-cell preserving properties. Furthermore, they have different beneficial effects on several other metabolic risk markers and risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Whereas the thiazolidinediones (particularly pioglitazone) have greater effects on multiple aspects of dyslipidemia, metformin has anorexigenic properties. They also have distinct effects on levels of mediators involved in inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, and outcome studies suggest that either pioglitazone or metformin may reduce the risk of macrovascular events. Conclusion: The distinct, but complementary, mechanisms of action of the thiazolidinediones and metformin provide the opportunity for effective combination therapy with two insulin-sensitizing agents. Such an approach has consequences, not only for improved glucose control, but also for reducing metabolic risk and potentially improving major cardiovascular disease outcomes. © 2006 Librapharm Limited.
Genetics of the metabolic syndrome; The concept of a metabolic syndrome (MetS), a cluster of pre-clinical metabolic alterations commonly associated with obesity, is the object of much debate. Genetic studies have the potential to contribute to some of the key questions, including the true nature of the cluster of pre-clinical features and whether it is associated with human genetic variation. This review summarizes the evidence for the presence of familial aggregation for the individual components of MetS and their heritability levels. It also provides an overview of the studies that have dealt with candidate genes for MetS. Potential leads from genome-wide linkage scans are also discussed. The assumption is made that obesity, ectopic fat deposition and abnormal adipose tissue metabolism are responsible for alterations in lipid metabolism, which in turn generates the commonly observed pre-clinical shifts in glucose tolerance, lipids and lipoprotein profile, blood pressure, inflammatory markers, endothelial function, and a prothrombotic state. Progress in the understanding of the genetic basis of MetS should occur as soon as a consensus is reached on the true nature of MetS, its components and diagnostic criteria. © 2007 NRC Canada.
Liver fat in the metabolic syndrome; Background: The liver, once fatty, overproduces components of the metabolic syndrome, such as glucose and lipids. The amount of liver fat in subjects with and without the metabolic syndrome has not been determined. It is unknown which clinically available markers best reflect liver fat content. Measurements: Components of the metabolic syndrome as defined by the International Diabetes Federation and liver fat content by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy were measured in 271 nondiabetic subjects (162 women, 109 men). In addition, other features of insulin resistance (serum insulin, C-peptide), intraabdominal and sc fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and liver enzymes (serum alanine aminotransferase and serum aspartate aminotransferase) were measured. Results: Liver fat was 4-fold higher in subjects with [n = 116; median 8.2% (interquartile range 3.2-18.7%)] than without [n = 155; 2.0% (1.0-5.0%); P < 0.0001] the metabolic syndrome. This increase in liver fat remained significant after adjusting for age, gender, and body mass index. All components of the metabolic syndrome correlated with liver fat content. The best correlate was waist in both women (r = 0.59, P < 0.0001) and men (r = 0.56, P < 0.0001). Liver fat correlated significantly with serum alanine aminotransferase (r = 0.39, P = 0.0001 for women; r = 0.44, P < 0.0001 for men) and aspartate aminotransferase (r = 0.27, P = 0.0005 for women; r = 0.31, P < 0.0012 for men) concentrations. The best correlates of liver fat were fasting serum insulin (r = 0.61; P < 0.0001 for both women and men) and C-peptide (r = 0.62; P < 0.0001 for both women and men). Conclusions: Liver fat content is significantly increased in subjects with the metabolic syndrome as compared with those without the syndrome, independently of age, gender, and body mass index. Of other markers, serum C-peptide is the strongest correlate of liver fat. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society.
Increased prevalence of prior breast cancer in women with newly diagnosed diabetes; Objective. There is growing evidence of a link between type 2 diabetes and breast cancer, possibly through insulin resistance and/or hyperinsulinemia. Because insulin levels are at their highest prior to the development of diabetes, breast cancer risk may be even greater during the pre-diabetes period. Research design and methods. In this cross-sectional study, women aged 55-79 years living in Ontario, Canada, with newly diagnosed diabetes from 1994 to 2002 were identified from a validated, population-based database (N = 82,390). Prior history of breast cancer in this group was recorded from 1964 until their diabetes diagnosis from a linkable cancer registry, and was compared to a similarly aged comparison group without diabetes (N = 411,950). Results. Prior breast cancers were identified in 3.7% of women with diabetes and in 3.1% women without diabetes (odds ratio, OR 1.22, 95% confidence interval, CI 1.17-1.27, p < 0.0001). The mean time from breast cancer diagnosis to diabetes diagnosis was 7.9 years. The likelihood of a breast cancer history remained significantly higher in women with diabetes after adjustment for age, income and physician visits (OR 1.13, 95% CI 1.09-1.18, p < 0.0001). Conclusions. These results suggest that breast cancer risk may be increased in the pre-diabetes phase and may have implications for screening and prevention strategies. Further studies are required to better characterize the processes that link insulin resistance, diabetes and breast cancer. © Springer 2006.
Pioglitazone treatment increases whole body fat but not total body water in patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; Background/Aims: Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) is a chronic liver disease frequently associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Pioglitazone reverses the metabolic and histological abnormalities of patients with impaired glucose tolerance or T2DM and NASH, but also leads to weight gain. To understand the nature of weight gain associated with pioglitazone treatment in NASH we analyzed 35 patients who completed tests for determination of whole body fat (WBF) and total body water (TBW). Methods: Twenty-one patients received pioglitazone and 14 placebo in a double-blind, randomized fashion for a period of 6 months. WBF and TBW were measured before and after treatment using DXA, a water dilution technique and bioimpedance. Results: Pioglitazone increased body weight (from 93.6 ± 4.2 to 96.1 ± 4.5 kg, p < 0.003) and WBF measured with DXA (from 32.9 ± 2.1 to 35.4 ± 2.5 kg, p < 0.002) while no changes were seen with placebo. Total body water was not altered significantly either after pioglitazone (from 45.4 ± 2.3 to 45.6 ± 2.7 l, p = NS) or placebo. Muscle hydration and extracellular water were unchanged both by pioglitazone and placebo treatments. Conclusions: Six months of pioglitazone treatment in patients with NASH is associated with weight gain that is attributable to an increase in adipose tissue mass and not to water retention. © 2007 European Association for the Study of the Liver.
Body mass index and hip and thigh circumferences are negatively associated with visceral adipose tissue after control for waist circumference; Background: Waist circumference (WC) is positively associated with morbidity and mortality with or without control for hip circumference (HC) or body mass index (BMI; in kg/m2). This association is thought to be explained by an expanded visceral adipose tissue (VAT) depot. Conversely, HC and BMI are negatively associated with morbidity and mortality after control for WC. Whether this inverse association is explained in part by the ability of HC and BMI to identify subjects with increased subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), increased skeletal muscle (SM) mass, or decreased VAT after control for WC is unclear. Objective: We examined the independent associations between WC, HC, thigh circumference (ThC), and BMI with VAT and total, lower-body, and abdominal SAT and SM. Design: Total and regional body composition were measured in 256 white men and women with magnetic resonance imaging. Results: WC, HC, ThC, and BMI were all positively correlated with total, lower-body, and abdominal SAT and SM and with VAT. After statistical control for WC, HC, ThC, and BMI remained positively associated with total, lower-body, and abdominal SAT and SM (men only) but were negatively associated with VAT(P < 0.05). HC(P < 0.05) but not BMI(P < 0.10) or ThC(P < 0.06) remained negatively associated with VAT after further control for age. Conclusions: HC, ThC, and BMI are positively associated with total, lower-body, and abdominal SAT and SM but negatively associated with VAT after control for WC. However, only HC remained negatively associated with VAT after control for age and WC. © 2007 American Society for Nutrition.
Adipocytokines - Novel link between inflammation and vascular function?; Obesity and obesity related diseases are a major public health problem. Recent studies have shown that fat tissue is not a simple energy storage organ, but exerts important endocrine and immune functions. These are achieved predominantly through release of adipocytokines, which include several novel and highly active molecules released abundantly by adipocytes like leptin, resistin, adiponectin or visfatin, as well as some more classical cytokines released possibly by inflammatory cells infiltrating fat, like TNF-α, IL-6, MCP-1 (CCL-2), IL-1. All of those molecules may act on immune cells leading to local and generalized inflammation and may also affect vascular (endothelial) function by modulating vascular nitric oxide and superoxide release and mediating obesity related vascular disorders (including hypertension, diabetes, atherosclerosis, and insulin resistance) but also cancer or non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases. Present review, in a concise form, focuses on the effects of major adipocytokines, characteristic for adipose tissue like leptin, adiponectin, resistin and visfatin on the immune system, particularly innate and adaptive immunity as well as on blood vessels. Macrophages and T cells are populating adipose tissue which develops into almost an organized immune organ. Activated T cells further migrate to blood vessels, kidney, brain and other organs surrounded by infiltrated fat leading to their damage, thus providing a link between metabolic syndrome, inflammation and cardiovascular and other associated disorders. Ceretain treatments may lead to significant changes in adipocytokine levels. For example include beta-2 adrenoreceptor agonists, thiazolidinediones as well as androgens lead to decrease of plasma leptin levels. Moreover future treatments of metabolic system associated disorders should focus on the regulation of adipocytokines and their modes of action.
α2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein/fetuin-A is associated with insulin resistance and fat accumulation in the liver in humans; OBJECTIVE - The α2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein (AHSG; fetuin-A in animals) impairs insulin signaling in vitro and in rodents. Whether AHSG is associated with insulin resistance in humans is under investigation. In an animal model of diet-induced obesity that is commonly associated with hepatic steatosis, an increase in Ahsg mRNA expression was observed in the liver. Therefore, we hypothesized that the AHSG plasma protein, which is exclusively secreted by the liver in humans, may not only be associated with insulin resistance but also with fat accumulation in the liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data from 106 healthy Caucasians without type 2 diabetes were included in cross-sectional analyses. A subgroup of 47 individuals had data from a longitudinal study. Insulin sensitivity was measured by a euglycemic- hyperinsulinemic clamp, and liver fat was determined by 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS - AHSG plasma levels, adjusted for age, sex, and percentage of body fat, were higher in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance compared with subjects with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.006). AHSG plasma levels were negatively associated with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.22, P = 0.03) in cross-sectional analyses. Moreover, they were positively associated with liver fat (r = 0.27, P = 0.01). In longitudinal analyses, under weight loss, a decrease in liver fat was accompanied by a decrease in AHSG plasma concentrations. Furthermore, high AHSG levels at baseline predicted less increase in insulin sensitivity (P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS - We found that high AHSG plasma levels are associated with insulin resistance in humans. Moreover, AHSG plasma levels are elevated in subjects with fat accumulation in the liver. This is consistent with a potential role of AHSG as a link between fatty liver and insulin resistance. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
Physical activity in the treatment of obesity: Beyond body weight reduction; The prevalence of obesity is high and continues to increase. Obesity is a leading risk factor for premature mortality and numerous chronic health conditions. The role of physical activity as a treatment and (or) preventive strategy for combating obesity has been the subject of substantial research. Most of this research has focused solely on reductions in total body weight and (or) fat mass as the indicator of treatment success. Because the deposition of fat in the abdomen and nonadipose tissues of the liver and muscle plays a major role in the development of obesity-related health risk, these depots have emerged as alternative targets for obesity treatment. Absent from previous reviews is a detailed consideration of the influence of physical activity on these treatment outcomes. The purpose of this review is to evaluate the independent role of physical activity in the treatment of obesity in a broader context; that is, through its effects on abdominal obesity and liver and muscle fat, in addition to its established effects on body weight and (or) total fat mass. Consideration is also given to the utility of physical activity with minimal or no weight loss in the treatment of obesity. © 2007 NRC Canada.
PPARα activation reverses adverse effects induced by high-saturated-fat feeding on pancreatic β-cell function in late pregnancy; We examined whether the additional demand for insulin secretion imposed by dietary saturated fat-induced insulin resistance during pregnancy is accommodated at late pregnancy, already characterized by insulin resistance. We also assessed whether effects of dietary saturated fat are influenced by PPARα activation or substitution of 7% of dietary fatty acids (FAs) with long-chain ω-3 FA, manipulations that improve insulin action in the nonpregnant state. Glucose tolerance at day 19 of pregnancy in the rat was impaired by high-saturated-fat feeding throughout pregnancy. Despite modestly enhanced glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) in vivo, islet perifusions revealed an increased glucose threshold and decreased glucose responsiveness of GSIS in the saturated-fat-fed pregnant group. Thus, insulin resistance evoked by dietary saturated fat is partially countered by augmented insulin secretion, but compensation is compromised by impaired islet function. Substitution of 7% of saturated FA with long-chain ω-3 FA suppressed GSIS in vivo but did not modify the effect of saturated-fat feeding to impair GSIS by perifused islets. PPARα activation (24 h) rescued impaired islet function that was identified using perifused islets, but GSIS in vivo was suppressed such that glucose tolerance was not improved, suggesting modification of the feedback loop between insulin action and secretion. Copyright © 2007 the American Physiological Society.
Cardiovascular risk factors in pre-pubertal Malays: Effects of diabetic parentage; Diabetes prevalence is increasing rapidly in Asian populations but the influence of a family history of diabetes on cardiovascular risk is unknown. To assess this relationship, 120 urban-dwelling Malays were recruited to a cross-sectional case-control study. Sixty were pre-pubertal children, 30 of diabetic parentage (Group 1) and 30 with no diabetes family history (Group 2). Group 1 and 2 subjects were the offspring of adults with (Group 3) or without (Group 4) type 2 diabetes. Subjects were assessed for clinical and biochemical variables defining cardiovascular risk. Principal component analysis assessed clustering of variables in the children. Group 1 subjects had a higher mean waist:hip ratio, diastolic blood pressure and HbA1c than those in Group 2, and a lower HDL:total cholesterol ratio (P < 0.03). Although there were no correlations between Group 1 and 3 subjects for cardiovascular risk variables, significant associations were found in Groups 2 and 4, especially HbA1c and insulin sensitivity (P ≤ 0.004). Of five separate clusters of variables (factors) identified amongst the children, the strongest comprised diabetic parentage, HbA1c, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure. Features of the metabolic syndrome are becoming evident in the young non-obese children of diabetic Malays, suggesting that lifestyle factors merit particular attention in this group. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exercise training and calorie restriction increase SREBP-1 expression and intramuscular triglyceride in skeletal muscle; Intramuscular triglyceride (IMTG) deposition in skeletal muscle is associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and is thought to be related to insulin resistance (IR). Curiously, despite enhanced skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity, highly trained athletes and calorie-restricted (CR) monkeys also have increased IMTG. Sterol regulatory element-binding proteins (SREBPs) are transcription factors that regulate the biosynthesis of cholesterol and fatty acids. SREBP-1 is increased by insulin in skeletal muscle in vitro and in skeletal muscle of IR subjects, but SREBP-1 expression has not been examined in exercise training or calorie restriction. We examined the relationship between IMTG and SREBP-1 expression in animal models of exercise and calorie restriction. Gastrocnemius and soleus muscle biopsies were obtained from 38 Sprague-Dawley rats (18 control and 20 exercise trained). Triglyceride content was higher in the gastrocnemius and soleus muscles of the trained rats. SREBP-1c mRNA, SREBP-1 precursor and mature proteins, and fatty acid synthase (FAS) protein were increased with exercise training. Monkeys (Macaca mulatta) were CR for a mean of 10.4 years, preventing weight gain and IR. Vastus lateralis muscle was obtained from 12 monkeys (6 CR and 6 controls). SREBP-1 precursor and mature proteins and FAS protein were higher in the CR monkeys. In addition, phosphorylation of ERK1/ERK2 was increased in skeletal muscle of CR animals. In summary, SREBP-1 protein and SREBP-1c mRNA are increased in interventions that increase IMTG despite enhanced insulin sensitivity. CR and exercise-induced augmentation of SREBP-1 expression may be responsible for the increased IMTG seen in skeletal muscle of highly conditioned athletes.
Metabolic risk-factor clustering estimation in children: To draw a line across pediatric metabolic syndrome; Background: The diagnostic criteria of the metabolic syndrome (MS) have been applied in studies of obese adults to estimate the metabolic risk-associated with obesity, even though no general consensus exists concerning its definition and clinical value. We reviewed the current literature on the MS, focusing on those studies that used the MS diagnostic criteria to analyze children, and we observed extreme heterogeneity for the sets of variables and cutoff values chosen. Objectives: To discuss concerns regarding the use of the existing definition of the MS (as defined in adults) in children and adolescents, analyzing the scientific evidence needed to detect a clustering of cardiovascular risk-factors. Finally, we propose a new methodological approach for estimating metabolic risk-factor clustering in children and adolescents. Results: Major concerns were the lack of information on the background derived from a child's family and personal history; the lack of consensus on insulin levels, lipid parameters, markers of inflammation or steato-hepatitis; the lack of an additive relevant effect of the MS definition to obesity per se. We propose the adoption of 10 evidence-based items from which to quantify metabolic risk-factor clustering, collected in a multilevel Metabolic Individual Risk-factor And CLustering Estimation (MIRACLE) approach, and thus avoiding the use of the current MS term in children. Conclusion: Pediatricians should consider a novel and specific approach to assessing children/adolescents and should not simply derive or adapt definitions from adults. Evaluation of insulin and lipid levels should be included only when specific references for the relation of age, gender, pubertal status and ethnic origin to health risk become available. This new approach could be useful for improving the overall quality of patient evaluation and for optimizing the use of the limited resources available facing to the obesity epidemic. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Metabolic syndrome due to early life nutritional modifications; Obesity is a rapidly growing worldwide epidemic that is especially prevalent in the United States. Recent data estimate that 66% of American adults are overweight, with about 32% being obese.1 Interestingly, dramatic increases in obesity rates are relatively recent phenomena, with a rapid rise beginning in the 1980s.2 Between 1960 and 1980, the prevalence of obesity in the United States increased less than 2% (from 13 to 15%) while obesity rates in the last 25 years have more than doubled.3,4 Similar trends are seen internationally, indicating that the obesity epidemic is a global health problem.5. © 2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Fasting-induced adipose factor identified as a key adipokine that is up-regulated in white adipose tissue during pregnancy and lactation in the rat; Adipokines, which are expressed and secreted from white adipose tissue (WAT), are potential factors that could contribute to the changes in energy homeostasis that occurs in pregnancy and lactation to meet the nutrient demands of fetal growth and milk production. The aim was to identify adipokines that could be involved by measuring the pattern of their mRNA expression in adipose tissue. Adipokine mRNAs were measured by quantitative RT-PCR in RNA isolated from white and brown adipose tissue (BAT) of rats at days 7, 14 and 21 of pregnancy, day 7 of lactation and virgin at dioestrus phase. The results for leptin, adiponectin and resistin expression in WAT essentially confirmed previous studies and it is unlikely that they are directly involved in the metabolic adaptations. The relative amounts of the mRNAs of the adipokines in BAT were comparable with those in WAT, but the patterns of expression did not follow those in WAT, except for apelin. Visfatin mRNA in WAT was elevated 2.5-fold only at day 21 of pregnancy. Apelin mRNA in WAT was increased 2.2-fold at day 7 of pregnancy. Retinol-binding protein 4 mRNA in WAT decreased to 46% of control at day 14 of pregnancy. Fasting-induced adipose factor (FIAF) mRNA in WAT was 2.2- to 2.5-fold higher throughout pregnancy and lactation. The marked induction of FIAF identifies this adipokine as a potential regulator of the metabolic adaptations that occur during pregnancy and lactation. © 2007 Society for Endocrinology.
Metformin beyond diabetes: New life for an old drug; Metformin is a widely used drug in the therapy of patients affected by diabetes mellitus. Although some caution is needed in the very old, advanced age per se does not represent a contraindication to metformin use. Despite the fact that its precise mechanism of action it is not completely elucidated, long-term treatment with this drug in monotherapy, improves glycaemic control and reduces cardiovascular mortality in overweight type 2 diabetic patients. Experimental evidence produced over the years suggests that metformin may be useful in some clinical conditions different from diabetes mellitus. In the present review we have examined currently available data about the possible use of metformin as an effective therapeutical agent in pathological conditions different from type 2 diabetes mellitus. On the basis of our investigation, the use of metformin can be suggested in overweigth patients affected by impaired glucose tolerance and/or fasting hyperglycaemia and in subjects affected by polycystic ovary syndrome, while further data are needed in order to prescribe such a drug in patients affected by non-alcoholic steato-hepatitis and in HIV patients on antiretroviral therapy. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Smoking is not associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Aim: To analyze the relationship between smoking and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of a healthy population, carried out in a check-up unit of a university hospital in Mexico City. We enrolled 933 subjects, 368 current smokers (cases) and 565 persons who had never smoked (controls). Demographic, metabolic and biochemical variables were measured in the two groups. NAFLD was determined by ultrasound and metabolic syndrome according to ATPIII. Results: A total of 548 men (205 cases and 343 controls) and 337 women (114 cases and 223 controls) were included in the analysis. Statistical differences between cases and controls were observed only in high blood pressure prevalence (6.6% vs 11.3%, P < 0.05; cases and controls respectively), high-density lipoproteins (1.00 ± 0.26 vs 1.06 ± 0.28 mmol/L, P < 0.005), triglycerides (2.18 ± 1.49 vs 1.84 ± 1.1 mmol/L, P < 0.001), and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (11.3 ± 9.3 vs 13.5 ± 11.9 mm/h, P < 0.001). No differences were observed in the prevalence of NAFLD (22.27% vs 29.68%, P = NS) and metabolic syndrome (41.69% vs 36.74%, P = NS). Univariate analysis showed that smoking was not a risk factor for NAFLD (OR = 0.89, 95% CI 0.65-1.21). Conclusion: No differences in NAFLD prevalence were observed between current smokers and nonsmokers, and furthermore, no differences were observed in heavy smokers (more than 20 packs/year), indicating that there is no relationship between smoking and NAFLD. © 2006 The WJG Press. All rights reserved.
Lifestyle intervention in individuals with normal versus impaired glucose tolerance; Background: Lifestyle intervention is effective in the prevention of type 2 diabetes in individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). It is currently unknown whether it has beneficial effects on metabolism to a similar extent, in individuals with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) compared to individuals with IGT. Materials and methods: Data from 181 subjects (133 with NGT and at risk for type 2 diabetes and 48 with IGT) who participated in the Tuebingen Lifestyle Intervention Program with increase in physical activity and decrease in caloric intake were included into this study. Body fat distribution was quantified by whole-body magnetic resonance (MR) tomography and liver fat and intramyocellular fat by 1H-MR spectroscopy. Insulin sensitivity was estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Results: After 9 ± 2 months of follow-up, the diagnosis of IGT was reversed in 24 out of 48 individuals. Only 14 out of 133 participants with NGT developed IGT. Body weight decreased in both groups by 3% (both P < 0.0001). Two-hour glucose concentrations during an OGTT decreased in individuals with IGT (-14%, P < 0.0001) but not with NGT (+2%, P = 0.66). Insulin sensitivity increased both in individuals with IGT (+9%, P = 0.04) and NGT (+17%, P < 0.0001). Visceral fat (-8%, P = 0.006), liver fat (-28%, P < 0.0001) and intramyocellular fat (-15%, P = 0.006) decreased in participants with IGT. In participants with NGT these changes were significant for visceral fat (-16%, P < 0.0001) and liver fat (-35%, P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Moderate weight loss under a lifestyle intervention with reduction in total, visceral and ectopic fat and increase in insulin sensitivity improves glucose tolerance in individuals with IGT but not with NGT. In individuals with NGT, the beneficial effects of a lifestyle intervention on fat distribution and insulin sensitivity possibly prevent future deterioration in glucose tolerance. © 2007 The Authors.
Regulation of insulin receptor function; Resistance to the biological actions of insulin contributes to the development of type 2 diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease. A reduced biological response to insulin by tissues results from an impairment in the cascade of phosphorylation events within cells that regulate the activity of enzymes comprising the insulin signaling pathway. In most models of insulin resistance, there is evidence that this decrement in insulin signaling begins with either the activation or substrate kinase activity of the insulin receptor (IR), which is the only component of the pathway that is unique to insulin action. Activation of the IR can be impaired by post-translational modifications of the protein involving serine phosphorylation, or by binding to inhibiting proteins such as PC-1 or members of the SOCS or Grb protein families. The impact of these processes on the conformational changes and phosphorylation events required for full signaling activity, as well as the role of these mechanisms in human disease, is reviewed in this article. © 2007 Birkhäuser Verlag.
Relationship between cytokines and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a kind of hepatic lesion that related to metabolism and its development and progression are closely associated with cytokines. Three categories of cytokines, including Th1/Th2 cytokines, chemokines and adipocytokines, are involved in the physiopathological process of NASH. In order to elucidate the significances of cytokines in the pathogenesis, serological diagnosis, and treatment efficacy evaluation of HASH, we reviewed the documents on the relationship between cytokines and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effects of equal weight loss with orlistat and placebo on body fat and serum fatty acid composition and insulin resistance in obese women; Background: Dietary fat has been reported to influence insulin sensitivity. Objective: The objective of the study was to determine how identical weight loss (target: loss of 8% of body weight over 3-6 mo) in women taking orlistat or placebo combined with a hypocaloric diet influences body composition and insulin sensitivity. Design: Forty-seven obese women [body mass index (in kg/m2): 32.1 ± 0.4] were randomly assigned to receive either orlistat (120 mg 3 times daily; n = 23) or placebo (n = 24) with a hypocaloric diet. Whole-body insulin sensitivity (insulin clamp technique), serum fatty acids, and body composition (magnetic resonance imaging) were measured before and after weight loss. Results: The groups did not differ significantly at baseline with respect to age, body weight, intraabdominal and subcutaneous fat volumes, or insulin sensitivity. Weight loss did not differ significantly between the orlistat (7.3 ± 0.2 kg, or 8.3 ± 0.1%) and placebo (7.4 ± 0.2 kg, or 8.2 ± 0.1%) groups. Insulin sensitivity improved significantly (P < 0.001) and similarly after weight loss in the orlistat (from 4.0 ± 0.3 to 5.1 ± 0.3 mg·kg fat-free mass -1·min-1) and placebo (from 4.4 ± 0.4 to 5.4 ± 0.4 mg·kg fat-free mass-1·min-1) groups. Intraabdominal fat and subcutaneous fat decreased significantly in both groups, but the ratio of the 2 decreased significantly only in the orlistat group. The proportion of dihomo-γ-linolenic acid (20:3n-6) in serum phospholipids was inversely related to insulin sensitivity both before (r = -0.48, P < 0.001) and after (r = -0.46, P < 0.001) weight loss, but it did not change significantly in either group. Conclusions: Weight loss rather than inhibition of fat absorption enhances insulin sensitivity. A decrease in fat absorption by orlistat appears to favorably influence the ratio between intraabdominal and subcutaneous fat, which suggests that exogenous fat or its composition influences fat distribution. © 2004 American Society for Clinical Nutrition.
Genetics of human obesity; There are about 250 million adults who are obese and at least 500 million who are overweight in the world at the moment (1). Given these numbers, it is not surprising that the genetics of human obesity is receiving increasing attention. The interest in the causes of the present epidemic of obesity in the Western world and the promise of finding new potentially prophylactic and therapeutic means are largely responsible for this new interest. Excess weight has also become the most important public health problem in the United States and Canada, and this has contributed enormously to the present interest for the molecular and genetic causes of the problem. Several lines of research are currently being explored in the effort to identify the genes involved in causing obesity, rendering someone susceptible to obesity, or determining the metabolic response to an obese state. © 2003 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Acquired obesity is associated with increased liver fat, intra-abdominal fat, and insulin resistance in young adult monozygotic twins; We determined whether acquired obesity is associated with increases in liver or intra-abdominal fat or impaired insulin sensitivity by studying monozygotic (MZ) twin pairs discordant and concordant for obesity. We studied nineteen 24- to 27-yr-old MZ twin pairs, with intrapair differences in body weight ranging from 0.1 to 24.7 kg [body mass index (BMI) range 20.0-33.9 kg/m 2], identified from a population-based FinnTwin16 sample. Fat distribution was determined by magnetic resonance imaging, percent body fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, liver fat by proton spectroscopy, insulin sensitivity by measuring the fasting insulin concentration, and whole body insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. Intrapair differences in BMI were significantly correlated with those in intra-abdominal fat (r = 0.82, P < 0.001) and liver fat (r = 0.57, P = 0.010). Intrapair differences in fasting insulin correlated with those in subcutaneous abdominal (r = 0.60, P = 0.008), intra-abdominal (r = 0.75, P = 0.0001) and liver (r = 0.49, P = 0.048) fat. Intrapair differences in whole body insulin sensitivity correlated with those in subcutaneous abdominal (r = -0.72, P = 0.001) and intra-abdominal (r = -0.55, P = 0.015) but not liver (r = -0.20, P = 0.20) fat. We conclude that acquired obesity is associated with increases in intra-abdominal and liver fat and insulin resistance, independent of genetic factors. Copyright © 2005 the American Physiological Society.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus: Report of two cases and review of pathophysiology and treatment; Gestational diabetes insipidus is a rare disorder characterized by polyuria and polydipsia due to the inability of the kidneys to concentrate urine. We report two cases of transient gestational diabetes insipidus in which patients responded to intranasal DDAVP® (1-deamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin) with greater than 50% increase in urine osmolality and marked reduction in urine output. Intranasal DDAVP was discontinued after their discharge and both patients maintained normal urine output and appropriate urine osmolality. In determining whether diabetes insipidus is present in a patient who is polyuric and hypernatremic, a urine osmolality below that of the plasma suggests the presence of diabetes insipidus. Understanding of the pathophysiology may soon lead to improved methods of prevention, diagnosis and treatment.
Thiazolidinediones - Some recent developments; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and β-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on β-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary, with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of β-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Non-esterified fatty acid concentrations are independently associated with hepatic steatosis in obese subjects; Aims/hypothesis: We tested the hypothesis that NEFA concentrations are higher in obese subjects with fatty liver than in obese subjects without fatty liver. Materials and methods: We recruited 22 obese (BMI>30 kg/m2) men aged 42-64 years, in whom liver fat was assessed by ultrasound and classified into categories of no, mild to moderate and severe fatty liver by two independent radiologists. Regional and visceral abdominal fat were assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging, and endogenous glucose production, whole-body glucose disposal during an insulin clamp, and NEFA concentrations were measured, along with NEFA suppression (percent (%) suppression and insulin sensitivity index for NEFA during an OGTT). Results: Seven subjects had no evidence of fatty liver, nine had mild or moderate fatty liver and six had severe fatty liver. The amount of visceral fat was not associated with the degree of fatty liver. Whole-body glucose disposal was inversely associated with fatty liver (38.4,26.5 and 23.9 μmol kg -1 min-1 for the groups with no fatty liver, mild to moderate fatty liver and severe fatty liver, respectively, p=0.004). NEFA suppression during the OGTT was decreased (62.5, 50.8 and 41%, p=0.03, for no, mild to moderate, and severe fatty liver, respectively) and the insulin sensitivity index for NEFA was decreased (0.80, 0.40 and 0.34, plt;0.0001). Regression modelling suggested that NEFA concentrations were associated with fatty liver independently of whole-body glucose production and disposal measurements. Conclusions/interpretation: In obese men, NEFA concentrations during an OGTT are associated with fatty liver independently of classic measures of insulin sensitivity determined by the hyperinsulinaemic clamp. The contribution to this association by factors regulating NEFA concentrations requires further study. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Liver fat is not a marker of metabolic risk in lean premenopausal women; We examined the independent associations among abdominal adipose tissue (AT) depots, liver fat, cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF), and metabolic risk factors in 86 lean premenopausal women. We measured abdominal AT and liver fat by computed tomography (CT), and CRF by a maximal treadmill exercise test. Liver fat was not related to any abdominal AT depot, metabolic risk factor, or CRF (P > .10). Visceral AT mass (kilograms) remained a significant (P < .05) predictor of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), TC/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and LDL-C/HDL-C after statistical adjustment for CRF. Abdominal subcutaneous AT mass was also a significant (P < .05) correlate of TC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C after control for CRF. Visceral AT remained a significant predictor (P < .05) of TC and LDL-C after control for abdominal subcutaneous AT. Conversely, subcutaneous AT did not remain a significant correlate after control for visceral AT. However, the deep subcutaneous AT depot remained significantly associated with LDL-C, TC/HDL-C, and LDL-C/HDL-C after control for visceral AT. In contrast, visceral AT remained correlated with triglycerides (TG) alone, after control for the deep subcutaneous AT. These observations suggest that liver fat is not a determinant of metabolic risk in lean women. Conversely, both visceral and the deep subcutaneous depot are determinants of metabolic risk in premenopausal woman despite the absence of obesity. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Low subcutaneous thigh fat is a risk factor for unfavourable glucose and lipid levels, independently of high abdominal fat. The Health ABC Study; Aims: We investigated whether low subcutaneous thigh fat is an independent risk factor for unfavourable glucose and lipid levels, and whether these associations differ between sexes, and between white and black adults. Our secondary aim was to investigate which body composition characteristics (lean tissue, fat tissue) are reflected by anthropometric measures (waist and thigh circumference). Methods: Anthropometric measurements and computed tomography of the abdomen and of the thigh were performed for all participants of the Health, Aging and Body Composition Study, who were aged 70-79 years. Fasting glucose, triglycerides and HDL-cholesterol, and 2-h postload glucose were determined. Results: After excluding those already diagnosed with diabetes or dyslipidaemia, we analysed data from 2,106 participants. After adjustment for abdominal subcutaneous and visceral fat, and intermuscular thigh fat, larger thigh subcutaneous fat area was statistically significantly associated with lower ln-transformed triglycerides [standardised beta (95% CI) -0.12 (-0.20 to -0.04) in men and -0.13 (-0.21 to -0.05) in women] and higher ln-HDL-cholesterol [0.10 (0.02 to 0.19) and 0.09 (0.01 to 0.18), respectively]. The associations with lower glucose levels were strong in men [-0.11 (-0.20 to -0.02) for fasting and -0.14 (-0.23 to -0.05) for postload glucose], but not statistically significant in women [-0.02 (-0.10 to 0.07) and -0.04 (-0.13 to 0.05), respectively]. There were no differences in the associations between white and black persons. Waist circumference was more strongly associated with abdominal subcutaneous fat, and this association became stronger with increasing BMI, whereas the association with visceral fat became weaker. Thigh circumference was equally dependent on thigh fat and thigh muscle in men, whereas in women the fat component was the main contributor. Conclusion: Larger subcutaneous thigh fat is independently associated with more favourable glucose (in men) and lipid levels (in both sexes) after accounting for abdominal fat depots, which are associated with unfavourable glucose and lipid levels. Anthropometric measures reflect different fat depots at different levels of BMI at the abdomen, and reflect both fat and lean tissue at the thigh. These results emphasise the importance of accurate measures of regional body composition when investigating potential health risks. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Pediatric overweight: An overview; Overweight is one of the most prevalent nutritional problems affecting children in developed countries. In this chapter, we briefly describe the public health importance of pediatric overweight as well its identification, definition, and prevalence. We then address the physiologic changes of adiposity with age, the critical periods for the development of overweight, the associations and potential risk factors in the physical and behavioral environment, and implications for clinical practice. The data reviewed support the assertion that effective prevention and treatment of childhood overweight will have a major impact on the prevalence of adult overweight and obesity and their complications. © 2003 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy to measure hepatic triglyceride content: Prevalence of hepatic steatosis in the general population; Despite the increasing prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the criteria used to diagnose the disorder remain poorly defined. Localized proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) accurately measures hepatic triglyceride content (HTGC) but has been used only in small research studies. Here, MRS was used to analyze the distribution of HTGC in 2,349 participants from the Dallas Heart Study (DHS). The reproducibility of the procedure was validated by showing that duplicate HTGC measurements were high correlated (r = 0.99, P < 0.001) and that the coefficient of variation between measurements was low (8.5%). Intake of a high-fat meal did not significantly affect the measurements, and values were similar when measurements were made from the right and left hepatic lobes. To determine the "upper limit of normal" for HTGC, the distribution of HTGC was examined in the 345 subjects from the DHS who had no identifiable risk factors for hepatic steatosis (nonobese, nondiabetic subjects with minimal alcohol consumption, normal liver function tests, and no known liver disease). The 95th percentile of HTGC in these subjects was 5.56%, which corresponds to a hepatic triglyceride level of 55.6 mg/g. With this value as a cutoff, the prevalence of hepatic steatosis in Dallas County was estimated to be 33.6%. Thus MRS provides a sensitive, quantitative, noninvasive method to measure HTGC and, when applied to a large urban US population, revealed a strikingly high prevalence of hepatic steatosis.
Dietary fat content modifies liver fat in overweight nondiabetic subjects; Background: Fat accumulation in the liver has been shown to be closely correlated with hepatic insulin resistance and features of insulin resistance, even independent of body weight. The reason for Intel-individual variation in liver fat content is unknown. Cross-sectional data suggest that dietary fat content may influence liver fat, but this possibility has not been directly tested in humans. Design and methods: Liver fat (proton spectroscopy), intraabdominal and sc fat (magnetic resonance imaging), and markers of insulin sensitivity (insulin, free fatty acids, and lipids) were determined in 10 normal, obese women (age, 43 ± 5 yr, mean ± SD; body mass index, 33 ± 4 kg/m2; range, 27-38 kg/m2) at baseline and after two 2-wk isocaloric periods containing either 16% (low-fat diet) or 56% (high-fat diet) of total energy as fat. Results: Liver fat at baseline averaged 10 ± 7%. It decreased by 20 ± 9% during the low-fat diet and increased by 35 ± 21% during the high-fat diet (P = 0.014 for liver fat after low- vs. high-fat diets; P = 0.042 for change in liver fat by the low- vs. high-fat diet). Fasting serum insulin averaged 70 ± 41 pmol/liter at baseline. It decreased to 60 ± 24 pmol/liter during the low-fat diet (P = 0.007 vs. before low-fat diet) and increased to 81 ± 44 pmol/liter during the high-fat diet (P = 0.040 vs. before high-fat diet; P = 0.005 for change in serum insulin during low- vs. high-fat diet). Serum lipids, free fatty acids, and intraabdominal and sc fat masses were unchanged. Conclusion: These data suggest that the amount of dietary fat influences liver fat content. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
Independent and opposite associations of waist and hip circumferences with diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia: The AusDiab Study; OBJECTIVE: Fat distribution as measured by waist-to-hip ratio has been shown to be an important independent predictor of glucose intolerance. Few studies, however, have considered the contributions of the waist and hip circumferences independently. The aim of this study was to investigate the independent associations of waist and hip circumference with diabetes in a large population-based study, and to investigate whether they also apply to other major components of the metabolic syndrome (hypertension and dyslipidemia). In addition, as previous studies were performed in older persons, we investigated whether these associations were present across adult age groups. METHODS: Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences were measured in 11 247 participants of the nationally representative Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle (AusDiab) Study. HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting and 2-h postload glucose were determined, and diastolic and systolic blood pressure was measured. After exclusion of persons already known to have diabetes, hypertension or dyslipidemia, logistic and linear regression were used to study cross-sectional associations of anthropometric variables with newly diagnosed diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia, and with continuous metabolic measures, all separately for men (n = 3818) and women (n = 4582). Analyses were repeated in the same population stratified for age. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, body mass index and waist, a larger hip circumference was associated with a lower prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes (odds ratio (OR) per one s.d. increase in hip circumference 0.55 (95% CI 0.41-0.73) in men and 0.42 (0.27-0.65) in women) and undiagnosed dyslipidemia (OR 0.58 (0.50-0.67) in men and 0.37 (0.30-0.45) in women). Associations with undiagnosed hypertension were weaker (OR 0.80 (0.69-0.93) in men and 0.88 (0.70-1.11) in women). As expected, larger waist circumference was associated with higher prevalence of these conditions. Similar associations were found using continuous metabolic variables as outcomes in linear regression analyses. Height partly explained the negative associations with hip circumference. When these analyses were performed stratified for age, associations became weaker or disappeared in the oldest age groups (age ≥ 75 y in particular), except for HDL-cholesterol. CONCLUSION: We found independent and opposite associations of waist and hip circumference with diabetes, dyslipidemia and less strongly with hypertension in a large population-based survey. These results emphasize that waist and hip circumference are important predictors for the metabolic syndrome and should both be considered in epidemiological studies. The associations were consistent in all age groups, except in age ≥75 y. Further research should be aimed at verifying hypotheses explaining the 'protective' effect of larger hips.
The human obesity gene map: The 2001 update; This report constitutes the eighth update of the human obesity gene map, incorporating published results up to the end of October 2001. Evidence from the rodent and human obesity cases caused by single-gene mutations, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, quantitative trait loci (QTLs) uncovered in human genome-wide scans and in crossbreeding experiments in various animal models, association and linkage studies with candidate genes and other markers is reviewed. The human cases of obesity related in some way to single-gene mutations in six different genes are incorporated. Twenty-five Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as one of their clinical manifestations have now been mapped. The number of different QTLs reported from animal models currently reaches 165. Attempts to relate DNA sequence variation in specific genes to obesity phenotypes continue to grow, with 174 studies reporting positive associations with 58 candidate genes. Finally, 59 loci have been linked to obesity indicators in genomic scans and other linkage study designs. The obesity gene map depicted in Figure 1 reveals that putative loci affecting obesity-related phenotypes can be found on all chromosomes except chromosome Y. A total of 54 new loci have been added to the map in the past 12 months, and the number of genes, markers, and chromosomal regions that have been associated or linked with human obesity phenotypes is now above 250. Likewise, the number of negative studies, which are only partially reviewed here, is also on the rise.
Critical care obstetrics and gynecology; The critical care aspects of obstetrics and pregnancy are varied and demand that critical care practitioners have a thorough knowledge of fetal and maternal changes in physiology as pregnancy progresses. Pregnancy can affect every organ system; and organ-specific conditions as well as syndromes that span multiple organ systems were described. Care of the critically ill, pregnant patient requires a true multidisciplinary approach for optimal outcomes. A review of the current concepts and suggestions for therapy were presented.
Expression of adipogenic transcription factors, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma co-activator 1, IL-6 and CD45 in subcutaneous adipose tissue in lipodystrophy associated with highly active antiretroviral therapy; Objective: To determine the expressions of multiple genes in the subcutaneous adipose tissue of HIV-positive, highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART)-treated patients with and without lipodystrophy. Design and methods: Real-time polymerase chain reaction was used to measure gene expressions in this cross-sectional study. Results: The messenger RNA concentrations of adipose transcription factors (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma and delta and sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 c) were all significantly lower in the lipodystrophic than the non-lipodystrophic group. The mRNA concentration of PPAR-γ co-activator 1 (PGC-1), which regulates mitochondrial biogenesis, was lower in the lipodystrophic than the non-lipodystrophic group. The mRNA expression of lipoprotein lipase, acyl coenzyme A synthase and glucose transport protein 4 were significantly lower in the lipodystrophic than the non-lipodystrophic group, but the mRNA concentrations of fatty acid transport and binding proteins were similar in both groups. The mRNA concentrations of IL-6 and CD45 (a common leukocyte marker) were significantly higher in the lipodystrophic than the non-lipodystrophic group. Conclusion: Multiple alterations characterize gene expression in the subcutaneous adipose tissue of patients with HAART-associated lipodystrophy compared with HIV-positive, HAART-treated patients without lipodystrophy. The low expression of transcription factors inhibits adipocyte differentiation. The low expression of PGC-1 may contribute to mitochondrial defects. In addition, IL-6 and CD45 expressions are increased, the latter implying an excessive number of cells of leukocyte origin in lipodystrophic adipose tissue. Mitochondrial injury and an excess of proinfiammatory cytokines may lead to increased apoptosis. All these changes may contribute to the loss of subcutaneous fat in HAART-associated lipodystrophy. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Pathophysiology of Insulin Action in Humans; Insulin is the key hormone in the regulation of glucose homeostasis. This action is the result of a fine tuned feedback loop between insulin secretion and plasma glucose concentration that incorporates insulin sensitivity as well, i.e. the ability of insulin to promote glucose disposal in the insulin-sensitive tissues. Insulin resistance has been recognized as a main pathogenetic factor in the development of type 2 diabetes and a feature of obesity. In the past years much information has been cumulated with respect to the physiology as well as the cell biology and molecular genetics of insulin action. More recently it has been suggested that insulin resistance may play a pivotal role in pathogenesis of the Metabolic Syndrome. Insulin resistance has been associated with dyslipidemia, hypertension, endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, coagulative state and so on. The comprehension of the possible role of impaired insulin action in pathogenesis of the Metabolic Syndrome requires the full understanding of the multiplicity of action of insulin. Although insulin sensitivity commonly refers to the ability of insulin to promote glucose utilization, the hormone exerts a wide pleiotropic action. Minute changes in plasma insulin concentration exert a powerful effect on lipolysis and lipid metabolism. Moreover, insulin affects ion metabolism, endothelial function, platelet aggregation and coagulation, thermogenesis, heart function. Though the central nervous system is considered to be a non-insulin dependent tissue, insulin exerts important actions within the brain. Finally, preliminary data suggest that insulin may directly influence function and survival of the beta-cell. It is this finely entangled network of action of the hormone that, very likely, underlies the many alterations associated with impairment of insulin-mediated glucose utilization and that concur in determining the abnormalities clustering in the Metabolic Syndrome. © 2005 Elsevier España, S.A.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and type 2 diabetes; Insulin resistance plays a major role in the pathogenesis of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, and yet the mechanisms, responsible for it remain poorly understood. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies in humans suggest that a defect in insulin-stimulated glucose transport in skeletal muscle is the primary metabolic abnormality in insulin-resistant patients with type 2 diabetes. Fatty acids appear to cause this defect in glucose transport by inhibiting insulin-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-1,(IPS-I) and IRS-I-associated phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase activity. A number of different metabolic abnormalities may increase intramyocellular and intrahepatic fatty acid metabolites; these include increased fat delivery to muscle and liver as a consequence of either excess energy intake or defects in adipocyte fat metabolism, and acquired or inherited defects in mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation. Understanding the molecular and biochemical defects responsible for insulin resistance is beginning to unveil novel therapeutic targets for the treatment of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Women and men have similar amounts of liver and intra-abdominal fat, despite more subcutaneous fat in women: Implications for sex differences in markers of cardiovascular risk; Aims/hypothesis. Fat accumulation in the liver has been shown to be closely correlated with hepatic insulin resistance and features of insulin resistance, also independently of body weight. It remains to be established how fat in the liver correlates with that in other depots, and whether any association differs between men and women. Methods. Liver fat (assessed using proton spectroscopy), intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat (measured using magnetic resonance imaging) and markers of insulin resistance, including serum adiponectin, were determined in 132 non-diabetic subjects: 66 men (age 41±1 years) and 66 women (age 42±1 years). Results. Although the women had almost twice as much subcutaneous fat as the men (5045±207 vs 2610±144 cm3, p< 0.0001), amounts of intra-abdominal fat (1305±80 vs 1552±111 cm3, NS) and liver fat (6.7±0.8 vs 8.9±1.2%, NS) were similar. In this study, no sex differences were observed with respect to serum insulin, adiponectin, triglyceride and HDL cholesterol concentrations. Of all measures of body composition, liver fat was best correlated with serum insulin (r=0.58, p<0.001), with no difference observed between men and women. Serum adiponectin was inversely correlated with liver fat content (r=-0.21, p<0.05). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that intra-abdominal fat was significantly associated with liver fat, independently of serum adiponectin and subcutaneous fat. Liver fat, but not intra-abdominal fat, significantly explained the variation in serum insulin concentrations. Conclusions/interpretation. Intra-abdominal fat is independently associated with liver fat, whereas subcutaneous fat is not. Liver fat, but not intra-abdominal fat, is independently associated with serum insulin. Men and women with similar amounts of intra-abdominal and liver fat do not exhibit sex differences in markers of insulin resistance (serum insulin, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and adiponectin). © Springer-Verlag 2004.
Care of the pregnant patient with medical illness; Care of the pregnant woman who has a medical illness requires careful coordination between the consulting general internist, subspecialist, and obstetrician. When possible, this care should be initiated prior to conception to optimize medical management and, when appropriate, initiate genetic counseling. Many diagnostic and therapeutic choices must be made without good scientific data. Yet, most of the time, outcomes are favorable. Few disciplines within internal medicine provide such a rich, yet demanding, challenge to the consulting internist. © 1988 Society of General Internal Medicine.
Metabolic syndrome and other factors associated with increased risk of diabetes; The prevalence of diabetes has increased dramatically in the last 3 decades. Metabolic syndrome is a strong risk factor for incident diabetes. Among components of metabolic syndrome, obesity and abnormal carbohydrate metabolism are the most significant predictors. Primary care physicians should identify patients at risk and monitor their fasting glucose and/or postprandial glucose to enable timely diagnosis of diabetes and appropriate interventions. Lifestyle interventions that help reduce body weight and pharmacologic interventions that address insulin resistance and/or postprandial glycemia may help prevent diabetes. Intensive cardiovascular risk factor management should be an integral component of any diabetes prevention plan. © 2004 Excerpta Medica.
Lupus pregnancy; Large centers with special interests, obstetricians, perinatalogists, and rheumatologists generally do not have great experience with lupus pregnancies. It is therefore wise for all interested parties, including the parents, to discuss together predictable complications and outcomes early during the pregnancy, before conception if possible, and to maintain close contact during the pregnancy. In particular, points of conflicting treatment philosophies should be explored and resolved. Common differences between obstetrical and rheumatological opinions include the use of corticosteroids; use of aspirin and heparin; treatment thresholds for proteinuria, hypertension, and thrombocytopenia; frequency and quality of fetal monitoring; and prophylaxis for antiphospholipid antibody. There should be clear prospective agreement about physician aggressiveness in the event of maternal flare near the point of fetal viability. The parents, rheumatologist, obstetrician, and perinatalogist should also discuss in advance about what should be done if there is a choice to either deliver a 25-week fetus, with complete maternal safety or to try to hold to 28 weeks at high risk to the mother. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metformin: New understandings, new uses; Metformin, a biguanide, has been available in the US for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus for nearly 8 years. Over this period of time, it has become the most widely prescribed antihyperglycaemic agent. Its mechanism of action involves the suppression of endogenous glucose production, primarily by the liver. Whether the drug actually has an insulin sensitising effect in peripheral tissues, such as muscle and fat, remains somewhat controversial. Nonetheless, because insulin levels decline with metformin use, it has been termed an 'insulin sensitiser'. Metformin has also been shown to have several beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors and it is the only oral antihyperglycaemic agent thus far associated with decreased macrovascular outcomes in patients with diabetes. Cardiovascular disease, impaired glucose tolerance and the polycystic ovary syndrome are now recognised as complications of the insulin resistance syndrome, and there is growing interest in the management of this extraordinarily common metabolic disorder. While diet and exercise remain the cornerstone of therapy for insulin resistance, pharmacological intervention is becoming an increasingly viable option. We review the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits it provides over and above its effect on glucose levels alone. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and prediabetic states, including impaired glucose tolerance, obesity, polycystic ovary syndrome and the metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease.
Thiazolidinediones: A review of their mechanisms of insulin sensitization, therapeutic potential, clinical efficacy, and tolerability; The thiazolidinediones (TZDs) rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are newer additions to the antidiabetic armamentarium and are indicated for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the United States. The TZDs are peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPAR-γ) agonists that provide clinically effective glycemic control and unique pharmacologic effects on multiple risk factors for T2DM-related morbidity, including improvement of insulin sensitivity and endothelial dysfunction, reduction of blood pressure, and amelioration of dyslipidemia. Weight gain and fluid retention occur with TZD therapy, especially when they are administered in higher doses and in combination with insulin. Although fluid retention associated with the use of TZDs is generally mild and reversible, these agents should not be used in patients with New York Heart Association Class III or IV heart failure symptoms. The findings of ongoing, long-term, prospective studies will clarify the role of the TZDs in the treatment of T2DM, particularly in terms of the durability of improvements in glycemic control, insulin sensitivity, pancreatic β-cell function, and cardiovascular health.
Free fatty acids in obesity and type 2 diabetes: Defining their role in the development of insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction; Plasma free fatty acids (FFA) play important physiological roles in skeletal muscle, heart, liver and pancreas. However, chronically elevated plasma FFA appear to have pathophysiological consequences. Elevated FFA concentrations are linked with the onset of peripheral and hepatic insulin resistance and, while the precise action in the liver remains unclear, a model to explain the role of raised FFA in the development of skeletal muscle insulin resistance has recently been put forward. Over 30 years ago, Randle proposed that FFA compete with glucose as the major energy substrate in cardiac muscle, leading to decreased glucose oxidation when FFA are elevated. Recent data indicate that high plasma FFA also have a significant role in contributing to insulin resistance. Elevated FFA and intracellular lipid appear to inhibit insulin signalling, leading to a reduction in insulin-stimulated muscle glucose transport that may be mediated by a decrease in GLUT-4 translocation. The resulting suppression of muscle glucose transport leads to reduced muscle glycogen synthesis and glycolysis. In the liver, elevated FFA may contribute to hyperglycaemia by antagonizing the effects of insulin on endogenous glucose production. FFA also affect insulin secretion, although the nature of this relationship remains a subject for debate. Finally, evidence is discussed that FFA represent a crucial link between insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction and, as such, a reduction in elevated plasma FFA should be an important therapeutic target in obesity and type 2 diabetes. © 2002 Blackwell Science Ltd.
Hepatic triglyceride content and its relation to body adiposity: A magnetic resonance imaging and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy study; Background: Hepatic steatosis is associated with obesity and type II diabetes. Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H MRS) is a non-invasive method for measurement of tissue fat content, including intrahepatocellular lipids (IHCL) and intramyocellular lipids (IMCL). Patients and methods: We used 1H MRS and whole body magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to assess the relationship between IHCL accumulation, total body adipose tissue (AT) content/distribution, and IMCL content in 11 subjects with biopsy proven hepatic steatosis and 23 normal volunteers. Results: IHCL signals were detectable in all subjects but were significantly greater in hepatic steatosis (geometric mean (GM) 11.5 (interquartile range (IQR) 7.0-39.0)) than in normal volunteers (GM 2.7 (IQR 0.7-9.3); p = 0.02). In the study group as a whole, IHCL levels were significantly greater in overweight compared with lean subjects (body mass index (BMI) > 25 kg/m2 (n = 23): GM 7.7 (IQR 4.0-28.6) v BMI <25 kg/m2 (n = II): GM 1.3 (IQR 0.3-3.6; p = 0.004)). There was a significant association between IHCL content and indices of overall obesity (expressed as a percentage of body weight) for total body fat (p = 0.001), total subcutaneous AT (p = 0.007), and central obesity (subcutaneous abdominal AT (p = 0.001) and intra-abdominal AT (p = 0.001)), after allowing for sex and age. No correlation between IHCL content and IMCL was observed. A significant correlation was observed between serum alanine aminotransferase and liver fat content (r = 0.57, p = 0.006). Conclusions: Our results suggest that hepatic steatosis appears to be closely related to body adiposity, especially central obesity. MRS may be a useful method for monitoring IHCL in future interventional studies.
The human obesity gene map: The 2004 update; This paper presents the eleventh update of the human obesity gene map, which incorporates published results up to the end of October 2004. Evidence from single-gene mutation obesity cases, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, transgenic and knockout murine models relevant to obesity, quantitative trait loci (QTLs) from animal cross-breeding experiments, association studies with candidate genes, and linkages from genome scans is reviewed. As of October 2004, 173 human obesity cases due to single-gene mutations in 10 different genes have been reported, and 49 loci related to Mendelian syndromes relevant to human obesity have been mapped to a genomic region, and causal genes or strong candidates have been identified for most of these syndromes. There are 166 genes which, when mutated or expressed as transgenes in the mouse, result in phenotypes that affect body weight and adiposity. The number of QTLs reported from animal models currently reaches 221. The number of human obesity QTLs derived from genome scans continues to grow, and we have now 204 QTLs for obesity-related phenotypes from 50 genome-wide scans. A total of 38 genomic regions harbor QTLs replicated among two to four studies. The number of studies reporting associations between DNA sequence variation in specific genes and obesity phenotypes has also increased considerably with 358 findings of positive associations with 113 candidate genes. Among them, 18 genes are supported by at least five positive studies. The obesity gene map shows putative loci on all chromosomes except Y. Overall, >600 genes, markers, and chromosomal regions have been associated or linked with human obesity phenotypes. The electronic version of the map with links to useful publications and genomic and other relevant sites can be found at http://obesitygene.pbrc.edu. Copyright © 2005 NAASO.
Insulin resistance syndrome, pre-diabetes, and the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Insulin resistance syndrome (IRS), also known as the metabolic syndrome, is now well recognized as a distinct pathological and clinical entity, with multiple significant ramifications for both the high-risk individual as well as the public health system. The primary contributory cause is obesity. Common manifestations associated with IRS may include atherosclerotic heart disease, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, polycystic ovary syndrome, and hypercoagulability. This review will present the features associated with the disorder, the accepted clinical diagnosis, available and potential treatment modalities, and ongoing or completed trials which suggest that progression from IRS to type 2 diabetes mellitus and early coronary heart disease may be prevented in adolescents and adults. Copyright © 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Effects of rosiglitazone and metformin on liver fat content, hepatic insulin resistance, insulin clearance, and gene expression in adipose tissue in patients with type 2 diabetes; Both rosiglitazone and metformin increase hepatic insulin sensitivity, but their mechanism of action has not been compared in humans. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of rosiglitazone and metformin treatment on liver fat content, hepatic insulin sensitivity, insulin clearance, and gene expression in adipose tissue and serum adiponectin concentrations in type 2 diabetes. A total of 20 drug-naive patients with type 2 diabetes (age 48 ± 3 years, fasting plasma glucose 152 ± 9 mg/dl, BMI 30.6 ± 0.8 kg/m2) were treated in a double-blind randomized fashion with either 8 mg rosiglitazone or 2 g metformin for 16 weeks. Both drugs similarly decreased HbA1c, insulin, and free fatty acid concentrations. Body weight decreased in the metformin (84 ± 4 vs. 82 ± 4 kg, P < 0.05) but not the rosiglitazone group. Liver fat (proton spectroscopy) was decreased with rosiglitazone by 51% (15 ± 3 vs. 7 ± 1%, 0 vs. 16 weeks, P = 0.003) but not by metformin (13 ± 3 to 14 ± 3%, NS). Rosiglitazone (16 ± 2 vs. 20 ± 1 mi · kg-1 · min-1, P = 9.02) but not metformin increased insulin clearance by 20%. Hepatic insulin sensitivity in the basal state increased similarly in both groups. Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake increased significantly with rosiglitazone but not with metyformin. Serum adiponectin concentrations increased by 123% with rosiglitazone but remained unchanged during metformin treatment. The decrease of serum adiponectin concentrations correlated with the decrease in liver fat (r = -0.74, P < 0.001). Rosiglitazone but not metformin signiticantly increased expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ, adiponectin, and lipoprotein lipase in adipose tissue. In conclusion, rosiglitazone but not metformin decreases liver fat and increases insulin clearance. The decrease in liver fat by rosiglitazone is associated with an increase in serum adiponectin concentrations. Both agents increase hepatic insulin sensitivity, but only rosiglitazone increases peripheral glucose uptake.
The human obesity gene map: The 2002 update; This is the ninth update of the human obesity gene map, incorporating published results through October 2002 and continuing the previous format. Evidence from single-gene mutation obesity cases, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, quantitative trait loci (QTLs) from human genome-wide scans and various animal crossbreeding experiments, and association and linkage studies with candidate genes and other markers is reviewed. For the first time, transgenic and knockout murine models exhibiting obesity as a phenotype are incorporated (N = 38). As of October 2002, 33 Mendelian syndromes relevant to human obesity have been mapped to a genomic region, and the causal genes or strong candidates have been identified for 23 of these syndromes. QTLs reported from animal models currently number 168; there are 68 human QTLs for obesity phenotypes from genome-wide scans. Additionally, significant linkage peaks with candidate genes have been identified in targeted studies. Seven genomic regions harbor QTLs replicated among two to five studies. Attempts to relate DNA sequence variation in specific genes to obesity phenotypes continue to grow, with 222 studies reporting positive associations with 71 candidate genes. Fifteen such candidate genes are supported by at least five positive studies. The obesity gene map shows putative loci on all chromosomes except Y. More than 300 genes, markers, and chromosomal regions have been associated or linked with human obesity phenotypes. The electronic version of the map with links to useful sites can be found at http://obesitygene.pbrc.edu. Copyright © 2003 NAASO.
Consequences of food energy excess and positive energy balance; This paper discusses possible consequences of energy excess throughout the life cycle. Firstly we consider the effects of foods on hunger, satiety and satiation. Also, the changes in food availability and consumption in relation to changes in social and economic determinants of energy excess. The relationship between physical activity and energy intake (EI) is also considered. Secondly we explore the definition of energy excess and the metabolic effects of macronutrients (mainly in relation to fuel partitioning oxidation/storage) on energy balance. The cellular and molecular regulation determined by specific genes involved in lipogenesis, fuel partitioning and/or in energy dissipation are explored. Thirdly, we examine the main consequences induced by energy excess and positive energy balance, starting with the alterations in glucose utilisation (insulin resistance) leading to type 2 diabetes and the linkage of energy excess with other non-communicable diseases (NCDs). Biological, social and psychological consequences during perinatal, childhood and adolescence periods are specifically analysed. Fourthly, the transition from energy deficit to excess, under the optic of a developing country is analysed with country examples drawn from Latin America. The possible role of supplementary food programmes in determining positive energy balance is discussed especially in relation to pre-school and school feeding programmes. Fifthly, we deal with the economic costs of energy excess and obesity related diseases. Finally, some areas where further research is needed are described; biological and genetic determinants of individual and population energy requirements, foods and food preparations as actually consumed, consumer education and research needs on social determinants of energy imbalances. © The Authors 2005.
QUICKI is a useful index of insulin sensitivity in subjects with hypertension; Insulin resistance may link disorders of metabolic homeostasis such as diabetes and obesity with disorders of hemodynamic homeostasis such as hypertension. Thus it is of interest to validate simple methods for quantifying insulin sensitivity in hypertensive patients. The quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) is a novel mathematical transformation of fasting blood glucose and insulin levels. In obese and diabetic subjects, QUICKI has a significantly better linear correlation with glucose clamp determinations of insulin sensitivity than minimal-model estimates. To determine whether QUICKI is also useful in hypertensive subjects, we performed glucose clamps and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests (FSIVGTT) on 27 hypertensive subjects taken off antihypertensive medication. Indexes of insulin sensitivity derived from glucose clamp studies (SIclamp) were compared with QUICKI, minimal-model analysis of FSIVGTTs (SIMM), and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). The correlation between QUICKI and SIclamp (r = 0.84) was significantly better than that between SIMM and SIcamp (r = 0.65; P < 0.028). The correlation between QUICKI and SIclamp was comparable to that between 1/HOMA and SIclamp (r = 0.82). When studies were repeated in 14 subjects who had resumed antihypertensive medications, the percent changes in SIclamp for each of these patients were significantly correlated with percent changes in QUICKI (r = 0.61) and HOMA (r = -0.54) but not SIMM (r = -0.18). We conclude that QUICKI is a simple, robust index of insulin sensitivity that is useful for evaluating and following the insulin resistance of hypertensive subjects in both research studies and clinical practice.
Pioglitazone. Review of its metabolic and systemic effects; Type 2 diabetes mellitus has become a true epidemic and significant growth is expected in the next decades. Thus it could be expected that the impact it may have on the incidence and prevalence of cardiovascular morbidity-mortality will have considerable magnitudes. It has been demonstrated that adequate metabolic control (glycemic and lipid) of these patients, beginning with diet and exercise programs and then with drug measures, decreases the risk of complications. However, several studies have shown that metabolic control deteriorates over time regardless of the treatment used. In recent years, a new drug family has been incorporated into the therapeutic armamentarium to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus. These are thiazolidinediones or glitazones, which have differential aspects regarding other drugs. In this article, the metabolic and systemic effects of pioglitazone, that have recently demonstrated a positive effect in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular episodes in the PROactive study have been reviewed.
The human obesity gene map: The 2003 update; This is the tenth update of the human obesity gene map, incorporating published results up to the end of October 2003 and continuing the previous format. Evidence from single-gene mutation obesity cases, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, quantitative trait loci (QTLs) from human genome-wide scans and animal cross-breeding experiments, and association and linkage studies with candidate genes and other markers is reviewed. Transgenic and knockout murine models relevant to obesity are also incorporated (N = 55). As of October 2003, 41 Mendelian syndromes relevant to human obesity have been mapped to a genomic region, and causal genes or strong candidates have been identified for most of these syndromes. QTLs reported from animal models currently number 183. There are 208 human QTLs for obesity phenotypes from genome-wide scans and candidate regions in targeted studies. A total of 35 genomic regions harbor QTLs replicated among two to five studies. Attempts to relate DNA sequence variation in specific genes to obesity phenotypes continue to grow, with 272 studies reporting positive associations with 90 candidate genes. Fifteen such candidate genes are supported by at least five positive studies. The obesity gene map shows putative loci on all chromosomes except Y. Overall, more than 430 genes, markers, and chromosomal regions have been associated or linked with human obesity phenotypes. The electronic version of the map with links to useful sites can be found at http://obesitygene.pbrc.edu. Copyright © 2004 NAASO.
Nutrient Metabolism: Structures, Functions, and Genetics; Nutrient Metabolism defines the molecular fate of nutrients and other dietary compounds in humans, as well as outlining the molecular basis of processes supporting nutrition, such as chemical sensing and appetite control. It focuses on the presentation of nutritional biochemistry; and the reader is given a clear and specific perspective on the events that control utilization of dietary compounds. Slightly over 100 self-contained chapters cover all essential and important nutrients as well as many other dietary compounds with relevance for human health. An essential read for healthcare professionals and researchers in all areas of health and nutrition who want to access the wealth of nutrition knowledge available today in one single source. Key Features * Highly illustrated with relevant chemical structures and metabolic pathways * Foreword by Steven Zeisel, Editor-in-chief of the Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry * First comprehensive work on the subject. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Red blood cell insulin receptors in health and disease; Contents: Structure and characteristics of erythrocyte insulin receptor. Red blood cell age and insulin receptors. Insulin receptors in human disease states. Obesity. Chronic renal failure. Acanthosis nigricans. Miscellaneous disease states. Insulin receptors in children. Insulin receptors in women during pregnancy. Insulin binding and other hormones. Comparison of biosynthetic insulin, pancreatic human insulin and porcine insulin binding to erythrocytes. Effect of exercise on insulin binding to red blood cells of normal human volunteers. Miscellaneous insulin binding studies. Insulin internalization and degradation. Insulin and erythrocyte metabolism. Summary and conclusion. © 1991.
Childhood obesity; The pediatrician's approach to overweight was best summarized by Bruch20 25 years ago: The pediatrician plays an important role in the prevention of obesity. From birth on, feeding a child always involves a dual task - namely, offering food in appropriate amounts and gearing it to the child's expression of his needs. Only in this way can he develop discriminating awareness and become active in establishing self-regulation.... If a child is fed when he is hungry, played with when he needs attention, and encouraged to be active when he is restless, he is not likely to grow up inhibited and passive or overstuffed and helpless, unable to control his eating because every discomfort is misinterpreted as a need to eat.
Measuring in-vivo metabolism using nuclear magnetic resonance; Purpose of review: This review introduces physiologists and clinical investigators to an ever-widening array of nuclear magnetic resonance applications. In particular, it highlights a multiple tracer technique that provides a comprehensive picture of metabolic processes within human liver. Recent findings: Magnetic resonance spectroscopy is an important technique for studying metabolism in the brain, liver, heart and skeletal muscle. One fundamental advantage is that the studies are inherently noninvasive, so time-dependent information can be obtained. For example, 31P nuclear magnetic resonance investigations indicate that greater maximal oxygen uptake and oxidative capacity in trained athletes can be partially attributed to adaptations enhancing the rates at which phosphocreatine and inorganic phosphate recover during stress. In-vivo measurements of lipids and glycogen by 1H and 13C spectroscopy demonstrate that accumulation of intracellular lipids and impaired rates of glycogen synthesis contribute to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Similar techniques can be used to analyze blood and urine samples obtained during administration of 2H or 13C tracers to yield information that cannot be easily obtained by mass spectrometry. Additional information available from nuclear magnetic resonance yields a comprehensive picture of liver metabolic pathways from a single clinical study. Summary: A variety of magnetic resonance spectroscopy protocols have been validated and exploited for clinical studies, but relatively few investigators are comfortable with technical aspects of these protocols and utilize them for clinical research. Increased interaction between spectroscopists and other investigators is needed if the potential of nuclear magnetic resonance for studying in-vivo metabolism is to be fully realized. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Transient diabetes insipidus and acute fatty liver of pregnancy; Objective  To review the association of transient diabetes insipidus and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Design  A retrospective study. Setting  Six women presenting with polyuria and polydipsia in the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, referred over a two and a half year period; five out of six were primigravida. All had raised liver transaminases and biopsy‐proven acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Four out of six also had pre‐eclampsia. Subjects  Tertiary referral centre. Main outcome measures  There were no maternal deaths and only one fetal death. Desamino‐cys‐1‐D‐arg‐8‐vasopressin administration produced a reduction in urine output in all five women to whom it was administered. In all cases symptoms had resolved by the end of the fourth postpartum week. Three of the women have had subsequent pregnancies uncomplicated by either transient diabetes insipidus or acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Conclusions  The association of transient diabetes insipidus and acute fatty liver of pregnancy appears more common than previously recognised. Both may be part of the spectrum of pre‐eclampsia. Copyright © 1994, Wiley Blackwell. All rights reserved
Intramuscular and liver triglycerides are increased in the elderly; Magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies have shown that intramyocellular lipids (IMCL) and liver fat (LFAT) levels vary with insulin sensitivity and obesity, which are common in the elderly. Thus, magnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to investigate the hypothesis that IMCL and LFAT are increased in the elderly. IMCL and LFAT in young (aged 20-32 yr) and elderly (aged 65-74 yr) were measured fasted, and glucose, insulin, total free fatty acids levels, and free fatty acids profiles were measured during a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test. Body fat percentage was determined with dual x-ray absorptiometry. The elderly had significantly greater IMCL (0.12 ± 0.01 vs. 0.08 ± 0.01, mean ± SEM; P = 0.01) and LFAT (0.28 ± 0.06 vs. 0.08 ± 0.01; P = 0.004; expressed as ratios to Intralipid standard) than the young. The elderly had increased insulin resistance as calculated by the Matsuda model compared with the young (5.1 ± 0.9 vs. 9.9 ± 1.4; P = 0.02). Regression analysis of all subjects indicated that the increases in IMCL and LFAT were correlated with insulin sensitivity, glycosylated hemoglobin, plasma lipids, and body fat. Furthermore, the correlation between insulin sensitivity and IMCL and LFAT remained significant, after accounting for the effect of body fat. Increases of IMCL and LFAT occur in elderly individuals and may be related to insulin resistance.
Adiponectin: Physiological and clinical aspects of an endogenous insulin sensitizer; Adipokines are important metabolically effective hormones produced by adipose tissue. The research and clinical findings published within the last ten years clearly suggest that obesity-related wrongly regulated production of these mediators can contribute to the pathogenesis of the different phenotypes of the metabolic syndrome, such as dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, inflammation, and atherosclerosis. Adiponectin is one of the few beneficial factors influencing metabolism and vascular properties. In obese subjects the level of adiponectin secreted by adipose tissue is reduced. This paper presents a survey of the molecular and clinical properties of this adipokine.
Liver fat and insulin resistance are independently associated with the -514C>T polymorphism of the hepatic lipase gene; Context: Liver fat predicts insulin resistance in humans. So far, there is not much information on genetic determinants of liver fat. Hepatic lipase is a liver-specific enzyme that regulates lipid metabolism. Objective: First, our object was to investigate whether the functional -514C>T polymorphism of the hepatic lipase gene is associated with liver fat content and with insulin sensitivity. Second, because this polymorphism displays gene-nutrient interactions, we assessed genegene interactions with the Pro12Ala polymorphism of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 on liver fat content and insulin sensitivity. Design and Methods: Cross-sectional data from a total of 1070 nondiabetic subjects were analyzed. Insulin sensitivity was estimated from a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. A subgroup of 115 subjects underwent measurements of liver fat. Results: The -514C>T polymorphism of the hepatic lipase gene was associated with higher liver fat content (P = 0.005) and lower insulin sensitivity (P = 0.02), both after adjustment for age, gender, and percentage of body fat. This was independent of serum adiponectin concentrations (P=0.01 and 0.03). However, there was an interaction of the -514C>T polymorphism with the Pro12Ala variant on liver fat (P = 0.09) and insulin sensitivity (P = 0.01). Subjects carrying the -514C>T polymorphism had higher liver fat content and were insulin resistant only before the background of the Pro/Pro genotype of the Pro12Ala polymorphism. Conclusions: The -514C>T polymorphism of the hepatic lipase gene is associated with higher liver fat content and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity. However, these effects are modulated by the common Pro12Ala polymorphism in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2. These findings may be relevant for intervention strategies to prevent increase in liver fat content and insulin resistance. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
Insulin resistance and inflammation in the early phase of type 2 diabetes: Potential for therapeutic intervention; Prospective studies of prediabetic subjects have shown that obesity and its duration are major risk factors for type 2 diabetes. Longitudinal studies are consistent with an etiologic role of subclinical inflammation in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes, primarily as a mediator of obesity-induced insulin resistance. Inflammation is closely associated with endothelial dysfunction and is recognized as one of the cardiovascular risk factors clustering in the Insulin Resistance Syndrome or Metabolic Syndrome. The adipose tissue has been recognized as an important source of metabolically active secretory products (adipocytokines), free fatty acids, leptin, TNF-α, Iinterleucin-6, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, adiponectin and resistin. Prevention of insulin resistance by weight loss, diet and exercise is very effective in reducing the progression from glucose intolerance to type 2 diabetes in obese subjects. Since insulin resistance is a key disturbance in early type 2 diabetes additional drug treatment with insulin-sensitizing drugs might be helpful to reduce the progression to both beta-cell failure and macrovascular late complications. The PROACTIVE study will determine if the effects of improving insulin sensitivity and reducing inflammation will translate into clinical benefits and reduce the cardiovascular morbidity and mortality associated with insulin resistance and Type 2 diabetes.
The effect of pregnancy on renal function: Physiology and pathophysiology; Marked changes in renal function occur with pregnancy. We present a summary of these changes in this review and give insight into possible mechanisms if they are known. Controversies exist regarding the therapy of pregnancy-induced hypertension and asymptomatic and recurrent bacteriuria. The current views on these topics are given. Specific renal diseases are summarized, including transplantation, and optimum management strategies and maternal and fetal prognosis during pregnancy are given.
Obesity and the liver: Developmental perspectives; Obesity now affects 15% of children and adolescents in the United States. Many of the complications of obesity are seen in children, including fatty liver disease, gallstones, hyperlipidemia, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Infants and children also have unique susceptibilities to and manifestations of liver disease caused by total parenteral nutrition. In addition to genetic and environmental influences on obesity, there is increasing evidence supporting the idea of "metabolic programming," in which environmental influences at critical periods during development have permanent effects on an individual's predisposition to obesity and metabolic disease. Understanding the role the liver plays in the development and expression of the metabolic program will provide important insight into the pathogenesis and treatment of fatty liver disease, and of obesity itself.
Serum adiponectin, resistin levels and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in obese children; The objective is to investigate the relation between the levels of two serum adipocytokines (adiponectin and resistin) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in obese children. In this study, 113 obese children were enrolled and divided into 3 groups. Obese group 1 was defined as obese children without any liver abnormality. Obese group 2 was defined as obese children just with fatty infiltration of the liver in ultrasonic appearance and obese group 3 was defined as obese children with liver function abnormality. The controls consisted of 37 nonobese children without endocrine, metabolic or kidney disease. The levels of serum adiponectin and resistin were measured by ELISA method. Insulin resistance by homeostasis model (HOMA-IR), area under curve of glucose (AUCG), serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, alanine aminotransferase, uric acid, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and body mass index (BMI) were measured as well. In obese children, NAFLD were found in 63 cases (55.75%). Serum adiponectin levels of obese children were significantly lower than that of controls (3.63 vs 5.79 μg/mL, P<0.001) while serum resistin levels were not different (P = 0.876). Moreover, serum adiponectin levels in obese group 1 were significantly higher than that of group 2 and 3 (4.24 vs 3.37 and 3.12 μg/mL, all P<0.05) and no difference was found between obese group 2 and obese group 3 (P>0.05). Serum resistin levels among the three obese groups were 4.37 ng/mL, 3.72 ng/mL and 4.24 ng/mL without significant difference (P = 0.592). NAFLD, BMI, gender and HDL-cholesterol were independent determinants of serum adiponectin levels in children analyzed by multiple regression analysis, which explained 33% of the variance. Serum adiponectin levels were inversely associated with BMI, gender and NAFLD (all P<0.05) and were positively associated with HDL-cholesterol levels (P = 0.033). These results suggest that adiponectin might be a protective factor in NAFLD occurrence in obese children, and that the measurement of adiponectin should be part of the standard evaluation of the obese child and may help to evaluate the occurrence of NAFLD.
Childhood obesity: Prevention and treatment; Childhood Obesity Prevention and Treatment, Second Edition summarizes the latest scientific knowledge on obesity in children. This edition focuses on the developmental aspects of obesity, especially on the influences and factors predisposing individuals to obesity from early periods of life. This new body of knowledge stems from both basic research and recent epidemiological and clinical studies. All chapters are updated and special attention is given to the prevention of obesity in the context of developmental physiology, lifestyle modification, and dietary and physical activity approaches. Highlighting the most recent research, this timely book covers a broad range of aspects related to the prevention and management of childhood obesity. It emphasizes early intervention and an integrated behavioral approach to overcome the ongoing challenge of this global epidemic. Features Updates all chapters and includes new research on growing populations of obesity in the Third World Provides information on promoting health as a means to reduce obesity Focuses on the developmental aspects of obesity. © 2005 by CRC Press.
The fatty liver and insulin resistance; Obesity is not necessary to observe insulin resistance in humans since severe insulin resistance also characterizes patients lacking subcutaneous fat such as those with HAART (highly-active antiretroviral therapy) - associated lipodystrophy. Both the obese and the lipodystrophic patients have, however, an increase in the amount of fat hidden in the liver. Liver fat content can be non-invasively accurately quantified by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. It is closely correlated with fasting insulin and direct measures of hepatic insulin sensitivity while the amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue is not. The causes of interindividual variation in liver fat content independent of obesity are largely unknown but could involve differences in signals from adipose tissue such as in the amount of adiponectin produced and differences in fat intake. Adiponectin deficiency characterizes both lipodystrophic and obese insulin resistant individuals, and serum levels correlate with liver fat content. Liver fat content can be decreased by weight loss. In addition, treatment of both lipodystrophic and type 2 diabetic patients with PPARγ agonists but not metformin decreases liver fat and increases adiponectin levels. Markers of liver fat such as serum alanine aminotransferase activity have been shown to predict type 2 diabetes in several studies independent of obesity. The fatty liver thus may help to explain why some but not all obese individuals are insulin resistant and why even lean individuals may be insulin resistant, and thereby at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Modified Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index Is Better Correlated to Hyperinsulinemic Glucose Clamp than Other Fasting-Based Index of Insulin Sensitivity in Different Insulin-Resistant States; Fasting-based index estimates of insulin sensitivity were compared with euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp (IS clamp) measurements in 148 subjects: normal controls (n = 46), and obese (n = 12), polycystic ovary syndrome (n = 16), first-degree relatives of type 2 diabetic (n = 17), impaired glucose tolerance (n = 28), and type 2 diabetic (n = 29) patients. The fasting-based indexes tested included log homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), the revised QUICKI, and a new revised QUICKI using fasting plasma glycerol. In the population studied, at 40 mU/m2-min (n = 30) revised QUICKI (r = 0.86; P < 0.0001) and QUICKI-glycerol (r = 0.87; P < 0.0001) gave higher correlations with the IS clamp than QUICKI and log HOMA (r = 0.78 and r = -0.78; P < 0.001). For subjects tested at 75 mU/m2·min (n = 118), comparable correlations were found for all indexes (r > 0.80; P < 0.0001). When studied in subgroups, revised QUICKI and QUICKI-glycerol give significantly higher correlations with the IS clamp than other indexes for lean control subjects studied at 40mU/ m2·min and impaired glucose tolerance subjects. We confirmed, in a large patient population with a wide range of insulin sensitivities, that no single test is superior in all groups of patients. However, QUICKI and revised QUICKI are good indexes that offer correlations similar to or higher than values obtained with log HOMA. Such indexes are simple tools to estimate insulin sensitivity appropriate for epidemiological studies.
Multiple gestation: Complicated twin, triplet, and high-order multifetal pregnancy; In 2002, more than 130,000 infants were born of multifetal gestations in the United States (1). Since 1980, there has been a 65% increase in the frequency of twins and a 500% increase in triplet and high-order births (1). Most of this increase results from increased use of ovulation induction agents and assisted reproductive technology (ART); the risk of multiple gestation associated with these therapies may be as high as 25% (2). Similar increases in multifetal gestation have occurred worldwide (3-6). Although multifetal births account for only 3% of all live births, they are responsible for a disproportionate share of perinatal morbidity and mortality (Table 1). They account for 17% of all preterm births (before 37 weeks of gestation), 23% of early preterm births (before 32 weeks of gestation), 24% of low-birth-weight infants (<2,500 g), and 26% of very-low-birth-weight infants (<1,500 g) (1, 7-9). Although twins do have an increased risk of morbidity and mortality, afar greater proportion of triplet and high-order multiple gestations have poor outcomes. All survivors of preterm multifetal births have an increased risk of mental and physical handicap. The purpose of this document is to address the risks associated with these pregnancies and present an evidence-based approach to management when possible. Because the literature on high-order multiple gestation is still largely composed of case reports or small series, experience is important in the decision-making process for complicated twin or high-order multiple gestations.
Plasma ghrelin in obesity before and after weight loss after laparoscopical adjustable gastric banding; Weight reduction after gastric bypass surgery has been attributed to a decrease of the orexigenic peptide ghrelin, which may be regulated by insulin and leptin. This study examined effects of long-term weight loss after laparoscopical adjustable gastric banding on plasma ghrelin and leptin concentrations and their relationship with insulin action. Severely obese patients (15 women, three men, 36 ± 12 yr) underwent clinical examinations every 3 months and modified oral glucose tolerance tests to assess parameters of insulin sensitivity and secretion every 6 months. After surgery, body mass index fell from 45.3 ± 5.3 to 37.2 ± 5.3 and 33.6 ± 5.5 kg/m2 at 6 and 12 months, respectively (P < 0.0001). This was associated with lower (P < 0.0001) plasma glucose, insulin, insulin resistance, waist circumference, and blood pressure. Plasma leptin decreased from 27.6 ± 9.5 to 17.7 ± 9.8 (P = 0.0005) and 12.7 ± 5.1 ng/ml (P < 0.0001). Plasma ghrelin was comparable before and at 6 months (234 ± 53; 232 ± 53 pmol/liter) but increased at 12 months (261 ± 72 pmol/liter; P = 0.05 vs. 6 months). At 6 and 12 months, ghrelin levels correlated negatively with fasting plasma insulin levels and hepatic insulin extraction but not with body mass or insulin action. In conclusion, prolonged weight loss results in a rise of fasting ghrelin concentrations that correlates with fasting insulin concentrations but not improvement of insulin sensitivity.
CD36 deficiency increases insulin sensitivity in muscle, but induces insulin resistance in the liver in mice; CD36 (fatty acid translocase) is involved in high-affinity peripheral fatty acid uptake. Mice lacking CD36 exhibit increased plasma free fatty acid and triglyceride (TG) levels and decreased glucose levels. Studies in spontaneous hypertensive rats lacking functional CD36 link CD36 to the insulin-resistance syndrome. To clarify the relationship between CD36 and insulin sensitivity in more detail, we determined insulin-mediated whole-body and tissue-specific glucose uptake in CD36-deficient (CD36-/-) mice. Insulin-mediated whole-body and tissue-specific glucose uptake was measured by D-[3H]glucose and 2-deoxy-D-[1-3H]glucose during hyperinsulinemic clamp in CD36-/- and wild-type control littermates (CD36+/+) mice. Whole-body and muscle-specific insulin-mediated glucose uptake was significantly higher in CD36-/- compared with CD36+/+ mice. In contrast, insulin completely failed to suppress endogenous glucose production in CD36-/- mice compared with a 40% reduction in CD36+/+ mice. This insulin-resistant state of the liver was associated with increased hepatic TG content in CD36-/- mice compared with CD36+/+ mice (110.9 ± 12.0 and 68.9 ± 13.6 μg TG/mg protein, respectively). Moreover, hepatic activation of protein kinase B by insulin, measured by Western blot, was reduced by 54%. Our results show a dissociation between increased muscle and decreased liver insulin sensitivity in CD36-/- mice.
Insulin resistance: A metabolic pathway to chronic liver disease; Insulin resistance (IR) is the pathophysiological hallmark of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), one of the most common causes of chronic liver disease in Western countries. We review the definition of IR, the methods for the quantitative assessment of insulin action, the pathophysiology of IR, and the role of IR in the pathogenesis of chronic liver disease. Increased free fatty acid flux from adipose tissue to nonadipose organs, a result of abnormal fat metabolism, leads to hepatic triglyceride accumulation and contributes to impaired glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in muscle and in the liver. Several factors secreted or expressed in the adipocyte contribute to the onset of a proinflammatory state, which may be limited to the liver or more extensively expressed throughout the body. IR is the common characteristic of the metabolic syndrome and its related features. It is a systemic disease affecting the nervous system, muscles, pancreas, kidney, heart, and immune system, in addition to the liver. A complex interaction between genes and the environment favors or enhances IR and the phenotypic expression of NAFLD in individual patients. Advanced fibrotic liver disease is associated with multiple features of the metabolic syndrome, and the risk of progressive liver disease should not be underestimated in individuals with metabolic disorders. Finally, the ability of insulin-sensitizing, pharmacological agents to treat NAFLD by reducing IR in the liver (metformin) and in the periphery (thiazolidinediones) are discussed. Copyright © 2005 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and type 2 diabetes; Maintenance of normal blood glucose levels depends on a complex interplay between the insulin responsiveness of skeletal muscle and liver and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion by pancreatic β cells. Defects in the former are responsible for insulin resistance, and defects in the latter are responsible for progression to hyperglycemia. Emerging evidence supports the potentially unifying hypothesis that both of these prominent features of type 2 diabetes are caused by mitochondrial dysfunction.
The role of glucocorticoid action in the pathophysiology of the Metabolic Syndrome; Glucocorticoids are stress hormones that modulate a large number of physiological actions involved in metabolic, inflammatory, cardiovascular and behavioral processes. The molecular mechanisms and the physiological effects of glucocorticoids have been extensively studied. However, the involvement of glucocorticoid action in the etiology of the Metabolic Syndrome has not been well appreciated. Recently, accumulating clinical evidence and animal genetics studies have attracted growing interest in the role of glucocorticoid action in obesity and insulin resistance. This review will discuss the metabolic effects in the context of glucocorticoid metabolism and establish the association of glucocorticoid action with the features of the Metabolic Syndrome, especially obesity and insulin resistance. Special discussions will be focused on corticosteroid-binding globulin and 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1, two proteins that mediate glucocorticoid action and have been implicated in the Metabolic Syndrome. Due to the complexities of the glucocorticoid biology and the Metabolic Syndrome and limited space, this review is only intended to provide a general link between the two areas with broad rather than in-depth discussions of clinical, pharmacological and genetic findings. © 2005 Wang; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Role of a critical visceral adipose tissue threshold (CVATT) in metabolic syndrome: Implications for controlling dietary carbohydrates: A review; There are likely many scenarios and pathways that can lead to metabolic syndrome. This paper reviews mechanisms by which the accumulation of visceral adipose tissue (VAT) may contribute to the metabolic syndrome, and explores the paradigm of a critical VAT threshold (CVATT). Exceeding the CVATT may result in a number of metabolic disturbances such as insulin resistance to glucose uptake by cells. Metabolic profiles of patients with visceral obesity may substantially improve after only modest weight loss. This could reflect a significant reduction in the amount of VAT relative to peripheral or subcutaneous fat depots, thereby maintaining VAT below the CVATT. The CVATT may be unique for each individual. This may help explain the phenomena of apparently lean individuals with metabolic syndrome, the so-called metabolically normal weight (MONW), as well as the obese with normal metabolic profiles, i.e., metabolically normal obese (MNO), and those who are "fit and fat." The concept of CVATT may have implications for prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome, which may include controlling dietary carbohydrates. The identification of the CVATT is admittedly difficult and its anatomical boundaries are not well-defined. Thus, the CVATT will continue to be a work in progress. © 2004 Freedland; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Polymorphisms in the gene encoding adiponectin receptor 1 are associated with insulin resistance and high liver fat; Aims/hypothesis: The adipokine adiponectin has insulin-sensitising, anti-atherogenic and anti-inflammatory properties. Recently, the genes for mouse and human adiponectin receptor-1 (ADIPOR1) and -2 (ADIPOR2) have been cloned. The aim of this study was to investigate whether genetic variants of the genes encoding ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 play a role in human metabolism. Materials and methods: We screened ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 for polymorphisms and determined their association with glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, an atherogenic lipid profile and inflammatory markers in 502 non-diabetic subjects. A subgroup participated in a longitudinal study; these subjects received diet counselling and increased their physical activity. Results: We identified six variants of ADIPOR1 and seven variants of ADIPOR2. A single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the putative promoter region 8503 bp upstream of the translational start codon (-8503 G/A) of ADIPOR1 (frequency of allele A=0.31) was in almost complete linkage disequilibrium with another SNP (-1927 T/C) in intron 1. Subjects carrying the -8503 A and -1927 C alleles had lower insulin sensitivity, as estimated from a 75 g OGTT (p=0.04) and determined during a euglycaemic clamp (n=295, p=0.04); they also had higher HbA1c levels (p=0.02) and, although the difference was not statistically significant, higher liver fat (n=85, determined by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy, p=0.056) (all p values are adjusted for age, sex and percentage of body fat). In the longitudinal study (n=45), the -8503 A and -1927 C alleles were associated with lower insulin sensitivity (p=0.03) and higher liver fat (p=0.02) at follow-up compared with the -8503 G and -1927 T alleles, independently of basal measurements, sex and baseline and follow-up percentage of body fat. Conclusions/interpretation: The present findings suggest that the -8503 G/A SNP in the promoter or the -1927 T/C SNP in intron 1 of ADIPOR1 may affect insulin sensitivity and liver fat in humans. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Clinical biochemistry of pregnancy; Major adaptations in maternal physiology and metabolism are required for successful pregnancy outcome. Hormonal changes initiated even before conception significantly alter maternal biochemistry early in pregnancy. Steroid hormones, peptide hormones, and prostaglandins interact to expand blood and plasma volume and modulate the maternal capacity to supply energy and nutrients to the fetoplacental unit. As gestation progresses, reference ranges for the concentration of many biochemical parameters change significantly from those found in the nonpregnant state. Gestation-specific reference ranges are essential for correct interpretation of tests used in screening, diagnosis, and monitoring during pregnancy. The use of clinical laboratory tests in the management of high-risk pregnancy are discussed from the perspective of testing before conception and during pregnancy.
Body Fat Distribution and Cortisol Metabolism in Healthy Men: Enhanced 5β-Reductase and Lower Cortisol/Cortisone Metabolite Ratios in Men with Fatty Liver; In Cushing's syndrome, cortisol causes fat accumulation in specific sites most likely to be associated with insulin resistance, notably in omental adipose and also perhaps in the liver. In idiopathic obesity, cortisol-metabolizing enzymes may play a key role in determining body fat distribution. Increased regeneration of cortisol from cortisone within adipose by 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (HSD) type 1 (11HSD1) has been proposed to cause visceral fat accumulation, whereas decreased hepatic 11HSD1 may protect the liver from glucocorticoid excess. Increased inactivation of cortisol by 5α- and 5β-reductases in the liver may drive compensatory activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, hence increasing adrenal androgens and 'android' central obesity. This study aimed to examine relationships between these enzymes and detailed measurements of body fat distribution. Twenty-five healthy men (age, 22-57 yr; body mass index, 20.6-35.6 kg/m2) were recruited from occupational health services. Body composition was assessed by anthropometric measurements, bioimpedance, and cross-sectional abdominal magnetic resonance imaging scans. Liver fat content was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging spectroscopy. Insulin sensitivity was measured in a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. Cortisol metabolites were measured in a 24-h urine sample by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. In vivo hepatic 11HSD1 activity was measured by generation of plasma cortisol after an oral dose of cortisone. In vitro 11HSD1 activity and mRNA were measured in 18 subjects who consented to provide abdominal sc adipose biopsies. Indices of obesity (body mass index, whole-body percentage fat, waist/hip ratio) were associated with higher urinary excretion of 5α- and 5β-reduced cortisol metabolites (for percentage fat, P < 0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively) and increased adipose 11HSD1 activity (P < 0.05). Liver fat accumulation was associated with a selective increase in urinary excretion of 5β-reduced cortisol and cortisone metabolites (P < 0.01) and a lower ratio of cortisol/cortisone metabolites in urine (P < 0.001) but no difference in in vivo cortisone-to-cortisol conversion or in vitro adipose 11HSD1. Higher excretion of 5ß-reduced cortisol metabolites was independently associated with insulin resistance and hypertriglyceridemia. Lower conversion of cortisone to cortisol was associated with lower fasting plasma cortisol (P < 0.01). However, visceral adipose fat mass was not associated with indices of cortisol metabolism; indeed, after adjusting for the effects of whole-body and liver fat, increased visceral fat was associated with lower cortisol metabolite excretion. We conclude that alterations in 11HSD1 and hepatic 5α-reductase activity are associated with generalized, rather than central, obesity in humans. Activation of 5α-reductase in men with fat accumulation in the liver may confound the interpretation of cortisol metabolite excretion when liver fat content is unknown, and may contribute to altered bile acid and cholesterol metabolism in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
New imaging techniques of fat, muscle and liver within the context of determining insulin sensitivity; Body fat distribution and ectopic fat deposition are important determinants of insulin sensitivity. Fat deposition in muscle and the liver, in particular, has been found to impair insulin signalling in these insulin-sensitive tissues. Thus, exact quantification of fat content may help to distinguish between different sites of insulin resistance. Increased fat deposition in the visceral compartment compared with the subcutaneous depot also represents an important factor leading to insulin resistance. Recent data clearly showed that visceral fat is a strong determinant of liver fat content. Exact quantification of fat distribution by magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy may help to define distinct 'fat-distribution phenotypes'. This may allow a search for new candidate genes for type 2 diabetes mellitus and identify, at an early stage, individuals at risk for decline in insulin sensitivity. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG.
PPAR ligands: Potential therapies for metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MS), a condition characterized by multiple related clinical disorders including insulin resistance, central obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and heart disease, is an increasingly prevalent disease in industrialized societies. The intense research interest in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), by both the pharmaceutical industry and academia, stems largely from the well-documented therapeutic actions of their synthetic agonists in alleviating several of the maladies associated with MS. This report focuses on the current understanding of the mechanisms of action of PPAR agents and their clinical use in the context of MS. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Outcomes of Multifetal Pregnancy Reductions; Multifetal pregnancy reduction will remain an option for care in high order multiple gestations. As with most medical problems, primary prevention would be more satisfactory than facing this secondary prevention conundrum. It is critical that physicians who treat infertile couples continue to work toward reducing the risk of multiple gestations. The outcomes of triplet and quadruplet gestations reduced to twins are generally good. Many factors affect the outcome, including the psychological outcome for the woman and her partner. A careful explanation of the risks of doing the procedure, as well as the risks of not doing the procedure is critical to the woman's ability to make an informed decision. If she elects to undergo MFPR then her pregnancy will continue to need close evaluation as she is still at increased risk of pregnancy complications. Supportive guidance throughout her pregnancy and post-partum period is needed. Multifetal pregnancy reduction has allowed many couples to achieve their goal of parenthood of healthy children. The balance of the joys of pregnancy and the pain of this decision is difficult, but usually successful.
Circulating concentration of adiponectin and its expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue in patients with highly active antiretroviral therapy-associated lipodystrophy; Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has dramatically reduced HIV-related mortality, but is associated with severe metabolic adverse events, such as lipodystrophy and insulin resistance, the mechanisms of which are unknown. Adiponectin is a adipocytokine that is decreased in insulin resistant conditions. In mice, adiponectin decreases liver and muscle fat content and enhances insulin sensitivity. We determined serum adiponectin and adiponectin mRNA concentrations in subcutaneous adipose tissue in HIV-positive HAART-treated patients with (HAART+LD+, n=30) and without lipodystrophy (HAART+LD-, n=13). The HAART+LD+ group had significantly less subcutaneous and more intra-abdominal fat than the HAART+LD- group. Liver fat content (spectroscopy), serum insulin, C-peptide and triglyceride concentrations were significantly higher, and HDL cholesterol concentration lower in the HAART+LD+ than the HAART+LD- group. Serum adiponectin (3.4±0.4 vs 8.5±1.0 μg/mL, p<0.001) and adiponectin mRNA concentration in subcutaneous adipose tissue (7±1×10-4 vs 24±6×10-4, p<0.001) were significantly lower in the HAART+LD+ than the HAART+LD- group. Both serum adiponectin and mRNA concentrations correlated closely with features of insulin resistance, including liver fat content. These data suggest that the decreased production of adiponectin in lipoatrophic adipose tissue may contribute to hepatic insulin resistance in these patients.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes; Objective: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. Research Methods and Procedures: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 ± 0.3%) and high (9.8 ± 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 ± 1 vs. 38 ± 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 ± 0.6 vs. 32.8 ± 0.5 kg/m2), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. Results: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 ± 0.21 vs. 1.11 ± 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 ± 3 vs. 10 ± 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. Discussion: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Effects of identical weight loss on body composition and features of insulin resistance in obese women with high and low liver fat content; Our objective was to determine how 8% weight loss influences subcutaneous, intra-abdominal, and liver fat (LFAT), as well as features of insulin resistance, in obese women with high versus low LFAT. A total of 23 women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into groups of high (9.4 ± 1.4%) and low (3.3 ± 0.4%) LFAT based on their median LFAT (5%) measured with proton spectroscopy. Both groups were similar with respect to age, BMI, and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Before weight loss, women with high LFAT had higher fasting serum insulin and triglyceride concentrations than women with low LFAT. At baseline, LFAT correlated with the percent of fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and saturated fat (r = 0.45, P < 0.05) of total caloric intake but not intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat or fasting serum free fatty acids. Weight loss was similar between the groups (high LFAT -7.4 ± 0.2 vs. low LFAT -7.7 ± 0.3 kg). LFAT decreased from 9.4 ± 1.4 to 4.8 ± 0.7% (P < 0.001) in women with high LFAT and from 3.3 ± 0.4 to 2.0 ± 0.2% (P < 0.001) in women with low LFAT. The absolute decrease in LFAT was significantly higher in women with high than low LFAT (-4.6 ± 1.0 vs. - 1.3 ± 0.3%, P < 0.005). The decrease in LFAT was closely correlated with baseline LFAT (r = -0.85, P < 0.001) but not with changes in the volumes of intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat depots, which decreased similarly in both groups. LFAT appears to be related to the amount of fat in the diet rather than the size of endogenous fat depots in obese women. Women with initially high LFAT lost more LFAT by similar weight loss than those with low LFAT, although both groups lost similar amounts of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat. These data suggest that LFAT is regulated by factors other than intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Therefore, LFAT does not appear to simply reflect the size of endogenous fat stores.
Acute inhibition of lipolysis does not affect postprandial suppression of endogenous glucose production; To test the hypothesis that intrahepatic availability of fatty acid could modify the rate of suppression of endogenous glucose production (EGP), acipimox or placebo was administered before and during a test meal. We used a modified isotopic methodology to measure EGP in 11 healthy subjects, and 1H magnetic resonance spectroscopic measurement of hepatic triglyceride stores was also undertaken. Acipimox suppressed plasma free fatty acids markedly before the meal (0.05 ± 0.01 mmol/l at -10 min, P = 0) and throughout the postprandial period (0.03 ± 0.01 mmol/l at 150 min). Mean peak plasma glucose was significantly lower after the meal on acipimox days (8.9 ± 0.4 vs. 10.1 ± 0.5 mmol/l, P < 0.01), as was mean peak serum insulin (653.1 ± 99.9 vs. 909 ± 118 pmol/l, P < 0.01). Fasting EGP was similar (11.15 ± 0.58 μmol·kg -1·min -1 placebo vs. 11.17 ± 0.89 mg·kg -1·min -1 acipimox). The rate of suppression of EGP after the meal was almost identical on the 2 test days (4.36 ± 1.52 vs. 3.69 ± 1.21 μmol·kg -1·min -1 at 40 min). There was a significant negative correlation between the acipimox-induced decrease in peak plasma glucose and liver triglyceride content r = -0.827, P = 0.002), suggesting that, when levels of liver fat were low, inhibition of lipolysis was able to affect glucose homeostasis. Acute pharmacological sequestration of fatty acids in triglyceride stores improves postprandial glucose homeostasis without effect on the immediate postprandial suppression of EGP. Copyright © 2005 the American Physiological Society.
Pregnancy and liver disease; Liver disease has an impact on women's health during pregnancy because of the complex interactions between the physiologic changes induced by pregnancy and the pathophysiologic changes of liver disease. In particular, liver diseases that predominantly afflict females, such as primary biliary cirrhosis and autoimmune hepatitis, pose a special problem for conception and management of pregnancy. Pregnancy, moreover, specifically is associated with several potentially life-threatening liver diseases. This article reviews comprehensively the impact of liver diseases on pregnancy and of pregnancy on liver function and liver disease.
Islet hyperplasia in Callitrichids; Five callitrichids (three common marmosets -Callithrix jacchus -, a black tufted-eared marmoset -C. penicillata-, and a saddle-back tamarin -Saguinus fuscicollis) were diagnosed with islet hyperplasia by histopathology and immunohistochemistry. All were privately-owned, unrelated callitrichids ranging from 2- to 4-year-old. Relevant findings were anorexia (3/5), vomiting (2/5), ptyalism (1/5), polyuria/polydipsia (1/5), respiratory distress (1/5), hyperglycemia (2/3) and glycosuria (1/1); hyperglycemia and glycosuria were associated with pregnancy in a common marmoset and resolved after reducing simple carbohydrates in diet. All five animals died, three of them after few premonitory signs; in two cases, other concurrent diseases unrelated to islet hyperplasia were considered the cause of death. Additional animals from two facilities had high weight (4), physical obesity (3), polyuria/polydipsia/polyphagia/uriposia (1), hyperglycemia (1), and/or glycosuria (2). Pathologic findings in the deceased callitrichids were: islet hyperplasia (5/5); hemosiderosis (5/5); lipomatosis (4/5) of several tissues (atria, 3/5; pancreas, gall bladder, intestine, esophagus, and thyroid, 2/5; liver, 1/5; pancreatic necrosis or steatonecrosis, and/or acute pancreatitis (3/5); and vacuolation of hepatocytes and renal tubular cells most likely consistent with hepatorenal lipidosis (2/5). The islets of Langerhans were more numerous and larger than in a control, and morphologically normal in all cases, except in a common marmoset that had a few cells with a foamy cytoplasm and shrunken hyperchromatic or picknotic nucleus. Insulin (5/5), glucagon (3/5), and somatostatin (3/5) immunohistochemistry revealed that most cells stained positively for insulin diffusely in their cytoplasm (5/5) (staining restricted to the vascular pole of β-cells in the control). These findings suggest that obesity, insulin resistance and/or type II diabetes may be implicated and thus a prospective study on these diseases in callitrichids is necessary to determine their etiopathogenesis.
Overexpression of 11β-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase-1 in adipose tissue is associated with acquired obesity and features of insulin resistance: Studies in young adult monozygotic twins; 11β-Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 (11β-HSD-1) catalyzes the interconversion of inactive cortisone to active cortisol. Overexpression of 11β-HSD-1 in murine adipose tissue results in glucocorticoid receptor (GR) α overexpression, central obesity, and insulin resistance. It is controversial whether 11β-HSD-1 or GRα expression are increased in human adipose tissue in obesity. We studied effects of acquired obesity on 11β-HSD-1 gene (real-time PCR) and protein (Western blotting) expression in sc adipose tissue in 17 monozygotic twin pairs aged 24-27 yr with a mean intrapair difference in body mass index (BMI) of 3.8 kg/m2 (range 0.4-10.1 kg/m2). Intrapair correlations were calculated to study effects of acquired obesity on 11β-HSD-1 expression. Western blot analysis of adipose tissue homogenates identified approximately 50- and approximately 68-kDa proteins specific for 11β-HSD-1. Both structural forms correlated positively with 11β-HSD-1 mRNA concentrations. Intrapair differences in 11β-HSD-1 mRNA, and the 50- and 68-kDa proteins in sc adipose tissue correlated positively with those in BMI (kilograms per square meter) (r = 0.78 for 11β-HSD-1 mRNA, P = 0.0002; r = 0.87 for the 11β-HSD-1 50-kDa protein, P = 0.0003; and r = 0.62 for the 11β-HSD-1 68-kDa protein, P = 0.033), total body fat (percent) (r = 0.65, P = 0.005; r = 0.83, P = 0.001; and r = 0.69, P = 0.013, respectively) and sc fat (cubed centimeters) (r = 0.66, P = 0.004; r = 0.94, P = 0.0001; and r = 0.71, P = 0.009, respectively). Furthermore, 11β-HSD-1 mRNA and 50-kDa protein expression, but not 68-kDa protein expression, correlated positively with intrapair differences in intraabdominal fat mass (cubed centimeters) (r = 0.62, P = 0.008; r = 0.69, P = 0.013; r = 0.48, P = 0.112) and serum fasting insulin concentration (milliunits per liter) (r = 0.76, P = 0.0004; r = 0.60, P = 0.037; and r = 0.43, P = 0.160, respectively). Intrapair differences in GRa expression were significantly inversely correlated with those in BMI and total and sc fat mass. In conclusion, expression of 11β-HSD-1 in sc adipose tissue is increased in human acquired obesity and is closely related to accumulation of sc and intraabdominal fat and features of insulin resistance. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 89:4414-4421, 2004).
Communicating the ocular and systemic complications of obesity to patients; Background: Obesity has become a growing worldwide epidemic that is associated with serious medical complications. Many clinicians and patients are aware of the systemic complications of obesity, but there are few providers and patients who are aware of the ocular manifestations of obesity. Methods: A review of the current medical literature was performed. Ocular and systemic manifestations associated with obesity are described, and a methodology for educating the optometric patient is presented. Results: There is significant morbidity and mortality associated with obesity, which is causing serious consequences to patients and an enormous economic strain on the health care system. Optometrists have a tremendous opportunity and obligation to educate their patients on the potential sight-threatening complications of obesity and encourage them to decrease their caloric intake and increase their physical activity to help alleviate this individual and collective burden. Conclusions: Optometrists have a duty to educate and counsel their overweight and obese patients on the devastating ocular complications that could manifest as a result of obesity.
Transient Diabetes Insipidus in Pregnancy Complicated by Hypertension and Seizures; A case is presented of a primigravida with transient diabetes insipidus, gestational hypertension, and multiple seizures resistant to magnesium sulfate and diazepam. After addition of phenytoin, no further seizures occurred. Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy has been previously associated with hypertension, liver dysfunction, and fetal distress. Considered with previous cases, it is suggested that seizures may frequently be part of this syndrome. © 1990, by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of rosiglitazone on gene expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue in highly active antiretroviral therapy-associated lipodystrophy; Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has improved the prognosis of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients but is associated with severe adverse events, such as lipodystrophy and insulin resistance. Rosiglitazone did not increase subcutaneous fat in patients with HAART-associated lipodystrophy (HAL) in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, although it attenuated insulin resistance and decreased liver fat content. The aim of this study was to examine effects of rosiglitazone on gene expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue in 30 patients with HAL. The mRNA concentrations in subcutaneous adipose tissue were measured using real-time PCR. Twenty-four-week treatment with rosiglitazone (8 mg/day) compared with placebo significantly increased the expression of adiponectin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ), and PPARγ coactivator 1 and decreased IL-6 expression. Expression of other genes involved in lipogenesis, fatty acid metabolism, or glucose transport, such as acyl-CoA synthase, adipocyte lipid-binding protein, CD45, fatty acid transport protein-1 and -4, GLUT1, GLUT4, keratinocyte lipid-binding protein, lipoprotein lipase, PPARδ, and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c, remained unchanged. Rosiglitazone also significantly increased serum adiponectin concentration. The change in serum adiponectin concentration was inversely correlated with the change in fasting serum insulin concentration and liver fat content. In conclusion, rosiglitazone induced significant changes in gene expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue and ameliorated insulin resistance in patients with HAL. Increased expression of adiponectin might have mediated most of the favorable insulin-sensitizing effects of rosiglitazone in these patients.
Unraveling the cellular mechanism of insulin resistance in humans: New insights from magnetic resonance spectroscopy; Insulin resistance plays a major role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes, yet despite much research the underlying mechanism responsible for it is poorly understood. In this review, some recent advances in the understanding of insulin resistance in humans that have been made by using magnetic resonance spectroscopy are discussed.
The human obesity gene map: The 1999 update; This report constitutes the sixth update of the human obesity gene map incorporating published results up to the end of October 1999. Evidence from the rodent and human obesity cases caused by single gene mutations, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, quantitative trait loci (QTL) uncovered in human genome-wide scans and in cross-breeding experiments with mouse, rat, pig and chicken models, association and linkage studies with candidate genes and other markers is reviewed. Twenty-five human cases of obesity can now be explained by variation in five genes. Twenty Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as one of their clinical manifestations have now been mapped. The number of different QTLs reported from animal models reaches now 98. Attempts to relate DNA sequence variation in specific genes to obesity phenotypes continue to grow, with 89 reports of positive associations pertaining to 40 candidate genes. Finally, 44 loci have linked to obesity indicators in genomic scans and other linkage study designs. The obesity gene map depicted in Figure 1 reveals that putative loci affecting obesity-related phenotypes can be found on all autosomes, with chromosomes 14 and 21 showing each one locus only. The number of genes, markers, and chromosomal regions that have been associated or linked with human obesity phenotypes continues to increase and is now well above 200.
Gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance of various degrees that is first detected during pregnancy. GDM is detected through the screening of pregnant women for clinical risk factors and, among at-risk women, testing for abnormal glucose tolerance that is usually, but not invariably, mild and asymptomatic. GDM appears to result from the same broad spectrum of physiological and genetic abnormalities that characterize diabetes outside of pregnancy. Indeed, women with GDM are at high risk for having or developing diabetes when they are not pregnant. Thus, GDM provides a unique opportunity to study the early pathogenesis of diabetes and to develop interventions to prevent the disease.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy; The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.
Novel pharmacologic agents for type 2 diabetes; After many decades of relative therapeutic stagnation since the initial discovery of insulin, followed by some modifications on its structure and only having sulfonylureas and biguanides for many years, the last decade has seen a surge in new therapeutic options for the management of diabetes. The results of the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study and Kumamoto study indicate the need for aggressive glycemic control and the slow inexorable clinical deterioration associated with type 2 diabetes over time. The propensity for weight gain and hypoglycemia are the two major limitations that subcutaneous insulin and sulfonylureas have been particularly prone to. The newer antidiabetic medications and those on the horizon attempt to address these limitations. GLP-1 agonists and the DPP-IV inhibitors exploit the innate incretin system to improve glycemia while promoting satiety and weight management. Like GLP-1-related compounds, pramlintide offers the potential to address postprandial hyperglucagonemia associated with type 2 diabetes only limited by the multiple injections and gastrointestinal side effects. The glitazars offer the hope of a new approach to diabetes care addressing not just glycemia, but dyslipidemia and other components of the metabolic syndrome, though the side effect profile remains a major unknown. The INGAP peptide represents the holy grail of diabetes care as it offers the potential of a new paradigm: that of islet regeneration and potential for a cure. But at this stage, with no human data available, it remains highly speculative. Beyond these and other novel agents being developed to meet the challenge of the worldwide epidemic of diabetes, the central place of insulin in diabetes care cannot be forgotten. In view of this the continued efforts of improvement in insulin delivery, kinetics and action have spurred such innovations as the various inhaled insulins and new insulin analogues. There is cause for guarded optimism and excitement about the years ahead. There is reason to expect that despite the growing burden of diabetes worldwide, we will be better equipped to manage it and its comorbidities and prevent its onset and possibly even cure it.
Insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes: Role of the long-acting insulin glargine analogue; Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin analogue, with a longer duration of action and a flatter time-action profile compared with NPH insulin. These properties can be predicted to result in higher glucose levels during the night and lower glucose levels after dinner following bedtime injection of insulin glargine compared with an equal dose of NPH insulin injected at bedtime. In two large-scale clinical trials involving either insulin-naïve (426 patients treated for 1 year) or previously insulin-treated (518 patients treated for 28 weeks) patients with type 2 diabetes, comparing addition of once-daily insulin glargine or NPH insulin to oral agents, these predictions were proven to be correct. Nocturnal hypoglycaemia was reduced by 58% in insulin-naive patients and by 22% in previously insulin-treated patients, and dinner-time glucose control was significantly better with insulin glargine than with NPH insulin once daily in the study in insulin-naive patients. The 'treat-to-target study' (756 insulin-naive patients treated for 24 weeks) showed that good glycaemic control can be achieved with aggressive titration of the insulin dose with either once-daily insulin glargine or NPH insulin combined with oral agents (mean endpoint HbA1c was 6.96% with insulin glargine and 6.97% with NPH insulin); however, this was achieved with less variability and nocturnal hypoglycaemia with insulin glargine. These data support use of insulin glargine instead of NPH insulin for basal insulin replacement in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Maternal complications of multifetal pregnancy; There are many complications of multiple gestations. Preterm labor is the most common complication, and its definitive treatment has not been established. In addition to preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, PPROM, and anemia are significant problems encountered frequently in multiple gestations. The number of complications can be reduced by early and regular prenatal care by a staff familiar with these challenges. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The human obesity gene map: The 2000 update; This report constitutes the seventh update of the human obesity gene map incorporating published results up to the end of October 2000. Evidence from the rodent and human obesity cases caused by single-gene mutations, Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as a clinical feature, quantitative trait loci uncovered in human genome-wide scans and in cross-breeding experiments in various animal models, and association and linkage studies with candidate genes and other markers are reviewed. Forty-seven human cases of obesity caused by single-gene mutations in six different genes have been reported in the literature to date. Twenty-four Mendelian disorders exhibiting obesity as one of their clinical manifestations have now been mapped. The number of different quantitative trait loci reported from animal models currently reaches 115. Attempts to relate DNA sequence variation in specific genes to obesity phenotypes continue to grow, with 130 studies reporting positive associations with 48 candidate genes. Finally, 59 loci have been linked to obesity indicators in genomic scans and other linkage study designs. The obesity gene map reveals that putative loci affecting obesity-related phenotypes can be found on all chromosomes except chromosome Y. A total of 54 new loci have been added to the map in the past 12 months and the number of genes, markers, and chromosomal regions that have been associated or linked with human obesity phenotypes is now above 250. Likewise, the number of negative studies, which are only partially reviewed here, is also on the rise.
Pediatric obesity phenotyping by magnetic resonance methods; Purpose of review: Accurate measurement of adiposity in obese children is required for characterizing the condition's phenotype, severity, and treatment effects in vivo. Non-invasive and safe, magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy provide an important new approach for characterizing key aspects of pediatric obesity. This review focuses on recent advances in non-invasive magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy for quantifying total body and regional adiposity, mapping adipose tissue distribution, and evaluating selected metabolic disturbances in children. The aim is to provide an investigator-focused overview of magnetic resonance methods for use in the study of pediatric body composition and metabolism. Recent findings: Whole body axial images can be rapidly acquired on most clinical magnetic resonance imaging scanners. The images can then be semi-automatically segmented into subcutaneous, visceral, and intramuscular adipose tissue. Specific pediatric studies of errors related to slice gap and number are available. The acquisition of scans in healthy and premature infants is now feasible with recent technological advances. Spectroscopic, Dixon, and other approaches can be used to quantify the lipid content of liver, skeletal muscle, and other organs. Protocol selection is based on factors such as subject age and cost. Particular attention should be directed towards identification of landmarks in growth studies. Recent advances promise to reduce the requirement of subjects to remain motionless for relatively long periods. Summary: Magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy are safe, practical, and widely available methods for phenotyping adiposity in children that open new opportunities for metabolism and nutritional research. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Pregnancy-related maternal deaths; Pregnancy is a normal biologic process, but because of a variety of physiologic factors, it increases a woman's risk for death. Maternal deaths in pregnancy may be due to conditions unique to pregnancy, conditions associated with pregnancy, or conditions unrelated to but exacerbated by pregnancy. Death may occur during any trimester, during labor/birth, or postpartum. In this report, we present 45 cases of pregnancy-related maternal deaths that were investigated and autopsied at the Dallas .County Medical Examiners office between 1977 and 1999, and we review the topic of pregnancy-related maternal death.
Alterations in postprandial hepatic glycogen metabolism in type 2 diabetes; Decreased skeletal muscle glucose disposal and increased endogenous glucose production (EGP) contribute to postprandial hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes, but the contribution of hepatic glycogen metabolism remains uncertain. Hepatic glycogen metabolism and EGP were monitored in type 2 diabetic patients and nondiabetic volunteer control subjects (CON) after mixed meal ingestion and during hyperglycemic-hyperinsulinemic-somatostatin clamps applying 13C nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMRS) and variable infusion dual-tracer technique. Hepatocellular lipid (HCL) content was quantified by 1H NMRS. Before dinner, hepatic glycogen was lower in type 2 diabetic patients (227 ± 6 vs. CON: 275 ± 10 mmol/l liver, P < 0.001). After meal ingestion, net synthetic rates were 0.76 ± 0.16 (type 2 diabetic patients) and 1.36 ± 0.15 mg · kg-1 · min-1 (CON, P < 0.02), resulting in peak concentrations of 283 ± 15 and 360 ± 11 mmol/l liver. Postprandial rates of EGP were ∼0.3 mg · kg-1 · min-1 (30-170 min; P < 0.05 vs. CON) higher in type 2 diabetic patients. Under clamp conditions, type 2 diabetic patients featured ∼54% lower (P < 0.03) net hepatic glycogen synthesis and ∼0.5 mg · kg-1 · min-1 higher (P < 0.02) EGP. Hepatic glucose storage negatively correlated with HCL content (R = -0.602, P < 0.05). Type 2 diabetic patients exhibit 1) reduction of post-prandial hepatic glycogen synthesis, 2) temporarily impaired suppression of EGP, and 3) no normalization of these defects by controlled hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemia. Thus, impaired insulin sensitivity and/or chronic glucolipotoxicity in addition to the effects of an altered insulin-to-glucagon ratio or increased free fatty acids accounts for defective hepatic glycogen metabolism in type 2 diabetic patients.
Abdominal pain during pregnancy; Numerous medical, surgical, psychiatric, gynecologic, and obstetric disorders can cause abdominal pain during pregnancy. The patient history, physical examination, laboratory data, and radiologic findings usually provide the diagnosis. The pregnant woman has physiologic alterations that affect the clinical presentation, including atypical normative laboratory values. Abdominal ultrasound is generally the recommended radiologic imaging modality; roentgenograms are generally contraindicated during pregnancy because of radiation teratogenicity. Concerns about the fetus limit the pharmacotherapy. Maternal and fetal survival have recently increased in many life-threatening conditions, such as ectopic pregnancy, appendicitis, and eclampsia, because of improved diagnostic technology, better maternal and fetal monitoring, improved laparoscopic technology, and earlier therapy.
Fatty acids and insulin resistance in muscle and liver; Free fatty acids (FFAs) circulate round the body and represent important nutrients and the key oxidative fuel for the heart and resting skeletal muscle. In addition, FFAs are thought to be potent signalling molecules. Growing evidence indicates that FFAs may be involved in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity by mediating insulin resistance. In 1963, it was postulated that accumulated glucose-6-phosphate as a result of increased FFA oxidation leads to decreased glucose uptake. An alternative hypothesis is that increased concentrations of plasma FFA induce insulin resistance in humans through inhibition of glucose transport activity, which appears to be a consequence of decreased insulin receptor substrate-1-associated phosphatidyl inositol 3 kinase activity. Moreover, FFAs can arise locally, and increased intramyocellular and hepatocellular lipids have been shown to be associated with insulin resistance. This paper reviews the main aspects of FFA metabolism in the development of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle and liver, as well as the role of ectopic lipid deposits as a local source of FFAs. Finally, the role of thiazolidinediones as modulators of FFA-induced insulin resistance will be discussed. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cross-talk between iron metabolism and diabetes; Emerging scientific evidence has disclosed unsuspected influences between iron metabolism and type 2 diabetes. The relationship is bi-directional-iron affects glucose metabolism, and glucose metabolism impinges on several iron metabolic pathways. Oxidative stress and inflammatory cytokines influence these relationships, amplifying and potentiating the initiated events. The clinical impact of these interactions depends on both the genetic predisposition and the time frame in which this network of closely related signals acts. In recent years, increased iron stores have been found to predict the development of type 2 diabetes while iron depletion was protective. Iron-induced damage might also modulate the development of chronic diabetes complications. Iron depletion has been demonstrated to be beneficial in coronary artery responses, endothelial dysfunction, insulin secretion, insulin action, and metabolic control in type 2 diabetes. Here, we show that iron modulates insulin action in healthy individuals and in patients with type 2 diabetes. The extent of this influence should be tested in large-scale clinical trials, searching for the usefulness and cost-effectiveness of therapeutic measures that decrease iron toxicity. The study of individual susceptibility and of the mechanisms that influence tissue iron deposition and damage are proposed to be valuable in anticipating and treating diabetes complications.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A new entry in the Metabolic Syndrome?; There is increasing evidence that the clinical disorder termed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely associated with the Meta bolic Syndrome. It is currently under investigation whether NAFLD represents a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Its main characteristics comprise elevated serum liver enzymes, an altered serum lipid profile and accumulation of fat in the liver. Several pathophysiologic mechanisms may underlie this syndrome. Among them insulin resistance of peripheral tissues, hepatic insulin resistance and an imbalance in serum adipokines are the predominant ones. Lifestyle intervention programs and pharmacotherapy that mainly target individuals with NAFLD were also found to affect classical characteristics of the Metabolic Syndrome. Therefore, early screening for this disorder and intervention may be effective in preventing manifestation of the Metabolic Syndrome. © 2005 Elsevier España, S.A.
Increased plasma pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in infants of women with type I diabetes; Background: Up to 40% of newborn infants of women with type 1 diabetes have echocardiographic signs of cardiomyopathy. Increased plasma concentrations of B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and its precursor (proBNP) are markers of cardiac failure and hypoxia in adults. In this study, we investigated whether plasma concentrations of proBNP and/or BNP are increased in infants of women with type 1 diabetes. Methods: Plasma BNP and proBNP were measured with RIAs. The proBNP assay measures both intact proBNP and NH2-terminal fragments derived from this precursor, whereas the BNP assay measures only BNP-32 and not proBNP. Results: Infants of women with diabetes and hemoglobin A1c (Hb A1c) >6.2% before delivery had a higher median plasma proBNP concentration (31 pmol/L; interquartile range, 21-47 pmol/L; n = 16) than infants of healthy women [16 (9-32) pmol/L; n = 21; P = 0.01]. Infants of women with diabetes and Hb A1c <6.2% (n = 15) had intermediate values. The plasma BNP and proBNP concentrations were closely associated (r 2 = 0.80; P < 0.0001); within the group of infants of women with diabetes and Hb A1c ≥6.2%, both correlated with the degree of fetal stress during labor. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes and suboptimal metabolic control may affect the fetal heart and predominantly stimulate proBNP secretion in conjunction with perinatal stress. © 2005 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
Trunk Fat and Leg Fat Have Independent and Opposite Associations with Fasting and Postload Glucose Levels: The Hoorn Study; OBJECTIVE - Waist and hip circumferences have been shown to have independent and opposite associations with glucose levels. Waist circumference is positively associated with glucose levels, whereas hip circumference is negatively associated. It is unclear which tissues are involved in the pathophysiological mechanism causing these associations. The main goal was to determine which tissue in the trunk and legs, fat or lean tissue, is associated with measures of glucose metabolism. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In 623 participants of the third examination of the Hoorn Study, whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was performed to determine fat and lean soft-tissue mass in the trunk and legs. Fasting and 2-h postload glucose levels after 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were determined. After exclusion of known diabetic patients, cross-sectional analyses were performed in 275 men aged 60-87 years (140 with normal glucose metabolism, 92 with impaired glucose metabolism; and 43 with diabetes) and in 281 women (148 with normal glucose metabolism, 90 with impaired glucose metabolism, and 43 with diabetes). RESULTS - Greater trunk fat mass was associated with higher glucose levels after adjustment for age, trunk lean mass, leg lean mass, and leg fat mass. Standardized β (95% CI) in men were 0.44 (0.25 - 0.64) for fasting and 0. 41 (0.22 - 0.60) for postload glucose. For women, these values were 0.49 (0.35 - 0.63) and 0.47 (0.33 - 0.61), respectively. In contrast, in the same regression models, a larger leg fat mass was associated with lower glucose levels. Standardized β in men were -0.24 (-0.43 to -0.05) and -0.12 (-0.31 to 0.07) and in women -0.24 (-0.37 to -0.10) and -0.27 (-0.40 to -0.13) for fasting and postload glucose, respectively. In these models, larger leg lean mass was also associated with lower glucose levels but was only statistically significant in men. CONCLUSIONS - If trunk fat is taken into account, accumulation of fat in the legs seems to be protective against a disturbed glucose metabolism, particularly in women. Further research is needed to unravel underlying pathophysiological mechanisms.
Fat in the liver and insulin resistance; Insulin resistance in humans is not always accompanied by obesity, since severe insulin resistance also characterizes patients lacking subcutaneous fat such as those with HAART- (highly-active antiretroviral therapy)-associated lipodystrophy. Both obese and lipodystrophic patients, however, have an increase in the amount of fat hidden in the liver. Liver fat content can be accurately quantified non-invasively by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. It is closely correlated with fasting insulin concentrations and direct measures of hepatic insulin sensitivity while the amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue is not. An increase in liver fat content has been shown to predict type 2 diabetes, independently of other cardiovascular risk factors. This is easily explained by the fact that the liver, once fatty, overproduces most of the known cardiovascular risk factors such as very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), glucose, C-reactive protein (CRP), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), fibrinogen and coagulation factors. The causes of inter-individual variation in liver fat content, independent of obesity, are largely unknown but could involve differences in signals from adipose tissue such as in the amount of adiponectin produced and differences in fat intake. Adiponectin deficiency characterizes both lipodystrophic and obese insulin-resistant individuals, and serum levels correlate with liver fat content. Liver fat content can be decreased by weight loss and by a low as compared to a high fat diet. In addition, treatment of both lipodystrophic and type 2 diabetic patients with peroxisome proliferators activator receptor-γ (PPARγ) agonists, but not metformin, decreases liver fat and markedly increases adiponectin levels. The fatty liver may help to explain why some but not all obese individuals are insulin resistant and why even lean individuals may be insulin resistant, and thereby at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Determination of maternal body composition in pregnancy and its relevance to perinatal outcomes; Three models and 10 specific methods for determining maternal body composition are discussed and their perinatal relevance reviewed. English language publications (1950 to January 2004) were searched electronically and by hand. Search terms included "body composition," "human," "pregnancy," "obesity," "adiposity," "regional," "2-, 3-, 4-component," "truncal," "peripheral," "central," "visceral" along with specific techniques and outcomes listed subsequently. Three models of body composition are described: 2-component being fat and fat-free mass; 3-component being fat, water, and protein; and 4-component being fat, water, protein, and osseous mineral. Ten techniques of body composition assessment are described: 1) anthropometric techniques including skinfold thicknesses and waist-hip ratio; 2) total body water (isotopically labeled; 3) hydrodensitometry (underwater weighing); 4) air-displacement plethysmography; 5) bio-impedance analysis (BIA); 6) total body potassium (TBK; 7) dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA); 8) computed tomography (CT); 9) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI); and 10) ultrasound (USS). Most methods estimate total adiposity. Regional fat distribution-central (truncal) compared with peripheral (limb) or visceral compared with subcutaneous-is important because of regional variation in adipocyte metabolism. Skinfolds, DEXA, CT, MRI, or USS can distinguish central from peripheral fat, CT, MRI, or USS can further subdivide central fat into visceral and subcutaneous. Perinatal outcomes examined in relation to body composition include pregnancy duration, birth weight, congenital anomalies, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and the fetal origins of adult disease. A few studies suggest that central compared with peripheral fat correlates better with birth weight, gestational carbohydrate intolerance, and hypertension. Means of accurately assessing maternal body composition remain cumbersome and impractical, but may more accurately predict perinatal outcomes than traditional assessments such as maternal weight.
